crank written by Mark neveldine &amp ; Brian Taylor February 20 , 2005 fade in : video screen 1 extreme cu : pacman , from the old video game , just a yellow ball with a mouth , fill the screen in all it 's lo-r glory . the camera track along as it roll along a tight corridor , gobble dot . 2 CUT to : extreme cu : a red ghost follow , in hot pursuit . CUT to : extreme cu : pacman give it the slip , cut down and gobbles a big dot . CUT to : extreme cu : red ghost transform into blue ghost , change direction and run . pacman chase ... p.. but just before he catch up the blue ghost transform back to red and change direction again . pacman barely escape . CUT to : pacman flee , but at every turn he be confront by another ghost . the camera pull out in a series of jump cut to reveal that unlike the old arcade game , this game screen go E forever , a infinite maze ... and instead of the original on four there be thousand of ghost at all side , close in . the sound of the game redouble , reverberate , deafen ... CUT to black . SOUND : a heart beat slowly in the dark . fade in : int chev' bedroom , morning 2 this scene play out as a continuous Pov shot , right up until chev 's face be reveal for the first time . ) chev chelios , wake up in he apartment to a ringing cell phone , groggy , vision double ... 1 .. from he Pov we see he examine he hand , which do not feel right , do not want to move right . ( continued ) 5 2 . continued : the cell phone , come from some other room , play the pacman theme in beep : bee-dee -dee -deee -dee -deee -dee-dee-dum ... he try to get out of bed , hit the ground . plush rug , ultra modern bed frame , night stand , high tech stereo , the work . he crawl / stumble into ... int chelios live room , continuous 3 3 ... the live room , deck out by kostabi painting and glass furniture then into ... int chelios kitchen , continuous 4 ... the kitchen , with a black marble island and hang copper . he jam he head under the fossil sink and run the water . he steady himself against the match black marble counter , stare at he hand ... .. try to lift they and bang ! he 's back on the floor , stunne ... all the while we hear the faint sound of he heartbeat ... ... slow : lubdub ... lubdub ... lubdub . he begin crawl back into ... 5 int chelios live room , continuous ... the live room , toward the telephone where he spot a plain black vhs tape propped up in front of a plasma screen tv with police ribbon wrap around it , tie in a bow , like a present . chelios ( barely comprehensible ) whathufuck ? he grab the thing , fumble to unwrap it , shove it into the vcr and push play . int . tv screen 5a 5a it 's ricky verona on the screen , a young , irritatingly slick eastern euro ... little to no accent - fast talk , sarcastic , a complete dick ... ( continued ) 3 . continued : we see he sit on chev be bed ... chev be visible in the frame , unconscious behind verona . pale nicotine sunlight filter in through the blind . there be hood loitering around the room . it be apparently shot only hour before . ( the discernible sound of chev be heartbeat will subliminally increase in speed and volume throughout verona be monologue - the cell phone continue to ring , somewhere . ) verona what 's shaking , douchebag ? think I would give you the head up . you be dead . on the tv - verona point into the camera . verona ( cont 'd ) yeah , that 's right , you little bitch ... if you be watch this tape it mean that I somehow resist the urge to dismember you and shove the piece down the garbage disposal ... opting instead to poison you in you sleep . yeah , you hear I ... we stay with chev' Pov as he flash a frantic glance around the room . the lubdub of the heartbeat be much louder and faster now ; we really begin to notice it . verona ( cont 'd ) ... I fuck poison you in you sleep . how sick be that ?... for the satisfaction of watch you squirm out you last minute know it be I that do it to you , and there 's nothing you can do about it ... cut to high angle view from a hide lipstick camera ; chev be 5 on he knee in front of the set , look around ... we still do not see he face clearly . verona ( cont 'd ) 5a 5a ... that 's right , you be on candid camera , try not to embarrass yourself ... cut back to chev' Pov . he hold he head down over the 5 carpet and shove a finger in he mouth , gagging . verona ( cont 'd ) let I guess , you be try to puke the shit out , right ? right ? do not bother ... ( more ) ( continued ) 4 . continued : ( 2 ) verona ( cont 'd ) the shit I give you be some fuck high tech sci-fi chinese synthetic shit that even I do not know exactly what the fuck it be . all I know be once it bind with you blood cell , you be fuck , baby ... and believe I , it 's do bind . by now you will be feel you joint stiffen up ... hard to breath ... chev put he hand on the leave side of he chest to feel he 5 5 heart . the beat of the heart grow louder still , but the rhythm falter , begin to slow ... verona ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) ... you heartbeat be slow down like there 's rust in you vein ... you be like the tin man in the wizard of freaking Oz ... one of the thug , alex , contribute from offscreen . 5a 5a lex ( amused by he own wit , sing ) " if he only have a brain . " erona ( irritate ) scarecrow . whatever . you get the point . you be fuck . you get maybe a hour , max , tough guy ... baby ... sexy ... the thug be into it ; verona be roll . one of they come up beside the bed and plant a big kiss on chev be unconscious head . verona ( cont 'd ) hey , it 's be real . probably should have think twice before you whacked Don Kim . experience a little 20 / 20 hindsight ? I think so . have a nice death ... finally the camera reverse to reveal chev be slack - jaw 6 face , stare at the tv . chev be in he late 20 , handsome in a offhand way . all of the background noise - the heartbeat , the cell phone - cut to dead silence ... and through the silence , a single word : verona ( cont 'd ) ... asshole . 5a 5a ( a drive soundtrack kick in . the open title play over the follow : ) ( continued ) 5 . continued : ( 3 ) find a drunken man 's strength , chev flip out . he rip the tv out of the stand , tearing the wire from the gut of the wall . he launch it straight into the floorboard with a bone - breaking crush . he kick over the rest of the entertainment system , jump on it and head out of the room . roller dolly follow he on a stumbling rampage through the apartment and down the hall . by the door , in a ashtray with he car key , he find it : he god-damn cell phone . of course it stop ringing just as he pick it up . he pocket it , bang OPEN the front door and be out . int chev' apartment build , continuous 8 8 roller dolly stay with he through the door and down the hall , as a businesswoman peak she head out the door - then slam it shut , terrify - and then down the stair to the garage door . 9 9 int chev' apartment build , garage , continuous roller dolly still on chev . he jump up on the hood of a move red sportscar as it back out of it 's parking spot , walk right over it and hop off , click the keyless lock button on he chain in mid-air ... the door to he black audi pop open ... he get in . red sportscar guy be the sort of classic intolerable LA asshole we love to hate : platinum hair , suspender , designer shade , programming he blackberry while drive , etc . sportscar guy this be a eighty thousand dollar ride , cockwipe ! chev back out , run he right over . ch - kunk , ch-kunk . chev' audi blast out of the garage and down the street . sportscar guy hold he backwards leg in agony . sportscar guy ( cont 'd ) ( scream like a girl ) you be a dead man ! CUT to : int chev be audi , moment later 10 10 the ever- present heartbeat be pound . chev whip out he cell phone and dial . a horn blast . ( continued ) 6 . continued : chev quickly look up and yank he steering wheel to swerve around oncoming traffic . chev jesus ! the camera zoom in on chev' chest : it become just slightly transparent ... we see the movement of he beat heart speed up with the near miss . he heartbeat SOUND be amplify as we move in closer . CUT to : int eve' apartment , simultaneous 11 11 we see a old school tape answer machine pick up at she place : oman ( v.o. ) hey , this be Eve ... this be apparently typical - she 's a answer machine girl in a cell phone world . he hold back he frustration as the message play . eve I be glad you call , but I be not here . can you leave I a message ? unless you be try to sell something , because I be absolutely not interested . but if you be not ... 12 12 ext chev be audi , same time chev begin to pound he head against the steering wheel . eve ... then just ... oh , wait ... time 's up - int eve' apartment , same time 13 13 SOUND : beeep ! chev ( o.s. ) get a cell phone !!! we hear chev be car squeal again ... CUT to : int chev be audi , same time 14 14 ... chev recover from another near miss . ( continued ) ( C N 7 . continued : chev S hit ! he click off the cell . his eye try to focus on the road . ote : through it all , the low beat of the heart - from slow to fast - sometimes barely audible , sometimes mix way out front - clue we into the state of he adrenaline . he grab up the cellphone again and punch in a speed dial . chev ( cont 'd ) come on ... answering service ( o.s. ) Doctor mile ' office , may I help you ? chev let I talk to he . split screen with : int chocolate's apartment , simultaneous 15 15 chocolate , a too-skinny , crack - out black chick , sit in front of a multi-line phone in a break down apartment . she 's wear a headset . she take a long drag off she cigarette . hocolate ( a generic imitation of politeness ) I be sorry , the doctor be not in the office at this time , may I take - chev where be he ? chocolate I beg you pardon sir ? chev where - thefuck - be - he ? in more screen within screen we see a ' welcome to las vega ' sign , then doctor mile recline on a massage table with a bunch of hookers . ) chocolate I do not know sir , this be he answer service , would you like I to have he page ? ( continued ) C 8 . continued : chev ( exasperate ) Fine , yes , please let the doctor know that chev chelios be a dead man if he can not call I back within the hour ... get that ? C hocolate can you spell that for I sir ? she search the food and carton strewn tabletop for something to write with . chev d-e-a-d. chelios ... get it ? chocolate yes sir ... chev thank you . hev hang up . chev find himself nodd off in the car ... the camera zoom back into he chest . this time it become completely transparent - we see he heart beat slow down : SOUND - booming : ... lub dub , lub dub ... the camera swooshes down to chev' foot as he step on the gas ... then back up to the heart as the adrenaline crank he up ... the beat speed up - SOUND : ... lubdub , lubdub , lubdub ..! ... and the camera snap back out to chev' face as he seem to come to he sense . chev take the cell . one-click , and stick the phone in the cigarette adapter . four ring . finally someone pick up . kaylo ( o.s. ) hello ? chev kaylo . my man . so , where be you last night ? split screen with : k C C 1 o 9 . int kaylo' house - simultaneous 16 16 kaylo be late 20' , slightly plump , hispanic , with gell back curly hair . the room be unkempt . a woman in a robe shuffles by vaguely in the background , possibly he mother ? k aylo h , what 's up chev ? chev ( o.s. ) I say , where be you last night ? in a screen within a screen we see he dressing up in drag , 17 17 putting on lipstick , fake tit , the work , vogueing at some freaky club , etc . int chev be audi - simultaneous 8 18 kaylo ( o.s. ) I ... uhh ... hev yeah , yeah . you wanna know what I be do ? kaylo what ? chev getting kill , you idiot ! kaylo what ? hev what ? what ? you hear I . that son of a bitch ricky verona . aylo ricky verona ... chev ( more to himself ) who would have think that little bastard have the stone to come whack I in my own crib ... it 's inconceivable ... and yet , here we be . kaylo where be we ? silence . ( continued ) B R 10 . continued : chev I be dead and you be simple . now listen : you put the word out I be look for ricky verona . anyone see he you call I . kaylo put he hand up in the air , dumbfounded . chev ( cont 'd ) I be go to get that little son of a bitch if it 's the last thing I do ... it may actually be the last thing I do , understand that ? copy I on that ? kaylo ricky verona ? chev find he ! arrive at he destination chev click off , simultaneously close kaylo' screen in a screen , and shove the phone into he shirt pocket as he screech up the sidewalk . CUT to : 19 a 19 ext STREET , near black sabbath clubhouse , moment later run down street in inglewood . the black sabbath clubhouse be a low lie pool hall / bar with a crude hand - paint sign read Beer pool dart . motorcycle be park out front . oller dolly from alongside chev be car at high speed , break off and follow inside as chev park haphazardly , rush out and bust into the joint ... int . black sabbath clubhouse , continuous 20 20 the continuous roller dolly move take we inside and keep go . eight or ten brother , some wear motorcycle leather , be scattered around the room , shoot stick , drink , etc . chev barge in , draw a glok .45 from he coat and go straight at orlando - black , hip , 30' , better dress than the other - who be at the center of a group of badasses . efore anyone have time to react chev have the gun pressed into orlando' forehead and be push he through the place into the bathroom . everyone scatter and take cover at the site of the glok ; firearm appear . ( continued ) C 11 . continued : chev lock the door , slam orlando against the far wall and start circle around he with the gun bead on orlando be forehead . chev ( out of he mind ) where 's verona !! orlando ( flipping out ) it 's cool it 's cool it 's cool ! chev talk !! chev cock the gun . orlando I be talk ! what be we talk about ? chev do not fuck with I !! orlando ok , nobody 's fuck with you , just calm down ... chev don't tell I to calm down motherfucker ! there 's banging on the door . a biker yell from outside . biker ( o.s. ) o-land -o ! what 's up ! orlando ( call back ) there 's a white man with a gun in here , I would prefer that he not cap my ass , so please refrain from any sudden ass bullshit ! ( to chev ) now you see that ? I be try to help you here . hev start to chill out . chev look , I get to find ricky verona ... orlando why would I know where ... ? ( continued ) T 12 . continued : ( 2 ) chev ... right , I know , you do not know where he be , but you be go to tell I where he be , or I be go to blow you brain into that toilet !! the door bust OPEN and a half dozen gun wield brother crowd into the tiny room . otal mad chaos ensue , chev , orlando and the brother pack in like sardine , everyone point gun at every one else 's head , shove each other back and forth , everyone scream . the situation teeter at the very edge of a explosion of bloody violence . finally orlando cut through the din with a booming voice . orlando the white man be cool ! the white man be cool ! S ilence - just the sound of chev be heartbeat , pump . orlando ( cont 'd ) ( calmly ) can we all just get along ? can we ? beat . chev be gun be still train on orlando be head . orlando ( cont 'd ) now chevy here have something he would like to discuss . so we be go to discuss it . in a civilized manner . chevy ? I believe you have a question , or some point you be try to make ? chev where 's verona . orlando ok . I be not affiliate with ricky verona . chev ( start to lose it again ) you pull the anselmo job together , do not try to bullshit I ... he press closer to orlando ... the brother bristle ... the situation be close to blow up again . ( continued ) T C 13 . continued : ( 3 ) orlando easy ... easy ... now thing be beginning to clarify ... you see how that work ? how discussion can lead to clarity ? hev be run out of patience . orlando ( cont 'd ) clearly you be operate under a false pretense . ricky verona and myself do not " pull the anselmo job together . " in fact , ricky verona fuck I on the anselmo job . in fact , ricky verona owe I seventy five hunna dollar . chev that 's not how I hear it . orlando but that 's the way it be . that 's the way it be . so you see , I do not know where ricky verona be . because if I know where he be , I would probably be there right now , beat he gucci ass down . S tandoff . chev hold the gun with a unsteady hand , study orlando be eye , evaluate . hen , as much from exhaustion as from a sense that he 's tell the truth , he let he gun hand drop . chev alright . the room let out a collective exhale . the brother mutter amongst themselves - damn right you better put that shit away , crazy bitch ass mother ... orlando thank you . that 's what I be talk about . that resemble civility . lub dub ... lub dub ... lub ... dub chev begin to fade again . he slump back , look as though he might pass out . one of the brother catch he , hold he up and shove he away . orlando ( cont 'd ) shit dude , what 's the matter with you ? ( continued ) 14 . continued : ( 4 ) chev forget it . I just gotta find ricky verona , that little bitch ... orlando I understand that . you have make that point abundantly clear to all of we . he take pity on he - chev really look like shit . a few of the brother lose interest , begin to filter out of the room . orlando ( cont 'd ) now what can I do to help you ? chev look , just give I some coke , ok ? you get any coke ? orlando give he the look . orlando ok , now you be insulting I . chev come on , man , I know you get coke . orlando you think every brother be carry , be that it ? chev come on , I do not have time for this , just give I something ... I be really die here ... orlando I can see that . chev no . you do not understand , I be really fuck die ... if I do not ... ( lose it again ) May I just have some coke , please ? orlando so this be medicinal use coke , that 's what you be tell I . chev that 's right . beat . ( continued ) o 15 . continued : ( 5 ) orlando well ? chev W hat ? orlando you get something for I , or what ? chev shove he gun into he belt , pull out a wad of ten , toss it into the sink . he 's visibly fade . orlando take a quick look over the wad , pull a little plastic bag out of he vest pocket , toss it to chev . the bag hit chev square in the forehead , hit sweat and stick . chev reach for it lamely - it slide off and land on the floor . his reflex be not the best at this point . chev collapse to he knee , break it open and snort it right out of the bag like a pig on he elbow and knee . the brother find this hilarious . orlando shake he head in disgust . orlando ( cont 'd ) chevy ... come on , man ... we hear chev be heart rate start to build , increase in volume . suddenly he pop up to he foot , almost slip and fall , steady himself . a new man . chev ok , that 's good . that 's good . rlando oh that 's good , right ? chev pound rhythmically on chest , keep time with he beat heart . orlando ( cont 'd ) W hy you look for verona anyway ? chev seem like some chinese asshole hire he to kill I ... orlando ah , so this be about the Don Kim situation . ( continued ) C C T 16 . continued : ( 6 ) chev what do you know about it ? orlando I know you pull the trigger . chev ( flipping out ) of course I pull the trigger ! why wouldn't I pull the trigger ?! orlando o...kay ... abruptly , chev' heart stop ... he eye go wide - he wait for it ... lub ... ... wait ... dub . ... and then it start up again , slow , erratic . chev be ghost white . orlando ( cont 'd ) whoa , chelios . you good , man ? chev he shit 's not work . orlando beg you pardon ? chev swoon , close to blacking out . hev I think I know what I have to do . orlando ( shrugging ) well , a man 's get to do what a man 's get to do . ( beat ) uhh ... what exactly be it that you get to do ? chev snap to he sense . hev get to kick ... some black ... ass . ( continued ) S 2 S 17 . continued : ( 7 ) orlando what ? chev turn to the biggest , meanest look brother in the room , pat he on the chest in a mock friendly way , then , without warning , slam he head forward into the brother be face , knock he backwards into the hallway , send all the other brother sprawling like tenpins . o rlando ( cont 'd ) there he go again . chev have a pool cue in he hand . he move out into the hallway , eye wild . ound : chev 's heartbeat start to rev up . chev alright ... who want white meat ? all hell break loose . ext outside the black sabbath clubhouse , moment later 1 21 a calm exterior of the building : single window , bar over it , single door close . suddenly the window smashes outward ; the two arm of one of the brother poke out through the bar as though he 's be throw into the window frame from inside . one hand hold a cue ball , which drop and hit the sidewalk . a second later the door blows off it's hinges as chev be toss , upside down , through it to land on the cement in a jumble of glass and wood . the door fall on he . the brother chase he out into the street , shouting he down . still brandishing the pool cue , he somehow hold they off as 22 22 he stumble to he car , peel out and blast off down the STREET , laughing maniacally , heart pounding like a jackhammer . 2 int chev be car , moment later 3 23 speed along , weaving erratically through traffic , sweat hard , panting with adrenaline . ound : bee-dee -dee -deee -dee -deee -dee-dee-dum . chev be cell ring . he pick it right up . chev Doc ? C C y D 2 h 18 . in a split screen we see it's verona . 24 24 verona ey , what 's up , Doc ! chev 3a 23a you motherfucker ! verona ude , be not you dead yet ? what the hell be you do out there ? chev 23a 23a I be come for you , asshole , believe I . verona eah , whatever . look , just think you would like to know that I be all about hook up with that mystery girl you have be bang as soon as you ass be underground ... I forget to say so on that gay James bond tape I leave for you ... chev 23a 23a yeah , yeah , then you be go to rape my grandmother , blah blah blah . what do you think carlito be go to think when he find out what you do ? you whole crew be history . chev check the rearview mirror . chev ( cont 'd ) ( under he breath ) great . throughout the conversation he drive have get faster , 23b 23b more and more out of control . now a squad car have pull up behind he , cherry top flash , broadcasting a warning to " pull over " out of its intercom . hev go evasive , lead the cop on a high speed chase . verona arlito ? that 's funny , I guess you do not know ... carlito 's my boy now , we be tight . chev you have not be tight since you brother fuck you in 3rd grade . ( continued ) D C C C 19 . continued : verona lever . snappy . do you pretty good , do not I , chelios ? come on , you can admit it . chev we will see . verona right , right , and the best part about it be ... chev be phone beeps - income call . hev sorry , I must take this . see you later . verona I doubt it . C hev push " answer " and pick up the new call . chev 25a 25a yeah . doc mile ( v.o . ) Doc mile . hev Doc ! shit , it 's about time . split screen with : ext las vega airport , simultaneous 25 25 doc mile sorry baby , I just get the message . chev 25a 25a ok , forget it , listen : I be die . I have be poison with some kind of chinese synthetic shit . oc mile woah ! chev you have get to do something for I , it feel so crazy , like it 's in my blood ... ( continued ) 20 . continued : chev swerve wildly . throughout the conversation we be tight on chev and doc - the only idea we have about the chase occur outside the car come from chev be wild steering , the sound of burning rubber and siren , and the few detail flash by in the background and reflect in the glass . doc mile alright , slow down . you say you have be poison . can you describe the symptom ? chev it 's like ... it 's like ... like I be slow down ... like I be catch in a tar pit ... doc mile blurr vision ? chev yeah . doc mile dizziness ? chev S ure . doc mile pain in you chest ? chev not really . actually I be feel pretty good right now . doc mile what be you do ? CUT to : int . fox hill mall , continuous 26 26 we reveal that chev be car be blasting through the inside of a shopping mall , scream past freeze yogurt and Big n tall shop , miss terrify shopper by inch . chev driving through a mall with five cop chase I . behind he car we see two chp on motorcycle and three squad car give chase . ( continued ) h 21 . continued : doc mile ( partially to himself ) the flow of adrenaline be keep you alive . chev I be have a little trouble hearing you , Doc . doc mile listen , chev - you have to keep move . chev explain . doc mile if I be right , they give you the Beijing cocktail ... very nasty ... work on you adrenal gland , block you receptor . the only way to slow it down be to keep the flow of adrenaline constant . chev crash he car into the escalator . 26a 26a e hop out with cell phone to he ear and take a ride to the second floor , riding the smashed car up the escalator . doc mile ( cont 'd ) meaning : if you stop , you die . chev what 's that ? doc mile if you stop , you die . int . fox hill mall - day 28 28 chev jump off of the car and start book through the second level , huffing it , bark into the phone the whole time . chev that 's what I be try to do ... just keep move ... keep the blood pump ... every time I slow down it 's like my vein start to rust ... doc mile have you take anything ? chev a couple gram of coke . ( continued ) 2 22 . continued : doc mile oh boy . well , that 's a start . look , I will be back in LA in a hour . I will call you as soon as I land . keep yourself pump up . do not stop , do not quit , I will be there . C hev give the cop the slip and head into a ... int clothing store , continuous 7 27 ... man 's clothing store . he bolt to the back , look for a exit . he head into the dress room , no exit . turn back out into the store and then try the employees only door . behind the door be two overweight employee in suit . he run they both over and head to the exit . they chase . chev get to the exit first and burst through the door . 28 28 ext mall , continuous he run down the sidewalk and manage to hail a cab . chev yo ! right here ! CUT to : 29 29 int cab , second later the inside of the cab have the East indian vibe . incense , Koran on the dash , and farsi music over the radio . chev go. cabbie ( in a thick pakistani accent ) where we go ? chev straight . now . they zip through the stop sign and hit the traffic light . chev ( cont 'd ) make a right . ext . CITY STREET - day 30 T 30 he cabbie pull a california roller to the right - the tire peel . ( continued ) h 23 . continued : Three squad car pass , siren and light blaring , head the0a 30a 3 opposite way . chev start to drop off ; we hear he heart rate start to slow9a 29a 2 down . chev ey , crank the music . the cabbie turn to a fm country station play billy Ray Cyrus , " achy breaky heart . " chev ( cont 'd ) no , crank it . the cabbie blare it . chev start to embarrassingly bang he head to the billy Ray as if it be metallica in the late 80' . something catch he eye . chev ( cont 'd ) pull over . come on , right here . thank you . a 7 - 11 can be see through the side window . chev ( cont 'd ) ok , I will be back in one minute . do not go anywhere . cabbie ok , cowboy . ext 7 - 11 STREET , second later 31 31 chev jump out of the cab and into the 7 - 11 . we see he pull he gun from he pants as he enter . int 7-11 convenience store , continuous 32 32 he go right to the counter and stick the place up . he grab the man from behind the counter and in one move , yank he over the counter and slam he face - down on the floor . chev you move , you die ... ( continued ) C o h 24 . continued : chev grab a box of trash bag , rip it open and take one out . he open the bag and start dump caffeine in : jolt , Coke , Red bull , Starbucks frappuccino . e dial a number on W he cell . it ring twice , then : oman ( v.o. ) hey , this be Eve ... chev ahhhhhhhhhh ! he yell and jump up and down while head to the counter . he grab hundred of the little ginse capsule , vivran , and everything candy . the bag 's full . not last look . he spot some shitty flower in a bucket . the fastest double take in movie history with the grouchiest face , then he grab they . CUT to : int cab , second later 33 33 he hop back in the cab with the cheap flower and the black santa bag . he open the bag and start slamming whatever he can get he hand on . cabbie where you want to go , man ? chev be guzzle Red bull , pop vitamin , whatever . hev beverly Hills . CUT to : ext rooftop of carlito' build , minute later 34 34 extreme cu of a fuente fuente Opus X cigar , rich tendril of smoke curling through the air . as the hand hold the cigar bring it up for a drag the camera pull back , revealing carlito , a impose 6 '1 " , 225 lb . dominican in he late 40s . the camera continue its move back , skim over blue water , revealing a elaborate pool area on the rooftop . carlito be sit by the pool in a velvet robe . ( continued ) C T 25 . continued : bodyguard roam the property and a beautiful , rock hard black woman sun on the deck . still in the same shot , pull back , carlito put down the cigar , stand up and dive into the pool . the camera drop down below the water level , and carlito swim right up to it for a close - up . carlito' Pov - we be under water swim towards the edge of the pool . as we look up , we see a water - distort figure above the water , look down into the pool . the classic shot make famous in the graduate and use a thousand time since ... only this time the guy outside the pool jump in . I t's chev , fully dress . he meet carlito face to face underwater and point up with he index finger . we CUT to carlito be reaction . he follow chev up . heir head rise just above the water , like head on a platter . several jittery bodyguard stand at the edge of the pool , gun draw . with a simple motion of he hand , carlito calm they . carlito chevy . chev hey boss . carlito I be surprised to see you . chev well , something urgent have come up . carlito ha ! so I have hear . chev then you know what happen ? carlito Word travel fast . you amaze I , my friend . chev what can I say . look , carlito , I need you help . I do not have much time . arlito no , not much . ( continued ) C 26 . continued : ( 2 ) chev we have get to find a antidote or something . silence . chev ( cont 'd ) what 's the matter ? carlito ( shrug ) the shit they give you ... it 's the chinese shit . there be no antidote . I wish there be something I could do . chev what , so that 's it ? carlito honestly , you should be dead already . it 's a miracle . chev a miracle . carlito we give that shit to horse ... hev I can not believe it . carlito C I be sorry . UT to chev and carlito be leg tread water to keep they head afloat . SOUND : lubdub ... lubdub ... lubdub chev well you do not have to be so damn cool about it . carlito what do you expect I to do ? chev tell I you be go to find that punk verona and he whole fuckin ' crew and feed `em to a cage of wolverine . carlito shrug . no response . ( continued ) a 27 . continued : ( 3 ) CUT to leg tread . chev ( cont 'd ) what be this ? be you boy now or something ? carlito verona ? that 's just a small time punk . but ... that 's not to say there be not a opportunity here . chev opportunity . carlito everyone know the love I have for you , chev . maybe this can even the score for the Don Kim hit , which be perhaps ill - advise . chev ( flabbergasted ) Ill advise ? carlito the heat from Hong Kong have be more than we anticipate . chev oh . that 's outstanding , carlito . I be glad to know that my death can be of some use to you . carlito do not be difficult . chev be I be difficult ? be this what you call difficult ? I do not know if you notice , but I be have a difficult fucking day , bro ! beat . carlito be you disrespect I , chev ? be that what you be do ? they stare each other down . lubdub ... lub ... dub ... lub ... dub ... ( continued ) C F 28 . continued : ( 4 ) chev orget it , I be out of here . chev climb out of the pool . carlito narrow he eye , watch he leave . the bodyguard motion to follow , carlito signal he off . chev pass a black helicopter sit on a small , hard - rubbere heli-pad . carlito' Pov - from a distance we see chev knock over furniture and breaking glass on he way out . carlito' Pov descend beneath the water - he breath release . CUT to : ext STREET , in front of carlito' build , moment later 35 35 the building open onto the high rent section of sunset Blvd . a outdoor cafe populate by the rich and trendy be next C door . hev shake himself off and bang out of the revolve glass door . a valet approach he and chev get in he face , flashing murderous teeth and shove he away , hopping up and down to keep the heart pound ... he head over to the cab wait out front . the same arab cabbie be wait inside . cabbie you be not get into my cab wet . chev I just give you 200 dollar to wait for 3 minute . cabbie you be not get into my car no way . chev go to the driver side of the car , pull the cabbie out of the cab and toss he into the road . the lunch crowd at the cafe , passerby , etc. , look on in bewilderment . chev point at the cabbie and start scream ... hev al qeada ! al qeada ! everybody freak out . a waiter dive under the a table , expect a explosion . chev grab the cabbie by he lapel and toss he right into the cafe , smash a table , still point and scream . ( continued ) E D C 29 . continued : chev ( cont 'd ) al qeada ! T he whole restaurant , old lady include , dogpile the poor cabbie , wildly protest in a thick accent . cabbie I love America ! I love Bush ! chev get in the cab and drive off . CUT to : int cab , moment later 36 36 chev be slamm frappucino , drive . SOUND : bee-dee -dee -deee -dee -deee-dee-dee-dum . it 's the cell phone . chev yeah . doc mile ( o.s. ) 36a 36a my flight 's delay . chev shit . doc mile ( v.o. ) relax . I mean do not relax . listen to I . the shit they give you be cut off you adrenaline . UT to : Science class - type microscope footage of darting chemical 37 37 and protein globule . oc mile ( cont 'd ) ( v.o. ) xcitement , fear , danger ... it cause you body to manufacture a chemical call ephedrine ... it bind with receptor in you blood to keep you alive ... what they have do be introduce a inhibitor into you system ... it block the receptor so you body 's ephedrine can not bind ... and that 's what 's kill you . 3 30 . int las vega INTERNATIONAL airport , same time 38 38 doc mile you only shot be to massively increase the level of ephedrine in you body ... to force out the inhibitor ... int cab , same time 6b 36b chev in English , doc . please . doc mile ( o.s. ) you have get to get to a emergency room and get yourself some epinephrine ... it 's artificial adrenaline ... it come in 10 milligram syringe ... the shit 's potent so do not overdo it ... probably a fifth of a injection will do . chev try to remember all this while zone in and out of consciousness , swerving , slamm coffee and capsule . D oc mile ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) do you get all of that chev ? chev bang he head against the steering wheel . chev epi ... something ... doc mile nephrin . epi-nephrin . chev ok , ok . ( cell beep ) I gotta go . doc mile I will call you - chev click over . chev yeah . kaylo pop up in a mini-screen . he 's in a phonebooth 39 39 downtown , look furtively over he shoulder as he talk . kaylo chev ! chev 36b 36b yeah . ( continued ) C 3 C 31 . continued : kaylo chev ? chev yeah , what be it ? kaylo hello ? chev hang up . kaylo , bewilder , redial . chev answer , say nothing . kaylo ( cont 'd ) chev ? chev uh huh . kaylo chev ! I just see verona 's brother go into Charlie o's . in a series of black and white still we see alex , the 40 40 massive dude we see in the background on verona 's tape , exite a taxi and walk into charlie o's - a big New York style 40' - era steak and cocktail joint right in the heart of C downtown l.a . hev and kaylo' dialogue continue off-screen . hev ( o.s. ) interesting . downtown Charlie o's ? kaylo ( o.s. ) yeah . I be just down here get a taco . he go right in , like , 2 minute ago . chev ( o.s. ) where be you now ? CUT back to a split - screen of chev and kaylo . 9b 39b kaylo I be across the street , get a taco . where be you ? hev hit the gas pedal and blast off . chev I be there . meet I on 3rd and flower . ( continued ) C ( C 4 32 . continued : in fast motion we see the freeway exit flash by , one after another . ext . taco stand , day 3 43 kaylo pay for he food at a leisurely pace - he 's at a little place across the street from charlie o's - and skulk out onto the street , try too hard to be inconspicuous . ext . CITY STREET - day 45 45 meanwhile , in the second screen , chev be blast along at high speed , off the freeway , through downtown , and right to the corner of 3rd and flower , where he leave the taxi idling in a red zone and get out . as kaylo turn the corner , the two split screen meet up - he45 45 and chev run right into each other . hev pull kaylo around the corner , out of sight of the restaurant . chev motion to the restaurant ) he 's in there now ? kaylo nod quickly , freak out . chev ( cont 'd ) do anyone go in with he ? kaylo shake he head no . chev ( cont 'd ) a lright , wait here . the camera stay with chev as he walk right across the street and up to the restaurant . int charlie o's , same time 46 46 alex be in he usual booth , make lecherous smalltalk with a 40ish waitress in a short skirt and fishnet stocking , as chev , still drying , hair all fuck up and walk erratically , enter the restaurant . everyone turn to look at the crazy man , nervously . hev walk doggedly right by alex , stare straight ahead , not let on that he know he 's there . alex watch he pass in disbelief . waitress what be that ? ( continued ) h B 33 . continued : alex I just see a ghost . chev disappear through the swinging door to the kitchen . the mairtre 'd have the phone in he hand , ready to dial the cop , but alex motion to he to chill . he will take care of it . he get up and follow in chev be footstep . int charlie o's kitchen , same time 47 47 alex enter the kitchen . the cook all hustle by he - they want no part of this . chev be nowhere to be see . a lex continue through the kitchen with a distinct lack of caution - everyone 's be afraid of the big man all he life - draw a gun from inside he coat as he go . he pass a butcher block , a hack up roast , a conspicuous butcher knife . turn a corner , he notice the back door swinging slowly close . he advance . the back door open onto a alley . he come up to it , bring the gun up by he head , shoulder up to the crack door and try to peer around it into the alley . just then , behind he , chev emerge from the kitchen with the butcher knife . efore alex can react , chev let swing with the knife and neatly cut off alex be gun hand at the wrist . the hand , gun and all , hit the ground . chev kick alex out the door and into the alley . ext alley , same time 48 48 alex crumple in shock , hold he abbreviate arm out in front of he face . he try to talk , or scream , but all that come out be a wheeze sound . chev follow he out into the alley , brandish the butcher knife , heartrate slamm . chev how you like that one , tough guy ? how freaking awesome be that ? e kick he in the rib , knock he over . chev ( cont 'd ) you feel like talk to I ? where 's you brother ? ( continued ) C 34 . continued : alex ( anger gradually overcome the shock ) do you mother like a iraqi prisoner , you bitch . chev Nice ... wonder how many steak I could get out of you ... a lex roll onto he knee , and with a burst of energy throw himself at chev . he smashes chev into the alley wall and land on he with he full weight . chev be pin . alex , enraged , attempt with some success to strangle he with he remain hand . chev struggle in futility , heart hammer . it seem hopeless ... ... until kaylo appear behind alex with a rolling pin and bring it down on he skull with a loud crack . alex rise up , staggering , and advance on kaylo , who drop the rolling pin and cower amidst the trash can . chev get to he foot , pull out he gun , put it to the back of alex be head . chev pull the trigger twice . click . click . chev ( cont 'd ) what ?? he toss it away and stumble to the back door of the restaurant as alex proceed to beat kaylo down with a trashcan , swinging it one hand . hev pick up alex be disconnect hand , which be still clutching the gun , and walk back over to the action . he use alex be finger to pull the trigger twice and blow he away . alex hit the ground with a thud . chev ( cont 'd ) Jesus ... nothing 's easy ... he pries the gun from alex be cold , dead finger , shove it in he pocket and toss the hand to a disgust kaylo , who try to get away from it ... chev ( cont 'd ) you want to hold hand ? ( continued ) V I 35 . continued : ( 2 ) ... and begin to rifle through alex be pocket . he find a cellphone , click through the menu and hit send . t ring . ricky verona answer . verona ( o.s. ) talk to I , bro . chev ( impersonate Alex ) hey ricky , whadya think about suck I off , ya in the mood ? maybe let I lick you ass or sumtink ? CUT to : int verona's crib , same time 49 49 verona be feed he rottweiler some beef jerky . a hottie in a bathrobe walk by . V erona who be this ? chelios ? be this fucking chelios ? chev that 's right , bro . you wanna guess how I get you brother 's cell phone ? verona be speechless , furious . he knock over a table and push the rot 's head away . chev ( cont 'd ) I can tell you have it all figure out . look like you should have cut I up when you have the chance . erona rub he face . CUT to : ext alley , same time 50 50 chev what 's that ? I can not hear you ... experience some 20 / 20 hindsight ? CUT to : . ( C ( C 36 . int verona's crib , same time 49a 49a verona ( lose it ) you be suppose to be dead !!! hev ( o.s. ) you know , man , I kind of like that shit you put in I . think you can get I some more ? verona struggle to find a heinous enough threat ) I will ... I will ... ext alley , same time 50a 50a chev I know , I know ... hey , what 's this ? chev spot a necklace around alex be neck , yank it off . on the chain : a silver WWII era Russian medallion , engrave with the image of a mount cossack . the name on the back be i. verona . hev look it over . chev ( cont 'd ) a necklace ? you guy really be faggot be not you ? CUT to : int verona's crib , same time 49b 49b verona you motherfucker , my grandfather give that medallion to my father , and then to - realize he 's say too much ) .. fuck you , man , shove that thing up you ass . chev ( o.s. ) no thanks , but you know I believe I will hang onto it ... look like you will have to come find I after all . fucked up that you kill you own brother . verona you - CUT to : 37 . ext - alley , same time 50b 50b chev out . chev hang up , turn off the phone , and pocket it . immediately he 's on to the next think . chev ( cont 'd ) what be that ... epi ... shit ... 10 milligram ... h e shake he head to clear it . kaylo what ? chev huh ? oh. I be take off . we hear siren . chev ( cont 'd ) I would get out of here if I be you . he split , leave kaylo with the body , the hand , etc . kaylo look around , toss the hand , and bolt off in the other direction . fade to black . ext LA county hospital , afternoon 51 51 chev be cab be park illegally . a meter may be write it up . int LA county hospital , same time 52 52 the slide door to the er swoosh open as a gurney be wheeled in by paramedics . chev walk quickly in behind they , a complete wreck , ignore all the activity , seemingly lose in he own thought . he check a sign on the wall for direction . a arrow point toward the pharmacy . he follow it . int hospital pharmacy , moment later 53 53 chev cut off a old man with a walker make he way to the counter . he run he hand through he freak out hair , try to straighten it out . the pharmacist , a cynical girl , mid -20s , with thick horn rimmed glass , regards he blankly . ( continued ) p p 38 . continued : old man asshole . chev ( to the pharmacist ) I be look for something ... start with ` E ' ... pharmacist England ? chev that 's funny . no , I be talk about some kind of artificial adrenaline ... some shit ... you know ... harmacist artificial adrenaline . chev I have heart problem . pharmacist epinephrine ? chev yes ! yes ... that 's it ... you have it ? harmacist I can not give you epinephrine . chev why ? pharmacist just a minute . she walk into the back . through the glass he see she pick up a phone . chev come on , what be that ... a pimply face teenager with greasy , shoulder length brown hair have be watch the whole thing from the magazine rack . T eenager nasal spray , dude . chev what ? ( continued ) T . h 39 . continued : ( 2 ) teenager nasal spray . e gesture to a counter display : nas - all , little plastic bottle . teenager ( cont 'd ) it 's get epinephrine in it . get you tweak , man . chev look from the kid to the display and back , then through the glass window , where the pharmacist be talk to someone on the telephone , look out at he suspiciously . he pick up a handful of the little spray bottle and get out of there . the old man give he a sour look ; chev make he flinch with a sudden jerk toward he . int LA county hospital , moment later 54 54 chev wander through the trauma ward , try to look inconspicuous , avoid eye contact , knock thing over , try door , inhale blast after blast of nasal spray , toss the empty bottle , eye water . he round a corner and freeze in he track : three cop be at the admission counter ... a nurse be gesture in chev be direction . they look up toward he . he duck back into the corridor , find a recovery room and slip in . 55 55 int hospital room , moment later the room be quiet , save for the steady labor wheeze of a old man in the only bed . the old man be eye stare vacantly at the ceiling - chev can not tell if he 's asleep or awake . he watch the old man for a steal moment , hypnotize ... .. then glance over at the half open closet . int LA county hospital , moment later 56 56 the cop come up on the corridor where chev disappear . they advance , hand on weapon , check each room . hey reach chev be room . the door be slightly ajar . one of the cop push it open with he foot . the old man be there , motionless . no sign of chev . ( continued ) C 40 . continued : the cop continue down the hall . behind they , from the door they check , chev tiptoe out wear a blue hospital johnnie , tie in the back with he ass hang out , try to blend in . one of the cop notice this . cop hey ! chev take off , walk faster , around the corner . the cop head after he . T he cop turn the corner . chev be still try to play it off . cop ( cont 'd ) hey . you . finally chev break into a run and the cop give chase . int stairwell , moment later 57 57 chev bust into the stairwell and start head down . he 's be hold he gun awkwardly in he armpit ; now he whip it out . a few flight above he hear the door bang open as the cop pick up the chase . he exit into the ... int emergency room , moment later 58 58 the busy er be buzzing with activity . chev look around desperately . the cop be right on he tail . suddenly the entrance door burst OPEN ... a patient be wheeled in at a dead run by a small group of emergency tech , all shouting instruction back and forth and bark at people to get out of the way as they race toward the far corridor . the fat man on the gurney have he shirt open ... he 's pale , glassy eye and lather in sweat ... they have the defibrillator paddle out ... B ehind the gurney a resident push a crash cart along with they ... the crash cart house the defibrillator and various supplies ... chev take off after they , bowling people over , flash the gun . hev I know you motherfucker have epinephrine ! ( continued ) T C W 41 . continued : the cop bang open the stairwell door , gun draw . Chaos break out . cop hold it right there , bro ! the group be gallop down the long corridor toward the elevator that connect to the o.r. ... three docs , the resident , chev and the fat man on the gurney ... the cop in hot pursuit , try to get a bead on chev . chev be hold he gun to the resident be head while push he and the cart forward . the resident blubber in panic . the docs , in all the confusion , have not notice chev yet . chev you have get epinephrine on this cart ! I want that shit ! tech 1 he 's drop ! stand by to defibrillate ! the gurney slow down and the cart , shove forward by chev , crash into it . body fly , shit spill everywhere . the fat man let out a groan , make eye contact with chev . fat man my cart ... chev what ? fat man asshole ...! chev yeah , yeah . chev spin around wildly and fire a few shot over the cop head . they hit the deck . tech 2 hat be this ? what the hell do you think you be do ? this be a hospital ! hev shove the gun in he face . chev shut up !!! he doc shut up . ( continued ) F 42 . continued : ( 2 ) chev brandish the gun toward the cop to keep they on the ground , then motion C the resident . to hev ( cont 'd ) you . get I some ... I need ... chev be pale as a ghost ... he leg buckle ... he steady himself against the wall . resident ( haltingly ) you want ... epinephrine , be that right ? chev nod weakly . the resident , on he hand and knee , start digging through the supplies spill all over the floor . the cop , sense weakness , start to tense . chev snap out of it momentarily . chev don't even think about it ! the resident approach he cautiously , on he knee , hold out a handful of small white box . chev ( cont 'd ) give I that . he snatch they , cradling they against he stomach , and back up past the docs toward the elevator just as the chime sound and the door slide open . he toss the box inside . the fat man let out another agonize groan . at man ... asshole ... chev point the gun at he . chev not go to tell you again . he grab a defibrillator paddle out of tech 2 's tremble hand and hold it to he chest . chev ( cont 'd ) ( to the resident ) now juice I . resident you ... but ... I ... ( continued ) 43 . continued : ( 3 ) chev ( weakly , not much leave ) I have not get all day , just do it , will you ? the resident flip a switch on the crash cart and the thing begin to charge ... chev hold the paddle to he chest with one hand , the gun out with the other ... finally ... zappp !!!! chev fly backwards , bounce off the wall like a pinball . the cop leap forward , try to take advantage , but chev pop back up , wire and wild eye . chev ( cont 'd ) get down , asshole ! he fire another warning shot into the ceiling and leap into the elevator as the door close behind he . int elevator , go down , moment later 59 59 chev collapse on the floor of the elevator . he fumble with the white box the resident hand he and come up with a C syringe . hev ok ... needle , hate needle ... he rub he arm , feel for a nice vein , squirt a few drop from the tip of the needle and pop the thing right in ... push the plunger all the way , pluck it out and toss it in the corner . chev sit patiently against the wall , stare blankly straight ahead . suddenly a curious look come over he . chev ( cont 'd ) how much of this stuff do he say to take ? we hear chev' heartbeat start to speed / volume up - fast . his eye widen . chev ( cont 'd ) woah . woah . woah . suddenly he jump straight up in the air . chev ( cont 'd ) oh shit ! ( continued ) 44 . continued : he start to hop around wildly like a monkey in a electrify cage . the bell chime and the elevator door open . int hospital lobby , the next moment 60 60 chev blast out of the elevator and out the front door of the hospital like a ball out of a cannon . ext CITY street - moment later 62 62 chev be hoof it like forrest gump on speedball . we hear siren ... a group of squad car flash by behind he , head toward the hospital ... neither they nor chev see one another . montage : ext CITY street - day 63 63 he run what seem like eight mile . 64 64 ext CITY street - day later we pick he up , real - time , still run . SOUND : bee-dee -dee -deee -dee -deee-dee-dee-dum . he answer without slow down . int . airplane - day 64 64 doc mile chevy ! chev ( ready to explode ) yep . doc mile I be in the air , man . do you get the stuff I tell you ? chev get it . doc mile you take it ? C hev take it . doc mile you shot the whole thing , do not you ? ( continued ) 45 . continued : chev yep . doc mile oh boy . I say a fifth of a syringe , you idiot . now you be dead for sure . chev right . doc mile chest be on fire . chev check . doc mile but you be cold . chev check . doc mile you get a steel hard on . chev let I check . look down . chev ( cont 'd ) check . doc mile ( get into it ) that 's the stimulation of the blood vessel ... you urinary sphincter be tight as a knot ... could not pee to save you life ... the lady in the seat next to doc be aghast . chev urinary sphincter ... check ... doc mile maybe you can get a hold of some vicadin ... you still at the hospital ? chev negative . ( continued ) T . . B 46 . continued : ( 2 ) doc mile maybe some weed ... I do not know ... chev check . doc mile well , that shit should be out of you system in a half hour or so , if you live that long ... this air phone be cost I a fortune ... look , I will be in LA in twenty minute . I will call you when I hit the ground . chev copy . doc mile ( sincere ) you be a good kid , chev . Nice know you . chev copy . out . CUT to : ext store window , day 65 65 ut doc mile be already a distant memory ... chev let the phone drop from he ear without hang up ... .. as he come up on a department store window where a crowd have gather to watch a wall of tv 's , all play the same thing ... .. he slow to a stop , join the crowd ... he face on the tv be he - more or less - a exaggerated black and white police sketch , simian brow and thick lipped . he look like a serial rapist . anchor ( v.o. ) Police have decline to release the name of the West Hollywood man they say be still at large on a citywide rampage that have leave one man dead , dozen injure and hundred of thousand of dollar of property damage in its smoking , bloody wake . switch to : T a 47 . a helicopter view of chev drive he car into fox hill 66 66 mall . back to : ext store window , same time 65a 65a nchor ( v.o. ) however , eyewitness News have learn that the suspect be a professional killer with tie to organize crime and a extensive police record . he be consider armed and highly dangerous . a guy stand next to chev glance sidelong at he . chev turn to meet he eye . the guy regards he in a stupor , then look down : chev 's hospital johnnie be stick straight out in front , ass hang out the back , a gun in he leave hand , cell phone in he right . he guy look back up at chev be poker face , gulp , and turn back to the wall of screen . the broadcast cut from tape back to the live anchor . anchor ( cont 'd ) we want to get you back to we regularly schedule programming , but keep it tune right here to ABC for continue coverage of this bizarre story as it unfold . announcer ( v.o. ) ( over network graphic ) we now return you to " Dr. phil " ... the tv cut to a talk show in progress . Rather than disperse , the small crowd stay hypnotically glue to the tube . we see in they eye that everyone be go into that tv alpha state thing ... chev shake he head , snap out of it . his heartbeat , barely audible during the broadcast , swell back to full volume , beat like a jackrabbit 's . h e look around and spot a cop on a motorcycle , wait at a stoplight . ext . STREET in front of tv store 67 67 with a last look at the tv drone he break from the crowd and go into stealth mode , darting from car to car in a exaggerated ninja crouch , try to sneak up on the cop . ( continued ) C T T 48 . continued : he come up behind he , transfer he gun and cell phone to one hand , and - heart pounding - reach stealthily for the cop be holster with the other . car horn blare as motorist attempt to warn the cop , who flinch and whip around at the noise - but it 's too late : chev have the gun . he begin to hop around maniacally , taunting the cop , as everyone panic and try to reverse out of the traffic snarl , slamming into fender , drive up onto the sidewalk , etc . chev ( toss the gun up and catch it ) you want it ? you want this ? he cop jump off the bike and try to make a go at he , but jerk back when chev catch the gun . chev hold the gun up like a fetch stick , glue the cop be eye , then fling it 40 foot through the air to splash into a plaza fountain . he cop start after it , then stop short as he see chev dart past he and hop onto he still idling motorcycle . he kick up the stand and revs it . cop you son of a bitch ! the cop make a dive for chev , grab he by the waist as the bike jerk forward . hev start to burn the bike out as the cop hang on , drag . smoke erupt ; black bit of rubber spray like buckshot , pelting the cop . chev do a 360 degree burnout , kick with he leg to keep the bike under control , then jerk , skid , blast off . the cop hang on , cursing , drag , boot smoking , for a half block before he bail out . CUT to : ext road , montage , 30 second later 68 " 68 everybody's talking " by Harry nilsson begins . chev cruise in a out of traffic and people like a Sunday drive , ignore traffic light , stop sign , pedestrian . ( we speed ramp about 20 % to the beat of the song - a undercrank of about 18fp . ) ( continued ) . 49 . continued : he 's so jack up and delusional he decide to try a bare - assed " elevator " on the sidewalk . from the rear peg at about 30 mph he jump up to the gas tank , foot first , stand straight up on the moving bike and put he hand out to he side in a Jesus Christ pose , flash a silhouette in the sun . his heart pound as he fly by crowd of astonished bystander ... .. and crash straight into a patio restaurant full of people . chev flip through the air and land in a cacophony of overturn table and bust dish . a table spin like a coin at he foot . end : " everybody's talking " 6 ext restaurant , moment later 9 69 stun silence hang in the air ; a few food - cover people wander around in daze shock . chev be arm , hand still clutching he cell phone , stick out from under a table . the phone start to ring : bee-dee -dee -deee -dee -deee-dee-dee-dum . from under the table we see chev be eye blink as he come to he sense . he shake off the debris , struggle to he foot and click to answer the phone . chev yeah . eve ( o.s. ) ( sleepy ) hey . do you try to call ? chev let he arm drop to he side , stare blankly at nothing , then bring it back up . CUT to : int eve' apartment , same time 70 70 a room suffuse in amber filter sunlight . eve , a non - traditionally adorable strawberry blond in she mid 20' , yawn - stretch with the phone cradle between ear and bare shoulder . ( continued ) a E 50 . continued : chev ( o.s. ) you have be home all day ? eve I be sleep in . chev ( o.s. ) you be sleep in , that 's great , Eve ... super great ... you all rest now ? ve yep . CUT to : ext restaurant , same time 69a 69a chev ( hold it together ) well , I be glad to hear that . listen , I have be fatally poison , there 's probably a psychopath head over there to torture and kill you as we speak , but do not bother get out of bed , I will be there in a flash ... maybe you could fry I up a waffle or something , kay ? E ve ( o.s. ) ( oblivious ) sure , come on over , I will be here . chev right , you will be there , ok . chev click off . will the while he 's be wrestle the waste motorcycle from the wreckage . it 's smoking , leak oil . he shake he head at a dumfounded waiter , hold up the phone like - " can you believe this ? " ... then climb on the sputter bike and drive off . CUT to : int . verona's crib - day 71 71 cu : verona stare straight down at the camera . reverse : verona's Pov - alex be severe hand , freeze stiff in a trigger - pull position . ( continued ) E C 51 . continued : verona look up at he crew , gather nervously around the room ; lunatic schizo- cycle through a half dozen emotion before arrive at something resembling off -hand , casual , I will have the # 2 Super size with a diet Coke . verona right , so ... let 's go get the bitch . UT to : int eve' apartment , 4 minute later 72 72 eve' pad be nothing like chev be . it 's all cat and incense , warm natural light , a scratchy Van morrison lp play on a real record player . ve , in a cotton nightgown , be in the kitchen , attempt some bit of microwave programming , punch random button and get herself work up . E ve ( to the microwave ) I hate you ... five bang on the door barely distract she . eve ( cont 'd ) just a minute . more bang , insistent . eve ( cont 'd ) alright , alright , Jesus ... she give up on the microwave , go to answer the door . eve ( cont 'd ) ... calm down , what the hell ... it 's chev . he 's dress in a blue adida jogging suit - long sleeve jacket , warm up pants with button down the side , the work . he could not look more out of place in eve' mellow apartment . he 's bath in sweat , wild - eye , hair slicked back like gordon gekko . eve ( cont 'd ) oh. my. god. chev hey doll . ( continued ) 52 . continued : he pull she toward he and kiss she . she accept the kiss gratefully enough with she mouth , but hold both hand out to she side as if touch the jogging suit would kill she . without make eye contact , he break away and push into the apartment , look around everywhere , paranoid . eve be this you new look or something ? chev that 's right . you into it ? eve it 's ... completely appall . very you , chev . chev thank you . he check into the bedroom , satisfy himself that it 's empty . eve be you look for my other boyfriend ? chev ( ignore this ) you have not turn on the tv today , right ? eve no . why ? chev do not think so . listen , we have get to get out of here . eve what be you talk about ? do not be such a freak . chev go to the window , peak through the curtain . eve ( cont 'd ) actually , I be glad you be here . can you change the clock on the microwave ? chev what ? eve I never change it back . ( continued ) C 53 . continued : ( 2 ) chev the microwave . eve yeah . I never change it back . you know , daylight savings time . C hev I buy you some flower , but they get fuck up on the way over here . eve that 's sweet . be you ok ? you look like you be on drug or something . chev you love I , right ? eve yes . chev then I need you to do something for I . eve what be it ? what 's wrong ? chev I need you to put some clothes on and come with I right now . eve but ... I ... chev I will change the clock on the microwave . eve ok . confused , she pad off to the bedroom to change . chev go into the kitchen . he peek out the kitchen window , look around nervously , glance at the microwave , walk up and punch two button . extreme cu : in ultra slo-motion the digital readout on the clock switch from 11 to noon with a sound like a 18 - wheeler be drag on it 's side through a cathedral . hev be vision start to blur . he slump forward , head press against the microwave , try to hold himself up . ( continued ) h S C 54 . continued : ( 3 ) we hear he heart skip , hang for a long moment , then thud again , heavily . hev ( to himself ) that shit 's wear off ... eve ( o.s. ) ( call to he ) oh darn ! I forget , the waffle iron 's on if you want to make one . chev ( call back ) great , great ... he lurch over to the other side of the kitchen ... where a old fashioned - style waffle iron sit , plugge in and start to smoke . he take a deep breath , open the lid , put he hand in and presses the thing close . ound : a stomach churn sear and sizzle . e scream under he breath , stomping on the kitchen floor in agony ... but he heartbeat rocket up again . he pull out he pink , smoking hand and jam it under he armpit , hopping up and down . eve ( o.s. ) you be so stress out , do you want some pot ? chev ( fight to get the word out ) yes . no ! ... thanks ... the waffle iron start to spark from the plug . he yank it out of the wall as eve walk in wear a sun dress and a ribbon in she hair . eve what 's the matter ? chev ( hold it in ) nothing ... burn my hand ... she come up to he , try to pry he hand out from under he arm . E ve oh my God , be you ok ? let I see ... ( continued ) C 55 . continued : ( 4 ) chev it 's nothing ... do not worry about it ... let 's get out of here ... eve come on , let I see ... chev I say I 'm ok , can we just leave ??!! eve ( coldly ) that be just totally uncall for . chev ( exasperate ) I be sorry ... look , can we just ... eve Fine . she turn , grab she purse and walk out the front door in a huff . hev be about to follow she when he notice something out the window - double take , then part the blind to get a better look . a sedan have pull up outside . two hood hop out and split 73 73 up , one come up the front way , the other around back . each one have a right hand tuck into he blazer - they be packing . back to : chev ( under he breath ) shit ! he fly out the door after eve - the door swing shut behind he . int . hallway , eve' build - day 74 74 chev come up behind eve , grab she by the shoulder and turn she around . chev I be park out back . ( continued ) E S 56 . continued : he glance over he shoulder . through the glass security door he see hood # 1 come up the front step . eve stop suddenly in front of she door - chev practically pile into she . eve oh darn ... the thing . she start to dig through she purse for she key . chev the thing . what thing . the hood try the front door - locked . eve ( unlock the door ) the waffle thing . I forget to turn it off . he open the door and walk in . chev try to speak , cough up some unintelligible stacato nonsense . ext . front porch , eve' build - day 75 75 the hood run he finger down the directory list to : E. lydon - 101 ... and then across to the keypad , peel -and -stick label : 7 enter + apt . # to dial int . hallway , eve' build - day 6 76 chev be slack - jawed . Inside the apartment , the phone begins to ring . ve ( o.s. ) alright , alright ...! chev shake he head in disbelief ; steel himself - then turn and walk quickly down the hall to the front door . int . eve' apartment , continuous 77 77 fluster , eve pick up the phone . eve hello ? T E E T 57 . ext . front porch , eve' build - day 78 78 the door slam OPEN . the hood whirl to see chev , grim as a motherfucker , six inches from he face . he scramble for he gun - oo late . chev be hand flash forward , palm connect with the bridge of the nose - drop he instantly . ve ( o.s. ) ( through the intercom ) hello ? hello ? alright , very funny ... the hood drop to he knee , eye roll back in he head , blood rush from he nose . chev glance quickly around for witness - then back into the hallway , let the door swing shut behind he . int . hallway , eve' build - day 79 79 eve pop out . ve I hate that ... chev be wait by the door , block she view of the front entrance , smile somewhat crazily . chev you try to burn down the building ? she give he a look , then turn and head down the hall . chev hustle after she . chev ( cont 'd ) whoa whoa whoa ... ext . rear exit , eve' build - day 80 80 he building open out back into a small parking area . trash bin line the brick wall , ready for pick up . chev and eve be leave when chev see the other hood come around the corner , less than ten feet away . chev grab the back of eve' purse and turn it upside down , spilling the content all over the concrete . she spin around , just miss C sight of the hood . hev aww , damn it , I be sorry baby ... ( continued ) T E W 58 . continued : eve ( irritate ) Nice one . she drop down to gather up she thing , as the hood come fully around the corner and meet eye with chev . ithout hesitation , chev hurdle eve and catch the hood be wrist as he pull out he gun . ve ( cont 'd ) ( oblivious ) I swear to God , chev , I do not know what you be on this day but it be not work for you ... chev wrestle himself around the hood , keep the gun at a distance with one hand , he other hand cup over the hood be mouth , head -lock he . they leg interlock , jostling for leverage . he gun drift down toward eve - chev wrench it up as the trigger squeezy . silencer . the shot whizze over eve' head and through a nearby window : plink ! int . senior citizen' apartment - continuous 81 81 a parakeet in a cage by the window disappear in a puff of feather . 8 2 82 ext . rear exit , eve' build - continuous from overhead , the camera corkscrews clockwise as chev wrench the hood be neck counterclockwise , snap it . eve you know , I could use a little help here . chev shove the hood be body into a dumpster just as eve turn ... chev snatch up the first thing he see - a grime encrust plastic shower cap - and hold it up lamely . chev be this yours ? eve roll she eye , look around . eve where 's you car ? ( continued ) W 8 F 59 . continued : chev my car . actually ... I take a cab . ext . down the block - day 83 83 a police motorcycle be tip over on a lawn , cough up black smoke , spew oil . a crowd of mexican be gather around , gape . lame start to shoot up from the motorcycle ; the crowd scatter , ducking for cover . ext L.A. chinatown , 8 minute later 4 84 montage : Chinatown be bustling with activity . vendor haggle ... worker hustle down the sidewalk with basket of chicken , side of meat ... tourist wander ... motorist argue and punch they horn ... and the lunch hour crowd converge on a hundred eatery ... e hear a million heartbeat , old , young ... even fast tick chicken heartbeat , all overlap , blend together in a swell din of live thing . the voyeuristic camera pick chev and eve up through the crowd . chev be wear dark glass to go with he 80' hair E and jogger . ve you be embarrassing . chev you know , I do not have a lot of time to pick this out ... eve hm . so why be we here ? int noodle house , moment later 85 85 chev sit across from eve in a tiny restaurant . a equally tiny vietnamese woman bring they menus . chev pull a little bottle of nas - all out of he pocket and snort the entire thing , grotesquely , at the table . it do not help much . he shake out he head , bang he fist on the table and sit up in he chair . chev ( hold he finger up to indicate quotation mark ) ( more ) ( continued ) C C C 60 . continued : chev ( cont 'd ) " this be not go to be easy " ... as they say ... eve flinch at the sight of he burn , waffle pattern palm . he notice , draw it back . chev ( cont 'd ) alright , here it be . I tell you I be a video game programmer . that be a lie . actually ... UT to : int thousand crane , kitchen - night ( flashback ) chev' dialog continue over the flashback . chev be retrieve a hidden gun from the kitchen , check the clip , the barrel , the action , and slip out a side door into a red corridor past two chinese men in black suit . chev ( v.o. ) I kill people . I be a professional hitman . I freelance for a major West Coast crime syndicate . CUT to : int thousand crane , private room - night ( flashback ) don kim sit at the head of the table , drink alone . chev ( v.o. ) last night be a job like a hundred other . a high dollar hit . nothing special . chev walk up behind he , gun draw to the back of kim be head ... cock the hammer back . don kim spin around in shock , the same reaction we see in the scene 1 flashback - frozen , saucer -eyed . hev be eye steel ... he finger tighten ... hev ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and then out of nowhere this insane idea come in through the back of my head like a .45 slug at close range ... S ilence hang heavy in the room ... chev hold the gun to don kim be head , paralyze with indecision . don kim well ? what be you wait for ? ( continued ) I I C 61 . continued : with a last grimace like even he can not believe what he 's do , chev let he gun hand drop slowly to he side . hev congratulation . don kim do I win something ? chev you life , jackass . ( beat ) a hundred grand want you dead , so sooner or later it 's go to happen . but I be not do it . don kim I see . chev nstead , you be go to do something for I . you be go to get out of town . disappear . I do not care where you go , I do not care what you do , so long as you be invisible for 48 hour . that 's all I ask . don kim ( incredulous ) 48 hour . chev or if you prefer , we can do it the other way , the way where I go to work and you go meet buddah . CUT to : int noodle house , moment later chev lean back in he chair and slam one of the leg down onto he foot . eve flinch . chev see : I quit . I quit the business . for you . eve for I ? chev figure I call you that night . I tell you everything . you understand . ( more ) ( continued ) E T J E ( 62 . continued : chev ( cont 'd ) we get on a plane together and leave all this shit behind . never come back . shrug ) pretty crazy , huh ? ve you be so weird . be we go on a trip ? chev stare at she blankly , then shake he head to clear it . chev yeah , well ... I may be go on a trip , but you be not come with I ... eve I do not understand . CUT to : ext chinatown , outdoor plaza , moment later 86 86 eve storm out of the restaurant , let the door slam behind she . chev follow , staggering like a drunk man . he catch up to she and grab she arm . chev Eve ... baby ... please ! she spin on he . eve mob hit , chev ? chinese poison ? do you know how ridiculous you sound ? if you be go to break up with I , at least you can tell I the truth . chev you think it sound crazy ? how do you think I feel - I have gotta live this shit ... ust then the camera slam through chev' transparent chest - he heart seem to grind down and stall , mid - pump , as the poison' progress move another clock tick forward . he camera pull violently out of chev be chest cavity - he look like someone just fire a cannonball into he gut ... face white as a dinner plate ... it 's the worst we have see he yet . ve oh my God , chev ... what 's the matter with you ? ( continued ) I 63 . continued : he look around like a drown man . people everywhere , but start to disperse as lunch hour dwindle . the world start to spin . chev ... just need ... chev fall to he knee , pull she down with he . eve chev , you be scare I . chev ( get a desperate idea ) wait a minute . do you trust I ? eve no. chev make love to I . eve what ? chev come on . I think it will help . eve help what ? he start grab at she . she push he hand away . eve ( cont 'd ) get off ! be you kid I ? chev take you clothes off . eve no ! chev you always say you want to be more spontaneous . E ve you be insane . you be like some adrenaline junkie with no soul . chev save I , Eve . save my life . ( continued ) E N T 64 . continued : ( 2 ) chev start feel up eve' ass . eve stop it ! she slug he in the mouth . his head snap back ; he come up hold he lip . eve ( cont 'd ) oh my God , chev ! she reach instinctively to comfort he and he lunge forward , tear at she dress . hey roll around on the ground , scratch and claw at one another . a curious crowd gather round . eve start to flip out , scream and pounding on he with she fist like a crazy woman . ext thing you know she 's kissing and bite he mouth , breathless , still pound with she fist . eve ( cont 'd ) you filthy animal ... she reach down and start fumble with he pants . he help . the onlooker ' eye widen , mom cover the kid ' face . eve ( cont 'd ) take I right here in front of everyone . chev' heartbeat start to pick up . he lift she dress and position himself on top of she . eve be completely out of she head , eye close , leg up in the air like a porn star . E ve ( cont 'd ) that 's it ... do it ... chev thrust . ve ( cont 'd ) come on , put it in I ... he thrust again . eve 's eye pop open . eve ( cont 'd ) what be you wait for ? chev look down at he equipment , then up at eve , helplessly . ( continued ) C W a 65 . continued : ( 3 ) eve ( cont 'd ) ( incredulously ) tell I you be joke . now you can not get it up ? chev ( determine ) I will fuck get it up ! with a surge of energy he lift she off the ground , drag she over to a newspaper machine on the street - the crowd part to let they through - and bend she over it . he try again to enter she . eve God damn it , chev ...! chev shut up ! he start to spank she . she respond with a moan . a certain portion of the crowd spontaneously break into applause . chev pick up the pace . eve begin make primal cry . busload of japanese girl pull up - tourist in match red uniform - gape out the window with slack jaw amazement . ith the crowd cheer and traffic stop , chev get a shot of adrenaline and go for break . eve shriek like a banshee as he enter she . chev ( cont 'd ) i'm still alive ! i'm still alive !!! chev' heartbeat be slamm , he 's really give it to she , make full eye contact with the busload of tourist the entire time . chev double he effort , desperately fight for the climax , when ... bee-dee -dee -deee -dee -deee-dee-dee-dum . hev ( cont 'd ) what be that ? eve oh God ... oh God ... yes ... bee-dee -dee -deee -dee -deee -dee -dee -dum . chev' cellphone . ( continued ) 8 66 . continued : ( 4 ) chev shit ! chev reach for the E phone . ve what be you do ?!! chev put the phone up to he ear . chev yeah . split screen with : int don kim' shirt factory , same time 87 87 cu of kaylo be face . kaylo I have get verona . we see that kaylo be duct tape to a office chair in what appear to be a old warehouse , knife to he neck , hold by unseen captor . he 's be badly beat up . 6a 86a ext STREET , chinatown , same time chev be still go through the motion with eve , but he attention have shift 100 % to the voice on the phone . chev kaylo ? kaylo ( v.o. ) I have get verona , man . chev yank it out and pull up he pants . eve what ??? chev no shit . where be you ? int don kim' shirt factory , same time 87a 87a kaylo sweat , look off camera . a hand press the knife closer to he throat . kaylo Don Kim 's shirt factory . upstair . 67 . ext STREET , chinatown , same time 86b 86b chev finish zipping up . eve ( furious , in disbelief ) what 's the matter with you ?!! chev ( to eve ) shh. ( to kaylo ) downtown ? int don kim' shirt factory , same time 87b 87b kaylo ( gulp ) yeah . 86c 86c ext STREET , chinatown , same time chev be demeanor change to a icy slow burn . he hold eve back with one arm as she try to get at he , flipping out . chev listen to I . you do not let that motherfucker out of you sight . I will be there in ten minute . you get that ? kaylo ( close to break into tear ) ok , chevy ... chev out . end split screen . CUT to : int don kim' shirt factory , moment later 88 88 kaylo look up at he captor , miserably , as the phone click off . the camera instantly flash down to a low wide angle , look straight up as a bag be throw over kaylo be head and two unidentifiable man close in on he , lift the chair off the ground ... then take its time move slowly down to reveal kaylo be foot , bicycling wildly , then twitching , finally just dangle ... both in fishnet and high heele pump . one pump fall to the concrete as kaylo go still ... h S 68 . ext STREET , chinatown , same time 86d 86d chev turn he attention back to eve . chev I have to go . please understand . eve no. chev. I do not understand . chev spot a flash of blue - cop make they way through the crowd . chev hit ! he break away run , leave eve strand half naked in the street , hold she tear dress up amidst a sea of gape chinese . eve ( scream after he ) you'll burn in hell for this !!! chev ( shouting back , voice trail off ) I will call you ! 89 89 int chinatown cab , 5 minute later chev sit in the back , fade . lub ... dub ... lubbbb ... haitian cabbie , 30' , in a sleeveless black mesh T-shirt . haitian cabbie ( heavy accent ) hey . e adjust the mirror to get a look at chev . chev look like hell - cold sweat , woozy , glass - eye . haitian cabbie ( cont 'd ) hey man . what 's the matter with you ? you a crackhead ? chev right ... just step on it , alright ? ( continued ) C h 69 . continued : haitian cabbie hey , you not gonna die in my cab , crackhead . the haitian cabbie open up he glove compartment and take something out . chev be eye widen . a gun ? haitian cabbie ( cont 'd ) I get something for you . as the cabbie turn around chev experience a flash hallucination : the cabbie' face be paint like a psychedelic voodoo skull in glowing black light paint . he be grin crazily . chev flinch in horror , but just like that the cabbie be back to normal . he hand chev a vial of liquid . haitian cabbie ( cont 'd ) you drink this haitian shit , crackhead . this right here be some hardcore shit . make from plant shit . chev ( laugh ) Nice . haitian cabbie ( irritate ) what be you laugh at ? look at this ! he flexe a huge bicep . aitian cabbie ( cont 'd ) you see that ? that 's what a man look like , crackhead . that 's the power . now look at you . hev narrow he eye at the cabbie , then shake he head . chev what the hell . he twist open the little vial and downs it in one gulp . chev ( cont 'd ) ( grimace ) tastes like ass . haitian cabbie that 's right , devil . you wait . ( continued ) T L T 70 . continued : ( 2 ) chev roll he eye and lean against the door , face press against the window glass . raffic flash by at high speed then cut to slo mo : the camera ramp down to 120 f.p.s as a car roll by chev be taxi . a little boy who could be young version of chev himself ride in the back seat . they make eye contact as the car cross path . chev find himself drift into a dream state . flash CUT to : int cab , time unknown 92 C 92 hev be eye be glaze , stare through the window . he notice something strange in the cab be rear view mirror - something red . chev be eye widen . CUT to : ext cab , time unknown 93 93 wide shot : the cab cruise by ... a low sound build to a deafening roar ... follow the cab , a giant red pacman ghost rumble down the street , animated , two dimensional ... CUT to : 94 94 int cab , day chev jerk awake , and back to he sense . haitian cabbie we be here . ubdub ... lubdub ... lubdub ... lubdub ... steady . chev focus he eye on the empty vial . chev what would you say be in this stuff ? haitian cabbie I tell you : it 's hardcore . hey pull up to the sidewalk in front of a run down , 40' era warehouse building at the outskirt of the LA Garment District . chev get out . ( continued ) h 71 . continued : chev ( still shaking it off ) wow . aitian cabbie five fifty five . chev dig through eve' purse , which he would be hold in he lap the whole time , pull out a fifty and hand it to the cabbie . the cabbie dig for change . chev it 's all you , man . keep it . haitian cabbie have a nice day , devil . chev put the purse over he shoulder , turn to take a look at the building . chev right ... CUT to : int don kim' shirt factory , upstair , same time 95 95 high angle : from a upper floor window someone be watch chev survey the building as the cab pull away . CUT to : 96 96 ext don kim' shirt factory , same time chev walk toward the front door , then stop short . chev ( to himself ) wait a minute , wait a minute ... he glance toward the upper window . chev ( cont 'd ) ( suddenly suspicious ) this be fuck . he change direction , head around the side of the building . CUT to : int don kim' shirt factory , upstair , same time 97 97 chev disappear . ( continued ) C 72 . continued : hood # 1 ( o.s. ) where 's he go ? CUT to : ext don kim' shirt factory , same time 98 98 chev come up on a load platform . Korean worker be load box out of the building into the back of truck in the sweltering heat . he walk by they into the building without make eye contact with anyone . they barely notice . 9 int don kim' shirt factory , packing room , same time 9 99 he skirt the pack floor and head to a dilapidate freight elevator , get on , start up . int freight elevator , same time 100 100 the front and ceiling of the elevator be open , expose the shaft , the cable and the pass floor ; he reach the 4th floor , head up ... hundred of korean sit at sewing machine , all run at once , a mind numb din ... window paint over black , chip and crack in place with shard of light slice through ... slow turn ceiling fan and long row of fluorescent light beat down on the table ... hev hop off and let the elevator keep go . int don kim' shirt factory , 4th floor , second later 101 101 the camera follow chev through the room , along the hum row of sewing machine . he cross from one side of the room to another , where a single open window lead out to the fire escape stream sunlight . a supervisor , Korean , skinny , mid-thirty , stringy mustache , be doze off in a chair by the window . chev walk right by , out the window and onto the fire escape . the camera stay with he . ext FIRE escape , continuous 102 102 chev beat he head into the brick wall , climb up the fire escape , skip the next floor up , get onto the roof . C 73. ext roof , second later 103 103 chev duck behind a big ventilation duct . hood # 2 , mid 40' , stocky , be lean over the edge of the building on the opposite side , look for something - presumably chev - hold a cell phone up to he ear . his fold jacket and gun sit on the ledge beside he . we recognize the hood from carlito be place ; he be one of the man loitering around the pool . chev sneak up . hood # 2 how the hell should I know ? he go in where they load the box . alright , alright ... h e click off - and chev be on he , snatching up the hood be gun , spin he around and poke it into the soft flesh under he chin . chev ( sarcastically ) hey , what a coincidence , you like this spot too ? hood # 2 chevy ! shit ! hev what the fuck be this , you work for the chinese now ? hood # 2 the chinese ... be you crazy ? chev yeah I be . where 's kaylo ? hood # 2 chevy ... I be sorry , man ... I do not ... chev ( lose he patience ) ok , ding , time 's up ... in one quick motion he grab ahold of one of the hood be leg , hoist he up over the ledge and tip he off the side of the build , then turn and head for the roof access door ... ( continued ) L C h h h 1 74 . continued : hood # 2 ( o.s. ) ( fall ) you son of a ... ! ... long second later , a thud . int don kim' shirt factory , 5 th floor , moment later 04 104 the 5th floor be a little use storage level - stack box , dusty file cabinet , garbage everywhere ... starkly light with harsh overhead fixture as old as the building itself . we recognize this as the room kaylo call from ... more so because he limp body be still duct tape to the roll office chair , now lie on its side in the middle of the room . a half dozen more hood be gather in front of the freight elevator when chev appear behind they , take everyone by surprise . e 's stand over kaylo be body , gun draw , eve' bead purse still sling over he shoulder , pissing FIRE . chev alright , where be that motherfucker ? the hood be completely take by surprise ; they back away from chev , spread out . ood # 3 uh ... hey , chev. the hood act almost guilty ... it 's obvious everyone know each other . chev what the fuck be this ? ood # 1 chevy , baby , take it easy . chev point the gun at hood # 1's head ; the other raise they gun at he . hev ike this ? where' verona ? hood # 1 verona get nothing to do with this . chev what ? ( continued ) 75 . continued : hood # 1 Don carlos want you off the street . chev ( stunne ) carlito ? hood # 1 you have totally lose you shit , dude ... you be all over the tv ... destroy property , make unauthorize hit ... you be cause the organization a great deal of embarrassment . chev gesture toward kaylo in disbelief . chev carlito order this ? hood # 1 ( ignore it ) look , forget about verona . we will take care of he . the best thing for you to do be to find a nice , dark , quiet place and just ... die . chev just die . hood # 1 yeah . just ... die . chev' heartbeat start to slow . the wooden elevator start down . he look around , make eye contact with the other hood ... chev maybe you be right . ... then down to kaylo be crumpled body . he see the stock foot , the pump ... he heart start to jitter - thudub ... lub ... thudub ... he vision double ... he start to swoon ... hood # 1 ( rationalize ) I mean we all gotta die sometime , right ? hood # 1 snicker . the other share a tense laugh . chev that 's true ... we all gotta die ... ( continued ) C k C 76 . continued : ( 2 ) chev stumble , prop himself up with one hand . chev ( cont 'd ) right ... so ... let 's all die ... hood # 1 eh ? chev bring up he gun in the blink of a eye , draw a bead on hood # 1 and be about to set off a shoot gallery , when the elevator bell chime and the door slide OPEN . eve walk in ... look around , and freeze . they all turn to look . hood # 1 ( cont 'd ) what the ...? chev afford himself about a second and a half of bug - eyed SHOCK before snap out of it and dropping hood # 1 instantly with a shot to the head . haos break out as the other dive for cover and start blast . chev yank kaylo be chair up and shove it toward the hood - then make a break for the elevator shaft , grab eve as he go . aylo be body screen chev and eve as they run , take hit , finally toppling over again . chev take out another hood on the run , nail he right between the eye . hev turn he back on the hood , cover eve , as they make a dive into the open elevator shaft and take a bullet in the ass . chev ow ! he spin and empty he clip at the hood , who hit the deck . eve hold he ass as chev look down the open elevator shaft . the elevator be half a floor down , move slow . he grab eve , then the cable ... they jump for it . 1 int don kim' shirt factory , 4th floor , second later 05 105 chev and eve hit the floor of the move elevator with a crash and roll out onto the 4th floor . the worker be all in a panic , stand by they sewing machine - they have obviously hear the shot . the supervisor be walk around , shove they back into they seat , scream at everyone in Korean to keep work . ( continued ) C 77 . continued : the supervisor , all of five foot , walk right up to chev and eve , and start scream at they in break English . supervisor you ! asshole ! what you want ! eve completely flip out and start shout down the little man . eve don't talk to I like that !! my boyfriend kill people !!! chev Nice . the door on the far end of the room bust OPEN and hood pour in from the stairwell . they spot he . chev and eve duck low and start hoof it down the row of machine toward the window . the hood fan out . they play cat and mouse in the maze of sewing machine and korean while the supervisor , oblivious , continue scream and force the worker back into they chair . chev put a finger to eve' lip , calming she momentarily ... ... then come up behind a youngish hood and shove the hood be gun hand under a vicious look sewing machine at least fifty year old , operate by a Korean woman even older . the rusty thing puncture he hand over and over as he scream , jumping up and down , unable to get free . hev grab the gun . they make for the fire escape . ext FIRE escape , second later 106 106 they reach the bottom of the ladder and be pinned down by gunfire from above . chev give she a look that say it all . eve I have to see if you be tell the truth ... oh , and you have my purse . chev notice the purse still over he shoulder , take it off and hand it to she . with a quick upward glance he break cover and squeeze off 4 shot , nail two hood on the fire escape . chev come on ! wait - ( continued ) W N 78 . continued : she freeze - one of the dead hood land with a thud in the spot she would have be - chev ( cont 'd ) ... ok , now come on . eve be pale as a sheet . she step over the body like she be avoid a particularly large pile of cow shit ... chev grab she hand and yank she along . he spot eve' car park backward across the street and they make a desperate run for it as more shot whiz and ricochet off the pavement . eve be rifling through she purse as they run . naturally chev assume she 's look for the car keys . eve darn it , I forget to take my birth control pill . chev answer the gunfire with shot of he own , buy they a few second , then grab the purse and shake the content out onto the ground . of key . chev here 's the key ? E ve hold out she hand , where she 's have they all along . chev ( cont 'd ) ( take they ) cool . eve my stuff ... she look like she 's about to wander around , gather up she thing , when another volley of shot blows out the passenger window of the car . chev pick eve up like a sack of grain and throws her , head first , through the passenger window , into the car , then run around the other side , hop in and peel out . int . eve' car - day eve get herself turn upright and stare at chev , hair full of windshield glass . ( continued ) T E h 79 . continued : eve you be not lie . chev welcome to my life . eve ( head over heel in love ) no , I mean : that you be go to give it all up for I . chev oh. yeah . eve and the other part ? chev the poison ? yeah , that 's true too . e slam he fist against the wheel . eve ( crack ) then ... that mean ... chev pretty much . eve how can we stop it ? chev adrenaline . it 's the only thing that slow it down . ve ( get it ) so ... when we be in Chinatown ...? chev yeah . sorry . a look of determination come over she . she reach for he crotch . chev ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? eve he will get you go . ( continued ) E 80 . continued : ( 2 ) chev what ? eve come on , let 's finish what you start . chev be eye flash to the rearview mirror and go wide . he grab the back of eve' head and push it down into he lap - just as a bullet slice through the rear windshield and out the front . eve' head stays down . chev oh boy ... chev be strain against the seat , evasive drive as she goe down on he . chev ( cont 'd ) oh yeah , that 's ... that 's really work for I ... eve be head pop up . E ve ( work he up ) you like that ? Shots whiz by . chev stay down . he push she head back down . chev be heart be pounding like a jackhammer . he 's get himself arched into a crazy position , make it happen . chev ( cont 'd ) that 's it that 's it that 's it ... just a little ... eve be head quickly pop back up . she push away . chev ( cont 'd ) ( flustered ) what 's the matter ? ve ( satisfied ) so you can fall asleep like you always do ? I do not think so . ( continued ) I h E 81 . continued : ( 3 ) chev lose he mind . he slam the brake to put the car into a slide , expose he driver side to the pursue sedan - punch he gun hand out the window and blast away . he nail the driver between the eye ... the window disintegrate ... the sedan full of hood skid into the sidewalk . steam pour from the radiator . xt . CITY STREET - day chev get out and walk directly up to the sedan , one hand hold he gun straight out in front of he , the other pulling up he jogging pant , which be bunched up around he knee . chev unload the entire clip into the sedan before any of the hood can react . e walk back to eve' car , cool as a cucumber , get in and pull away . nt. eve' car - day eve' face have turn a distinct shade of pale GREEN . eve be they ... ok ? chev look at she like she 's nut . chev they be dead . eve be overwhelm . eve how can you ... how can you do that ...? chev barely hear she - he 's become distracted , flex he leave hand and feel around he leg . chev I tell you , baby ... I quit . he spot something , hit the brake . chev ( cont 'd ) wait here . he jump out . h S 82. 122 ext . sidewalk - day 122 chev almost collapse when he foot hit the ground . it seem like the leave half of he body have simply stop work . chev Jesus Christ ! now what ...? he unsnap the button of the warm - up pants to reveal that he leave leg have turned grey . he 's half dead . eve what 's the matter ? chev ( point at she ) stay . they have pull up across the street from a hardware store . chev drag he carcass across the street , oblivious to the traffic swerving and brake to avoid he , and stumble in . eve stay in the car for a few second , look lose , then pull herself together and get out . she follow chev be path , crossing the street through traffic . tore employees and customer start bail out of the store in a panic as she approach the front door . she walk through they and inside . int hardware store , second later 123 123 eve dream - walk through the store , past the register , follow chev be trail of blood - smear footprint . a pimple - face stock clerk blow by she , not look back . stock clerk he 's get a gun ! she turn the corner and there 's chev - he 's propped up in the middle of a aisle in front of a bin of nail , hammer in one hand ... e's already hammer six framing nail into he leg and be busy pounding in number seven . he look up at she , eye wild . ( continued ) 83 . continued : chev I can not feel my leg . eve be speechless . SOUND : bee-dee -dee -deee -dee -deee-dee-dee-dum . at first chev do not understand where the SOUND be come from ... he look around as if a red ghost might glide around a random corner any second ... then realize he cell be in he pocket . he answer it . chev ( cont 'd ) h ello ? doc mile chevy ! Holy shit , man , I have be try to reach you for a half hour . chev where be you ? CUT to : int chocolate's apartment , simultaneous 124 124 doc be call from the break down apartment we see earlier . chocolate be kick back on a wear , brown imitation leather sofa in the background , watch tv . doc mile I be at my office . can you get here ? CUT to : int hardware store , simultaneous 125 125 siren approach outside . chev meet eve' eye , shake he head : unbelievable . chev sure , why not ? fade to black . int chocolate's apartment , 9 minute later 126 126 a iv bag bubbles , a portable heart monitor beep . the camera follow the drip down to chev be arm . he 's lie on the brown sofa , wheeze thickly . some kind of Court tv show play on the tube in the background . ( continued ) ( C 84 . continued : doc mile crouch beside chev , examine the heart monitor , shake he head . hev I owe you again , doc. doc mile you be my best customer . chev gesture with he head at the iv ) what be this stuff ? doc mile synthetic ephedrine , dilute with saline . chev it feel sort of good . doc mile oh , I also give you a little meth . that 's the endorphin rush into to you brain that you be feel . chev so I be not ... better ? doc mile fuck no . you be in such shit shape it 's stun . I have never see a heart take this kind of punishment and keep tick . you should be in a fuck medical journal or something . chev so ... what be you go to do ? doc just shrug . doc mile the solution I be give you be act as a competitive inhibitor ... meaning it push the poison out of you receptor and replace it with a chemical ... it 's a temporary fix ... chev then what ? ( continued ) I I 85 . continued : ( 2 ) doc mile look , if we put you on life support we could maybe string you out for a few day , but at some point you would almost certainly lapse into a coma ... and then ... and now it hit chev for the first time : this be really it . he seem like he might break down . chev ( cock he head toward the next room ) do she know ? CUT to : int . bedroom , chocolate's apartment - day eve and chocolate be sit cross -legge on the mattress , stare blankly at the tv . eve ( no inflection ) I hate television . chocolate look sideways at she : the white girl be crazy . not . chocolate's apartment - day doc shake he head no . chev brood silently . doc mile for you want , I can load you up with something , you will go out in a beautiful dream . chev a dream . flash CUT : a red ghost , pulsing . doc mile ( gently ) can I do that for you , chev ? chev no ... no , that 's not what I want . doc mile then ... what ? ( continued ) 86 . continued : chev be moment of weakness pass . his face go grim with vengeance as the mean bastard inside he kick in . he look doc mile in the eye . chev one hour . doc mile regards he blankly . chev ( cont 'd ) I want one hour . CUT to : int humvee limousine , day 127 127 ricky verona and he crew be in the back , watch a noisy satellite feed on dual plasma tv screen . a japanese girl in a red blazer , one of the tourist from the bus , be be interview in japanese amidst a crowd of she semi-identical friend . a translation be overdubbe . japanese girl the girl giggle . japanese girl ( cont 'd ) verona roll he eye . verona give I a fuck break ... the broadcast cut to a montage : the trash restaurant , the burn Police motorcycle , the car crash into the mall escalator , police sifting through wreckage , finally the sketch of chev be face . 1 announcer ( v.o. ) 27 127 and so the wild rampage that begin at 9 am this morning in West Los Angeles continue , with the mysterious suspect still at large . hood maybe we shoulda give he more of that chinese shit . ( continued ) V 87 . continued : verona ( sarcastic ) oh ... you think ? Jesus ... his cell phone ring . he check it . verona ( cont 'd ) ( shaking he head in disbelief ) it 's he . alright , shut up . he answer . verona ( cont 'd ) what 's up , corpse . chev hey douchebag , think you might be interested in a little deal . erona a deal ? you be mental , dude . chev I want the antidote . verona oh , the antidote , huh ? verona make eye contact with he crew , cover the mouthpiece of the phone ; they all try to keep from break up . chev that 's right . verona and what be you prepare to give I . asshole . chev how about the jewelry I get off you faggot brother , you cocksucker ? this sting verona . he pull the phone away from he face , look at it like he want to smash it into bit , then pull himself together and put it back to he ear . verona ( hold back , tight lipped ) hmmm . chev think about it ? ( continued ) 88 . continued : ( 2 ) verona pantomime jack off for the boy . verona alright . chev you like that deal ? verona whatever . chev I will be at downtown Standard in twenty minute . you know the spot ? verona of course . chev do not be late , or I will trade this thing to some whore for a hand job ... verona ( cut he off ) I will be there . he click off , then sit there , seethe . verona ( cont 'd ) ( to the boyz ) what the hell be you look at ? they turn back toward the plasma screen . verona take a deep breath , then speed dial a number on the cell phone . V erona ( cont 'd ) verona . you be not go to believe the call I just get . CUT to : ext los angele , day 129 129 montage to music : more of L.A. at 3 f.p.s. - the traffic flow , train zap by , commuter commute , everything at a thousand mile a hour . chev ( o.c . ) it 's go to be alright , baby . then : E 89 . ext los angele , day 130 130 from a distance , in a lock off telephoto frame , we see chev walk toward the camera in slow motion , 100 f.p.s . dialog from a unseen conversation be layer over the image . eve ( o.c. ) but ... you say ... chev ( o.c. ) I know . but thing have change . there 's a antidote . I can make a deal for it , but I have get to go alone . he 's well dress in a sportcoat , slack , button down shirt and tie , flap in the wind ... sunglass , and look of brutal determination on he face ... ve ( o.c. ) I be scared . chev ( o.c . ) of course . but you will be safe now . and I will be back . in a series of dissolves he come straight at the camera till he face fill the frame ... end music . CUT to : ext . chocolate's apartment - earlier eve look up into chev be eye , absolutely vulnerable , absolutely stunning . pale sunlight punch through the half roll blind . eve do you promise ? chev meet she gaze . chev I promise . CUT to : ext standard HOTEL , downtown los angele - day 131 131 chev bang through the revolve glass door to the hotel . ( continued ) R 1 I 90 . continued : the camera shift to a rough handheld Pov , similar to the shot that start the film . the music be replace by the SOUND of chev be labor breathing and heartbeat . the Pov double , go in and out of focus . n one continuous shot he approach the standard HOTEL and walk past the valet into the retro -mod lobby . int lobby , standard HOTEL - continuous 132 132 the shot continue as chev move through the lobby and make a beeline for the restroom . scatter around be hard look dude pretend to read newspaper ... he pass they by , avoid eye contact . int bathroom , standard HOTEL - continuous 33 133 the bathroom be empty . he walk into a stall , shut the door and open he coat - we see a pager - size device clipped to he belt - a green LED be illuminate . everse : chev adjust a tiny knob on the device . his face be shiny with perspiration . he pull out he shirt tail ... we see that a small tube run from the device to a needle insert in the base of C spine , tape up with white adhesive . hev tuck the shirt back carefully , take a series of deep breath and leave the stall . int lobby , standard HOTEL - continuous 134 134 he bang open the door to the restroom and push past three of the dude , who be about to go in . they let he pass , try to avoid attention . chev make he way to the elevator , hit the up button . the door open , he get on . the dude watch from the lobby . int elevator , standard HOTEL - continuous 135 135 a japanese businessman - early 5as , compact and under five foot , immaculately groom - hustle on as the door slide shut . he stand opposite chev against the wall and stare at he , expressionless . chev what 's happen , brother ? silence . ( continued ) a 91 . continued : chev take a small bottle of pill from he coat pocket and swallow they dry . he close he eye and lean against the wall to steady himself as the effect of the pill wash over he . n unexpected voice break the silence . karen chelios where do I go wrong ? chev be eye SNAP OPEN . the japanese businessman stare back , impassively . chev ( weird out ) do you say something ? now the japanese businessman answer - but when he move he lip , it 's the voice of a woman in her 40s . karen chelios like talk to the wall ... C hev Mom ? karen chelios I be amaze you remember you have a mother . chev shake he head in disbelief , try to clear he eye , but the hallucination persist . karen chelios ( cont 'd ) you never call , you never write ... I have not see you since you run out at 16 ... chev ( fall right into it ) right , with you pop valium like tic tacs and balling some new asshole every two week ... why would not I stick around for entertainment like that ? karen chelios that 's hurtful . chev be a instant ball of regret . ( continued ) y o 92 . continued : ( 2 ) chev ( exasperate ) Mom , I get no time for this ... the japanese businessman cut he off - this time the voice be orlando be . orlando you get no time , period . chev Orlando ? rlando ou a persistent motherfucker , chev chelios , I will give you that . chev ( reacting ) this be weird . orlando but you know this have get to stop sometime . what do you think you be , Michael myer ? they pop you and you just keep gettin up ? chev I be the terminator . the japanese businessman do another transformation - this time into alex . alex you be that , maybe . but there 's a new gun in town . chev do not tell I you be talk about you bro , definitely lepard . alex he do you pretty good , do not he ? chev yeah , not so much . I do not get it - why do not you guy just cut I up alive when you have the chance ? alex verona say you be chev chelios - a.k.a. death on two leg . ( more ) ( continued ) T C a 93 . continued : ( 3 ) alex ( cont 'd ) he say you probably be a contract killer since grade school . 's he speak , alex be voice transform again , this time into chev be ... he 's now talk to a mirror of himself ... mirror chev bipolar . sadomasochistic tendency . adrenaline junkie . addicted to violence ... probably spend every day of he life look for the big thrill , the big rush . cut up a guy like that while he scream in he own blood and excrement would be like ... like a gift ... a warrior 's death ... hell , you would probably get off on it ... hev do you rehearse this ? mirror chev no , this be the best way for a guy like you : a slow , tick clock ... wind down ... inevitable ... non-negotiable ... until ... chev ( cut he off ) who the hell be you , anyway ? mirror chev do not you know ? chev ( soberly ) I think I be start to figure it out . mirror chev yeah , well , better late than never . ( conversational ) you know you be go to die up there . chev ( cold ) yeah , maybe . he camera hold chev be gaze for a long moment , unflinch . chev ( cont 'd ) but I be take you with I . reverse , cu : the japanese businessman have transformed into a giant blue ghost , pulsing silently . ( continued ) 94 . continued : ( 4 ) CUT to : wide angle two shot , chev and the flat , two dimensional , computer animated ghost , face each other at opposite end of the elevator . SOUND : the chime sound , signal they have reach the top floor . C hev glance at the light floor number display , then back . the japanese man stare back at he , blank . chev ( cont 'd ) ( under he breath ) some pill , doc. the japanese man ignore he . when the door open , he hustle off ... past two goons , who be wait there for chev . they each take a arm . chev ( cont 'd ) easy ... goon this way . int restaurant , standard HOTEL - continuous 136 136 the goons lead chev through a posh dining area , down a dark corridor . they frisk he , find the obvious .45 in the shoulder holster , yank it out and push he into a smoking lounge . int smoking lounge , standard HOTEL - continuous 137 137 carlito and ricky verona sit side by side at the table . a iced bucket of champagne , good cigar . goons chill in the corner . the whole floor have be clear out - they have get the place all to themselves . verona ( smug ) what 's up , dead ? chev look like everyone 's here . carlito ( chuckle despite himself ) chelios ... what a fuck mess you be . ( continued ) ( C h ( 95 . continued : chev no shit . carlito why do not you sit down ? verona wait a minute . gesture to the goons by the door ) Pat he down again . he 's carry something . the goons give he another look . this time they reach down he pants and produce a second small , conceal handgun ... then discover the pager- like device . one of the goons rip the tube from chev 's back - chev wince in pain . his heartrate start to slow almost immediately . carlito let I see that . a goon toss it to he . carlito ( cont 'd ) clever ... what be this , a insulin pump ? chev basically . verona what the fuck be insulin ? carlito shut he up with a look . carlito ( hold the device up ) ephedrine , right ? chev nod . carlito place the device carefully on the table . carlito ( cont 'd ) ( bemuse ) very resourceful ... e reach into he coat pocket , produce a pair of black leather glove and start to put they on . hev to verona ) found a new master , you little bitch , be that it ? ( continued ) 96 . continued : ( 2 ) verona I be nobody 's little bitch . chev ( egging he on ) we will see what kind of a bitch you be when carlito hire you for half what he use to pay I ... and you take it . carlito that 's enough . chev you will probably throw boss a nice little reach - around just to show what a good bitch you be . verona I be nobody 's little bitch , you hear I ? he will pay what I tell he to pay ...! carlito I say that 's enough . ( calmly ) it 's be a long day . but in the end , you must agree , it all work out quite nicely . Don Kim get he bullet , thanks to you ... carlito unlatch a 2 'x6 " beautifully craft mahogany wood case sit on the table in front of he . it contain several syringe and bottle of milky fluid . he remove one syringe from the box with a glove hand . it almost glow in the soft light . C arlito ( cont 'd ) ... and Hong Kong get a goat to take the fall . please understand , chev , it 's truly nothing personal . verona speak for yourself . carlito squirt a little of the milky liquid . chev be that what I think it be ? carlito nod . ( continued ) 97 . continued : ( 3 ) carlito the chinese shit . ( nod to the goons ) hold he down . in a flash , chev whip out a gun - everyone flinch ... but no , wait : he 's just hold out he fist , point the stick - em-up finger right between carlito be eye . chev not so fast , motherfucker . for a beat , no one know quite how to react . verona chuckle nervously . verona dude 's go dipsy doodle ... chev whip the finger toward verona , shutting he down mid - word . verona shrug it off with less than 100 % confidence ... the room exhales . verona ( cont 'd ) whatever , psycho ... carlito I be afraid the houdini act be over , chelios . a goon make a move for chev ... but chev spin on he , leveling the finger at the goon be forehead , and pull the " trigger " ... chev ( imitate a gunshot ) booosh ! the goon be head be rock back , a nickel - size hole pop right through the cranium ... a glorious fountain of crimson arc from the goon be forehead across the table , splash into the ice bucket . verona ( freaking ) ourfather whoartinheaven hallowedbethy - carlito shut up , verona . don kim so this be how it be . everyone turn ... ( continued ) h S 98 . continued : ( 4 ) don kim , in a Ralph lauren polo shirt and white slack , be stand at the entrance of the bar . he 's get a asian gangster on each side , one of they hold out a smoking , silence glock .9mm . more asian gangster appear all around , move in , take position . the gangster all look about 16 year old , dress for a hot night at the florentine garden ... but they eye be dead - blank cold as hell . V erona what ... you ... he ... chev Presto . one of carlito' goons point a uzi at don kim ... and be filled full of lead in the blink of a eye by a pair of asian on he blind side ... who be CUT to ribbons by another of carlito' men ... and all hell break loose . carlito scramble away from the table and grab one of he goons , use he as a shield as he make he way behind the bar ... the goon absorb a hail of bullet ... verona whip out a .357 magnum , turn toward chev ... ummon a surge of strength from out of he ass , chev kick the table forward , pin verona's leg to the bench - the ice bucket slide into chev be lap ... e snatch out a bottle of dom perignon and fastball it at verona's gun hand ... the bottle shatter ... verona bobble the .357 ... it hit the ground - goe off - and the four finger of verona's right hand be vaporized . verona shriek like a ten year old girl at a justin timberlake concert . behind the bar , carlito quickly punch up he cell phone . carlito get I out of here ! now ! ext . standard HOTEL , rooftop - continuous a pilot be stand by in carlito be personal helicopter , wait on the roof . pilot yes sir . he fire she up , lift off ... 99 . int smoking lounge , standard HOTEL - continuous carlito be and don kim' men have back into opposite corner of the room , and be fire back and forth . verona crawl along the floor , gather up what 's leave of he finger ... come across a syringe and grab it in he tooth like a pirate' knife . don kim stand amidst the chaos , completely unperturb . carlito ( from behind the bar ) I will kill you for this , chelios ! chev too late ! chev swoon , almost pass out ... catch sight of a gun and pries it from the hand of a dead goon ... he spot verona's feet disappear behind a wall , take a bead and fire - blow off a set of toe to go with the finger . a asian gangster run up and lob a grenade behind the bar ... it bounce along and come to rest next to carlito . carlito think quick , grab one of he goons - a 265 pounder - from behind ... carlito get down ! he body -tackle the big man onto the floor , right on top of the live grenade , and bring he weight down on top of he . goon thanks , boss . boom ! the big goon be body absorb the blast , which pick they both up five foot in the air ... carlito , momentarily airborne , pop up from behind the bar like a jack in the BOX , then drop back down with a thud ... carlito ronnie James dio ...! the lounge open into a daylight drench pool area ... carlito' helicopter drop down into view , roiling up the water ... carlito make a break for it . ( continued ) 100 . continued : chev oh no you do not ... chev go after he , spin and careen across the slick floor like a charlie chaplin drunk act , dodging bullet and blast away ... CUT to : ext standard HOTEL , downtown los angele - day Police have surround the hotel and be pour into the lobby in team . squad car , cherry top flashing , swat van pull up on to the curb , people roped off , crowd control , news van , the work . a tv reporter be send a live feed amidst the pandemonium . reporter Police have move to surround the downtown Standard Hotel , where the suspect ... the unidentified madman ... be believe to be hole up and make a desperate last stand ...! CUT to : ext . standard HOTEL , pool area - simultaneous 145 145 chev stagger out into the daylight as the window to the restaurant shatter - and be meet by a swirling rush of wind as the helicopter attempt to set down amidst the chaise lounge and futuristic plastic cabanas . carlito be climb in as chev clamber up and grab he from behind . carlito spin ; chev shove the gun in he face . chev present from kaylo . but just as he 's about to pull the trigger , he freeze ... face twitching ... knee buckling ... ... and we see that verona have come up behind he and jammed the syringe right to the hilt into the back of he neck . chev drop to he knee . his heartbeat be deafen , glacial . verona ( in a bloodthirsty rage ) now what ? now say shit ! ( continued ) a D 101 . continued : carlito ( shake for once ) Jesus , man , where the fuck where you ? verona grab the gun out of chev be hand and point it at carlito . verona who' the bitch now ? he blow carlito away with three shot . the pilot start to lift off in a blue panic . verona shove chev aside and hop into the back seat , point he gun at the pilot be head . verona ( cont 'd ) that 's right , motherfucker ! fly ! verona whip the gun around as the bird rise , intend to . finish chev off from the air ... .. and have the gun remove from he hand by chev , who have climb onto the landing skid , hook he dead arm inside the passenger space , go up with they . don kim watch the helicopter rise as he men finish off the last of carlito' goons ... on kim do not use a hatchet to remove a fly from you friend 's forehead . gangster give he a sidelong look . don kim ( cont 'd ) ( explain ) confucius . ... the door bust in and the place be crawl with s.w.a.t. ext the sky above los angele , second later 146 146 chev' heartbeat be slamming as the bird rise high above the rooftop and the surround street . he wrestle he way up into the back seat as verona try desperately to push he out . news helicopter hover around the midair struggle like wasp , shoot across at the action . CUT to : ( continued ) 1 C 102 . continued : live television broadcast : a announcer babbles over 147 147 phenomenal live video of chev and verona struggle in the helicopter . CUT to : ext the sky above los angele , simultaneous 148 148 chev have verona lock up ; both man be fight with just one hand ... verona manage to work he up to chev be shoulder , where the steel needle still poke through . he slide it out and stab at chev be face ... chev catch he wrist in time to hold he off , but he grip be slip ... the space between chev' heartbeat have grow longer and longer ... he 's obviously have a massive coronary ... verona you be dead , you be dead , you be dead ! C hev swoon ; he eye roll back in he head ... he start to go limp , fall backwards ... then , with a final rush of adrenaline , he grab verona by the neck and pull he along . the two man fall from the helicopter . chev continue to strangle verona in midair . chev I tell you I would kill you , you son of a bitch ! verona be eye bulge in disbelief . chev continue to strangle he until verona go limp , glassy eye ... chev finally let go ... verona's body drift away ... hev ( cont 'd ) there . now he 's alone , free fall ... it 's almost peaceful up here . ext the sky above los angele 49 149 it occur to he he still have he cell phone . he retrieve it from he coat pocket and click a speed dial . CUT to : S C V 103 . int eve' apartment , same time 150 150 slow zoom in on eve' answer machine as he talk . eve ( o.s. ) ... leave a message . beep . chev ( o.s. ) hey doll . look like I let you down again . you be right about I ... funny , you really have time to reflect on thing when you know you be go to die ... seem like all my life I have just be go , go , go ... I wish I would take more time to stop and smell the rose , so to speak , but well , I guess it 's too late now ... you be the great , baby . CUT to : ext STREET , in front of highrise , 1 second later 151 151 still frame of a city street , traffic sound - camera down on the ground . a homeless guy amble along , look up , hustle he ass out of the way ... erona hit the ground - smack ! - bounce , fly out of frame . next be chev - he slam off the canvas top of a move convertible car - bam ! hev fly high out of frame , then come down hard , smash into a news stand right in front of the camera ... trade and fish wrap rain over chev and the surround area ... on each a different headline ... " bo Sox break the curse " ... " Bush to swiss : you be next " ... etc . the screen cut to black . a beat of silence ... be that it ? then - ound : lub dub . kick to soundtrack .