" crash " screenplay by David cronenberg base on a novel by j.g. ballard shoot draft ext . airfield -- day we be move through a small airfield full of park light plane . there be no people around . we move through the cluster of plane toward a hangar on the edge of the field . int . hangar -- day we be still move through light plane , but now we be inside the hangar . some of the plane have they engine cover open , part strewn around . other be partially cover with tarp or have section miss . there be even a sleek executive jet park in one corner . as we float past the plane we notice a woman lean against the wing of a piper cub , she chest against the wing 's trail edge , she arm spread out to each side , as though fly herself . as we get closer we see that she jacket be pull open to expose one of she breast , which rest on the metal of the wing . cu breast on metal . cu hard nipple and rivet . cu woman -- Catherine . early thirty , dark , short hair , stylish executive clothes . her eye be wide open but unfocuss . a hand grip she shoulder from behind . we follow the hand down behind Catherine and discover a man crouch behind she , kissing she back . Catherine be stand on a low mechanic 's platform and she skirt have be raise and hook over the wing 's flap . she wear garter and stocking but no panty . the man , handsome , cruel - look , rise up behind she , enter she , kiss she neck . Catherine half close she eye . she rotate she pelvis gently against the thrust . ext . film studio -- day we be float toward the modest gate of a small film studio ; the sign above the gate say ' cineterra ' in Art Deco script . int . film studio -- day we now float through a film set on which a commercial for a mini-van be be shot . light be be reset , the van polished for a beauty tracking shot . we pick up a assistant director as he stride through the action , look for someone . ad I be look for James . have anybody see James ballard ? you know who I mean ? the producer of this epic . a dolly grip with very close - cropped hair look up from a section of dolly track which he be adjust with small wooden wedge . grip I think I see he in the camera department . int . film studio . camera room -- day we float toward the door mark camera dept . Inside the room we find a young woman , a camera assistant , wear a T-shirt and heavy woolen sock and work boot and nothing else . she be drape across a table strewn with camera part , stomach down , head rest on a black , crackle - finish camera magazine , she leg spread . camera part and case , tripod , change bag everywhere . a man be behind she , kissing the back of she thigh . we hear the sound of the ad approach with deliberately heavy footstep . the ad pause just outside the door . ad ( off screen ) James ? James , be you in there ? could we please get you stamp of approval on we little tracking shot ? the man , James , look up from the woman 's thigh . jame of course . be there in a minute . the camera girl twist around on to she back and throw she leg over James 's shoulder . camera girl it will take more than a minute . ext . ballard apt . balcony -- night Catherine stand at the railing of the balcony of the ballard apartment , which overlook a busy expressway near the airport . her arm be spread wide as they be in the airplane hangar , only now it be James , she husband , who be stand behind she . they be both half naked , and he be inside she . they sex - make be disconnect , passionless , as though it would disappear if they notice it . a urgent , uninterrupted flow of car stream below they . jame where be you ? catherine in the private aircraft hangar . anybody could have walk in . jame do you come ? catherine no . what about you camera girl ? do she come ? jame we be interrupt . I have to go back to the set ... Catherine turn toward James and pull open she blouse , expose she leave breast . she pull James 's face down and press she nipple against he cheek . catherine poor darling . ( pause ) what can I do about Karen ? how can I arrange to have she seduce I ? she desperately need a conquest . jame I have be think about that , about you and Karen . int . department store . lingerie department -- day James linger among rack of nightdress outside a change cubicle . monitor by a bored , see - it - all middle - age saleswoman , James glance now and then through the curtain to watch Karen help Catherine try on underwear . Karen , Catherine 's secretary , a moody , unsmile girl , be methodically involved in the soft technology of Catherine 's breast and the brassiWre design to show they off . Karen touch Catherine with peculiar caress , tapping she lightly with the tip of she finger , first upon the shoulder , along the pink groove leave by she underwear , then across she back , where the metal clasp of she brassière have leave a medallion of impressed skin , and finally on the elastic-patterned groove beneath Catherine 's breast themselves . Catherine stand through this in a trance - like state , gabbling to herself in a low voice , as the tip of Karen 's right forefinger surreptitiously touch she nipple . int . underground parking - lot -- day James sit in the car beside he wife . she watch as he finger move across the control panel , switch on the ignition , the direction indicator , select the drive lever , fasten he seat-belt . as the car move off , James put he free hand between Catherine 's thigh . int . film studio . james' office -- night James study storyboard for a automotive battery commercial , which be spread out over a broad architect 's table . he make note on each panel of the board with a sharp pencil . as we move around he , we reveal he secretary , Renata , sit and watch he intently from the vantage point of she corner chair , she hand poise to write down anything he might say in a small , leather - bound notebook . from she point of view , we watch James from behind as he work . every movement he make -- bend over to correct a panel , manipulate the pencil , touch the sharp point of the pencil to he lip , straighten up again -- provoke a different tiny response from Renata , so attune to he be she . but he say nothing to she , and she remain poise and vigilant . ext . film studio . parking - lot -- night James settles into he car -- a boring american four- door sedan -- run through he control - panel routine like a pilot before drive off . this time he routine end with the switch on of the windshield wiper because it have begin to rain heavily . ext . rainswept road -- night driving home from the studio , James hit a deep puddle at 60 mile a hour and suddenly find himself head into the oncoming lane . the car hit the central reservation with a thump and the offside tire explode and spin off its rim . int . james' car -- night in the car , James fight desperately for control . ext . rainswept road -- night the car hurtle across the reservation and , bounce and slamm down on its suspension , head up the high -speed exit ramp . Three sedan be barrel down the ramp toward James . int . james' car -- night James pump the brake and saw away inexpertly at the wheel . he manage to avoid the first two car , but the third he strike head - on . at the moment of impact , the man in the passenger seat of the other car be propel like a mattress from the barrel of a circus cannon through he own windshield and then partially through the windshield of James 's car . the propel man 's blood spatter James 's face and chest , he body come to rest half inside James 's car , its head dangle down into the dark recess of the passenger footwell . James 's chest hit the steering wheel , he knee crush into the instrument panel , he forehead hit the upper windshield frame . as this happen , James be vaguely conscious of the same thing happen to the woman drive the other car , as though she be a bizarre mirror image . slam back into they seat after the initial impact , James and the woman look at each other through the shattered windshield , neither able to move . the woman , handsome and intelligent - look , support by she seat -belt , stare at James in a curiously formal way , as if unsure what have bring they together . out of the corner of he eye , James can see the hand of the dead passenger , now he passenger , catch on the dashboard and lie palm upwards only a few inch away from he . James squint as he try to focus on a huge blood -blister , pump up by the man 's die circulation , which have a distinct triton shape . James shift he focus to the hood ornament of he car , twisted up into the cold mercury - vapor glare of the roadway light but still intact . it be the same triton imprint on the palm of the dead passenger , the car manufacturer 's logo . ext . rainswept road -- night traffic be beginning to back up behind the accident and a grow circle of spectator , some of they pedestrian , some driver who have leave they own car , begin to form . the more adventurous member of the crowd paw hesitantly at the seize door of the two car , afraid really to yank they open in case the violence of that act might trigger some further unnamed catastrophe . int . james' car -- night numbly watch James as she fumble to undo she seat -belt , the woman in the other crash car inadvertently jerk open she blouse and expose she breast to James , its inner curve mark by a dark , strap - like bruise make by she seat-belt . in the strange , desperate privacy of this moment , the breast 's erect nipple seem somehow , impossibly , a deliberate provocation . int . hospital -- day we be close on a face have makeup apply to it . it be a very pale , blotchy face , and the makeup be smoothing it , make it appear healthy and even slightly tan . there be also some crude black stitches in this face , and we realize that it be James 's face , and that a very serious Catherine be apply the makeup . James 's leg be up in a sling , drainage tube come from both knee . wound on he chest : break skin around the lower edge of the sternum , where the horn boss have be drive upwards by the collapse engine compartment ; a semicircular bruise , a marble rainbow , run from one nipple to the other . stitches in the laceration across the scalp , a second hairline a inch below the original . unshaven face and fretting hand . Catherine be dress more for a smart lunch with a airline executive than to visit she husband in hospital . catherine there , that 's better . jame thank you . James examine himself in she hand - mirror , stare at he pale , mannequin - like face , try to read its line . Catherine look around she as she put she makeup away . there be twenty - three other bed in the briskly efficient - look new ward , all of they empty . catherine not a lot of action here . jame they consider this to be the airport hospital . this ward be reserve for air-crash victim . the bed be keep wait . catherine if I groundloop during my fly lesson on Saturday you might wake up and find I next to you . jame I will listen for you buzzing over . Catherine cross she leg and try to light a cigarette with a heavy , mechanically complex lighter with which she be obviously unfamiliar . jame ( refer to the lighter ) be that a gift from wendel ? it have a aeronautical feel to it . catherine yes . from wendel . to celebrate the licence approval for we air-charter firm . I forget to tell you . Catherine finally succeed in lighting the cigarette . she take a deep drag . James prop himself up on he elbow , breathe with transparent pain . jame that 's go well , then . catherine well , yes . ( pause ) you be get out of bed tomorrow . they want you to walk . James gesture for the cigarette . Catherine put the warm tip , stain with pink lipstick , into he mouth . catherine the other man , the dead man , he wife be a doctor -- Dr helen remington . she 's here , somewhere . as a patient , of course . maybe you will find she in the hallway tomorrow on you walk . jame and she husband ? what be he ? catherine he be a chemical engineer with a food company . a dark - haire student female nurse come into the ward . she wag a finger at James . student nurse no smoking , please . as Catherine retrieve the cigarette from James and stub it out in a glass , the nurse examine Catherine 's glamorous figure , she expensive suit , she jewelry . student nurse ( to Catherine ) be you this gentleman 's wife ? Mrs ballard ? catherine yes . student nurse you can stay for this , then . the nurse pull the bedclothes back and dig the urine bottle from between James 's leg . she check the level and , satisfied , drop it back , flip over the sheet again . both Catherine and James watch she closely , she sly thigh under she gingham , the movement of she breast as she bend to check the chart at the foot of the bed , the pulse in she throat . the nurse catch they watch she , smile enigmatically back at they , and leave . Catherine pull out a manila folder from she bag and slip a set of storyboard for a commercial out of it . catherine aida telephone to say how sorry she be , but could you look at the storyboard again , she 's make a number of change . James wave the folder away . Catherine examine he body , aloofly curious . jame where 's the car ? catherine outside in the visitor ' car-park . jame what !? they bring the car here ? catherine my car , not yours . your be a complete wreck . the police drag it to the pound behind the station . jame have you see it ? catherine the sergeant ask I to identify it . he do not believe you would get out alive . jame it 's about time . catherine it be ? jame after be bombard endlessly by road - safety propaganda , it 's almost a relief to have find myself in a actual accident . int . hospital hallway -- night James be take he walk through the hallway , trundle he iv stand along with he like a awkward pet . a white - coat doctor -- vaughan -- step into the ward from a room at the end of the hall . he be bare - chest under he white coat . his strong hand carry a briefcase fill with photograph , which he pause to shuffle through , as though check a map . as James approach this new visitor , vaughan 's pockmark jaw chomp on a piece of gum , create the impression that he might be hawk obscene picture around the ward , pornographic x- ray plate and blacklist urinalysis . he sport copious scar tissue around he forehead and mouth , rumple and pucker as though residue from some terrifying act of violence . vaughan look James up and down , take in every detail of he injury with evident interest . vaughan James ballard ? jame yes ? vaughan crash victim ? jame yes . vaughan shuffles he photo again . James manage to make out the shape of a few crush and distort vehicle catch in lurid , flash - light news style . vaughan flip through they distractedly , then with a unexpected , almost flirtatious flourish slide they back into he briefcase and tuck it under he arm . vaughan we will deal with this later . he flash James a enigmatic smile , and walk off down the hallway . as James turn to continue , a young woman come out of the same room that vaughan appear from and move toward he , use a dark wooden walk stick . she press she face into she raise shoulder , possibly to hide the bruise mark she right cheekbone . the woman be Dr. helen remington , whose husband die in she car crash with James . James stop as she approach . he speak without think . jame Dr. remington ...? the woman look up at James as she continue she approach . she do not falter , but change she grip on the cane , as if prepare to thrash he across the face with it . she move she head in a peculiar gesture of the neck , deliberately force she injury on he . she pause when she reach the doorway , wait for he to step out of she way . James look down at the scar tissue on she face , a seam leave by a invisible zip three inch long , run from the corner of she right eye to the apex of she mouth . James be acutely aware of she strong body beneath she mauve bathrobe , she ribcage partly shield by a sheath of white plaster that run from one shoulder to the opposite armpit like a classic Hollywood ball - gown . James step aside . decide to ignore he , helen remington walk stiffly along the communication corridor , parade she anger and she wound . int . hospital -- day Catherine wash James 's body as he lie in he hospital bed , gently explore he bruise and he wound . catherine both front wheel and the engine be drive back into the driver 's section , bow the floor . blood still mark the hood , streamer of black lace run toward the windshield - wiper gutter . Catherine resoap she right hand from the bar in the wet saucer on the bed tray , a cigarette in she leave . James stroke she stockinge thigh as she continue she monologue . catherine Minute fleck be spatter across the seat and steering wheel . the instrument panel be buckle inwards , crack the clock and the speedometer dial . the cabin be deform , and there be dust and glass and plastic flake everywhere inside . the carpete be damp and stank of blood and other body and machine fluid . jame you should have go to the funeral . catherine I wish I have . they bury the dead so quickly -- they should leave they lie around for month . jame what about he wife ? the woman doctor ? have you visit she yet ? catherine no , I could not . I feel too close to she . ext . road home from hospital -- day Catherine and James travel home in the back seat of a taxi . learn against the rear window of the taxi , James find himself flinching with excitement toward the approach traffic stream , which now seem threaten and super-real . Catherine watch he , aware that he be over - exhilated , very excited herself by he new sensitivity to the traffic . ext . ballard apt . balcony -- day James sit in a recline chair on the balcony of he apartment , look down through the anodize balcony rail at the neighborhood ten storey below . Cars fill the suburban street , choke the parking - lot of the supermarket , ramped on to the pavement . two minor accident have cause a massive tail - back along the flyover which cross the entrance tunnel to the airport . in one of they , a white laundry - van have bump into the back of a sedan fill with wedding guest . James gaze raptly down at this immense motion sculpture , this incomprehensible pinball machine . Catherine come on to the balcony , kneel down beside he , begin to toy lovingly with the scar on he knee . catherine Renata tell I you be go to rent a car . jame I can not sit on this balcony forever . I be beginning to feel like a pot plant . catherine how can you drive ? James ... you leg . you can barely walk . jame be the traffic heavier now ? there seem to be three time as many car as there be before the accident . catherine I have never really notice . be Renata go with you ? jame I think she might come along . handle a car again might be more tiring than I imagine . catherine I be amaze that she will let you drive she . jame you be not envious ? catherine maybe I be a little . ( rise ) James , I have get to leave for the office . be you go to be all right ? int . ballard apt . garage -- day James stand at the entrance to he apartment building 's underground garage . only about a dozen car be there ; most of they have be drive to work . James walk among that that remain , absorb the detail of the personal thing leave in they -- a silk scarf lie on a rear window - sill , a pair of sunglass hook over a carpete transmission hump . James stop in front of the empty bay mark ' balladr ' . he stare at the familiar pattern of oil-stain mark the cement . int . rented car -- day a steering wheel , a instrument panel , a windshield . Renata 's hip grip by the fabric of the passenger seat , she leg stow out of sight beneath she red plastic raincoat . James drive Renata in a rent car , he first drive since the accident . ext . first crash site -- day the rent car slow and stop on the concrete verge a few yard from the spot where James 's crash take place . int . rented car -- day renata be we allow to park here ? jame no . renata I be sure the police would make a exception in you case . James unbutton Renata 's raincoat and place he hand on she thigh . she let he kiss she throat , hold he shoulder reassuringly , like a affectionate governess . jame there 's still a patch of blood there on the road . do you see it ? renata I see the blood . it look like motor oil . jame you be the last one I see just before the accident . do you remember ? we make love . renata be you still involve I in you crash ? a airline coach pass , the passenger bound for Milan stare down at the couple in the car . Renata button she coat . ext . first crash site -- day James step from the car , he right knee give way after the effort of drive . at he foot lie a litter of dead leave , cigarette carton and small drift of safety - glass crystal . a hundred yard behind they , a dusty old lincoln be also park on the verge . the leather - jackete driver watch James through he mudspatter windshield , broad shoulder hunch against the door pillar . as James cross the road the man pick up a camera fitte with a zoom lens and peer at James through the eye-piece . spot the man , Renata open the car door for James . renata who be that man ? be he a private detective ? James get back into the car . int . rented car -- day renata can you drive ? jame I can drive . James shift the car into gear and cruise slowly toward the man with the camera . as they approach he , he get out of he own car , ignore they , and kneel down to study the hieroglyphics of the skid mark on the road surface . as James and Renata drive past the kneel man , the sunlight highlight the ridge of scar on he forehead and around he mouth . the man look up at James and he recognize vaughan , the young doctor he last see in the hallway at the airport hospital . ext . airfield . hangar -- day James proudly show off he new car to Catherine and Karen at they office at the airport . the car be identical to the one he crash . James sit sideways in the driver 's seat , door open , weirdly jaunty . catherine I can not believe you have do this . karen this be the exact same car as you old one , be not it ? catherine yes , it be . ( to James ) be you plan to have another car crash ? jame I be not think about the crash at all . James be tell the truth . what he be think about be the way that Karen 's hip casually brushes against Catherine 's hip , without either woman seem to be conscious of it . ext . police pound -- day James enter the gate of the police pound on foot , and show he pass to the guard at the gate . his pass now stamp , he hesitates for a beat before he enter . int . police pound -- day some twenty or so crash vehicle be park in the sunlight against the rear wall of a abandon cinema . at the far end of the asphalt yard be a truck whose entire drive cabin have be crush , as if the dimension of space have abruptly contract around the body of the driver . unnerve by this deformation , James move from one car to the next until he come to he own . the remain of towing tackle be attach to the front bumper , and the body panel be splash with oil and dirt . he peer through the window into the cabin , run he hand over the mud-stain glass . without think , he kneel in front of the car and stare at the crush fender and radiator grill . two policeman cross the yard with a black alsatian dog . they watch James hover around he car as if they vaguely resent he touch it . when they be go , he unlatch the driver 's door and , with a effort , pull it open . James ease himself on to the dusty vinyl seat , tip back by the bow of the floor . he nervously lift he leg into the car and place he foot on the rubber cleat of the pedal , which have be force out of the engine compartment so that he knee be press against he chest . the two policeman be exercise they dog across the yard . James open the glove compartment , force the shelf downward . Inside , cover with dirt and flake plastic , be a set of route map , a mildly pornographic novel , a polaroid of Renata sit in the car near a water reservoir with she breast expose . James pull open the ashtray , which promptly jump on to he lap , release a dozen lipstick - smear butt . someone pass in front of the car . a policeman 's voice call from the gatehouse . through the windshield , James see a woman in a white raincoat walk along the line of wreck car . the woman -- helen remington -- approach the car next to he , a crush convertible involved in a massive rear - end collision . James sit quietly behind the steering wheel . helen turn from the convertible . she glance at the hood of James 's car , clearly not recognize the vehicle that kill she husband . as she raise she head she see James through the glassless windshield frame , sit behind the deform steering wheel among the dry bloodstain of she husband . helen 's strong eye barely change they focus , but one hand rise involuntarily to she cheek . she take in the damage to the car , then take in James . without give away anything , she turn and move toward a damage truck , then turn and come back as James get out of he car . she gesture toward the damage vehicle , then speak to James as though continue a conversation already in progress . helen after this sort of thing , how do people manage to look at a car , let alone drive one ? ( pause ) I be try to find Charles 's car . jame it 's not here . maybe the police be still hold it . they forensic people ... helen they say it be here . they tell I this morning . she peer critically at James 's car , as if puzzle by its distort geometry . helen this be you car ? she reach out a glove hand and touch the radiator grill , feel a chrome pillar tear from the accordion , as if search for some trace of she husband 's presence among the blood - spatter paintwork . jame you will tear you glove . James gently take she hand and move it away from the grill . jame I do not think we should have come here . I be surprised the police do not make it more difficult . helen be you badly hurt ? I think we see each other at the hospital . ( pause ) I do not want the car . in fact , I be appal to find that I have to pay a small fee to have it scrapped . jame can I give you a lift ? ( almost apologetically ) I somehow find myself drive again . int . james' car -- day James be drive helen remington away from the police pound . jame you have not tell I where we be go . helen have not I ? to the airport , if you could . at this word , James be stricken by a odd feel of loss . jame the airport ? why ? be you leave ? helen not yet -- though not soon enough for some people , I have already find . a death in the doctor 's family make the patient doubly uneasy . jame I take it you be not wear white to reassure they . helen I will wear a bloody kimono if I want to . jame so -- why the airport ? helen I work in the immigration department there . James be very aware that , as they speak , helen be intently watch he hand and foot operate the control of the car , perceive this motion in a way that she never would have before she crash with he . he , in turn , have trouble take he eye off she facial scar , which she now make no attempt to hide . she pull a cigarette packet from the pocket of she raincoat . she search the instrument panel for the lighter , she right hand hover above he knee like a nervous bird . have find the lighter , she strong hand tear away the cellophane from the cigarette pack . helen do you want a cigarette ? I start to smoke at the hospital . it 's rather stupid of I . jame ( suddenly very agitate ) look at all this traffic . I be not sure I can deal with it . helen it 's much worse now . you notice that , do you ? the day I leave the hospital I have the extraordinary feel that all this car be gather for some special reason I do not understand . there seem to be ten time as much traffic . jame be we imagine it ? helen wave she cigarette in a gesture that take in the whole interior of the car . helen you have buy yourself exactly the same car again . it 's the same shape and colour . ext . first crash site -- day they be now pass the spot where they crash take place . intimidate by the aggressive traffic around he , James allow the front wheel of the car to strike the curb of the central reservation , throw a tornado of dust and cigarette pack on to the windshield . int . james' car -- day the car swerve from the fast lane and veer toward a airline coach come out of the exit ramp . helen quickly shift to the leave of she seat and , press she shoulder against James 's , close she hand over James 's hand on the wheel . with helen 's help , James just manage to pull the car behind the coach . they watch the car swerving past on both side of they , horn sounding . helen turn up here into the car-park . it will not be busy this time of day . int . airport car - park -- day the car wind its way slowly up the rampway lead to higher and higher parking level . James find the rhythm soothing and begin to calm down . helen I have find that I enjoy bury myself in heavy traffic . I like to look at it . yesterday I hire a taxi-driver to drive I around for a hour . ' anywhere , ' I say . we sit in a massive traffic jam under a off - ramp . I do not think we move more than fifty yard . ( pause ) I be think of take up a new job with the Road Research Laboratory . they need a medical officer . the salary be larger -- something I have get to think about now . there 's a certain moral virtue in be materialistic , I be beginning to feel . well , it 's a new approach for I , in any case . jame the Road Research Laboratory ? where they simulate car crash ? helen yes . jame be not that rather too close ...? helen that 's the point . besides , I know I can give something now that I be not remotely aware of before . it 's not a matter of duty so much as of commitment . they have now reach the top level of the multi-story car - park , and James pull into a parking spot overlook a major runway . a immense jumbo jet be maneuver into its take - off position . James turn off the car and put he arm around helen . she offer no resistance , as though the whole scenario be well understand and agree upon . James kiss she mouth , she eyelid , unzip she dress . with the jet engine scream for accompaniment , helen lift she right breast from she brassière , press James 's finger against the hot nipple . helen now straddle he and , awkwardly mesh with the technology around they , they make love in the driver 's seat of the car . int . ballard apt . -- night James and Catherine make love in the same position as in the precede scene . James 's thought keep flash back to himself and helen in he car , the image mixing confusingly with he present lovemake to Catherine . int . film studio . james' office -- day James be back in he office , but it be obvious that he be only nibble at the work that have pile up in he absence . Renata come in . renata I almost forget to give you this . probably because I know you be go to like it . Renata hand James a brown manila envelope with no marking on it . jame what be it ? renata a complimentary ticket for a special stunt-drive exhibition . definitely not part of the big auto show . there 's a map in the packet and a note request you be discreet about the location . jame really ? what kind of exhibition be it ? renata I suspect it involve re-enactment of famous car crash . you know , jayne mansfield , James Dean , Albert camus ... jame you be kid . renata serious . but you will have to take you new friend , the female crash - test dummy . she drop it off for you . jame you be not jealous , be you ? you have to understand ... helen and I have this strange , intense ... experience together . Renata kiss he hard , then bite he lip . James pull away in surprise . renata we have have a few of that ourselves , have not we ? Renata turn on she heel and float out the door , leave James to contemplate the content of the envelope . ext . country road -- night we be look at the word ' Little bastard ' write in black script on silver metal , enamel on unpaint aluminum . we pull back to reveal the entire metal object , which be a 1955 porsche 550 spyder race car . it be small and curvaceous , and be be fuss over by several man in overall . the number ' 130 ' be paint on its hood and door . the porsche sit on a country road , two - lane blacktop , heavily wood , light by a series of movie light . on the hill lining the road a few rough wooden stand have be erect . a blond man -- vaughan -- stand near the rear of the porsche , a microphone in he hand . his voice float eerily out of the wood from speaker mount on a series of pine tree . vaughan ( over speaker ) ' do not worry , that guy 's gotta see we ! ' this be the confident last word of the brilliant young Hollywood star James Dean as he pilote he porsche 550 spyder race car toward a date with death on a lonely stretch of California two - lane blacktop , Route 466 . ' do not worry , that guy 's gotta see we . ' the year , 1955 ; the day , September thirtieth ; the time : now . ext . country road . grandstand -- night helen and James sit in a half - empty stand , look down at the road from amid the tree . helen have she arm around James 's waist , she face touch he shoulder . jame it 's strange -- I think all this would be far more popular . helen be consulting a yellow program sheet . helen the real thing be available free of charge . besides , it 's not quite legal . they can not advertise . vaughan ( over speaker ) the first star of we show be ' Little bastard ' , James Dean 's racing porsche . he name it after himself , and have he racing number , 130 , paint on it . jame who be that ? the announcer . do I know he ? helen that 's vaughan . he talk to you at the hospital . jame oh , yes . I think he be a medical photographer , do some sort of accident research . he want every conceivable detail about we crash . helen when I first meet vaughan , he be a specialist in international computerize traffic system . I do not know what he be now . vaughan ( over speaker ) the second star be stuntman and former race driver -- Colin seagrave , who will drive we replica of James Dean 's car . ext . country road -- night seagrave , a coarse and burly man , wriggle he way behind the wheel of the delicate little race car without acknowledge the cheer of the crowd . he wear James Dean clothes -- a red windbreaker , a white T-shirt , jeans , loafer , prescription glass with clip - on sunshade . as he talk , vaughan tour the phalanx of tripod - mount camera to check they placement , and chat off - mike with the pair of cameramen with hand -held camera . he seem to be more the director of the event , possibly the ringmaster , than a actor in it . vaughan ( over speaker ) I myself shall play the role of James Dean 's racing mechanic , rolf wütherich , send over from the porsche factory in Zuffenhausen , Germany . this mechanic be himself fated to die in a car crash in Germany twenty - six year later . and the third and in some way most important party , the college student Donald turnupseed , play by movie stuntman brett trask . trask , slim and wiry , wear loafer and a blazer , wave he hand and get into a replica of turnupseed 's two - tone , black - and - white 1950 Ford sedan . he start up the Ford , which smoke badly , and drive it up the hill about 100 yard . vaughan ( over speaker ) turnupseed be on he way back to he home in fresno for the weekend . James Dean be on he way to a automobile race in salinas , a dusty town in northern California . the two would only meet for one moment , but it be a moment that would create a Hollywood legend . at this point vaughan , who be dress in light - blue cotton 1950s mechanic ' overall , see James and helen in the thin crowd and wave to they , as though they be long -stand aficionado of crash spectacle . he do not wait to see if they react , but immediately step into the passenger side of the porsche , microphone still in hand . vaughan ( over speaker ) you will notice that we be not wear helmet or safety pad of any kind , and we car be not equip with roll cage or seat-belt . we depend solely on the skill of we driver for we safety , so that we can bring you the ultimate in authenticity . all right , here we go . the fatal crash of James Dean ! vaughan hand the microphone to a still cameraman who also function as a assistant , and then sink down into the silver car . seagrave start the porsche , which settles quickly into a husky idle . a few blip of the throttle , and then the porsche be reverse down to the edge of the light strip of road . when the porsche stop , the excited crowd go quiet . a assistant with a walkie-talkie kneel beside the silver car on the driver 's side , co-ordinate the start with he opposite number stand next to the Ford over the hill . there be a calculate pause before anything happen , and then the porsche spin its wheel and accelerate up the hill . from they vantage point in the stand , James and helen can clearly see that the Ford have also start and that the two car be head toward each other , each in its respective lane . the porsche accelerate hard , the Ford lumber along at a moderate pace , sway clumsily on its soft spring . as the car approach each other , James notice a fresh clear at the side of the road at just about the point where they seem likely to pass . sure enough , when the car be about thirty yard apart , the Ford wander over the center line . as the porsche approach it , it seem to move back into its own lane , but then suddenly swerve again as though make a leave turn . the porsche , in its turn , swerve to avoid the big american car but they collide , the immense chrome grill punch into the side of the fragile race car , crumpling it like a wad of tin foil and shunting it unceremoniously off the road into the clear that have be prepare for it . as the porsche hobble to a stop , vaughan seem to stand up on he seat and then throw himself out of the car , roll over what 's leave of the front hood on to the ground . seagrave remain slump in the driver 's seat . vaughan lie still where he land , a few foot ahead of the crumpled nose of the race car . the door of the Ford open and trask stumble out . he begin to walk around in a daze and agitate manner , and the crowd , which have be buzzing , go silent again . trask walk away from the crash site and disappear into the shadow at the edge of the road . ext . country road . grandstand -- night there be no movement from either seagrave or vaughan . James be not sure how to react , but helen seem genuinely worried . jame be that part of the act or be they really hurt ? helen I do not know . you can never be sure with vaughan . this be he show . a still cameraman run out of nowhere and kneel beside the apparently stricken vaughan in the weed at the side of the road . it be not clear whether he be take he picture or minister to he . it soon become clear that he have hand he a radio microphone because vaughan 's low , melodramatic growl now ripple out of the wood from the tree speaker . vaughan ( over speaker ) rolf wütherich be throw from the porsche and spend a year in the hospital recover from he injury . Donald turnupseed be find wander around in a daze , basically unhurt . James Dean die of a break neck and become immortal . ext . country road -- night vaughan now leap to he foot , hand raise in triumph . seagrave stir behind the wheel , then raise he hand . trask emerge from the wood , wave to the now - supercharged crowd . seagrave try to get out of the collapse porsche but be jamme behind the wheel . without miss a beat , vaughan dance over to the car and begin to haul seagrave out of he seat . colin hold I . I be dizzy . I can not stand up . ext . country road . grandstand -- night helen stand up as the crowd buzze . helen I know that man , seagrave , the stunt driver . I think he 's genuinely hurt . helen make she way down the rickety grandstand step toward the road , and James follow she . ext . country road -- night just as James and helen step on the road , six police car , light flash and siren wail , converge on the light stretch of road , three from each end . they screech to a halt and dozen of cop pour out of the car . the crowd panic and stream down from the grandstand on to the road . a loudspeaker mount on one of the police car begin to blare . police ( over loudspeaker ) this be a illegal and unauthorize automotive demonstration which be in contravention of the highway traffic Act . you be all liable to fine and possible arrest and confinement ... disperse at once ! disperse at once ! because James and helen be just in advance of the first wave of spectator , they manage to link up with vaughan as he help haul a still - groggy seagrave off the road and into the wood . helen take seagrave 's free arm . helen ( to vaughan ) what 's the matter with seagrave ? vaughan hit he head , I think . his balance be off . the police spread out through the crowd , collare people at random before they be able to escape into the wood . ext . wood -- night James and helen help vaughan hustle seagrave through the wood . the din of the roadway fade away behind they . jame why be the police take this all so seriously ? vaughan it 's not the police . it 's the Department of Transport . Internal politics . it 's a joke . they have no idea who we really be . in the gather darkness of the wood , it be apparent that James do not really know who they be either . int . vaughan' lincoln -- night vaughan drive the lincoln through a scar , bleak landscape . in the front seat with he be helen and James . seagrave be lie down in the back seat with he eye close . vaughan that be glib , be not it ? ' James Dean die of a break neck and become immortal . ' but I could not resist . vaughan put he hand between helen 's thigh . she seem not to notice , but she eye close dreamily every once in a while . James watch microscopically . sometimes , when the flow of traffic allow , vaughan stare intently at James while he hand work away between helen 's thigh , and James look away , flushed , like a schoolgirl . ext . seagrave's garage -- night the lincoln turn into the forecourt of seagrave 's garage and showroom . his business , which have clearly see better day , be hot-rodd and customize car . behind the unwash glass of the showroom be a fiberglass replica of a 1930s brookland racer , fade bunt stuff into the seat . they get out of the car , help the woozy seagrave through the door at the side of the showroom , which lead to the stairway up to the apartment above the garage . int . seagrave apt . -- night the seagrave apartment be dirty and depress , feature cheap , cigarette -scarre leatherette furniture . James watch helen and vaughan steer seagrave into the live - room , where two people sit on a couch watch television with the sound turn off : gabrielle , a sharp - face young woman who be roll a hash joint ; and seagrave 's wife , Vera , a handsome , restless woman of about thirty . Vera stand as they come in and rush over to the shaky seagrave . vera oh , God . what happen ? here , lie down . Vera and helen lay the confuse seagrave down on the three - seat sofa , while vaughan sit next to gabrielle and help she prepare another hash joint . James , awkwardly leave stand , notice long scar on Vera 's thigh and leg . helen they do the James Dean crash . it seem to go perfectly . but he start to feel nauseous on the way back . I be sure it 's concussion . vera ah , well ... we be familiar enough with that , then , be not we ? James watch gabrielle and vaughan . as she roll a small piece of resin in a twist of silver foil , vaughan bring a brass lighter out of he hip pocket . gabrielle cook the resin , and shake the powder into the open cigarette wait in the roller machine on she lap . on gabrielle 's leg be trace of what seem to be gas bacillus scar , faint circular depression on the kneecap . she notice James stare at she scar , but make no effort to close she leg . on the sofa beside she be a chromium metal cane and , as she shift she weight , James see that the instep of each leg be hold in the steel clamp of a surgical support . it now become obvious from the over-rigid posture of she waist that she be also wear a back - brace of some kind . gabrielle roll another cigarette out of the machine , but do not offer it to James . instead , vaughan get up and take it over to seagrave , who have manage to sit up . vaughan I would really like to work out the detail of the jayne mansfield crash with you . we could do the decapitation -- she head embed in the windshield -- and the little dead dog thing as well . you know , the chihuahua in the back seat . I have get it figure out . seagrave take the light joint and draw heavily on it . he hold the smoke in he lung for a while , study the grease on he hand before he answer . colin you know I will be ready , vaughan . but I will want to wear really big tit -- out to here -- so the crowd can see they get cut up and crush on the dashboard . James turn to go , leave helen to she conversation with Vera , but vaughan follow he through the door , hold he arm in a powerful grip . vaughan do not leave yet , ballard . I want you to help I . int . vaughan' workshop -- night James follow vaughan down a cramped corridor to a photographic workshop form out of a warren of small room . vaughan ease James into the first room and then carefully close the door behind they . jame do you live here ? with seagrave ? vaughan ( laugh ) I live in my car . this be my workshop . pin to the wall and lie on the bench among the enamel pail be hundred of photograph . the floor around the enlarger be litter with half - plate print , develop and cast aside once they have yield they image . vaughan make a sweeping gesture that take in all the photograph . vaughan and this be the new project , ballard . as vaughan hunt around the central table , turn the page of a leather - bound album , James look down at the discard print below he foot . most of they be crude frontal picture of motor- car and heavy vehicle involved in highway collision , surround by spectator and police , and close - up of impact radiator grill and windshield . vaughan open the album at random and hand it to James . he lean back against the door and watch as James adjust the desk lamp . the first thirty page record the crash , hospitalization , and post-recuperative romance of the young woman gabrielle -- a social worker , the photo suggest -- who be currently get very stone in the next room . by coincidence , she small sport car have collide with a airline bus at the entry to the airport not far from the site of James 's own accident . vaughan have obviously be there , shoot film , moment after the crash . the incredibly detailed photo end with she affair with she physical therapy instructor . the remainder of the album describe the course of James 's own accident and recovery , and include he sexual encounter with Renata , helen remington , and he own wife , Catherine . vaughan stand at James 's shoulder , like a instructor ready to help a promise pupil . James close the book . jame what kind of help can I possibly be to you ? you seem to be everywhere at once as it be . at that moment , there be a knock at the door , and then gabrielle enter and take a few stiff step into the room on she shackle leg . she hold out a couple of joint to vaughan . gabrielle think you might be miss this . ( to James ) so here you be at the nerve centre . vaughan make everything look like a crime , do not he ? vaughan take the joint and light they both . he hand one to James , who take it gratefully . jame what exactly be you project , vaughan ? a book of crash ? a medical study ? a sensational documentary ? Global traffic ? vaughan it 's something we be all intimately involved in : the reshaping of the human body by modern technology . int . film studio . james' office -- day James watch Renata and Catherine talk animatedly at the other end of he office . he can not hear what they be say , but Renata be show Catherine layout of ad involve image of private plane fly in formation . they touch each other from time to time without seem to notice it , but James notice it . ext . various large CITY road -- day James and Catherine set off for home in they own separate car . at time , they be within sight of each other and James watch she microscopically , as though he do not know she , as though , perhaps , she be not human . at one point he see she with she hand rest on the steering wheel , she right index finger pick at a old adhesive label on the windshield . and then , abruptly , James be aware of the dent fender of vaughan 's lincoln only a few foot behind Catherine 's sport car . vaughan now surge past James , crowd along the roadway as if wait for Catherine to make a mistake . startle , Catherine take refuge in front of a airline bus in the nearside lane . vaughan drive alongside the bus , use he horn and light to force the driver back , and again cut in behind Catherine . James move ahead along the center lane , shouting to vaughan as he pass he , but vaughan be signal to Catherine , pump he headlight at she rear fender . without think , Catherine pull into the courtyard of a fill station , force vaughan into a heavy U -turn . tire scream , he swing around the ornamental flower - bed with its glaze pottery plant , but James block he way with he own car . heart racing , Catherine sit still in she car among the fuel pump , she eye flash at vaughan . James step from he car and walk across to vaughan , who watch James approach as if he have never see he before , scar mouth work on a piece of gum as he gaze at the aircraft take off from the airport . jame vaughan , what the hell be you do ? be you try to create you own famous crash ? vaughan hook he gear lever into reverse . vaughan it excited she , ballard . you wife , Catherine . she enjoy it . ask she . vaughan reverse he car in a wide circle , almost run down a pass pump attendant , and set off across the early afternoon traffic . int . ballard apt . -- night James and Catherine lie naked in bed , she with she back to he , buttock press into he groin . he be inside she . catherine he must have fuck a lot of woman in that huge car of he . it 's like a bed on wheel . it must smell of semen ... jame it do . catherine do you find he attractive ? jame he 's very pale . cover with scar . catherine would you like to fuck he , though ? in that car ? jame no . but when he 's in that car ... catherine have you see he penis ? jame I think it 's badly scar too . from a motorcycle accident . catherine be he circumcise ? can you imagine what he anus be like ? describe it to I . would you like to sodomize he ? would you like to put you penis right into he anus , thrust it up he anus ? tell I , describe it to I . tell I what you would do . how would you kiss he in that car ? describe how you would reach over and unzip he greasy jeans , then take out he penis . would you kiss it or suck it right away ? which hand would you hold it in ? have you ever suck a penis ? do you know what semen taste like ? have you ever taste semen ? some semen be saltier than other . vaughan 's semen must be very salty ... they both have huge orgasm within moment of each other . int . helen' car -- day we be close on the distract , solicitous face of helen remington . helen have you come ? helen remington and James be have sex in the back seat of helen 's car , helen sit on James 's lap with she back to he . she dismount he and touch he shoulder with a uncertain hand , as though he be a patient she have work hard to revive . ext . airport car - park -- day helen 's car be park on the upper level of the airport car - park , which be currently quite busy . stream of traffic , both pedestrian and vehicular , flow past the car . int . helen' car -- day James lie against the rear seat of the car while helen dress with abrupt movement , straighten she shirt around she hip like a department - store window - dresser jerk a garment on to a mannequin . jame please finish you story . helen the junior pathologist at ashford Hospital . then the husband of a colleague of mine , then a trainee radiologist , then the service manager at my garage . jame and you have sex with all of this man in car ? only in car ? helen yes . I do not plan it that way . jame and do you fantasize that vaughan be photograph all this sex act ? as though they be traffic accident ? helen yes. ( laugh ) they feel like traffic accident . int . road research lab -- day we be witness a spectacular road accident re-create under laboratory condition in the immense confines of the Road Research Lab . a motorcycle be in the process of have a head - on collision with a sedan bear a family of four -- a extremely violent and disturbing crash , despite the use of cradle , dummy , rail , cable and extensive metering and recording technology . among the many witness to the crash , include numerous engineer , technician and Transport Ministry official , be James , helen and vaughan . vaughan be energetically masturbate through he jeans , shield by a sheaf of publicity folder which he hold in he other hand . there be a terrific metallic explosion as the motorcycle strike the front of the sedan . the two vehicle veer sideways towards the line of startle spectator . the motorcyclist and he bike sail over the hood of the car and strike the windshield , then careen across the roof in a black mass of fragment . the car plunge ten foot back on its hawser and come to rest astride its rail . the hood , windshield and roof have be crush by the impact . Inside the cabin , the lopsided family lurch across each other , the decapitate torso of the front - seat woman passenger embed in the fracture windshield . the engineer wave to the crowd reassuringly and move toward the motorcycle , which lie on its side fifty yard behind the car . but it be vaughan -- a black - jackete figure stride on long , uneven leg -- who arrive first at the bike . for a moment it seem that he might try to lift it up himself , but he then back away to where technician be pick up piece of the motorcyclist 's body , and then turn away completely and rejoin helen and James . vaughan hold up the bundle of technical hand - out in he grip . vaughan get all the paper you can , ballard . some of the stuff they be give away be terrific : ' mechanism of occupant ejection ' , ' tolerance of the human face in crash Impacts ' ... helen take James 's arm , smile at he , nodd encouragingly , as if urging a child across some mental hurdle . helen we can have a look at it again on the monitor . they be show it in slow motion . a audience of thirty or so gather at the trestle table to watch a slowmotion replay on a huge television monitor . as the hypnotic , grotesque ballet unfold , the crowd 's own ghostly image stand silently in the background , hand and face unmove while the collision be re-enacted . the dream - like reversal of role make they seem less real than the mannequin in the car . James look down at the silk -suite wife of a Ministry official stand beside he . her eye watch the film with a rapt gaze , as if she be see herself and she daughter dismember in the crash . int . vaughan' car -- night James ride in vaughan 's car . vaughan drive aggressively , roll the heavy car along the access road , hold the batter bumper a few foot behind any smaller vehicle until it move out of the way . vaughan I have always want to drive a crash car . jame you could get you wish at any moment . vaughan no , I mean a crash with a history . camus 's facel vega , or Nathaniel West 's station wagon , Grace Kelly 's Rover 3500 . fix it just enough to get it roll . do not clean it , do not touch anything else . jame be that why you drive this car ? I take it that you see Kennedy 's assassination as a special kind of car crash ? vaughan the case could be make . they approach a major intersection . for almost the first time on this drive , vaughan apply the brake . the heavy car sway and go into a long right -hand slide which carry it across the path of a taxi . floor the accelerator , vaughan swerve in front of it , tire scream over the blaring horn of the taxi . as they settle down , vaughan reach behind he and lift a briefcase off the back seat . vaughan take a look at this and tell I what you think . James open the briefcase and slide out a thick packet of glossy photograph , all of they mark up with coloured ink pen . the photo be cull from a variety of source -- newspaper , magazine , video still , film frame -- blow up to uniform 8 ' x 10 ' size . each one depict a famous crash victim in the prime of life , and each one have the wound to come mark up very explicitly -- line circle they neck and pubic area , breast and cheekbone shade in , section line across they mouth and abdomen . handwritten note complement the circle and arrow . a second packet of photograph show the car in which this famous people die . each photo be mark to show which part of the car destroy or fuse with which famous body part : for example , a close - up of the dashboard and windshield from the camus car -- Michel gallimard 's facel vega -- be mark ' nasal bridge ' , ' soft palate ' , ' leave zygomatic arch ' . jame it 's very ... satisfy . I be not sure I understand why . vaughan it 's the future , ballard , and you be already part of it . for the first time , a benevolent psychopathology beckon towards we . for example , the car crash be a fertilize rather than a destructive event -- a liberation of sexual energy that mediate the sexuality of that who have die with a intensity impossible in any other form . to fully understand that , and to live that ... that be my project . jame what about the reshaping of the human body by modern technology ? I think that be you project . vaughan a crude sci-fi concept that float on the surface and do not threaten anybody . I use it to test the resilience of my potential partner in psychopathology . the traffic have jamme up to a walk pace . use he horn , vaughan force the driver in the slower lane to back up and let he across on to the hard shoulder . once free , he accelerate past the line of traffic , occasionally scraping the right flank of the lincoln against the cement divider . in the distance the airport car-park loom . int . airport car - park -- day the lincoln spiral its way up toward the upper level of the airport carpark . James just spot a sharp - face young woman in a very short skirt , a airport whore , provocatively bent over a railing ostensibly to watch airplane land and take off , when vaughan slam on the brake and jump out of the car . vaughan you drive . the startle James numbly obey , slide over into the driver 's seat as vaughan approach the whore and begin to negotiate with she . James gingerly maneuver the boat-like car to one side to allow traffic to pass as vaughan return with the gum -chew whore in tow . as the girl , with short black hair and a boy 's narrow - hipped body , open the passenger door , vaughan hand she a joint and light it for she . then , lift she chin , he put he finger in she mouth and pluck out the knot of gum , flick it away into the darkness . vaughan let 's get rid of that . I do not want you blow it up my urethra . ext . airport road -- night James drive the lincoln along the bizarrely light road that ring the airport . vaughan and the whore be in the back seat . int . lincoln -- night James adjust the rear-view mirror so that he can see into the rear seat . vaughan be have strange , disconnect sex with the whore . James realize that he can almost control the sexual act behind he by the way in which he drive the car . it be , in that sense , a sexual threesome -- or , more properly , a foursome , because the sex between vaughan and the whore take place in the hood grottoe of the luminescent dial , surging needle and blink light of the black , brood lincoln . int . film studio . james' office -- day James and Renata sort through some storyboard together at the architect 's table . Renata take a few cast - off and walk past the window toward the filing cabinet . she take a quick peek out the window on she way . renata you friend 's still out there . James leave the table and look out the window . vaughan be sit in he car in the center of the parking - lot . most of the staff be leave for home , take they car one by one from the slot around vaughan 's dusty limousine . renata what do he want from you ? jame hard to say . renata I be go to leave now . do you want a lift ? jame no , thanks . I will go with vaughan . ext . film studio . parking - lot -- dusk James walk out into the nearly desert parking - lot to find two car park in front of vaughan 's lincoln : a police patrol car and Catherine 's white sport car . one policeman be inspect the lincoln , peer through the dusty window , with vaughan fidget beside he . the other stand beside Catherine 's car , question she . James slow guiltily as both policeman begin to talk to vaughan . Catherine spot James and walk crisply over to he . catherine they be question vaughan about a accident near the airport . some pedestrian ... they think he be run over intentionally . jame vaughan be not interested in pedestrian . as if take they cue from this , the policeman walk back to they car . vaughan watch they go , head raise like a periscope . catherine you would better drive he . he 's a bit shaky . I will follow in my car . where be yours ? jame at home . I could not face all this traffic . catherine I would better come with you , then . be you sure you can drive ? as Catherine and James walk toward vaughan , he reach into the rear seat of he car and pull out a white sweatshirt . as he take off he denim jacket , the fall light pick out the scar on he naked abdomen and chest , a constellation of white chip that circle he body from the leave armpit down to he crotch . ext . jammed motorway -- night the lincoln have enter a immense traffic jam , and brake - light flare in the evening air . vaughan sit with one arm out the passenger window . he slap the door impatiently , pound the panel with he fist . a police car speed down the descent lane of a flyover , headlight and roof-lamp flash . ahead , two policeman steer the traffic from the nearside curb . warning tripod set up on the pavement flash a rhythmic ' slow ... slow ... Accident ... Accident ... ' eventually , they begin to edge past the accident site , which be light by a circle of police spotlight . Three vehicle -- a taxi , a limousine and a small sport sedan -- have collide where a on-ramp join the main roadway . a crowd have gather on the sidewalk and on the pedestrian bridge that span the road . beside the taxi , its three passenger lie in a group , blanket swathing they chest and leg . first -aid man work on the driver , a elderly man who sit upright against the fender of he car , face and clothes speckle with drop of blood . the limousine 's passenger still sit in the deep cabin of they car , they identity seal behind the star internal window . int . vaughan' car -- night Catherine have half hide herself behind the passenger seat . her steady eye follow the skid mark and loop of bloodstain oil that cross the familiar macadam like a battle diagram . vaughan , by contrast , lean out the window , both arm ready as if about to seize one of the body . in some recess in the back seat he have find a camera , which now swing from he neck . sire whining , a third ambulance drive down the oncoming lane . a police motorcyclist cut in front of James and slow to a halt , signal he to wait and allow the ambulance to pass . James stop the car . ten yard from they be the crush limousine , the body of the young chauffeur still lie on the ground beside it . Three engineer work with surreal hand - tool and hydraulic cut and pry equipment at the rear door of the limousine . they sever the jamme door mechanism and pull back the door to expose the passenger trap inside the compartment . the two passenger , a pink -face man in he fifty wear a black overcoat , and a young woman with a pale , anemic skin , still sit upright , stare blankly , in the rear seat . a policeman pull away the travel rug that cover they leg and waist . the woman 's leg be bare , the older man 's foot splay , apparently break at the ankle . the woman 's skirt have ride up around she waist , and she leave hand hold the window strap . as the older man turn to the woman , one hand search for she , he slip sideways off the seat , he ankle kick at the clutter of leather valise and break glass . the traffic stream move on . James ease the car forward . vaughan raise the camera to he eye , lowering it from sight when a ambulance attendant try to knock it from he hand . the pedestrian bridge pass overhead . half out of the car , vaughan peer at the score of leg press against the metal railing , then open the door and dive out . ext . motorway verge -- night as James pull the lincoln on to the verge , vaughan run back to the pedestrian bridge , darting in and out of the car . James and Catherine get out of the car . as James close the door , he notice that the blood of one of the accident victim have somehow be splash on to the door handle , and that some of it be now on he hand . he find a section of newspaper at the side of the road and wipe the blood off he hand . when he look up , he realize that Catherine have follow vaughan back to the accident site . ext . jammed motorway -- night James walk back alone , eventually spot they among the throng of spectator , Catherine watch vaughan 's scar face intently , provocatively , as he photograph every aspect of the accident . there be a calmly festive and pervasive sexuality in the air among the onlooker , and even a congregational feel as one group of engineer work on the crush sport sedan , pry at the metal roof which have be flatten on to the head of the occupant . and now vaughan pose a only slightly reluctant Catherine against the backdrop of the stricken taxi as though she be one of the shake survivor of the accident . when the roof of the sport sedan be lever up , the hair of the driver , its only passenger , come off with it as though scalp , stick to the roofliner with drying blood . but it 's soon apparent that it 's not hair , but rather a cheap , tangle , platinum blond wig . vaughan make he way over to the sedan , intrigue by the dangle ' scalp ' , which be almost phosphorescent in the road - rescue work light . Catherine trail obediently behind he , like a harshly discipline puppy . when the body of the driver be expose to the light , the effect be doubly grotesque , for not only be the driver dead and partially crush , but he be also a cross-dresser : seagrave , in jayne mansfield drag . his long , greasy hair be tie up in a knot on he head , he be unshaven , he huge , fake bosom be bloody and askew ; he bloat , muscular body strain against the pink 60 skirt and jacket , the blue suede boot with high heel . there be also a dead Chihuahua bitch inside the car with seagrave , which vaughan manage to move with he foot until a cop , outrage , shoos he away . the dog be stiff with rigor mortis , obviously dead long before the crash . a excited vaughan have spot James and now approach he , breathless . vaughan it 's seagrave . he be worried that we would never do jayne mansfield 's crash , now that the police be crack down . so he do it himself . vaughan turn back to look at the wreck again , almost reverent . this be seagrave 's own solitary work of art . vaughan ( shake he head ) the dog -- God , the dog be brilliant , perfect . I wonder where he get it ? now vaughan turn to James , he face flushed , incandescent with joy . vaughan come with I , James . I have to document it . vaughan lope off toward the seagrave wreck . but James hang back , watch , as the passenger from the taxi be carry on stretcher to a ambulance . the dead chauffeur of the limousine lie with a blanket over he face , while a doctor and two ambulance man climb into the rear compartment . Beyond they , vaughan begin to snap away at every possible aspect of seagrave 's wreck , beginning with the dead Chihuahua . ext . motorway verge -- night some time later , as the crowd disperse and the traffic begin to flow normally , James kneel beside the lincoln and show vaughan the blood on he door . Catherine sit in the back seat . jame we must have drive through a pool of blood . if the police stop you again , they may impound the car while they have the blood analyze . vaughan kneel beside he and inspect the smear of blood . vaughan you be right , ballard . there 's a all - night car- wash in the airport service area . vaughan rise and hold the door open for James , who sit behind the wheel , expect vaughan to walk around the car and sit beside he . instead , vaughan pull open the rear door and climb in beside Catherine . as they set off , vaughan 's camera land on the front seat . int . vaughan' car -- night as they drive , James watch Catherine in the rear-view mirror . she sit in the center of the back seat , elbow forward on she knee , look over he shoulder at the speed light of the expressway . at the first traffic light , she smile at James reassuringly . vaughan sit like a bored gangster beside she , he leave knee lean against she thigh . one hand rub he groin absent - mindedly . he stare at the nape of she neck , run he eye along the profile of she cheek and shoulder . ext . car - wash -- night near the airport , the lincoln join a line of car wait they turn to pass through the automatic car-wash . in the darkness , the three nylon roller drum against the side and roof of a taxi park in the wash station , water and soap solution jetting from the metal gantry . fifty yard away , the two night attendant sit in they glass cubicle beside the desert fuel pump , read they comic book and play a radio . int . vaughan' car -- night the car ahead advance a few yard , its brake - light illuminate the interior of the lincoln , cover the trio with a pink sheen . through the rear-view mirror James see that Catherine be lean against the back seat , she shoulder press tightly into vaughan 's . her eye be fix on vaughan 's chest , on the scar around he injure nipple , shine like point of light . James edge the lincoln forward a few foot . when he turn around , he see that vaughan be hold in he cup right hand he wife 's bare breast . James fumble for change as vaughan caress Catherine 's nipple in the back seat . Catherine look down at this breast with rapt eye , as if see it for the first time , fascinate by its unique geometry . ext . car - wash -- night they car be alone in the wash bay . a voice ring out . cigarette in hand , one of the attendant stand in the wet darkness , beckone to James , who insert he coin in the pay slot and close the window . Water jet on to the car , clouding the window and shutting the trio into the interior . int . vaughan' car -- night within they blue grotto , vaughan lie diagonally across the back seat . Catherine kneel across he , skirt roll around she waist . the light refracted through the soap solution jetting across the window cover they body with a luminescent glow , like two semi-metallic human being of the future make love in a chromium bower . the gantry engine begin to drum . the roller pound across the hood of the lincoln and roar forward to the windshield , drive the soap solution into a whirlwind of froth . Catherine settles over vaughan , and as the roller drum against the roof and door , vaughan drive he pelvis upwards , almost lift he buttock off the seat . in the mount roar of the roller , she and vaughan rock together , vaughan hold she breast together with he palm as if try to force they into a single globe . when he hand move away to she buttock , James can see that she breast have be bruise by vaughan 's finger , the mark form a pattern like crash injury . at just this moment , Catherine look into James 's eye in a instant of complete lucidity . her expression show both irony and affection , a acceptance of a sexual logic they both recognize and have prepare themselves for . James sit quietly in the front seat as the white soap sluice across the roof and door like liquid lace . Catherine cry out , a gasp of pain cut off by vaughan 's strong hand across she mouth . he sit back with she leg across he hip , slapping she with he free hand . his sweaty face be clamp in a expression of anger and distress . the blow raise blunt weal on Catherine 's arm and hip . ext . deserted motorway -- night James drive the lincoln home along a desert motorway . int . vaughan' car -- night the street - lamp illuminate vaughan 's sleep face in the rear of the car , scar mouth lie open like a child 's against the sweat - soak seat . Catherine sit forward , freeing herself from vaughan . she touch James 's shoulder in a gesture of domestic affection . in the mirror , James can see the weal on she cheek and neck , the bruise mouth that deform she nervous smile . ext . ballard apt . build -- night the lincoln pull up at the ballard ' apartment building . James and Catherine get out and stand in the darkness beside the now-immaculate black car . vaughan be still asleep in the back . James take Catherine 's arm to steady she , hold she bag in he hand . as they walk toward the entrance , vaughan get up and climb unsteadily behind the steering wheel . without look back at James and Catherine , he start the engine and quietly drive off . int . ballard apt . build . elevator -- night in the elevator , James hold Catherine closely , lovingly . int . ballard apt . bedroom -- night that night , James kneel over Catherine as she lie diagonally across the bed , she small foot rest on he pillow , one hand over she right breast . she watch he with a calm and affectionate gaze as he explore she body and bruise , feel they gently with he finger , lip and cheek , trace and interprete the raw symbol that vaughan 's hand and mouth have leave across she skin . int . airport convention CENTER . auto show -- day James and the crippled gabrielle visit the annual auto show , which occupy the immense hall of the airport convention center . he watch appreciatively as she swing herself on she shackle leg among the hundred of car display on they stand . gabrielle approach the impose mercede stand and , pivote about on she heel , seem to take immense pleasure from this immaculate vehicle , place she scar hand on they paintwork , roll she injure hip against they like a unpleasant cat . she soon draw the attention of a young salesman , who try hard not to notice she scar and brace . salesman be there something here that interest you ? gabrielle the white sport model . could you help I into it , please ? I would like to see if I can fit into a car design for a normal body . both James and gabrielle enjoy the salesman 's discomfort as he help she into the mercede sport car . she do she best to make it difficult , deliberately snagging she leg brace clip on the soft leather of the driver 's side armrest , force he to unhook she and to touch she deform thigh and knee while manipulate she leg into the footwell . ext . airport convention CENTER . parking - lot -- late day James make love to gabrielle in the front seat of she small invalid car , deliberately involve the complex hand control in the mechanic of they sex . as he slip he hand around she right breast , he collide with the strange geometry of the car 's interior . unexpect control jut from beneath the steering wheel . a cluster of chromium treadle be fastened to a steel pivot clamp to the steering column . a extension on the floor - mount gear lever rise laterally , give way to a vertical wing of chromium metal mould into the reverse of a driver 's palm . amid this small forest of machinery , James explore gabrielle 's new and strange body , feel he way among the brace and strap of she underwear , the unfamiliar plane of she hip and leg , the unique cul - de-sac , odd declension of skin and musculature . gabrielle lie back . she lift she leave foot so that the leg brace rest against he knee . in the inner surface of she thigh the strap form mark depression , trough of reddene skin hollow out in the form of buckle and clasp . James unshackle the leave leg brace and run he finger along the hot , corrugate skin of the deep buckle groove . the expose portion of she body be join together by the loosen brace and strap . through the fade afternoon light the airplane move across they head along the east -- west runway of the airport . gabrielle 's hand move across he chest , open he shirt , she finger find the small scar below he collarbone , the imprint of the instrument binnacle of he own crash car . she run the tip of she tongue into each of the wound - scar on he chest and abdomen . James expose she breast , feel for the wound area which surround they . as he try to enter she , she put she hand over he mouth . gabrielle do not . not there . she spread she leave leg and expose a deep , trench - like wound - scar in she inner thigh . she direct he hand to this neo-sex organ . gabrielle do it there . and then after that , do it here . gabrielle rotate over he so that he can see the wound of she right hip . James turn she back , pull she thigh in between he own thigh and enter she scar . with he mouth fastened on the scar beneath she leave breast , he tongue explore its sickle - shape trough , he come almost immediately . int . film studio -- night we float through the studio past a one-story-high automobile battery . its six cell be transparent and each one contain something submerge in the bubbly water that represent battery acid : a two - man submarine , a scuba diver , a small shark ... James stand pace as the dolly shot be reset , lighting be adjust . a ad bring he a cellular phone . ad somebody name vaughan . do you want it ? James nod . the ad press the talk button and hand the phone to James . jame hello ? ballard . int . tattoo parlor -- night we be close on vaughan 's scar mouth . vaughan I need to see you , ballard . I need to talk to you about the project . jame ( phone ) where be you ? ext . mall . tattoo parlor -- night James drive up to the tattoo parlor , which be locate in a small mall . it be next to a small , private medical clinic , and have the same antiseptic , untexture look of the ear , nose and throat suite next door . int . tattoo parlor -- night James enter to discover vaughan get a wound tattoo on he abdomen , one that look as though it could have be make by the flute lower edge of a plastic steering wheel . the woman give vaughan the tattoo be sexless and professional . she could be a nurse or a hospital dietician . James sit next to they , barely acknowledge by the woman . vaughan have messy papers spread out in front of he that include stylize sketches of famous crash wound , photo of Andy Warhol 's scar , automotive styling - detail drawing from a 5as Detroit design studio . vaughan ( to tattooist ) you be make it too clean . tattooist Medical tattoo be suppose to be clean . vaughan this be not a medical tattoo . this be a prophetic tattoo . prophesy be dirty and rag . make it dirty and rag . tattooist ( a hint of sarcasm ) prophetic ? be this personal prophesy or global prophesy ? vaughan there 's no difference . James -- I want you to let she give you this one . vaughan spread out a stain scrap of paper as though it be a sacred piece of parchment . on it be a fiercely sketch wound that look as though it be make by the lincoln 's hood ornament . jame where do you think that one should go ? vaughan spread he leg in a mechanical , unsexual way and grab the right inner thigh of he greasy jeans . vaughan it should go here . int . vaughan' car -- night we be close on the fresh tattoo on James 's inner thigh . it look more like a cartoon version of a wound than a real wound . we can see it because James 's trousers be down around he knee . vaughan 's face come into frame . he gently kiss the tattoo . James lift vaughan 's face to he own and kiss he mouth , touch he tongue to each of the scar around vaughan 's mouth . ext . underpass near auto - wrecker' yard -- night we see that the lincoln sit in the shadow of a underpass at the edge of a abandon auto-wrecker 's yard , look quite comfortable next to the stack of crush auto hulk and pile of wheel and bumper visible through the chain - link fence . int . vaughan' car -- night James and vaughan show they wound to each other , expose the scar on they chest and hand to the beckone injury site on the interior of the car , to the point sill of the chromium ashtray , to the curtain of wheel cover hang on a web of twisted wire just outside the car window . they touch , embrace , kiss . ext . underpass near auto - wrecker' yard -- night James step unsteadily from the lincoln into the roadway , follow for a instant by vaughan 's uncertain arm reach for he . he move away from the car , along the palisade to the overgrown entrance of the wrecker 's yard . above he , the car on the motorway move like motorize wreck . ext . auto - wrecker' yard -- night just outside the fence of the auto-wrecker 's yard , a wreck , its engine and wheel remove , sit on its axle . James open the door on its rusting hinge . a confetti of fragment glass cover the front passenger seat . James get in and sit there for a moment , crouch over the mudstreake instrument panel , he knee tightened against he chest wall . a moment or two of this strangely comforting foetal security , and then James unfold and begin to get back out of the car . a engine start with a roar . as James step back into the roadway he be briefly aware of a heavy black vehicle accelerate toward he from the shadow of the overpass where he and vaughan embrace together . its white - wall tire tear through the break beer bottle and cigarette pack in the gutter , mount the narrow curb and hurtle on toward he . know that vaughan will not stop , will kill he , James press himself against the concrete wall . the lincoln swerve after he , its right -hand fender strike the rear wheel housing of the car James have just leave . it swing away , rip the open passenger door from its hinge . a column of explode dust and tear newspaper rise into the air as it slide sideways across the access road . the lincoln remount the curb on the far side of the road , crush a ten -yard section of the wooden palisade . James can see vaughan flick a look back , he hard eye calculate whether or not he can make a second pass at he . the rear wheel regain they traction on the road surface and the car swing away on to the motorway above . James lean against the roof of the abandon car . the passenger door have be crush into the front fender , the deform metal weld together by the impact . James retch suddenly and emptily . shred of tear paper eddy through the air around he , pasting themselves at various point against the crush door panel and radiator hood . ext . ballard apt . balcony -- day James sit on the balcony of he apartment , watch the sky . a single -engine airplane float above the motorway , a glass dragonfly carry by the sun . it seem to hang motionless , the propeller rotate slowly like a toy aircraft 's . the light pour from its wing in a ceaseless fountain . below it , the traffic move sluggishly along the crowded concrete lane , the roof of the vehicle form a continuous carapace of polished cellulose . suddenly , Catherine be behind he . she put she hand on he shoulder and he turn to she as though in a dream , gesture toward the airplane . jame I think that be you , up there . catherine my last lesson 's next week . ( pause ) James ... my car ... James can see now that Catherine be frighten . he take she hand . jame what ? tell I . ext . ballard apt . driveway -- day Catherine 's car sit in the driveway . the paintwork along the left-hand side have be mark in some minor collision . Catherine and James stand examine the mark soberly , archeologist face with a problematic hieroglyph . catherine I be not drive . I would leave the car in the parking - lot at the airport . could it have be deliberate ? jame one of you suitor ? catherine one of my suitor . he kneel down to examine the assault on she car . he feel the abrasion on the left-hand door and body panel , explore with he hand the deep trench that run the full length of the car from the crush tail - light to the front headlamp . the imprint of the other car 's heavy front bumper be clearly mark on the rear wheel guard . James rise and take Catherine 's arm . he open the passenger door for she . jame it 's vaughan . he 's court you . let 's go find he . ext . deserted motorway -- late day Catherine 's car hurtle along a desert six - lane highway . int . catherine's car -- late day James be drive . he look across at Catherine . she sit very still , pale , one hand on the window - sill . jame the traffic ... where be everyone ? they have all go away . catherine I would like to go back . James ... jame not yet . it 's only beginning . ext . familiar stretch of road -- late day into night they drive past stretch of road we have see before : the underpass near the wrecker 's yard , several accident site and fill station , etc . ext . airport filling station -- night one of the fill station be near the airport . as they cruise by it , they spot Vera seagrave talk to a girl attendant at the pump . James turn into the forecourt . Vera be dress in a heavily insulate leather jacket , as though she be about to leave on a Antarctic expedition . James call to she from the car . jame Vera ! Vera seagrave ! at first she fail to recognize he . her firm eye cut across he to Catherine 's elegant figure , as if suspicious of she cross-legged posture . James get out of the car and approach Vera . he point to the suitcase in the rear seat of Vera 's car . jame be you leave , Vera ? listen , I be try to find vaughan . Vera finish with the girl and , still stare at Catherine , step into she car . vera the police be after he . a american serviceman be kill on the northolt overpass . James put he hand on the windshield , but she switch on the windshield wiper , almost cut the knuckle of he wrist . vera I be with he in the car at the time . before James can stop she , she accelerate toward the exit and turn into the fast evening traffic . James get back into Catherine 's car . jame I think he will be wait for we at the airport . catherine James ... James turn the car into the traffic . ext . airport roadway -- night vaughan be wait for they at the airport flyover . he make no attempt to hide himself , push he heavy car into the pass traffic stream . apparently uninterested in they , vaughan lie against he door sill , almost asleep at the wheel as he surge forward when the light change . his leave hand drum across the rim of the steering wheel as he swerve the lincoln to and for across the road surface . his face be fix in a rigid mask as he cut in and out of the traffic lane , surging ahead in the fast lane until he be abreast of they and then slide back behind they , allow other car to cut between they and then take up a watchful position in the slow lane . James can see that vaughan 's car have become even more batter than it be before , scar with many impact point , a rear window break , crack headlamps , a body panel detach from the off -side rear wheel housing , the front bumper hang from the chassis pinion , its rusting lower curvature touch the ground as vaughan corner . when they slow down for a line of tanker , vaughan make he move . he pull up beside they and then cut viciously across three lane of traffic to hit they broadside . the nose of the lincoln just nick the tail of the light sport car , which spin down the road . the lincoln keep on go , its vast momentum take it into the guard rail of the exit ramp , and then over they . Catherine and James slam spin into the tail of a tanker which have all but stop . the traffic behind they have already be slow and thus easily avoid hit the sport car when it come bounce to a halt across two traffic lane . Catherine lie back , sprawle in she seat , eye wide and stare with fright , body rigid , bleed from a small cut on she cheekbone . James jump out of the car , then immediately slow with a limp . he continue , work he way doggedly through the motionless car to the edge of the ramp . when he look over the edge , James see that vaughan 's lincoln have plunge into the top of a airline coach which be run on the roadway below . with the lincoln now inside it , the coach then slew sideways and crash into several other vehicle . wreckage , flame and blood be everywhere . James 's eye be wide : not with horror , but with excitement . ext . police pound -- night Catherine and James stand at the gatehouse of the police pound , collect the gate key from the mustachioe , sharp - eye young officer there . they then walk down the line of seize and abandon vehicle . the pound be in darkness , light only by the street - light reflect in the dent chromium . they soon find vaughan 's crash lincoln , massive and charismatic even here , even in death . James manage to wrench open the passenger - side rear door enough to allow they both to get inside . int . vaughan' car -- night sitting in the rear seat of the lincoln , Catherine and James make brief , ritual love , she buttock hold tightly in he hand as she sit across he waist . ext . police pound -- night afterwards , they walk among the car . the beam of small headlamps cut across they knee . a open car have stop beside the gatehouse . two woman sit behind the windshield , peer into the darkness . a pause , and then the car move forward , its driver turn the wheel until the headlamps illuminate the remain of the dismember vehicle in which vaughan die . the woman in the passenger seat step out and pause briefly by the gate . it be helen remington . when she help the driver out of the car , James and Catherine see that it be the crippled gabrielle , she leg shackle clack as she and helen begin to walk toward vaughan 's car . they stroll haltingly , arm around each other , like strange lover in a cemetery visit a favorite mausoleum . at one point , helen kiss gabrielle 's hand , and it be obvious that they have become lover . James and Catherine circle away from the couple and make they way back to the gatehouse . in the depth of the pound , helen help gabrielle into the lincoln . in the darkness of the back seat , they embrace . ext . police pound . gatehouse -- night James stand talk to the officer at the gatehouse window , hold Catherine 's arm around he waist , press she finger against the muscle of he stomach . jame I would like to register a claim for the black 1963 lincoln , the one that come in a couple of day ago . be there a form I can fill out ? pound officer there certainly be , but you will have to come back between 7:30 and 4:30 to get one . what 's you attachment to that thing ? jame a close friend own it . pound officer well , it 's get to be a total write - off . I do not see what you could possibly do with it . ext . crowded rain - streak roadway -- sunset we be close on the huge , battle -scarre grill of vaughan 's lincoln , now bring back to sway , bellow life . the restoration of the lincoln be as vaughan would have want it : just enough to get it run and nothing more , with ugly brown primer slap on to the replace panel , and whatever be crack , scrape and crumpled still crack , scrape and crumpled -- a mobile accident roll on badly misalign wheel . int . vaughan' lincoln -- sunset we pull back to see James alone in the car . the road be crowded and manic ; James be intense , hard , exhilated , alert -- a hunter . the car be full of junk , pop can , styrofoam container , all suggest that he have basically be live in the car for some time . James be search for something among the lane of traffic , thread the immense car in and out of the shifting hole that appear and disappear , drive with a fluid recklessness that be recognizably vaughan 's style . suddenly , James become tense , focus : he have spot what he have be look for . ext . crowded rain - streak roadway -- sunset through the lincoln 's insect - and oil - smear windshield we can see the unmistakable shape of Catherine 's white sport car , itself wind its way aggressively through the braid of vehicle . the lincoln lurch out on to the narrow emergency lane and take off after Catherine 's car , scraping the low concrete wall as it wallow from side to side , clipping the corner of a truck that have make the lane too narrow . int . catherine's sport car -- sunset in she mirror , Catherine spot the lincoln charge toward she along the emergency lane . her demeanor be just as predatory as James 's , and she do not hesitate to react . Catherine crank the steering wheel to the right and dive across two lane of startle vehicle to fishtail down a little - use utility access road . behind she , and close rapidly , the lumber lincoln follow suit . ext . utility road -- sunset around the decrease - radius curve of the utility road , the more nimble sport car stretch out the distance between it and the lincoln , but once the road uncurl , the booming V - 8 allow the american car to gobble up the ground until it be nose to tail with Catherine 's car . James begin to bump the tail of the sport car , break off the accelerator for a beat to let the white car -- which look especially fragile and delicate by comparison -- get away a bit , then charge back until it make contact . now the road ahead curve again , and just as Catherine enter the curve , James give she a seriously violent jolt . the rear of she car slew off on to the grass verge , almost come back , then lose traction completely . Catherine 's car spin backwards off the road , then roll unceremoniously , almost gently , down a small grade , shed bit and piece , until it finally flop to a halt on its side in front of a cement culvert . int . vaughan' lincoln -- sunset momentum have carry James past the point where Catherine have leave the road . James stand on the brake until the lincoln shudder to a halt . he jam the shift lever into reverse and back up , tire squealing and smoking in protest , to where he see she go over the edge . ext . utility road -- sunset James jump out of the car and stand for a beat at the edge of the road on the wet grass , savore the tableau below he . Catherine lie sprawle , half out of the car , she tight black dress hike up over she hip , one arm across she face as though shield she eye from the sight of she ruin , lightly smoking sport car . James eagerly make he way down the wet grass of the hill toward Catherine . as he approach she , she begin to move , stretch she arm behind she head , as though awaken from a deep sleep . he can now see that she dress be wet , soak by the dirty water trickle out of the culvert and now damme up by she torso . James kneel close to Catherine . jame Catherine . be you all right ? be you hurt ? Catherine 's eye flutter open . her mascara be smear , as though she have be cry , and there be wetness at the corner of she eye . her upper lip be bruise and beginning to purple , and there be blood on she forehead and at the corner of she mouth . catherine James , I ... I do not know ... I think I be all right ... James slip she panty down she leg , leave they around she leave ankle when they snag on the one high - heele shoe she still have on . he gently rotate she on to she right hip , undoe he fly , then lie down on the concrete with she , ignore the light , muddy stream which now begin to soak the thigh of he trousers . kiss the back of she neck , he enter she from behind . jame maybe the next one , darling ... maybe the next one ... we pull up and away from the couple on the ground until we lose they behind the overturn sport car , then rise and pivot until we be once again watch the frantic lane of traffic hurtle by obliviously only a few meter away . the end