crazy , stupid , love written by Dan fogelman February 19 , 2010 fade in : 1 int . french restaurant ( pasadena , CA ) - evening 1 Soft music . a classy joint . below the table , we pan well - heele foot nuzzling . finally we settle on : a pair of feet white sneaker sit opposite fancy high heel . this foot be not nuzzling . there 's distance here . pull up , revealing cal weaver ( 42 ) and he wife , tracy ( 41 ) . a handsome couple . he would be JFK to she Jackie o ... if he give a shit . unfortunately , he do not ( i.e. : white sneaker in fancy french restaurant ) . Cal pull out reading glass , look at the menu . cal well , I be full . you be right , hon . I should not have eat all that bread . ( then ) want to just share a dessert ? Tracy be lose in think , gaze at a menu . cal you okay , babe ? you seem out of it . tracy yeah , I be just think about what I want . cal I too . okay , let 's say it at the same time . one. two. Three ... tracy cal I want a divorce . creme brulee . CUT to : 2 int . suburban house ( pasadena ) - same evening 2 jessica ( 17 ) chase after molly ( 9 ) . jessica 's skinny , wear glass , a hipster T-shirt . in five year , she 's go to make all the boy ' head spin . but not yet . ( continued ) 2 . 2 continued : 2 jessica I be gonna getcha ! I be gonna getcha ! she grab Molly and tickle she . Molly squeal with delight . as she kick ... smash ! a picture fall off the nearby console . jessica pick it up : on smashed photo Cal and Tracy . this be they house . back to scene jessica it 's okay , my fault . ( then ) alright , kiddo , it 's get late , let 's get you to bed before you parent get home . do not give I the puppy eye , you little maniac . go brush you tooth ! Molly giggle , run upstairs . once Molly 's go , jessica look at the photo . she eye Cal affectionately . CUT to : 3 int . bar 3 meanwhile , two young professional women drink and laugh at a table . hannah ( 24 ) be clearly buzze . hannah I do not care . I love he and give the opportunity , I would have he baby . her best friend , liz ( 29 ) , laugh . liz seriously ? conan o'brien ? you would do conan o'brien ? hannah I be just say , Richard 's a lot of thing : successful , smart ... liz bore , workaholic , sexually repress ... ( continued ) 3. 3 continued : 3 hannah but he 's not very funny , that 's all . liz yeah , well , you want funny , go watch ` cosby ' rerun . you want a good lay , go get yourself some of ... that . she motion off to the side . hannah what ? liz the hot piece that 's be check you out for the last hour . the crowd part , revealing : jacob palmer ( 32 ) . the smoothest , coolest son-of - a- bitch you have ever see . he tilt he glass at they , toast . 4 int . lexus suv 4 meanwhile , Cal sit in the passenger seat , daze . a " to - go " box from the french restaurant in he lap . Tracy drive . tracy be not you go to say anything ? nothing . tracy almost twenty - five year of marriage , you have nothing to say ? she look at he . he turn to she , about to say something , then ... stop himself . turn back forward . it 's silent . devastate . CUT back to : 5 int . cal and tracy's house 5 meanwhile , jessica ( the baby -sitter ) stop at a bedroom door . she hear music come from inside , put she ear to the door . it 's Lady gaga . it 's awful . she smile , knock and open the door at the same time . ( continued ) 4. 5 continued : 5 jessica hey , you sister 's asleep , just check you be alive -- she scream as -- another angle robbie weaver ( 13 ) , quickly cover himself up . he be masturbate . robbie Close the door ! back to jessica who slam the door shut . jessica ( through door ) I be sorry , Robbie ! I do not see anything , I swear . back inside room Robbie lie there freeze , horrify . 6 int . bar 6 meanwhile , where Liz and Hannah keep drink . liz I do not know , Hannah . you life be just so ... pg - 13. Hannah 's mouth drop open . hannah my life be not pg - 13 ! liz it so be . you have never leave LA . you pass the bar you be gonna be , what , a patent lawyer , probably marry to that snooze - fest Richard . I just worry about you be all . Hell , you have resort to fantasize about conan ` Ginger - Dick ' o'brien . ( continued ) 5 . 6 continued : 6 hannah ( adorable ) he 's funny . liz he look like a carrot , honey . Hannah laugh . voice ( o.s. ) who ? they turn . it 's Jacob palmer ( the stud from earlier ) . liz hi. jacob hi . who look like a carrot ? liz conan o'brien . my friend Hannah think he 's sexy . jacob I think you friend Hannah be sexy . Hannah laugh . hannah you do not really just say that . jacob pretty sure I do . hannah how old be you ? jacob thirty - three next month . hannah then you should know by now that cheesy pick - up line do not work . Jacob sit down at they table , uninvite . jacob I find you incredibly sexy . it 's a fact , not a cheesy pick - up line . ( more ) ( continued ) 6 . 6 continued : ( 2 ) 6 jacob ( cont 'd ) there be many attractive woman in this bar -- include you friend here -- and I have be unable to take my eye off you , only you , for the past two hour . again : not a cheesy pick - up line , just a fact . ( then ) answer this quickly , without think about you answer : do you find I attractive ? Hannah do not flinch . hannah I do not . jacob yes you do . liz yes , she do . jacob I be a accomplish lover . if you come home with I , I be confident you will leave satisfied . multiple time . hannah you have get to be kiddi-- jacob we will make love and it will be amazing . you will laugh afterwards and say ` I never do this kind of thing . ' then you will do it again . hannah be that so ? jacob it be . so now I be go to ask if I can buy you another drink . if you say yes , we will have one more cocktail each -- just enough to start lose inhibition , not enough to get sloppy , after all : I promise to satisfy you . liz multiple time . ( continued ) 7. 6 continued : ( 3 ) 6 jacob that 's right . so , here we go , Hannah : can I buy you a drink ? Hannah and Liz share a look . hannah what do you expect I to say to that ? jacob margarita , rock , salt . hannah wow . she stand , grab she coat and Liz 's hand . hannah okay , time to go . Liz do not move . liz I will go home with you , you can call I Hannah , I do not give a crap -- hannah Liz ! liz ( whisper to he ) another time , maybe . giggling , the girl leave the bar . 7 int . lexus suv 7 still drive , Tracy look at Cal . he remain silent . tracy I be unhappy , Cal . I have try not to be . we have be marry so long , somewhere we become ... stagnant , you know ? he keep stare straight ahead . tracy okay , you be not talk and you know that only make I talk more . maybe that 's good , maybe that 's good . okay ... ( more ) ( continued ) 8. 7 continued : 7 tracy ( cont 'd ) ( then ) there 's this person . no response . tracy we have be spend time together . lunch , meeting , that kind of stuff ... silence . she close she eye tightly . tracy I sleep with he . kind of . Tracy open one eye , take a peek . nothing . tracy no , no kind of . I can not believe I say kind of . that 's just not something you do in a kind of way . I sleep with someone . there . I say it . I sleep with someone . oh God . it 's the worst thing I have ever do but it feel so good to say out loud . I sleep with someone . I slept with someone . I sleep with someone . I sleep with ... please stop I , please say something . no reaction . tracy David jacobowitz . from work . you meet he at the Christmas party . you remember that party ? they have the giant paper- maché wreath ? I keep ask the decorator how he make it ? you wear that sweater -- finally , Cal speak -- cal please stop . tracy the last person in the world I would ever want to hurt be you , Cal -- cal if you keep talk , I be go to get out of the car . ( continued ) 9 . 7 continued : ( 2 ) 7 tracy but the fact that I do , that it could happen at all , I think it just show how break we be and -- cal okay . just like that , Cal open the door to the move car and , simply , step out . Tracy scream as Cal go fly . she screech to a stop as he tumble to the curb in she rearview mirror . 8 ext . STREET - continuous action 8 Tracy run to he . he 's on the curb , bloodied but okay . tracy be you out of you mind !? he look up at she , plead . cal I will leave tonight , I will sign whatever you want I to sign , if you will just stop talk about it . she touch he bloody forehead , affectionate . there 's still something here . tracy okay . cal okay . he stand , limp back to the car . 9 int . the weaver house 9 meanwhile , jessica sit on the live room couch . Robbie enter , stand there . he 's a precocious , adorable , masturbation - addict , thirteen - year-old . robbie I be sorry that you have to see that . she keep stare straight ahead . jessica I should have knock . ( continued ) 10 . 9 continued : 9 silence . after a long beat . robbie for the record : I think about you while I do it -- jessica Robbie ! robbie I have a picture of you and I look at it the whole time -- jessica stop it ! robbie I love you , jessica . and I know you be seventeen , and I know I just turn thirteen , which be the same age as you little brother , and you be technically my baby - sitter , but someday soon we age difference will be inconsequential which be good because ... jessica robbie -- robbie I be pretty sure you be my soulmate . she stop , look at he and smile gently . jessica listen , Robbie -- liz ( o.s. ) we be home . robbie shit . jessica jump off the couch . jessica hi , Mr. and Mrs. weaver . how be dinner ... ( noticing ) oh my God , Mr. weaver , you be bleed . why be you bleed ? ( continued ) 11 . 9 continued : ( 2 ) 9 cal Mrs. weaver tell I she want a divorce so I jump out of the car . hope the kid behave . come on , I will drive you home . Robbie step into frame . robbie dad ? cal oh . I do not know you be here . robbie you be get divorced ? cal yes . tracy Cal ! robbie and you jump out of a car ? cal a move car , yes . tracy Cal ! cal ( to robbie ) I be sorry you find out this way . robbie I be sorry you jump out of a car . cal thanks . ( then ) jessica , you get you coat ? jessica uh-huh . 10 int . lexus suv - later 10 Cal drive now . jessica in the front . awkward . finally , Cal start talk to himself . almost shell - shocked . ( continued ) 12. 10 continued : 10 cal we will talk to the kid tomorrow . tell they we be separate . just separate . we will do it together . he think . cal I will have to tell nanna . uch , she 's gonna be crush . but not right now . she 's get enough to worry about ... he trail off . another long beat of silence , then he remember he company and turn toward jessica . cal ( with ENERGY ) so , I hear Stanford early admission , huh . I know you dad be so proud . jessica yeah . ( then ) you be bleed real bad , Mr. weaver . she go to touch he eye . out of nowhere ... he start banging the shit out of he steering wheel . cal David jacobowitz ! be you kid I !? david fucking jacobowitz ! GOD damn her ! he calm down , slowly . pull up to a driveway . cal sorry about that . jessica it 's okay . jessica reach for the door , but stop . she take a deep breath , adorable . jessica Mr. weaver , I know you do not know I very well , but I have be baby - sit for you family for three year . you be the nicest dad of any of the family I baby -sit for , by a country mile . ( more ) ( continued ) 13. 10 continued : ( 2 ) 10 jessica ( cont 'd ) you be funny , and you be always really generous , and you be the only dad who 's excited -- genuinely excited -- to check on he kid when he get home from dinner . now I like Mrs. weaver , I like she a lot , but if she want to divorce you , well ... then I think she 's batshit crazy . Cal smile , distract but grateful . jessica in fact -- and , I hope this do not make you uncomfortable -- I think I have even develop a little crus -- cal ( not listening ) hey : do I a favor -- can you not mention what 's go on between Mrs. weaver and I to you parent ? it 's probably better they hear it from we . okay ? jessica uh-huh . cal that 's my girl . jessica awkwardly get out of the car . cal hey , jessica ? thanks for listen . she smile , turn back . she freeze when she see ... he 's hold cash out the window to pay she . cal you put this to that fake id you will need up at Stanford . and with a sad wink , he drive off -- leave she stand there , lovelorn and forty - five dollar richer . CUT to : 11 int . bar - later 11 Cal sit at the bar , drink away he sorrow . he 's dishevel , a bit wobbly . he motion for the bartender . ( continued ) 14 . 11 continued : 11 bartender another vodka cranberry ? cal yes. just ... yes . a girl ( 30 ) approach the bar . Cal tap she shoulder , a drunken train - wreck wait to happen . cal guess what ? girl what ? cal my wife be have intercourse with someone who be not I . girl I be sorry to hear that . cal that 's very nice of you to say . she just tell I tonight , obviously it come as a bit of a shock and you be not listen anymore . the girl have turn back to a group of friend . cal I bet you would not ignore I if I be David jacobowitz . my wife do not ignore David jacobowitz . ( to no one ) she screw he . something catch Cal 's eye across the bar . we pan to ... jacob palmer wear he two thousand dollar suit , he 's now get two beautiful women fawn over he at he table . Cal take he in for a long beat , turn back to the bartender , and decide : cal ( re : jacob ) Gay . 15 . 12 ext . corporate apartment - morning 12 you know this place : basically a " strip " of identical housing unit -- usually occupy by newly - divorced dad . a woman ( 60 ) give Cal the tour . woman so it 's pretty no -frill . unit 2 be a lot like unit 1 except you be downstairs so ... the ground be closer . which be nice . 13 int . corporate apartment - moment later 13 the most depress , empty , beige place ever . cal I guess the price be right . woman yeah , well , ton of divorced guy here . you will fit right in . Cal sigh , un -enthuse . cal I will take it . woman ooh , the gym have a elliptical machine ... I assume you want to get back in shape ? Cal look down , embarrassed . cal I guess . woman great ! I will let you know when they fix it . 14 int . office - afternoon 14 Cal sit at he desk , do paperwork . his boss enter . boss Cal , I just get the weekly sale report , good good good ! you really kill this quarter ! ( more ) ( continued ) 16 . 14 continued : 14 boss ( cont 'd ) keep it up you be go to be sit in my seat by year 's end . really great , cal. seriously . cal who tell you Tracy and I be get a divorce ? boss ( relieved ) divorce ! that 's it . Amy hear you cry in the bathroom . we all think it be cancer . thank god. cal I have to go buy furniture now . Cal stand , exit . boss go for it ! ( then , call after ) it could have be cancer , buddy ! 15 int . furniture store - later 15 Cal be sit on a plain , faux - modern couch . he 's stare into space . a salesman approach . salesman can I help you , sir ? cal my wife be sleep with David jacobowitz . I need a couch . salesman ooh , I understand . can I give you a word of advice , one divorced man to another ? if you do not mind ? cal sure . salesman get the match chaise , killer deal . he pat the adjacent piece . Cal process this . cal I want it in beige . ( continued ) 17 . 15 continued : 15 salesman I will write you up . 16 int . bar - night 16 Cal 's back at the bar , sip on he drink . he look absolutely exhaust . he look across the bar . at he usual table , Jacob be now woo a new woman . Cal shake he head , amaze at this guy 's chutzpah . a guy grab the open bar stool next to Cal . Cal react . cal oh , no , I be sorry , I be wait for a friend . guy you have be hold the seat for a hour . cal ( too loud ) yeah , well , my wife be screwing David jacobowitz so eat I . the guy shrug , walk away . Cal look at he watch , put a napkin on he drink , and stand . 17 int . bathroom - later 17 Cal pee . Jacob step into frame in the adjacent urinal . Cal do a friendly " I be pee next to you " nod . then : cal can not help but notice that you be always surround by woman . multiple woman . Jacob do not even turn . cal I be get divorced . or , in the process . gonna be single again . nothing . cal any advice ? jacob yeah . ( continued ) 18. 17 continued : 17 Jacob zip , flush , turn . jacob do not start conversation with people while they be pissing . he walk away , wash he hand , exit . a beat , then : cal ( to himself ) so gay . dissolve to : 18 int . bar - later 18 Cal 's a few drink in now . the door to the bar open as bernie ( late 40s ) rush in . a oak tree of a man . he 's carry a shopping bag . bernie sorry I be late , I have to pick something up from macy 's . cal do not worry about it , here , sit , I have be guard this stool with my life . bernie sit , look uncomfortable . cal it 's good to see you , man . I have call you a few time . it 's be a rough couple of day , obviously . nothing I could use more than my old pal bernie to unload on . hey , we should play racquetball , when 's the last time we play racquetball ? bernie Claire will not let I be friend with you anymore . Cal take this in . cal I be sorry , what ? bernie she say we have to choose between you and Tracy . I choose you . she say no . ( continued ) 19 . 18 continued : 18 he pull a wrapped package from the bag , hand it to Cal . bernie it 's cologne . cal be you break up with I ? bernie Claire 's wait in the car . um ... there 's a gift receipt in there . sorry . bernie stand , awkwardly . he pat Cal on the shoulder , linger a beat too long , then simply turn and exit . Cal be leave alone . he raise a finger at the bartender . cal do you have anything with a worm in it ? because I would like a gallon of that now . on jacob leg cross , martini in hand , he 's be watch Cal get dumped this whole time . he pan up from Cal 's foot . the white sneaker . bad navy blue dress sock . dad khakis . a ill-fitting , untucked , dress shirt . half -lidd eye . rumpled hair . Jacob shake he head . Jesus Christ . he say something to the woman who currently sit at the table . she nod , get up and walk away . back to cal as the bartender pour he a second shot . he 's now show picture from he wallet to the bartender . cal this be my youngest , Molly . her two favorite thing be High School musical and she mother . I hate both of she two favorite thing . a sharp whistle interrupt . Cal turn , see Jacob . Jacob motion for Cal to come over . every move Jacob make be practice , perfectly cool . ( continued ) 20 . 18 continued : ( 2 ) 18 Cal point at himself : " I ? " Jacob nod : " yep . " Cal shrug , stand , and wobble over towards Jacob . jacob Jacob palmer . cal cal wea -- jacob I would like to buy you a drink , Cal . cal I already have a drink . jacob let I buy you a drink , Cal . cal okay . Jacob motion to the bartender who nods . Cal sit . cal my wife be cheating on I with -- jacob David jacobowitz , yes , Cal , I have hear . we have all hear . for the last two night , I have watch you batter every poor soul in this bar with you sad -sack loser sob story . Cal take this in . he stand . cal you know what , I do not need this crap -- jacob sit down , Cal . cal okay . Cal sit . Jacob 's that powerful . Cal 's that drunk . ( continued ) 21 . 18 continued : ( 3 ) 18 jacob Cal , I be go to make you a offer , it 's probably the best offer you be ever go to get , and you be extremely drunk , so it 's wildly important that you do not answer until I have finish and you have take a few moment to process what I be say . do you understand ? Cal go to answer , Jacob hold up a finger . Cal stop himself . once he 's settle , Jacob continue : jacob as I say , I have be watch you for two day now and I can say , without hesitation , that you be the sorriest man I have ever see in my life -- do not interrupt , Cal , it 's the truth , and you need to hear it . you be sit there with you supercut haircut , get drunk on water down vodka- cranberry like a fourteen - year - old girl , wear a 41r jacket when you should be wear a 40l -- I do not know if I want to help you or euthanize you -- stop drink out of the goddamn straw , Cal . Cal stop drink from the wimpy red straw . jacob you ask I for advice before , Cal , so I be go to help you . I do not know why . maybe I be just bored . maybe all my friend have abandon I for wife and child and labradoodle puppy , who care why ? why do not matter . the point be , you have get a good face , and a good head of hair , and I be bored as hell and need a project . so if you want , I be go to help you rediscover you manhood . do you remember when it be that you lose it ? Cal shake " no . " ( continued ) 22. 18 continued : ( 4 ) 18 jacob do not matter , we will find it . and when we do , when I be through with you , that wife of yours be go to rue the day she decide to give up on you too early . that 's my offer . what do you say ? Cal stare at he blankly . a long beat of silence . Cal go for a drink , almost use the straw ... then catch himself . he put down the drink . look up . cal yeah , okay . jacob mall food court , Thursday , six o'clock . cal I be sorry , what ? Jacob downs he drink , nod at the woman ( now nearby ) . jacob you ready to go ? she nod , subservient , and follow he out . Cal shake he head , pick up he drink , and slurp the rest of he vodka cranberry out of the straw . 19 ext . the weaver backyard - day ( one week later ) 19 a well - maintain yard , border by shrub and bush . a long driveway run parallel to the yard . a medium-sized u-haul be park in the driveway . Cal exit the back door , carry a BOX . he load it into the U-haul and take a last look back at : he backyard a weathered playground sit off to the side . you can tell it have not be use in quite some time . Baseball equipment lay all over , the site of many father - son catch . a oft -use barbecue next to the house . you can tell a lot about this family from see this backyard . you like this family a lot from see this backyard . ( continued ) 23. 19 continued : 19 tracy ( o.s. ) Cal ? Cal look up . Tracy approach . she 's wear sweat . it 's pretty obvious that she 's be cry . awkward silence . neither know what to say . tracy I just want to say that ... her voice crack . she turn away . tracy shit . she gather herself . Cal step forward . instinct tell he to comfort he wife but he can not anymore and he stop himself . she realize this . there 's something harsh and complicated about the reality of it all . Tracy look at the u-haul , wipe she eye and try to lighten thing . tracy do you want I to back that thing out of the driveway for you ? cal I will be fine . tracy you have trouble in reverse be all . cal it be two time -- tracy Three if you count my father 's foot . cal I do that on purpose . tracy I know it . they smile , in rhythm for a moment . then they realize , stop smile . Cal turn awkwardly . cal once I be settle , I will get the kid so they can see the place . he walk to the truck . Tracy 's voice stop he . ( continued ) 24 . 19 continued : ( 2 ) 19 tracy I think I be have a mid-life crisis maybe . can woman have mid-life crisis ? cal ( avoiding engagement ) make sure the lawn get enough water . tracy in the movie it 's always man have they and buy ridiculous yellow porsch , but I be not a man and I really do not want a yellow porsche -- cal you have to fertilize once a month . not twice a month , not once every two month . she take a deep breath , find she balance . tracy we get marry so young , Cal . and I be forty -one . and that 's so much older than I think I would be . cal the sprinkler turn off behind you . tracy and I get really upset with a umpire at Molly 's t-ball game last month -- like really upset , like I scream at he and wish he would die -- and I start feel like the person I promise I would not turn into , you know ? cal if it rain a lot , you need to shut off the automatic set . tracy and we have not be we , not for a long time . and I do not know when you and I stop be `us ' but ... I mean , do you ? Cal finally turn and look at she . ( continued ) 25 . 19 continued : ( 3 ) 19 cal I think it be when you screw David jacobowitz . ouch . Tracy 's face register the blow , but she nod : she also understand it . cal make sure my azalea get enough sun . Cal turn , get in the u-haul , and back out ... and immediately crash into the neighbor fence . 20 int . corporate apartment - evening 20 Cal lead in Molly and Robbie . cal okay , well , this be it . what do you think ? do not have a lot of time to house -hunt , but ... they look around he depress , beige apartment . a pathetic tv play the Disney Channel in the corner . cal there 's a second bedroom with twin bed so you two can stay over whenever you want ! anytime ! robbie so ... you be like , actually go to live here ? Molly look like she 's go to cry . cal hey , hey . come on now , you ' will visit all the time . every weekend . it will not be that bad . molly do not you love we anymore ? Cal take Molly 's face in he hand , start tear up . cal listen , baby . what 's happen with you mommy and I ... it 's not what either of we want , not what either of we plan . ( more ) ( continued ) 26 . 20 continued : 20 cal ( cont 'd ) but you need to understand that you kid have do nothing wron -- molly troy ! she bolt past Cal to the tv , where zac efron be on - screen , prancing about in a basketball uniform . Robbie and Cal stand there , awkwardly . robbie do not take it personally . that show 's like crack to she . Cal nods . robbie you okay ? cal you ? Robbie shrug . robbie can I say something with a curse ? one time ? cal yeah . why not ? Robbie nods , take a deep breath . robbie Love be fuck . Cal laugh , a bit of tension relieved . cal be that so ? you in love , buddy ? robbie well , if you must know -- jessica ( o.s. ) ding do . they turn -- it 's jessica , the baby-sitter . robbie what be she do here ? cal oh , right , hey , jess , thanks for coming -- ( more ) ( continued ) 27 . 20 continued : ( 2 ) 20 cal ( cont 'd ) ( back to Robbie ) I have to run out really quickly , just for a few hour , and you mother want you to stay here while she 's out hook -- robbie what ? cal huh ? jessica ( changing topic ) the place be ... nice , Mr. weaver . cal yes , well , that 's a generous adjective , thank you . ( to robbie ) anyhow , jess be gonna keep a eye on you guy for a few . robbie but I do not need a babysitter ! she 's only four year older than I ! you need to know that ! she need to know that ! cal I know , buddy . Cal muss Robbie 's hair . cal my little boy 's grow up , jess . he 's in love already , can you believe it ? uch . Robbie thump the wall with he head , die . cal Molly , say bye-bye to daddy ? no response , she 's glue to the television . robbie wait , where be you go ? cal I be , uh ... I decide to take a class . ( continued ) 28 . 20 continued : ( 3 ) 20 jessica that 's great , Mr. weaver . it 's a difficult time for you , it 's important that you find new interest , try new thing , maybe thing you would never have consider try before ... Cal look down , jessica have she hand on he shoulder . it 's a bit odd . she realize , take it off . cal okay , well ... Molly , last chance !? but Molly be still lock on efron . cal that 's my angel . back in a few . robbie but , dad -- cal nope . the door slam . Robbie stand there with jessica , awkward . tries to maintain some semblance of cool . robbie I do not need a baby -sitter . jessica I know , Robbie . a awkward beat , then . robbie I love you so much -- jessica Jesus Christ . 21 ext . shopping mall - continuous action 21 Cal pull into the parking lot , grab a space . cal what be I do ? 22 int . shopping mall - continuous action 22 he enter , still go . ( continued ) 29 . 22 continued : 22 cal what the hell be I do ? he walk past a cheesecake factory . Inside be ... Hannah ( girl from the bar who Jacob try pick up ) . 23 int . cheesecake factory - continuous action 23 she 's sit at a table with Liz ( she friend ) and a group of really boring white people in suit . there be SMALL gift in front of Hannah . holding she hand be a average guy ( 33 ) , she boyfriend , richard . we pick up mid-conversation . richard I think you be wrong . I think that 's tucker . white man no , no , no . Chris rock be the stand - up comedian . Chris tucker be the actor . white woman be it racist that I can not tell they apart ? Liz nod she head " yes " at Hannah . Hannah stifles a laugh . Liz stand . liz well , Richard : thank you for invite I to Hannah 's `goodbye ' party . the conversation have be riveting , like step back in time . before I go , a toast . she hold up she glass , toast . liz sweetie : go into you hole and study you cute little ass off for that bar exam . we will see you when you emerge . richard she 's gonna kick that bar 's butt ! all the dork cheer . Liz shrug . liz yeah , okay . ( continued ) 30 . 23 continued : 23 Liz chug she drink , turn to Hannah . hannah ( smiling ) I will walk you out . before they clear ... richard hey , Liz ? when my girl pass , we be gonna have another little celebration , right here . hope you can make it . it 's go to be a special night . liz Richard , you just give I a head - up so I can get really drunk before -hand , okay ? richard you know it ! Hannah lead Liz out of the restaurant , whisper : hannah do you hear that ? ` it 's go to be a special night . ' you think he 's go to propose ? liz at the cheesecake Factory ? oh God , I hope not . ( then ) why ? do you really want he to ? Hannah shrug . hannah he 's nice . liz yeah , well ... Jesus . really ? ( with a shrug ) okay . not my life , I love you , call I if you need anything . Liz kiss she goodbye , exit . Hannah look at she table . everyone be type on they blackberries . she sigh , head to rejoin they . 31 . 24 int . food court 24 meanwhile , Cal see Jacob , stand against a pole in the food court . Jacob be eat pizza , cool as ever . jacob you be late . ( then , offer ) sbarro 's ? cal no thanks . so what exactly be we -- jacob how much money can you afford to spend on clothes today ? cal I dunno . five hundred ? jacob Three thousand . cal okay . jacob we will start with shoe . let I see that sneaker you be wear . Cal hold up he foot . jacob take they off . Cal bend down , take one off . jacob ( chewing ) other one too , please ? Cal do as he 's tell . Jacob hold out he hand . Cal shrug , hand Jacob the shoe . Jacob simply turn and throw they over the railing . cal what the hell !? jacob be you in a fraternity , Cal ? cal that be my favorite shoe . ( continued ) 32 . 24 continued : 24 jacob be you in a fraternity , cal !? cal no . jacob be you Steve Jobs ? cal what ? jacob be you the billionaire owner of apple computer ? cal no. I be not Steve Jobs . jacob then you do not need to walk around in New Balance sneaker , ever . let 's go . 25 int . shoe store - continuous action 25 Cal ( barefoot ) follow Jacob around the store . cal I think this whole thing might have be a bad idea . Jacob ignore he , grab a pair of black dress shoe . jacob any man can rebuild he entire wardrobe with sixteen simple item . cal ha ! I think I read that in gq . jacob you do . I write it . cal really ? Jacob chuckle . Cal chuckle back , clearly unsure what the chuckle symbolize . jacob number one and two : pair of dress shoe , pair of loafer . ( continued ) 33. 25 continued : 25 Cal be look at a pair of argyle sock . cal I be sorry , I be lose : do you really write for gq ? Jacob slap Cal 's hand , knock the sock away . jacob you credit card please ? montage - from store to store we watch as Jacob narrate the wardrobe essential ( and as Cal 's arm get progressively fuller ) in each store . 26 in a suit store 26 Cal get fitte . jacob ( v.o. ) two suit : one black , one grey . one sport jacket , navy prefer . Jacob lean in toward the tailor . jacob take it in there ... and there . 27 at another store 27 Cal hold jeans in front of he , eye they suspiciously . jacob ( v.o. ) one pair of quality jeans . cal this be two hundred and thirty dollar . can not we just go to the gap ? he look up . Jacob be go . smash CUT to : 28 ext . mall - moment later 28 Cal run outside . Jacob be already halfway to the car . cal I be sorry ! do not leave ! ( continued ) 34 . 28 continued : 28 Jacob immediately head back inside and answer : jacob no , Cal . we can not just go to the gap . cal what 's wrong with the gap ? jacob in Hell , every store be the gap , that 's what 's wrong with the gap , Cal . it 's lowest common denominator . be better than the fuck gap , Cal . 29 in a new store 29 Jacob hold up a pair of beige slack . jacob ( v.o. ) one pair of chino . ching . a cash register ding . jacob ( v.o. ) four dress shirt . ching . ching . ching . ching . Cal 's arm be fill . jacob ( v.o. ) Three casual button-down . ching . ching . ching . in a dress room shirt come fly over the wall at Cal . 30 a new store 30 Cal struggle to get a sweater over he neck . jacob ( v.o. ) two v-neck cashmere sweater , and finally , a long overcoat . Cal stand there in a overcoat and sweater . cal I be very warm . 31 in a beauty supply store 31 Jacob lead Cal through the store . he toss he a tube . ( continued ) 35 . 31 continued : 31 jacob you rub this in around you eye every night and every morning . cal what do it do ? jacob ( sarcastic ) it give you x- ray vision , Cal . ( then ) it tighten thing up . the skin around you eye look like milton berle 's ballsack . Cal stop , examine he eye in a mirror . cal oh my God , it do . 32 in a salon 32 Cal be get he hair cut at a fancy salon . the hairdresser be young , hip , and beautiful . cal I like to use a number four on the side and the back , go longer on the top . jacob oh , okay . thanks for that , vidal sassoon . Tiffany , hon ? scissor cut , tight on side , get he some texture up top , take off about ... he touch Cal 's hair , measure it between he finger . cal eww . jacob ... inch off the top . tiffany yes , sir . cal but -- Tiffany start chopping . 36 . 33 int . salon - later 33 Jacob and Tiffany wait for Cal ( inside a change room ) . jacob what be you put on ? cal ( o.s. ) item one , three , eleven , and fourteen . jacob perfect . ( then , to Tiffany ) you smell great by the way . tiffany ( smitten ) thanks . jacob what be you do tonight ? tiffany I do not know . jacob that 's okay , I do . she giggle . Cal call out . cal ( o.s. ) seriously ? you just ask she out like that ? jacob yes , Cal , just like that . cal ( o.s. ) and it work ? jacob tiffany yes . yes . cal ( o.s. ) crazy . ( then ) okay , I feel kind of stupid but ... the dressing room door open . we tilt up ... from expensive shoe , to pants , to fitte sweater over a fitte shirt and bright tie . the new haircut ... a new man . he look ... unbelievable . ( continued ) 37 . 33 continued : 33 tiffany wow . jacob yep . cal can I blouse out the shirt a little ? I like to blouse out my shirt a little . jacob shut up , Cal . ( to tiffany ) you would fuck he , right ? cal ( horrified ) Jesus ! tiffany yeah , probably . cal Tiffany ! ( then , realize ) you would !? Tiffany shrug . jacob you see that , Cal ? the simple act of open you mouth instantly cause Tiffany to lose interest in sleep with you . you personality be actually you weakest link . Cal take this in . cal well , that 's the meanest thing anyone 's ever say to I . jacob no , Cal . the meanest thing anyone 's ever say to you be this : you wife cheat on you because you lose sight of what it take to keep she content at home -- as a man , as a husband , and probably as a lover . Cal 's lower lip begin to quiver . ( continued ) 38 . 33 continued : ( 2 ) 33 cal yeah , okay , that be meaner . CUT to : 34 int . bar - next night 34 Cal sit next to Jacob . Cal be wear he new " outfit . " he look great , but not yet comfortable in he new " gear . " Jacob , on the other hand , look like he 's walk out of a man 's magazine . and he know it . Cal look at Jacob . cal I notice you only button you shirt up , like , halfway . I can not pull that off , right ? jacob no. listen , Cal , I be go to be call woman over to we table shortly . Cal rub he hand together , nervous . cal we should have some background on each other , no ? I be in insurance , more on the corporate side . my kid be -- jacob Cal , the only thing I care less about than corporate insurance be you kid . here 's the only thing I need to know : how many woman have you be with ? cal sexually ? jacob yes . cal in my entire life ? jacob no , synchronize swim . yes , cal. sexually . Cal think . he mumble to himself , count it out on one hand . ( continued ) 39 . 34 continued : 34 he smile at Jacob proudly when he have to move the count to a second hand . then : cal one . Jacob chortle . but Cal just stare at he blankly . jacob wow , okay ... wow . ( then , check ) not at a time ? total ? cal what ? I marry young . we meet in high school . he smile , remember . cal Tracy be so damn beautiful . you know that woman , the one who can be wildly sexy and unbelievably cute all at once ? I never know how she do that . I still do not know how she do it . ( then ) anyway , we have a bit of a hiccup we senior year but we make it -- jacob Cal , I literally stop listen at ` Tracy . ' okay , here we go . cal ( a bit emotional ) I miss my wife . jacob shut up , Cal . a young woman slide into the booth at Jacob 's side . young woman hi. jacob hi. Jacob palmer . young woman Amy Johnson . Cal extend he hand . ( continued ) 40 . 34 continued : ( 2 ) 34 cal cal -- jacob ( quickly ) do not . he pull it back . cal ( to himself ) -- weaver . jacob can I get you a drink , Amy ? CUT to : 35 a drink 35 get hand over to : a new girl , on a new night . jacob tell I about yourself . what do you do ? new girl do it really matter ? jacob it do to I . she look up . he look completely earnest , repeat : jacob it do to I . she smile . pan to cal : just sit there watch , horrify . 36 back to jacob 36 now with newer girl . newer girl and that 's when I start write the column for LA weekly . God , how long have I be talk ? Jacob take she hand . ( continued ) 41 . 36 continued : 36 jacob listen , I be go to be honest : it 's get late and I think you be interesting . I also think you be one of that rare woman who manage to be both wildly sexy and incredibly cute all at once . on cal mouth agape . that be he line ! on jacob jacob let 's get out of here . I know it 's forward of I but just ... I think we should get out of here . she think , then nods . newer girl okay . flash CUT to : 37 the second girl 37 jacob I think we should get out of here . new girl okay . flash CUT to : 38 the first girl 38 jacob I think we should get out of here . first girl okay . 38a back to cal 38a wave goodbye awkwardly as Jacob leave with each of the girl ( in quick cut ) . finally : ( continued ) 42 . 38a continued : 38a Cal just sit there , completely alone . but then a pretty girl arrive at he table . Cal look up , smile . she smile back , then : she drop the bill on the table . she 's a waitress . and he 's be leave with the tab . CUT to : 39 int . classroom - afternoon ( one week later ) 39 on the blackboard : " scarlet letter , theme . " Robbie weaver sit at he 8th grade desk . in the b.g. , we hear a female teacher drine on about the scarlet letter . under he desk , Robbie be texting . intercut with : 40 int . high school - hallway - jessica 40 receive the text . on the cell phone screen the text : " hi , jessica . fyi : demi Moore be 15 year older than ashton k . they seem really happy . Love , Robbie . " her phone beeps with a new text : " p.s. do you know demi Moore star in the movie version of the scarlet letter ? " her phone beeps a third time : " she show boob :-) " she sigh . 41 back to robbie 41 please with himself . the female teacher drone on in the b.g. teacher ( o.s. ) while hester be force to wear a scarlet ` a ' as punishment for adultery , reverend dimmesdale 's ` a ' be self - inflicted -- Robbie 's phone beeps . a " new message . " Robbie smile . ( continued ) 43. 41 continued : 41 on the cell phone screen the text : " Robbie : please stop . U be make I very uncomfortable . " back to scene Robbie stare at the screen , crestfallen . teacher ( o.s. ) Mr. weaver ? be we interrupt ? Robbie look up : the whole CLASS be stare at he . teacher ( o.s. ) Mr. weaver ! slowly , Robbie stand . we head in tight on he . robbie you want to talk about the scarlet letter , Mrs. Thompson ? here you go : the ` a' they be both wear -- I think it stand for asshole . wanna know why ? because they be in love , and love be for stupid asshole . so thanks for choose this book , Mrs. Thompson , because this be what I need right now : to read a boring , confusing book about a bunch of stupid asshole who fall in love , like asshole , and then have to die , like asshole . I be sorry for cursing . CUT to : 42 int . tracy's office - later 42 Tracy work at she desk . a knock at she door interrupt . a tall man ( 40' ) stand there : david jacobowitz . david jacobowitz you have a second ? tracy oh , David . I be just a little swamp right now so ... he close the door behind he . david jacobowitz you have be avoid I . ( continued ) 44 . 42 continued : 42 tracy no , I have not . david jacobowitz you run away in the other direction when you see I come down the hall yesterday . ( beat ) you be very fast by the way . she sigh , give up . tracy I run track in high school . david jacobowitz that must be it . he turn serious . david jacobowitz I be sorry about you and Cal . tracy thank you . david jacobowitz I be also not sorry , if I be be completely honest . ( gathering himself ) I want to make sure you know how much I like you . tracy no , I do -- david jacobowitz a lot . just to clarify . I like you a lot . I have no intention of fall for a marry woman . I just want someone to go to lunch with who do not make I want to shoot myself in the face . but we start have lunch , and talk , and suddenly I be a accountant who be pop out of bed in the morning , excited to get to work . that do not happen to accountant . ever . I have check with other accountant . she smile . ( continued ) 45 . 42 continued : ( 2 ) 42 david jacobowitz so when the time be right for you to get back out there again , officially , I just ... I would like to throw my hat in the ring . officially . that sound weird . Tracy laugh lightly , lean forward . tracy David , you have be a great friend to I . and you be the first man in a very long time to make I feel ... notice , I guess ? what happen between we that night ... it mean something to I . you be not the only one excited to come to work lately . David smile . tracy but now , when I see you , all I see be he face . all I see when I look at you be what I do to my marriage . she 's lose it , wipe she eye . tracy you see this ? I be save you from disaster , David , `cause you be ask to pre-board the Titanic . honestly , do you really want any part of this ? before he can answer ... buzz ! it 's Tracy 's phone . assistant ( v.o. ) you son 's school on two . Tracy quickly pick up phone . as she talk , David scribbles something on a postcard , exit . tracy ( into phone ) right , okay . no , I understand . of course , right away . she hang up , look at the Post - it . it read , simply : " yes . " Tracy look up , but David be go . 46 . 43 int . principal' office waiting room - later 43 Robbie sit , wait . Tracy emerge . tracy ( call back in ) yes , of course . absolutely , principal sapienza , it will not happen again . she close the door behind she , look to Robbie . tracy seriously ? robbie sorry . she sigh . tracy it 's be a rough couple of week , you deserve a freebie . c'mon , I have to get back to work . they walk out together . tracy they still make kid read the scarlet letter , huh ? Robbie nods . tracy you would really think someone would have write something better by now . Robbie laugh , the tension break a bit . 44 int . tracy's office - later 44 Robbie wheel around in a office chair as Tracy try to work behind she desk . he stop , notice a photo . it 's a older picture of cal and tracy . they look happy . very much in love . Tracy notice . tracy guess I should take it down , huh ? robbie I guess . ( continued ) 47 . 44 continued : 44 Tracy nods . she place the picture face down gently . she try to return to she work , but can not . tracy how be he ? I have speak to he but only about bill , or you kid , but ... how be he , really ? Robbie hesitates . tracy sorry , that 's unfair . ignore I , I be almost do here . she turn back to she work . after a beat : robbie he 's dress a lot better . go out a lot . tracy oh. well , good . that 's ... really good . ( then , cover ) we will get take - out for dinner tonight , okay ? think about what you be in the mood for . Robbie hesitates , then add : robbie he 's sad . he look better , but ... sadder , too , I think . you know ? tracy yeah . I guess I be pretty sad , too . robbie I know . tracy you do ? robbie I hear you cry the other night and ... I do not know what to do . I be thirteen year old and ... can you just tell I what I be suppose to do in that situation ? I do not want to Google it . she smile , shake she head . ( continued ) 48 . 44 continued : ( 2 ) 44 tracy oh God , baby , you be so much like I it 's scary . you wound up with all my stuff , Robbie . I be so sorry . robbie I be okay with be like you , Mom . I like you . she put down she pen . smile sadly at Robbie . tracy it 's my fault , what happen with you father . it 's grow - up stuff that I can not talk about but ... it 's my fault . not he . so just ... be good to he , okay ? robbie it will be okay , Mom . tracy ( emotional ) you promise ? he nods , the most soulful thirteen - year- old ever . david jacobowitz ( o.s. ) hey , they need you in the conference room for a sec ... oh , sorry . they look up . it 's David . Tracy gather herself , stand . tracy David , this be my son , Robbie . Robbie , this be David . ( forced ) we work together . Robbie take he in , shake he hand . tracy I will be right back , okay , honey ? robbie david okay . okay . awkward . really awkward . Tracy start to say something , think better of it , and exit . David move into the room , sit down opposite Robbie . ( continued ) 49 . 44 continued : ( 3 ) 44 david jacobowitz so , Robbie ... I hear you be quite the soccer player . robbie so , David ... I hear you break up my parent ' marriage . he laugh awkwardly , shocked . robbie you be David jacobowitz , right ? from accounting ? david jacobowitz um , yes I be -- robbie here 's the thing , David : in the end , she wind up back with my dad . he 's better than you , in every category except probably math . and she still love he . Robbie prop the photo of Tracy and Cal back up . david jacobowitz listen , Robbie -- robbie now I know what you be think : `he 's just in 8th grade , what do he know about love ? ' I know a lot more than you think , David . just today , I have a meltdown , almost give up on the love of my life . my dad 's have he meltdown now , but long - term ? he will not stop fight for my mom any more than I will not stop send jessica text that make she uncomfortable . and you need to know that . Tracy re-enters . tracy you ready to go ? robbie ( suddenly sweet ) mommy , can we do chinese for dinner tonight ? ( continued ) 50 . 44 continued : ( 4 ) 44 Tracy wave to David as she and Robbie exit , leave he stunne in the middle of she office , stare at : the photo of cal and tracy that Robbie have leave directly in he line of sight . CUT to : 45 ext . the weaver backyard - late evening 45 bushes rustle . once , then twice . it 's Cal , sneaking into the backyard . he take a covert look inside the house . all be quiet . he get to work . -- he spread fertilizer on the grass . -- trim some bush . -- pick off some petal from some die flower . it 's the strangest goddamn thing you have ever see . finally , he finish . on cal content . his yard may not be he anymore , but it 's back in order . as he take it all in ... a light pop on . Cal dive into a shrub . 46 int . bar - that night 46 another night at the bar : Cal 's in he position , Jacob in he . Cal sip he drink , stare aimlessly forward . Jacob look at Cal . Cal look great , more comfortable in he new " skin " than when we leave he . he 's drink a martini , rather than a red-strawe vodka cranberry . a waitress pass . without speak , Cal tap the rim of the glass , silently request a refill . it 's a cool , practice move ... and he do it instinctively . Jacob smile , lean forward . jacob I think you be ready , Cal . cal for what ? ( continued ) 51 . 46 continued : 46 jacob to talk to a woman , take a woman home . cal oh , no . no , I be not . jacob you have be watch I do it for two week . cal yeah , well , I have be watch lebron James for year , do not mean I can suddenly dunk a basketball . jacob Cal , do you remember the part in karate kid , where Mr. miagi keep have the kid wax the car and the kid get all bent out of shape because he do not see the point , but the movement be actually building block for throw and block punch ? cal oh God . be you go to make I fight someone ? Jacob stretch he neck , try he patience : jacob Cal , what 's the first thing I do when a woman sit down ? cal you ask if you can buy she a drink . jacob and what if she say no ? cal you order she a drink anyway , let it sit there . jacob when she ask I a question about myself ? ( continued ) 52 . 46 continued : ( 2 ) 46 cal you deflect it back to she . you never answer question about yourself . jacob and what happen ? cal they talk about themselves . a lot . jacob and what do I do ? cal you act really interested . you nod a lot . jacob and at the end of the night ? cal you compliment they , then you ask if they would like to come back to you place . jacob do I ask ? cal no . you confidently tell they you would like they to come back to you place . ( then ) Holy shit ! you Mr. miagi would I ! Jacob bow to Cal , japanese style . a pretty woman stand near they table . Jacob stand , smile . jacob oh , and no talk about you job , you child , you pathetic sexual history , or David jacobowitz . okay , here we go ... cal what , no , I be not ready for -- ( then , to woman ) hi! Jacob have pull she over . she 's attractive , mid - thirty . ( continued ) 53. 46 continued : ( 3 ) 46 jacob Cal , this be kate . kate , Cal . Jacob nods at Cal ( " you have get this " ) and leave they . kate sit . Cal smile at kate , nervous . she smile back . Cal motion for a waitress in the distance . cal can I buy you a drink , kate ? kate ( pretty woman ) oh . no thank you . Cal smile , portray confidence . cal I be buy you a drink anyway , kate , so you might as well tell I what you want . kate really , thank you but it 's okay . cal I be guess you be a vodka girl , be I right ? yeah ? a nice dirty martini ? no , no , no : a grey Goose , rock , extra lime ? c'mon , one drink ! picture that ice cube clinking together . mmmm . can not you taste it ? she smile . kate yes , I can but ... I be , uh , five year sober so ... Cal 's face drop . the waitress approach . waitress what can I get -- cal nothing . we do not want anything . do not come back here ever . the waitress leave , confuse . kate look around , uncomfortable . she try small - talk . kate so ... what do you do , Cal ? cal what do you do , kate ? ( continued ) 54 . 46 continued : ( 4 ) 46 kate I ask you first . cal I ask you second . she laugh lightly , think he 's be funny . kate seriously , what do you do ? cal seriously , what do you do ? now it 's get a little weird . kate I be a teacher . now , c'mon : what do you do ? Cal nods , exaggerated . cal teacher . interesting . I be very interested in teach . kate I be sorry , be you not go to tell I what you do ? he 's still nodd , as if fascinate . cal a teacher with a alcohol dependency no less , I bet that 's actually more common than people realize ... kate I should get back to my friend -- kate stand . Cal put he face in he hand . cal I be sorry ! I be suppose to deflect you question ... oh screw it : I be in corporate insurance . and I have child . plural . more than one . the only thing I have one of , be sexual partner , that would be the woman I recently separate from because she be cheating on I with David jacobowitz who I be not suppose to tell you about either . ( continued ) 55 . 46 continued : ( 5 ) 46 kate turn back , curious . kate what be you suppose to tell I ? cal I do not know : that you be a perfect combination of sexy and cute -- it be something I say about my wife that 's since be corrupt . but I be tired , and I be at least fifteen year older than you , and this sweater be call slim fitting but it 's really just uncomfortable and itchy . kate you think I be a perfect combination of sexy and cute ? Cal look up . cal that 's what you take away from that ? she smile , sit back down . kate wow , a actual honest man . I do not know what to do with that . it 's kind of ... rare around here . ( then ) it 's nice , actually . cal it be ? kate you have no idea . I be kind of a magnet for this jerk -off . they charm I , and I fall for it , and at some point they just ... never call I again . cal ( genuine ) I do not understand . look at you . who would not call you again ? she look up . it 's not a line , it 's a genuine compliment . she smile warmly . Holy shit , Cal be in ! ( continued ) 56 . 46 continued : ( 6 ) 46 kate so ... what be you isuppose ' to do next ? cal well , eventually I be isuppose ' to ask you if you want to get out of here . actually no , I be suppose to tell you , confidently , that you should come home with I . kate why do not you give it a shot , see what happen ? Cal look up , surprised . he clear he throat , then : cal you be very pretty , kate . and I can not tell if you be be serious , but I think you should come home with I . kate ( playful ) ask I again . Cal smile and lean forward , faux - confident . cal I be not ask you , kate . I be tell you : you should come home with I . kate look up , genuinely turn - on . cue music : " sexyback " by Justin timberlake . smash CUT to : 47 int . corporate apartment - later 47 Cal and kate barge in , passionately kissing . cal ( gasp for breath ) this be my dumpy apartment that I have to move into when I leave my wife . ( continued ) 57 . 47 continued : 47 kate ( turned on ) I love that you be be so honest . it 's so different , so hot . cal I have never be with a woman besides my ex-wife . kate more , tell I more . cal I be worried you have aids . she stop . cal only a little . she push he down on the couch , take she sweater off . she 's wear just a bra . she look amazing . kate what do you want to do with I ? cal show you off to my wife to make she jealous . she growls and dive on top of he as we launch : 48 cal weaver be " sexyback " montage ( the next few week ) 48 -- the next morning a dishevele cal let kate out , give she a big passionate kiss , and close the door . -- we stay on the door . after a beat , it open up : as Cal bid farewell to a new girl on a new morning . 49 at the bar 49 Cal stride in -- a skip in he step , a perfectly tailore suit on he body . everything 's in slow motion . he point at someone , wink at a waitress ... a sad sack guy at the bar watch Cal stride by , jealous . Cal weaver have evolve into " the fuck man . " 58 . 50 snapshot 50 meanwhile -- 1 ) hannah study late into the night for the bar . 2 ) jessica read magazine article on " how to make him notice you . " 3 ) tracy eat ice cream in bed , alone . 4 ) robbie drag mysterious wood plank into he backyard . but we be mainly with cal ... 51 back to cal' apartment 51 a new woman exit . the door close . it re-open as he kiss goodbye another woman ! 52 back at the bar -- cal and jacob 52 be mid-conversation . jacob ... it would work ! cal you be out of you mind . jacob what do college guy hate ? do laundry . what do they love ? stripper . it 's a strip club where they can do they laundry . cal it 's ridiculous . jacob and yours be not ? a candy store that only sell red candy . cal everyone love the cherry . look , I be not rejecting the psuedo - cherry flavor like raspberry or strawberry , anything in the - erry family be allow . but let 's be real here : no one want the lemon . no one like the grape . jacob I like grape . cal well then you can not come to my store . ( continued ) 59 . 52 continued : 52 they laugh , quickly become inseparable . 53 int . suburban kitchen - evening 53 a late 40s couple eat dinner : bernie ( the big guy who " break up " with Cal earlier ) and claire , a bubbly little woman -- the polar opposite of she husband . claire oh , I almost forget -- hear some good gossip at the nail salon . bernie for God 's sake , Claire . claire ( sing - songy ) it 's about Cal . bernie leave the poor bastard alone , would you ? I give he the cologne like you tell I to . we do not have to dance on he grave . voice ( o.s. ) what do you hear about Mr. weaver , Mom ? pull back -- jessica ( the babysitter ) sit at the nearby counter , eating next to her little brother ( 13 ) . claire apparently , Mr. weaver have become quite a man-about - town if you get my drift . jessica what ? claire lot of young woman come in and out of he apartment lately . bernie Claire , would you cut it out ? claire it 's good for jess to know . she still baby - sit for he after all . ( continued ) 60 . 53 continued : 53 bernie oh , c'mon ! enough . claire well , it 's good gossip at the least . ooh , guess what else I hear ... as she continue chatter in the b.g. , we hold on jessica . think . 54 int . high school hallway - next day 54 jessica wait at she locker . she spot a tall blonde girl move down the hallway , texting as she walk . jessica madison ! madison , wait ! madison stop walk , but not texting . jessica hey , I have a question -- madison hold up a finger ( " one second " ) and continue texting . finally , she stop . look up . smile . madison hey , jessica , whassup ? jessica I have a question for you , madison . it 's kind of on the personal side so ... madison my lip be ... madison extend she arm , begin clap and make weird noise . jessica stare at she blankly . madison ( explaining ) seal . ( then ) my lip be seal . jessica oh , okay . so , madison , here 's the thing ... I do not mean to be blunt or insulting but , let 's call it what it be : you be always sleep with older guy , right ? ( continued ) 61 . 54 continued : 54 madison ( nodding ) always . jessica lot of college guy , I have hear . madison lot of they . jessica even rumor about a few teacher . madison totally . jessica so my question be : how do you do that ? I mean , how do you get they not to see you as ... well , a kid in high school ? madison oh , well first off , I have a huge rack . jessica you do , yes . madison so that help . jessica yes , I be sure it do . madison you do not have a huge rack . jessica no , I do not unfortunately . madison so that 's not gonna work . jessica nope . madison sigh . madison okay , here 's what you do . wait , how old be he ? jessica Old . ( continued ) 62 . 54 continued : ( 2 ) 54 madison like really old ? jessica like parent old . madison nasty . rock on , jessica . jessica thank you , madison . madison alright , you have to hook he . Force he hand . make he unable to stop himself from do what he know to be wrong . jessica how ? madison do what I do . send he a postcard from downtown . jessica huh ? madison go tmz on he ass . jessica I be not follow you , madis -- madison the full gyno . off jessica 's blank look . madison a crotch shot ? a nip slip ? ( then ) a dirty picture ! you can even Annie leibowitz it . tasteful but with nipple . yeah , that 's what you should do : make it artistic . Black and white . make this face . she make a raw sexual face . jessica Jesus , madison ! ( continued ) 63. 54 continued : ( 3 ) 54 madison well , you come to I for advice , that 's my advice . you put that across he radar , he will not see you as a little girl anymore , that 's for sure . madison walk off , call back . madison do not send it to he as a jpeg , though . he will put it up on he fantasy football web-site . and then you brother see it , tell you mom , and suddenly you be not allow to use Facebook for a month . thanks , Kevin ! she leave jessica there , processing the advice . 55 ext . high school - later that day 55 jessica exit the school , lose in think . there 's a bit of commotion outside . teenager be point and laughing at something . jessica push through and see : robbie , stand atop a man-made , tall , wooden platform / scaffold in front of the school . robbie ( dramatically ) there she be ! on jessica oh shit . back to robbie as he rip OPEN he button - up shirt , revealing a scarlet J tape to he pale , hairless chest . he have recreate the famous scarlet letter tableau . he pull out a piece of paper , read it . ( continued ) 64 . 55 continued : 55 robbie Nathaniel hawthorne write in the scarlet letter : ` no man for any considerable period can wear one face to himself and another to the multitude , without finally get bewilder as to which may be the true . ' Robbie put down the paper , ignore the jeer . robbie I be not bewilder ! jessica riley be my soulmate . she 's the one ! I know it to be true , and so now do the multitude . ( correcting himself ) multitudes ? ( then , decide ) no , multitude . jessica Robbie , get down ! robbie I have mark myself with this scarlet J , jessica ! for you . because you name start with a J. it 's just tape and construction paper but one day I will get a permanent tattoo when I be old enough that my parent will not freak out on I . jessica Robbie weaver ! I be you baby - sitter and I be tell you to get you ass down from there now ! that do the trick . he get down to mock applause . jessica pull he off to the side . jessica ( heat whisper ) what the hell be you think ? robbie you like the scaffold ? it have wheel . take four week to build it . ( then ) oh , that be my friend , they help I wheel it down . Wave hello . ( continued ) 65 . 55 continued : ( 2 ) 55 off to the side : Three excited thirteen -year-old wave and give thumb - ups to Robbie . jessica wave , confuse , turn back to Robbie . jessica this have to stop , Robbie . seriously . robbie you will learn to love I . I promise . jessica I will not . robbie just because I be four year young than you ? jessica because I love someone else !!! this stop Robbie dead in he track . jessica I have be spend time with he for a while . Robbie stumble , less sure - foote than usual . robbie no . you can not . I have check . no boyfriend since ninth grade . no date for spring formal last month -- jessica he 's older . I do not want my parent to know . and with that , Robbie literally just sit down on the ground , all the wind take out of he . it might be the cutest thing you have ever see . robbie who be he ? jessica it do not matter . robbie do I know he ? be he from town ? jessica I do not know . yes , kind of . ( continued ) 66 . 55 continued : ( 3 ) 55 robbie I will kill he if he hurt you . jessica try not to smile . jessica I know . but this all have to stop now , Robbie . the speech , the text , all of it . it 's very sweet , but it have to stop . he just sit there , lose . jessica I will see you around , okay ? she exit . Robbie remain seat on the grass . devastate . his three friend approach . robbie' friend we should probably get the scaffold back on the road before dark . robbie yeah . 56 int . cal' corporate apartment - afternoon ( next day ) 56 Robbie 's on the couch , deject . his little sister sit next to he , watch High School musical as always . in the adjoin kitchen , Cal be on the phone . cal ( into phone ) hey , nanna ! I know , it 's be forever . have you be get out at all ? I will bring you some of that deli you like one night , okay ? the kid ? they be fine . ( to other room ) kid , say hi to nanna . robbie and molly hi , nanna ! cal oh , I have be keep busy . make a new buddy , I have be spend time with he . yeah , I be go to see she tomorrow night . of course I miss she . you do not know how much I miss ... ( continued ) 67 . 56 continued : 56 his voice crack . he turn , see Robbie stare . he head into the bathroom with the phone , close the door . Robbie sigh , turn back to the tv . CUT to : 57 ext . cal' corporate apartment - later that day 57 Cal and Robbie be have a catch . Robbie be listless . robbie so you be see Mom tomorrow , huh ? at my parent- teacher thing ? cal yeah . robbie first time in a while . cal yeah , but no biggie . Cal toss he back the ball . cal hey , what 's with the mope ? robbie nothing . it 's just ... there 's this girl . Cal smile . cal oh yeah ? you like she ? robbie I like pringles . this girl 's my soulmate . I be like crazy , stupid , in love with she . and she want someone else . cal but she 's you soulmate ? robbie yeah . cal well you can not just give up . ( continued ) 68 . 57 continued : 57 robbie why not ? ( then , quietly ) you do . Cal freeze . robbie Mom be yours , right ? cal I do not give up . robbie listen , dad . I love you . I have you back , always . but let 's be honest here : the woman tell you she want a divorce and you jump out of a car . cal it be slightly more complicated than that . and I be a different guy now . robbie you be the same guy . you just have different clothes . do you still love she ? cal how old be you ? robbie ( strongly ) do you still love Mom ? Cal do not say anything . his silence speak volume . cal be not we talk about you ? robbie we be . you son be in desperate need of some romantic inspiration . so set a example for you boy . do not give up . it 's complicated ? uncomplicate it . she say no ? Change she mind . look at you , you be the man right now , dad . get she back . ( dramatically ) get back my mom . ( continued ) 69 . 57 continued : ( 2 ) 57 Robbie punctuate he pep talk by toss Cal the ball , hard . Cal be lose in think . the ball sail past he and through the window of a nearby car . 58 ext . middle school - next night 58 parent walk hand - in-hand , into the school . it 's parent - teacher conference night . 59 int . middle school - next night 59 Cal sit on a small chair outside a classroom . Tracy approach . tracy ( o.s. ) wow . Cal look up . Tracy stand there . she 's dress down , but look amazing . vulnerable and nervous . tracy ( floored ) you look great , Cal . cal oh , well turn out I have be buy the wrong size suit for twenty year so ... tracy well you look great . really . Cal smile . cal thank you . ( then ) you always look great , so ... awkward . neither know what to say now . Tracy take the seat next to he . cal I talk to nanna yesterday . tracy I , too . she sound okay to you ? cal she sound like ... nanna . she worry about we . ( continued ) 70 . 59 continued : 59 Tracy nods . a long beat , then : cal I feel like I be about to get detention . Tracy laugh , tension break a bit . cal which teacher be this ? tracy Mrs. Thompson . this be the one he pull the scarlet letter asshole routine on . Cal smile . cal he 's a really weird kid , be not he ? tracy yeah . ( then ) I kind of like he , though . cal I do , too . I be so glad we switch the baby at the hospital . tracy I , too . they laugh . God , this two be great together when they be in rhythm . the laughter trickle away . a awkward beat , then : cal so , how be thing with ... ( a beat , then ) how 's it go with David ? she look down . tracy oh ... it 's not . ( then ) it be not about he , if that mean anything . cal no , I know . ( continued ) 71 . 59 continued : ( 2 ) 59 Cal look at he watch , a nervous gesture . tracy you see anyone ? cal who , I ? no . you know I . no , not really . tracy oh. because you hear thing , you know . cal yeah , well ... another long beat of silence . Cal gather himself , take a breath , and turn toward Tracy . cal I miss you , T. Tracy look up surprised . cal I get complacent , I think . you find you soulmate in high school ... you have get the game sew up in the first quarter , you know ? she smile . cal I put in a effort when we be young , do not I ? I would do anything to make you happy : take you miniature golf , dance -- you be such a good dancer . tracy I have to be . you be such a good miniature golfer . he smile , emboldene . cal all I ever want to do be make you love I . and then you do , really early on . and we get marry so young . and I guess ... I get lazy . I get boring . and I be furious at you for what you do . but I do not totally blame you , if that make any sense ? ( more ) ( continued ) 72 . 59 continued : ( 3 ) 59 cal ( cont 'd ) ( then ) I should not have jump out of the car . I should have fight for you . you fight for you soulmate . at least that 's what we thirteen - year - old tell I . Tracy 's eye well up with tear . tracy he 's a very strange boy , be not he ? cal I will be honest : he scare the shit out of I . she laugh through she tear . tracy I miss you , too . Cal take she hand , kiss it . voice ( o.s. ) Mr. and Mrs. weaver ? they turn around . at doorway it 's Robbie 's English teacher , Mrs. Thompson ... better know to we as : kate ( the teacher from the bar who Cal sleep with ) . Cal freeze , he lip on Tracy 's hand . cal oh god. kate Cal ? what be you do here ? cal ( look to the sky ) really ? tracy you two know each other ? cal um , yes ... we have meet before . ( continued ) 73. 59 continued : ( 4 ) 59 kate we have meet before ? seriously ? cal Mrs. Thompson ? this be my wife . Tracy . kate oh , so now she 's you wife again ? how convenient ! kate 's get louder now . cal why do not we head inside ? kate yes , why don 't we !? she storm inside . Tracy look at Cal , follow she in . 60 int . classroom - continuous action 60 kate pace in front of the classroom . tracy I be sorry , I be play catch - up : how do you two know each other ? kate maybe you husband should tell you . Cal hesitates . cal we have a mutual friend . kate ha ! cal you know , maybe we should focus on Robbie ? kate yes , let 's do that . let 's focus on Robbie . kate go to she blackboard . ( continued ) 74 . 60 continued : 60 kate as you know , Robbie 's shine moment this year be when he set a school record for cursing in a eighth grade English class . she write on the board : asshole . she underline it . kate asshole . be you familiar with this word , Mrs. weaver ? cal she 's hear it , yes . so in term of Robbie 's progress -- kate asshole : as in , someone who tell a woman that he will call , and never do . cal we be a little concerned about Robbie 's grade on he oral book report -- kate asshole : as in , someone who use `honesty ' to get a woman into bed with he , but be actually full of shit like the rest of they . cal because usually he 's a very strong public speaker -- kate asshole : as in , someone who allow a woman to go down on he for forty - five minute because he 's `nervous ' -- cal okay ! enough !!! kate stop . Cal turn to Tracy . she look crestfallen . cal I can explain . Tracy rush out of the room . Cal call after she . cal she 's a alcoholic ! you can not trust what she say ! ( continued ) 75 . 60 continued : ( 2 ) 60 kate scream in horror . Cal race after Tracy . kate race after Cal . 61 int . school hallway - continuous action 61 a three - way chase : cal Tracy , wait ! tracy leave I alone , Cal ! kate I be sober for five year , you asshole ! on spectator teachers and parent ( include jessica 's parent ) , step out into the hallway and follow they outside . 62 ext . school - continuous action 62 Tracy race to she car . cal Tracy , c'mon ! we be separate . tracy ( fumble for key ) I know , and I cheat , so it do not make any sense for I to be mad at you . cal okay , so -- tracy I can not do this now , Cal . cal Tracy , I love you . kate tell she she 's the perfect combination of sexy and cute , asshole ! Tracy look at Cal , stunne . that 's they thing . ( continued ) 76 . 62 continued : 62 cal it 's a funny story , actually -- tracy I be go home . she open the car door . cal Tracy , wait ! yes , I sleep with she ! I sleep with we son' eighth grade teacher ! gasp from the crowd . Claire ( jessica 's Mom ) take a picture with she cell phone . cal but all it do be confirm what I already know : that I love , you ! I love you !!! Tracy hesitates . Cal seize the moment . cal before , you be the only woman I would ever be with or want to be with . and now , even after I have be with eleven woman , you be still ... he instantly trail off , realize . more gasp . cal ( meekly complete ) ... the only woman I want to be with . tracy I do not even know who you be . Tracy get in she car and speed off . cal ( weakly , to himself ) I be you soulmate . Cal turn around to the crowd , only to be meet ... by a slap across the face by kate . she storm off . cal he deserve a `a' on that book report and you know it ! ( continued ) 77 . 62 continued : ( 2 ) 62 thunder crack in the sky . it begin to pour . Cal stand there , soak . he look up at the sky . cal really !!!??? 63 ext . cheesecake factory 63 meanwhile , the rain pour down as diner scurry into the restaurant . 64 int . cheesecake factory - continuous action 64 we have be here before ... the same group of boring people at the same table . Liz and Hannah chat off to the side . there 's a cake on the table that say " congrat hannah ! " Richard stand on a chair . richard Excuse I , everyone . everyone !? the room go quiet . richard now , if we could get we guest of honor over here ... I forget what she look like , anyone remember ? polite laugh . Liz gag herself with she finger , look at Hannah . Hannah take a deep breath , downs she drink , and walk over to Richard . be this it ? richard I be so proud of you , baby . I have my doubt , of course ... more cheesy laughter . richard now I do tell you that it would be a special night when you pass the bar . and I be a lawyer so you know I never lie ... more heckling from the crowd . Liz desperately order another drink , barely able to take it . richard so , Hannah , I would like to formally ask you , in front of all we friend and colleague ... ( continued ) 78 . 64 continued : 64 Hannah wait , freeze . richard ... if you would like to become a permanent lawyer at the firm of watkin , Goldberg , and Schmidt !? cheer . Hannah step back , breathless . Richard react . richard you do not have a better offer already , do you ? everyone laugh . hannah no , that 's great . I just ... ( then , privately ) I be sorry , I think ... I think you be about to propose . the room go quiet , try to hear . richard what ? hannah no , I just ... it 's fine . I be sorry , I just get throw be all . Richard pull Hannah off to the side . richard honey , I be so sorry , I do not realize . hannah no , no , do not be silly , it 's fine . richard it 's definitely a possibility , down the road . I think I just need a little more time . I be still figure out how I feel about we , you know : long-term . hannah no , I know ... ( then ) wait -- you be figure out how you feel about we ? she laugh . once . then twice . loudly . everyone 's now watch . Liz get a good seat , excited . ( continued ) 79 . 64 continued : ( 2 ) 64 richard honey ? she 's really laugh now . hannah you know what the best part be : I would have say yes ! to you ! and I do not even want you to propose ! just now , I swear to God : I be hope you would not propose . and I still would have say yes ! that 's how pathetic I be ! she snag someone else 's drink from the table , downs it . she grab Richard 's cheek . hannah I will consider you job offer , thank you so much , Richard . hysterically laughing , she walk away . as she pass , Liz stick out she hand and they slap five . 65 int . bar 65 meanwhile , Jacob sit alone in the bar . he check he watch . no Cal . suddenly , he look very alone at he usual table . he shake it off , stand , and approach the table of a group of nearby women . on the women one of they be tell a story : woman and you know what she say ? jacob ( o.s. ) what ? what do she say ? the woman look up . on jacob stand there , in all he glory . he flash he coolest smile . they melt . we have see this before . slam ! the door to the bar bust open , revealing : ( continued ) 80 . 65 continued : 65 hannah . she 's drip wet from the rain , look almost wild . she scan the room , quickly , search for ... jacob . she spot he , march straight to he . for the first time , he look like a deer in the headlight . she grab he . kiss he . a long , deep , almost angry kiss . she pull back . hannah do you remember I ? jacob yes . hannah do you still think I be attractive ? jacob yes . hannah do you still want to take I home ? jacob yes . Hannah nods , take he hand . hannah let 's go . she lead he out of the bar . we stay with the women Jacob have just be introduce himself to . woman # 1 slut . 66 int . jacob be apartment - later 66 we have not be here yet . it 's exactly what you would expect though : a elegant bachelor - pad . modern furniture . sleek . everything just right . Jacob put a album on he record player . ( continued ) 81 . 66 continued : 66 hannah this place look like something out of a man 's magazine . jacob be that a compliment ? hannah I be not sure . Music start play : " as tear go by " by the Stones . hannah I like this song . jacob I think you would . ( then ) drink ? hannah yes , please . Jacob pour two nice glass of scotch , neat . bring they ( and the bottle ) over towards the couch . he pat the couch . Hannah nod , walk over , sit down . jacob cheer . hannah cheer . they clink . Jacob take a sip . Hannah downs hers . she hold out she glass for a refill . Jacob raise a brow , pour she another . this time she hold her nose as she downs it . as soon as she finish choke ... hannah so be this how it normally work ? jacob what ? hannah how you woo a woman ? you take they back to you granite - counter bachelor pad , put on the perfect song , and make they a drink ? ( continued ) 82. 66 continued : ( 2 ) 66 jacob yes . that 's how it normally work . Hannah nods , grab the bottle , take a swig . hannah and then you sleep with they ? jacob yes . hannah so that 's what happen next ? we sleep together ? jacob at some point , yes , I be under the impression that be you plan . she take a deep breath , admit : hannah I be very nervous . jacob I be get that . hannah I know at the bar I seem confident , but I be more just soaking wet and cold and try to be dramatic . Jacob laugh . he actually laugh . jacob you be adorable . Hannah snap , already tipsy . hannah no ! not adorable ! sexy ! r-rated sexy ! because I know what happen next in the pg - 13 version of tonight : I get really drunk , and I pass out , and you cover I with a blanket , and kiss my forehead , and nothing happen ... but that 's not why I be here ! ( then ) I be here to bang the hot guy from the bar who hit on I . ( continued ) 83. 66 continued : ( 3 ) 66 jacob I do not think people say `bang ' anymore . hannah I do . we be go to bang . I be finally go to do something exciting and dangerous and Liz can blow I ! Hannah shake she hand out , pump herself up . hannah okay , okay , this be happen . ( then ) take off you shirt . jacob what ? hannah I need to stop think . take off you shirt . Jacob shrug , stand , unbutton he shirt and take it off . he 's rip . hannah Holy crap . she poke a finger at he abs . hannah it 's like you be photo-shopped . jacob now take off yours . hannah no way ! not with all that happen ... she motion casually at he abs . hannah so ... do you prefer to do it here or in the bedroom ? jacob ( amuse ) in the bedroom be preferable . Hannah stand , a girl on a mission . ( continued ) 84 . 66 continued : ( 4 ) 66 hannah good . let 's go there . 67 int . bar 67 meanwhile Cal , beat up and soaking wet from the rain , enter . he look to he usual table , in need of a friend 's company . but Jacob be not there . CUT back to : 68 int . jacob be bedroom - continuous action 68 Hannah lie on she back in the dim light . Jacob be on top of she , shirtless . they be make out , gently . hannah ( tipsy ) this pillow be amazing . it form perfectly to the shape of my head . jacob I be glad you like it . they resume kissing . after a beat , she pull back again . hannah wait , be this that foam pillow from brookstone ? off he look ... hannah they be , be not they !? I always wonder who actually busy they ! you do ! the hot guy from the bar busy they ! of course ! she shake she head , amaze . gather herself . hannah sorry , let 's proceed . Jacob smile , go to kiss she ... she pull back again . hannah you do not have one of that ridiculous massage chair , do you ? ( continued ) 85 . 68 continued : 68 jacob ( lying ) no . hannah oh. my. God ! you totally do ! jacob ( admitting ) I do . she start laughing hysterically . it 's infectious . hannah how much do it cost ? jacob five thousand doll -- that double her over , hysterical . Jacob start laugh with she ... really laugh . we can tell : this be different for he . he like she . we watch he as he realize that . as he process it . we watch he look at Hannah . on hannah Hair in she face : drunk , laugh , completely amazing . and then ... Jacob do the most unexpected thing : jacob do I a favor . ask I a question about myself . hannah what ? no ! I do not want to know anything about you . jacob c'mon , one question . hannah okay , fine , but then we bang . jacob absolutely . now , come on , I will answer anything . you can ask I about my job , or past girlfriend -- hannah what 's you mom like ? ( continued ) 86 . 68 continued : ( 2 ) 68 the question take he by surprise . he hesitates , then : jacob icy ... I guess ? not cruel , but cold . very cold . hannah and you father ? jacob he die , long time ago . Left we a lot of money , which be how I have ... he motion at he pillow . jacob stuff like this . she motion at he abs . hannah and time for stuff like that ? he laugh . jacob my dad be the opposite of my mom , actually ... we pull back as they continue chat . time pass , as one question lead to another , and then another . body language shift . -- soon they be sit in bed , share the scotch from the bottle , just talk . then kissing . then lie on they side , face - to - face , talk some more . -- until finally : it 's Jacob who pass out . and it 's Hannah who cover he with a blanket , and kiss he on the forehead , and begin fall in love with he . cue music as we begin a ... montage . in one continuous dolly move we head , first , to ... 87 . 69 int . coffee shop - morning 69 Hannah look longingly at Jacob 's plate of pancake . he notice , switch plate . she smile . he smile . God , he 's crazy about she . he look at the next table , watch a lovelorn guy switch plate with he girlfriend . uh-oh . 70 int . movie theatre - night 70 dolly down the row , hand be hold between couple , all entrance by the movie , until we reveal : jacob stare down at he hand , lock with Hannah 's . he look terrify . 71 int . hannah's bedroom - evening 71 now it 's Hannah who 's asleep in bed , and Jacob who stare at she lovingly . suddenly , he catch himself . in a series of comedic jump - cut , he wrestle with the implication of what 's happen to he . -- pace . a drink . a big drink . finger pull at he own hair . hyperventilate . more stare . more pace . CUT to : 71a int . hannah's bedroom 71a and finally , he lose the battle : he tuck Hannah under a blanket , kiss she forehead , and finally ... give in to fall in love with she . CUT to : 72 int . bar - evening 72 Cal be sit at the table that once belong to Jacob . he suddenly seem very alone . ( continued ) 88. 72 continued : 72 he look towards the bar , notice that same sad sack middle - aged guy . also alone . he pick up he cell . 73 int . restaurant - continuous action 73 Tracy sit at a table , flowers off to the side . her phone ring . she look at it , see it 's " Cal . " she hit ignore . pull back to reveal david jacobwitz , across from she . he look at Tracy and smile . she smile back weakly . 74 ext . weaver house - later 74 the awkward end of a first date . David walk Tracy to the front door . she 's carry that same flower . awkward beat . david jacobowitz I have fun tonight , Tracy . and I be wonder if -- tracy David , stop . look , I have a nice time , which be a substantial upgrade from the rest of the ... time I have be have lately . so , I do not think I be ready to start dating but my ex clearly be and there 's a yogurt shop where they make this eight calorie ice cream that taste like a laxative , so if you would like to take I there sometime I guess I would not say no . david jacobowitz wow . you know , that 's exactly what I be think . it 's almost uncanny . they laugh . this be the moment . romantic chemistry . be they go to kiss ? Holy cow . and then ... the door open . jessica stand there . jessica hello . tracy oh , jessica . hi. sorry . jessica , this be my work - friend . ( more ) ( continued ) 89 . 74 continued : 74 tracy ( cont 'd ) he 's a accountant name David . David , this be my baby - sitter , jessica . okay , David , well everything sound great . spreadsheet . David smile knowingly . david jacobowitz I will see you at work . he exit . Tracy stand there with jessica , awkward . inside the door Robbie sneak down the stair . from a kneel position , he can hear and see everything . jessica so ... how be dinner ? tracy it be just for work . jessica ( pointedly ) it 's a pretty dress . tracy oh , thanks . Tracy reach for she purse , awkwardly . tracy so how much do I owe yo -- jessica do you know you kid be the only one I baby - sit for who always want to stay awake so they can see they dad when he get home . I mean , they fight with everything they have to keep they eye open so they can hear what dad have for dinner , or how he like the movie . lot of kid want to stay awake for Mom -- and you kid always want to see you , do not get I wrong -- but not a lot wait up for dad . maybe it 's because he 's good , and he 's kind , and he 's decent . ( continued ) 90 . 74 continued : ( 2 ) 74 tracy what be you talk abo -- jessica batshit crazy . she walk out the door . Tracy look confuse . tracy jessica ? jessica turn , explode ? jessica I don't want you slutty money ! she storm off . tracy jessica ! but she 's go . Tracy sigh ( " what the hell be that " ) and close the door . 75 int . house - continuous action 75 Tracy lock the door and lean against it ... processing what jessica just say about Cal . she put the flowers down on the table , and head into the kitchen . on robbie at top of the stair , regard the flower . 76 ext . STREET - later 76 cue music . Robbie ride he bike down the street . he 's get Tracy 's flowers nestle in he handlebar . 77 int . jessica's bedroom - minute later 77 jessica enter in a huff , go right toward a drawer in she dresser . she pull out a camera . in quick cut we watch as she : set it on she dresser . Hit the timer . step back . drop she clothes to the floor . ( continued ) 91 . 77 continued : 77 print a photo from she camera . and place it in a envelope reading : " Cal weaver . " with a heart . she stare at the envelope for a beat . just then : her doorbell ring . jessica jump , start . she quickly put the envelope in a drawer and head for the door . 78 int . jessica's house - moment later 78 she open the front door . sitting on she stoop : the same flower that David jacobowitz give Tracy sit out front . she look at the note . it read : " just give I a chance , love David J " but the " David J. " have be cross out and replace with " Robbie . " she shake she head , take the flower , close the door . 79 ext . the weaver backyard - late evening 79 music continue as we spy the weaver family through they window : Robbie play video game in he room . Molly watch she show in hers . Tracy in the kitchen . we move down the house , and outside , where we discover : Cal in stealth mode , tend to he backyard . he fertilize , trim and water . all under cover of night . tracy ( o.s. ) kid ! Ice cream ! Cal look into the live room . Tracy have bring out ice cream : a carton with three spoon . the kid race down the stair , join she , and start eat . laugh . we take in the real - time tableau : Cal 's wife and child -- he family -- inside . Cal : watch they from the outside , look in . it 's touch . it 's complicated . it 's horribly painful . inside ... Tracy look at she kid , think of something . she step into the kitchen , close the door , and dial she phone . Cal lean toward the window , suspicious . outside ... Cal 's phone ring . he jump to silence it . ( continued ) 92 . 79 continued : 79 cal hello ? tracy hi , Cal . silence . Cal be look at she inside . she have no idea . tracy so ... I be in the basement . I be try to get the water heater work `cause the pilot 's out and I do not know how to relight it . obviously Cal see she 's not in the basement . tracy I be sorry to bother you , I just ... what do I do ? Cal lower the phone , look at she , hesitates . then : cal it 's fine , it 's fine . I be glad you call . here : I will walk you through it . ( then ) do you see the little grey door ? tracy yeah . cal pull it down . she pantomime this in the kitchen . tracy okay , it 's down . cal now , you see the red button ? I write `push ' on it ? tracy I get it . cal push . now turn that to the right and stick the match in . tracy oh , there it go ! ( continued ) 93. 79 continued : ( 2 ) 79 cal good . now just close the door and you be good to go . silence . the charade be over . now what ? tracy well , thanks , Cal . I ... appreciate you help . cal no , anytime . call anytime with stuff like that . ( awkward beat ) talk to you later ? tracy yeah . and ... thanks again . Cal hang up . he take one final look back at he wife as the sprinkler go off in the backyard and douse he . 80 int . cal' corporate apartment - morning 80 Cal sit on he little couch , between Robbie and Molly . Molly be once again absorb in High School musical . Cal look depressed . Robbie do not look much better . cal nanna 's come over tonight . you guy have not see she in a while . wanna stay for dinner ? robbie sure . cal you mom 's work till five , we will have to tell she . ( off they silence ) what do you guy want to do today ? molly ( not look up ) High School musical . cal well , there 's a shocker . she go back into she trance . robbie she still will not talk to you ? ( continued ) 94 . 80 continued : 80 cal not if that show 's on . robbie no , I mean , Mom . cal oh , no . just hellos and goodby when we pass you guy off . robbie what happen ? cal Beyond you pay-grade , buddy . Cal look pain . cal I will say this though : I get close . we be laugh . talk about old time , all the thing we use to do ... his eye drift to the tv . it 's the timeless golf scene from High School musical ii . a light bulb go on . cal ( to robbie ) hey . get you coat . Robbie smile , run off . Cal turn to Molly , remote in hand . cal baby ? I be gonna have to turn off the show . molly no ! cal I have to -- molly noooo ! cal I be turn it off -- molly nooooooooooo ! he just do it ! he turn the tv off . silence . Molly turn towards he , stare . a long , scary , beat . then : ( continued ) 95 . 80 continued : ( 2 ) 80 molly ( free at last ) thank you . Cal kiss she , jump up from the couch . 81 int . sporting good store - later 81 Cal talk to a salesman . Robbie and Molly bounce around , excited . 82 int . party supply store - later 82 Cal talk to a different salesman . Robbie and Molly extend a measuring tape across the ground , assist . 83 ext . u-haul CENTER - continuous action 83 Cal rent a truck . 84 int . home depot - continuous action 84 Cal pick up material . as he round a corner , he run into ... bernie . bernie oh , hey , Cal . cal bernie . bernie so how have you -- cal bernie : I would love to catch up , but I be do something at the old house tonight and I be in a bit of a rush so ... yeah . thanks again for the cologne . Cal take off . 85 ext . home depot - continuous action 85 Molly point out she three favorite day laborer , Cal hire they . 96 . 86 int . weaver backyard - later 86 some kind of construction be go on back there . Cal 's cell phone ring . we go -- 86a split screen 86a with jacob on he . he 's wait outside a liquor store in he car . cal hello ? jacob hey , Cal . cal oh. my. God . it 's alive . jacob I be sorry . I know I have be out of circulation . cal you abandon I at my time of need . jacob I have be a little ... thing have get a bit ... I meet a woman . cal I bet you do . jacob no , I mean , I have be spend a lot of time with she . this woman . one woman . cal ( disbelieving ) okay , whatever . jacob actually , tonight ... I be go to meet she mother . cal ( laughing ) whoa !!!! look at you ! you do realize you might actually have to answer a question or two about yourself ? ( continued ) 97 . 86a continued : 86a jacob yes , I realize that , asshole . Hannah come out of the wine store , hop over the car . Jacob can not help but smile : wow , he 's really into she . jacob gotta go . grab a beer next week ? cal you have get my number . ( then ) hey . good for you , by the way . jacob thanks . Cal hang up , laugh to himself , and get back to work . 87 ext . weaver house - later that night 87 Tracy pull up to she house . as she pull in she notice Robbie . he 's stand outside the front door in a tuxedo ... a shit-eate grin on he face . she sigh ( " what now ? " ) and park the car . 88 int . jessica's bedroom 88 meanwhile . Claire be put away laundry . she throw some underwear in jessica 's bottom drawer . notice something . a envelope . it 's address to Cal weaver . curiosity pique , she pick it up . look inside . almost faint . 89 int . claire and bernie' live room - continuous action 89 Big bernie sit in a recliner , watch football and drink a cold one . jessica lie on the floor , do homework . Claire enter , ashen . zombie-like , she hand bernie the envelope . jessica look up , see it . jessica no !!!! she jump , but it 's too late . ( continued ) 98 . 89 continued : 89 on bernie stare at the picture . we do not see it , but we get the point : it 's a father 's worst nightmare . bernie , daze , slide the picture back into the envelope . he look at the envelope again . on envelope Cal 's name . a heart . back to scene jessica daddy ? bernie put a hand up . he can not speak . he march out the door . from inside we hear a car screech away . on jessica realizing . she grab a second set of key . 90 ext . jessica's house - continuous action 90 jessica run into a second car . race after she father . 91 ext . weaver house 91 meanwhile . Tracy approach Robbie . not only be he wear a tuxedo , he 's carry a bunch of scarve . Tracy laugh . tracy baby ! what be you wear !? robbie dad 's here . Tracy 's face drop . robbie I have to blindfold you . tracy ( weary ) what be this ? what be he do ? ( continued ) 99 . 91 continued : 91 robbie relax , Mom . he 's you husband , not Al queda . you will make it out alive . she can not help but smile . she kneel down , allow Robbie to blindfold her from behind . he tie a scarf around she eye . then another at a different angle , double -knot it . then another ! robbie okay , we be good , let 's do this . 92 int . bernie' car 92 meanwhile . there 's no expression on bernie 's face . it 's frightening . he look down at passenger seat . at the envelope bear Cal 's address . he race through a light . a horn blare behind he . 93 int . jessica be car - continuous action 93 jessica be the one blaring the horn , cry and panicked . she too race through the same light . 94 ext . weaver backyard 94 Robbie lead a blindfolded Tracy into the backyard . she look like a zombie with all the scarve over she face . we see what she be not yet privy to . on the backyard Cal 's shangri - La have be transformed : the yard hold a full -blown miniature golf hole , windmill and all . Cal stand behind it all , in a tux . cal hi , T. tracy can I take this off , please ? cal almost . kid ? ( continued ) 100 . 94 continued : 94 Robbie cue music ( which will play throughout this scene ) . Molly , in a party dress , carry a glass of champagne to Tracy and put it in she hand . cal ( launching in ) twenty - five year ago , Cal weaver see Tracy boyle for the first time , walk the hall of woodside Middle School -- tracy Cal : be you seriously do this in front of the kid ? robbie ( quickly ) if it go bad I be suppose to take Molly upstairs and put the tv on loud . Tracy sigh , give up . tracy well , might as well wait for you daughter . cal she 's right next to you , T. tracy no , you other daughter . huh ? just then : voice ( o.s. ) hello ? from inside the house step out ... hannah . cal nanna ! hannah hi , daddy . wtf ! and right behind she ... jacob . holding a bottle of wine and smile like a idiot . everyone freeze . jacob Cal ? ( continued ) 101 . 94 continued : ( 2 ) 94 cal what the hell be you do here ? jacob what the hell be you do here ? hannah wait , you two know each other ? tracy ( still blind ) hi , nanna . cal wait , what 's go on ? robbie hey , nanna . hannah hey , Robbie . molly hey , nanna . hannah hey , cutie . jacob what the hell be a nanna !? hannah it 's I , I could not pronounce Hannah when I be little -- wait , so how do you know my dad ? jacob ( realizing ) oh , god. cal ( freaking ) i'm not understanding what' go on here ! hannah dad , this be my boyfriend , Jacob . cal no. no. no. no. ( continued ) 102 . 94 continued : ( 3 ) 94 tracy I want to see the boyfriend ! ( struggling with scarve ) can someone please take this off ? jacob how the hell do you have a 24 - year - old daughter !? cal I be seventeen ! she be our senior year hiccup ! it be why we got married so young ! jacob why didn't you ever tell I that ? cal you never let I talk about my child ! hannah so you two , like , really know each other ? cal no way -- you and she ... no way . end it , now . hannah daddy !!! jacob well , that 's not go to happen . cal well , then I be go to murder you . hannah dad ! tracy ( down to two scarve ) will someone please take this goddamn thing off I ! cal Robbie , take the goddamn thing off you mother ! ( then , look up ) bernie ? ( continued ) 103 . 94 continued : ( 4 ) 94 slam ! a body fly into Cal and knock he out of frame . it 's bernie ! behind he ... jessica run after she father , scream : jessica daddy , no ! robbie be that jessica ? bam ! bernie land a solid right into Cal 's jaw . hannah daddy ! jessica daddy ! tracy ( yanking on blindfold ) what 's happen ? bernie be pummel Cal . bernie I let her baby - sit for you , you sick son of a bitch ! she be seventeen ! Jacob dive in . tries to pull bernie off . bernie nail Jacob with a uppercut ! hannah Jacob ! cal ( getting pummelled ) bernie , I don't know what you 're talking about ! bernie pick up a windmill from the miniature golf course , ready to bash it over Cal 's head . jessica throw herself on Cal . jessica daddy , stop ! this break bernie 's trance . he hesitates . jessica he do not do anything . he do not even know . ( continued ) 104 . 94 continued : ( 5 ) 94 robbie know what ? cal know what ? tracy ( still blindfolded ) Robbie , please get this off I ! robbie ( struggle with it ) I be try ! jessica he do not even know that I be in love with he ! Robbie stop , turn . robbie with who ? jessica ( point at Cal ) with he . cal be you point at I ? robbie be you point at he ? tracy who be she point at !? robbie ( processing ) wait : my dad be the older guy you have be see ? bernie I know it . he get ready to pummel some more . jessica grab he . jessica ( to bernie ) he do not even know about the dirty picture I make for he . robbie you make he dirty picture ? oh god. ( continued ) 105 . 94 continued : ( 6 ) 94 Robbie look to Cal . he 's angry , jealous , and break - heart all at once . robbie ( to cal ) you be the one ? you be the one she ... ( then , furious ) you steal my soulmate . cal wait : jessica be you soulmate ? voice ( o.s. ) I be sorry , be Tracy home ? everyone turn : david jacobowitz stand in the doorway . he 's hold up a sweater in he right hand . david jacobowitz you leave you sweater in my car the other night . hannah who be you ? david jacobowitz David jacobowitz . jacob David jacobowitz ! cal David jacobowitz !? david jacobowitz be this a bad time -- whack !!! Jacob level David jacobowitz with a right hook . hannah Jacob ! jacob you know how much misery you have put this poor bastard through !? before Jacob can finish , Cal level Jacob . cal stay the hell away from my daughter . ( continued ) 106 . 94 continued : ( 7 ) 94 Jacob jump on cal. David jump on Jacob . bernie try to pull they apart . jessica finally get the blindfold off Tracy . the woman and child watch the battle in horror . CUT to : 95 int . weaver backyard - later 95 Cal , Jacob , bernie , and David jacobowitz sit side - by-side on the miniature golf hole , bloody but still . reveal : two police officer stand in the center of the yard . one of they finish write in a pad . police officer # 1 well , okay . that should about do it . ( to he partner ) what do you think ? the other cop shrug . the first cop , think , then : police officer # 1 look , I be just gonna write domestic disturbance report but all clear , okay ? ` Cause honestly , I do not even know what to put down here . tracy thank you , Officer . he nod , walk to the door . stop there . police officer # 1 just ... simmer down , okay ? we all have argument , but if you be gonna fight -- just do it inside . keep it in the family , okay ? Jacob snarf down a laugh . Cal glare at he . cal I will kill you . the cop look at Cal , at each other , shrug , and exit . ( continued ) 107 . 95 continued : 95 on the yard awkward silence . we whole cast be there : dishevel and bloody . the place look like a hurricane have hit . a miniature golf hole tear to shred . bernie turn to jessica . bernie let 's go . now . she nods . look back at Cal . jessica I be so sorry -- bernie now ! and that 's that . Robbie run to the driveway , look : 96 in the STREET 96 as jessica run after she father , try to apologize . but he will not even look at she . they get in they respective car , drive off . 97 back inside 97 Jacob approach Cal . cal do not . jacob cal -- Cal turn to Hannah . cal this man be a lowlife and a womanizer -- tracy ( under she breath ) oh , that 's ironic . Cal whip around . cal I be sorry , what ? Tracy do not push it . Cal turn back to Hannah . ( continued ) 108 . 97 continued : 97 cal you may not be able to see it , but I have . over and over again . you be not to see he any more . hannah dad , c'mon , I be not go to stop see he . Cal turn away . cal well then I do not have anything else to say to you . hannah dad -- cal get the hell out of my house ! on hannah shocked . back to scene tracy Cal , stop be unreasona -- cal I say : get the hell out of my house ! tracy it's not you house anymore , cal ! cal and you made damn sure of that didn 't you , sweetheart !? this time it 's Tracy whose face register shock . Hannah take Jacob 's hand , pull he away . jacob ( one last try ) Cal , c'mon -- but Cal will not even look at he . molly ( calling out ) Goodbye , nanna . ( continued ) 109 . 97 continued : ( 2 ) 97 hannah ( through tear ) Goodbye , cutie . they exit . Cal let they go , then grab he thing . cal she 's all yours , David . ouch . tracy ( wounded ) Nice . before he go , Cal stop in front of Robbie . cal go big or go home , right , buddy ? Robbie look up at he , cold . robbie go home , dad . Cal nods , exit . 98 int . various location - the next month 98 cue : John mayer 's " who say . " 1 ) robbie , at school . his spirit be crush . he look at he contact list , think , and delete jessica . 99 jessica 99 2 ) at home , ground and sad . 100 jacob 100 3 ) try to get hannah to make a phone call to she father ... she will not . 101 tracy 101 4 ) at she office , finally take down the picture of she and Cal . and speak of Cal ... 110 . 102 int . bar - afternoon ( three week later ) 102 Cal sit back at he usual table . this be not " cool Cal , " the Jacob disciple . no , this be " sad mess Cal . " he 's grow a patchy beard . he 's wear a ratty sweatsuit . he 's drink , once again , vodka- cranberry out of a wimpy red straw . it 's pathetic . a waitress approach . waitress can I get you another ? cal what time be it ? waitress 2:30 . in the afternoon . cal 2:30 would have be sufficient but I appreciate the judgment , cocktail waitress . ( then ) yes , another drink would be grand . she exit . Cal feel bad for that one . as she re-approach : cal that be uncall for . sorry for be a dick . jacob ( o.s. ) ah , it 's okay , I deserve it . on jacob stand there . as always , he look perfectly put together . he take in Cal . jacob it 's a nice sweatsuit , Cal . cal what do you want ? jacob can I sit ? cal I do not know , can you ? ( continued ) 111 . 102 continued : 102 jacob okay , be we go to be mature about this , or act like child ? cal ( mimicking ) ` be we go to be mature or act like child ? ' jacob okay , so like child then . move over . Jacob slide in . jacob I would like to talk . cal you still see my daughter ? jacob yes . cal then I have nothing to say to you . jacob Cal . ( then ) Cal , look at I . Cal look . Jacob still have that power over he . jacob you be hang out here a lot ? cal sometimes . jacob must be miss a lot of work . cal I have a lot of vacation day . jacob some vacation . cal I hate the beach ... you have get a lot of nerve come here -- just then , the waitress re-approach . deliver Cal 's drink . they wait she out . she exit . ( continued ) 112 . 102 continued : ( 2 ) 102 jacob you want a sip ? cal no , she probably spit in it . Jacob nods as Cal push the drink away . jacob you kid miss you . cal you be hang out with my kid , fantastic ! you can teach Robbie how to objectify woman , he will love that . jacob his eighth grade graduation be next week . you come ? cal of course I be come . jacob well you have not exactly be around for he , Cal . cal he 's not my biggest fan right now . jacob oh , that 's a good excuse -- cal alright , man-whore , if you lecture on parental responsibility be almost do -- jacob I love she , Cal . Cal look up . jacob I have never be in love before . honestly , I have never even be in `like ' before . ( then ) I never get it . I see people in love -- I see weakness . I hear they say the thing they say , and do the thing they do , it all just seem so ... so pathetic . ( then ) ( more ) ( continued ) 113. 102 continued : ( 3 ) 102 jacob ( cont 'd ) she 's my perfect combination of everything , Cal . Cal look up at Jacob . he smile , gently . cal I know you . I know what you be . you be not good enough for my daughter . and you will never have my permission nor my approval . Jacob stand . jacob I will see you at graduation . he exit . once more , Cal be alone . just as he want it . 103 ext . graduation ceremony - one week later 103 a small middle - school amphitheater . about 150 people fill the crowd of a intimate middle school graduation . Tracy , Molly , and Hannah sit in the front row . jessica sit with she family a few row away . all look nice . many rows back -- sit Cal , sandwich between random spectator . Cal be now shaven and well - dress but he look miserable . his eye brighten for a moment as he notice ... a empty seat between Tracy and Hannah . he lean forward , be they save it for he ? but just then ... Jacob arrive . kiss Hannah and take " Cal 's " seat . Cal look nauseous . on stage we watch the ceremony for a moment . the principal labor through she introduction ... voice ( v.o. ) ... and now , to introduce the first student speaker : we very own English teacher kate Thompson ! Cal 's former conquest step onto stage . ( continued ) 114 . 103 continued : 103 ahead of cal Tracy look away , clearly uncomfortable at the teacher 's presence . she accidentally catch Cal 's eye . awkward . kate we next speaker be not only the class salutatorian , but he 's also one of the most ... ( searching ) spirit ... young man , I have ever have the pleasure of teach . lady and gentleman : Robbie weaver . Robbie take the stage to applause . this be not the same kid we have come to love . there 's something different in he face . he 's be break . he spot jessica . robbie ( a bit monotone ) thank you , Mrs. Thompson . welcome , class of 2011 . ( a beat ) I be not really sure what I want to talk about today . Mrs. Thompson say it might be good to talk about grow up and get older and stuff . so I guess I will talk about that . Cal watch , concerned . where 's he son ? robbie I grow up a lot this year , I think . I use to think that grow up mean really grow . like get taller and bigger . but now I think that grow up just make you smaller . you dream get smaller , and what you want get smaller ... ( beat , then ) I grow a inch and a half this year , but I feel a lot smaller . Cal sit forward , get increasingly concerned . robbie I be in love . and I know that make parent laugh because I be only thirteen but whatever , I be . ( more ) ( continued ) 115 . 103 continued : ( 2 ) 103 robbie ( cont 'd ) I believe that there be one true love for everyone , and if you fight for that person , you one true love would always work out . but that 's not how it work . it sound good when I be young , but ... it 's just not how it work . there 's no such thing as one true love for everyo -- cal ( o.s. ) stop ! Robbie turn . Cal be stand in the middle of the crowd . everyone turn to look at he . robbie dad ? cal hi. ( awkward , to crowd ) hi , everyone . silence . no one know what to do . Cal be suddenly really uncomfortable . cal May I have a word with my son ? it will just take a second . Cal try to extricate himself from he row . he step over people , squeeze by people , almost trip . finally clear , he gather himself , and try to keep he dignity as he march down the aisle -- past he family . Robbie come to the front of the stage , bend down . robbie ( heat whisper ) what be you do ? cal I do not know . what be you do ? Robbie 's eye well up with tear . robbie I be wrong , dad . there 's no such thing as -- Cal turn toward the crowd , announce : ( continued ) 116 . 103 continued : ( 3 ) 103 cal my son 's graduation speech suck . gasp from the crowd . on cal now stand , alone , front and center in front of a entire eighth grade graduation ceremony . he look behind he at the panel of teachers . mrs . thompson discreetly give Cal the finger . cal in fairness , I do not know where he be go but I think we can all agree it be head in a pretty depress direction . and I basically write it for he . I mean , I do not literally write it but I sure as hell influence it , and the kid 's already a spitting image of he mother and I will be damned if this be what he 's go to get from I . people squirm , uncomfortable . this be a train wreck . cal my son -- not he , my actual son -- he believe in grand romantic gesture . he believe that people have soulmate . and we always want to tell we thirteen - year - old that they be wrong , that `one day you will understand , young man . ' but maybe it should be the other way around . he look at Tracy , out in the crowd . cal I meet my soulmate when I be fifteen year old . we first date , we go for ice cream . after , my dad start teasing I about my `first date ' the way dad do . and I tell he : `stop make a big deal , dad . I be go to go on lot of date with plenty of girl . ' that be the first time I ever lie to my father . ( then ) ( more ) ( continued ) 117 . 103 continued : ( 4 ) 103 cal ( cont 'd ) I meet my soulmate when I be fifteen year old . and I have love she with everything I have for every minute , of every day , ever since she let I buy she that first mint chip ice cream . I have love she through the birth of we three perfect child , and I have love she even as I have hate she -- only marry couple can truly understand that one . and I do not know what will wind up happen with we -- I do not , Robbie , I be sorry I can not give you that -- but I promise you this : I will never stop try . when you find `the one ' you never give up try ... and I love you , my amazing boy , for remind I of that . Robbie hug he father as the crowd react . Cal kiss he son on the head , then motion towards the microphone . Robbie grab it with newfound gusto and announce : robbie I still love you , jessica ! I have love you since the first time you change my sister 's diaper ! I have love you since ... the crowd react ( laugh , cheer , etc. ) as Robbie continue . Cal stand back and smile . his boy be back . 104 ext . graduation ceremony - later 104 the ceremony be over . Robbie head over to he family . they hug he , kiss he . Cal approach Hannah and Jacob . cal hi , nanna . hannah daddy . he smile at she , ador . cal my perfect girl . he kiss she forehead , turn to Jacob . ( continued ) 118. 104 continued : 104 cal I already order a gun . I be not kid . I order a colt .45 on a shady internet site , I can show you the receipt . if you hurt she , I be prepare to shoot you in the face . jacob Cal , I be not go to -- cal shut up , Jacob . Jacob shut up . cal wow . I like that . Jacob smile , shake hand with Cal . Cal notice : cal be that a new shirt ? jacob Hannah take I to the gap . it 's actually not as bad as I think . cal seriously ? jacob of course not , Cal . it 's the gap . I get this at Nordstrom 's . and like that ... order be restore in the universe . over to robbie who approach jessica . robbie it be nice of you to come . jessica I would not have miss it . awkward . robbie so , how be thing with you dad ? ( continued ) 119 . 104 continued : ( 2 ) 104 jessica strain . I take a summer internship up at Stanford , gonna head up there early . figure it can not hurt to get out of he line of sight for a while . robbie yeah , probably a good idea . ( then ) you be a good baby - sitter , jessica . I be sorry if I make you uncomfortable . he hold out he hand , to shake , formally . jessica wait : I think you be not give up . robbie I be not . but I figure : you like my dad , and one day I will look like my dad , so I will just come for you then . jessica smile . jessica it 's a good plan . she look over she shoulder , reach into she purse . jessica until then : a little graduation gift . to help get you through high school . she hand he something in a envelope : the same type of envelope she once use for ... Robbie peek inside . his eye bug out . jessica kiss he , sweetly , on the cheek . jessica you take care , Robbie . Robbie watch she go . love-struck once more . Cal step up next to he son . cal you okay , buddy ? ( continued ) 120 . 104 continued : ( 3 ) 104 robbie ( re : envelope ) I be now , dad . I be now . Robbie run off to join he friend . Cal smile . tracy ( o.s. ) I be terrify of what 's go to become of he once he hit puberty . Cal turn , Tracy have be watch . cal we might have to lock he up . Tracy smile . Cal walk over toward she . tracy you give a good eighth grade graduation speech . cal I have be work on it for thirty year , so ... she laugh , then ... quiet . tracy do you think we can ever come back from all this , Cal ? cal I do not know . I would like to try though . I know I would like to try . she nod , think . tracy thing be just so mess up . and it 's be such a strange year . I have be in such a strange place . and we have all this problem , so many problem I have lose count , but at the end of the day , I mean , the only thing I know -- she stop herself , emotional . then , simply : tracy I be just so glad you take I for that ice cream . Cal smile . they share the moment in silence . and then : ( continued ) 121. 104 continued : ( 4 ) 104 tracy it be rocky road by the way . cal no ! as they joke and argue about what flavor the ice cream be , we pull back . off to the side , Robbie step away from he friend and watch they enjoy one another 's company . he smile . fade out . the end