crazy rich astan screenplay by Peter chiarelli and Adele lim base on the novel by Kevin kwan this script be the confidential and proprietary property of Warner bros . picture and no portion of it may be perform , distribute , reproduce , use , quote or publish without prior write permission . final as filmed release date biscuit film sdn bhd - Malaysia August 15 , 2018 infinite Film pte Ltd - Singapore '' 2018 4000 Warner boulevard warner bros . ent . burbank , California 91522 all rights reserved open title music in . superimpose : let China sleep , for when she wake , she will shake the world . - napoleon bonaparte fade in : ext . calthorpe HOTEL - night ( 1995 ) ( heavy rain and thunder ) superimpose : london 1995 int . calthorpe HOTEL - close on a portrait - night of a modern english lord . the brass placard read : '' Lord rupert calthorpe-cavendish - Gore . '' reveal we be in the lobby of a ostentatious hotel . it 's desert except for two clerk at the front desk . it be the middle of the night and raining heavily outside . angle on HOTEL entrance the revolve door start to swing as two child ( nick 8 , astrid 8 ) and two chinese women , eleanor and felicity young ( 30 ) enter . they be dripping wet , drag they soak luggage behind they . Nick slide he foot around the polished floor , leave a muddy circle in he wake . the clerk look horrify . Eleanor make she way to the front desk , while complain to felicity about have to walk in the bad weather . eleanor ( in cantonese ; subtitle ) if you do not make we walk , we would not be soak . felicity grab the child by the hand and follow Eleanor to the front desk . clerk # 1 May I help you ? this be the calthorpe , a private hotel -- ( continued ) continued : Eleanor go to the desk and reply in perfect english -- she pronunciation be british , with a lilt unique to upper - crust chinese from former british colony . ( note : the specific accent of we player be important character detail , indication of they background , education , and socioeconomic status . ) eleanor I be Mrs. Eleanor Young . I have a reservation . the lancaster suite . ( see he name tag ) we speak on the phone when I confirm yesterday . clerk # 1 sorry , do not seem to have you reservation . clerk # 2 surreptitiously press a button under the counter . Eleanor and felicity exchange glance . felicity roll she eye , sense what 's go on . reginald ormsby ( 5as , pompous ) pop out of a door behind the front desk and the clerk move aside . ormsby good evening . I be reginald ormsby , hotel manager . be there a problem ? eleanor I be Mrs. Eleanor Young . my family and I would like to be show to we suite . we have have a long flight . ormsby take in Eleanor et al , make a snap judgment . ormsby we be fully book , madam . you must have make a mistake . I be sure you and you lovely family can find other accommodation . May I suggest you explore Chinatown ? felicity ( in cantonese ; subtitle ; mutter ) you can explore Hell . you dog turd . ( continued ) continued : eleanor please , may I use you phone to call my husband ? it 's the least you can do . Eleanor level a glare at ormsby , who look at she with a tight smile . ext . calthorpe HOTEL ( london ) - night rain pour on the child and felicity as they watch Eleanor in a phone booth . '' the calthorpe '' sign cast a glow over they . we do not know what she 's say , but we hear Eleanor angrily speak on the pone . int . calthorpe HOTEL ( london ) - night Eleanor burst through the front door with she family right behind she . Eleanor approach the front desk again . ormsby be not pleased . ormsby Mrs. Young ! I must ask you to leave , or I will have to call the police . eleanor please , go right ahead . ormsby be take aback . he move to stop she when the elevator ding and open and a elderly man in a silk robe and slipper come out -- lord calthorpe , the same man in the open portrait and owner of the hotel . ormsby snap to . ormsby Lord calthorpe ! my apology for this disturbance -- Lord calthorpe ignore ormsby and beeline for Eleanor . lord calthorpe Eleanor ! I just get off the phone with you husband . Lord calthorpe kiss Eleanor on the cheek , and snap at the clerk . lord calthorpe get the lancaster suite ready . now . ormsby react , confuse . ( continued ) continued : ormsby surely you be joke , sir . lord calthorpe I assure you , I be not . as of this evening , my family 's long history as custodian of the calthorpe be end . I be sell the hotel to my dear friend , the Young family of Singapore . ormsby look at Eleanor , shocked . lord calthorpe meet the new lady of the house , Eleanor Young . ( to Eleanor ) join I for a toast . eleanor we would be delighted . ( turn to address ormsby ) do get a mop . the floor 's wet . Eleanor wink at Nick , who grin and look back at ormsby . ormsby ( to clerk # 1 ) get a mop . smash CUT to : open title continue over music . superimpose : crazy rich asian fade in : int . dark room - present day ( 2017 ) stare across a table be rachel chu ( 29 , chinese - american , beautiful , sharp ) . she exude confidence . pull back to reveal a pile of chip in front of she . we see someone else 's hand check the card they have be deal : 2 king , 2 nine , and a jack . they be in the middle of a five card draw poker game . ( continued ) continued : as the camera tilt up we see curtis ( late 20 , t.a. , white ) be the player sit across from Rachel . he stare at she over he black - rimmed glass , try to read she . she stare back , revealing nothing . Rachel push the pile of chip to the center of the poker table . rachel I be all in . curtis have five chip leave . he check he card again , then fold . curtis fold . Rachel flip over she card . she 's get nothing . curtis nothing ! ( as Rachel laugh ) this whole time you have nothing . the light come up and we see a room full of people clap and titter . reveal we be in : a auditorium classroom with undergrad student . the poker table onstage be be show on two large flatscreen so the student can follow the action . Rachel take the lectern . '' game Theory 290 '' appear on the side screen . rachel all right , so , how do I beat t.a. curtis so very , very badly ? well , I know for a fact that curtis be cheap . the student all smile and laugh , totally engage . rachel so , he 's not play use logic or math , but use he psychology . we brain so hate the idea of lose something that 's valuable to we , that we abandon all rational think and make some really poor decision . so curtis be not play to win . he be play not to lose . ( to curtis ; toss he a chip ) here . put it towards a haircut . ( continued ) continued : the class laugh . curtis take the $ 10 with a bandaged hand . rachel all right , that 's it for today . do not forget you essay on conditional probability be due next week -- as student file out , nick walk in and smile lasciviously . transition to : ext . new york - night superimpose : new york , 2018 int . cake & carry - night Nick and Rachel share a sticky toffee pudding like a old marry couple . nick ( digging in ) yes ! rachel you know what , you can order you own . nick ( take a bite ; chew ) mm , I be okay with coffee . thanks . rachel yeah , well , you always say that , and then you end up eat all my dessert . Nick take a huge bite . nick ( mouth full ) I do not know what you be talk about ? ' Cause I have , like , a tiny bit . ( continued ) continued : rachel uh-huh . okay . ( to waiter ) can we have one more of this , please . ( chuckle ) thank you . nick so , what about we take a adventure east ? rachel you wanna get pork bun in the East Village . that 's what it be , be not it ? nick I be actually think of further east . rachel like queen . nick like Singapore ? for spring break ? ( off Rachel ) Colin 's wedding . we have be dating for over a year now , and I think it 's about time people meet my beautiful girlfriend . come on , I be Colin 's best man . do not you wanna see where I grow up ? meet my family , my ah ma ? and meet up with that strange college roommate of yours . rachel peik lin . nick mm-hmm . peik lin. rachel she have be begging I to come visit she , you know ? nick the universe have speak . it want you over there . come to Singapore . I want the whole island to meet the brilliant Rachel Chu . ( continued ) continued : rachel aw . a woman sit at a booth behind they watch Rachel and Nick , interested in they every move . she get up and walk past they with she cell phone and snap a photo as she pass in front of they . she immediately start texting -- series of texts RadiolAsia : omg . you will never believe who I see . girl : who ? radiol Asia e-mail the picture of Rachel and Nick . girl : be that nick young ? RadiolAsia : yes . girl : who 's the girl ? RadiolAsia : Said she name be Rachel Chu . Group text with photo : who be this girl ? Nick and Rachel 's picture be send out all over Social media . they Google Rachel Chu . text : wah , so many Rachel Chu 's lah we see photo of search match Rachel Chu . text : do you try choo ? or chiu ? or chew ? or Zhu ? text : omfg ! yah , which one ? ask the twin ? twin # 1 text : found she ! twin # 2 text : found she ? text : Rachel Chu text : be there a ring ? text : look ABC text : wtf ! text : never text : u joke ? ( continued ) continued : text : hate she !!!! text : be serious text : better not text : no thanks radiol Asia : he 's bring she to the wedding ! text : text : text : text : text : text : text : text : text : text : text : text : text : text : text : text : text : text : text : text : text : alamak !!! srsly ! ? kantang !!! Drama ! no way ! omfg !!! so not nooooo do amanda know ? no way why she ! dead wif ?!?! serious loser ew no walao !! Basic af like really ?? ok and ?? baiiiii do he mother know ? 10 . insert - map of singapore CUT to : int . phillip and eleanor 's house ( singapore ) - morning eleanor read a Bible verse aloud to a group of lady . eleanor ' if then you have be raise with Christ , seek the thing that be above , where Christ be seat at the right hand of God . 's it 's be twenty year since we have see Eleanor , but she look amazing . she sit with four fabulously dressed , bejeweled women : jacqueline ling ( 5as ) , alix young ( 5as ) , nadine ( 30 ) , and lorena ( 40s ) . uniform maids serve tea and '' kuih , '' local cake . eleanor ' set you mind on thing that be above , not on thing that be on Earth . 's Eleanor 's interrupt by buz . she look disapprove as alix and jacqueline check they message . this matriarch speak with upper -crust chinese singaporean accent ( perfect grammar with local flourish ) . jacqueline react , surprised . jacqueline Eleanor , be Nicki bring a girl to Colin 's wedding ? my amanda hear it from she friend , francesca ... Eleanor be surprised , but try not to let on . alix ( look at phone ) Eddie say she name be Rachel Chu ? nadine oh ! I think that Nick be come alone . do you know he have a girlfriend ? all eye be on Eleanor who cover , not want to get into the detail . ( continued ) continued : 11 . eleanor Nick date many girl . it 's hard to keep track . jacqueline amanda know everyone and she have never hear of she . nadine Rachel Chu . or maybe she 's from the Taiwan plastic Chu family ? alix ( low ; conspiratorial ) if you want , I have a private investigator . very discreet -- eleanor ( interrupt ) I think we should return to the word of god. alix ? the woman reluctantly return to they bible . alix ephesian . chapter six , verse four . ' bring up you child in the discipline and instruction of the Lord . 's ( can not help herself ) oh , I do hope she 's a good , Christian girl . jacqueline well , if he 's bring she home , it must be serious . nadine exactly . the woman all look at Eleanor . int . cake & carry - night resume Rachel and Nick . Nick 's phone ring . nick it 's my mum . do you mind ? rachel mm , go ahead . Rachel be about to dig into pudding # 2 . ( continued ) 12 . continued : nick ( to Rachel ) all right . save I some of that . rachel okay . Nick get up to take the call away from the counter . nick ( into phone ) hey , mum , everything okay ? eleanor ( v.o. ) do something have to wrong for I to call ? nick yeah , usually . eleanor ( v.o. ) ha , ha , ha . very funny . int . phillip and eleanor 's house ( singapore ) - day Eleanor be on she phone stand away from she Bible group . keeps she voice low , casual . intercut as necessary with Nick and Eleanor talk on the phone . eleanor be you bring the girl you be see to Colin 's wedding ? nick ( confuse ) hmm . we be literally just talk about that . how could you know ? eleanor everybody know . Nick see celine ( the only other asian in the restaurant ) leave through a revolve door . nick Radio one Asia . Eleanor notice the other woman try to eavesdrop . ( continued ) 13 . continued : eleanor ( to lady ) move on to corinthian , I 'il catch up . alix ah , yes . eleanor ( back to phone ; low ) we be look forward to have you home . and you room be all ready ... for you . Nick hear this , get the implication . nick thanks , mom. but Rachel and I will be stay together . Eleanor be disappointed , make another attempt : eleanor I see . well , I be have the house redone . and it 's not ready for guest . if Rachel come , I think she might be more comfortable stay somewhere else ? Nick return to the counter , to see the second sticky toffee pudding be go , except for a tiny piece . nick all right . sorry about that . rachel I save you a piece . nick you do , do you ? a very small piece at that . thank you very much . rachel how 's you mom ? everything okay ? nick mm. could not be better . Rachel kiss nick . rachel ( v.o . ) ( pre-lap ) hey , Mom , this one 's kind of cute . 14 . int . clothing boutique - day Rachel look at she reflection in a mirror as she hold a blue and white dress to she body . her mother , kerry ( 5as , real estate agent , chico chic ) , shake she head . Kerry have a slight chinese immigrant accent . rachel what do you think ? kerry no! no ! no ! no ! you can not wear that to meet Nick 's ah ma. Blue and white be for chinese funeral . now this , this symbolize good fortune and fertility . Kerry hold up a conservative red dress . rachel great ! I be really go for that ' lucky baby - maker 's vibe . kerry hey ! you be the one who ask for my help pick out a dress to meet Nick 's family . rachel it 's only ' cause I hardly know anything about they . every time I bring they up Nick change the subject . kerry maybe he 's embarrassed . maybe he parent be poor , and he have to send they money . that 's what all good chinese child do . Rachel chuckle and they keep search for the right dress . kerry oh , you be go to have a wonderful time . you have always want to go to Asia and who know , if all go well in Singapore , you might just come back with a souvenir . rachel Mom , stop ! Nick and I have not even talk about that . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 15 . rachel ( cont 'd ) I mean , he parent can not not like I , right ? Kerry have a sour look on she face and turn away to begin rummage through a clothes rack . ext . JFK - rachel what be that look ? I see that . kerry nothing . it 's just , Nick bring a girl all the way there to meet they can mean a lot to this overseas family . eh , they be different from we . rachel how be they different ? they be chinese , I be chinese . I be so chinese , I be a economics professor with lactose intolerance . kerry yeah , but you grow up here . ( in mandarin ; subtitle ) ni kan qilai shi huaren , no jiang de shi zhongwen . k keshi zheli he zheli ... [ you face be chinese . you speak chinese . but here ... ( point to Rachel 's head and mouth ) -.. and here ... ( in English ) you be different . but wear a lucky color will make a good first impression . CUT to : curbside - day amid the hectic bustle , Nick and Rachel exit a taxi . a airport sign behind they read : Kuwait Airways , Pacific asian Airlines , Qatar Airways , malaysian Airlines , cathay Pacific . female announcer ( v.o. ) attention , the white zone be for passenger load and unloading only . ( continued ) continued : a elegant approach 16 . rachel okay , game plan . check we bag , get through security , and then we could eat one of the three homemade tupperware meal my mom pack for we . pacific asean airline flight attendant , flanke by two porter with luggage cart . flight attendant good afternoon , Mr. Young , Ms. Chu . we will take you bag and get you check into first class . nick great . Rachel look confuse as the porter take they bag . rachel oh . no , there 's a mistake . we be not first class . we be economy people . flight attendant this way , please . Nick put a hand in the small of she back : int . plane nick just go with it . come on . rachel but ... nick yeah , they will be fine . just leave they there . - on nick - day flight attendant # 2 pull back a gold , silk curtain revealing a luxurious part of the plane that look more like a hotel . another attendant serve they champagne . flight attendant # 2 welcome aboard , Mr. Young , Ms. Chu . here 's the way to you private suite . and some champagne . they walk up to a full bar where champagne be pour for they . Rachel turn to Nick like '' what 's go on ? '' ( continued ) 17 . continued : nick ( to serve flight attendant ) thank you . Rachel be blow away to see the leather armchair , two huge flatscreen tvs , even a full - length wardrobe . nick thank you very much . flight attendant # 2 you be welcome . after takeoff , would you like to enjoy the lounge chair or should we convert you suite into a bedroom ? Rachel clobber Nick with a bag to keep he from respond . rachel uh , we be good . thank you . flight attendant # 2 enjoy . Nick look to Rachel . the Flight attendant leave . as Nick settles in , Rachel look at the complimentary pajamas . rachel Nick . we can not afford this . this pajamas be fancier than any of my real clothes . nick hmm ? my family have business with the airline . the ticket , they be a perk . Rachel sense there 's more to this . pursue it : rachel what kind of business ? nick Real estate , investment , other thing . nothing interesting . ( read menu ) dim sum . rachel so you family be , like , rich ? ( continued ) 18 . continued : nick uh , we be comfortable . rachel that be exactly what a super rich person would say . it 's not a big deal , obviously . I just think it 's kind of weird that I have no idea . I mean , you have a jamba juice card , you use my Netflix password . you play basketball at that y that kind of smell . Nick see Rachel be a little throw . nick I really like that place , thank you very much . and yes , my family have money , but I have always think of it as theirs . not mine . rachel I get that . but I be go all the way over there to meet they ... kind of just wanna know what I be get into . and , you know , they be you family . nick well ... my family be much like anybody else 's . there 's half of they that you love and respect , and then there 's the other half . rachel which half be I meeting ? CUT to : int . movie set ( taiwan ) - night a hero face off against a villain . in the b.g. , a buxom heroine be chain to a wall . the hero and villain launch into a fast - pace , stylistic kung -fu fight . the hero win and set free the heroine , who clutches he . superimpose : taiwan nick ( v.o . ) well , there 's my cousin alistair , base in Taiwan , work in movie . ( continued ) 19 . continued : sitting on movie set be alistair cheng ( 30 , sunglass , dapper ) . the empty chair next to he have the name kitty pong on the back . male director and cut ! nick ( v.o. ) he 's dating Kitty pong , a actress . alistair Kitty . buxom heroine kitty pong ( 20 , dd implant ) run into the arm of alistair . she speak with a girly taiwanese accent . kitty alistair . you like it ? I be feel very ... very the emotion . can you feel it ? Kitty grab he hand and place it forcefully on she boob . alistair oh , I can feel all of you . and all of I . alistair grab Kitty 's leave thigh and yank it up onto he hip . the director and hero / actor have a aside . on the back of the chair '' taipei TIGER 2 . '' movie hero ( in mandarin ; subtitle ) ta zhen de lan toule . keyi huan ren mar ? [ she 's terrible . can we get someone else ? ] male directort ( in mandarin ; subtitle ) Zhe bu xi to nanpengyou dou zhidao . ni neng shuo huan ren mar . [ he 's financing the whole movie . you tell he he girlfriend suck . ] they look on as alistair and Kitty make out . 20 . int . plane Nick and Rachel continue they conversation . rachel okay , and what about you cousin Eddie ? you do not ever talk about he . nick well , Eddie be a big finance guy in Hong Kong . a real family man . CUT to : int . penthouse apartment ( hong kong ) - morning Eddie , he wife fiona cheng ( 30 , Hong Kong chinese , in a simple but elegant dress ) , and they three son ( all under 8 and wear match gucci outfit ) be freeze in '' natural '' pose -- Eddie and Fiona '' laugh '' as they boy '' play '' with wooden airplane that look more like prop than toy -- as photographer russell wong take they portrait . behind they , wide , floor - to-ceil window frame a panoramic view of Hong Kong . superimpose : hong kong eddie cheng ( 30 , intense investment banker ) , astrid ( 30 , gorgeous , elegant ) . russell wong you know if you move , it will look more natural . eddie no , this way you get we optimal angle . russell wong uh , then we be do . as Russell wrap up , Eddie scurries over , all smile . eddie Russell , thank you so much . it 's a honor to be photograph by you . fiona ( to kid ) good job , guy . ( to nanny ) yes . ( continued ) 21 . continued : russell wong my pleasure . people will love it in the next Hong Kong vogue . nanny ( to kid ) give I that . you have to take a bath now . fiona thank you , Russell . Eddie beam , but the moment Russell and he assistant exit , Eddie lose he smile . turn on he wife , annoyed . eddie Hong Kong vogue ? I know it . you dress be a disaster . if you wear a bottega gown , like I tell you to , we would be in the american vogue . fiona you can wear that gown to Hell , Eddie . Fiona walk off as the child jump into 2 toy bentley and start chase they beleaguere nannies ... nanny ( to kid ) stop ! nick ( v.o. ) then there 's astrid . int . plane rachel I remember astrid . she 's like who I wanna be when I grow up . nick astrid be awesome . and she 's probably the only one I be actually close with . and she 's really ground and down to earth once you get to know she . CUT to : int . jewelry boutique ( shanghai ) superimpose : shanghai ( continued ) 22 . continued : astrid ( 30 ) , strike , enter a luxe high - end boutique where wealthy female customer look over fine jewelry . nick ( v.o . ) not only do she graduate top of she class at Oxford , start multiple charity and be a fashion icon , astrid have the biggest heart of any of my cousin . astrid see a little girl , the daughter of a customer , hold a tiny , stuffed bunny with a yarn bow as she tug on she mother 's sleeve . little girl mummy ? see what I make for bunny -- but she mother wave she away , busy look over bauble with she friend . little girl 's mother no , not now , not now . but the customer , include the Little girl 's mother , soon notice astrid and sneak look and whisper to one another about she . astrid walk by they and go to the Little girl , much to she mother 's surprise . astrid ( bend down ; to girl ) hi , I be astrid . what 's you name ? little girl vita . astrid ( be : bunny ) and who 's this ? little girl bun-bun . astrid well , I think bun - bun look very dash with he bow . you have a good eye . little girl thank you . the Little girl beam , delighted . the girl 's mother light up , proud . ( continued ) 23 . continued : the jeweler approach . jeweler Ms. leong , right this way . astrid it 's very nice to meet you both . the patron watch astrid and the jeweler disappear through a hallway into a restrict area ... int . jewelry store - back room - day it 's a private room reserve for elite clientele . a assistant bring astrid tea in a tiny antique cup as she survey a stunning selection of over -the -top jewelry . jeweler this be all brand new from Antwerp . you be the first person I have show they to . astrid be unimpress . then she see in another display case a understate pair of pearl drop earring . she look at they , intrigue . astrid what be that ? the jeweler smile , approve of astrid 's taste . he take the earring out so she can get a closer look . jeweler that . that be very special . burmese pearl drop earring . set with emerald , and rare pigeon - blood -re ruby . they be wear by Queen supayalat at she self - anoint coronation in 1878 . the assistant bring the earring to astrid . she pick they up to look closer , intrigue . astrid how much ? jeweler have you wear one of my piece be better publicity than I can buy . I x11 let they go at cost . ( beat ) one point two million . astrid give a subtle nod . 24 . int . plane - night the plane be now in the air and Nick and Rachel 's suite have be convert into a bedroom . they wear the complimentary pajamas as they lie in bed , continue they conversation about Nick 's family . rachel so , if you have all this family there , why be we stay in a hotel ? be not good chinese son suppose to stay with they parent ? nick well , because a ) I be not that good a son , and B ) I just want you to myself , just for a bit . that okay ? rachel okay . Rachel smile and kiss Nick . he roll on top of she . ext . skyline ( singapore ) - night the plane fly across the South China Sea into the sunset , head for a shining jewel at the tip of the malaysian Peninsula . inert - world map superimpose : NORTH pacific ocean , south pacific ocean , new york , NORTH atlantic ocean , south atlantic ocean , china , india , indian ocean , singapore , australia we zoom in on singapore -- superimpose : malaysia , singapore , singapore strait , MAIN strait , indonesia ext . singapore ( establishing ) superimpose : singapore int . changi airport - day Nick and Rachel emerge with other traveler , push luggage cart as they emerge from custom . Rachel look around the shiny arrival hall in wonderment . ( continued ) 25 . continued : rachel I can not believe this airport have a butterfly garden and a movie theater . JFK be just salmonella and despair . woman ( 0.s. ) Nick !!! Nick !!! through the crowd run a willowy , young woman , araminta ( 20 ) clutching balloon , rush up to meet they . she throttles Nick , wrapping she leg tightly around he waist . behind she be a ruggedly handsome man , colin ( 30 ) , hold a placard that read '' best man . '' Nick light up to see they . araminta Nick !!! Nick !!! nick araminta ! araminta I miss you . nick I miss you , too . araminta release Nick and immediately grab Rachel in a tight hug . Rachel react , surprised , amused . Colin grab Nick in a big bear hug , pull he back and forth . araminta Rachel . nick ( to Colin ) hey . rachel hi! colin araminta ( to Nick ) ( to Rachel ) there he be . how be you ? it 's so nice to finally meet you . nick rachel ( to Colin ) ( to araminta ) I be good . it 's so nice to meet you , too . araminta have no makeup on under she spectacle , and be wear pajama pants , a tank top , and flip -flops . Nick give Colin a big hug . ( continued ) continued : 26 . colin ah ! wnicki-nick ! welcome ! nick it 's be too long , brother . colin it have be too long . welcome back . nick you guy do not have to pick we up . araminta of course we do . we have to ! colin of course I have to come welcome my best man properly . ( to Rachel ) hi , Rachel . rachel hello . they embrace warmly . colin oh ! Lovely to finally meet you . rachel Nice to meet you , too . colin shall we ? let I help you with this . araminta yes . ( hand Rachel the balloon ) and this be for you . nick yes ! I can grab this . all right . rachel oh ! thank you . araminta I know they be a bit over the top . ( continued ) 27 . continued : colin let 's get you all localize . araminta be you hungry ? rachel I be always hungry . so let 's eat everything we can . araminta okay . ext . changi airport - day Colin push the luggage cart out the door , flanke by Rachel , Nick , and araminta . ext . singapore ( establishing ) ext./ int . highway / suv - dusk the open- top suv fly down the highway . Colin be at the wheel as Nick , Rachel , and araminta take in the site . int . hawker CENTER - night flame leap over a wok as a crab be throw in . quick cut of food : stir-fry clam , turnip cake , banana leaf rice , laksa soup noodle , ice be shave over a ice kachang bowl . Rachel stare in wonderment at a endless hive of food stall underneath sway palm tree , right on the beach . even though it be late , the place teem with hundred of diner . all eat with great relish . Nick , araminta , and Colin move like seasoned local . Colin scan the seating area , spot a table . colin minty , three o'clock ! araminta hurry over , busy tissue packet from a old woman . woman at market ( in mandarin ; subtitle ) guam xia . [ thank you . ] ( continued ) 28 . continued : araminta ( in mandarin ) guam xia. ( in English ) hey , guy ! here ! araminta toss a tissue packet to Nick and Rachel . Nick grab Rachel , kick off we -- nick oh , thank you . ( to Rachel ) come with I . montage -- they walk by the dizzying array of stall , Nick be excited to share this world with Rachel : nick each of this hawker stall sell pretty much one dish , and they have be perfect it for generation . you know , this be one of the only place in the world where street food vendor actually earn michelin star . -- a beam prawn noodle seller hug Nick . noodle seller hey ! how be you , sir ? Long time , no see , my friend . ( call to worker ; hand Nick food ) here you go . thank you very much , sir . nick uncle ! oh. cheer . -- Colin bring food to a table where araminta sit , tissue packet hold a place for all of they . colin ooh ! look at this . look at this . araminta oh , my favorite . -- Nick order from a malay satay vendor . ( continued ) 29 . continued : nick ( in malay ) sate dua puluh . sepuluh ayam . sepuluh daging . [ twenty piece of satay . ten chicken satay . ten beef satay . ] same scene - later the table be overflowing with various dish . rachel colin there he be . Nice . nick where do you want I to put this ? Nick and Rachel go off to order more food . nick ( in mandarin ) luxa , liang want , yi want buyao lajea . [ luxa , give I one bowl of that , one of they without spicy sauce . ] back at the table Nick hand each of they mug of beer . nick one of that for you . rachel yes , thank you . shave ice vendor Nick and Rachel order shave ice . nick ( in mandarin ) guan xia . rachel look a little vomity . 30 . at another vendor Nick be now order soup . back at the table they be finally enjoy all the various dish . rachel oh , my God ! nick yes ! I tell you ! I tell you . the best satay on the island . for sure . all right . araminta and Colin grin with approval . colin all right , dig in , guy . araminta oh , really ? so yummy , be not it ? colin ( to Nick ) oh , before I forget , I need you help tomorrow . uh , I need to do some groomsman stuff and I do not wanna do it alone with Bernard tai . nick I still cannot believe that you get that guy to be you groomsman . araminta thank you . thank you . I rest my case . nick minty ... colin well , it be not up to I , be it ? it 's not my choice . Bernard be the human douche nozzle who use to steal my tuck shop money when we be kid , until nicki-nick beat he up . nick well ... ( continued ) 31 . continued : araminta um ... rachel you beat somebody up ? nick hold on -- I throw a single punch . I fall on the floor and the guy sit on I . so , be not really much of a fight . colin ( raise glass ) a toast , guy . to my best man , Nick Young , who can not fight for nut , but will always have you back ! nick thank you . Colin and Nick continue to laugh and reminisce . araminta a toast to marry life . colin oh ! not yet ! not yet ! too early . araminta oh , God ! nick oh ! well , this time next week , guy ! nick we gotta get over you bachelor party first , matey . colin be that necessary , man ? come on ! araminta listen , Rachel , I know we have only just meet , but it 's my bachelorette party this weekend and I would love for you to come . Rachel be surprised , happy to be embrace by Nick 's pal . Nick and Colin still banter in the b.g. ( continued ) 32 . continued : colin rachel ( to Nick ) ( to araminta ) hold on , if I make it out that would be amazing . alive ! I would be -- thank you so much ! nick araminta that 's gonna be the good ! good ! least ... nick if I -- be I out of the picture ? colin thanks , man . nick be I totally out of the picture ? colin yes , I have replace you with Bernard . nick well , that -- colin screw that , man . Nick and Colin joke and laugh with each other . araminta also , I have to say , I can not remember the last time I see Nick like this . nick ( overlap ) no , that 's funny , though . rachel he 's just happy to be home . araminta ( make a face ) oh , yeah , he 's just happy to be home . with you . nick ( overlap ) I be sorry . I be sorry , man . you dad will be the death of you . we stay on Rachel -- she look at Nick , happy , in he element . he glance at she with that smile -- and she fall that much more in love with he . ( continued ) 33 . continued : colin my dad will be the death of I . oh , cheer to that . colin guy , we have to dig in ' cause this crab be not gonna eat itself . rachel okay . araminta yeah . pass I that . rachel what should I try first ? ( to Colin ) do you want some of this ? colin eat up , eat up ! try some of this . oh , thank you . rachel it 's really spicy . nick it be really spicy . oh , God ! ext . CITY the four of they drive down the highway in the open- top suv enjoy the beautiful city . Nick point to various landmark with glee . we see a montage of beautiful fountain , boat go under bridge , etc . the girl , in the back seat , put they arm around they guy 's neck and snuggle . araminta whoo ! ( shouting ) Nick 's in Singapore ! nick it 's good to be home . int . astrid 's apartment - night astrid enter , follow by the porter . the apartment be not enormous , but each room be straight out of the page of Architectural digest . two maids quickly swing into action , take the bag and unpack they . ( continued ) 34 . continued : astrid be Michael here ? maid not yet , mar ’am . also , you son wake up . he want to see you . astrid all right . you know what to do . quickly . maid okay . put over here . okay ... move , move . the Maids nod , know the drill . the head maid hide two bag label '' dior '' and '' Lotus - Arts de vivre '' ina drawer . the begin scurrying around the apartment in a frenzy . series of quick cut -- one may put a small jewelry - size box tie with a bow in a metal tin and place the lid back on . -- another may stashes a small box in a kitchen drawer and cover it with the cloth napkin . -- in the bathroom , astrid take off she earring , put they back in they original box and place the box above the mirror . int . astride apartment - cassian 's room - night astrid lie by she son , cassian ( 3 ) , who 's half - asleep in bed as she read the Little Prince to he in french . astrid ( in perfect french ) -- cette visite fut tré courte , mais elle plongea le petit prince dan une grande mélancolie ... astrid pause when she hear someone enter the apartment . she look to cassian , now sound asleep , and head out . int . astrid 's apartment - bedroom - night we see a man take a shower . this be michael teo , 30 , astrid 's husband , former Army sergeant , and rip / hot as all hell , exit the bathroom in a towel . ( continued ) 35 . continued : he talk to astrid , who 's on the bed as he dry off and get ready for bed . michael I be sorry . get stick ina meeting . astrid it 's okay . I get it . but do not forget , wedding festivity start on Wednesday , so no emergency next week . michael ( facetious ) I know . would not dream of miss a second with you family and they friend . astrid come on , it will not be all bad . Nick and he new girlfriend will be there . you will like she . michael oh , yeah ? why ? ' Cause she 's a commoner like I ? astrid you know that 's not what I mean . michael oh ... you know , I think I catch the maid try to shove a pair of Jimmy choos behind the dryer . ( off astrid kissing he shoulder ) yeah , I do not know why you bother try to hide you shopping from I . you can buy whatever you want . I get it . besides , everybody know you wear the money pants in this family . astrid ( whisper ) pant be overrate . ( kiss he shoulder ; then ) oh , I get you something , too . to celebrate the launch of you startup . I know you do not like expensive gift , but you be not a captain in the Army anymore . ( more ) ( continued ) 36 . continued : astrid ( cont 'd ) you be a ceo . you should look the part . she take the gift out from under the pillow revealing a expensive man 's watch . astrid to celebrate the launch of you startup . I know you do not like expensive gift , but you be not a captain in the Army anymore , you be a ceo . you should look the part . michael I -- I love it . thank you . he kiss she . she kiss back . ext . marina ( singapore ) int . raffle HOTEL - suite —- morning Radio alarm go off . it 's play marvin gaye 's '' you be all I need to get by . '' reveal Rachel waking up in a luxurious , Colonial suite -- smile when she remember where she be . Nick 's arm be around she . she turn to see he 's awake , smile . rachel what time be it ? nick Morning . I be afraid it 's time for I to do some groomsman duty . rachel ummmmmmmmmn . .. ~ stay in bed . nick you stay here . I x11 get youa breakfast tray . Nick get out of bed as Rachel lazily sit up , put she glass on . rachel you know , I have to get up , too . I tell peik lin I would meet up with she today . ( continued ) 37 . continued : nick ah , a little college reunion . but do not forget . dinner at ah ma 's tonight . rachel mm-hmm . nick the whole family 's gonna be there . rachel yes . nick I can not wait to show you off . she move she glass back and forth on she nose , in and out as if try to get a better focus on Nick 's body . rachel hubba-hubba . nick how can I resist ? rachel ah. ooga-ooga . Rachel look at he lovingly . he come back for one more kiss . nick you put that glass on on purpose . ext . singapore ( establishing ) ext . taxi / goh family home - day Rachel exit a taxi wear the red dress she mother pick . she go to the gate of a showy mansion . we hear a buzzer , then the gate open . we hear another buzzer and the front door open . peik lin ( 29 ) , emerge carry one of she pekingese dog . peik lin be half type -a go-getter , half hip -hop , all attitude . peik lin New York in the house ! yeah ! yeah ! ( continued ) continued : peik lin rush to she , as they hug : rachel aw ! peik lin ! peik lin what up , bitch ? yeah ! yeah ! rachel oh , my God ! you look amazing . peik lin I know . some thing never change , right ? rachel ( be : mansion ) and this be q -- quite a place . 38 . six golden -haired pekingese dog run out , they high - pitch yap fill the air . neenah astor ! vanderbilt ! rockefeller ! naughty , naughty boy , stop bark . hey , Rachel ! rachel hi! neenah goh ( 5as ) , peik lin 's mother , come out . a short woman with a bouffant perm . she wear a tight blouse , a belt of interlinked gold Medusa head , tight trousers , and pink slipper . neenah Singapore be so hot . come in and enjoy the aircon . come , come on . Whole family wait to meet you . very excited . they head into : int . goh house - day neena and peik lin show Rachel into the cavernous live room , everything be cover with gold or mirror . take it in , amaze . neenah Rachel , welcome , welcome . Rachel ( continued ) 39 . continued : rachel wow ! oh , my gosh ! you house be amazing , Mrs. goh . neenah ( in hokkien ; subtitle ) Li gaou kong wei ah . [ you be such a sweet talker . ] ( in English ) call I auntie . auntie neenah . rachel sorry . auntie neenah . neenah oh , yeah . uh ... yeah , yeah , yeah , yeah . we be inspire by the Hall of mirror in versaille . peik lin ( to Rachel ; low ) and Donald trump 's bathroom , as well . rachel really ? peik lin yeah . neenah you like it or not ? rachel oh , yes . uh , the gold be very brilliant . int . goh house - dine room - day seven member of the goh family sit at a long dining table as four maid serve the anything - but - " small '' lunch . it 's a free-for- all as everyone reach for food . it 's a colorful bunch . there 's peik lin 's father wye mun ( 5as ) , and a multitude of child include : p.t. ( 30 ) shy , overweight , two adorable twin girl who eat chicken nugget from a takeout BOX on heavy , gold - rimmed limoge plate , and a baby in a tricked - out gold bassinet . neena wave chopstick at Rachel . ( continued ) 40 . continued : wye mun uh , uh , uh . Rachel Chu , we be so , uh , grateful for all the help you have give my , uh , peik lin back in she uni day . I mean , without you , uh , she would be a hot mess . he chuckle . rachel oh , my God , no . actually , if it be not for she , I would be a big mess . she be a huge help to I in college . ( beat ) it 's nice to meet you , Mr. goh . wye mun Nice to meet you , too , uh , chu. ku- ku . ku - chu. you. poo-poo. ( laugh ) no , I be just kid . I do not have a accent . I be just mess with you . neenah chuckle . wye mun no , no , I , I study in the States , too . yeah , Cal State fullerton . yeah . I majore in think . rachel hmm . neenah do not stand on ceremony , Rachel . this be simple food , lah . wye mun ah ! cha-cha-cha . do not be shy . rachel oh . thank you . wye mun you be not a model . rachel I be definitely not . Rachel look at thirteen different dish , which look anything but simple . ( continued ) 4l. continued : wye mun put food on Rachel 's plate . neena feed she dog with chopstick sit in a chair next to she . wye mun no , you be not . not at all . you be far from it . rachel I know . wye mun and make sure you eat it all . ' Cause I be watch you . rachel wye mun okay , thank you . okay , yeah . twin girl # 1 twin girl # 2 ah pa , can we go «+. go trampoline . trampoline ! wye mun ay , you have not finish you nugget yet , sweetie . okay , there 's a lot of child starve in America , right ? I mean , take a look at she . she 's american . huh ? really skinny . you wanna look like that ? twin girl # 1 and # 2 no . wye mun then eat you nugget . the girl dutifully return to they food . neena so , Rachel , what you do in America ? rachel um , I be a economics professor . wye mun ( impressed ) whoa . very impressive . econ professor , eh? wow ! you must be very smart . good for you . rachel mm-hmm . ( continued ) 42 . continued : wye mun ( to peik lin ) let I get this straight . you both go to the same school , yet someone come back with a degree that 's useful . and the other come back as asian ellen . peik lin react , grandpa laugh . wye mun turn to he son , p.t. wye mun ( nod toward Rachel ) psst. p.t. p.t. hmm ? wye mun ( nodd toward Rachel ) look over here . she 's a hottie . this be the kind of girl you should date . smart , beautiful . not that , like , k - pop skank , with , like , no brain , big eye and small backside . she have a amazing backside . this be goh standard . do not be shy . just talk to she . p.t. look up from he noodle , clueless . p.t. ( whisper ) I love you . wye mun okay . no , just , uh ... peik lin pa , she 's here with she boyfriend . wye mun I do not see no ring on she finger . rachel oh , well , my boyfriend 's actually from Singapore and that 's why we be here . we be here to go to he best friend 's wedding where he 's gonna be the best man . wye mun hmm . ( continued ) 43 . continued : neenah what 's he name ? this be a very small island . maybe we know he family . rachel his name be Nick Young . the food drop out of wye mun 's mouth . the whole table stop eating . eye go wide . jaw drop . even grandpa and the twin stop what they be do and look at Rachel . Rachel become self - conscious . rachel uh ... peik lin the Nick you be dating be Nick Young ?! neenah ( put it together ) his best friend ... you be invite to Colin khoo ' 's wedding , ah ?!! rachel yeah . you guy know they or something ? p.t. snap a quick pic of Rachel on he cell . he smile and admire it like it 's the mona Lisa . wye mun hell yeah . the khoos , the young , I mean , who do not know who they be ?! ( get work up ) they be just the biggest developer in all of Singapore . and Malaysia , Thailand , brunei , New Mexico . peik lin she get it . ( to Rachel ) Colin and araminta 's wedding be , like , Singapore 's event of the century ! the young be like royalty . wye mun vigorously shake he head , '' yes . '' peik lin do you not know ? do she not know ? ( continued ) 44 , continued : neenah why you never say before ?! tell , tell , what be they like ? rachel I do not really know what they be -- I , I mean , I have not meet they yet . I be gonna meet they tonight . I be go to Nick 's grandma 's house . peik lin you be go to Nick 's grandma 's house wear this ? ( be : Rachel 's dress ) wearing that ? they all laugh . p.t. no way . no way . rachel yeah , I think red be a lucky color , right ? wye mun yeah , if you be a envelope . Zing ! naile it ! p.t. take another picture of Rachel , but she wave he rachel no . twins Zing zing ! peik lin look Rachel up and down , shaking she head disgust with she outfit . int . peik lin 's bedroom - closet - day peik lin throw open the door to she massive walk - in closet . clothes be color-code , wrap in plastic , with a string of polaroid over they show the different look . Rachel look around , in awe . peik lin Rachel , this people be not just rich , okay . they be crazy rich . peik lin look around , pull out a large handbag with a world map on it , which she point to as she explain : ( continued ) continued : 45 . peik lin look , there 's new money all over Asia . we get the Beijing billionaire , the Taiwan tycoon . but the Young family , they be old money rich . they have money when they leave China in the 1800s . and they go all the way down here . not there . here . they come to Singapore when there be nothing but jungle and pig farmer . there be a snake here , eat a apple . you know what I mean ? and they build all of this . now , they be the landlord of the most expensive city in the world . here you go . ( hand Rachel the purse ) this people be so posh and snobby , they be snoshy . here you go . peik lin hand she a pair of platform shoe . rachel yeah , but Nick 's not like that . peik lin even if he be not , I guarantee you the family be . which be why tonight , you need to not look like sebastian of the Little mermaid . you know , little crab guy . peik lin throw she a dress ... ext . STREET - night a audi swerve erratically through traffic , brake squealing , horn honk . int . audi - night Rachel , in a elegant cocktail dress , hold on for dear life as peik lin drive like she 's on the indy circuit . peik lin ( shouting at car ) come on , this be not you grandma 's road . God damn it . ( continued ) continued : 46 . rachel thank you for drive I . peik lin duh . this be , like , my one chance to see the Young family mansion . rachel mm. they turn off onto a private road . female gps voice ( v.o. ) at the next intersection , make a U - turn . make a u-turn . peik lin uh , be you sure you give I the right address ? the gps say there 's , like , nothing here . like literally nothing . they pull over on a desert road . rachel I mean , I -- I put in the exact address . this be -- peik lin you copy and you paste it ? rachel yeah . peik lin do you just copy and paste ' jungle 's and just kind of throw it in there ? rachel no , it say this be the address ... peik lin because I feel like that 's -- you actually use the -- a bearded man wear a red turban appear at she side window . peik lin -- okay . all right . that 's a -- hi ! so we will just -- ( roll down window just a crack ) hello , sir . how be you ? ( more ) ( continued ) 47 . continued : peik lin ( cont 'd ) we be here for the party , and we be ... we come in peace . rachel do you know where the Young family house be ? another man appear at Rachel 's window . this be uniform sikh guard . rachel Nicholas Young ? I be , I be Rachel Chu . I be here to , to go to he family dinner . the one guard carry a rifle creep around the car , inspect it . the other speak on he walkie-talkie . peik lin uh , Rachel Chu for the list . if there be a list . ext . tyersall ground / audi - continuous action - night in the middle of nowhere , a massive gate loom with tyersall park write across the top . the gate be close . the guard on the walkie walk to the gate look back at peik lin and Rachel . peik lin he 's on the phone . he 's on the phone . be that a gun knife ? it 's a knife gun . it 's a -- the other guard now come around to peik lin 's window . peik lin okay , and there 's a friend . hi ! very , very nice to -- Guard # 1 motion for they to drive forward . guard # 1 uh-huh . yeah , yeah . peik lin we can go through ? we be go through ? okay . do not stab the car . the gate swing open . peik lin okay . thank you . bye ! ( continued ) 48 . continued : as peik lin drive through the gate , she and Rachel look around , entrance . STREET light / lantern illuminate both side of the large driveway , which seem to wind endlessly up through a hilly rainforest . unlike the rest of develop Singapore , it feel old , untouched . peik lin have she mouth hang open , amaze . rachel oh , my God , it 's beautiful . the forest finally give way to roll grounds and a avenue line with tall palm . a vast colonial mansion come into view . this be not a house , it be a palace . peik lin beautiful ? it 's two hundred mile worth of real estate . ( almost tear up ) --. it 's spectacular . they drive up to the front of the house . servant be post in various location outside . two of the servant open the front door and Nick , in a linen suit and perfectly - tousle hair , walk out . look every bit the prince of the manor . peik lin ( awestruck ) damn , Rachel . he 's like the asian ' bachelor . 's Nick walk up to the car and open Rachel 's door . nick hello , gorgeous . he take she hand as she exit the car . Nick look at she outfit , impressed . nick wow ! I think I have just fall in love with you all over again . he kiss she -- peik lin clear she throat . rachel I miss you . nick miss you , too . peik lin keep clear she throat , try to get Rachel 's attention . ( continued ) continued : 49 , rachel yeah ? nick what do you get up to ? peik lin ( hiss ) Rachel ! rachel oh , uh , this be my friend , peik lin . nick hey , there . peik lin howdy . nick thank you very much for bring Rachel . peik lin oh , no worry . nick do you wanna stop by for some dinner ? peik lin oh , no , I could not impose . it 's a -- nick ( interrupt ) no , it 's not a problem . peik lin you know , I have some dinner plan -- nick seriously , we have get a lot of -- peik lin yeah , I 'il fuck come to dinner . rachel I miss you . nick do you ? rachel yes . ( continued ) 50 . continued : nick how be you day ? rachel it be fun ! I get to meet peik lin 's whole family , and she dog . Nick and Rachel continue to chit-chat in the b.g. -- nick yeah ? rachel yeah , and twin sister . and peik lin dress I . peik lin jump out , pop the trunk , and sort through several outfit cover in garment bag label : '' clubbing , '' '' cocktail , '' and '' walk of shame . '' peik lin ( be : '' walk of shame '' ) nope . she pull out the cocktail dress and a pair of heel . rachel you have a cocktail dress in you trunk ? peik lin ( of course ) I be not a animal , Rachel . as they head in , Rachel and peik lin look around at all the guest -- rachel ( to Nick ) I think this be just a family thing . nick grandmother 's invite some of she friend over tonight . her tan huas be bloom . rachel oh . nick it 's a whole thing . you ready for this ? ( continued ) 51 . continued : Rachel nod . servant open the door . holding she hand , they enter : int . tyersall park - night chanteuse jasmine chen , back by a jazz band , sing a chinese number as Rachel , Nick , and peik lin enter . peik lin oh , damn , Nick . it 's a party , though . okay . many guest mingle and talk in the b.g. woman in red flower dress woman in blue dress ( to woman ) hi. yes. hello. Mrs ... Mrs ... nick ( to peik lin ) the good bathroom be up the stair , and you can get change in there . peik lin okay , good , I will find it . thank you . peik lin climb the stair , then stop to take a selfie , climb a few more stair , and take another selfie . rachel you know , when you say you grow up in you grandma 's house , I be not expect this . a waiter approach carry finger bowl with flower float in they . Rachel think they be drink and begin to bring one to she mouth -- rachel ( to waiter ) thank you . nick oh , no , no , no . that be for you finger . ( to server ) thank you very much . rachel thank you . ( continued ) continued : 52 . nick uh , a little bit much , I know . rachel I mean , this place be gorgeous . and like the roll green hill . I mean , there be armed guard out there . Rachel be look at a stuffed TIGER , mouth open , about to pounce . Nick laugh rachel and a giant tiger . ss. rachel okay . nick now , that be Mr. harimau . now , my great - grandfather actually shot he when he run into the house . but astrid and I , we use to hide cigarettes in he paw . rachel do you wanna head in ? nick actually , I want to bring you over to my mum first . rachel oh . nick come on . int . tyersall park - kitchen - night the distant jazz riff continue as we enter a bustling scene with maids plate food , chopper chopping veggy madly , cook work over woks that burst into flame , child 's neak snack . amidst it all be Eleanor in Carolina herrera , preside over everything . she inspect various dish , dispatch order with calm authority : ( continued ) 53 . continued : eleanor ( in cantonese ; subtitle ) qie de you xi di , mis bao de han hou , di zhu wu hao tai . fang lajiao ... shi fenzhong hao la . [ cut it thin . do not wrap it too thick . watch it , do not make it too soft . add chili ... ten minute only . ] she 's clearly use to run a great house and be obey . she pause when she see Nick enter . she 's delighted , but keep she composure . Nick give he mother a peck on the cheek . nick mum . Eleanor affectionately touch he hair . eleanor you need a haircut . so unkempt . ( concerned ) and you look tired from you trip . I be gonna ask the cook to make you some herbal soup . ( in cantonese to cook ) dun di jitang bi shaoye . ( to Nick ) I will send it to the hotel later . Eleanor see Rachel . nick mum , this be Rachel Chu . rachel oh , my gosh ! I , I be so happy to meet you , Mrs. young. ( give she a big hug ) or , uh , auntie . right ? ( giggle ) I be learn the lingo . Eleanor smile , subtly scan Rachel , evaluate she . eleanor I be very glad to finally meet you , too . and I be sorry Nick 's father could not be here . he be call to business in shanghai . ( continued ) continued : 54 . nick I tell Rachel when duty call , dad answer . eleanor as it should be . ( to Rachel ) Nick tell I you be a professor , too . what do you teach ? rachel um , I teach economics . nick and she 's brilliant . nyu 's youngest faculty member . to Nick and Rachel 's surprise , Eleanor suddenly leave the conversation to inspect a tray of hor d'oeuvre . she fix the tray and then return . eleanor ( to cook ; in cantonese ; subtitle ) Wu hao luo ge ge , lingwai . [ do not take that one . another one . ] ( back to Nick and Rachel ) so , economics . sound challenging . ( subtly fishing ) be you parent academic , as well ? rachel uh , no . well , my dad actually die before I be bear and , um , my mom do not even go to college . she actually hardly speak any English when she immigrate to the United States . eleanor ( in cantonese ; to cook ; subtitle ) fang di yan qian xi ge du . [ put some cilantro there . ] rachel but she work really hard , and she study , and she earn she real estate license while she be wait table to support we . ( more ) ( continued ) 55 . continued : rachel ( cont 'd ) now , she like to say that she 's flush 's top real estate broker . Nick glance at he mother , gaug she reaction . eleanor self-made woman . she must be so proud of you . Eleanor continue fiddling and fussing with the table , inspect the food , coldly turn she back on the couple . rachel well , she know that I be passionate about what I do , and she 's always want that for I . eleanor pursue one 's passion . how american . well , you mother be very open-minded , not like here , where parent be obsessed with shaping the life of they child . it sound like a compliment , but Rachel be not entirely sure . Eleanor turn away again to talk to a pass cook before return to Rachel : Eleanor shoot Nick a look . he shift , uncomfortable , and be relieved to hear a musical go from upstairs . nick hmm . oh . that 's dinner . eleanor hmm . go ahead . I x11 be out ina minute . Rachel , it be lovely meeting you . rachel thank you . you , too . Rachel smile as she and Nick head off . rachel okay , she hate I . nick ( optimistic ) she take a little minute to warm up , but we will get there . off Eleanor , watch Rachel leave ... 56 . int . tyersall park - live room - night Rachel and Nick enter . she be stunne . the expansive '' live room '' look more like a glamorous club in shanghai . dozen of impeccably - dress , bejewel guest cluster in seating area . a buffet be stacked with gorgeous dish and dessert . astrid ( 0.s . ) Nicki ! nick astrid . astrid Rachel ! nick hey , good to see you . astrid I be so glad you could make it . as we go to different tableaus and conversation , camera dance along , give the feel of a choreograph number . astrid , in a perfect cocktail dress , head for they , follow by Michael . she hug Nick and Rachel , delighted . nick Michael . rachel astrid ! so good to see a face I know . michael Nick . astrid this be my husband , Michael . michael Nice to meet you . Heard so much about you . rachel Nice to meet you , Michael . Eddie barrel in , smack Nick too hard on the back . ( continued ) continued : 57 . eddie hey , the golden boy 's back ! Nick ! ( to Rachel ) and you must be Rachel . I be Edison Cheng . this be my wife . fiona hi , I be fi-- eddie her name be Fiona . so , I see you have already meet princess astrid and she little soldier toy - boy , mikey . ( bust Michael 's ball ) you know mikey be a big -shot tech startup guy . so if you , uh , forget you password , he 's you man . ( then ) so , you be from the Taiwan plastic chus , right ? rachel oh , well , actually ... as Eddie commandeer Rachel , Michael have a aside with Nick . astrid goe michael can I punch he in the face ? just once . nick take a number . michael I ' 1ll be in my usual corner . ( to astrid ) Champagne ? astrid thank you . 's over to Nick . astrid so , have you prepped Rachel to face the wolf ? nick Rachel be a New Yorker , and she lecture millennials for a live . I think she can manage we family . ( continued ) 58 . continued : astrid look at Nick like he 's crazy . astrid you have be away too long . back with rachel and eddie eddie okay , sorry , time out . so , you be not from a Taiwan Chu family ? rachel nope . eddie Hong Kong telecom chus ? rachel no . eddie malaysian pack peanut chus ? rachel be that really a thing ? eddie yeah , it 's everywhere . you just -- before Eddie can continue , Nick cut in . nick I be gonna stop you there because I be gonna take she on the round . we will be back , though . as Nick and Rachel leave , Eddie call after . eddie no , wait . hang on . China instant noodle chus. Rachel ... ( as Rachel turn ) Chu be you ? ( to Fiona ) let 's go . Eddie laugh hysterically at he own horrible joke . Rachel politely smile and move on . francesca and celine hover nearby to listen in and get the dirt on Rachel . 59 . party sequence the jazz band break into a drum section as Nick introduce he family to Rachel , who 's anxious to make a good impression . camera doe 360 loops around they , revealing a new set of people each time : -- with auntie alix and felicity : nick this be auntie alix and auntie felicity . rachel hi ! it 's so nice to meet you . I have never be to a tan hua party before . felicity we love any excuse to throw a soirée . do you parent like to entertain ? oh ! I be sorry . you mother 's single . alix shoot felicity a '' do not be insensitive '' look . rachel yup . off Rachel , amused , realize word have get around . on aunty jacqueline nick auntie jacqueline . one of my parent 's oldest friend . jacqueline I actually meet Nick 's father at Cambridge . ( fishing ) so , what line of work be you father in ? rachel oh , my father die before I be bear . but he be a factory worker in China . jacqueline slurp she wine loudly to drow out the horror on she face . in the b.g. francesca and celine overhear , smirk . ( continued ) 60 . continued : -- a older chinese lady ( 60 ) in traditional chinese dress , speak to Nick , happy to see he . ling cheh ( older chinese lady ) ( to Nick ; in mandarin ; subtitle ) Nicki a , shi no not pengyou a ? yao gankuai jiehun luo , a ? [ Nicki , be this you girlfriend ? you should hurry up and get marry , okay ? ] Nick laugh . Rachel smile , assume she 's Nick 's grandmother . rachel ( in mandarin ; subtitle ) ah ma , xiexie nin yaoquing will lai nin de jia . Zheli hao piaoliang . ( grandma , thank you for invite I to you home . it 's very beautiful . ] the older Lady look at Rachel , confuse . nick ( low ; to Rachel ) this be ling cheh , my old nanny . Rachel be mortify . francesca and celine laugh in the b.g. int . tyersall - library - night astrid hold a cover plate , look for Michael . she see he in the corner of the library , on he phone : michael ( into phone ) look , now 's the time we need all hand on deck . please , please , just do I this favor . thank you . bye-bye . he hang up . astrid they start clear away dinner . astrid hand he the plate . astrid you favorite . ( continued ) 61 . continued : Michael take the plate , kiss she . michael thank you . astrid you know , if you need body at the office , I could always come in and help out . michael ( playfully ) the glamorous astrid leong work as a assistant ? astrid mm-hmm . michael ( realize ) wait , be not araminta 's bachelorette party tomorrow ? astrid and this would be the perfect excuse to get out of it . michael thank you . really . but I have get everything cover . astrid okay . ( beat ) I forget to get you a fork . um ... michael it 's okay , you stay . i’1l go get it . he wink at she and take off . astrid smile as she watch he go . she hear a buzz from he phone which he 's leave on the bench . astrid Michael , I think it 's the office ! but Michael do not hear she . he 's go . there 's a ping and a text pop up . she glance at the screen : text : the bed feel empty without you . astrid be stricken . astrid drop the phone , she world cave in . 62 . back at the party jacqueline and other in the b.g. subtly clock this . a dapper man , oliver t’sien ( 30 ) , look on with interest . rachel oh , my God ! Nick , I can not believe I just do that . nick it 's fine . I do not think anybody even notice . rachel I think I freak out you nanny -- she spill she drink down the front of Nick 's shirt . nick oh ! my God ! rachel oh , my God ! so sorry . nick it 's fine , do not worry about it . ( to bartender ) can I have a tissue , please ? Oliver swoops in offer a napkin . oliver oh , go , go . get change . I / x11 keep Rachel company . Nick smile to see he . nick thanks you , oli. ( to Rachel ) you be in good hand . give I two minute . I x11 change . rachel sorry . nick it 's okay . Nick take off -- Rachel extend she hand to Oliver -- rachel hi , I be Rachel . ( continued ) 63 . continued : oliver oh , I know . peik lin scamper up . peik lin Rachel ! rachel oh , I -- peik lin Rachel ! I hear you think ah ma be the cook ! Rachel cringe and cover she face in embarrassment . peik lin ah ! oliver ( off Rachel ) uh , on the bright side , you be the talk of the party . people like you dress . peik lin and Oliver take each other in . it 's instant fashion chemistry . peik lin oh , I do that . oliver oh ! peik lin I know ! oliver such a chic seventies goddess . peik lin I know . oliver it 's very disco cleopatra , but in a good way . peik lin that 's exactly what I be go for . oliver oh , well . Oliver . ( continued ) continued : 64 . peik lin hi. oliver I like you shoe . peik lin oh , thank you . I be peik lin . ditto. oliver cheer . peik lin there you go . Rachel look on , amaze peik lin 's already make a friend . oliver ( be : she earring ) gosh , this be lovely . peik lin they be clip-on . thank you . oliver be they ? oh , wow ! rachel so , Oliver , be you a cousin , too ? oliver mm , well , I be one of the poorer relation . the rainbow sheep of the family . but I make myself useful . whatever the young want , I procure . Golden koi fish , huanghuali furniture . a rare cambodian go . peik lin mm. rachel why would they want to buy a rare cambodian go ? on cue , a resonant go sound and all eye turn to alix . oliver because they can . 65 . int . tyersall park - nick 's old room - night Nick open a closet , see a row of meticulously press shirt hang in a row . he smile , take one out . Eleanor walk in . eleanor ah ma insist all you clothes be wash and press every two week . Nick see he mother stand in the doorway . she walk over , take the shirt from he hand and select another shirt for he . ( throughout the scene she also quietly cater to Nick -- dusting he jacket , etc . ) eleanor this one . as Nick take off he soile shirt he look around at he childhood room fill with picture and memento . nick everything be exactly as I leave it . Nick move to a nearby desk and rifle through a drawer . eleanor ( glance over at he ) look for you cigar ? I have they throw out year ago . nick never could get anything past you , could I ? Eleanor smile while she fiddle with Nick 's clean shirt lay on the bed . eleanor I keep tell ah ma to put you thing away , but she say this room make she feel like you be still here . ( then ) well , I get a earful when you do not move back last year . Nick react , it 's a load subject . Eleanor help Nick put on the clean shirt . ( continued ) continued : 66 . eleanor you father and I be really look forward to have you home . he 's not get any young . with you onboard , maybe he will take a day off once ina while . nick I know , mum . I be just not ready yet . there 's thing in New York that I wanna see through . it 's not the answer Eleanor be look for . she press on another Nick grin front : eleanor well , I be happy I finally meet Rachel . she be very impressive . nick I think so , too . and I think you might be excited that the first girl that I bring home be a chinese professor . eleanor ( noncommittal smile ) chinese - american . ( fish ) you know , bring she home , introduce she at a large family gather ... some people may say -- nick when there 's something to say about Rachel and I , you will be first to hear . ( off Eleanor ) but some thing I need to figure out on my own . as Eleanor help he put on he jacket . Nick scoff . eleanor be that a american accent I be hearing ? nick how do I look ? Eleanor adjust the pocket square in he jacket pocket , regards she son . ( continued ) 67 . continued : eleanor perfect . ext . tyersall park - conservatory - night guest stream into a vast open - air courtyard . alix and felicity hold court as guest admire the large , spidery , white flower which be starting to bloom . alix everyone ! everyone ! the tan hua plant very rarely bloom , and even then only at night . felicity they beauty be spectacular , but fleeting . by dawn they 's 1l be go . alix so ... come . come . the crowd clap . zoom in on the tan hua plant take center stage in the conservatory . in another area Oliver pretend to admire the flower as he point out the social scene to peik lin and Rachel . oliver oh ! someone forget to wear a bra . he gesture to Kitty pong , who 's enter with alistair . oliver Kitty pong . cousin alistair 's latest flame . a actress . rumor be , she be in a porno . two Girls , one Cup a noodle . Kitty bend down to smell a tan hua , she boob almost spilling out of she dress . the aunty be horrify . kitty ( kissing one of the guest ) baby ! peik lin ( matter-of -fact ) you know , I think I would like that more than I do . ( continued ) 68 . continued : oliver the book be much better . peik lin mm-hmm . Rachel be distract see some young women sneak cold glance at she . rachel be it just I or be people , like , stare at I ? oliver oh , they be just jealous . you nab the crown prince . ( off Rachel ) Nicki be ah ma 's favorite , in line to inherit everything . no surprise there when that 's the competition . Oliver look to Eddie check himself out on he iphone cam , and alistair who 's hypnotize by Kitty 's cleavage . Rachel be uncomfortable with the implication . oliver oh , speak of the grande dame ... Rachel turn to see guest make way for a elderly lady , Nick 's ah ma ( 80s ) . she 's regal , elegant , but frail , lean on Eleanor to help she walk . she do not say a word , but everyone , she own family include , act in total deference and respect to she . as Rachel take it in , feel a little out of place . Nick appear . nick there you be . I have be look all over for you . you ready to meet my grandmother ? as Nick take she by the hand and lead she through the crow -- they reach ah ma who light up to see she favorite grandson . the veneer of decorum drop as she reach out to he , hugging he and touch he face . nick ah ma ... ( continued ) continued : 69 . ah ma ( in mandarin ; subtitle ) guai sunzi , no huilai la ! Zheme duo rizi ye bu huilai kan kan ah ma. Hai hao will hai huozhe . wi qule to ’er ? ni zenme shou le ? [ Nicki , you be home ! not come to see you grandma for so long . I be glad I be still alive . do you eat yet ? you have become too skinny . nick ( in mandarin ; subtitle ) wo xiangnian nin zhu de cai . [ that 's because I miss you cooking . ] ah ma , zhe shi will de hao pengyou , Rachel Chu . ( grandma , this be my good friend , Rachel Chu . Rachel step forward , reply in perfect mandarin . rachel ( in mandarin ; subtitle ) ah ma , xiexie nin yaog will lai nin de jia . Nick jingchang tigi nin . ta shuo nin bao de shuijiao shi quan shijie zui hao chi de . ( grandma , thank you for invite I to you home . Nick always talk about you . he say no one in the world make better dumpling . the old lady look pleased . ah ma ( in mandarin ; subtitle ) na mee shenme de . ni yuanyi will keyi jiao no . [ it 's nothing . I can show you how to make they , too . ] rachel ( in mandarin ; subtitle ) na shizai tai haole . [ I would be honore . J ] ( continued ) 70 . continued : ah ma ( in mandarin ; subtitle ) buguo no yao zao dian huilai . bie Zai zheme duo ren de difang . [ you must come back soon , then , when there be not so many craning neck around ... ] ah ma smile and nod . alix ( 0.s. ) look , they be in full bloom . pan over to the tan hua plant . people clap -- people at party aww ... Nick stand up to let Rachel sit next to ah ma. jacqueline ( 0.s. ) it 's so nice have Nick back home . but he seem ... different . angle on another part of the courtyard where Eleanor have be watch with jacqueline . she see Nick and Rachel embrace , laugh , kissing . look every bit the couple in love . eleanor when child be away from home too long , they forget who they be . fade out . fade in : ext . hangar - morning a thumping club beat plays as we pan down a line of ultra luxury car : fully - customize lamborghinis , maseratis , bugattis . bernard what 's up ? let 's jam ! more car pull in as Singapore 's jet-set crowd pile out and greet each other . ( continued ) 71 . continued : valet load luggage onto sleek golf cart before transport they to a private jet and three matching helicopter outside the hangar . int . hangar in the middle of the hangar be a sleek helicopter surround by a circular bar , which divide the bachelor from the bachelorette . Rachel and Nick enter the hangar as araminta run up to they . araminta ah ! Rachel ! so happy you be here . oh ! oh , my god. you gap look , brilliant . rachel thanks . araminta she 's come with I . nick ah! hold on . ( to Rachel ) kiss . thirty -six hour . bye. ( to araminta ) minty , one piece , please . araminta yeah . yeah . yeah . yeah . nick not listen at all . araminta so , I be gonna intro you to my posse . we be fly to my mom 's resort in Sumatra . she 's close down the whole place just for we . we be gonna have so much fun . come on , meet the girl . araminta drag Rachel over to a group of girl . Rachel give Nick a last look as araminta pull she away : araminta Girls , this be Rachel Chu . rachel hi. ( continued ) 72 . continued : aramintaas friend rachel araminta 's nice friend Nice to meet you . Colin , in rumple comme des garcon , find Nick . as Bernard make he way toward they -- excite guy yeah ! nick ( surprised ) so you let Bernard tai organize all of this ? colin yeah . Bernard . nick hey . bernard this be for you , asshole . man in pink jacket asshole . off Nick and Colin , realize the weekend they be in for . another area araminta and posse , include celine and francesca , drink bellinis serve by hot , shirtless waiter as they admire each other 's hair / boob / handbags and gossip . Rachel hang on the outskirt , aware she do not fit in , catch bit of conversation . Rachel and the woman turn to see -- -- two gorgeous women step out of a sport car . they be sister . araminta tina ! tini ! the twin be in the house ! ooh , I be so glad you make it ! how be you ? ( continued ) 73 . continued : tini hi! araminta and the bachelorette flock to the sister , leave Rachel and another woman , amanda ( 30 ) . unlike araminta 's other friend , amanda do not look or act like a high - maintenance model . amanda ( be : Tina and tini ) it 's easy to make a killer entrance when you come as a match set . hi , we have not meet . I be amanda ling . Rachel laugh . rachel hi , I be Rachel Chu . amanda oh , you be Nick Young 's friend ? rachel yeah . amanda ( off Rachel ) Word get around fast here . you be a professor at nyu , right ? rachel yes . um , what , what about you ? amanda oh , I be a lawyer . General counsel to the Young family Corporation , actually . rachel that 's very impressive . amanda mm , nah . just good old - fashioned nepotism . I grow up with Nick and Colin . we be family friend . ( then ) it 's nice to meet you , Rachel Chu . Rachel smile , happy to find a like -mind friend . they hear a beep beep as araminta arrive in a golf cart . araminta lady , come on ! we be wheel up in five . ( continued ) 74 . continued : amanda let 's do this ? rachel let 's go . amanda oh ! fuck ! yeah ! rachel okay ! the golf cart take off as Rachel and amanda be barely seat and almost drop they drink . amanda yeah ! the cart take off towards the jet ... back to nick and colin colin all I want be a weekend away with my boy . and some beer . maybe some rugby . nick do not worry . it 's gonna be great , whatever happen . bernard ( 0.s. ) let 's make some baby ! colin yeah . I do not think it will be . ext./ int . singapore harbor / helicopter -— day the 3 helicopter fly over the open sea . wagner 's ride of the valkyry play . superimpose : INTERNATIONAL water in one chopper , Bernard brag to Nick and Colin . bernard any asshole can plan a normal stag party . hooker , drug , dog - fight . that 's minor league shit . to organize a party this massive -- ( continued ) 75 . continued : nick ( low ; to Colin ) take a massive asshole ? bernard take a goddamn mastermind . Colin look out to see nothing but the ocean around they . colin where exactly be this party ? bernard it 's right there . they all look out the window at a large cargo ship . Colin and Nick exchange look , wif ? but as they get closer ... colin bloody hell ! reveal : the container on the ship have be arrange and modify to create a huge party playground . a float disneyland for adult . paint on the side be '' ballin 's colin 's bachelor party . '' the guy descend on the scene . bernard y-y-yeah ! the partier respond in kind welcoming they to the revelry . ext . cargo party ship - night ( later ) in a long shot we see a flare go off into the sky . we hear it enter the sea with a splash . int . ship party '' hello bitches '' by cl pound . stylistic flash as the guy walk past cargo container that have be converted into a pool and dance floor manned by attractive model waitress . some of the woman wear beauty pageant - type sashes across they chest : ukraine , UNITED kingdom , netherland . Bernard , stand in front of the beauty queen , be hold a bazooka- like flare gun set off another flare . he laugh manically . ( continued ) 76 . continued : the other guy be drink surround by girl in bikinis . eddie oh , my God , Nick . what be you worried about ? you do not have to keep Rachel happy . she 's just lucky to be here . colin Nice , Eddie . eddie oh , what ? so do we pretend like that 's not the truth ? be we in some kinda fairy tale story that I do not know about ? do you find a shoe at midnight and jump in a pumpkin ? yo , I get so much shit about marrying Fiona and she parent own the biggest shipping company in Hong Kong . ( to Colin ) hey , araminta 's adorable , but you think you dad would be spend million on this wedding if she parent do not own a billion - dollar resort chain ? what 's Rachel bring to the table ? alistair sit with he arm wrap around two woman , one wear a sash label '' israel . '' alistair oh ! small tit ! they all laugh . Nick step to alistair , about to hit he , but Colin stand in the way . eddie oh ... alistair oh ! Colin stop Nick -- colin hey , hey , hey . it 's not worth it , man . they be drunk . 77 . another on stage line with bikini-clad woman . Bernard yell toward Colin and the guy -- bernard hey , guy , this be boring . massage time . and you , the bachelor . you gonna get one before this weekend be over . or we gonna tie you up and shave you coo coo chara . everyone laugh uproariously as Bernard brandish the bazooka . people at bachelor party ( yell ) coo coo chara . coo coo chara . coo coo chara . coo coo chara . Bernard have a missile - type launcher on he shoulder -- bernard shit ! come try this . Nick and Colin start walk away from the party . colin we have to get off this ship . araminta ( v.o. ) ( pre-lap ) welcome to paradise ... ext . resort ( samsara island ) - on araminta - day superimpose : samsara island araminta this be samsara Island . shot of the lush island as araminta address the girl -- araminta this weekend be about sisterhood and connect with the divine in all of we . so , I hope you will all find you bliss ... start with ... ( yell ; psyched ) +--+. a all - pay shopping spree at the fashion boutique !! ( continued ) continued : the woman scream with excitement ! araminta Rachel and grab she hand and drag she off shopping boutique . araminta come on ! come on ! int . resort - boutique - day 78 . run to toward the smash CUT to : it 's chaos as woman grab and fight over clothes . francesca and celine be in a tug -o- war over a caftan . francesca bitch , I see this first ! celine but you have ping - pong tit ! francesca oh , what about you mosquito bite ? celine no! francesca you know it 's true ! celine you be such a bitch ! araminta one more minute ! you keep what you can carry . one more minute . you keep what you can carry . with little time to spare , woman fight over outfit . Rachel have a new dress she 's just try on . the carnage , confuse . amanda clock this . amanda yep , no one love free stuff more than rich people . ( be : dress ) just the one dress for you ? rachel I do not wanna lose a arm . she watch ( continued ) 79 . continued : amanda ooh . well , in that case ... one last touch . amanda look around , pick out a necklace from a display and put it on Rachel . amanda well , be not Nick a lucky guy . Rachel look at herself in the mirror -- amanda be right -- it 's the perfect accent . araminta time 's up !!! next stop , spa ! ext . rawa island ( malaysia ) - day superimpose : rawa island Nick and Colin sit on lounge chair at a gorgeous deserted beach . Colin take in the view , at peace , and take a sip of a beer . colin you be a genius . you know that , right ? nick what 's a best man for ? I guess that pilot 's license come in handy after all . ( beat ) here you go , champ . colin oh , thank you , sir . mmm . I think that be the best beer I have ever have . nick I be gonna have to agree with you on that . colin you know , if it be not for araminta , I have ask you to marry I . nick although ... ( reach into he pocket ) .-.. there be a little something that might get in the way of that . ( continued ) 80 . continued : Nick pull out a jewelry box , open it display a beautiful engagement ring . colin mmm. no ! nick yeah . colin be that real ? nick yes ! colin wow ! yes ! yes , man ! congratulation ! nick I know . colin that be freaking amazing . nick I be ready . colin you be ready . you be do it ! Nick , I be really happy for you , man . nick thanks , dude . CUT to : ext . resort spa - cabana - day pan across araminta and the woman enjoy various spa treatment : hot stone massage , mani-pedis , mud bath ... Rachel and amanda be get thai massage . Rachel 's masseuse push up she leg , get uncomfortably close . rachel ( grunt ) I think my masseuse just get I pregnant . ( continued ) continued : 81 . amanda ( laugh ) I can see why Nick put off come back to Singapore . rachel what do you mean ? amanda you know . he be suppose to come back last year , take over the family business . his parent freak out when he do not . but , now that he 's back , I be sure all be forgiven . rachel but he 's not back for good . I mean , we be just here for a wedding . amanda look at she , sympathetic . ext . rawa island ( malaysia ) -— day colin wow ! nick but ? colin no , I be really happy for you . nick Colin , I have know you since you be in nappy . I know when there 's something on you mind . colin well , it be not that long ago that you be sure you be move back home . and I mean , Rachel love she job in New York . nick yeah , we be gonna figure that out . colin you be go to figure it out . right . ( continued ) 82. continued : amanda ( v.o. ) ( pre-lap ) Rachel , I get it . ext . resort spa - cabana - day amanda it 's hard know where you stand with someone like Nicholas Young . he have all that pressure from he family . not just in business , but in who he 's dating . it 's like , you just never know what 's quite go on in that gorgeous head of he -- Rachel stare at amanda who realize she 's overstep . as Rachel ext . rawa amanda Nick tell you that we be together , right ? it 's ancient history now . although we family , particularly he mother , always want we to get marry . I guess we be not ready then . react at this revelation : colin ( v.0 . ) ( pre-lap ) dude ... island ( malaysia ) -— day colin ++. ever since primary school , you be always go to be the next chairman of the Young Corporation , you family 's shine heir . you really think you family 's go to accept anything less than that ? I mean , unless you ... no . be you think of walk out ? leave everything to bloody alistair and Eddie ? nick I be not walk out on anything . I meet a girl , I fall in love and I want to marry she . and it can not just be one thing or the other . ( continued ) 83 . continued : colin uh , no , no , no , no , no . it 's , it 's not that simple . you know that . ext . resort spa - cabana - day amanda I really admire you . take gut , come all the way over here , face Nick 's family . especially when Eleanor be not exactly in you corner . ext . rawa island ( malaysia ) - day colin okay . you family aside , have you ever think about what you relationship with Rachel will be like if you get marry ? I mean , okay , you be , you be Nicholas Young , you be untouchable . you always have be . but Rachel 's not . and if ... ext . resort spa - cabana - day colin ( v.o. ) +.. she become Mrs. Nicholas Young , every day for she be go to be a struggle . Rachel get up , feel uneasy . amanda texts : she 's on the move ... hook , line , and sink her . celine ( 0.s. ) I hear she tell tini that Nick be a good catch . francesca oh ! so typical . she 's not even that pretty . it 's like she 's never hear of plastic surgery . celine ( chuckle ) oh , shit . ( continued ) 84 . continued : Rachel feel sick . after hearing celine and francesca , she exit , flee . ext . resort villa - walkway - day Rachel flee , upset , when she collide with someone . it 's astrid , who 's just arrive . she clutches a bag while porter behind she carry she luggage . rachel sorry . ext . rawa island ( malaysia ) - day colin you sure she 's ready for that ? Nick sigh . ext . resort villa - walkway - day astrid Rachel ? they head to the resort villa suite -- astrid I be so sorry . rachel it 's okay . int . resort villa - suite - evening Rachel enter with astrid who she 's download to . astrid let 's just forget about that girl . Camp out here and order room service . astrid look at Rachel , concerned . Rachel suddenly scream . on the bed be a large , gute fish . its blood and gut all over the white sheet . on one of the window be word scrawle in red : '' catch this , you gold - digging bitch ! '' ( continued ) 85 . continued : astrid I ' 1l call security -- rachel no . astrid react , surprised . Rachel pull herself together . rachel I be not gonna make a scene . zoom in on the window and the nasty message -- rachel I be not gonna give they the satisfaction . ext . beach - night the drunken bachelorette dance as a dj spin track . further down the beach Rachel rant as she and astrid dig a hole in the sand . rachel this weekend be suppose to be mani-pedis , cocktail serve in pineapple . this definitely be not on the menu -- Rachel dump the wrap fish in the hole . rachel why would araminta even have friend like they ? they be so mean . as Rachel fill the hole : astrid well , you grow up you whole life together , you make excuse for people . specially the moron . rachel I mean , I know Michael do not have to deal with catty , fish - kill sociopath , but how do you two get through all this ? ( continued ) continued : astrid want recognize astrid man Rachel nod shoulder , crash into ext . raffl Nick enter : 86 . astrid well , I do not have it quite this bad , but it be not pretty . rachel well , at least tell I it get better . astrid of course it do . tts to reassure Rachel , but she can not . Rachel that something be wrong . rachel you okay ? astrid yeah ... ( beat ; close to tear ) actually ... no ... rachel you could talk to I . astrid ( tough to say ) Michael be ... have a affair . rachel I be really sorry , astrid . age a smile , appreciate it . 's . astrid smile , put she head on Rachel 's hold each other 's hand , and watch the wave the shore . es HOTEL - day 's the hotel -- male HOTEL greeter welcome back . nick cheer , sir . 87. int . raffle HOTEL - landing - day Nick enter the hotel have return from he trip . he see Rachel read in a quiet area . he head over , throw he bag down . rachel ( 0.s. ) I think I be here to meet you family ... on nick and rachel rachel ++. go to you best friend 's wedding , eat some good food . instead , I feel like I be a villain in a soap opera who 's plotting to steal you family fortune . Nick blanch . know this be not good . nick what happen ? rachel I mean , I meet amanda . she tell I that everyone here think that I be the evil person that prevent you from move back to Singapore last year but , when I do not even know you be suppose to come home . nick you have every reason to be upset - rachel I be not do yet ! there be also the gut , bloody fish that araminta 's friend leave for I in my hotel room on my bed next to the word ' catch this , you gold - digging bitch ’... write in big fat serial - killer letter -- nick be that all that happen ? ( off Rachel ) I mean , please tell I that 's all that happen . ( continued ) continued : Nick take Nick take 88 . rachel you know what ? I do not even care about that stupid girl , with they stupid little designer handbags and sunglass . I do not care about that . I do not care that you ex-girlfriend tell I all this crap . it 's that you do not tell I any of it . nick I screw up . rachel why ? nick I really mess up , okay ? rachel why ? what -- be you try to test I ? why would you do that ? a beat , come clean . nick I make a mistake . when we first meet , you have no idea who I be , who my family be . you do not care ! rachel yeah , I do not care about that stupid stuff . nick well , exactly . you be so different from all of the woman that I grow up with . and I love who I be around you . and I do not want that to change . and that 's selfish , I know . she hand . rachel mm-hmm . nick and I be sorry that you have to deal with that on you own . but I be here now . and whatever happen , we will get through it together . Dead fish and all . ( continued ) 89 . continued : as Rachel scoff -- nick all right ? rachel it be so gross . but I bury it . nick you deal with it . they laugh . he hold she . Rachel be touch . nick come here . rachel you know what ? we need to do something tonight . we need to do something that 's just you and I , okay ? nick 100 % agree . rachel yes. nick but ... we do have to go make some dumpling first . okay ? rachel then can we eat they ? nick we can eat as many as you like . rachel okay , fine . int . tyersall park - dine room - day quick cut of food be expertly prepare by half a dozen maids : -- small ball of dough be roll into flat circle . -- mince meat be quickly roll into dozen of perfectly - form , uniform ball . ( continued ) 90 . continued : a may take a tray of the mincemeat ball to the center of the room , where Eleanor and other family member -- Nick , Rachel , astrid , cassian , Oliver , alix , and felicity -- be cluster around a large table . they be busy fold the dumpling , which be place in neatly - stack bamboo steamer . it 's a family tradition , and they work expertly while have multiple conversation . nick I can not believe this be you first time make dumpling . Rachel laugh . alix gotta make sure this time we do not run out of basket . astrid cassian , that 's not how you do it . ( beat ) very good . very good , cassian . cassian laugh . astrid and now you roll it up . as Eleanor inspect the tray and nod she approval , felicity eye dozen of wait trays with alarm . alix this be too much . we be host a rehearsal dinner , not feed a army -- eleanor better too many than have people say we be stingy . meanwhile , Nick teach Rachel how to fold a dumpling -- put the mincemeat ball in the dough wrapper and sealing it close . nick so , right . you put the baby in bed and tuck , tuck , tuck . same on the other side . and you give he a kiss goodnight -- rachel okay . that 's so cute . and then you eat the baby . ( continued ) 91 . continued : nick how 's that ? ( chuckle ) then you eat the baby . not until he 's cook . rachel no , you gotta make sure he 's cook . do ah ma teach you that ? nick she do . oliver I , on the other hand , be teach by Grand aunty mabel . ' you put the botox in the face and then you pinch , pinch , pinch , then voila ! 's rachel do you guy all learn when you be kid ? astrid we do not have a choice . nod to cassian as he happily pound ball of dough with he fist and rip apart dumpling . felicity we teach you so you have know the blood , sweat , and tear it take to raise and feed you monkey . alix not like ang -moh , microwave macaroni and cheese for they own child . ( shudder ) no wonder they put they parent in the old folk 's home when they all grow up . felicity I know ! eleanor ah ma say if we do not pass tradition down like this , they 'il disappear . ( continued ) 92 . continued : astrid ( to Rachel ) God forbid we lose the ancient chinese tradition of guilt you child . the other all laugh -- nick it 's totally worth it . mother use to wait for I after school with a nice basket of this . alix ( in cantonese ; subtitle ) ni hao ming . [ lucky you . ] Eleanor smile at the memory . astrid ( to felicity ) hey , I never get after-school dumpling . oliver well , that 's because aunty felicity be do after-school microdermabrasion . felicity ( mock-scold ; in cantonese ; subtitle ) ni le wu gie , ruguo a ye zhong xi du , shi ging no shi teng tiao wen zhurou . [ smart ass . if you grandfather be alive , he would kick you into next week . ] everyone laugh . alix see Rachel smile . felicity throw dough at Oliver . oliver ( brush shirt ) aunty , this be dolce . alix ( to Rachel ) you speak cantonese ? rachel no , I do not . it 's just great see you guy all like this . ( continued ) 93 . continued : the family exchange look . what do Rachel mean ? rachel when I be grow up , it be just I and my mom . which I love , uh , but we do not really have a big family like this . it 's really nice . oliver that 's so lovely of you to say , Rachel . we all be very lucky to have each other . alix and felicity smile , approve . feeling more comfortable , Rachel try to engage Eleanor , who 's be largely silent . she see Eleanor 's ring , a beautiful piece studd with diamond and emerald . rachel that 's a beautiful ring , aunty Eleanor . I have never see anything like it . the other woman look at Eleanor , try to gauge she reaction to Rachel . eleanor ( surprised ; then ) Nick 's father have it make when he propose to I . rachel that 's very romantic . how do you guy meet ? nick actually , they meet at Cambridge . they be both study law together . rachel oh , I do not know you be a lawyer . eleanor I be not . I withdraw from university when we get marry . rachel oh ... Eleanor read into Rachel 's reaction . ( continued ) 94 , continued : eleanor I choose to help my husband run a business and to raise a family . for I , it be a privilege . but for you , you may think it 's old - fashioned . it 's nice you appreciate this house and we be here together wrapping dumpling . but all this do not just happen . it 's because we know to put family first , instead of chase one 's passion . a awkward silence fall over the table . Rachel feel chide , be not sure how to react when : ah ma ( 0.s. ) ( in mandarin ; subtitle ) o , nimen dajia douzai zhe ’er a ! [ ah , everyone 's here ! ] ah ma enter with she thai maid . oblivious to the tension , she smile to see Nick and Rachel . nick ah ma. astrid ah ma. alix ah ma. nick ( to maid ) thank you . ( take he grandma 's arm ) ah ma. ah ma oh , Nick . nick come and sit . ah ma ( in mandarin ; subtitle ) o , Nicki . o , no ba Rachel ye dailai le ? [ oh , Nicki . you bring Rachel . good . ] ah ma look at Rachel 's face , scrutinize it . ( continued ) 95 . continued : ah ma baitian will kan no kan de geng qingchu le . ni de bizi zhang de henhao , hen you fuqi . wo kan kan no de lian . guolai . [ I can see you more clearly in the day . the shape of you nose be auspicious . let I have a look , come closer ... ( lean in ) en ... en ... zhang de zhen haokan . qingchu le . [ very nice look . ] Rachel be unsure what to make of it , but it feel like approval . ah ma ( in mandarin ; subtitle ) sit , sit , grandson . oliver right , right . we be almost do here . just a few more basket . ah ma look at the dumpling . ah ma ( to Eleanor ; in mandarin ; subtitle ) aiyo , zheshi no bao de jiaozi mar ? Zenme bao name nankan a? tuibule . [ you make that dumpling ? they do not look very good . you lose you touch . ] astrid watch this exchange , then look at Rachel . eleanor hmm . int . tyersall - hallway - day Rachel exit the dining room , look for anywhere to go . she walk up the long staircase , take a few step one way , realize she 's go the wrong direction , then turn around to find Eleanor stand in front of she . rachel ( surprised ) oh. hi. I think I 'ma little lose . this house be pretty big . Eleanor come to Rachel and they walk and talk through the hall of tyersall . ( continued ) continued : Rachel be 96 . eleanor I be glad I find you . I be afraid that I have be unfair . rachel oh , no , you know what ? I be sorry I make a assumption . I do not mean to offend you . eleanor not at all . ( then ) you ask about my ring . the truth be Nick 's father have it make when he want to propose to I , because ah ma would not give he the family ring . I be not she first choice . honestly , I be not she second . rachel gosh , I be so sorry . I have no idea . eleanor I do not come from the right family , have the right connection . and ah ma think I would not make a adequate wife to she son . surprised how Eleanor be seemingly open up . rachel but , she come around , obviously . Eleanor give a tight smile . eleanor it take many year , and she have good reason to be concerned . ( off Rachel ) because I have no idea the work and the sacrifice it would take . there be many day when I wonder if I would ever measure up -- Eleanor pause , look at Rachel . eleanor but have be through it all , I know this much ... ( get close ; gently ) you will never be enough . ( continued ) 97 . continued : Rachel be eviscerate . Eleanor draw back , placid , calm . then , as if they have be talk about the weather Eleanor walk off : eleanor we should head back . I would not want Nick to worry . int . car - day Nick drive as Rachel sit in the passenger seat , silent . nick you all right ? rachel yeah . nick I know my mum can be tough at time , but there be not anything she would not do for I ... ( off Rachel 's silence ) and there be a reason why I live with ah ma grow up . it 's because my mother know she be not the favorite . so she let she raise I so I would be . rachel you be just a kid ? nick yeah . but ... it 's hard to understand from the outside . but she do what she think be best for the family ... for everyone involved . Rachel hear the tiny reminder of she otherness . rachel mm-hmm . Rachel take it in , hear Nick 's regard for he mother . which make she feel even more unsettle . nick anyway , I think I have have enough with dumpling for the rest of my life . what should we do ? Sushi , movie , anything you like . really . 98 . ext . coffee shop - patio - day peik lin ( 0.s. ) wait , what ? be she like -- tilt down -- peik lin and Rachel sit at a table . peik lin ( Eleanor impression ) '' you will never be good enough for my son , 's or be it like , ' you , you will never be good enough for my son . 's rachel it 's like the second one . peik lin oh. rachel except for in a way that make I wanna , like , cry and puke at the same time . peik lin God , she 's so badass . ( idea ) you know , I bet if you tell she you would leave Nick for a million dollar , she will write that check . they do that around here -- rachel -- and she look at I like I be nothing ... peik lin -- like a ten million dollar check . I feel like she would do that . rachel I do not even know what I should do . I mean , I can not even tell Nick because he like worship she . peik lin yeah , chinese son think they mom fart chanel no . 5 . what about the ah ma ? do she hate you face , too ? ( continued ) continued : 99 . rachel okay , nobody say they hate my face . and ah ma , she like my face . she say I have a lucky nose . peik lin that 's great ! you know , Eleanor can hate you all day long , but you can not beat two thousand year of chinese filial piety . rachel I feel like I should not even go to the wedding . you know , it 's Colin and araminta 's day , I do not wanna cause any drama there . I feel like I should just sit it out . you know ? tell Nick I have food poisoning or something . ( off peik lin 's look ) what ? peik lin that 's bullshit . you be just scared . rachel no , I be not . peik lin okay , here 's what you need to understand , all right ? it 's not about get Eleanor to like you . it 's about get she to respect you . all right ? right now , she just think you be some like undeserve , clueless , gold - digging -- rachel okay , yeah , I get it . peik lin -- trashy , unrefine banana , yellow on the outside , white on the inside -- rachel I know what a banana be -- peik lin -- when in reality , you be like a super sophisticated , smart professor of freaking game theory . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : this hit 100 . peik lin ( cont 'd ) show she that side of you , you know . home with Rachel . rachel you be right . peik lin damn straight , I be right . it 's peik lin , I be always right . rachel yeah , she 's like try to play a game of chicken with I , where she 's like come at I , and like , think I be go to swerve like a chicken . peik lin but you can not swerve . rachel I be not gonna swerve . not for she . peik lin no . chicken be bitch , dude ! rachel and I be not a chicken peik lin you be not a chicken . you gonna roll up to that wedding , you gonna be like , ' bak - bak , bitch ! 's rachel ( chuckle ) bak-bak , bitch ! peik lin chicken be bitch . a man on one of the upper balcony overhear she , give she a disapprove look . peik lin sorry uncle . rachel what be you do tonight ? ( continued ) 101 . continued : peik lin uh , I be gonna go to fedex or something . why ? oh ! peik lin break into a smile . off Rachel , determine . int . goh house - live room - on rachel - day stand in front of a tall tri-fold mirror as peik lin scrutinize she . peik lin I have be wait to do this properly for so long . I be think eyebrow triage , root crimp , maybe some eyelid tape . ( to Oliver ) what do you think ? reveal oliver stand off to the side with he entourage . oliver all of it . and I would throw ina Korean snail face mask . sweetie , you skin be so dry , it 's hurt my face . rachel thank you . as Oliver walk around she , scrutinize . oliver you know , it 's about time someone stand up to aunty Eleanor . well , you , not I . oh , God ! she can not know I be ever here . peik lin no. rachel oh , no oliver ( yell to the air ) right . well , okay , let 's get to work . cappuccino . 102 . ext . first methodist church - day a long line of stately car lead to the entrance . throng have gather hope to catch sight of arrive celebrity . it 's a mix of foreign dignitaries , government leader , and Asia 's brightest star . quick cut of reporter and photographer continue throughout the follow scene . int . goh house - live room - day oliver pull the plum balenciaga , the peach chloé , the giambattista , all the bottegas , oh , and that Jason Wu with the deconstruct ruffle . peik lin and a sandwich for peik lin . Rachel enter modeling different dress . oliver oh ! peik lin okay . all right . oliver right . I be not sure if it 's work or if she look like a clown 's tampon . rachel oh ! peik lin on a heavy day . oliver ( next dress ) y- you look like a flower . like a sad , lonely flower no one want to be around . rachel ahh ! 103. ext . first methodist church - day amanda ( to reporter ) I mean , it 's the wedding of the century . so , of course we be here . it 's the natural ... int . goh house - live room - on rachel - day oliver oh ! oh ! it 's not that bad . it 's hold you up . peik lin it 's a hand - on dress . you know what I mean ? wye mun ( throw dress over partition ) incoming . peik lin point for he to leave . wye mun okay . okay ext . first methodist church - day reporter and this fantastic celebration here with -- francesca and celine pose for the camera . alistair pose with Kitty pong , who 's delighted by all the attention . kitty I love my fan ... I love my fan . alistair ( to reporter ) Taipei Tiger two be go to redefine the genre . she 's a star . kitty tt - two , honey ! alistair she 's a star . 104 . int . goh house - live room - on rachel - day peik lin oh ! I be blind by the light . oliver oh. okay . this be why disco die . peik lin you kinda look like a slutty ebola virus . oliver it 's like a bag of skittles . taste the rainbow . oliver could work , if we ... yes . I , I think we just alter the -- wye mun come back in offer another outfit -- wye mun ( whisper ) I , I , just think if we could just maybe just tell she this be come from you because she probably do not wanna hear it from a guy . okay . okay . peik lin throw he out again . ext . first methodist church - day Eddie , Fiona , and they three boy , again in adorable match suit , pose for photographer . Eddie nudge he eldest son . eddie okay , remember . optimal angle . int . goh house - live room - on rachel - day Oliver and neenah be accessorize the sparkly disco - type dress Rachel be now wear . when Rachel go behind the partition to change she outfit , neenah , wye mun , p.t. , and the twin all start dance to the music . peik lin 's parent get carry away and start make out on the chaise lounge . 105 . ext . first methodist church - day Eddie trail off as the photographer suddenly head to -- -- a custom gold bentley mulsane . it 's drive by peik lin , who wear a fetching driver 's uniform . see the car , Oliver step up as peik lin open the door -- a shapely stilettoed leg step out . it 's rachel in a glitter gown . her hair be sweep up , she jewelry catch the light , she 's a vision . it 's a explosion of flash as photographer , reporter , and looky - loos take picture , yell to get she attention . Rachel be a little overwhelm , but Oliver help navigate she through the crowd . neenah just right here ! just right here ! photographer beautiful dress . thank you . thanks for the ... Excuse I . Excuse I , can I get a picture of you ? Lovely . oh , fantastic . look gorgeous . Little closer together . who 's this one ? what 's you name ? peik lin ma’am . oliver ( mouth ) you look wonderful . breathe . ( to paparazzi ) everyone , I have get Rachel Chu of New York . Rachel Chu of New York . Real estate heiress , Rachel Chu of the New York chus . female spectator Rachel ! Rachel ! over here ! photographer Rachel , this way . Rachel ! Rachel ! to I ! male photographer okay , lady , look good . look good . okay , out of the way , please . out of the way . amanda , celine , and francesca , look agape , incredulous . ( continued ) 106 . continued : kitty so gorgeous ! rachel thank you . a photographer gesture for celine to get out of the way so he can take Rachel 's picture . off celine , piss . male photographer lady , move please . out of the way ! good , good . that 's great . beautiful dress . rachel lady . amanda . amanda hmm . rachel you be in my way . amanda okay , what ? int . bentley - day astrid and Michael , dress for the wedding , sit in the back of a chauffeure bentley . Michael chatter on as astrid listen in silence . michael -- we chinese investor be get nervous . I have to fly to shenzhen on Monday to try and talk they down . this get astrid 's attention . astrid that 's cassian 's birthday . michael yeah , I know . I hate to miss it , but this be important . astrid you would think you son 's birthday be important . get someone else to handle it ... ( can not help herself ) unless ... there 's another reason you be out of town . ( continued ) 107 . continued : michael what be you say ? astrid press a button on the console , raising the partition between they and the driver . astrid I know you be have a affair . Michael react , uncomfortable , but he do not deny it . michael oh , Jesus , astrid . astrid let 's just get through the wedding and we will deal with it after . I do not want to make a scene . Michael look at she , incredulous . michael you find out I be have a affair with another woman , and you be worried about make a scene ? astrid you would rather I scream and carry on ? michael yes . honestly , I wish you would . it would show you care about more than what people think of you and you family -- astrid do not try and turn this on I . I be not the one who screw up ! michael of course not . you be always the prettiest , richest , most perfect girl in the room . while I be just this lucky bastard who will never measure up . astrid do not say that -- michael I know what you be think , astrid . that 's why you hide you shoe , the jewelry you buy . ( more ) ( continued ) 108 . continued : michael ( cont 'd ) as if every minute of my life I be not remind of it . I be just tired . I be tired of have nothing I do matter , include have the affair -- astrid of course , what you do matter . how can you say that ? as the driver pull over , astrid react , throw . Michael get out of the car . just like that , he 's go . Shell - shocked , astrid start to break down ... then quickly pull herself together . int . first methodist church - day the interior of the church have be transformed into a artful abstract forest . Eleanor , jacqueline , alix , and felicity hold court with other society wive by the front pews . Eleanor look at the tree , disapprove . eleanor be this a church or a paddy field ? alix they spend 40 million on the wedding . felicity really ? that 's too much , we be methodist . 20 million be we limit . alix I know . jacqueline princess intan ! they turn to see princess intan , 40s , a lofty Southeast asian royal , and she entourage pass by . the aunty smile but princess intan ignore they . jacqueline vicious woman . I hear she demand a whole row to herself , so she would not be bother by anyone . ( continued ) 109 . continued : felicity really ? jacqueline mm-hmm . felicity ( look off at someone ) who be that ? Oliver be in the b.g. greeting one of the female guest . oliver Lovely as always . you make it ! all the aunty turn to see Rachel , walk down the aisle . she 's confident , luminous , turn head as she walk by . the aunty look stunne as Rachel reach they pew . rachel aunty . eleanor Rachel , how lovely to see you . rachel the pleasure be all mine . eleanor I be sorry we row be full . Rachel smile , placid . alix ( whisper ; be : dress ) I love it . rachel ( chuckle ) bak-bak . okay . Rachel look for a empty seat , see one by princess intan , and head over . jacqueline and Eleanor see this and exchange glance , look forward to see Rachel be take down a peg . Rachel approach the princess . rachel princess intan ? Rachel chu. ( continued ) 110 . continued : princess intan ignore she , Rachel press on . rachel I read you great article about microloan in the asian economics Journal -- angle on eleanor and felicity watch , incredulous . princess intan ( 0.s . ) I receive so much criticism about that article . rachel well , you know what ? I think you critic miss the point . ' Cause you microloan help woman , and woman lift up economy . the princess be surprised . the princess look at Rachel , reassess she . princess intan what be you name again ? rachel Rachel Chu . princess intan it 's a pleasure to meet you . now , what bring you here . all the aunty look disappointed that Rachel have be accept by the princess . rachel I follow a boy ... another angle a excite buzz ripple through the crowd . head turn to see astrid , statuesque , gorgeous , enter with ah ma , ina beautiful stately gown , she two thai servant follow behind . Eleanor and the aunty react , surprised . felicity ah ma 's here ? she never come to this thing ! astrid and ah ma walk down the aisle . ( continued ) 111 . continued : astrid ( in mandarin ; subtitle ) xiexie no , ah ma . [ thank you , grandma . ] ah ma ( in mandarin ; subtitle ) yijia ren bu yong shuo xie , a . [ family never say thank you . ] astrid lead ah ma to a seat . astrid ( whisper ) sit down . eleanor ( whisper ) it 's lovely to see you here . in the back alcove Nick , Colin , and other groomsmen wait . Colin be peek out at the audience as Nick walk up to he . nick how be you feel ? colin ah , good . nick all right . do not be nervous . colin I be not nervous . nick you look great . colin thank you . hey , uh , Rachel 's not sit with you family . nick yeah , I do not blame she . mother have not exactly be the most welcoming . but I be sure she will be at the back somewhere lay low . ( continued ) 112 . continued : colin ( whisper ) no . she 's right at the front . take a look . Nick turn to where Colin be look and see : rachel and the princess -- Rachel look gorgeous , at ease , as she chat happily with the princess . colin ( surprised ; smile ) I think you have get a fighter . Nick be thrilled -- he beam with pride . a groomsman walk up . groomsman guy , it 's time . colin okay . nick okay . all right . bernard hey . colin yeah ? bernard make sure she do not take you ball . as Bernard hit Colin in the gut . Colin hunch over and groan . bernard just check . just check . colin ( wince and groan ) thanks for dress up , Bernard . bernard hey . it 's not about I . nick yeah . come on . thanks , Bernard . ( continued ) 113 . continued : bernard it 's not about I . nick all right . the crowd hush as Colin , Nick , and four groomsmen enter with the pastor . they be a dash pack . Rachel look at Nick , she heart swell with pride . Nick find she gaze , they lock eye . when a hush fall over the crowd . eye turn to : kina grannis , who take the stage . she start sing a hauntingly beautiful rendition of '' I can not help falling in Love . '' the music soar as we go into a -- stylistic montage -- two adorable flower girl ( 6 ) enter , scatter petal . -- a equally adorable ring bearer boy ( 5 ) toddle in , clutching he ring pillow . -- the congregation , Nick , and Rachel react to the adorable kid . -- alistair and Kitty be in the audience smooching . -- as the child reach the altar , Nick take the ring / pillow from the little boy and do a high - five with he . -- as kina sing with two 12 - year -old chinese violinist and a bass player accompany she : kina like a river flow ... -- the aisle open up and water flow down it . -- the congregation gasp , amaze . Rachel and Nick stare at each other lovingly . the music stop . the light dim , everyone in the audience be hold delicate light on long stem . they all stand and look to the back : -- where a group of bridesmaids hold large frond , form a screen . they part , revealing : ( continued ) 114 . continued : -- araminta , who 's luminous , a wedding fantasy come to life . she stand next to she father , hold he arm . -- araminta step out of she shoe . the music swell back up as she step onto the watery aisle . -- araminta walk down the aisle with she bridesmaid follow , as the audience all wave the glittery light towards she . -- Nick look to Rachel , mouth , '' I love you . '' Rachel catch she breath , mouth back , '' I love you , too , '' tear roll down she cheek . -- araminta and Colin face each other as the pastor officiate . amid all the pageantry , it 's still just a man and a woman , about to be join together for life . -- all eye be on Colin and araminta ... except for Eleanor , who watch Nick and Rachel with grow concern . -- Colin lift araminta 's veil , they kiss , and everyone clap and cheer . transition to : ext . garden by the BAY - night the botanical garden have be transformed into a magical reception site . the supertree tower overhead as a chinese big band play . firework pop , pop , pop overhead . Colin and araminta be have they first dance , loosely circle by they wedding party , include Nick and Rachel , who be do everything they can to keep they hand off each other . as they watch Colin and araminta : nick you look spectacular , you know that ? rachel it 's the double spanx . I can not breathe . nick it 's not the clothes . it 's just ... you . Rachel smile . Nick lean in to kiss she when araminta call to the group : ( continued ) continued : in another -- Eleanor squeal and 115 . araminta uh , excuse I . this party be not gonna dance itself . come on . colin come on , nicki-nick . nick all right . araminta yeah ! whoo ! nick okay . you be very good . colin yeah ? I only step on she twice . nick very good . oliver ( to felicity ) I mean , obviously ... felicity yeah . alistair yeah ! whoo ! area see Nick and Rachel dance . she hear a turn to see kitty pong twerk on alistair , who have a silly grin on he face . Eleanor react with distaste . she 's in no mood for this . Eleanor turn to Oliver , gesture to Kitty and alistair . eleanor Oliver . oliver yes , aunty ? eleanor be a dear and take care of that . oliver as you wish . ( continued ) 116 . continued : Eleanor leave . Oliver do not love be order about , but do as he 's tell . another angle we find Nick and Rachel on the dance floor , completely into each other and have fun . rachel you know , you should wear a tux more often . nick like all the time ? rachel hmm , yeah . you know , when you be play basketball at the y , shave , brush you tooth -- he pull she in , close . she look into he eye ... and they kiss . on kitty and alistair as Oliver walk up . oliver alistair , you father 's look for you . something about a overdrawn discretionary account . alistair 's face fall and he take off . Oliver hold he hand out to Kitty , who take it . as Oliver lead she in a dance , handle she expertly : alistair oh , my God . kitty baby ! oh , my gosh ! ah! hey . oliver so ... kitty hmm ? oliver how do you like the wedding ? ( continued ) 117 . continued : kitty oh , my gosh ! it 's so glamorous ! when it 's alistair 's and my wedding , I want it just like this . oliver hmm . kitty no , no ! I want it big ! Big ! better ! oliver ( laugh ) sweetie ! you will be lucky if alistair 's parent give you a tea ceremony . kitty ooh -- Kitty look at Oliver , confuse . oliver you know , alistair 's only the fourth son of a penny - pinching family , do not you ? I mean , he will get next to nothing . you want a wedding like this ? you should have fall in love with a only child . someone like ... Bernard tai . Oliver twirl she around and dip she to see Bernard surround by woman and drink from a champagne bottle . on nick and rachel Nick and Rachel pull apart to see one of ah ma 's thai servant . she speak with a gentle thai accent : thai servant master Nicholas ... you grandmother would like to speak to you and miss Rachel . rachel okay . nick come on . 118. on bernard and girl bernard sick party . girl yeah ! as Kitty approach Bernard to dance with he , he hand a champagne bottle to a girl . bernard hold that . ext . private alcove - night the thai servant take Rachel and Nick to a private area where ah ma and Eleanor be seat at a table . nick ah ma. mum . what 's all this about ? ah ma turn to Rachel . ah ma ( in mandarin ; subtitle ) Rachel ... suiran will renshi no de rizi bu chang , ke will kan de chulai , no shi ge congme ren . [ Rachel . I have only know you a short time , but it 's clear you be a very smart woman . ] Nick smile at ah ma 's seem endorsement of Rachel . ah ma ( in mandarin ; subtitle ) ke will buneng ring no hui le will de sunzi gen will de jia . [ but , I will not permit you to ruin my grandson with you ambition . ] Rachel be stunne . Nick , react , shocked . nick ah ma! eleanor I be sorry to tell you , but Rachel have be lie to we about she family and she mother ... ( continued ) 119 . continued : rachel ( guard up ) what , uh ... what be you talk about ? eleanor I hire a private investigator to look into she past -- nick mum , you do not -- eleanor she say she father pass away in China , but that 's not true . ( to Rachel ) you mother 's husband be very much alive . during she marriage she cheat on he and become pregnant with another man 's child , and before he find out she run away to America . Rachel be gut , do not know what to think . Eleanor open a dossier on the table . chinese news article and police miss person report feature Kerry 's picture . eleanor it 's all in here . nick you have no right -- eleanor we have every right . rachel stop -- you be lie . nick you do not ! eleanor do you have any idea the scandal this would have cause ? for Rachel to hide something like this -- nick she would not have . Eleanor see Rachel be clearly shocked . ( continued ) 120 . continued : eleanor we can not be link to this sort of family . Rachel look at Eleanor , back away , reeling . rachel i_do not want any part of you family . he reach for she , but Rachel pull away , stung . nick Rachel -- Rachel take off , Nick start after she , when : ah ma ( in mandarin ; subtitle ) buxu zhui to . Zaojin no ziji . buxu do . ni yao gen to zou , jiu bie huilai ! [ do not chase after she and degrade yourself . I forbid it . if you go with she , you can not come back ! ] nick let I go ! Rachel . Nick pull away and run after Rachel . eleanor ah ma! Nick ! ah ma ( in mandarin ; subtitle ; turn on Eleanor ) dou shi wei le no , dou shi no ya ring to zai waitou dai name jiu . ni kan jintian ! [ this be you fault . you let this happen by allow he to stay away so long . now , look ! ] Eleanor stand there , submissive . ah ma react , stunne , furious . off Eleanor , she worst fear come true ... ext . garden by the BAY - canal - night Rachel be upset , disorient , as she make she way through the crowd . ( continued ) 121 . continued : eddie hey , cinderella . what 's wrong ? you gotta return you dress before midnight ? araminta why ? it 's all non-fat . colin nicki-nick ! araminta oh , you be just in time . colin Nick , want some cake ? where be you go ? female wedding guest # 1 come back here ! come back here ! female wedding guest # 2 drink girl ! drink ! she hear a scream and turn to see several guest pointing and laughing at : a half - naked Bernard and Kitty behind some bush . Bernard be completely drunk and paw at Kitty , who 's mortify at be discover . the crowd laugh , derisive , as Kitty struggle to pull she dress up as she flee . it 's sicken to Rachel -- it feel like people be talk about she as much as Kitty . she flee ... among the crowd , we find Nick search for Rachel , but he 's too late ... nick Oliver . oliver oh , Nicki have you ...? nick ( interrupt ) Rachel . have you see Rachel ? oliver I do not -- ( continued ) 122. continued : amanda Nicholas ! how be you ? it 's be so long . nick oh , amanda . yes . thank you , amanda . thank you , amanda . no , amanda . not now . amanda it 's good to see you . let 's talk . for old time ' sake . Nick frantically look around the party for Rachel . time lapse as the crowd clear and it start to rain . ext . goh house - night a pair of bare feet walk up to the gate . rachel , she once - flawless hair , makeup , and dress be a mess . she carry she high heel in her hand . peik lin rush to Rachel , who burst into tear and collapse into she friend . int . goh house - peik lin 's room - day Rachel lie on the upholster bench at the end of the bed , unmove , stare into space . sparse sunlight filter into the room . peik lin enter . peik lin Rachel ? come to breakfast . you need to eat . or , use the bathroom , or maybe a shower . it 's there if you need it . but Rachel do not move . time lapse sequence -- it 's night : Rachel still lie in bed , awake , but not move . the door open . it 's neenah and wye mun with a dinner tray . they have the twin girl bring the tray to Rachel . wye mun ( whisper ) here , take this tray , okay . take this to Rachel . okay , go to she . ( continued ) 123 . continued : goh twin girl # 1 here , Rachel , this be you dinner . rachel thank you . the girl run back to neenah and wye mun and they all leave Rachel who 's just stare at the dinner tray . -- darkness give way to dawn , but Rachel be still in bed , unmove . on the bedside table , she phone ring . it 's nick , Rachel press ignore and place the phone face - down on the table . Nick leave a message -- nick ( v.o. ) ( pre-lap ) I all stop by again tonight . int . raffle HOTEL - suite - day Nick be on the phone , leave Rachel a message . nick ( then ) Rachel , please , just give I a call . anytime . please . Nick hang up . int . goh family house - peik lin 's room - day peik lin enter the dark room . peik lin Rachel , someone 's here to see ya . Rachel do not move . rachel I do not want to see he . peik lin it 's not Nick . someone step in from behind peik lin . it 's kerry . Rachel stir , can not believe she eye . rachel Mom ! ( continued ) 124 . continued : Rachel rush to she mom , hugging she . Rachel tear up , finally with the person she need the most . time CUT to : int . goh family house - peik lin 's room - day the blind be open and Rachel sit up , look better , as Kerry fuss over she , bring she herbal soup . kerry drink more . the dong-quai and the ginse will give you more energy . rachel thanks . Rachel let herself be mothere , but Kerry see the toll the last few day have take . kerry you spirit have always be so strong , ever since young . you will get through this . Rachel nod , need to hear that . but : rachel why do not you tell I about my father ? Kerry nod , she 's be expect this . kerry my husband be not a good man . he hurt I . ( off Rachel ) but a old schoolmate of mine help I through thing and we fall in love and I get pregnant with he baby , that 's you . I be so afraid my husband would find out and kill we both , so I just take you and I run to America . Rachel be stunne . rachel do you ever ...? I do not know , think about try to talk to he ? I mean , do you think about he ? ( continued ) 125 . continued : kerry every day . when we first come to America all I could think about be reach out for he , but I be so afraid my husband would find we . and now , I , I just do not want to cause any trouble . rachel I be really sorry . Kerry shake she head , smile through the tear . kerry oh ! do not be sorry . you listen to I , everything that happen in my past life be the reason why I get you . Rachel tear up , vulnerable . kerry my brave and clever girl . Rachel flop back on the bed . her mother lie down next to she . rachel I really think he be the one . off Rachel as this sink in . rachel now , I just wanna go home . kerry you know , Nick be the one who call I and bring I out here . before we go , I think you should go and talk to he . Rachel sigh . then they hear a click sound and turn to see p.t. at the doorway hold he phone and take photo of they . p.t. I will e-mail the photo later . rachel p.t. , how long you be stand there ? p.t. just a short while . ( continued ) 126 . continued : Rachel and Kerry laugh . ext . riverfront - day Rachel sit on a bench , when she see Nick approach , tentative , hopeful . he sit next to she . nick I be so sorry about everything . what my mother do to you be unforgivable -- rachel it 's not you fault -- nick it be . ever since I can remember , my family have be my whole life . and I be do make excuse for they . he pull out the ring he 's be carry . Rachel look at Nick , astound . rachel Nick -- nick marry I . marry I and we ’1ll start we new life together in New York , just you and I . I x11 leave all of this behind . ext . STREET - day Eleanor , wear sunglass , walk by the row of old terrace shophouse , pause when she hear a familiar clacking sound . she walk through a unmark door , into : int . mahjong hall - day Eleanor enter to see Rachel play mahjong with two women at a back table . it 's a fluid , rhythmic ritual -- the staccato clack of tile , stack be form and move like clockwork . Eleanor be surprised to see how adept and effortless Rachel be . Eleanor walk up to the table . ( continued ) continued : 127 . rachel thanks for meeting I here . ( be : woman ) do not worry about they . they be half deaf and they only speak hokkien . woman ( hand Eleanor dice ) mm-hmm . Eleanor sit down at the table , and toss the dice in the middle of the stack of tile . she start play the game . rachel my mom teach I how to play . she tell I mahjong would teach I important life skill . negotiation , strategy , cooperation . ( note : the game go on throughout the scene . with card throw , pick up , chip exchange hand , etc . ) eleanor you ask I here . I assume it 's not for a mahjong lesson . pung . she put down a power card combo . the woman toss red chip to she . eleanor my mother teach I , too . Rachel toss she a red chip . rachel I know Nick tell you the truth about my mom . but you do not like I the second I get here . why be that ? eleanor there 's a hokkien phrase . ka gi lan . it mean ' we own kind of people . 's and you be not we own kind . rachel ' Cause I be not rich ? ' Cause I do not go to a british board school or I be not bear into a wealthy family ? ( continued ) 128 . continued : eleanor you be a foreigner . american . and all Americans think about be they own happiness . rachel do not you want Nick to be happy ? eleanor it 's a illusion . we understand how to build thing that last . something you know nothing about . rachel you do not know I . eleanor I know you be not what Nick need . rachel well , he propose to I yesterday . ( off Eleanor ) he say he would walk away from he family and from you , for good . Eleanor 's hand slip , she drop a tile . the other woman exchange look , sense the tension : rachel do not worry , I turn he down . Eleanor try to regain she composure . eleanor only a fool fold a win hand . rachel there 's no win . you make sure of that . because if Nick choose I , he would lose he family . and if he choose he family , he might spend the rest of he life resent you . Eleanor grab a tile that Rachel have just discard . eleanor ( realize ) so you choose for he . rachel I be not leave ' cause I be scared or because I think I be not enough . because ... maybe for the first time in my life , I know I be . ( more ) ( continued ) 129 . continued : rachel ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) I just love Nick so much . I do not want he to lose he mom again . so I just want you to know that one day , when he marries another lucky girl , who be enough for you , and you be play with you grandkid while the tan huas be bloom , and the bird be chirp , that it be because of I ... a poor , raise by a single mother , low class , immigrant nobody . Rachel show her hand -- a winning combination -- but she fold . the game be muck ( no one can win ) . Rachel get up . as Rachel reach the door , reveal Kerry have be sit quietly at another table . as Kerry join Rachel , she turn to see Eleanor and the two mother exchange a look . int . astrid 's apartment - bedroom - day astrid enter as Michael pack a bag . Michael be uncomfortable , not want to do this in front of she . michael hey . I be gonna send someone for the rest of my stuff . but I wanna talk to you about my visitation rights with cassian . astrid stop talk . michael what ? astrid do not worry about pack you thing . you buy this apartment , you keep it . we be leave -- michael what do you mean , you be leave ? where be you gonna go ? astrid I have fourteen apartment building that I own , so probably one of that . ( more ) ( continued ) 130 . continued : astrid ( cont 'd ) and you will see cassian when it 's good for he , not when it 's good for you . astrid walk away . Michael take she arm , hold she back . michael hey ! look , you know , it 's not just my fault that thing do not work out . astrid pause , then : astrid you be right . I should not have keep thing from you . Hidden my shoe , turn down job , charity work , worry that it might make you feel lesser than . but let 's be clear -- the problem with we marriage be not my family 's money . it 's that you be a coward . you give up on we . but I have just realize -- ( then ) it 's not my job to make you feel like a man . I can not make you something you be not . ext . cityscape ( singapore ) - dawn ( establishing ) ext . goh house - day peik lin help Rachel load suitcase into a wait taxi . peik lin good for you . walk away from Nick and he family 's fat - ass property portfolio . you have no one , no net worth , but you have integrity . that 's why I respect you . rachel ( hugging peik lin ) thank you for everything . int . raffle HOTEL - suite - day close on nick -- ( continued ) 131 . continued : when he hear a knock . he rush to the door , hopeful , open it to see : eleanor off Nick , disappointed , conflict at see he mother . time CUT to : int . astrid 's apartment - bathroom - day astrid reach above the mirror for the box contain the earring she hide there . she put they on and look at she reflection -- she like what she see . emboldene , she exit to : ext . goh house - day Kerry hurry up , dress for travel , carry two tupperware meal . peik lin ( hugging Kerry ) bye , Mrs. Chu ! kerry Goodbye and thank you . as Kerry get into the taxi : peik lin ( to Rachel ) sure I can not get you to stay ? you know , my brother p.t. he 's still single ... they turn to see p.t. at the doorway make a hand heart . CUT to : int . raffle HOTEL - suite - balcony - day Nick and he mother stand on the balcony of Nick 's room , silent , stare at nothing . Eleanor finally look at she son . ext . goh house - day Rachel and peik lin hug goodbye . ( continued ) 132 . continued : rachel ( to peik lin ) all right . Rachel get in the taxi . peik lin run and stand next to she brother , wrap she arm around he shoulder . he put he hand on she shoulder as the taxi drive away . ext . cityscape ( singapore ) - day we see Rachel 's taxi speed down the highway head for the airport . ext . airport - tarmac plane taxi in mark '' Pacific asean Airlines . '' int . airplane - day Rachel and Kerry make they way down the crowded aisle . they be jostle by other passenger and they carry - on bag . a far cry from first class . time CUT to : int . astrid 's apartment - day astrid walk away while Michael watch . time CUT to : int . airplane - day nick Rachel ! Rachel ! stay there . kerry I be gonna go and look for some extra blanket . chubby woman hello. ( in mandarin ) kuai dian , kuai dian . [ hurry , hurry . ] rachel sorry , just one second . Nick , what be you do here ? ( continued ) 133. continued : nick I be fly back to New York with you . rachel God , do not make this harder than it already be -- nick I always imagine what I propose to you would be like . and you know what , I have it all plan out . ( to sit man on plane ) oh , yeah , right behind you . do not mind I . ( to Rachel ) I would bring you to my favorite spot on the island . there 's a hide trail that I use to go to as a child . now there 's a cove there that open up to this beautiful lake . ( to stand man on plane ) um , sorry , dude . give I a second . let I just move . Nick pass by the stand man as he continue : nick when the sun hit the horizon , I would get down on one knee . Rachel sigh . nick and the rest of the world would fall away . because it would just be you and -- because it 's just you and -- ( to female passenger struggle with carry - on ) sorry , I can help you with that . that 's fine . ( to Rachel ) stay there . thump . now , Nick be jostle by a woman try to jam she carry - on in the overhead compartment . ( continued ) 134 . continued : nick ( to woman on plane ) yay . you , too ? watch you finger . lift it up . okay . Nick step into the aisle , help the woman and other get they luggage put away . nick ( to surround passenger ) everybody okay ? because I just need thirty second with this woman . okay , thank you . Nick turn back to Rachel ... and get down on one knee . Rachel be astound , try to stay strong . nick oh , come through . sorry . I know this be a far throw from a hide paradise ... Rachel look into he eye . nick but wherever you be in the world , that 's where I belong . she take this in . he pull out a ring box . rachel but , I -- Nick open the box , revealing : eleanor 's emerald ring . time stop . Rachel 's breath part from she for the moment . her eye meet he and then -- nick Rachel Chu . will you marry I and make I the happiest man in this world ? Rachel , teary - eye and overwhelm , be about to respond . chubby woman yes ! yes ! yes ! she will marry you ! Nick look at Rachel , '' be chubby woman right ? '' Rachel hand she neck pillow to chubby woman . Kerry be stand behind she , all smile . ( continued ) 135 . continued : rachel yes !! the cabin erupt in hoot and clapping ! Nick put the ring on she finger -- a perfect fit . he pull she into he arm as he kiss she . chubby woman high - fives Kerry . Rachel grin as she 's inch away from Nick . nick I love you . rachel I love you , too . this be gonna be some flight back to New York . nick well , I be actually think about stay one more night off Rachel , intrigue , in love , excited . she kiss he again . ext . marina BAY sand ( singapore ) - sky deck - night Nick lead Rachel into the middle of a crowd of people with he hand cover she eye . when he remove he hand , she see a crowd of Nick 's friend scream and cheer . araminta and Colin in front lead the pack . it 's a engagement party at this mind - blow location , perch high above the city . everyone have show up : peik lin , Eddie , Fiona , alistair , Bernard , Kitty , Oliver , Colin , araminta , Charlie , and the goh . they all cheer and hug Rachel and Nick . Nick point for Rachel to look at the pool where synchronized swimmer be perform . Rachel spot Eleanor in the distance . there 's a look of understanding , respect between they . Nick kiss Rachel as all the reveler clap and scream they congratulation . we pull away as firework explode in the b.g ... fade to black . 136 . fade in on : end credit CUT back to : ext . marina BAY sand ( singapore ) - sky deck - night astrid and a handsome man at the party look at each other , then turn away . then they look back at each other with a sly grin . CUT back to : end credit continue . fade out . the end this script be prepare by warner bros . picture script processing department ( 818 ) 954-4632