crazy Love script by Carol Watson committed film as crazy love written by Carol Watson revised 3/10/04 fade in : int . bedroom - apartment - day the sweet silence of slumber . suddenly , a alarm clock on a nightstand shriek the operatic tone of Maria callas . a well - manicure hand , nail paint pink , slap the snooze button and mute Maria . a few second reprieve . then , another clock , station on a dresser , broadcast the fortissimo pounding of the " William tell overture . " toe , also paint pink , swing out of bed and run to the dresser . letty mayer , late 20 and beautiful , turn off the music . she open a dresser drawer and survey panty that be arrange by color , from white to beige to black . behind the panty be row of bras , also organize by color . letty pull out some taupe undergarment , check they against she nail and replace they in favor of a pink bra and panty . letty go to she closet and remove a tailore , pink linen suit . she lay it on the bed . Beast , she cat , jump on the bed and settles into the jacket . letty swoops the animal off she clothes and brushes cat hair from the suit . letty listen , Beast . what have I tell you about linen ? the scolding be cut short by a " urge overkill " song that scream out from another room . on cue , letty head down the hall , dress as she go . she cluck for Beast to follow . int . kitchen - same letty turn off the alarm clock that blast " urge overkill " from the counter and check the time against she watch . she swing open a cupboard to look at can of cat food arrange by type . seafood on the leave , chicken in the middle , then , naturally , beef . letty reach for a can . letty ( look at Beast ) it 's liver saute . letty consider the cat a moment , and choose another can . letty Fine , then , chicken in gravy . but you be go to have to eat the liver tomorrow . int . bathroom - same letty put the finish touch on she make - up and pull back she hair , plaster a errant curl into place with hair spray . yet another alarm clock sound , this time blaring the voice of shock jock MARK and brian . int . entry hall - same letty hurry down the hall and turn off the clock , which be mount near the front door . she bend down to kiss the cat good - bye , grab a briefcase and leave . ext . hallway - chasen elementary school - day a school bell buzy . grade -schooler , clutching lunch pail , scurry past letty , who stand outside a office door . she straighten she jacket , take a deep breath and start to turn the handle . letty be stop cold when chandra , 7 , the victim of a bloody nose , run up to she , bawling . chandra miss mayer . miss mayer . letty look quickly at chandra , she watch , the door . letty ( to chandra ) goodness , this be a bad one . tip you head back . she bend down and push back chandra 's head . chandra , off balance , place one very bloody hand on letty 's jacket lapel , stain it for all eternity . letty , grimace , take the bloody hand firmly in she own and guide chandra down the hall , coax the child as she go . letty come on . pinch it , chandra . pinch it . int . principal be office - chasen elementary school - later principal gail lauer , 40s , sit in uncomfortable silence with bill johansen , the 50 - something school superintendent . also present be mrs . monte , who be a School board member , and two other board member . principal gail glance at the clock . Mrs. mont tap she foot . johansen clear he throat . johansen well , I have a full calendar today , and I be afraid ... the door burst open . letty stumble into the room . she clutches she briefcase to she chest , try to cover she blood -smear lapel . letty Mr. johansen , hello . I be so sorry I be late . it 's very nice to meet you . letty continue to hug the briefcase while awkwardly bend down to shake hand with johansen and the other . principal gail the superintendent be just get ready to leave . letty I do apologize . a student have a crisis . mrs . monte a crisis , you say ? letty a bloody nose ... there be no response . letty reluctantly lower the briefcase and reveal the stain . letty a bloody nose of epic proportion . johansen smile . johansen ok , miss mayer . ten minute . wow we . ext . playground - chasen elementary school - later a bunch of boy play kickball in a haze of sawdust . chandra sit on a bench , clamping a ice pack to she nose . jenny , a limber 8 - year-old , hang upside down from the jungle gym . letty talk on she cell phone . she glance around to monitor she ward , eye darting like a hawk 's toward the kickball game . letty no cherry drop , Jenny . ( into the phone ) yes , hi . I be call for Paul lascher . ( beat ) could you tell he it 's letty ? ( beat ) he can not ? um , well , tell he , tell he that they go for my math idea . thanks . letty dial again . she see two boy fight over the ball and move in to break they up . letty ( to boy ) not so rough , guy . ( into phone ) Mom ? hi. you will never guess what ... I have get the best news . ( beat ) no , about work . how about dinner ? brawl avert , out of the corner of she eye , letty catch Jenny make the dare cherry Drop back flip off the bar . she blow a series of angry , staccato note on she whistle . letty ( to Jenny ) you be in trouble , young lady . ( into the phone ) I know , Mom . but it 's the only place I can call from . ( beat ) can you tell Ruth about dinner ? ( beat ) Paul 's fine , just fine . the class bell buzy . letty get to go , Mom . the monster call . int . restaurant - night tuxedoed waiter glide through the tony restaurant , where the patron dare speak only in hushed tone . letty sit sip wine with she mother , mrs . martha mayer , immaculate in a cream suit , young look for she 50 - odd year . letty 's sister RUTH -- early 20 and pretty , with flyaway hair and a ever- present smile -- bound into the restaurant , ooze happiness . letty discretely wave she over . RUTH sorry I be late . letty pour she a glass of wine . mrs . mayer letty be just get ready to tell I she good news . RUTH ( to letty ) tell , tell . mrs . mayer ( lean toward letty ) letty , dear , be that a cat hair on you blouse ? letty remove the nasty hair from she blouse . letty so , I get the district to approve my after-school math program . Ruth smile at she , but vacantly . mrs . mayer how wonderful , darling . ( beat ) what do that mean for you ? letty I will be run it three day a week , and ... mrs . mayer will you get time off to do that ? letty not now , but maybe later , if they like the program . Ruth stare around the restaurant , a shit -eate grin plaster across she face . letty ( to Ruth ) what 's up with you ? RUTH me? nothing . tell I more about the job . mrs . mayer ( to Ruth ) not a job , a promotion . letty no , Mom , it 's more of a prestige thing . RUTH mmmmmmm . letty pass she hand in front of Ruth 's eye . letty Ruth . Calling Ruth . RUTH ( laugh ) sorry . letty just go ahead and tell we . RUTH there 's nothing to tell . mrs . mayer ( to Ruth ) be you sure , dear ? letty come on . RUTH no , really . tell I about the promotion . letty well , my theory be that people can really enjoy math , but they lose interest ... Ruth can not hold it a moment longer without burst . RUTH ( almost scream ) I be get marry . Mrs. mayer 's eye immediately fill with tear . Ruth leap up and hug she mother . other diner glance toward the table . one woman in the restaurant tap the side of she glass with she fork and raise a silent toast to Ruth . other diner follow suit . Ruth grin back and start to giggle . mrs . mayer I be so happy for you . it 's just wonderful . Mrs. mayer dab she eye with she napkin . mrs . mayer my goodness . a wedding . my goodness . letty wow. congratulation . Ruth dash around the table to embrace the stunne letty . RUTH ( to letty ) can you believe it ? Ruth sit back down and pull a gorgeous ring from she purse . she slip it on and wiggle she finger in front of letty and she mother , who peer at it with approval . mrs . mayer tell we every detail . letty you have only know Jake a few month . RUTH Three and a week . ( scream again ) be not it great ? mrs . mayer my goodness . what about a engagement party ? we must start plan . ( signal a waiter ) Champagne . Girls , we need some champagne . off letty 's freeze smile , we CUT to : int . bedroom - letty' apartment - night letty 's in bed , draw a giant multiplication chart . paul lascher , early 30 , handsome in a corporate way , shrug off he expensive suit . he open a drawer of letty 's dresser , and remove a neatly press T-shirt . he smooth out another shirt he have accidently rumple in the process . paul so , another one bite the dust . letty it 's not another one . it 's my sister . ( beat ) be not you happy for she ? paul she 's only know the guy a few month . Paul lay he fold trousers across letty 's desk . paul can I put this here for tonight ? letty ( point to the closet ) in there 's better . ( beat ) it 's kind of romantic , do not you think ? paul I really think if you be go to spend you life with someone you want to know they pretty damn well . Paul sit on the bed , and lean against a pillow . letty believe I , I know you feeling on the matter . paul the receptionist say you call earlier about something . letty hold up she multiplication chart and show it to Paul . letty my math program . the superintendent say he would fund it . paul good go . I know you could do it . Paul kiss letty on the cheek . paul it look like we be both buck for advancement . letty yeah ? paul huntley tell I today that if I come through on the benton deposition , they may consider I for senior associate . letty hug Paul . letty congratulation . we should celebrate . paul I be think dinner on Friday with James and meg at the Saint Mark . letty I mean tonight . letty sensually caress he shoulder . letty like right now ... paul actually , I need to review the deposition question tonight . maybe tomorrow ? letty oh , ok . maybe . paul but I think if you do not mind , you could listen and see how I come across ? letty ( beat ) sure . of course . letty continue coloring she multiplication chart . paul letty , please , I need you full attention . letty put the chart down and sit up straighter . letty let I have it . int . classroom - chasen elementary school - day letty rub she eye with fatigue . Bobby stand next to she hold a crumpled paper bag . bobby my dog eat my turtle , and the shell go crunch . I bring it for show - and - tell . the child perk up at this news . letty I be sorry about you turtle Bobby , but you know we only have show - and - tell on monday . today , we be schedule for grammar . bobby but my mom say I have to throw it away tonight . Bobby open the bag . he reach in to remove the turtle . the child titter . letty 's on he in a second . letty do not even think about it . she grab the bag . from outside , there be a knock . letty and the student look toward the window . it 's Ruth . she 's be cry . she wave to letty . chandra wave back at Ruth . letty put up she finger to signal " just a minute " to Ruth . she set the turtle bag on Bobby 's desk . letty class , why do not you ... Ruth knock on the glass again . letty glance at she distraught sister and walk quickly toward the door . letty ( to class ) you guy pull out you verb sheet and review they . letty leave the room . the class watch through the window as Ruth throw she sobbing self into letty 's arm . ext . hallway - chasen elementary school - same RUTH she say she will not even come if dad bring monica . letty Mom will not miss you wedding . she will come around . I promise she will . letty glance through the window at she classroom , where Bobby wave the turtle over he head . RUTH how ? letty I will talk to she , and to dad , too . ( beat ) a few wisely - choose guilt tactic and they will be ours . RUTH maybe if we have they both to dinner or something . letty look again at the classroom , where the student be lobbing the turtle back and forth . letty maybe . RUTH you always throw the best dinner party , letty . letty 's attention snap back to Ruth . letty oh , wait a minute , now I see where you be go . RUTH please , letty . letty Mom and dad ? at dinner together ? be you crazy ? Ruth start to sob -- big , loud , air-gulp sob . letty pat she shoulder . letty maybe , though . maybe it would work . I could throw you a engagement party maybe . RUTH really ? principal gail , trolling the hall , spy letty with Ruth . she dispatch a stern look in letty 's direction . letty ( nodd toward gail ) you know what , ruthie ? I better get back to my class , ok ? RUTH and the party ? letty yeah , it will be fun . Ruth grab letty in another hug . RUTH thank you so much . int . classroom - same letty stride into the classroom , pull the turtle away from Bobby and drop it in the trash . letty who can come up here and give I a sentence with a " to be " verb in it ? zach who be that girl ? letty come on up , Zach . Zach approach the board and begin to write , " I be ... " he do not get any further before letty cut he off . letty neater , Zach . Zach begin again , but letty stop he when he reach " be . " letty Zach , you know the line by the " a " have to come straight down or it look like a " of . " Zach look back toward he classmate for help . letty what 's wrong , Zach ? letty pick up a piece of chalk and write a " a . " she erase it furiously and work at it until the " a " be perfect . letty try again , Zach . like that . letty jab at the board with a piece of chalk . Zach freeze . he see letty 's shoe , she arm , she contort face , and , above all else , that perfect " a " stare right back down at he . letty grip Zach 's arm , guide the chalk to form what look like a pretty good " a . " letty I do not believe it . you still can not do it . zach I be sorry , ok , miss mayer ? letty no , it 's not ok . you will never get to college on ok . letty 's finger press into Zach 's arm . a tear slide ominously down he cheek . letty it have to be good , Zach . do you understand I ? Zach wrest free of letty . he 's in full cry now . he back away , stumble , then make a run for he seat . Bobby snicker at Zach 's misfortune . other child glance around , unsure , confuse . letty look vacantly at the child , stare at the board and look at the child again . she sit down at she desk and bury she face in she hand . letty 's fist , clench at first , slowly relax . she take a deep breath and raise she head . letty I be very , very sorry , Zach . Zach continue to cry . letty look down at she desk . she grab a piece of construction paper and a jar of paste . letty you know what , guy ? Wednesday 's not a grammar day . it 's a collage day . it 's a collage on the wall day . letty jump up . she slap the paper on the wall with some paste . she motion for the student to join she . the child slowly approach she . Zach lag behind . letty and , Zach ? Zach , I want you to be in charge of paste . int . bedroom - letty' apartment - day letty lie in bed . the alarm clock blast opera . letty fumble for the switch . she can not turn it off . she yank out the cord . letty get out of bed , walk to the dresser and turn off the second clock before it ring . she go to the kitchen and snap off the alarm , then head down the hallway and shut that alarm off , as well . letty hurry back to she bedroom and crawl into bed . Paul , toweling he hair dry , walk in . paul what be you do ? you be go to be late . letty I be call in sick . Paul sit on the bed and put he hand to letty 's forehead . paul you do not have a fever . letty I do not feel like go to work today . paul wo not it be hard for they to get a substitute this late ? letty it will be ok . paul but what about that math project ? letty Paul , I just can not go . be that ok with you or be I commit some horrible crime ? paul forget I ask . letty I be sorry . ( beat ) I be just ... I be so tired lately . paul maybe you ought to see a doctor . letty no , it 's not like that . letty start to cry . letty it 's just I have get that parent conference , and I be suppose to set up the math program by next week . and shopping for Ruth 's dress and that , that engagement dinner . paul you can get out of the dinner . letty no , I can not . I have already convinced both Mom and dad to come . paul come on , letty . it will get do . Paul touch letty 's shoulder . she pull away from he . letty I do not think so . paul of course it will . remember the big talent show you plan last year ? and what about the Christmas benefit when Santa cancel at the last minute ? but you still pull it off . letty yeah . paul you just need to get more organize . L letty maybe . paul let 's make a list of the thing you need to do , ok ? letty nod she head , and Paul grab a legal pad from he briefcase . int . classroom - chasen elementary school - night mr. and mrs . anderson , over - eager parent , sit across the desk from letty , who stare at the legal pad in she lap . as the anderson talk , letty twist a lock of hair tighter and tighter . mrs . anderson so at home , we have start we own little library for chandra . mr. anderson we think it would be a good project for she to set up she own card - catalogue . letty I see . letty try unsuccessfully to extricate she hand from she hair . mrs . anderson but what I be wonder be whether we should also be spend more time on she computer skill at home . what do you think ? letty well ... mr. anderson because we do not want she to get behind she classmate . mrs . anderson and we trust you opinion . chandra 's always talk about miss mayer . letty oh. mr. anderson just the other day she come home and tell we about you take care of she bloody nose . mrs . anderson and she go on and on about the collage . that seem very inventive , miss mayer . letty stare blankly at the couple . mr. anderson miss mayer ? letty what the fuck . it 's my job . off Mr. Anderson 's raise eyebrow , we CUT to : int . live room - letty' apartment - night the room be a mess of scattered papers and the math twister game . letty sit on the ground cry . she make a pyramid out of the wad - up tissue that surround she . int . bridal shop - day the upscale shop be festoon with pastel and lace and lot of sign announce " sale Day . " frenzied woman pick through dress as " pachelbel 's Canon " play in the background . letty be wedge into a corner , sip coffee . a clerk approach she with a coffee pot and tray of pastry . clerk more coffee ? letty hit I . clerk danish ? letty ( root through the tray ) no more bear claw leave ? Ruth bounce into the shop . clerk ( to Ruth ) danish ? RUTH oh , no thanks , I be too excited to eat . the clerk give Ruth a approve smile as letty rip into a sweet roll . Ruth look through a nearby rack of gowns . RUTH ( to letty ) where 's mommy ? letty do you have to call she mommy ? RUTH where 's the old bag I sometimes call mommy ? letty she say she would be here at 10 . Ruth pull a dress from the rack and hold it up . RUTH what do you think of this one ? letty I would have to see it on . Ruth look closer at letty . RUTH have you be cry ? you eye be all puffy . letty self - consciously touch she eye . letty thing have be kind of stressful lately . RUTH but everything 's ok ? Ruth be try on a veil at this point . letty yeah , everything 's under control . RUTH what about the engagement party ? letty everything 's ready for tomorrow night -- except the artillery . RUTH thanks so much for plan it , letty . Jake 's really look forward to it . letty sigh , move to the rack and pull out a dress . letty you better start try on before the vulture get all the good one . int . dressing room - later Ruth twirl around in a taffeta gown as letty pick up discard dress from the floor and hang they up . RUTH what about this one ? letty ( with sisterly pride ) you look beautiful . RUTH really ? letty truly . martha mayer be lead in by the clerk . letty hi , Mom . RUTH look , Mom , I think I have find the dress . mrs . mayer you look just wonderful , ruthie . but I really think you should try on a few more , do not you ? letty and Ruth shoot each other a look of doom . int . bridal shop - later a bedraggle letty and she mother fight the crowd to look at dress . they be bump and jostle from all side . mrs . mayer have Paul hear about he promotion ? letty no , not yet . but you know Paul . he 's sure to get it . Ruth come out of the dress room in another gown . mrs . mayer I do not like the bias cut on that one . Mrs. mayer hold up a ornate dress . RUTH no more . I can not stand to try on one more dress . mrs . mayer letty , I think this would be beautiful on you . letty oh no . mrs . mayer Paul could pop the question at any time . letty Mom , please . mrs . mayer especially with a promotion in the off . RUTH go on , letty . I want to see it on you . letty ( to Ruth ) do you think I should ? RUTH yes , yes . it will be fun . letty take the gown and disappear into the dress room . int . bridal shop - later letty emerge from the dress room . letty Mom ? Mom ? Ruth ? letty peer around the corner , become a tad frantic . but neither she mother nor Ruth be to be find . it 's just letty , resplendent in ecru satin . clerk I think they go over to the next shop to take a peek at shoe . letty push back she veil , sit down on the floor and take a sip of she now - cold coffee . int . letty' live / dine room - evening a " House and Garden " picture of elegance . letty , Paul , Ruth and Jake stand at nervous attention , deck out in they Sunday best . a knock mark the first arrival . letty open the door to she mother , who do a quick reconnaissance of the room . mrs . mayer I gather he 's late as usual . letty ( to she mother ) can I get you a glass of champagne ? the doorbell ring . letty greet she father , a mid 5as business type , and he wife monica , a young version of letty 's mother . letty hi , dad , monica . I be so glad you could come . suddenly , the parent be face - to- face , letty stand between they . letty Mom , this be monica . monica , my mother , martha . the two Mrs. mayer make appropriate murmur . letty 's parent stare each other down . Ruth shift from foot to foot . silence fall in the room with a thump . letty dad , mother , you have meet before , right ? Ruth take a dramatic gulp of air . the evening hang in the balance . finally , mr. mayer how have you be , martha ? int . live room - letty' apartment - later Mr. mayer and monica cozy up to each other on the love seat while Mrs. mayer , Ruth and Paul sit on the opposite couch . letty pass hor d'oeuvre , and Jake dole out napkin . letty it 's mushroom - time , folk . mr. mayer ( bite into one ) I like the touch of cilantro . it be cilantro , be not it ? letty you can always call it , dad . monica you must get you cooking skill from you father , letty . uncomfortable silence fall on the party . monica wipe the edge of Mr. mayer 's mouth with she napkin . letty Ruth 's narrow the dress hunt down to two , dad . mr. mayer tell I about they . RUTH one 's a silk ... mrs . mayer not in front of Jake , ruthie . it 's bad luck . Ruth look at letty nervously . monica I remember how hard it be look for my dress . I must have be to 100 store . Mrs. mayer clear she throat . more silence . letty you know what I think we need ? martinis . how about martinis to celebrate ? paul yes . mrs . mayer that might be nice . mr. mayer as long as you have ... letty puglia olive . would I forget ? ( beat ) a round of martinis come right up . letty leave with Paul hot on she heel . int . kitchen - same letty shake the martinis while Paul get out the glass . Ruth enter the kitchen and sidle up to letty . RUTH how can I help ? letty Paul , can you hand I the olive ? Ruth , I need you to , what be it ? RUTH what about the souffle ? have that go in ? letty yeah , I just put it in . but the squab , I think that need to be basted . Paul hand letty the olive bottle . paul ( to Ruth ) kind of icy in there . RUTH ( to Paul ) thank God we have alcohol . letty skewer olive and put they in the martinis . bit of fleck rise from the olive , then swim to the top of the glass . letty fuck I . RUTH what 's the matter ? letty grab the olive bottle . paul letty ? letty stand still , fixate on the olive bottle . paul let ? L letty olive aux herbes De provence . I get the wrong kind of olive . Ruth hold up a glass . RUTH what 's all the dreck ? letty Sage , rosemary ... ( in a sarcastic french accent ) Les herbes . RUTH it will be fine . letty no , no . they have get to be puglia olive , pack in a light brine with a flavor that do not overpower the palate . Jake enter . the three turn on he . letty / paul / RUTH you can not leave they alone . / get back in there ./ be you nut ? Jake whirl around and exit . letty look for olive , bang open the cupboard one after the other . quicker and quick . more and more frantic . int . live room - same Jake , Mr. mayer , monica and Mrs. mayer stare at each other , listen with alarm to the wild slamm of cupboard in the kitchen . jake what do you think of that laker ? int . kitchen - same letty paw through she purse . paul what be you do ? letty ( wild - eye ) can you loan I a 20 ? paul sure . why ? letty I be go to the store . paul I think you be overreact . letty turn she best school marm look on Paul . he hand over a crisp bill . RUTH letty , dinner 's almost ready . the souffle ... letty I will be back before you can say souffle . letty leave from the kitchen 's back door . Ruth head to the live room . Paul lean wearily against the counter , savore one of the herb - fill martinis . int . grocery store - night fluorescent light beat down on letty . she race through the aisle . she clutches she key in one hand , a $ 20 bill in the other . letty careen around a corner . at the last second , she avoid smack into another shopper . she stop . letty' Pov : shelf after shelf of olive ... black olive ... all black . back to scene : letty dart up and down the aisle , search , search . nothing . letty scurries to the front of the store . she tap a store clerk on the shoulder . six people wait in line mutter , annoyed . letty I can not find martini olive . all you have be black . store clerk ( without look up ) aisle 2a . letty whip down a aisle . she start to sweat . a old lady block she path . old lady Excuse I , miss . I can not reach the cat food . letty pause . she reach up and hand the woman a can of food . old lady and a turkey and giblet , too , please . she do like she turkey . letty grab another can , throw it in the Old Lady 's cart and dart away while the Old Lady continue to talk . letty' Pov : the sign for aisle 2a . olive . lot of they . Green . all shape . all size . back to scene : letty 's shoulder relax . she scan the shelf . letty 's Pov : label of olive : big , small , with pimento , without . none from puglia , Italy . back to scene : letty zoom back to the front of the store . to the clerk . letty they be not there . I need the one from puglia . she get no response from the clerk , who count change for a customer . letty gesture wildly with she hand . letty they be the one that be pack in brine , but they do not overpower the , you know , the palate . store clerk ( without look up ) specialty food . 7b . letty 's off again . to the land of pink peppercorn , dehydrated mushroom and chinese 5 - spice . but no olive . not a single bottle . letty paw through the shelf , knock thing over as she scour the aisle . she be oblivious to the mess that surround she . a employee with a price checker walk half - way down the aisle . he spot letty and rush away . letty where be they ? where be they ? more and more item crash to the ground . letty be beyond frenzied . employee ( os filter ) manager to 7b . manager please . letty where be they ? letty pound she fist against the shelf . more goods fall . shopper stare . the manager rush toward letty . manager what 's wrong , miss ? letty tell I where they be . she gesture . she knock over a bottle of fat - free lingonberry preserve . it crash to the floor , spew jam . manager I think you should go now . letty I need my olive . manager it 's time to leave . the manager place he hand on the small of letty 's back as if to guide she out of the store . letty back away . the manager grab hold of she wrist . letty whacks he in the shoulder with she free hand . she push he away . hard . he stagger against the opposite shelf . customer and employee gather at both end of the aisle , rivete by the spectacle . manager call security . where 's security , please ? letty take she arm and slide a shelf - full of product onto the floor . they crash and break . she scream . letty Fucking olive . Fucking , fuck olive . two security guard turn the corner . letty spot they . one creep closer . letty no , no , no . go away . Guard one continue to approach , coo encouragingly . letty throw a jar at he . it clip he in the head . he turn away , bleed . Guard two pull out a billy club . manager ( yell ) call police . now . letty stop . daze . she turn around . Guard two walk toward she . his stance suggest he 's stalking a wild animal . letty try to brush off the jam that dribble down she skirt . she look to both end of the aisle . letty' Pov : face , dozen and dozen of face , stare down at she . people point . one boy laugh . back to scene : letty back against the shelf . she slide down it until she be sit on the floor . she bury she head in she knee , sobbing . fade out : fade in : int . letty' room - hillview psychiatric hospital - day the room be furnish like a Hyatt Hotel minus anything you might use to kill yourself . letty sleep . michael , mid 30' , in jeans and T-shirt , sit in a chair next to the bed . he look intently at letty , check he watch and tap she on the shoulder . she stir . michael miss mayer ? miss mayer ? letty' Pov : everything 's a morning blur . gradually , item come into focus -- the intercom for the nurse , the door with a window in it , the three tissue box on the bedside table . it 's a hospital , all right . letty 's vision be fill suddenly by Michael 's concerned face peer into hers . back to scene : michael I know you have have a rough night , but I have a few question for you , miss mayer , or letitia . letty pull herself up to a sit position . michael do you mind if I call you letitia ? letty letty . michael ( consulting he note ) first off , letty , can you tell I where you be ? letty I answer this question last night . michael I know this can be a real drag , but the attend physician on day shift be require to do he own prelim exam when a patient be admit during the night . letty hillview psychiatric Hospital . michael great . now , letty , I would like you to remember three item . I be go to ask you to repeat they in just a few minute . they be chair , cup and ball . do you get that ? letty nod . michael ok , let 's subtract 6 from a succession of number start with letty michael and 85 minus 6 ? letty Michael wait . letty no , 79 . sorry , this make I nervous . michael it 's ok . it 's not a pass -fail kind of thing . letty smile uncomfortably . michael now the three thing I ask you to remember . letty chair , cup and ball . michael terrific . letty smile , a real smile this time . michael let I shift gear here a minute ... ( beat ) do you ever hear voice that other people do not hear or see thing they do not ? letty no . michael what about pattern ? do you find yourself check and re-check lock ? or wash you hand over and over again ? letty shake she head " no . " michael how about arrange you possession in a certain way ? letty pause . michael yes ? go right ahead . letty sometimes my food , and my clothes , and my underwear . Michael lean closer . michael how do you sort it -- by lace and cotton ? letty by color . michael what if it 's get a pattern ? letty be this really important ? because I do not think it 's a problem . michael I see . ( look at he note ) how long have it be since you have do something you have enjoy , letty ? letty ( beat ) a while , I guess . michael that must be really difficult . letty tear up . Michael put he hand lightly on she arm . michael hey , it will be ok . we will make sure of that . letty give he a appreciative look . michael for now , why do not you just take it easy while I confer with my colleague . a nurse should be in shortly . int . letty' room - later letty , dress and make up , sit rigidly on the bed . she write in she organizer . dr . ROBERT emlee , early 40s and in jeans , enter with he own organizer . dr . emlee hello , letitia . I be Dr. emlee , and I have some question to ask you ... letty I do this already . dr . emlee it 's hospital policy ... letty to be interview every hour ? dr . emlee I be the only doctor make round this morning . letty well , I do not have hallucination . honest . dr . emlee this doctor , be he tall , with dark hair ? letty yeah , and a dimple . Dr. emlee shift uncomfortably . dr . emlee I be afraid lhe 's not a doctor . letty psychologist , therapist , whatever . dr . emlee patient . letty what ? dr . emlee Michael , the man who come to see you , be a patient . letty what kind of place be this ? dr . emlee I apologize for the inconvenience , but I must ask you some ... letty I want to see my mother immediately . dr . emlee we discourage family visit for the first 48 hour after a emotional trauma like the kind you have experience . letty I do not think you understand . I will not wait . dr . emlee you will have to . you family agree to the condition not to see you when they admit you to hillview , letitia . ( beat ) we can talk about how that make you feel , but we can not change the rule . letty sink back on she pillow , the wind knock out of she . dr . emlee Dr. Stone 's evaluation from last night indicate you be experience a great deal of anxiety , probably related to depression ... letty' Pov : Dr. emlee continue to talk . his word become more and more distant as the ringing in letty 's head grow louder . dr . emlee we need to talk about start you on drug therapy . most depressive personality benefit from a drug like prozac or maybe Zoloft ... CUT to : int . rec room - hillview psychiatric hospital - same it 's a bigger version of a wait room you would find in a doctor 's office . and it have more game . some patient watch television . other play pool . several form a group around Michael , who hold the same notebook he use in he session with letty . JOHN , unkempt in a bathrobe , hand he a few ratty dollar bill . JOHN I be in for 5 for manic depressive . thomas , late 40s and in a suit , wave a $ 5 bill at Michael . thomas I will go with that as well . Michael take the money , and turn to marie , late 30 . marie ( to John and Thomas ) you two always bet manic depressive . ( to Michael ) tell I more about the guard she strangle . michael no , just hit in the head . JOHN what about voice ? do she hear voice ? michael not that she admit to . marie be she a washer ? michael no , but she be exceptionally organize . thomas how organize ? michael she arrange she underwear by color . Michael motion to mrs . hallstrom , mid 5as , who shuffles by . michael Mrs. hallstrom , you want in ? mrs . hallstrom all tapped out . michael I will float you . Mrs. hallstrom keep walk . marie ( to Michael ) it 's be week since she play . michael what about you , Marie ? marie ( hand Michael a $ 20 bill ) I will say major depression complicated by obsessive compulsive disorder . ( beat ) and could I get my change in one ? int . hallway - hillview psychiatric hospital - night letty lag behind nurse gate , early 30 and in civilian clothes , as they walk down the hall . nurse gate treatment schedule be post on the bulletin board . dinner at 6 , light out at 10 and no fraternize between patient . letty nod . nurse gate ( point as she go ) that 's the rec room . we show movie there on wednesday and Fridays ... and this be the dining hall . letty stop in she track at the sight of the room , a upscale version of a college cafeteria . group of people eat and talk . a paper airplane sail from one table to another . letty I be really not that hungry . nurse gate just eat whatever you want . this will give you a chance to meet some people . letty you know , my mom 's come to get I tomorrow . I will be leave . nurse gate it 's ok , letty . I will be right here with you . int . dine hall - same nurse Gates guide letty to a table where John , Mrs. hallstrom , Marie and Thomas sit . thomas so I say to my publisher this afternoon , I say , do not you even -- nurse gate ( interrupt ) hi , gang . I want to introduce you to letty . ( to letty ) letty , this be Mrs. hallstrom and Marie , and John and Thomas . thomas ( to letty ) just discuss my pesky publisher . May I ask what you do when you be not vacation ? marie ( to Thomas ) let the poor girl get some food , for Heaven 's sake . letty I be a teacher . thomas as you may have gather , I be a writer . John snort . Thomas ignore he . Mrs. hallstrom stare down at she plate . thomas I do not like to say novelist . that sound a little grandiose , but I be on my third novel and ... nurse gate Excuse I for interrupt , Thomas , but we really should get some food ... nurse Gates lead letty to a table , and hand she a plate . letty look up to see Michael at the other end of the table , do a card trick for two other patient . michael ( to patient ) now I be go to say that the card you pick be the Ace of spade . he flip the top card up and it 's the Ace of spade . the patient chortle . nurse gate Michael . Michael turn toward the nurse . nurse gate Michael , this be letty . she just arrive yesterday . letty stare at Michael coldly . letty we have meet . ( to Michael ) I miss you during round this morning . letty turn and leave , carry she empty plate with she . nurse gate ( to Michael ) this doctor thing have get to stop . nurse Gates hurry after letty . ext . hallway - hillview psychiatric hospital - day letty stand outside the wait room door . she tuck she blouse into she jeans and enter . int . waiting room - hillview psychiatric hospital - day letty 's mother sit on the edge of a couch in a room that look much like the library of a English country manor . she spring up as soon as she spot letty . they rush to each other . letty 's mother stroke she hair . mrs . mayer I be here , sweetheart . I be here . it 's go to be ok . letty I be sorry . I be so sorry . mrs . mayer oh , letty , what happen ? letty Mom , I be there , and I just , I be so ... they do not have the olive , and I , I get so upset . I do not know how it happen . mrs . mayer I have talk to Doctor emlee , and he say ... letty I be so glad to see you . you can not believe the people in here . they have get patient pose as doctor ... mrs . mayer everyone say it 's the best facility in the area for this sort of thing . letty I just want to go home . can we go home now ? mrs . mayer I think the best thing for you right now be to stay here and get well . letty maybe I should talk about this with Ruth , or Paul . mrs . mayer we all agree with the doctor , dear . he think it 's safer for you to stay here for a while . letty listen , wait , can not absorb it . letty you all really think I need to be here ? mrs . mayer yes . letty but what about Beast ? who will ...? mrs . mayer Ruth 's already take he home . letty and my class . it will be hard to find a good substitute . and what about my math program ? mrs . mayer Paul say he would call the school . ( beat ) and you father think he 's convinced the guard not to press charge as long as you get help . letty charge ? mrs . mayer for he injury . I guess you ... I guess he get hit in the head . Mrs. mayer hold out a duffel bag to letty . mrs . mayer I pack up some of you clothes , and I can bring whatever else you need . letty refuse to accept the duffel bag . her mother set it on the floor and stand . letty be five again . letty Mom , no , please do not go . please . letty 's mother hold she . Mrs. mayer , cry , pull away from letty . she kiss she daughter on the cheek . mrs . mayer I will see you soon . letty tomorrow ? mrs . mayer as soon as Dr. emlee say . letty 's mother walk out the door . letty stare after she . int . letty' room - night letty , cry , unpack she duffel bag , laboriously smoothing and refolding every item she put in the drawer . finish she task , letty go to the mirror and stare at she reflection . finally , she fix she makeup . letty leave she room . we follow she footstep down the hallway . in the distance , letty see the rec room . she hear the clamor of voice . every step be agony . letty stop herself just before enter , try to collect herself . michael ( o.s. ) four people bet ocd and clinical depression so I split the pool . JOHN ( o.s. ) yeah , she diagnosis be no mystery . marie especially the ocd . sick realization spread over letty 's face . JOHN ( o.s. ) fuck , I mean , anyone who color - code she panty have big problem . letty freeze . Michael round the corner . he stop when he see she , falter , recover he composure . michael hey there . they be show " groundhog Day " if you ... letty you take bet on my diagnosis ? michael it 's no big deal . we all compare . letty ( voice rise ) who do you think you be ? int . rec room - same patient be group in front of the tv , watch Bill Murray . head turn as they hear shouting in the hallway . not even a moment 's hesitation before , one by one , they get up and hurry to the hall . only Mrs. hallstrom remain . int . hallway - same John , Marie and other gather around the fighter . michael do not take it personally . letty you have no right , no right to take the worst thing that 's ever happen to I and make it into some kind of game . michael stop act like you be someone special . you be just like the rest of we . letty I be not the one who 's masquerade as a doctor . I be not the one who 's , who 's ... JOHN ( to letty ) he 's schizophrenic . letty I be not the one who 's schizophrenic . I do not see people who be not there or run around act crazy . letty pound she fist against the wall . patient go , girl ! / come on , Michael . michael oh , no , you be perfectly sane . that 's why you be here . letty look like she 's be slap . she think for a moment . the patient wait , breathless , for she retort . letty go fuck yourself . Michael grin at letty . she turn , and stride down the hall . there 's a smatter of applause . it grow stronger . we see letty 's eye fill with tear as , behind she , the patient yell . patient bravo./encore./re-match . int . letty' room - night letty , unable to sleep , toss and turn . she get out of bed and pace the room nervously , try to hold herself together . she slump to the floor and start to cry . int . group therapy room - hillview psychiatric hospital - day Dr. emlee and seven patient sit in a circle of metal fold chair . Michael , who sit next to emlee , practice roll a quarter back and forth across he finger . letty sit across from Michael and emlee , she leg and arm cross tightly . the group concentrate on Mrs. hallstrom . mrs . hallstrom I can not stop think about the thing I do wrong when my daughter be little . dr . emlee and how 's that make you feel ? mrs . hallstrom I just feel like sleep . all the time . thomas Hell 's bell , you can count I in on that . I have not have enough Z's since I run that sleep disorder experiment at Stanford back in the 70 . marie we really miss do thing with you , Mrs. hallstrom . Michael , sit next to Mrs. hallstrom , squeeze she arm . mrs . hallstrom maybe when I hit my manic phase again . Group member smile . JOHN I have notice letty do not much like to do thing with we . the group look expectantly at letty . letty oh , no . of course I do . JOHN then why be you so defensive ? michael ( to John ) I do not think we need to sacrifice letty to pep up a slow session . JOHN ( to Michael ) you be the one who tell everyone about she panty . Michael grimace at John . letty 's head be bent down . dr . emlee maybe you would like to share some of you feeling about ocd or depression with we , letty . letty eye the doctor . she 's dangerously close to tear . letty do we have to talk about this ? dr . emlee I think in the spirit of group therapy , it 's beneficial for each of we to open ourselves up to the other . Michael reach he hand behind Dr. emlee 's head , catch letty 's eye in the process . Michael pull a silver dollar out of emlee 's ear . letty look but do not respond . the other patient ignore Michael . emlee be oblivious . dr . emlee you never know , letty , how the person sit next to you may be able to shed light on one of you problem ... Michael go for a bigger trick . reaching again behind the doctor 's head , he produce a small bouquet of paper flower . letty , almost against she will , smile . dr . emlee ...by revealing something that 's go on in he or she own life . Michael wave the flower back and forth behind the doctor 's head . letty 's smile broaden . dr . emlee ( respond to she smile ) there , now , I know you would feel better once we discuss group process . let 's talk a little about you ocd . int . library - hillview psychiatric hospital - day letty ponder a shelf of ratty paperback . Michael turn the corner , thumbing through a dog-eare book . letty spot he and move away . Michael sidle up next to she . michael look for a romance ? letty Excuse I ? michael what be you look to read ? letty anything interesting . Michael hold out he book to she . michael this be good . letty glance at the title , " 101 magic trick . " letty but you be check it out . michael I have already check it out 17 time . Michael reach behind letty . she pull away . he produce a scarf from behind she back , and present it to she . she do not take it . letty you keep the book . I be look for Emily dickinson . letty walk away . Michael follow . michael hey , if you take the magic book , I will feel like maybe you accept my apology and do not hate I anymore . letty hesitates . letty I have not hear a apology . Michael drop to one knee . michael I be really sorry I hurt you feeling . I get a little carry away . can you ever forgive I ? letty take the book from he and walk away . int . rec room - hillview psychiatric hospital - day letty sit in a arm chair stare out at the garden . her attention be draw to a nearby couch where Michael sit opposite Mrs. hallstrom , apparently play card . Michael lay a card down . michael Mrs. hallstrom , I be pretty sure you could use that . she shake she head slowly back and forth . Michael place it in she hand of card . michael now , do not you have a gin rummy , Mrs. hallstrom ? ( beat ) go ahead , now , just lay that card down . Mrs. hallstrom slowly spread she hand of card on the couch . michael hot damn . gin rummy . I tell you so . you be three game up on I . Mrs. hallstrom smile . Michael catch letty watch they , and letty quickly look away . int . letty' room - hillview psychiatric hospital - night letty open she drawer to pull out a T-shirt . several be rumple . she start refolding they when she spot it . there , nestle among she clothes , be a book of Emily dickinson 's poetry . letty pick it up , run she hand over the cover and start read . ext . courtyard - hillview psychiatric hospital - day Paul and letty walk onto a postcard - perfect stone terrace overlook the garden . Paul pull up a chair for letty and stare out at the scenery . paul it 's prettier here than I think it would be . letty yeah , I guess it 's all right . paul be you all right ? letty that 's a big question . paul I hope it be not something I do . letty something you do ? paul that put you in here . letty of course not , no . ( beat ) be that why you be here ? paul I think we need to talk about some thing . letty yes , I suppose so . paul this have be really difficult , this whole thing . ( more ) paul ( cont would ) this past few week , it 's make I really go back and examine we whole relationship . ( beat ) I mean , we have be go out for four year , and it have not always be so easy . letty no . paul especially this last year . letty ( softly ) especially now . paul so , I have be think a lot ... letty I have too , Paul . paul I talk to Ruth a little bit , and I think it 's about time ... letty I know . we can not just keep go through the motion . paul exactly . it 's time to make decision . letty you do not have to say anything else . I have know for a while that this be come . paul I just wish we would do it sooner . Paul take letty 's hand in he . paul will you marry I ? Paul pull a diamond ring from he pocket and put it on letty 's finger . she stare at it , mesmerize . paul I have to smuggle it in here . I guess you be not really suppose to have jewelry . letty ( by rote ) or be up past ten or fraternize with other patient . paul I hope you like it . it 's a Marquis cut , 1.5 carat . they have one with emerald around it , but this be simpler , more classic in its line . ( beat ) letty ? letty it 's , it 's really nice , Paul . paul you can take it back and we can have one custom make if you want . letty no , you have do a perfect job . paul so , what do you say , let ? letty look he in the eye for the first time . letty do you think , really , that it 's ok to get engage when I be in here ? paul sure . we will save the formal announcement for when you be out . I already tell you mother . I hope you do not mind . letty no , no . paul so will you ? letty ( work up a smile ) of course . yes . I will . I do . Paul and letty kiss , then hug . ext . courtyard - hillview psychiatric hospital - later it 's completely dark . letty sit in the same position we see she in hour ago . Michael walk up to she . michael you miss out on some great broccoli floret at dinner . letty I be not hungry . michael John even manage to lob a load of mashed potato into Mrs. hallstrom 's milk . letty ( smile ) finally . I be get tired of watch he try every night . michael be it bad news -- the visit from Peter ? letty Paul . michael he look pretty serious . letty he ask I to marry he . michael very romantic set . letty it be romantic . he 's very romantic . michael so be you engage , or what ? letty hold out she hand , where the diamond glisten . Michael bend forward to look at the ring , caress she hand as he do so . letty pull away . the ring be go . letty what have you do with the ring ? michael it 's magic . letty stand up . letty this be not funny . Paul would kill I . Michael hold he hand in fist toward letty . michael guess which hand . letty enough with the abracadabra . michael guess . letty the leave one . Michael open he hand . it 's empty . Michael address a imaginary audience . michael ( to audience ) the fair maiden guess incorrectly . should we give she one more try ? ( to letty ) the audience say one more try . what guess you now ? letty the right one . Michael open he right hand . a plastic , cracker - jack ring rest in it . letty come on , Michael . Michael grab letty 's hand and slide the ring onto she finger . michael with this ring , I thee ... letty pull she hand away . letty really , this be not funny . michael ok , ok , I will give it back . letty hold out she hand . michael for a price . letty good god. michael a small price . letty I will not do you portion of kitchen cleanup . michael no . letty and I be not cover for you when you sneak out to call domino . michael I want a kiss . letty stare at he . she laugh . letty get serious . Michael move close to she . michael I be serious . letty look into he eye . letty ( softly ) everything 's a joke with you . Michael and letty kiss , long and deep . letty pull back . she gaze at Michael . she step closer to he . they kiss again , longer and deeper . they separate . letty look ready for another kiss . Michael caress she cheek . he walk back toward the hospital door . he stop , come back to letty . he hand she the diamond ring . michael here . he walk inside . letty watch he go . int . dr . emlee's office - hillview psychiatric hospital - day Dr. emlee and letty sit across from each other . letty the medicine 's still bother I . it feel like I have cotton wrap around my brain . dr . emlee we will see about adjust the dosage if that do not clear in the next ( week . ( beat ) how be other thing go ? letty I think I have tell you all the news . let 's see -- the engagement . oh , and my sister 's come to visit I , and they say my cat miss I . dr . emlee the question , letty , be how be you feel ? letty I miss Beast a lot , too . int . michael be room - hillview psychiatric hospital - night darkness . Michael sleep . a Christmas Carol blast through the intercom system . intercom hark the Herald angel sing ... Michael bolt awake . he stumble out of bed , in wildly stripe boxer , and race toward the hall . int . hallway - hillview psychiatric hospital - same Doors open like kernel of popcorn explode . Michael , Marie , Thomas , John , then letty . the music blare on . nurse Gates run down the hall and shout to Michael . nurse gate what be you do ? michael ( yell ) not I . the music lower . Mrs. hallstrom , in a Santa cap , appear . she distribute eraser as she thread through the patient . mrs . hallstrom sorry , sorry . candy cane be out of season . nurse gate Mrs. hallstrom ? Mrs. hallstrom give a eraser to the nurse . nurse gate come on . come with I , Mrs. hallstrom . nurse Gates lead Mrs. hallstrom away as the older woman continue toss eraser down the hall . Marie stare at Michael 's short . marie hot boxer . Michael smile awkwardly at letty . she return to she room . int . letty' room - same letty climb into bed . she open the bedside drawer , and pull out a Tiffany 's ring box . there , cradle in the satin lining , be the diamond from Paul . right beside it be Michael 's cracker Jack special . letty put on Paul 's ring . she study she hand . with a air of secrecy , she slip on Michael 's ring . she quickly take it off . wearing Paul 's ring , she turn off the light and snuggle into bed . ext . garden , hillv iew psychiatric hospital - day afternoon light cast long shadow in the garden of prune hedge and tea rose . letty and Ruth power - walk down a cobblestone path , head away from the English tudor hospital that loom large in the background . letty wear a sweatshirt emblazon with the logo for the University of South Carolina cock . letty I can not believe you finally give I the shirt . RUTH loan you . and it 's only ' till you get out of here . letty that settles it . I be never leave . RUTH I can hardly wait ' till you be free . Planning the wedding without you have be a disaster . letty you be slow . RUTH ( pick up the pace ) Mom and I fight for 20 minute over whether we should go with ecru invitation or brilliant white . letty check she stop watch . RUTH what do you think ? letty ecru . RUTH and then the gold scroll or the black romanesque print ? letty completely stop and face Ruth . letty do we have to talk wedding detail ? RUTH oh , no , of course not . letty I mean , you can always send I fabric sample to look at or picture of dress . but , it 's be so long since we have see each other . RUTH of course . you be right . besides , we should be talk about you engagement . they start walk again . letty tell I more about Beast beat up that other cat . RUTH bloody furry mess , like I say . ( beat ) be not you so excited about Paul ? ( beat ) letty ? Ruth stop this time . RUTH what 's go on with you , letty ? letty ruthie , do you ever wonder if you will meet someone else ... someone besides Jake ? power walk 's forget . Ruth and letty start to amble . RUTH what 's he name , letty ? letty I do not say ... RUTH do not even try . what 's he name ? int . letty' room - hillview psychiatric hospital - night nurse Gates pass by the open door , and poke she head in . nurse gate light out , letty . letty close the door . she pull a nightshirt from a drawer , disrupt a perfectly - fold T-shirt . letty bend down to straighten it , but change she mind . she shut the drawer . letty put on the nightshirt , crawl into bed and snap off the light . she fluff she pillow , and turn over . she roll back . letty turn on the light . she go to the drawer , open it , pull out the T-shirt and refold it . she shut the drawer . letty yank open the drawer again and look at she handiwork . it 's a fight with the drawer . open and close . until letty take a deep breath , pull it open a final time , hesitantly ruffle the T-shirt and slam the drawer shut . she run to bed and hop in , turn off the light and bury she head under the pillow . a few moment pass . a knock on the door . letty open it to find Michael . letty we be suppose to be asleep . michael exactly . Michael take letty 's hand and pull she toward the door . letty we will get catch . michael no round for another three hour . Michael check the hallway and pull letty into it . michael nervous ? scare ? worried you be not fit for a caper of epic proportion ? letty do not be ridiculous . michael rendezvous at the closet in 30 . letty forges ahead to the nurse ' station , while Michael turn a corner in the hall , peek out so he can watch letty approach nurse Gates . nurse ' station - same nurse gate letty , you should be in bed . letty there 's a spider in my room . nurse gate yeah ? letty it 's get a green dot on its back . I can not go to sleep with it watch I . nurse gate sound awful . I guess we better check it out . letty and nurse Gates walk down the hall to letty 's room , pass the alcove where Michael lurk in the shadow . he sneak into the main hall and pad up to the nurse ' station . nurse ' station - same Michael wander around the desk , crouch on the floor so he can not be see from the hallway and pull the phone down to he level . he dial . michael extra large pepperoni and mushroom . ( beat ) and two coke . ( beat ) hillview psychiatric Hospital on glenfield . off the fourth Street exit . Michael reach up to a hook and grab a white lab coat . he put on the coat , which identify he as " Val Williams . " CUT to : int . letty' room - same letty and nurse Gates , sprawle on they stomach , peer under the bed . letty it have this red spot on its back . nurse gate Green spot . letty mottle really . Green and red . nurse Gates look letty squarely in the eye . nurse gate I do not know why you feel you have to lie , letty . letty lie ? nurse gate if you feel lonely , or need to talk , all you have to do be say so . letty to talk ? ( beat ) well , ok , that might be good . nurse gate I understand you just get engage . maybe that 's where we should start . off letty 's look of dismay , we CUT to : ext . guard station - hillview psychiatric hospital - same Michael pay the domino' pizza man and try to walk past the guard , jim , who block he path . jim I be afraid I can not let you take that in without the proper invoice . michael it 's a pizza . jim all the same , rule be rule . michael you do not understand . this be a very important , very special , morale- boost pizza . jim what I understand be how low morale get when you be post at a guard station all night , Val . reluctantly , Michael open the pizza box , and Jim help himself to two slice . Michael start to shut the box . Jim reach in for a third slice . CUT to : int . letty' room - same letty and nurse Gates sit cross -legge on the bed , face each other . letty 's face be puffy from cry . letty I do not mean to go on and on like this . nurse gate it 's ok . it 's good to let it out . Michael pass the open door with the pizza box and point down the hall . letty stare right through he . nurse gate do you ever tell Paul how you feel ? letty he be graduate from law school , and he just assume I be ok with drop out . ( beat ) we never really talk about it . but I know he be disappointed in I . CUT to : int . linen closet - later the roomy closet house a inconceivable number of white sheet and towel , arrange on wide , tall shelf . the pizza , coke and a candle sit in the middle of the floor , which Michael have drape with a sheet . Michael stare at the dwindling candle . CUT to : int . letty' room - same letty I mean I be just not sure I want the same thing now that I do even a month ago . nurse Gates nod sympathetically . letty be that so wrong ? Michael pass the open door again , wave he hand wildly to attract letty 's attention . she do not notice he . nurse gate you can only do what feel best to you now . letty I guess so . I think that 's right . CUT to : int . linen closet - same Michael blow out the candle . CUT to : int . letty' room - same letty blow she nose as she walk nurse Gates to the door . letty you have be so great . I just feel a lot clearer about thing . nurse gate I be glad . letty and if I need to talk again ... nurse gate yes , of course . whenever you want . letty give nurse Gates a hug . int . linen closet - same tap on the door . Michael look up . he jump to he foot and let letty in , gesture for she to sit . they lean against a stack of pillow . letty sorry I be late ... Michael put he finger to letty 's lip . michael shhh . a series of shot that fade into each other : A. ) the two munch on pizza . Michael pick off black olive and hand they to letty , who plop they on top of she pizza . B. ) Michael hand letty a cigarette . she gesture no . he light one for himself and begin blow smoke ring . c. ) Michael offer letty pizza . she clutches she stomach to show that she 's full . D. ) letty indicate she want a cigarette . Michael demonstrate how to smoke , affect the style of a 1930s movie star . letty follow suit . E. ) letty grab a pillow and hit Michael over the head . he pull the pillow away from she . letty stand up , grab another pillow and hit Michael again . he whacks she in the back of the knee and she fall on top of he . enough of the fight . they kiss . Michael stroke the back of letty 's neck . footstep approach the door and stop . Michael and letty stop kissing and look at the door . the footstep continue on . Michael pull letty 's shirt up . she start to pull it over she head , but can not get it all the way off in the cramped space . Michael kiss letty 's mouth through the shirt . she giggle . Michael help letty off with the shirt . he kiss she chest . letty bite he lightly on the shoulder . Michael pull away in surprise , grin . letty reach up and bite he again . Michael bite she back . letty reach she hand behind she head , search for something to hold onto . she grab a stack of sheet , which topple onto Michael . Michael sit up , try to clear the sheet off himself and letty . letty push he down and crawl on top of he . close on she hand as they unbutton Michael 's Levis , and we fade out : fade in : int . rec . room - hillview psychiatric hospital - day Mrs. hallstrom sit close to the television , watch Joan Rivers hawk jewelry on the Home Shopping Network . Michael drape the room with streamer , and survey he work . michael how 's it look ? mrs . hallstrom shhh . they be come to the cubic zirconium . michael I like that sapphire earring myself . mrs . hallstrom simulate sapphire . I bet my daughter would love that , too . Michael see letty pass by the room as she head down the hall . he follow she . int . women be room - hillview psychiatric hospital - day Marie enter with she toothbrush and toothpaste . she move towards the sink but stop as ... giggle come from the stall . she look closer , see two pair of foot and one familiar pair of boxer . marie Jesus ... just get a room . Marie walk out . int . stall - women be room - same letty and Michael , partially disrobe and hugging each other tight , burst into guffaw . int . emlee's office - hillview psychiatric hospital - day letty sit on the couch . emlee lean forward in he chair . dr . emlee I think it 's a problem that you never tell I about Michael . I have to hear it from another patient . letty I could not really say anything because of that fraternize rule . dr . emlee well , letty , this do present a liability issue for the hospital . letty I be a grow woman , Dr. emlee . I can take care of myself . dr . emlee what about Michael ? do you know the extent of he ... letty I know Michael 's a schizophrenic , and Mrs. hallstrom 's manic - depressive , and John lockyer have episode of psychosis , and I hear a rumor that you suffer from delusion of grandeur . dr . emlee go ahead and put the guard back up , letty . but you need to know what you be deal with . letty I do not need a lecture . I care about Michael . dr . emlee then that 's even more reason to listen . look , schizophrenics tend to withdraw from reality . they experience emotional disturbance that result in personality change . ( more ) DR. emlee ( cont would ) ( beat ) you could be lie next to Michael in bed one night , and he could have a hallucination , or a delusion . it might happen when you be drive or ... letty look , I know he 's almost through with treatment here . and , he 's on medication . dr . emlee drug can help suppress symptom . but lot of patient stop take they when they be on they own because the side effect be so harsh . ( beat ) and , Michael 's condition be often worsen by period of stress . he 's be in and out of ... letty I do not want to hear anymore . dr . emlee I would like you to promise you will not carry on a relationship with Michael . otherwise , I will consider move one of you to another ward . letty first you tell I to do what I want to , then you tell I to stop . dr . emlee all I want you to do be think about what 's best for you . really think about it . ext . ground - hillview psychiatric hospital - day letty lie in the middle of a copse of tree , read Emily dickinson . Michael walk up and hand she a dandelion . michael a daisy for the lady . letty the lady know this be a dandelion . michael a rise be a rise . letty kiss he on the cheek . letty thanks . where have you be all day ? michael back -to-back session with the shrink . letty sound important . michael I be not allow to see you anymore . letty really ? I too . michael I have to sneak by the guard to get here . they say you be highly unstable , have a depressive personality , and may hold back my own recovery . letty wow . I be bad news . michael what 's my rap ? letty schizophrenic recidivism mark by hallucination and paranoid delusion . michael fuck . that 's all true . letty laugh . michael really , though . my thought go haywire sometimes . letty what be the delusion like ? michael I think people be after I , crap like that . ( beat ) when I be 18 , my mom come home and find I sit naked on the kitchen table . I think I be God . he wait for letty to register the information . michael shock , huh ? letty sure . but I take out a whole grocery store . michael I wish I could have see that . letty I be start to think that everyone 's crazy to some extent . michael my grandma Rosa say that some tree get plant in rich top soil , and they grow right up to the sun , tall and straight . other tree , they start as seed in the crevice between rock so they have to twist and bend to reach the light . ( beat ) but even though they end up crooked , they be still tree , just like the straight one . lying on they back , Michael and letty stare up at the leave overhead . michael ( with a start ) why in the world do you let I start talk in metaphor ? that 's no way for we to break up . letty break up ? they wish . Michael and letty hug . int . nurse ' station - hillview psychiatric hospital - day nurse Gates pour tablet from a potpourri of pill bottle into little paper cup . a Federal Express delivery man with a bunch of box stop at the station . delivery man I need a signature , please . nurse Gates look at the form . nurse gate what be all this stuff ? delivery man I just deliver it , ma'am . nurse gate well , who exactly be it for ? delivery man a Mrs. Eunice hallstrom . nurse gate I see . can you wait a moment ? nurse Gates lock the medication in a cupboard , and hurry down the hallway . int . group therapy room - same we usual cast of character . dr . emlee but how do that make you feel , John , what letty say about you hostility ? JOHN she do not know what the hell she 's talk about . nurse Gates barrel in . the group look up . nurse gate I be sorry , Doctor . I just need a moment with Mrs. hallstrom . dr . emlee what seem to be the problem ? nurse gate they say she order ... Mrs. hallstrom , do you order a bunch of stuff , because Federal Express ... Mrs. hallstrom 's face glow . mrs . hallstrom it 's here , everyone . come along . it 's here . she run out . nurse Gates follow she . a moment pass . the patient look expectantly at Dr. emlee . dr . emlee oh , fine , let 's see . they storm the door . int . nurse ' station - same by the time the patient round the corner , the Federal Express man be leave , and Mrs. hallstrom have rip open one of the box . she clutches a handful of jewelry . mrs . hallstrom for you , John . and , letty . and , Michael , I know you will love this . she hand Michael a pair of faux sapphire earring . he clip they on . letty and several other carry necklace . Thomas sport a rhinestone tiara . the patient compare jewelry . dr . emlee Mrs. hallstrom , you order all this ? JOHN ( to Mrs. hallstrom ) Thomas get a crown and all I get be a lousy bracelet ? dr . emlee you must have spend thousand of dollar . mrs . hallstrom do not worry , Doctor , I do not forget you . Mrs. hallstrom hand Dr. emlee a fake ruby hair comb . dr . emlee Mrs. hallstrom , you can not possibly afford to pay for this . it must go back . chatter in the hallway stop . mrs . hallstrom why , no , Doctor . it can not . most of it 's for my daughter , lily . she 's come to family day tomorrow ... all the way from Cleveland with my grandson . ( beat ) you can not be take away they " welcome to California " present . dr . emlee it 's go back . we will contact the company this afternoon . ( to patient ) take the jewelry off , please . the patient reluctantly remove they gift . mrs . hallstrom but I have to keep something for my daughter . dr . emlee let 's go back to group , and discuss it there . back to group , everyone . the patient head back to group . Dr. emlee turn to nurse Gates . dr . emlee ( to nurse Gates ) increase she lithium to 600 milligram , three time a day . oh , and nurse , let 's see about cancel the cable . ext . patio - hillview psychiatric hospital - day the place buzze with festivity . a " welcome family " sign hang from a patio beam . a table be laden with cookie and lemonade and platter after platter of carrot curl . letty take a cookie and look toward the lawn where Michael play frisbee with he family , even he grandmother , rosa . nurse Gates walk up to letty . nurse gate you mother 's in the rec room , letty . int . rec room - same letty pass Mrs. hallstrom , who sit by herself , hold one small gift on she lap . letty spot she Mom across the room , and walk up to she . her mother have cover a table with swatch of fabric . mrs . mayer it 's so good to see you , sweetheart . letty you too , Mom . mrs . mayer you be look good . a little thin , but good . letty examine a fabric sample . mrs . mayer thanks so much for do this . ruthie and Jake be up to a million thing . and I just can not decide . letty rearrange the fabric sample on the table by color . letty which flower do you order ? mrs . mayer we have not . I want to talk that over with you , too . letty oh , ok , well , better to choose the table cloth first anyway . mrs . mayer I be think either the peach moire or cream damask . letty hold up a swatch of bright yellow . letty this would complement the blue in the bride 's maid ' dress . look . mrs . mayer where 's you ring , sweetheart ? letty we be not allow to wear jewelry in here , Mom . mrs . mayer just think , pretty soon , we will be do all this wedding preparation for you . ( beat ) of course , if that 's what you still want . ruthie tell I some silly story about a crush on some boy here . letty pull out a cigarette , light it and start smoking . letty I have not have a crush since I be mrs . mayer when do you start smoking ? letty I will put it out if it bother you . mrs . mayer the pucker , dear . it do not seem so now , but in time , it will cause wrinkle around the mouth . letty grind the cigarette beneath she heel . she bend over the fabric . mrs . mayer you know , you life be not about be in a mental hospital . letty what ? mrs . mayer I hear this Michael fellow be schizophrenic . letty Mom , please . mrs . mayer do not forget that Paul 's a promise young attorney who love you very much ... letty Mom , look , if I want to dump Paul , I will dump he . if I want to screw Michael or live with he or marry he , then I will do that . Thomas , who sit across the room , look up from he book . mrs . mayer ( whisper ) I be only look out for you . letty ( yell ) and if I want to smoke , I will fuck smoke . letty race out the door and into the garden . in the distance , Michael spot she and jog over . letty 's mother watch they . Thomas approach Mrs. mayer . thomas Mrs. mayer , I be sorry but I could not help overhear . I just want to say , not that it 's any of my business ... mrs . mayer yes ? thomas I think , really , I think I would go with the cream damask . int . rec room - later letty and Michael walk through the rec room toward the dining hall . nurse Gates bend down in front of Mrs. hallstrom , who sit where we last see she . nurse gate it 's ok to be upset . mrs . hallstrom ( gaily ) upset ? why of course not . my goodness , no . I be sure she just get hang up . letty and Michael stop . michael Mrs. hallstrom , why do not you join my family for dinner . you will love my grandma Rosa . mrs . hallstrom that 's so sweet , Michael . but , really , I have so many thing to do . letty if you change you mind , we will be in the dining hall . Michael and letty walk on , exchange a sad look . int . dine hall - later Mr. santucci and Mrs. santucci sit at the head of the table . letty sit between Rosa and Michael . rosa ( to letty ) what do you need now ? ( to Mr. santucci ) send down the lamb . this girl 's as thin as a stick . letty oh , no . I be stuff . rosa tell she to eat , Frank . mr. santucci mangia . mangia . michael ( whisper to letty ) you can not turn down grandma Rosa 's lamb . rosa or my eggplant . I make the best eggplant in l.a . the mozzarella I use , it 's so fresh it sweat . letty heaps more food on she plate . mrs . santucci Michael say you be a teacher . letty I be . I be hope I will still have a job when I get out . Mrs. hallstrom walk into the room , wear she Christmas stock cap . she start to dispense eraser . letty what 's she do ? Mrs. hallstrom , practically skip , zero in on grandma Rosa . she hand Rosa the gift mean for she daughter . mrs . hallstrom Rosa , Rosa , you must have this , Rosa . rosa grazie . michael Mrs. hallstrom , join we . please . but , by this point , Mrs. hallstrom 's already bound away , divest herself of more and more eraser to bewilder parent and delighted child . she clamber onto a table in the middle of the room . Marie get up from another table and leave the room to get help . mrs . hallstrom merry Christmas to all . Ho , ho , ho , ho . letty Michael , we have get to stop she . Michael push back he chair . he 's trap between the table and the wall . mrs . hallstrom my goodness , it 's so very warm in here . so warm . she take off she cap and toss it to a surprised look man . but she do not stop there . with haphazard abandon , she begin to disrobe , first she blouse , then she skirt . mrs . hallstrom Way , way , way too warm for December . now , let 's sing jingle bell , jingle bell , jingle all the way ... the group look on in horror , mesmerize by she behavior . then , almost as one , the patient spring into action . Michael bolt over he dining table and run to Mrs. hallstrom . he jump onto she table , try to restrain the dance woman so he can wrap he sweater around she . by this time , John , Thomas and letty have surround she in a protective enclave . Michael set Mrs. hallstrom on the ground . she look up at the group , and continue belting out " jingle bell . " int . linen closet - hillview psychiatric hospital - night letty and Michael lie on the floor next to each other , trading puff on a cigarette . the glow ember be the only light in the room . michael you must have think about it . everyone do . letty I just want to see Beast . ( beat ) where would you go ? michael the mission up in Santa Barbara . letty no way . michael that 's where I always go when I get out . letty why ? michael my dad use to take I there when I be little . it 's totally quiet . and you can see the ocean for mile . they smoke for a while . letty what else would you do ? michael I would like to drink a bottle of red wine with you and then make love to you and spend the whole night together . and we would get up in the morning and spend hour loung around and read the paper . letty and we would eat spaghetti - o 's in bed from the can . michael how can you even mention spaghetti - o 's after eat grandma Rosa 's dinner tonight ? letty I have a terrible confession . michael tell the doctor . letty I do not like lamb . Michael sit up . michael then it 's over . letty lie down . Michael lie down . michael it 's a good thing my family love you . letty you family just meet I . michael you be right . I guess I be project . what I should have say be , " it 's a good thing I love you . " letty do you ? michael I do . letty Michael , I ... michael it 's ok . you do not have to say anything . letty but I do . I love you , too . Michael and letty lie still , look into each other eye . int . michael be room - hillview psychiatric hospital - day poster of Harry houdini and Doug henn . handcuffs and card deck all over . michael you honor , I feel I should be release . I be sufficiently able to look after ... Michael stop . his eye glaze over . his head dart toward the corner of the room . michael ( to the corner ) what ? what ? nothing 's there . nothing at all . but Michael keep stare . a knock on the door . Michael 's eye refocus . he open the door to find letty . letty John and nurse Gates be wait for you . michael oh , right . I be ready . how do I look ? letty ( straighten he tie ) great . I come to tell you to break a leg , and to give you this for good luck . letty hand he the cracker Jack ring . int . commitment court - day Michael sit near the front of the courtroom with half a dozen other patient from various institution . nurse Gates sit a few row back near john' mother and Michael 's family -- Mr. and Mrs. santucci and grandma Rosa . judge milton , 60 , question John , who 's on the stand . judge milton why have you petition to leave the institution ? JOHN I have not have a episode in more than a month , sir. judge milton how do you plan to support yourself ? JOHN my family 's help I out , you honor . judge milton where will you live upon release ? JOHN live ? John 's mother nod encouragingly at he . judge milton where do you plan to reside , Mr. lockyer ? JOHN with my mother . judge milton be you mother here today ? John point to she . John 's mother wave at the judge . JOHN that 's the bitch . that cock - suck bitch . she put I here . she do . she 's the Satan that do this all . as bailiff remove John from the stand , Michael offer a want smile to he family . int . commitment court - later Michael , outwardly poise and collect , sit on the stand . his hand be clench in tight fist . judge milton the record indicate no major episode in the past four month . and it seem you have the support of the staff . michael yes , sir. judge milton but I see you have be in and out of the hospital more than ten time . michael eleven , you honor . but I be on a new medication now . judge milton do you feel ready to re-enter the world ? michael yes , Sir . my family be prepare to support I until I find a job . they have already locate a apartment for I that 's very near they . judge milton very well , then . by order of the court , you be release . I wish you good luck . Michael 's shoulder relax . he open he fist . Inside be the cracker Jack ring , and the magenta circle it have imprint on he palm . ext . commitment court - later Michael walk to the car with he mother , father and grandmother , who keep tousle he hair with pride . int . visiting room - hillview psychiatric hospital - day letty stand awkwardly in front of Paul , who sit in a wingback chair . paul what 's so urgent ? you have get I worried . letty I need to tell you something , and I be not sure how . Paul stand . paul you can tell I anything . ( beat ) do you want to postpone the wedding ? be it too much pressure ? letty no ... paul that 's a load off my mind . letty Paul , I want to break off the engagement . paul you what ? letty I do not mean to hurt you . I know this be a terrible thing . and I have really love you . paul whoa . whoa . have really love I ? letty , it 's natural to be nervous . but we be go to work through we problem . letty I have meet someone else . paul who ? letty it do not matter who . paul have you be see another teacher ? letty no . paul it 's a doctor , be not it ? that 's unethical . I will have he rung up on malpractice charge so fast he head will spin . letty he 's a patient here . Paul consider this a moment . paul of all the crazy thing . I understand when you drop out of law school . and during this whole mess , I have try to be supportive . but , really , letty , what can you be think ? letty I love he . paul you be go to throw away we life together for some share experience with a looney - tune that you misguidedly think be love ? letty here 's the ring . paul no way . you keep the ring . you will come to you sense . letty I have make my decision , Paul . paul you keep it , letty . this be not over . we life be not over . ext . front step - same Paul walk out the door and down the step past Michael , who run up they two at a time . michael how 's it hang , Paul ? Paul turn to watch Michael as Michael swing open the door and sail into the institute . int . visiting room - same letty wait as a nurse open the door to the ward . letty be about to step through , when Michael enter . michael visitor for Ms. mayer . letty whirl around . letty well ? michael Home free . letty and Michael hug . nurse letty , Michael , you have about five minute until visit hour end . the nurse retreat . letty tell I all . michael I be brilliant , or at least boringly sane . letty so there be no problem ? michael not a one . letty and do you go to the mission ? michael no , you goof , I come to see you . letty just check . michael I see Paul leave . do you do the dirty deed ? letty yeah . michael so , it 's over ? letty all over . ( beat ) do you see you new apartment ? michael one bedroom , second floor , no view . letty furnish ? michael no , I need some serious household advice . letty first off , you will need to go to target . and , let 's see , what should you buy ? michael I better make a list . letty list schmist . you will remember . int . hallway - hillview psychiatric hospital - night letty sit in the corridor opposite Marie and Thomas . they be play blackjack . letty deal . thomas hit I . letty hand one over . Thomas flip over he card . thomas I be over . letty look to Marie , who wave she off . Marie be fine with she card . they look down the hall . nurse Gates walk beside jamie , a man in he late 20 , who wear the same daze expression letty do the morning after she be admit . nurse gate ( to Jamie ) Dr. Stone will ask you some question , and then we will get you settle . nurse Gates and Jamie come upon the gang . nurse gate ( to letty / Bill ) light out in 15 , guy . nurse Gates continue down the hall , hand firmly plant under Jamie 's elbow as he weave unsteadily beside she . marie wow , that first night be hard . letty it 's go to be a difficult few week for he . thomas it really make you think . letty it really do . they look down the hall at the retreate figure . they look at each other . marie I will put in 5 that it 's a straight diagnosis of depressive personality . letty be you kid ? with that glaze eye ? I be willing to bet 10 there be some break with reality go on there . psychosis . without a doubt , psychosis . int . dr . emlee's office - day letty be curl up in a chair opposite Dr. emlee . letty but what I really can not believe be that I be start to actually miss work . dr . emlee have you be in contact with the principal about you job ? letty I think about call , but I want to wait until I know when I will be out . dr . emlee then , you should call . letty what ? dr . emlee I think it 's about that time , letty . the charge against you have be drop , the drug have even out and you seem to be deal with you life quite well . letty be you say I be through with therapy ? dr . emlee let 's not be hasty . ( beat ) I be say we should plan a release date for early next week . off letty 's excited face , we CUT to : ext . target - day crowd , crowd and more crowd . Michael pull unsuccessfully at a shopping cart that be stick to another . a matronly woman walk up , nudge Michael out of the way and yank the cart out of its row . she roll it toward Michael , grab one for herself and be on she way into the store . Michael take several deep breath . with trepidation in he step , he head into the great unknown of the crowded store ... ext . target - 30 minute later Michael emerge from the store , quite pleased with himself that he make it out alive . he command a cart heape full of useless gadget and trinket , a half dozen picture frame and about 20 decorative pillow . ext . ground - hillview psychiatric hospital - day letty and she mother walk briskly through the garden . mrs . mayer must you walk so quickly ? letty it 's good exercise , Mom . mrs . mayer I have get 26 year on you . if we could just slow down , we could talk so much easier . letty slacken she pace . mrs . mayer I be so thankful you will be leave next week . if you want I to pick you up , I will . letty I have already make arrangement . mrs . mayer ruthie mention that Michael might be come for you . letty stop and wag she finger at she mother . letty Mom , we agree . you can visit , but you be not allow to mention Michael . mrs . mayer not even if it 's something positive ? letty nyet . that 's the condition . mother and daughter keep walk in silence . mrs . mayer have you speak to Paul at all ? letty one more and you be out . mrs . mayer honestly , letty . letty a deal 's a deal . the two walk on in silence . silence . more silence . mrs . mayer have you hear the figure on how much Queen Elizabeth 's go to pay in tax this year ? letty stop walk . she turn a sunny smile on she mother , then hug she . letty I know you have it in you . int . letty' room - hillview psychiatric hospital - day letty neatly fold garment and lay they in a suitcase . Dr. emlee look on . dr . emlee so , we will meet every Tuesday and Friday . and if you have any kind of emergency , you can page I . letty ok , good . that 's good . thanks a awful lot for everything , and for come down here to see I off . dr . emlee it be just a little go - away gesture . letty I have a go - away gesture for you , too . dr . emlee oh ? letty put she hand in she suitcase and rummages through the clothes , create a jumble mess . she snap the luggage close . bit of clothing hang out . they laugh . int . nurse ' station - hillview psychiatric hospital - day letty set she duffel bag down next to two suitcase . she hug Marie , John , Thomas , then walk over to Mrs. hallstrom , who hang back from the group . letty embrace she . letty I will miss you , Mrs. hallstrom . there 's no response . letty go to nurse Gates and hug she . nurse gate take care , letty . and , let I know if you need help with any spider . letty you know I will . thanks for everything . letty walk toward Michael , who gather up she bag . michael see you later , guy . Michael and letty walk through the visiting room ... michael be not you suppose to throw a bouquet or something ? letty be not you ever quiet ? they walk out the door onto the front step of the hospital . Michael grab letty 's hand as they hurry down the step . michael where to ? letty I have hear the mission in Santa Barbara be the place to go . ext . santa barbara mission - magic hour in the background , the Spanish - style mission blend into the hillside . letty and Michael sit on a bluff , hold hand . they look out at the ocean , where the sun head toward the wave in a fiery red glow . int . hallway - michael' apartment build - night Michael and letty walk down the hall . Michael stop at a door and showcase it . he jingle the key . michael this be it -- 3b . check it out . letty open up . I want to see . michael Close you eye . letty clap she hand over she eye . Michael open the door and guide she into he castle . int . michael' apartment - same michael ok . open they . letty survey the territory . forget table , chair and couch . throw pillow be strewn everywhere . letty wow . michael you like it ? letty pick up a pillow and run she hand over the fabric . she pause a moment before speak . letty I love the pillow . michael throw pillow , letty . the sale lady say they be the latest thing . letty very trendy . let 's see the rest . Michael lead letty to the bedroom . int . bedroom - same a futon bed , drape with a mosquito net , rest in the corner . two tvs take center stage . letty it 's tv heaven . michael I be tired of watch what everyone else want to watch . now we can watch two show at once . letty let 's try out the bed . Michael grab she hand and pull she toward the door . michael you have get to see the kitchen first . int . kitchen - same michael do you like it ? letty I love you apartment . michael really ? letty you will never get rid of I . Michael kiss letty on the lip . letty what do you say we go out to dinner to celebrate ? michael out ? be you kid ? I have get all the fixing here . off letty 's look of surprise , we watch Michael open a cupboard door . the shelf be fill from top to bottom with can of spaghetti - o's . letty squeeze Michael in a bear hug . int . bedroom - michael' apartment - night letty , in a T-shirt , and Michael , in boxer , lounge on the futon . they watch both tvs -- one tune - in to jay leno , the other to David letterman . Michael eat from a can of spaghetti - o's . letty reach over with she fork and snag a mouthful from Michael 's can . letty how can you not like the top 10 list ? michael I like it . but headline be better . letty you be so wrong . letty take she remote and increase the volume on she tv . as letterman get louder , Michael zap he volume . it 's a war . letterman then leno get louder and louder and louder until letty make a might lunge . she wrest Michael 's remote from he . letty mute both tvs . michael hey . letty it 's sex time . Michael mockingly check he watch . letty climb on top of he . Michael roll on top of she . michael I think it 's my turn . close on they face as Michael gently lick the side of letty 's mouth . letty do I get spaghetti sauce on my face ? michael no . Michael lick letty 's nose . letty Michael . michael shhhh . Michael and letty look into each other 's eye , bath in the blue light throw off by the twin television . Michael place a pillow gently beneath letty 's head . he caress she face . letty 's eye be alive to every look , every touch . Michael kiss she slowly on the forehead , the nose , and the lip . close on letty 's hand as she reach up to stroke Michael 's forehead and caress he temple . closer on she hand as letty run they through Michael 's hair , then twist a curly lock around she finger . soft moan as we dissolve to : int . bedroom - michael' apartment - day close on letty 's hand , rest on the comforter on Michael 's bed . the alarm clock ring . letty 's hand slap it into submission . int . bedroom - michael' apartment - later letty 's still in bed , a look of bliss across she face . michael letty ? rise and shine . letty' Pov : Michael 's face fill she vision . back to scene : letty 's eye close . letty not yet . michael I will be force to tickle you . letty open one eye and glare at he . letty go away . michael how about this ? it 's 10:30 . letty bolt upright . letty I be suppose to meet the principal in half a hour . michael I will see you tonight . Michael give she a kiss and walk into the live room . Michael adjust he tie . letty , naked , run into the room and throw she arm around he neck . letty good luck . michael you , too . kick ass today . Michael walk out the door . letty think for a minute . she fling open the door and yell to Michael 's retreate back . int . hallway - same letty my apartment tonight . you can meet Beast . Michael swing around . michael sound good . oh , and letty ? letty yeah ? michael ( yell ) you have get one hell of a great body . the door across the hall open . a little old man stare at letty 's naked figure . she slam Michael 's apartment door . int . live room - michael' apartment - same letty collapse in giggle . int . principal be office - chasen elementary school - day letty sit across from the principal . principal gail I do not have any choice but to include the parent ' letter in you file . letty well , I understand . I know my behavior be poor . principal gail so , in light of how the parent feel , and the fact the student be do so well with the substitute , I do not think I can put you back in the classroom just yet . letty look , gail , I have be a good teacher . principal gail I know , letty . but the incident with Zach be frightening for the child . ( beat ) now if you would come to I , explain what be go on ... letty believe I , I wish I would understand what be go on . I have work really hard to get better . principal gail I be glad you be do well . letty I have already think about how to tell the kid where I be . letty hand the principal a letter . letty and I would like to send the parent this letter of explanation . with you support , I think they can accept I . the principal read the letter . principal gail it 's a very nice letter . but I have to go with what 's best for the student . letty what do that mean ? principal gail I need someone to work on budget projection . letty Office work ? principal gail or , of course , you could take a sabbatical the rest of the year . int . bank - day Michael sit at a back desk with mr . smythe , who wear a three - piece pin-stripe suit and tap a pencil on he knee . mr. smythe it 's not that we be doubting you intelligence , Mr. santucci . but you work history show so many interruption . michael I know , but as I say ... mr. smythe I appreciate you candor about you illness , but my boss be concerned . michael I can do the job . mr. smythe between you and I , my uncle , he have some mental problem , and I know what you be go through . if it be up to I , I would hire you . Michael 's already stand . michael right . thanks for you help . he shake Mr. smythe 's hand , and , downcast , get out of the bank as quickly as he can . int . live room - letty' apartment - night letty sit on the floor . she gulp down some aspirin , then haul Beast into she lap . the doorbell ring . letty it 's open . Michael walk in , and look around . michael gosh , letty , this be a great place . letty thanks . he kiss she , and lie down on the floor to stroke the cat . michael this must be Beast . letty that 's Mr. Beast to you . michael how be you day ? letty I bomb . it 's either work in the office or nothing . michael sound grim . letty yeah . how be the job search ? Michael make a thumb -down gesture . letty who ever say sanity be fun ? michael it do not matter . it will work out . letty promise ? michael promise . ( beat ) as long as we have steak . letty Steak ? michael it 's a well - know fact that a red - meat dinner can cure the blue . ( beat ) you and Beast wait here . I will be back in a jiff . letty give Michael a tired smile . Michael jump up and leave . a moment pass . the door open again . michael while I be go why do not you slip into something a little more naked ? ext . grocery store - night Michael walk out of the grocery store , load down with bag . he carry a bottle of wine and a bunch of flower . he pass two lady who gossip outside the store . lady one I can not believe he do that . lady two what a weirdo . Michael stop abruptly . he turn back and look at the woman . they laugh . Michael start toward the car . he hear more laughter from the woman . he turn back and walk up to they . michael do not ever talk about I again , you hear I ? the woman pull back in fright . int . kitchen - letty' apartment - later letty , in a skimpy negligee , light candle on the table . Michael enter with the grocery and wine . letty I think maybe you get lose . michael the store be busy . letty you get wine . that 's great . michael would you mind if we just call it a early night ? letty you go ahead and relax . I will cook . michael I think I should go home . letty be you ok ? michael Big restaurant interview tomorrow . letty but what about the red meat- blue thing ? michael you know , we have get that dinner with my parent tomorrow , too . I should really get some rest tonight . Michael give letty a kiss good night . he leave . she stare after he . reluctantly , she blow out the candle and start put the grocery away . letty ( to Beast ) how 's filet sound ? int . restaurant - day the coffee shop have not open for business yet . Michael and six people in they early 20 fill out application . Michael stare blankly at he application . he fill out he name . he can not get any further . two other applicant glance toward he . Michael try to write . he can not . michael ( under he breath ) no , no , no . not now . no. the other applicant look toward Michael and quickly avert they eye . the restaurant manager walk up to the group . Michael grab he briefcase and walk out of the restaurant . his application , incomplete , remain on the table . int . kitchen - santucci house - night this kitchen be the heart of the home -- copper pot , two pasta maker and every size wooden spoon make . letty , lightly dust with flour , mix fresh pasta with she hand . Mrs. santucci peer into the bowl . mrs . santucci more water . it 's too pasty . letty pour in more water . letty I will never mget the hang of this . mrs . santucci all the santucci woman go through this . letty smile at she and knead harder . Mr. santucci enter and kiss he wife . mr. santucci hi there , letty . letty hi , Frank . Mr. santucci look in the pasta bowl . mr. santucci it need more water . he dump some in . letty look sadly at the gloppy mess . letty ( to Mrs. santucci ) maybe we should make lamb next week . Michael walk in . mrs . santucci hi , sweetheart . letty how would it go ? Michael take he tie , hold it up like a noose and let he tongue loll out of he mouth . letty what happen ? michael four interview . four no-gos . letty the restaurant , too ? michael I could not even face that one . Mr. and Mrs. santucci look at each other . letty that 's ok . we can call and reschedule in the morning . michael you do not have to take care of I , you know . a uneasy silence fall in the room . mrs . santucci maybe we should save the job talk for after dinner . Michael look in the bowl of pasta dough that letty continue to labor over . he reach in to help with the mixing . michael ( to letty ) just promise you will love I even if I end up in a job where I have to wear a blue polyester cap . letty I think you know I would love you even more in a blue polyester cap . int . bathroom - michael' apartment - night Michael finish brush he tooth . he open the medicine cabinet , pull out a prescription bottle and pour a pill into he hand . letty ( os ) you be go to miss the top ten . michael come . he raise the pill to he mouth , then open he hand and let it drop in the sink . Michael run the water and watch the pill swirl slowly down the drain . letty ( os ) Michael , hurry . Michael stuff the pill bottle in a bottom drawer . he open the door , sprint into the bedroom and leap onto letty , who lie on the futon . letty scream and laugh . int . mcdonald's restaurant - day Michael sit in a booth drink coffee . he bow over a application , pen in hand . about a third be fill out . int . superintendent's office - day letty and superintendent johansen sit on the floor , which be cover with math game , poster and chart . letty I think I could get the program up and run in the next two week . johansen from what I understand the principal have remove you from student activity . letty she 's worried that I be unstable . johansen study she . letty but I would not push for the program if I be not ready . johansen what about the office work ? letty I would have to do that , too . but I have get better at pace myself . johansen be you sure ? letty I will call you if I have problem . scout 's honor . johansen I have to say I be inclined to give it another try . letty hug johansen . johansen but , letty , why do not you give yourself three week to set it up this time ? int . mcdonald's restaurant - night Michael sit in the same booth , eat a hamburger . about half of the application be now complete . int . tuxedo shop - night letty and she mother sit in silence . letty smile at she mother . her mother give she a very tiny smile back . Michael hurry in . michael hey , letty . Mrs. mayer . letty I get worried . be you ok ? Michael pull a blue polyester hat out of he pocket and put it on . m michael how may I help you ? letty congratulation . mrs . mayer Michael , the shop 's about to close . maybe you could try on you tux . Michael head to the dress room in the back of the store . letty ( to Mrs. mayer ) Michael just get a job . could not you congratulate he ? mrs . mayer I will , dear . I promise . ( beat ) why McDonald 's ? letty he 's be look everywhere for week , Mom . it 's not that easy after you have be lock away . letty look toward the back of the store . her mother look at she . letty ignore she mother . mrs . mayer I have read that lot of people my age be supplement they income this day by work at McDonald 's and Burger King . letty look at she mother , try to read she . letty I be go to take that as a honest effort at be open minded . mrs . mayer do not be fresh . letty just remember that I love he . Michael walk out of the dress room and advance toward the two woman , bow in cary grant fashion as he near . letty 's mother turn to she daughter , who beam brightly at the dash Michael . mrs . mayer ( to letty ) I will say this , dear . he look damn good in a tuxedo . ext . track - day letty and Michael jog . michael aunt lily be the one who marry you father 's cousin ? letty no , that 's aunt connie . lily be the one who look like a hooker . michael oh. and , Harry , he 's the one who like magic ? letty you do not have to know all this by Saturday . it take I year . int . church - day every inch of every pew in the baroque church be stuff with guest . Michael sit in the second row . he crane he head around as " pachelbel 's Canon " ring out and the flower girl advance . letty , in the first part of the bride 's maid ' procession , head down the aisle next . the bride be nowhere in sight . but even so , as soon as Michael spot letty , he stand . everyone else remain seat . they look at he . Michael do not notice . he have eye only for letty . letty 's mother look at Michael with more than annoyance . begrudgingly , she also stand . follow the lead , the entire church stand for letty . she smile at Michael . int . ballroom - country club - later a parade of guest pass through the receive line to greet Mr. mayer , monica , letty , Mrs. mayer , Ruth and Jake . Michael hover close to letty . aunt lily , with fluorescent red hair and a silver lame miniskirt , spot he . aunt lily ( to Michael ) what a beautiful wedding . as she pass out of earshot , michael ( to letty ) aunt lily ? letty bingo . Mrs. mayer talk to she brother cort . mrs . mayer oh , and have you meet Michael ? he 's letty 's boyfriend . letty and Ruth overhear this . they make eye contact . Ruth raise she eyebrow toward letty . letty smile back . int . ballroom - later Ruth and letty talk while Michael twirl across the dance floor with monica . RUTH the worst be when I stammer Jake 's name . letty I do not think people even notice . I think the ceremony be perfect . RUTH that 's thanks to all you help . cort , overweight and red from drink , approach Ruth and letty . letty uh oh , uncle cort at 6 o'clock . RUTH sorry to do this to you . but I be the bride . Ruth turn and flee . cort pounce on letty and plant the wettest kiss ever on she mouth . cort ( to letty ) I do not think I have see you in two or three year . letty have it be that long ? cort you be with that lawyer . letty I be dating Michael now . cort met he in the receive line . what be it that he do for a live ? Michael walk up to letty and cort as they speak . letty well , he just get a job ... m michael in the restaurant business . letty look at Michael , surprised . cort speak of the devil . ( beat ) how do you guy meet again ? letty at the psych hospital . cort I would have send a card , but you aunt and I , we be not sure if that be the thing to do . letty that 's fine , uncle cort . cort ( to Michael ) so you be a volunteer over at the hospital ? michael something like that . letty when he could get time off from the restaurant business . michael ( to letty ) how about a dance ? cort you two go ahead . I be go to go bother that pretty sister of yours for a dance . cort give letty another big , wet kiss . letty bye , uncle cort . ( to Michael ) what 's with the lie ? michael it be not exactly a lie . letty pretty close . michael people at wedding do not want the truth . Michael grab a glass of champagne from a pass waiter . letty it 's not good to drink so much with the medication you be on . michael what 's with this music ? I will go talk to the d.j. and see if we can not get something good go . Michael head toward the d.j. and confer with he . Mr. mayer walk up to letty . mr. mayer it 's good to see you so happy . letty thanks , dad . Michael then walk back to letty and pull she out onto the dance floor as " twist and shout " boom out from the speaker . letty 's mother depart the dance floor , grimace . Ruth shoot Michael a look of pure pleasure . and everyone begin twist , as we CUT to : int . live room - michael' apartment - night completely dark . Silent . letty , in a nightshirt , wander in , and stumble through the room . she fumble for the switch on the floor lamp . the light come on , illuminate a small circle . just outside of it sit Michael . he stare straight ahead . letty kneel down in front of he . letty Michael ? ( beat ) Michael ? you should come to bed . Michael remain focus on the space directly in front of he . letty do you take the aspirin and water ? you do not want to feel awful in the morning . ( beat ) I will get you some . letty begin to stand up . the movement break Michael 's trance . he pull she back down . letty what be it ? be you ok ? michael ( strangely calm ) always the drug . letty what ? michael I see you talk to my Mom . letty we both talk to she , Michael . and you dad . michael why would you tell she I be not take my med ? letty what do you mean not take you med ? michael why would you tell ? letty I do not talk to she about medication , Michael . do not be silly . Michael beat he hand on the floor . michael silly ? silly be I ? letty Michael , take it easy . michael silly , silly , silly . letty I think I should call someone . Michael reach out , grab the floor lamp , and push it over . he lurch to he foot and pull letty to a stand position . michael ( scream ) do not upset my Mom . do not you upset my Mom . letty Michael , calm down . please . it 's ok . Michael knock some flower over , then rip apart a pillow . letty hover in back of he . he pause . she put she hand on he back . Michael whirl around . he slap letty 's hand away . she stumble backward . letty Michael , stop . he stare in she direction , but he do not respond . letty can not make a connection . Michael shove he fist through a window . letty grab the phone . michael not my Mom . not my silly silly Mom . letty run with the phone . Michael follow she . letty trip . she rights herself . she lock herself in the bathroom . int . bathroom , michael' apartment - same Michael pound on the bathroom door . letty dial 9- 1-1. letty I have get a emergency . I be at ... Michael howl -- a long , pierce inhuman sound . letty 1450 North Jenkins . apartment 2. my boyfriend 's out of control . on the other side of the door , Michael scream . another window shatter . neighbor ( os ) what 's go on in there ? letty ( into phone ) please , please , send someone . ( beat ) no , he 's have a attack . he 's schizophrenic ... int . live room - michael' apartment - later letty , wear Michael 's tux jacket , be curl up on the floor in a fetal position . she stare ... at the upset flower , at the rip - up pillow , at a fist-size hole rip through a unsturdy wall . her gaze stop on a spaghetti - o 's can , lie empty on the floor . knock on the door . letty rise slowly , pad to the door like a old woman . the knock grow urgent . letty open the door to Ruth . letty throw herself into Ruth 's wait embrace . immediately , letty cry . after a moment , letty step back . letty I be sorry , so sorry . I never should have call . Ruth look into letty 's eye . RUTH you do the right thing . letty I ruin you wedding night . RUTH I be glad you call . now , not another word about it . Ruth pull letty into the apartment and shut the door behind they . it be only then that she see the destruction in the live room . horror flash across she face . RUTH oh my God . tear stream down letty 's face . Ruth start to cry . RUTH do he hurt you ? letty shake she head " no . " her sobbing intensify . Ruth put she arm around letty , and together , they sit on the floor . Ruth hold letty until the cry ease . letty oh , ruthie , what be I go to do ? RUTH you do not have to make any decision tonight . letty but what be I go to do ? RUTH do you want to go see he ? I will take you if you want to go . letty I can not . I can not see he there . Ruth hold she close again . letty I be so sure . I really think it would work . ( beat ) we have plan , Ruth . RUTH I know . I know . ext . santa barbara mission - day letty sit on the same bluff she once share with Michael . she smoke a cigarette , and stare out at the ocean . ext . santa barbara mission - later letty remain on the bluff , cry . a priest , pass in the background look over at she , and continue on he way . ext . santa barbara mission - night in the darkness , letty lie on she back . she stare up at the moon and star , bright against the night sky . ext . botanical garden - day letty walk along a pathway with Paul . paul I be glad you agree to see I . letty I be just glad there be not any hard feeling . paul oh , none . none . I completely understand what be go on . letty oh. paul how 's work go ? be you back at school ? letty I start on Monday . paul so thing be back on track ? letty get back . paul I hear about you friend . letty what ? paul I hear you friend be back in the hospital . letty Michael . yes . paul I just wonder , well , if this mean there be a chance for we . because I think about you a lot , and I still feel ... letty we relationship mean a lot to I , too , Paul . but it 's over . ( beat ) and Michael be in the hospital do not really change thing . paul I think I have hear this speech before . letty I be really sorry . letty reach up to hug he . he quickly disengage himself . paul I have get a deposition that I really need to get crack on , so if you do not mind ... letty sure , I understand . Paul start down the path . letty wait . wait . letty run up to Paul . letty I need to give you this . letty hand Paul the engagement ring . he take it and continue walk as she stare after he . ext . hillview psychiatric hospital - day letty walk up the step to the impose facility . we follow she journey through the visiting room , past family converse with patient , to the nurse ' station . letty walk up to nurse Gates , who give she a quick hug . John and Bill watch as letty sign the visitor ' register . nurse gate he 's in Jamie 's old room . letty walk down the hallway and pause outside Michael 's door . she knock . michael ( os ) come in . int . michael be room - hillview psychiatric hospital - same Michael be in the middle of taping up the same houdini poster we see in he last room when letty enter . letty hi. michael hey . letty and Michael kiss awkwardly . Dead silence . letty / michael ( together ) how be you ? they smile nervously . letty I guess we need to talk . michael I guess so . letty it 's hard to know where to start . michael pretend like I be you shrink . letty roll she eye . michael sorry . I will be quiet . letty I think about you all the time . michael I sure know what that feel like . letty and all the plan we have . michael yeah , the plan . letty look out the window . letty I have be think I could try to visit you at night after work , and then there would be more time on weekend to see ... michael letty , please . letty what ? michael like I have tell you before I do not want you take care of I . letty someone have to take care of you right now , Michael . you tore up the apartment . you stop take you medication . michael but that be not I . I do not mean to do that . letty well then why would it happen ? michael I do not know . I do not fuck know . letty and Michael glare at each other . letty look away . letty I be sorry . I do not come here to blame you . michael I do not mean for any of this to happen . letty oh , God , Michael , I know . ( softly ) why do everything have to be so hard ? Michael shake he head . letty what be we go to do ? michael what do you want to do ? letty I know I do not want to lose you . I do not think I could stand it . michael yeah , but can you stand to be with I like this ? letty wait . she look away . she turn back and stare into Michael 's eye . finally , she say it . letty no . I can not , Michael . I be so sorry , but I just can not handle all this right now . letty start to cry . tear well up in Michael 's eye . michael I know . I can not either . Michael sit down on the bed and they hold each other . letty I love you so much . michael I love you too , letty . I love you , too . letty and Michael grip each other . finally , they pull apart . letty maybe we could just run away to tahiti and live on the beach . michael that 's the best idea I have hear in a long time . letty wipe a tear from Michael 's cheek . letty do not you have a magic trick or something to make this easier ? michael how about something better ? like a kiss . the couple kiss more tenderly than ever before . letty I can still come visit you , you know . michael would that really be such a good idea for either of we ? letty just promise I you will be ok , ok ? michael I will . and you make sure you take care of yourself . Michael put he hand under letty 's chin and draw she head up so he can look into she eye . michael promise you will not fall for any guy pretend to be doctor . letty shake she head " no " as tear stream down she face . letty I guess I should go now . michael you should go . letty stand up and walk toward the door . she come back and embrace Michael again . slowly , they separate , and letty leave the room . Michael stare out the window . ext . hillview psychiatric hospital - same letty walk out the door , down the step and along the front walkway -- until , finally , the hospital recede in the distance . int . classroom - chasen elementary school - day letty sit on top of a desk . Children of all age stare she down . a few familiar face -- Bobby and Jenny -- grace the room . principal gail pass outside the window and glance in . letty first of all , I want to welcome you to mathshop . I have lot of fun game plan for we . ( beat ) let 's see , Bobby , can you help I pass out this card ? Bobby do not move . letty be something wrong , Bobby ? bobby why be you go so long ? jenny my mom say you go crazy . letty I have what some people call a nervous breakdown . I be not deal with life so well so I go ... bobby to a place for psychos . letty to a psychiatric institution . jenny what 's that ? letty it 's a place where you figure out what you want , and what thing in you life be not work . you learn to look out for yourself and not get ... letty trail off . she see that she 's lose the class . Bobby launch a spit wad that hit the boy in front of he . letty let I show you the best thing I learn . she walk up to Bobby . he twist around in he seat , try to hide the rest of he supply of spit wad . letty wave she hand around Bobby 's head . the child , stare , delighted . she pull a bright coin out of he ear , and hand it to he . child ( together ) wow. / neat . / do it again , miss mayer . letty put she hand behind she back and produce a bouquet of paper flower . now , she 's get the class hook . fade out : the end