crazy heart by Scott Cooper base on the novel , craz heart , by Thomas cobb pink revision page 8/07/08 Blue revision page 7/30/08 White production draft July 24 , 2008 crazy heart production , Inc 1368 cerrillos Road Santa Fe , nm 87505 ( 505 ) 820-7953 office ( 505 ) 820-0967 fax ext . the spare room bowling alley - pueblo , colorado - day 1 * bad blake , fifty - seven year old , stand in the parking lot * in front of he 1978 chevrolet suburban . * above he a sign announce : winter league now forming country record STAR / bad blake / here / friday , august 12 . bad reach for a pall mall . the pack be nearly empty , loose and slick with sweat . he light one and look to the sign . bad Jack , you bastard . a fuck bowl alley . int . the spare room bowling alley - moment later 2 * the bowl alley be full of light and smell of wax . the air - conditioning hit hard and turn bad 's soak shirt icy . a single bowler work in the middle of thirty lane . bad hear the ball drop , the steady roll , and then the impact . manager ( 0.8 . ) bad blake ! I be proud to meet you , God . I use to listen to you when I be just a kid . bad manage a wheeze and smile and pump the manager 's hand . the manager be overweight , early thirty , and all smile . manager ( cont 'd ) have a good trip ? bad Long but good . play clovis , New Mexico last night . saw some pretty country , but glad to be here . manager down there 's the bandstand . the manager point to a make - shift stage : in the shadow lurk a drum kit and microphone . manager ( cont 'd ) I will catch up to you later . sure glad to have you , bad . make my day . bad move over to the bar . int . the spare room bowling alley - bar — continuous 3 * behind the bar , enormous fish swim back and forth ina light aquarium . bad call to the barmaid . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 2 ( cont 'd ) 3 bad darlin , bring I a j.d. up , beer back . bad smile and point to the fish . bad ( cont 'd ) buy one for the boy in the backroom there , too . the barmaid , young , sullen and early twenty , do not smile . barmaid Three twenty -five . bad ( wink ) on my tab , darlin . barmaid no tab . bad I be bad blake , little darlin' . I be the band . she turn and walk away . the manager appear at bad 's side . manager Mr. blake , we have a real nice room for you over in the starlight Inn , and of course , you meal be take care of , but I be afraid we can not let you run a bar tab . it 's in the contract . Mr. greene of greene and gold put that in himself . bad reach out . for a second he be ready to grab the gristly knob of the manager 's Adam 's apple and crush it . instead , he touch the man 's shoulder and gently squeeze . bad if you and Jack have a agreement , we will have to stick by it . do not worry yourself about it , old buddy . bad ( cont 'd ) ( to the barmaid ) how much ? barmaid Three twenty -five . bad look hard at the shot . he 's sweat . the cigarette between he finger be waver . he dig four dollar from he pocket . the barmaid leave he change on the bar . he keep it . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 3 ( cont 'd ) ( 2 ) 3 manager Mr. blake . let I personally offer you all the free bowl you want . bad nearly choke . int . starlight inn - later 4 the room be standard fare : Queen bed , small tv , sparse light . telephone in hand , bad , shirt stripped off , run he hand across he broad belly and groan . on the tv , a man and woman embrace . they lip move , but no sound . bad talk to he manager , jack greene , late sixty . intercut : int . office - los angele - day 5 Jack sit behind he desk , stare out at the smoggy haze of Los Angeles . jack bad , I do not want to tell you until you come off this swing . c.m.i. cut out " so sweet , so bad " . bad but that fucker be still sell . jack it have slowed a lot , and the chain do not want it anymore . plus , Tommy 's get nine album out there right now . bad sit up and look out into the parking lot . bad what about Tommy 's new album ? I will be off the road in a couple of week . we can get right to it . jack Tommy want to know if you have get new material . bad look to the tv . the color be streak and blotchy . bad you know I do not have new material . and there 's nothing wrong with the old stuff . jack Tommy think he 's lean too hard on the old stuff . ( more ) ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 4 ( cont 'd ) 5 jack ( cont 'd ) he do not want people to think he 's riding the gravy train . bad that son-of -a-bitch have a lifetime pass on the gravy train . jack come on , bad . remember who 's ask who to do a record here . bad stand and move to the window . bad Jack , you jerk -off . you get out here , in clovis , goddamn , New Mexico and play in a piano bar or a bowl alley . get up the next fuck morning at five and drive three hundred mile with hemorrhoid so bad it feel like you have get a nest of fire ant up you ass , and then you tell I about riding the goddamn gravy train . you and Mr. country Star Tommy sweet both try it sometime . jack bad , calm down . Tommy say he want new material . I will keep talk , but he hold the card . you know that , I know it , and Tommy sweet sure as hell know it . bad you tell Tommy for I that he would not know country music if it come up and kick he in he world - famous ass . Jack keep talk , and bad put the phone against he belly and look back at the tv . bad Jack , I be break . I be fifty - seven year old and I only have ten buck to my name . jack I send you money when you be still in Texas . plenty . so spend it wisely , bad . bad do I ever tell you you mother use to bite when she give head ? ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 4a ( cont 'd ) ( 2 ) 5 jack I love you too , bye . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 5 ( cont 'd ) ( 3 ) 5 Jack hang up . bad fall heavily onto the mattress . int . liquor store - later 6 bad stare at a fifth of jack daniel be for what seem like a eternity . as he stoops to a pint of heaven hill , he knee erack and he exhales . all accompany by a deep sigh . man ( o.8 . ) Mr. blake ? bad turn and face a man about the same age as himself . man ( cont 'd ) Hell fire . it be you . it really be bad blake right here in my store . the man reach out he hand . man ( cont 'd ) I be Bill Wilson . I be a big fan . bad smile and look to the cheap bourbon . bill here . here , Mr. blake . here 's the Jack Daniel 's . Bill pull a full liter of j.d. off the shelf . bill ( cont 'd ) be a big fan and all , I kind of keep track of what the star drink . it 's kind of a hobby , you know . Willie Nelson and he Lone Star beer , Tommy sweet and he Southern Comfort , and bad blake and he Jack Daniel 's . of course , I never think I would actually have a star right here in my store . bad eye the bottle in Bill 's hand and wheeze with desire . bill ( cont 'd ) my wife , beverly , be one of you biggest fan . she will flat die when she find out you be here in the store . we be go to you show tonight . if you could sing ' I do not know ' for she , it would sure mean the world to she . bad you get it , old buddy . bad can not take he eye off that bottle of jack . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 6 ( cont 'd ) 6 bad ( cont 'd ) ' I do not know ' for beverly . you get it . bill ( hand the j.d. to bad ) here , take this . I want to be able to tell everyone that I buy bad blake a drink . bad look to the heaven and smile . int . starlight inn - later 7 the bottle of j.d. be a quarter finish . someone pound on the door . bad open the door to find a young man , tony , with long hair and a wispy beard . tony hi , I be tony . bad blink in incomprehension . tony ( cont 'd ) tony . tony and the renegade . you band . bad of course . tony I and the boy be over at the alley , set up . we be wonder what time to start rehearse . bad soon as you can and do it as often as you can . that 's the secret . bad try to shut the door , but tony stop he . tony what I mean be , what time be you come to rehearsal ? bad sigh and lead tony by the arm out to he van . ext . starlight inn - same 8 bad I get lead sheet if you all can read music , chord chart if you can not . cd 's and a play list . you go on . I will be by later . bad turn for the bottle and the room . tony follow . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 7 ( cont 'd ) 8 tony Mr. blake , it would mean a lot to we if you would come on over early . I mean , we need to get the lead down and all that . bad lead ? Son , be they pay you more than they be pay I ? tony but , I think you could show we some thing , teach we some of that old stuff bad 's boy use to do . be it true you teach Tommy sweet how to play guitar ? bad ignore the remark about Tommy . bad all right . you all go listen to the cd' . listen carefully and study the lead sheet . give I a hour to get some dinner and I will be on over . int . sunny side up cafe - afternoon 9 Inside the drab roadhouse , bad poke at a chicken - fry steak . pale gravy ooze from it and blend with mashed - potato and corn . a waitress slide into the booth across the table from he . she exhales a long stream of cigarette smoke over he food . waitress everything , okay .? bad ( nod ) Fine . just fine . she wink at he . a small row of mascara stick to she lower lash . she wear a red nylon blouse and a plastic name tag that say , " howdy , I be jo Ann . " jo ann mind if I smoke ? bad wave he hand . jo ann ( cont 'd ) you must like to eat early and avoid the crowd . be able to eat in peace without a bunch of people ask for autograph and stuff ... mind if I ask a question ? ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 of ( cont 'd ) 9 bad shoot . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 8 ( cont 'd ) ( 2 ) 9 she reach over and tap he knuckle with a long red fingernail . jo ann I always wonder if you have a good time sing that song . because , God , I have I a couple of real good time listen to they . her laugh be deep and a raspy from the cigarette smoke . bad anything you want to hear tonight ? she bite she tongue as she think . her tooth be stain red from the lipstick . jo ann you do anything from that album you do with Tommy sweet ? bad a few . the standard . jo ann any of that . God , I just love that album , memories : so sweet , so bad . bad so do Tommy , darlin’ . she laugh that raspy laugh . jo ann you two do not get along anymore ? bad ( shrug ) what the wife do not get off that album , Tommy do . she run she finger up he forearm . jo ann why do not you tell I you real name ? bad you want to know that , you get to marry I . otherwise , it 's just bad . 10 pink revision 12/7/2009 8a int . the spare room bowling alley - late afternoon 10 as bad cross to the stage carry he guitar and tweed , vintage fender amp , a rockabilly version of bad 's " I do not know , " as play by the renegade , swell up and stagger he . tony and the renegade stop as they see he approach , though the drummer continue to pound for a few more beat . ( continued ) 10 11 pink revision 12/7/2009 9 ( cont 'd ) 10 bad I hope to God that be not one of my song you be play . tony step down from the stage . tony Mr. blake , this be the renegade . drummer , that 's it ? that 's you equipment ? bad unsnap he case . bad this be it . a '59 gretsch with a action that would put a twenty year - old whore to shame . bad look to they heavy , stack Marshall amp . bad ( cont 'd ) if you be play loud enough to drow out my amp , you be play too fuck loud . at that , tony turn to he band and strum a couple of chord . bad dig through he case . bad ( move toward tony ) you might want to bring it up a half step . tony I be in tune . I get a electronic tuning meter . bad I get a fifty - seven year old ear say you be off . and so they rehearsal begin . int . the spare room bowling alley - rehearsal - later 11 guitar in hand and now wear dark sunglass , bad cross to he amp and take a seat . he begin a blues-tint solo of '' somebody else " that cause tony to throw a look to he band . tony that be not country . bad look up from he guitar . ( continued ) 11 11 a pink revision 12/7/2009 9 a ( cont 'd ) will bad country 's just the white man 's blue . tony look to the renegade and then back to bad . tony do some of that Tommy sweet stuff for we . bad look to tony and then begrudgingly oblige . bad it 's just some of that cajun patois steel - bendin stuff ... the boy look at one another as bad start in on one of he great hit , " I do not know " . he run through a break full of hammer and pull , the style he teach Tommy and that have become Tommy 's signature . tony ( cont 'd ) I be not sure . I think Tommy play it more like this . tony begin the song again , throw in double and triple pull , trill the high note . the renegade join in bombastically . tony ( cont 'd ) I think that 's more the sort of thing he do now . that 's the way we like to play it . bad keep work on that because someday Tommy will be play this very bowl alley . you will all still be here and you can buy each other drink , get drunk and be a couple of guitar-pick wonder . bad case he gretsch . omitted 11 a 12 13 pink revision 12/7/2009 10 int . starlight inn - later 12 two hour before the show . bad watch a mexican soap opera on tv , still without sound . he take a long pull at he bottle of Jack Daniels . he 's pretty light . ext . the spare room bowling alley - night 13 bad struggle across the parking lot carry he guitar in one hand and he amp in the other . he 's a aging man dress in he signature black boot - cut slack , vest and white shirt . at the back door , tony and the renegade be loung , cool off between set . they watch bad lurch across the parking lot . no one offer help . bad 's wheeze hard . the air be sharp with marijuana as bad watch a joint go from hand to hand . tony we be afraid you be not go to show . the band member look at each other , smile . bad Son , I have play sick , drunk , divorced and on the run . bad blake have never pull a no-show in he whole damned life . ( more ) ( continued ) 13 14 15 15 pink revision 12/7/2009 11 ( cont 'd ) 13 bad ( cont 'd ) not even in a fuck bowl alley back by a bunch of hippie . bad take the joint and take a long drag . bad look at the joint and take one more drag . bad you sure they be not pay you more than they be pay I ? int . the spare room bowling alley —- later 14 * the bar and stage area be dark . bad adjust he guitar and step back off stage , nearly fall . he nod to tony . tony step on the light switch and illuminate the stage area . the band move into a up - tempo version of " somebody else . " at the end of the first chorus , tony move to the microphone . tony lady and gentleman , the spare room be proud to present country recording star ' the wrangler of Love , " Mr. bad blake . bad step forward to where the light be suppose to be on , but misjudge . only he guitar be in the light . he take a step into the light and swing into he jazzy melody , simple , but quick and light , full of triplet that sound harder to play than they really be . bad * ( to the band ) * go to C ... now to F . * bad step to the mic and start the song .. * bad ( cont 'd ) * I use to be somebody now I be sombebody else who I will be tomorrow be anybody 's guess ... after another half minute of the song , we : fade to : omitted 15 int . bowling alley - continuous 15 a bad 's shirt be sweat-stain . he 's become more drunk by the moment . the whiskey start to push back up in he throat . ( continued ) 15 a pink revision 12/7/2009 11 a ( cont 'd ) 15 a bad I can not tell you how good it be to be here in pueblo ... if I have learn anything over the year , it 's give you folk what you want to hear ... this song be for all of you who have be good to I for such a long spell . but I also want to send it out special to a couple of my dear friend , Bill and beverly . God , I think the world of they . bad begin a waylon -esque version of " I do not know " . the applause start again . the band come in behind bad and form a pocket for he to fit in a a melody . bill ( from the liquor store ) and beverly wilson , in match shirt , jeans , and boot , beam . after half a minute , bad unplug he guitar , stumble , and then land on one knee on top of he amp . he look up to see a red amplifier light , pulsing in the dark . he then steady himself and cross to a crack alley door behind the stage . * 16 17 18 pink revision 12/7/2009 12 omitted 16 ext . the spare room bowling alley - same 17 bad 's outside in the back alley , on he knee , hold the rim of a garbage can . he 's cold and shiver . he wipe he face with a handkerchief , then check 's to see if he 's keep he outfit clean . it 's soak with sweat . in the background , we hear tony and he boy play they heart out . int . the spare room bowling alley - moment later 18 bad cross to he amp and watch as tony mightily overcook a solo . he pick up he guitar , and just as tony finish to a round of warm applause , bad start in on the same solo . his musicianship be smoother , more efficient , and much more masterly . tony meekly step back downstage as bad finish the guitar lesson . the crowd roar they approval . as the renegade finish the jam , bad unsteadily step to the microphone . bad it 's be wonderful be with you tonight . I want to dedicate this show to jo Ann , bless she pretty little heart . ( more ) ( continued ) * 18 19 20 21 22 23 pink revision 12/7/2009 13 ( cont 'd ) 18 bad ( cont 'd ) you all drive safely now and Lord * willing , we will get together again real soon . good night . bad make eye contact with jo ann . she sit next to a tall , angular man with a high -crown hat . tony then step to the microphone . tony lady and gentleman , the star of the show . let 's hear it for the great bad blake . large round of applause as bad play a quick riff and step into the shadow . int . starlight inn - next morning 19 * Light start to come through the window next to the bed . bad turn over next to jo ann . her makeup have wear off , and she hair be tangle around she hand . she look older and draw . bad dress quietly and exit into another day . ext . establishing - santa fe , new mexico —- day 20 * the building be low and nestle into the hill . it 's flat as hell . bad , listen to freddie fender be " que " , pull he suburban into the land of enchantment motel . * * ext . land of enchantment motel - later 21 * bad exit the motel office and walk toward he room . a desk clerk exit the office and call out to bad . desk clerk Mr. blake ? a Mr. Jack greene send this . the desk clerk hand bad a envelope . he open it to find two hundred dollar . he smile at the desk clerk and pocket it . int . land of enchantment motel —- later 22 * bad sit on the bed . his guitar unstrung , he meticulously * polish the fretboard with linseed oil . one have to wonder how many set of string bad have wear out in he career . ext . evangelo' bar - santa fe - later 23 * just before bad enter the bar , he stop to listen to he new band . someone be play piano , instrumental in the vein of Charlie Rich . 24 pink revision 12/7/2009 13a int . evangelo' bar - santa fe - continuous 24 * bad stop inside the doorway as wesley barne , a large man , who 's sweat profusely , play the piano beautifully . barne stop play and wipe he brow as he spot bad . ( continued ) 24 ( cont 'd ) pink revision 12/7/2009 14 24 bad sound real good . Real good . be a long time since I have play with a good piano player . wesley barne thanks , Mr. blake . means the world to I . I be wesley barne . wesley wipe he hand on he trousers and move to bad . bad look bad mighty fine , wesley . you work before ? wesley barne when I be kid . I just do this for fun . just for fun and a couple of extra dollar . bad well , it 's real nice to run into someone on the road who really be good . it 's go to be a pleasure . wesley barne I appreciate it . around the bar . no one else be here . wesley barne the rest of the guy be run late . Day job . bad as long as you be here , we will be fine . wesley beam . bad uncase he guitar and attaches the strap . after a beat , wesley nervously approach bad . wesley barne can I ask you a favor , Mr. blake ? bad bad , buddy , bad . what can I do for you ? wesley barne I hate to impose , especially since we just meet . but you see , I have this niece , and she 's a writer . she 's try to be a writer . she write local here in Santa fe. ( more ) ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 14a 24 ( cont 'd ) ( 2 ) 24 wesley barne ( cont 'd ) I mean it 's not the New York Times , anyway , she would love to do a interview with you . a article about you for the paper . ( continued ) 24 25 pink revision 12/7/2009 15 ( cont 'd ) ( 3 ) 24 bad Hell , I have not do one for year , but you send you little niece around . I will be glad to help she out . int . land of enchantment motel —- later 25 bad be fresh from a shower . he 's wrap in a towel . his room - service dinner steam on a nearby table . there 's a knock at the door . he open it to find a woman who appear to be in she early thirty , with dark hair . she 's wear a fresh denim shirt and crease jeans . this be jean craddock , wesley barne ' niece . jean Mr. blake ? I have come at a bad time . bad 's nearly naked . bad who the hell be you ? jean Jean craddock , the Sun scene ... wesley barne ' niece . I have come for the interview . this be a bad time . bad no. yes . shit. I be have dinner . I just get out of the shower . jean I will come back . when 's a good time ? bad Hell , just wait outside a minute . let I get dress . bad close the door and grab at he clothes . his hair be wet and comb back . he put on denim jeans and a western shirt . he look around the room . sheet music and clothes strewn about . he straighten the bed and cross to the door . jean I be sorry . I should have call . bad come in . he look at she closely . she 's a little older than first think . maybe late thirtie . she have a tape recorder in one hand and a camera over she shoulder . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 15 a 25 ( cont 'd ) 25 bad ( cont 'd ) no picture . you want some steak ? ( continued ) 25 pink revision 12/7/2009 16 ( cont 'd ) ( 2 ) 25 jean no . how about later ? bad which ? jean picture . maybe on stage ? bad be all right . mind if I eat ? she sit across the room and set the tape recorder on the dresser . bad cut a piece of steak and bite into it . jean let 's see . you always dress for dinner ? the chew steak lodge in he throat . jean ( cont 'd ) sorry . let I see . where be you from ? bad bear in Fort Worth . live in Houston now . jean how would you learn music ? bad how ? I do not know . my daddy buy himself a old washburn , never play it , and I just start fool with it . jean who would you listen to ? bad oh , a bunch of people you have probably never hear of . hank Williams , waylon jenning - jean lefty frizzell ? he smile , impressed , and reach for he Jack Daniel 's . bad drink ? Jean shake she head . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 16 a 25 ( cont 'd ) ( 3 ) 25 bad ( cont 'd ) mind if I do ? ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 17 25 ( cont 'd ) ( 4 ) 25 jean of course not . he fill a plastic glass with ice , and then whisky . jean ( cont 'd ) would you agree that you music be also influence by the blue ? bad oh , hell , yeah . pinetop Perkins , Robert Johnson ... we all owe we existence to they Delta boy . Jean smile and look down at she notepad . jean you ever want to do anything else ? bad play baseball . I be pretty good at it until I realize I could not hit the curve . jean lucky for we . bad lucky for I . it be not no picnic but I be still do it ... you always want to be a writer ? jean I do not know what I want for a long time . her sincerity stop he . he have a closer look . bad but you do now , do not you ? jean I know what I do not want to do again . bad ( snort ) amen . she blushes . and he be intrigue again . bad ( cont 'd ) married ? jean be . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 17a 25 ( cont 'd ) ( 5 ) 2s bad be that one of they thing you do not want to do again ? jean not unless it 's right . bad how the hell will you know ? ( continued ) 25 pink revision 12/7/2009 18 ( cont 'd ) ( 6 ) 25 jean you tell I . you be marry five time . bad Jesus Christ . four. she laugh and the room light up . he be completely charme . she look at she note . jean be you go to do another album with Tommy sweet ? bad two thing I do not want to talk about be multiple marriage and Tommy . jean ( vaise she eyebrow ) okay .. what 's you real name ? bad not for publication . I be not bear bad blake , but when I die my stone will have my real name on it . jean that 's a long time to wait for people to find out . bad ( smile ) maybe , maybe not . bad look to he watch . Jean look through she note . jean do you have any child ? bad just look at she . seem like a eternity . bad Hell , I get to get ready , darlin' . jean can you give I just another half hour after the show ? bad let 's see how it go . bad walk Jean to the door . he 's all smile . 26 27 pink revision 12/7/2009 19 int . evangelo' bar - santa fe - night 26 the house be sparse and quiet . Jean keep edging up to the tiny bandstand to flash a strobe light in he face . uncle wesley on the piano really fill the room . in the middle of " fallin ' and flyin " , bad step back , nod to wesley and let he go . wesley do not hesitate . the sound be crisp and sure . when they come back to the chorus , the song take off , soar as if it be something bad have not hear in year . int . evangelo' bar - santa fe - later 27 at the break , a blonde woman in a low - cut blue dress approach bad . this be ann . Jean talk to she uncle wesley near the bar . ann you be wonderful . you have not lose anything . bad why , thank you . ann you may be even better than you be back then . I be Ann . bad hi , Ann . ann I have love country music all of my life . I even know the B side of you album . bad better than I . ann here , I bring you a Jack Daniels . you favorite . bad reach for the j.d . Ann shake she head to toss she blond hair back . Jean have move to she table to write something in a thin notebook . ann ( cont 'd ) if you be not do anything after the show , we could have a late dinner , or just a cup of coffee . bad I would , but I have promise a interview to a reporter . ( continued ) 27 28 29 pink revision 12/7/2009 20 ( cont 'd ) 27 ann that 's all right . I know you be in town for another night . bad another time would be just fine . thanks for the drink . bad give Ann a kiss on the forehead . in return , she squeeze he forearm so hard she nail dig into the flesh through he shirt . ann could you play ' what Love can do ' for I ? other fan move in for autograph and handshake . int . evangelo' bar - santa fe - later 28 the size of the audience do not suit a encore . however : bad thank you , Santa Fe . be here one more night . this be ' what Love can do ' , for Ann . healthy applause as Ann beam . bad and the boy dig in . int . evangelo' bar - santa fe - later 29 bad 's pack up . Jean approach . jean be you busy now ? she give he a smile he can not quite read . jean ( cont 'd ) it look like you be go to be busy . bad no . I say I would answer some more of you question , and I will . bad grab he guitar and amplifier . jean I can carry you amp . bad okay . just do not drop it . 30 pink revision 12/7/2009 20 a int . land of enchantment motel - later 30 bad move over to the bed , pull off he boot , unbutton he shirt , and lean back against the headboard . he reach for the whisky . ( continued ) 30 ( cont 'd ) pink revision 12/7/2009 21 30 bad drink ? jean ( hesitates ) a short one . it 's get late . he cough a shallow cough , that get deeper , finally double he over . he light a pall mall . jean ( cont 'd ) how many of that do you smoke a day ? bad do not respond . bad what else do you want to know ? jean record . what 's you favorite ? bad I would have to say " fallin and flyin ' " . make I a hell of a lot of money . turned my whole life around . jean do you get tired of sing it ? bad when I sing it twice , three time a night . but it 's be too good to I . can not turn my back on it . jean in today 's artificial world of country music , who 's real country ? bad think about this . bad haggard 's real country . billie Joe shaver . Loretta Lynn . jean be Tommy sweet real country ? he give she the " I say I do not want to talk about he " look . then .. bad Hell .. more than he will admit to . I teach he country . he try to cover it up , compete with keith urban and they , but yes , Tommy 's real country . ( continued ) 30 ( cont 'd ) bad look pink revision 12/7/2009 ( 2 ) jean how do you meet he ? bad look , darlin ' , I do not want to be cantankerous , but I do not want to talk about he . jean okay . anything you would like to talk about ? at she then around the room . bad you have any idea how bad you make this room look ? I never even notice what a dump it be ' till you come in . she blushes again and look away . Jean give he a look and nervously pick up she bad ( cont 'd ) and I have not see anyone blush since I do not know when . jean I can not help it . my capillary be close to the skin . bad where be you from , anyway ? jean enid , Oklahoma . bad of course you be . ( take a drink ) tell I the most important thing about you , Oklahoma . jean I have a son , buddy . he 's four . he 's with a baby sitter and I have get to go rescue he . ( get up ) you turn that woman in the bar down . I be sorry . I really be . I do not mean to spoil anything . bad you be spoilin ' I , right now , darlin’ . 22 30 recorder . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 22k 30 ( cont 'd ) ( 3 ) 30 jean thank you for talk with I . ( continued ) 30 31 32 pink revision 12/7/2009 23 ( cont 'd ) ( 4 ) 30 bad do you get what you need ? jean could always use more . bad come to tomorrow night 's show . we can continue after that if you be up for it . and if you be not , then here , let I give you my address . send I a copy of the article . I be curious about how you write . she give he a look as he write he address in she notebook . he hand it back to she and lean toward she . she lean away . it 's a near miss that leave she breathless . Jean look at bad for a long beat . jean I will be there . she smile and exit quickly . bad stare at the door then pull out a business card . ann from the bar . he look to the clock : 3:45 a.m. and put the card back in he pocket . int . land of enchantment motel — next morning 31 bad 's crash out . the phone ring . he roll over and look at the clock . it 's eleven . he reach for a pall mall and the phone . jack bad ? I have get great news and I have bust my ass for this . write it down . cancel benson , Arizona , on you itinerary . you be into Phoenix , Arizona 's Sun pavillion , eight o'clock sharp . bad fumble for pen and paper . intercut : int . office - los angele - morning 32 Jack , seat behind he desk , stare out at the city 's smoggy horizon . jack ( cont 'd ) well ? bad well , what ? ( continued ) 32 ( cont 'd ) pink revision jack for Christ 's sake . I just call to tell you you be out of the Red bison Lounge in benson , Arizona , and into a pavillion . bad a pavillion ? jack a goddamn pavillion , bad . a outdoor arena . you be open a major show in Phoenix . bad open ? I do not open . jack cut the crap . twelve thousand seat , bad . where else be you go to play in front of that many people ? bad open for who ? jack this be the best part ... Tommy sweet . bad no , way . no , sir jack bad . think about this . you want to do another album with Tommy . this be a step in the right direction . bad do not respond . jack ( cont 'd ) open for he , get together , talk with he . I have not be able to convince he , but I get he to agree to this . bad damn it , Jack . I will not do it . I will open for someone else , but not Tommy . jack who be you go to open for ? Willie Nelson , the Stones ? how about madonna ? should I try madonna ? 12/7/2009 24 32 * ( continued ) 32 33 pink revision 12/7/2009 25 ( cont 'd ) ( 2 ) 32 bad the dream of every sideman be that someday the front man whose ass he 's be stare at for year , be go to open for he . I do not owe that dream to Tommy sweet . I do not owe he one fuck thing . jack you and I both know that Tommy owe you . well , he 's make a payment here . twelve thousand seat , bad . you and I both know exactly how much it 's worth . finally : bad you cocksucke son-of -a-bitch . jack you will do it ? another long beat . bad let I think about it . jack no . tell I now ... yes or no , bad ... bad ? yes or no ? Long pause . bad look in the mirror . he be not get any young . bad yes , damn it ... yes . jack excellent . you will have a kick ass back up band ... oh , and bad , do not mess this up . bad one question : will I get to go backstage and meet Tommy in person and everything ? jack Real funny . gotta go , bad . phone line go dead . ext . street of santa fe — afternoon 33 bad walk through the middle of town . the street of Santa Fe be narrow and line with Art Galleries . ( continued ) 33 33 34 pink revision 12/7/2009 26 ( cont 'd ) 33 out on the sidewalk , Indians display they jewelry , basket and trinket on blanket . ext . ST . francis cathedral - sunset 33 a bad look up at the romanesque revival architecture as the sun bathes its round arch and corinthian column in a warm glow . the Cathedral dramatically contrast to the surround adobe structure . int . evangelo' bar - santa fe - night 34 the Friday night house be nearly full . bad and the same local band , the sureshot , stir in the back hallway just before showtime . uncle wesley , the piano player , lean into bad . wesley barne I want to thank you for help Jean out . she 's a real nice girl . I mean , she 's not a girl anymore , but she 's real nice . bad she be real nice . you be right to be proud of she . wesley barne she have not have a easy time of it . her divorce , the boy , and all . but she 's solid as a rock . I think the world of she . bad ( smile ) I be start to . wesley give he a big smile , like he have just get something settle , something that be gnaw at he . bad ( cont 'd ) and thank you for play with I . you be real fine . better than a lot of professional I have play with . it 's the most fun I have have in year . bad pat wesley 's shoulder . wesley grin from ear to ear . bad ( cont 'd ) just keep have fun . at that , they head out onto the stage . the bar ring with applause . ( continued ) eh of * 34 35 pink revision 12/7/2009 26a ( cont 'd ) 34 bad thank you , Santa fe. my God , what a beautiful place you get here . just real special . dissolve to : 35 int . evangelo' bar - later near the end of the set a sweaty bad scan the bar . Jean 's nowhere in sight . ( continued ) 35 35 pink revision 12/7/2009 27 ( cont 'd ) 35 for the next 15 second , bad and he boy finish " somebody else " to a large round of applause . int . evangelo' bar -— continuous 35 a a woman in tight jeans bring a Beer to the stage for he . bad ( cont 'd ) darlin ' , that 's real sweet , but I just can not drink that beer . I get to protect this fine figure I have work so hard for . laugh from the bar . bad ( cont 'd ) what do you all think of the sureshot ? the audience break into applause . bad ( cont 'd ) be not they a fine bunch ? I think so much of they . bad have not have this much fun in year . he turn to the band . bad ( cont 'd ) okay , boy . let 's lose the playlist . ( to the audience ) what do y'all want to hear ? a cowboy shout to the boy . cowboy I do not know . bad if you do not know , then I can not play it . the cowboy grin and clap . the audience laugh . bad ( cont 'd ) okay , boy , let 's really wing it . ' I do not know ' , tejano style . the drummer give he the tempo . he count the beat back to the drummer , sped up by half . in the break , he and wesley just start to cut . wesley keep push bad , find new phrasing of the melody that demand answer . they really have a ball . the crowd love it . a lovely older woman approach the stage and offer she hand for a dance . ( continued ) 35 pink revision 12/7/2009 27 a ( cont 'd ) 35 a bad step down , take the hand of the woman and they do a quick , nearly graceful shuffle with lot of spin as the tempo of the song increase . bad kiss she on the cheek . ( continued ) 35 36 37 pink revision 12/7/2009 28 ( cont 'd ) ( 2 ) 35 a people stand and clap . bad bow to he dance partner , he face burn from exertion . bad ( cont 'd ) thank you , good night , and God love you all . still no sign of Jean . ext . evangelo' bar - side STREET - later 36 * bad sit in he suburban smoking , lighting they off the * butt . the bar be close and the street be empty . he turn * the ignition to illuminate he suburban 's clock : 12:49 be . * finally , Jean 's car pull in behind he . Jean run over to * bad 's truck . * jean I be sorry . I be wait on the sitter for my son . you know how hard it be to find a sitter at one o'clock ? bad I get off work at one o'clock . I know how hard it be to find everything at one o'clock . I be just glad you find I . ( a look ) who 's watch you boy ? jean a friend . she just get there . bad want a drink ? she think about it . jean yeah . guess I could use one . int . land of enchantment motel - later 37 * bad pour a second drink for Jean . she point to she tape recorder as it rest on the table between they . bad Jesus , more question . jean just a couple . bad sigh and settles into the sofa . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 28a 37 ( cont 'd ) 37 jean ( cont 'd ) be you religious ? ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 29 37 ( cont 'd ) ( 2 ) 37 bad I believe there 's a God . if that 's religious , I be that . she shake she head . see he 's not give much . jean where do you song come from ? bad take a drag off he pall mall . bad out of live , unfortunately . jean like ' lonesome Night ' . bad that be suzi , my fourth wife . the one that run off . she be twenty - three and I be forty - six . she start out think I be something pretty wonderful - a genuine star . then she figure out that all she have be a break - down singer and picker who be not ever go to take she to Hollywood . Jean smile . not more , but fully . jean I have be to Hollywood . I could not get out fast enough . bad ( snort ) neither could suzi . with a drink in one hand , burn cigarette in the other , bad move toward she . she meet he halfway . bad for some reason I can not explain , I feel oblige to apologize for this ugly room and for be less than you probably imagine I to be . he lean slowly , not know if she will pull away . somehow , in all the year , this have never stop be awkward . they kiss . jean be this the famous country charm ? bad I have never be famous for charm . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 29 k 37 ( cont 'd ) ( 3 ) 37 jean it 's not too late to start . ( continued ) 37 38 pink revision 12/7/2009 30 ( cont 'd ) ( 4 ) 37 bad kiss she again . they move over to the bed . after the urgency of snap and buckle , hook and zipper , come the urgency of unfamiliar skin and contour . Jean unsnap he shirt and work it over he arm , tug down he pants only to realize he be still wear he boot . bad let I . bad get one boot off , but struggle mightily with the other . Jean gracefully tug at the boot and it come off . after the initial rush of passion , they slow and luxuriate , then grow shy . he smell she hair . bad ( cont 'd ) you be a fresh bunch of rose , girl . jean hush . int . land of enchantment motel —- next morning 38 bad be sound asleep . Jean be lie across from he , wide awake . her face be a reflect pool of the jumble thought run through she mind ; tenderness , hope , what the hell be I do ? bad open he eye and catch that look . jean no one can say Jean craddock do not throw herself into she work . bad nobody 's do anything they need to feel bad about . we be okay . jean you sure ? bad come here .. as she move toward he , he grab the glass beside the bed that still have a splash of whiskey in it , take a sip , sit the glass on he stomach and draw she closer . she rest she head on he chest and look at the glass . bad ( cont 'd ) I get something else you can use in you article . jean let I get my recorder . ( continued ) 38 ( cont 'd ) pink revision 12/7/2009 31 38 bad ( laugh ) I be open for Tommy sweet in Phoenix in a couple of day . bad blake be back in the Big time . she hear the sarcasm and look up at he . jean that 's great . right ? bad that 's what my agent say . jean if it 's not great , what be it ? bad I do not know . I teach the boy how to sing , play , get he tooth fix , get he a deal .. and now he do not even return my phone call half the time . jean but you do a album together . bad Hell of a album . platinum . ' course he cashed most of the check .. but it 's not that .. jean you just want he to call you back . bad yeah . on the other hand , maybe I teach he too well .. ( beat ) anyway , big day in Phoenix . jean I do not know what to say . good luck , I guess . bad say you will come with I . sure would take the sting out of it . jean ( pull back / stare ) you be kid .. bad this be my serious look ... what do you say ? ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 31 a 38 ( cont 'd ) ( 2 ) 38 jean let 's talk about this later . ( continued ) 38 39 40 pink revision 12/7/2009 32 ( cont 'd ) ( 3 ) 38 bad okay .. then how bout I come over and make you boy some world - famous bad blake biscuit before I go then ? Jean see that he mean it and lean in and kiss he softly on the cheek . the glass start to tip over but he catch it . int . jean be house - morning 39 Jean sit at the kitchen table eat a big fluffy biscuit and look intently at bad , hold he finger up for goal post . buddy , Jean 's young son , be try to hold a paper triangle with the tip of he finger so he can flick it with he other hand through the finger post . bad ease it back a little . that 's it . wait wait wait , most important part .. buddy look up at bad . Jean look at bad . bad ( cont 'd ) bite the biscuit . buddy pick up a piece of butter biscuit and cram it into he mouth . Jean snicker . bad ( cont 'd ) feel that butter and flour coursing through you ? be it give you a power that you do not know you have ? ( off buddy 's wide eye ) be you shirt get tight with muscle ? Whole world have be tame by man who eat biscuit . now ! with crumb fall from he lip , buddy flick the triangle . it sail high over bad 's head and out of sight ! bad ( cont 'd ) score !! buddy raise he arm in triumph . Jean grin and do too . bad ( cont 'd ) and that son , be how we get it do in Texas . bad swirl the whiskey in the glass beside he plate and empty it . Jean see it but try to wish it away . ext . jean' driveway - day 40 Jean and bad stand beside the van . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 32 a 40 ( cont 'd ) 40 bad that 's a real nice boy you get . ( continued ) 40 41 42 pink revision 12/7/2009 33 ( cont 'd ) ( 2 ) 40 jean thank you . he 's not around man much . I worry about that sometimes . bad what about he daddy ? Jean look away and shake she head . jean I have make a lot of mistake . I be just try not to make they twice . a strange look pass across bad 's face like a dark cloud . she see it . buddy buzze by they with a biscuit in he hand . bad good boy . good mom . jean good biscuit . he lean in and kiss she . she taste the whiskey on he lip , pull back , and look into he . ext . driveway —- later 41 * Jean stand in the driveway , watch the suburban slip away * down the street . she be in trouble and know it . jean God ? this be Jean . please do not let he call I . int . suburban — day 42 * bad 's fifty mile out of Phoenix . he 's look over at a ' 69 pontiac gto that he 's be follow for four or five mile . two people in the front seat , a man and a woman , nuzzle . suddenly , she head disappear . bad push down the accelerator . he look over , but can only see the man . bad signal and pull into the right lane , where he can get a better look . he 's now a car length ahead of the pontiac and sing along on the radio . the station play merle haggard 's " hold on you " . * he have a better view now , but he can not tell if he 's watch sex or nausea . the dj announce they have be listen to " merle haggard 's ' hold on you ' write by " the late Mr. bad * blake , one of the great one . " the woman sit upright and the car pass bad 's suburban . the * driver give bad the 0.k. sign , finger to thumb . 43 44 45 pink revision 12/7/2009 34 omitted 43 int . suburban — phoenix - next morning 44 bad pull he suburban through the open gate of the SUN pavillion . he stop to read the marquee : August 29 / tommy sweet / special Guest : bad blake . bad not bad for a dead man . bad ease he suburban over to several tractor trailer and two sleekly design motor coach , the bus of the star . int . SUN pavillion - moment later 45 bad follow ralphie , a little man in jeans and a red satin jacket , through the labyrinthine bowel of the coliseum . ralphie 's wear a wireless headset . he move at a swift pace . ralphie damn good to meet you , Mr. blake . I 'ma big fan ... Big show tonight . ralphie turn and stick a cloth patch to the leg of bad 's jeans . it read : Tommy sweet , lovin ' you . they climb up ten wooden stair , onto the stage . roadies in undershirt be busy taping wire to the stage . ( continued ) 45 pink revision 12/7/2009 35 ( cont 'd ) 45 at both end of the stage , amp be stack ten high - fender and marshall . at the back of the stage be a Rogers drum kit and at the far end be a baldwin grand piano . all around the stage be stack blue anvil crate on caster . stencile on the side : Tommy sweet . it 's a real country - star production . bad look out across the arena . there be two tier of seat , which run in a horseshoe from the stage to about a hundred yard back . a huge , fat man in a sleeveless cowboy shirt move across the stage toward they . this be bear , the stage manager . ralphie ( cont 'd ) bear , this be bad blake . bear how you doin ' man ? what 's you equipment like ? bad fender pro. bear that 's it ? a fender pro ? bad that 's it , pal . bear well , we will run you through this amp . you get a preference ? Marshall ? bad I like my fender . bear well , that 's no sweat , either . I will mike it through the PA . where 's you stuff ? bad " 78 suburban . out back . they head down the stair . ralphie you go on at eight sharp . you get forty - five minute . stay on that . you can not run over more than three minute . Tommy 's on at nine - fifteen , off at eleven . we be tear down by one-thirty . there will be a party at Tommy 's hotel around two or so . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 35 a 45 ( cont 'd ) ( 2 ) a5 bad be he at the holiday Inn , too ? ( continued ) 45 46 47 pink revision 12/7/2009 36 ( cont 'd ) ( 3 ) 45 ralphie turn around and smile . ralphie the ritz . int . SUN pavillion - dressing room - same 46 ralphie lead bad into a room that look like a bus station john , white tile floor and wall . four man sit on fold chair , eat and drink . ralphie " bum steer " , you backup . the band all stand to greet bad . bad this be the big-time , boy . bad look over to a shelf with cold cut , cheese , and bread , can of beer , bottle of wine , soft drink , glass and ice . a case of jack daniel be sit with a note : " save some for I . Tommy . " bad smile . ext . SUN pavillion - stage - soundcheck —- later 47 bad and the bum steer begin the intro to " fallin and flyin . " bad stop play , wave off the band and step to the microphone . bad bear , I need kick , snare , and tone down the guitar . they will drow out my lyric . bear ( o.s leave ) mix be good . bad set it the way I tell you , and leave it . bear you mix be fine . trust I . bad bear . I be a old man . I get grumpy . humor I . bad turn to he lead guitarist : bad ( cont 'd ) the sound man 's job be to fuck up the open act . make the headliner sound that much better . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 36 a 47 ( cont 'd ) 47 bear you have get another half hour . ( continued ) 47 48 pink revision 12/7/2009 37 ( cont 'd ) ( 2 ) at bad we be go to be on this stage until the mix be where I want it . give I my mix or we may rehearse right through Tommy 's first set . the band start another number . int . lucky' steakhouse - later 48 bad sit at a table in the back corner . a commotion cause he to look up from he menu . tommy sweet , handsome , mid - thirty , and look every bit the country - star that he be , pose for a picture with ador fan . Tommy kiss a older woman on the cheek and then approach bad 's table . tommy Heard you might be over here . bad ( smile ) you son-of -a-bitch . tommy I always admire that in you , bad . how the hell be you ? bad worse . tommy that 's about right , I reckon . Tommy , hold a fancy bottle of water , plop down in a chair across from bad . he rest he foot on another chair . his boot be make of thin strip of leather , sewn together so they form a series of V 's point down the toe . Tommy 's jeans be adorn with hole and age to perfection and he wear a vintage johnny Cash T-shirt . on he right hand he have a diamond ring in the shape of TEXAS . bad point to Tommy 's bottle of smart water . bad give up on Southern Comfort ? tommy still drink it onstage . it 's good for the throat . bad so they tell I . damn stuff be always too sweet for I . ( continued ) 48 49 pink revision 12/7/2009 38 ( cont 'd ) 48 tommy Hell , I do not like it either , but when you be one of bad 's boy , you get to be able to put away the whiskey . Tommy slap bad on the shoulder and look at he with admiration . int . lucky' steakhouse - later 49 Tommy and bad hover over a couple of porterhouse steak . patron still stare at Tommy . a young guy of about twenty - one shyly cross over to they table with a pen and paper . young guy hate to bother you , Tommy , but I sure would like to have you autograph . you be my favorite . I have get all of you record . the young guy barely throw a glance at bad . Tommy put down he fork and knife , reach for the pen and paper and look to bad . tommy ( nod to bad ) his be the autograph you need . bad blake . taught I everything I know . the young guy look at bad without a hint of recognition . bad look at he plate . Tommy sign he signature and hand it over to bad . bad wave he off . young guy I will be at you show tonight , and May even try to make San Diego . tommy appreciate you support . the young guy stroll off , beam . tommy ( cont 'd ) I be think about we tour together . that be good time be not they ? bad nod , take a long drink and another bite of steak . tommy ( cont 'd ) it 's good to see you again . I be really glad you agree to do this . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 38a 49 ( cont 'd ) 49 bad I need the money . if it be not this I would be play a saloon in benson , Arizona . ( continued ) 49 50 pink revision 12/7/2009 39 ( cont 'd ) ( 2 ) 49 Tommy laugh . he 's really enjoy he time with bad . tommy remember that time we break down in the middle of west Texas ? Sat there all goddamn day wait on the wrecker . must of be a hundred and ten out there . bad nod and look to Tommy 's ring . bad be that why you wear the ring ? tommy you ever try to buy a diamond ring in the shape of Kansas ? bad laugh congenially as they ease back into they friendship . ext . lucky' steakhouse - phoenix - late afternoon 50 Tommy and bad exit the restaurant and walk toward the parking lot . bad how 's the tour go ? tommy a grind . fifty date in two month . how about yours ? bad I be out for a month . six state . tommy pickup band ? bad yeah . tommy that 's a ball buster . Hell , we should have get together earlier . done this whole tour . bad we try that once . Tommy look off into the distance . tommy just too many thing go on . that damn movie shoot down in Mexico and Jill be on my ass all the time . it would have be a hell of a tour . ( continued ) 50 pink revision 12/7/2009 40 ( cont 'd ) 50 bad yeah . a hell of a tour . tommy oh , come on , bad . I be sorry . it just do not work out . I be try to keep my marriage together . do not hold that against I . bad I get a career , too . and a marriage or two I want to keep together . tommy I know . bad and Tommy make they way to Tommy 's shiny black escalade . it 's park next to bad 's road weary suburban . Tommy 's driver exit the escalade and open Tommy 's door . Tommy discreetly wave he off . the driver move to the back of the vehicle . Tommy smile and point to bad 's suburban . tommy glad to see you still get old bessie . bad run like a top . a beat . then : tommy you give I my start , bad . do not think I do not remember that . you teach I most of what I know that 's worth know . but I have a life to live , too . Tommy sit on he truck 's hood . resting a boot on the bumper . bad yeah . well , that be the ugliest boot I ever see in my life . salesman threaten to shoot you dog ? Tommy laugh at this . bad ( cont 'd ) so why the hell will not you do another album with I ? tommy hold up . I never say I would not . c.m.i. do not think it 's the right thing to do . ( continued ) + fh of oe pink revision 12/7/2009 40 a 50 ( cont 'd ) ( 2 ) °° bad I think it be . tommy you may be right , but they want a couple of more solos , then we can do a duet . you get first shot . I already tell they . bad I do not have a lot more time , Tommy . I need some money now . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 41 50 ( cont 'd ) ( 3 ) °° tommy even if I front the album , they will not release it . you will not make any money with it sit in a vault . bad Hell , Tommy . I be fifty - seven year old . my career be not go anywhere . I need something to get it move again . bad light a pall mall . bad ( cont 'd ) I can not get a solo album . I need this . I really do . tommy I swear I can not get they to budge on this one ... but there be a way you can make money , though . bad which be ? tommy song . I do not have any new material , and the stuff I be hearing be crap . you give I five song and I will give you backend . I move two million album every time I release one . bad I have not write a new song in three year . tommy bullshit . you write some of the best material around , and I want some of it . bad I use to . not anymore . tommy I tell you what . you get I new song , I guarantee we will release one as a single . bad I be not a songwriter anymore . I have not be in year . Tommy sigh as bad get into he suburban . ( continued ) 50 51 pink revision 12/7/2009 42 ( cont 'd ) ( 4 ) 50 tommy do it , bad . you have get a couple of month . bad we can do a album , but I can not write you any song . bad look at Tommy for a beat and pull off . * int. / ext . SUN pavillion - later 51 * * ralphie lead bad and the bum steer through the belly of the pavillion . * ralphie oh , bad . Mr. greene have send you five box of product to sell here at the show . bad sell ? what the hell be you talk about ? ralphie he 's send five hundred unit of " memories " for you to sell . bad I sing . I play . I do not sell my goddamn record at a concert . you tell he to get he ass to Phoenix * and pick up he goddamn CD be . ralphie I be just deliver the message . Tommy say you can put they up with he concessionaire ... Mr. greene say you get to keep all proceed . they make the final turn toward the stage and can see that * the pavillion be nearly full . the noise of the crowd be like * a low grind . the house light go down . the crowd respond favorably . bad look up to a spotlight that 's train on the stage . nick , the bass player , say to no one in particular : nick Holy shit . bad just breathe , amigo . you be fine . bad inhale hard and hold it . ( continued ) 51 51 pink revision 12/7/2009 43 ( cont 'd ) 51 ralphie ninety second . six step , remember that . the noise roll over the band . ralphie ( cont 'd ) go. the band move up the step to the stage . over the PA : PA lady and gentleman , ' the wrangler of Love ' , Mr. bad blake . bad look out into the pavillion : twelve thousand fan , stand room only . the boy make they way to they micu . dissolve to : ext . SUN pavillion - stage - later 51 a bad remove he hat and rub the sleeve of he shirt across he sweaty forehead . bad thank you , Phoenix , Arizona . it 's be real good be here tonight . of course , at my age , it 's good to be anywhere . applause and a little laughter . bad ( cont 'd ) hope to see you again real soon ... this be a song I have a hit on a long time ago . it 's call " fallin ' and flyin ' . " the band be steady and dependable . they begin a very solid version of " fallin ' and flyin ' . " bad I be goin ' where I should not go seein ' who I should not see doin ' what I should not do bein ' who I should not be the crowd begin to stomp and cheer . bad look to he bass player as though he 's really strike a chord . from the corner of he eye , bad can see someone move up toward he . ( continued ) * ee 51 a pink revision 12/7/2009 43k ( cont 'd ) 51 a bad a little voice say it 's all wrong another voice say it 's all right I use to thing that I be strong but lately I just lose the fight as bad move into the chorus , tommy sweet be up to the microphone with he , sing harmony . ( continued ) oe oo * 51 52 53 pink revision 12/7/2009 44 ( cont 'd ) ( 2 ) 51 a bad / tommy sometimes fallin ' feel like flyin ' for a little while sometimes fallin ' feel like flyin ' for a little while at the next verse , bad step back and offer the stage to Tommy . tommy I get tired of be good start miss that old feel free stop act like I think I should go on back to be I Tommy give bad a grin and a nod , and bad rejoin he at the microphone . they harmonize the last chorus and bring the house down . bad / tommy sometimes fallin ' feel like flyin ' for a little while sometimes fallin ' feel like flyin ' for a little while Tommy point to bad . tommy this be the man who teach I to sing that and just about everything else . I guess he can still teach , huh ? the crowd begin to cheer and Tommy step back and wait , careful not to step on any of bad 's applause . Tommy walk offstage to a response that even catch bad by surprise . it 's utterly overwhelming fandom . int . SUN pavillion - later 52 as bad and the bum steer walk off stage , ralphie grab bad . ralphie Tommy would like you to join he in he set for ' please release I ' and ' memories ' . I will cue you . bad I get record to sell . ext . SUN pavillion —- concession 53 bad sign copy of he CD 's and poster . people pat he back and shake he hand . ( continued ) oo ho oo ooo * 53 pink revision 12/7/2009 44h ( cont 'd ) 53 customer be Tommy go to come up and sign they , too ? bad no , I do not think Tommy 's come up . the crowd react again to the houselight go down . people in line for bad hurry to they seat . ( continued ) 53 53 54 pink revision 12/7/2009 45 ( cont 'd ) ( 2 ) 53 Tommy 's band start up with the intro to one of Tommy 's hit song , '' go , go , go . " the sound be crisp : piano , horn , string . all tight and methodical . there 's no introduction . bad hear the crowd go absolutely nut . he move to the stage area . ext . stage —- same 53 a Tommy , now dress in a custom , western - rock shirt , and adorn in edgy jewelry , join the band in " go , go , go . " it 's as smooth as a baby 's butt . int . SUN pavillion —- dressing room - later 54 bad have move over to Tommy 's dress room . it 's pack . bad find Tommy over in the corner , change he shirt . bad see you be still a part of the " no hat tour . " tommy you be piss because I cut in on you set . bad I be not piss at all . thanks . tommy you be welcome in mine . I would have appreciate it . bad I figure you have it cover . tommy why be you busting my ass , bad ? what the hell do you want from I ? bad a album . nothing more . tommy I tell you , I can not do a thing about it . it 's up to C.M.I . bad then I do not want anything . except to say thanks and good night . tommy I be try to be friend here . tomorrow 's a rest day . get off you high horse and stick around and have some fun . ( continued ) 54 pink revision 12/7/2009 45 a ( cont 'd ) 54 bad I get a lady to see in Santa Fe . you take care of yourself , Tommy . bad offer he hand and Tommy take it . they shake warmly . ( continued ) 54 55 56 pink revision 12/7/2009 46 ( cont 'd ) ( 2 ) 54 tommy you too , bad . I will be in touch on the album . bad start to work he way through the jam of people . people slap he on the back and say , " good show . " Tommy 's still behind , shirtless . tommy ( cont 'd ) bad . write I a couple of song . bad turn to Tommy . bad think you can walk through one without all that damn horn and string ? tommy I might manage . bad I will see what I can do . ext . new mexico highway - next day 55 bad stand in a phone booth deposit a handful of change . operator ( over phone ) what city ? bad Santa Fe , New Mexico . bad take down the number and dial . a small voice , buddy , answer . intercut : int . jean' house 56 buddy run throughout the house with the phone . buddy hello ? bad buddy ? it 's bad , you old biscuit maker . buddy hi! bad what be you do ? ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 46a 56 ( cont 'd ) 56 buddy watch Big Bird . ( continued ) 56 pink revision 12/7/2009 47 ( 2 ) 56 bad how be he ? buddy he talk to the policeman . bad that 's good . be you mom there ? the line go dead . eighteen - wheeler go blast by . bad put in more coin and dial Jean again . jean hello ? bad Jean ? it 's bad . ( pause ) hello ? jean hi. how be Phoenix ? bad oh , you know .. how be you ? jean where be you ? bad I do not know . out in it . jean why ?.. I mean , what be you do ? bad think about you . jean stop it . bad you think any about I ? jean I be finish the article . bad that 's not what I mean . jean I know . bad rearrange himself in the tiny phone booth . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 47ta 56 ( cont 'd ) ( 3 ) ° 6 bad listen . I have a couple of day before I have get to be back in Houston . ( more ) ( continued ) 56 57 58 59 pink revision 12/7/2009 48 ( cont 'd ) ( 4 ) 56 bad ( cont 'd ) I would like to stop off and see you . ( long pause ) Jean ? jean I be here . bad you be not make this easy , girl . you want I to stop by or not ? jean ( long pause ) yes ... bad hold on to the phone after Jean 's hang up . int . chevy suburban - later 57 bad cruise the lonely desert highway of New Mexico . the brush at the roadside grow coarse and dense . the truck start to knock as he climb in altitude . bad shit . bad wearily look out over the unforgive landscape . int . suburban —- new mexico highway —- late afternoon 58 bad cruise along the highway , just outside of Santa Fe . the fade sun illuminate the aspen of the sangre de cristo mountain . he start to nod off to sleep , then close he eye for a split second . bad hear the crunch of the tire on gravel and then a easy thump . he see grass and brush and a wire fence come at he in slow motion . bad move he foot to the brake and turn the wheel . the truck bounce across the scrub brush , through the wire fence . bad 's truck pull scrub brush as it head for a tree . he turn the wheel as hard as he can , but the impact send he across the wheel and into the windshield . int . suburban - moment later 59 bad 's head be cold and he hand hurt . he see he hat on the floor next to he in a pile of sheet music and a styrofoam hamburger box . around he , everything be wet and sticky . thing spin and he world implode . pink revision 12/7/2009 48h 60 int . suburban - later 60 out cold , bad lay against the steering wheel . a hand touch he shoulder . a older hispanic man lean into bad 's truck . ( continued ) 60 61 pink revision 12/7/2009 49 ( cont 'd ) 60 hispanic man you okay ? bad lean he head back against the top of the seat and slowly nod he head . the man open the door of the truck , hold onto bad 's shoulder with he other hand . hispanic man can you get out ? bad something 's wrong with my leg . hispanic man grab on to I . the man be much smaller than bad , grip bad hard and lift he from the seat . bad reach out , and put he arm around the man 's shoulder . they do a slow , intricate waltz out of the truck . the man carry bad to a pickup as it idle , its taillight flash red . int . santa fe hospital —- the next day 61 the vertical blind , the bed rail , and curtain slowly come into focus . a bandage be wrap around bad 's forehead and a plaster cast cover he leave ankle . bad where be I ? a nurse in she mid-forty stand over bad . nurse Mr. blake , you be in Santa Fe . you have a break ankle . you also have a concussion . bad wince in pain . bad can I leave ? nurse when you can leave be up to the doctor . bad today ? nurse probably not . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 49h 61 ( cont 'd ) 61 bad get I the doctor . 62 pink revision 12/7/2009 50 int . santa fe hospital - later 62 a kind look doctor in he late sixty sit on the edge of the bed . doctor the problem be not you ankle , Mr. blake . it will heal cleanly .. the problem be you general condition , or extreme lack of it ... bad look away to break the doctor 's stare . doctor ( cont 'd ) the kind of stuff we be talk about here - emphysema , heart failure , cancer , a extremely good chance of a stroke - be more debilite than quickly and cleanly fatal . they will kill you , there 's no mistake that , but they be go to do it slowly , painfully , and humiliatingly . you be go to end up helpless as a child , in all probability . bad still do not respond . the doctor now stand . doctor ( cont 'd ) Mr. blake , be you go to talk to I ? bad about what ? doctor look . I have other patient to see . the doctor head for the door . just as he 's about to exit , he turn back to bad . doctor ( cont 'd ) obviously , you do not want to hear this , and I understand it , but when I see a case like yours , I have to say something . you be a fifty - seven year old man who be rapidly start to wear out . you get no exercise , you clearly eat anything at all , and let 's not kid ourselves about this one : you be a alcoholic . I will take care of you leg and give you something for you cholesterol , but you have to stop smoking , stop drink , and lose twenty - five pound . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 50 a 62 ( cont 'd ) 62 the doctor and nurse leave . bad look to the patient in the bed next to he , who 's mouth be agape . ( continued ) 62 63 64 pink revision 12/7/2009 51 ( cont 'd ) ( 2 ) 62 bad I would give up cholesterol and salt , and kiss he ass for a drink . ext . santa fe hospital —- the next day 63 jean wheel bad out of the hospital in a wheelchair . she have that what the hell be I do look on she face . bad be dress in the clothes he be wear when he have the wreck . the leave leg of he jeans be slit up to the knee . he have he guitar and leave boot on he lap , be talk a blue streak , and feel no pain .. bad it will just be for a day or two . you do not need some old gimp hang around . and if I be half as good at be laid up as I think I be go to be , I would .. jean you need to hush now . seriously . bad what ? be I rambling ? must be they little blue pill . wonder if I could a get a prescription or two ? jean absolutely not . int . jean be house - bedroom - day 64 bad 's flat on he back in Jean 's bed . his foot be propped up on two pillow . on the table beside he be he cigarettes and a bottle of jack daniel be . he can hear Jean move through the house . on the television that sit at the foot of the bed , two woman talk . one fight back tear . bad hop to the other side of the room , where he guitar be propped against the chair , grab it and scoot back to the bed . for a bit , bad just play . he move from harmonic to melodic and back , respond to signal he 's not conscious of . it 's as though he finger have take charge and all he need to do , must do , be listen to what they be do . bad you heart 's on the loose you roll they seven with nothing to lose ... this be not the place ... for the weary kind ... Jean peak she head in . ( continued ) 64 ( cont 'd ) pink revision 12/7/2009 51 a 64 bad you call ... all you shot shootin eight ball ...at the corner truck stop somehow this do not feel like home anymore ... ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 52 64 ( cont 'd ) ( 2 ) 64 Jean light up . bad ( cont 'd ) you know that song ? jean I think so but I can not remember who do it . bad that 's the way it be . the good one be the one you be sure you have hear before . jean you write that ? bad yes , ma'am . just now . jean it 's so unfair . bad what ? jean some people would trade 10 year of they life to be able to do something like that . and it just pour out of you . ( turn to go ) I be go to get buddy . bad wait a minute . be you mad at I ? jean no . bad I can go to a hotel or .. jean you be a very dense person sometimes . I do not want you to go . bad then what 's wrong ? you be write bed ! g a song on my bed ! ( continued ) 64 65 66 66 pink revision 12/7/2009 53 64 ( cont 'd ) ( 3 ) bad so ? jean and now I will have to keep it for the rest of my life and every time I lay down I will hear that beautiful song . and you will be out there run around , not even remember a day that I can not forget . her tear flow . bad take a drink and hold out he hand . bad if I could walk , I would come to you . she come and plop down on the bed . he hold she hand helplessly then offer she a sip of whiskey . she take it . bad ( cont 'd ) in the hospital , I think about who to call , who I know that really give a damn about I . then I think , who do I really want to see ? I will not forget this day , darlin ' , I promise . he kiss she tear . ext . jean' house - porch - later bad sit on a porch swing talk on the phone to Jack greene . his leg propped up on a table . bad no , Jack , I be not drink . I just fall asleep . intercut : int . office - los angele Jack curl a small dumbbell as he talk on the phone . jack what be you do back in Santa Fe ? ext . jean be house - porch - continuous 66 Jean cross to a table with two cup of coffee and place they next to a half - empty glass of whiskey . she take it in and then sit next to bad . bad visit a friend . 65 66 a ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 53a 66 a ( cont 'd ) 66 a bad put he arm around she . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 54 66 a ( cont 'd ) ( 2 ) 66 a jack can you drive ? bad pretty soon . jack I want to get you back out there . bad Jack , if you find out you sister be turn five - dollar trick , you would over book she . jack remind I to put you in a couple of comedy club ... just so you know , I have a contract here , offer you seventy - five thousand dollar advance for a album to be record at a future date . plus another twenty thousand for first refusal rights to all song write or co - write by you over the next two year . bad Holy shit . jack ditto . this be now you best year in the last seven . and thank Tommy sweet for it . so ease up on he ... talk to you in Houston , and do not marry you friend ! bad I be not get marry . bad hang up . jean you want I to call he and tell he I be not about to marry you . bad you might have wait until I ask before you turn I down . Jean kiss he on he forehead . jean I be go to get buddy . I tell he he could draw on you cast . she look into he . ( continued ) 66 67 68 pink revision 12/7/2009 55 ( cont 'd ) ( 3 ) 66 a jean ( cont 'd ) I be go to sleep on the fold out . it would be too confusing for he . bad no , I will sleep on it . jean you need to be in a bed . ( off he protest ) it 's all right . I want to do it . will you do something for I ? bad name it . she glance at the glass of whiskey on the table . jean do not drink in front of he . bad stare into she for a moment then blink . bad no problem . she kiss he and enter the house . he look around , yawn , and empty the glass . ext . field — late day 67 bad lean on he crutch and stare up at ... a heater roaring FIRE into a huge orange and purple stripe baloon that be lift off ! Jean and buddy be on board . buddy be nearly beside himself with excitement . Jean be a lot less happy . buddy wave frantically at bad . bad snort and wave back just as frantically . Jean 's heart catch in she throat as they go higher and higher . as they lift away , bad lean back against the car , stare up at the bottom of the basket , reach into he jacket for a flask , and have a much need drink . his hand be shaking . he look down at Big Bird draw on he cast and have another drink . ext . field - later 68 bad watch as Jean and buddy climb down the step from the balloon . buddy run to he , talk so fast bad can not even understand he . Jean be glow clear through . jean you have to do it ! it 's another world up there ! ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 55 a 68 ( cont 'd ) 68 bad just grin at they . he know the feel . 69 pink revision 12/7/2009 56 ext . bishop' lodge restaurant - evening 69 the elegant restaurant be empty out . bad and Jean sit by a outdoor fireplace . bad 's Big Bird cast be up on a chair . there be two empty wine bottle on the table and a third be almost go . Jean be still glow and beautiful . jean I would have never go up in that thing on my own . thank you . buddy 's probably jabber about it in he sleep . bad pour the last of the wine . bad this whole domestic thing be pretty intense . be it always like that ? jean what do you mean ? you have be marry a bunch . bad yeah but , I do not wuh .. ( darken / look outside ) I have get a twenty - eight - year - old son , Jean . I have not see he since he be four . jean ( look / long beat ) where be he ? bad I do not know . his mom , marge , life in marfa , Texas . I do not know what he look like , what he 's do . I do not teach he how to ride he bike or drive a car . jean why not ? bad be not there ... even when I be there . Hell of a thing , be this old and not know anything about you own boy . jean I could not live if I lose buddy . for the first time , we see real emotion in bad 's face . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 56 a 69 ( cont 'd ) 69 bad that 's the damnedest part . you do live . 70 71 pink revision 12/7/2009 57 int . jean be house - night 70 Jean , still quite drunk from dinner , check on buddy , kiss he hair , and come out into the live room . the fold out couch be open . she look at it , look at she bedroom door which be half open . she cross to the door , peek in and see bad sit on the edge of the bed in he clothes , drink jd . she knock lightly . he put the glass down and look over . jean you need help get undress ? bad Hell , yeah . jean I do not believe you . bad be a lot more satisfy if you do . jean maybe we can get away by ourselves this weekend . bad what 's today ? jean Thursday . bad I can not make it ' till the weekend . she blow he a kiss and begin to back out . bad grab at she hungrily . bad bring Jean onto the bed and unbutton she blouse . they kiss passionately , drunkenly . just as bad try to lay Jean down she pull away . jean no ...no , not now . she kiss he hair and slide back on the bed . she can not escape he grasp . int . jean be house - bedroom - morning 71 bad wake up , grab he constitutional drink , swing he leg out of the bed , and the cast clunk heavily on the floor . that hurt . bad 's crutch lean against the wall , across the room . slowly , he stand , weight on he right leg . then he shift to he leave , but it 's too painful . ( continued ) 71 pink revision 12/7/2009 58 ( cont 'd ) 71 he get down and crawl across the floor . when he reach the dresser , he get the crutch to move to a wicker hamper where Jean 's drape he pants . he put he weight on the hamper . seem sturdy enough . he sit gingerly on the hamper and pull he jeans on he leave leg . as he try the other leg , the top of the hamper give in and bad fall in , ass first . bad ah , hell ! Jean run in , see the empty bed , look around and spot bad in the hamper . jean oh , my God ! he 's on the floor , he leave leg up , stick out of the break hamper , he right leg splay out and rest on top of a aralia palm in a ceramic pot . his pants be catch around he knee . jean ( cont 'd ) be you all right ? bad how the hell do I look ? jean you really want to know ? bad I be all right . get I up . jean give I a second .. bad help I up , damn it ! bad try to get out of the smashed hamper as Jean have a laugh fit . buddy walk in and go over to bad as bad try to wiggle he jeans up to he hip . buddy pull the palm plant off bad 's foot . buddy want biscuit ? Jean walk out , laugh she heart out . bad for such a sweet lady , you mother have a very deviant sense of humor . a flash from a camera light up the room .. pink revision 12/7/2009 72 int . jean be house - kitchen - later 59 72 buddy help mix the biscuit batter with bad . Jean hurry in and out of the kitchen . jean I have get to go down to the paper . I will drop buddy off at the day - care center and - bad why do not you just leave he here with I ? she stop and stare at he . Jean put jean you do not want to baby - sit . besides , buddy will want to see he friend at - buddy I want to stay here . bad there you go . we want to stay . jean and do what ? bad man stuff . buddy yeah . man stuff . some dish into the sink . she be obviously tear . jean with you ankle , it 's probably not best . bad aw , Mom .. bad hobble over beside she and nudge she . bad ( cont 'd ) please . be a good thing for all of we . we will be fine , I promise . she try to cover she concern as he kiss she lightly on the nose . pink revision 12/7/2009 59h 73 int . jean be house - kitchen - later 73 bad grab he crutch and move about pretty well . buddy 's right beside he . ( continued ) 73 74 75 76 pink revision 12/7/2009 60 ( cont 'd ) 73 bad you play card ? ( off buddy 's puzzle look ) then , maybe we ought to go out and see what kind of trouble we can get into . buddy Big trouble . ext . playground - day - later 74 swing , teeter - totter , and slide abound . bad push buddy in the swing . buddy 's all smile . bad 's enjoy himself , too . we get the sense he wish he would do more of this in he life . he 's surprised when he look down and see he hand shaking badly . he start to reach into he jacket for a drink then stop and try to tough it out . int . jean' house - day 75 Jean come in and anxiously call . nobody answer . it 's suddenly hard to breathe . as she start to search the house .. buddy and bad clamber through the door . they be both inexplicably dirty . bad it be fun , nobody die , do not ask . buddy obviously have a great time . as he run to Jean grin , bad slip into the bedroom and head straight for the bottle . his hand be shaking so badly he can hardly get the cap off . ext . HOTEL balcony - taos , new mexico — morning 76 a serene hotel in the wood with a magnificent view of pueblo peak . drink in hand , bad sit on a lounge chair in a white robe . he stare out at the golden-hue aspen . Jean step out onto the balcony . bad join I , darlin . Jean slip onto a lounge beside he . she glance at he half - empty whiskey glass . then , after a lengthy beat : bad ( hold up the glass ) I do not want you worry about this . I be real good at it . jean I do not say anything . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 60 a 16 ( cont 'd ) 76 bad you do not have to . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 61 16 ( cont 'd ) ( 2 ) 76 jean I be worried ... though , I be sure you have hear that before . bad set the glass down . then : bad jeannie , I can handle it . jean can you ? bad do not respond . Jean turn and look into he . jean I want this to work , bad . I do . I just do not know how it can if you continue like this . Day and night ... it 's like live with a rattlesnake .. bad Jesus . jean and I do not want buddy around it . that much I know . bad I hear you the first time . I will not drink around he ... and trust I , I have be do this a long time . it do not affect I like you might think . we get too good a thing for I to screw it up . Jean start to respond , but bad put he index finger up to she lip . bad it will be okay . bad grab she hand and squeeze . he then pull it up to he mouth and kiss it gingerly . all Jean can do be nod . bad look out over the vast expanse and decide to change gear . bad ( cont 'd ) I have logge over a thousand mile around this mountain but I do not think I have ever see they . another thing I miss .. jean you could find you son if you want to . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 61 a 16 ( cont 'd ) ( 3 ) 76 bad what would he say ? what would I say ? ( continued ) 76 77 pink revision 12/7/2009 62 ( cont 'd ) ( 4 ) 76 jean whatever it be , it would be better than nothing , would not it ? he look into she . bad what about you , what be you go to do ? jean about what ? bad about anything . jean write a book . bad about I ? jean you wish . I be go to write about what I know . bad I think I want to be in it then . jean we will see . bad I be gonna need to get to Houston then get back to work . jean I know . bad I be gonna miss the hell out of you and that boy . jean ( turn and look into he ) then we will miss the hell out of you . ext . jean be house - driveway - morning 77 bad 's suburban look better than it do , though trace of bondo still remain . buddy sit forlornly on the bumper as Jean put bad 's guitar into the back . bad muss buddy 's hair , as he 's have a hard time with this goodbye , too . buddy get up abruptly and run into the house . ( continued ) 17 pink revision 12/7/2009 63 ( cont 'd ) 77 bad ya will come to Houston , okay ? I be book there for the next four month . Night only , so I be off all day . we will - jean I take some time off for we trip so I do not know if I can get away now . bad try. I will take buddy down to NASA . he will love they rocket and thing . jean we will see . bad that mean no . jean no . it mean we will see . bad lot of thing to write about in Houston . me.. and other stuff . jean that 's more than a visit . bad running off the road be one of the best thing that 's ever happen to I . think about that . bad embrace Jean for a long beat . when they part , Jean put he old bag into the suburban and pull out a near empty bottle of jack daniel be . bad I do not want to hear it , darlin’ . she look into he and she eye fill . jean I lay awake at night ask myself why be it okay to care so deeply for you ... bad and ? she suddenly kiss he passionately and step back . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 63a 11 ( cont 'd ) ( 2 ) my jean and ... I just want you to know that I be not give you a hard time . ( more ) ( continued ) 17 78 719 80 81 82 pink revision 12/7/2009 64 ( cont 'd ) ( 3 ) 77 jean ( cont 'd ) it just freak I out , okay ?.. you be careful out there . she turn and walk into the house . int . suburban - houston , TEXAS - sunset 78 near Houston , the landscape flatten . downtown Houston be directly in front of he , all vertical light . the city be stun . ext . bad be house - houston - dusk 79 bad exit he suburban and approach he one -story , brick ranch house . the house have see better day , but look as though it be a source of neighborhood pride at one time . bad unlock the door . int . bad be house - live room - continuous 80 on the coffee table , there be stack of mail . advertise flier , a few letter , a couple of bill . one large brown envelope with the return address : IRS . ext . bad be house - back porch - night 81 a few star be faintly visible against the overcast and reflect light of the city . bad sit on the porch with a acoustic guitar . he begin work he way up and down the fretboard until a note open a door . he touch a melody he instantly like . it then come as easily to he as a old song recall after year . bad you body aches from play you guitar and sweatin ' out the hate ... the day and night all feel the same ... bad write the chord on a yellow pad . int . wayne's bar -— houston - day 82 bad hobble into this dark roadhouse . as he make he way to the back of the bar , we see a stage off in the corner . bad make he way past trash can wait to be emptied , and box of empty beer bottle . wayne kramer , stock glass , late sixty and all cowboy , greet bad . wayne Jesus , bad . you look like shit . bad I know . it 's all on account of the toilet I have to play in . ( continued ) oe oe * 82 ( cont 'd ) pink revision 12/7/2009 65 82 wayne Heard about the wreck . it 's a damn shame ... frame on the wall be a picture of bad . bad could have be worse . how 's business ? wayne since you have be on the road , it 's crap . bad you ever clean this place , you might figure out how to run this business . wayne I clean this place , I might find out that we be both break . how be the road ? bad do not get any short . it make come back here look good . Wayne take a bottle from the shelf and pour a drink for bad and himself . they sit at the bar . wayne something interesting must of happen . bad met a woman in Santa Fe . wayne do not come as a real surprise . bad a good one . a real good one . wayne Santa Fe 's a hell of a way from here . bad eight hundred and seventy - nine mile . wayne tough trip for a man who have to work Saturday night . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 65 a 82 ( cont 'd ) ( 2 ) 82 bad finish he whiskey . good to be in the company of a old friend . 83 84 pink revision 12/7/2009 66 int . bad be house - live room - day 83 bad sit on the sofa strumm he guitar . after a few chord , he begin to hum and write on he legal pad . bad the whiskey have be ... a thorn in you side that do not forgive the highway that call for you heart inside ... this be not no place for the weary kind this be not no place to lose you mind this be not no place to fall behind pick up you crazy heart and give it ... one more try bad play the melody as though it be a second skin . int . bad be house - live room - moment later 84 bad head for the phone . underneath the phone lie a stack of phone book . he pull out a tatter copy of the marfa , TEXAS , phone book . a book he 's refer to on many occasion . bad thumb through to a page he have dog-eare . his finger trace down the page and stop at a circle phone number . bad pick up the phone and dial . it ring several time , then : man hello ? bad yeah , hello . be this Steven reynold ? steven yes . who 's call ? bad well , actually , buddy , I be on a bit of a hunt trip here . I be try to find a Mary jo reynold from lima , Ohio , who live in Nashville , Tennessee , from nineteen eighty to eighty - five . be you related to she , by any chance ? a moment of silence . steven she be my mother . be ? bad 's breath become constrict . his body go cold . when he speak , he voice be between a croak and a whisper . ( continued ) 84 pink revision ( cont 'd ) steven ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , I can not hear you . who be this ? bad ( whisper ) you father . a long beat . steven who ? bad bad blake in Houston . I be you father . Long beat . steven I know . bad how be you ? steven what do you want ? bad I just want to .. I do not know I be shocked to hear you voice , I .. ( beat ) you say " be " . Mary jo 's dead ? steven two year ago in October . bad what happen ? steven everything . bad I be sorry to hear .. steven what do you want ? bad I want to see you , Steven . Long beat . steven I do not think so . 12/7/2009 67 84 ( continued ) 84 85 86 87 pink revision 12/7/2009 68 ( cont 'd ) ( 2 ) 84 bad well. ( beat ) will you think about it ? steven I probably will not be able to help it . bad look , just take down my number . steven it 's on my caller -i.d. bad okay . sleep on it , think about it . I really would like to talk . steven imagine that . bad hang up and stare out into space . hardest call he ever have to make . dissolve to : int . bad be house - bedroom - later 85 bad can not sleep . his beside clock read three - thirty . he sit up in bed , light off , with a bottle . he take a long pull and stare at the ceiling fan . sweat bead on he forehead . bad look out to a street lamp that illuminate he room . slowly he eye close . int . bad be house - bedroom - morning 86 the sun 's harsh ray penetrate he blind . bad 's crash out in bed . a nearly empty bottle of jack rest on he bedside table . the phone ring . bad , hang over , reach for the phone . bad hello ? intercut : int . jean be house - same 87 buddy sit on the floor with a jigsaw puzzle strewn about . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 68a 87 ( cont 'd ) 87 buddy I make the car go real fast . Real fast , then the jeep go around the corner and it go boom . buddy 's voice hit the center of he head like a fist . ( continued ) pink revision 87 ( cont 'd ) ( 2 ) bad ( struggle ) buddy , you get the car ? buddy I make they go faster than anybody and then they crash ! jean grab the phone from buddy . jean he 's try to say thank you . but you have get to stop send all this toy . he think you be Santa Claus now . bad roll over in bed . he look terrible . bad I just want he to know I be think of he , darlin' . you think about I ? bad try to sit up but think better of it . jean yes , I be . bad take a beat . bad I call he last night , jeannie , my boy . jean and ?! bad marge , he mom , be dead . jean I be so sorry . bad he do not want to talk to I . jean I be sorry . bad no , it 's .. I do not blame he , I .. ( nauseous ) Jean . . I do not feel too good , can I call you back ? I gotta .. 12/7/2009 69 87 bad drop the phone . when he foot hit the floor , he realize he knee can not carry he in a straight line . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 69 a 87 ( cont 'd ) ( 3 ) 87 he try to walk and bang into the dresser and then drop to the floor . ( continued ) 87 88 89 pink revision 12/7/2009 70 ( cont 'd ) ( 4 ) 87 he crawl into the bathroom on hand and knee . he hang onto the rim of the toilet . when he begin wretch , the cry start and he can not stop either of they . finally , bad fall to the bathroom floor . he 's out cold . still on the phone , Jean have hear it all . int . bad' bathroom - late afternoon 88 Wayne stand in the doorway . he turn on the light and look to bad , splay out on the floor by the toilet . wayne we be goin ' fishin' . bad lift he head . he look like death warm over . ext . lake conroe - houston - early evening 89 Wayne and bad be seat in Wayne 's boat near the bank . the moon be full and cast a beautiful glow across the lake . bad Hand I one more of that barley pop and I believe I will be settle for a while . bad open the beer and take a long swallow . bad ( cont 'd ) I hate to admit it , but this be a damn good idea . they drift at anchor , not worry about they line , drink and smoking . Long beat . bad ( cont 'd ) I just send what might be my best song ever to Tommy . wayne to record ? bad yep . it 's one of that you hate to give up . wayne why would you do it ? bad because he 's pay I awful good . he 's already in the studio recording it . stop off in L.A. ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 toa 89 ( cont 'd ) 89 wayne hope he do not butcher it . ( continued ) 89 90 pink revision 12/7/2009 71 ( 2 ) 89 bad he can not fuck it up . it 's that good . they both laugh , know it 's the truth . another beat . wayne so you boy do not want to talk to you ? bad no , and I can not blame he . I be wrong . I have no right to call he . wayne you be wrong twenty year ago . and you have be wrong since , because you do not call he . but you be not wrong when you do . he be wrong , not you . bad I go twenty year without try to find he , Wayne . he 's right . too little , too late . wayne this time you do it . you be late in do it , but you do it . it 's over and you have change it . so , do not give up now that you be on the right track . keep after he . bad he 's the only thing I get . at that , we begin a slow pullback from the boat . after a lengthy beat , Wayne softly hum and then begin to sing the Gospel hymn " wing of a dove . " the moon 's glow illuminate the lake as we fade out . int . jean be house - kitchen —- day 90 Jean stand on she back porch look out at the mountain . bad ( 0.8 . ) hello ? ( continued ) 90 91 pink revision 12/7/2009 72 ( cont 'd ) 90 jean you all right ? intercut : int . bad be house - kitchen - houston - continuous 91 bad move about the kitchen prepping he supper . spice strewn about the counter - top . bad ( surprised ) hey . yeah , I be fine . why ? jean you do not sound fine the other day . you sound like you be die a slow death . bad you hear that ? Hell , I be sorry . must have be something I eat . it 's clear that Jean do not buy this . over the phone we hear the fish pop and crackle in the skillet . jean I call to say that I have get four day off at the end of the month . and that we might come , but I be not sure it would be such a good idea . bad Hell , it 's a great idea . why would you say that ? Jean do not initially respond . then : jean be you sure you be okay , bad ? I be very worried about you . bad do not you waste a minute of you time worry about I . there 's nothing wrong that a little visit would not cure . how 's ol ' buddy boy ? jean Fine . bad so you be really come ? a beat as she unconsciously twirl she hair . then : ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 72 a 91 ( cont 'd ) 91 jean if you want we to . ( continued ) 91 91 pink revision 12/7/2009 73 ( cont 'd ) ( 2 ) 91 bad God , yes ! jean ... okay ... bye . as Jean make she way into she house , it 's clear that she 's struggle with she decision . int . bad be house - kitchen - continuous sla bad , all smile , hang up . the catfish be fillete , bread and in the fry pan when the phone ring yet again . bad just come , okay , I do not care about anything else . steven what ? bad who 's this ? steven be this bad blake 's residence ? bad yeah , who .. steven it 's Steven reynold . a beat , then it jolt bad as it register . bad Steven ! steven I have be think . ( beat ) I guess maybe I do want to talk to you . bad sure . Hell , yes . when ? where ? steven I could come to Houston one of this day or you could come here . bad what time be it ? steven ten ours . I guess , eleven yours . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 73a 91 a ( cont 'd ) 91 a bad what be you do now ? ( continued ) 91 92 93 pink revision 12/7/2009 74 ( cont 'd ) ( 2 ) 91 a steven watch football . bad I will be there for the late game . steven this afternoon ? bad Bet you sweet ass . omitted 92 ext . steven' house - marfa , TEXAS - day 93 bad hobble out the door of a taxi cab . he 's carry a overnight bag on he shoulder . he look around , unsure who exactly he be look for , but sure he will recognize he . a young man with brown hair and a open-collared shirt walk down the sidewalk toward bad . steven ( nod at crutch ) what happen ? bad just stare at he . steven ( cont 'd ) it 's Steven . tear well up in bad 's eye as he look at Steven and nod . bad I can sure see you mother in you eye . steven ( a look / then ) I will take you bag . they shake hand awkwardly . Steven take the bag and they walk back up the sidewalk . steven ( cont 'd ) so what 's with the crutch ? bad I think if I get crippled up you might feel sorry for I . Steven grab he arm and lead he toward the step of he modest ranch house . awkward beat , then : ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 t4 a 93 ( cont 'd ) 93 steven how long you be in Houston ? ( continued ) 93 94 pink revision 12/7/2009 75 ( cont 'd ) ( 2 ) 93 bad comin ' up on sixteen year . steven why not Nashville ? bad I play in a club and have some friend there . Nashville 's over . steven be it hard not be in the big time anymore ? bad ( a tense look ) I miss the money , but there 's a whole world of people who do not like what I do for a live . I always do . I would not mind one more go around with the money , but I do not know .. another awkward silence as they reach the porch . bad ( cont 'd ) what make you change you mind and call I ? steven my wife . bad oh. wife ? Jesus ... I mean good . int . steven' house - marfa - continuous 94 Steven lead bad over to a sofa and gently help he down . the house be sparsely furnish but tidy . bad take it in . bad this be nice . Real nice . steven it 's a roof over we head . just then , marissa , a tall , thin blonde in a T-shirt and short cross to bad and reach out she hand . marissa Mr. blake . do not get up . I be marissa . bad I be stand in my mind . call I bad , please . ( continued ) 94 95 pink revision 12/7/2009 76 ( cont 'd ) 94 marissa can I get you some water , Coke , beer ? bad anything stronger ? marissa sorry . bad beer 's just right . marissa Excuse I . I be just finish dinner . Steven turn on the game and follow marissa into the kitchen , leave bad alone on the sofa . int . steven' house - dine room - later 95 as they finish supper , marissa bring out box of picture . bad sort through they . a picture of Mary jo in front of a store . steven Mom be a clothing buyer . bad glance at a picture of marge 's wedding . steven ( cont 'd ) she marry Jeff , another buyer at the store . he toss the picture aside and pick up a picture of bad play guitar to Steven on a blue velvet sofa . the skinny kid , grin , with a beer in he hand , be tommy sweet . bad smile as he come across picture of Steven from infant to man . School picture , vacation picture , boy scout . Steven in football gear . bad come across a picture of mary jo and himself just after a show . bad in a wide - lapele western suit , Mary jo ina dress that billow around she body . she age subtly , hold she look through most of the other picture . bad come across one of Mary jo in the hospital , near the end , where she look like a old woman . bad stare at it . steven ( cont 'd ) in case you be wonder , she die of lymphoma . ( off bad 's silence ) take six month . ( continued ) oe 95 ( cont 'd ) pink revision 12/7/2009 77 95 bad ( stare at the picture ) if you do not mind I ask , what do she tell you about I ? steven she never say a bad word about you . bad jerk and look at Steven . he finally lay the picture down . Steven look at it . steven ( cont 'd ) when I be a kid I use to brag to my friend that you be my father . bad you do ?! steven then you start show up on the news for .. thing . bad well . I do not remember much about some of that time . ( beat ) the road 's kill a lot of people . make a lot more crazy . steven so it be the road that do all that thing ? bad you do not know what it 's like year in year out .. steven I guess not . same as you do not know what it be like back here . bad I know I .. miss thing , Steven . steven you mean like my life ? bad yeah but , I .. marissa rise from the table . marissa let I get you guy another beer . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 tia 95 ( cont 'd ) ( 2 ) 98 bad I know I can not do anything about you mother . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 78 95 ( cont 'd ) ( 3 ) 98 steven what would you do if you could ? bad I do not know . tell she .. tell she I always love she in my way . steven just out of curiosity , what way be that ? bad stare at he , then dig in he pocket for a sheaf of bill in a gold money clip . bad I buy this clip on you eighteenth birthday . I be go to send it to you , but I do not know how ... where ya will be exactly . I have be carry it ever since . bad hold it out . Steven look at it , then take it and hold it by its edge as if it be dangerous or delicate . it 's batter and scratch . he flip it back to bad . it land in he lap . steven you better keep it around you money . bad but I buy it for you . steven thank you , but I give up want anything from you a long time ago . bad look at the money clip in he lap . bad why do you call I back then ? steven I tell you . marissa talk I into it . bad you must have want to be talk into it or .. steven +..or maybe I be just curious . bad well , I be too . ( continued ) 95 pink revision 12/7/2009 719 ( cont 'd ) ( 4 ) 95 steven c'mon . do you realize you have not ask a damn thing about I since you get here ? bad 's face be white . he get he crutch and work he way up . bad appreciate it if you would call I a cab . bad start to make he way to the door . he turn to Steven . bad ( cont 'd ) you think it be easy , do this ? steven you have get to be one of the most self - involved son-of - a- bitch on earth . you never even call I . not once . ever . how the hell be that even possible ? everything be all about you then and it 's all about you now . Steven cross but bad grab he by the arn . bad let I tell you something : there may have be a day or two in that twenty year that I do not think about you , but by God , I do not remember a one . Steven pull free of bad 's grasp . steven I do not care what you think , I care what you do ! do you really think you can explain away twenty year of do nothing ? bad I be not make excuse , I be just say .. steven say what ? what the hell be you say ? bad ( shake ) I be say that I be here . that I be try to fix it .. ( continued ) 95 96 97 98 99 100 pink revision 12/7/2009 80 ( cont 'd ) ( 5 ) 95 steven look , Mr. blake . I have a good mother who love and take care of I . I be not break . bad look at Steven for a painful beat . bad guess it be a mistake . steven blame it on the road . Steven cross to the kitchen . bad grab he bag and cross to the door . marissa give bad a look then follow Steven back into the kitchen . bad exit into the dry marfa air . int . bad be house - houston - live room - day 96 * the sofa , table and chair be all in the center of the room cover with plastic . bad , with he cast now off , paint the wall a eggshell white . ext . bad be house - late afternoon 97 * bad pull some weed that grow alongside the front porch . his lawn be freshly mow . int . bad be house - live room - evening 98 * bad clean he house in final preparation for Jean 's visit . it look better than it ever have . the doorbell ring . bad toss a dust - rag into a laundry basket , take a quick sip of whiskey , put the glass in the sink , put the bottle in the cupboard , and head for the door . he open it to find jean and buddy . Jean wear a yellow dress and be radiant . buddy hold a little car . they feel so good they all stand and smile at one other for a moment . int . bad be house - kitchen - night 99 * biscuit for supper ! buddy be so full and tired he be nodd off with a biscuit in he hand . Jean pick he up and take he out . bad go to the cabinet for the bottle then leave it and follow Jean . int . bedroom — night 100 * Jean undress buddy who be half asleep , and tuck he in . bad watch from the doorway , he heart full . pink revision 12/7/2009 80 a 101 int . kitchen - night 101 Jean and bad do the dish together . ( continued ) 101 ( cont 'd ) pink revision 12/7/2009 81 101 bad I have be miss ya will real bad . jean we miss you , too . bad you article blow I away . you even make the truth sound good . jean thank you . bad listen , I know a bunch of people at the Post . all in music . I send they you article . they would love to talk about write for they . jean the Post ?! bad they would be lucky to get you . Hell , we all would . Jean do not respond . bad notice that it 's not a easy decision for she . bad just think about it , see how it feel .. jean okay . bad you know that song I write on you bed ? jean yeah . bad Tommy record it . gonna be he next single . you will hear it every time you turn on the radio . jean so basically in term of stay away from you , I be screw . bad more or less . ( continued ) 101 pink revision 12/7/2009 s1 a ( cont 'd ) ( 2 ) 101 bad notice he hand be shaking and hide they quickly . notice that he 's struggle , Jean grab he hand and kiss it . he look away . 102 103 104 105 106 pink revision 12/7/2009 82 int . bad be house - live room - morning 102 bad wake up on the fold out . Jean and buddy be up early . buddy have jelly on he mouth . they be both asleep beside he now . he look at they and cannot remember the last time he wake up so completely happy . int . bathroom - later 103 bad gargle with a big gulp of jd and swallow it . he set the bottle on the counter - top . after a beat , he quickly change he mind and put the bottle under the sink . he begin to brush he tooth . int . chevy suburban - afternoon 104 bad drive while Jean and buddy sit up front . they drive through downtown Houston . the skyline jut out of the flat landscape . jean my Lord . bad wait till you see it at night . it 's a lot prettier . look at this . bad turn down a side street . bad ( cont 'd ) ( point ) that building there , the one with the star on top . that 's where Sam Houston and he boy beat Santa Anna and he mexican . Texas get its start right there . yes sir , if it be not for that spot , we would be speak mexican right now . you know any mexican , buddy ? buddy shake he head , no . int . johnson space CENTER - later 105 bad walk slowly through the center as they look at rocket , space ship , and all thing NASA . buddy 's in heaven . int . bad be house - dine room - later 106 bad 's prepare beef tenderloin , shrimp , and vegetable . buddy eat Mac and cheese . bad the Post want you to come by around ten-thirty , okay ? ( more ) ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 82a 106 ( cont 'd ) 106 bad ( cont 'd ) I will drop you off and then pick you up and take you to a good cajun joint for lunch . ( continued ) 106 107 107 a 108 pink revision 12/7/2009 83 ( cont 'd ) ( 2 ) 106 jean what about buddy ? bad buddy and I will go downtown and explore the tunnel . jean / buddy tunnel ? bad ( mysteriously ) there 's a whole city underneath the city . he will love it . at noon , we will rise up out of the ground and take you to lunch . buddy out of the ground ? like that guy on tv ? bad what guy ? buddy ( insist ) on tv . Jean be not sure but want to be . int . houston aquarium - morning 107 bad and buddy stand in front of a large shark tank . mako , Tiger , and Sand shark swim about . ext . houston tunnel - late morning 107 a holding buddy 's hand , bad and buddy step onto a escalator and descend into the belly of the tunnel . int . houston tunnel - later 108 bad and buddy walk the endless passageway of the tunnel . buddy 's full of enthusiasm . bad be tired and sore . he 's also start to sweat and shake . he look to a clock that hang from the ceiling : eleven-thirty . bad ( kneel down to buddy ) hey , sailor . what say we go into that place right there and wet we whistle before we rise up out the ground ? buddy nod and they head into the whipping post SALOON . pink revision 12/7/2009 83a 109 int . whipping post SALOON - continuous 109 * the bar be dark and panele , full of small table and upholster chair on twisted brass leg . muzak fill the air . the boy take a seat at the bar . ( continued ) 109 pink revision 12/7/2009 84 ( cont 'd ) 109 bad double j.d. and a ginger ale - double . I want mine rock , Bud , how ' bout you ? buddy rock . bad ( to the waiter ) that music drive you crazy ? bartender if I hear it it would . bad hand buddy a maraschino cherry . buddy what be I suppose to do with it , Bud ? bad eat it . buddy pop it in he mouth and chew vigorously . buddy run off to a nearby table and grab some pretiel . he bring they back to bad. bad ( cont 'd ) you be find all kind of good stuff , Bud . buddy run off for something else . bartender here you go , amigo . ten-fifty . bad reach for he wallet and wince . bad Jesus , ten-fifty ? the bartender laugh . bad grab the ginger ale and look around for buddy . bad ( cont 'd ) buddy , come on back . bad look around the restaurant for buddy . no sign of he . bad ( cont 'd ) ( stand ) buddy ? buddy do not come back or answer . bad look around the bar . it 's empty . bad turn to the bartender . ( continued ) 109 110 111 pink revision 12/7/2009 85 ( cont 'd ) ( 2 ) 109 bad ( cont 'd ) do you see the boy ? bartender no . he 's probably in the restroom . bad sit back down . bad you be probably right . he take a long sip of he drink . after several long beat , bad stand back up . he finish he drink . bad ( cont 'd ) Hell . I better go get he . his mom will have fit if we be late for lunch . bad charge through the men' room door . int . men' room - continuous 110 it 's a tiny room with a single urinal and stall . bad ( echoing ) Bud ? you okay , Bud ? no answer . bad push open the stall . empty . bar — continuous 111 bad ( to the bartender ) do he come back here ? bartender no , I have not see he . bad start to panic . bad where the hell ? bartender I think you be watch he . be not you suppose to be watch he ? bad exit back into the tunnel . he enter a pharmacy across the hall . pink revision 12/7/2009 85 a 112 int . women' clothing shop - continuous 112 bad swing up and down the aisle of clothing , ask the woman at the front counter if she 's see buddy . 113 114 114a 115 pink revision 12/7/2009 86 int . tunnel - continuous 113 * back out in the tunnel , he look both way . then he have to stop and lean back against the wall . he take off he hat and wipe he forehead with he handkerchief . bad move away from the SALOON and women' shop and head for * a TRAVEL agency . int . TRAVEL agency - tunnel -— continuous 114 * a TRAVEL agent behind a counter sit under a poster of a blond woman with " Cozumel " print across she yellow bikini . before bad can utter a word , the agent recognize bad . TRAVEL agent I use to see you at Larry 's torchroom back in the eighty . you be great . I know you be go to be a star . bad a little boy with brown hair . he 's only about this tall . he just wander away a couple of minute ago . do he come by here ? TRAVEL agent no. sorry . I have not see anyone . good luck , though . awful nice to actually meet you . bad step back out into the tunnel . * int . tunnel parking garage — continuous 114 a * bad walk amid the row of park car . no sign of buddy . * int . tunnel — continuous 115 * they have become a series of intricate and complicated curve . he spin around not sure if he have come this way already or not . traffic in the tunnel be start to pick up . people pass he from both direction . bad ( to passersby ) a little boy . I have lose my little boy . bad push forward . the clock above he read : eleven -fifty . bad approach a heavy , young security guard . ( continued ) pink revision 115 ( cont 'd ) bad I lose my little boy . Brown hair , four year old ... name 's buddy . security guard what be he wear ? bad think about it for a beat . 12/7/2009 86 a 115 ( continued ) 115 ( cont 'd ) bad look pink revision 12/7/2009 87 ( 2 ) 115 bad I can not remember . security guard where do you last see he ? bad in the bar ? security guard which one ? in both direction , unsure of which way he come . bad the bar . Hell , I do not know which one . a little bar , dark . security guard ( into he walkie- talkie ) all station . we have a lose boy , four year old , brown hair , name buddy . report back , please . bad stare down the tunnel . bad thanks . bad start off . the guard stop he . security guard Sir , sir . you better stay with I . bad I have to find he . he 's lose . he 's from New Mexico . his mother be wait for we . security guard we will find he . just stay here . all of we guard be watch for he . bad start to sweat profusely . security guard ( cont 'd ) how much do you have to drink , sir ? bad I have a drink . what goddamn difference do it make ? security guard you lose he , sir . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 87 a 115 ( cont 'd ) ( 3 ) 115 bad yeah , I lose he and I be go to find he . ( continued ) 115 116 117 118 119 pink revision 12/7/2009 88 ( cont 'd ) ( 4 ) 115 bad hobble off . int . tunnel - later 116 bad stop amid a day glow section of the tunnel to consider the possibility . there 's a steady flow of traffic ; hundred of people move down the sidewalk . omitted 117 ext . tunnel —- later 118 bad ascend the escalator . it 's hot and humid . he start off to he right , turn and look leave . downtown Houston spin around he . after several beat of look around , he descend back into the tunnel . int . tunnel - control room —- moment later 119 bad sit in the security office . static-filled radios fill the room . a clock read : twelve forty - five . security guard and men in suit walk in , get coffee , joke with the dispatcher and leave . voice ( 0.8 . ) where 's buddy ? bad , where 's buddy ? bad turn to find jean , in a print dress , white and shaking . bad they be go to find he , hon . all this guy be look for he . you do not need to worry . jean how the hell do you lose he ? bad just stop for a second , to get a.. turn around and he be go . he just disappear . jean you stop to get a drink , do not you ? do not you ?! he 's just a little boy . a baby . my baby ! oh , God ... ( continued ) ee * * 119 120 121 pink revision 12/7/2009 89 ( cont 'd ) 119 bad move to comfort she . she hit he so hard he stumble back . jean ( cont 'd ) do not you touch I ! goddamn you , bad ! fade to : int . control room - later 120 Jean sit across the room from bad . she 's unable to express anything . the clock read : one -fifteen . finally , a woman in a blue-dress come in hold buddy by the hand . a a gray-haire security guard walk in behind they smile . buddy 's eye be swollen and tear . he take one look at Jean and begin to scream and cry . Jean rush to he , hold and try to comfort he . she rock he back and forth . bad ( lean into buddy ) it 's go to be all right , old Bud . we just get we wire cross . jean shut up . will you ? ext . bad be house - front porch - later 121 a taxi - cab wait at the curb . Jean pull they bag outside onto the porch . bad stand by helplessly . bad jeannie , do not do this . in a manic state to leave , Jean shove she clothes into she luggage . she do not even look at bad . can not look at he . bad you can not leave now for God 's sake . you do not even have a ticket . Jean grab buddy 's clothes and toy and haphazardly shove they into he elmo travel bag . jean I know it . every bone in my body tell I not to get on that plane . I should have trust my instinct ... I know it ! bad grab at she harm . she yank she arm back . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 89 a 121 ( cont 'd ) 121 bad everything will be okay . give I - ( continued ) 121 122 pink revision 12/7/2009 90 ( cont 'd ) ( 2 ) 121 she stop and look right into bad 's eye . jean everything 's not okay . he 's four year old and scared half to death . bad you know that I would not do anything to hurt he . jean well , you do . you and every man I have be with be nothing but self - absorb asshole ... every fuck one of you . bad calm down , jeannie . jean you calm down ! and stop call I jeannie . Jean grab buddy 's hand . jean come on , baby . together they step off the porch . bad follow . Jean 's reach the wait taxi . the taxi driver have pop the trunk . bad I can drive you to the airport . let I at least do that . Jean motion with she hand as if push something gently , but firmly down . as they get into the taxi , buddy wave . buddy bye . buddy start cry again . bad watch they pull away . int . bad be house - bedroom - night 122 bad walk in the bedroom carry a near empty bottle of jd . he 's drunk and look pathetic . he fall onto the bed , the bottle crash to the ground . the whir of the ceiling fan be interrupt by he ringing telephone . it ring several more time . finally , he answering machine pick up . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 90 a 122 ( cont 'd ) 122 answering machine bad ? it 's Tommy . listen , man , crazy heart turn out great . ( more ) ( continued ) 122 123 124 125 126 pink revision 12/7/2009 91 ( cont 'd ) ( 2 ) 122 answering machine ( cont 'd ) it 's the best song I have record in year . gonna be a monster . they say straight to number one . anyway , you be go to love it , bad . it 's you song through and through . I can not thank you enough . alright , then . adios . Tommy hang up . bad turn over on he stomach . int . bad be house - bedroom - morning 123 bad have not move . he wake and reach for the phone . he dial and lay back down . bad Wayne . I want to sober up . int . sunshine detox CENTER - bedroom — houston - day 124 bad sit on he bed stare out a magnolia tree . it 's as quiet as a mausoleum . bad 's luggage sit in a corner , unopen . the room consist of a dresser , a closet , a twin bed and two window . bad lie back on the bed and close he eye . ext . sunshine detox CENTER - lawn —- later 125 chair , fill with ten or so people , be place in a semi - circle on a small lawn encase by tall pine tree . bad stand and introduce himself . bad I be bad and I be a alcoholic . the group hi , bad . bad a couple of day ago , I lose a little boy . I be drunk . I have be drunk most of my life and I have lose a hell of a lot . ext . sunshine detox CENTER - gazebo —- later 126 bad lean against a railing inside a gazebo that overlook a small stream . he drink a cup of coffee and smoke a cigarette . a red-haire man name PAT cross to the coffee maker next to bad and offer he hand . PAT you be a musician , be not you ? bad I be . ( continued ) * 126 127 128 129 pink revision 12/7/2009 ( cont 'd ) 92 126 PAT I be glad you be here . we all know what a hard step it be . bad hardest thing I ever do . it 's a different role for I . that 's for damn sure . PAT we be all actor in life , bad , but sometimes we have to rethink we role . you have get to know yourself before you can learn to like yourself . Pat pour himself a cup of coffee , tap bad on the shoulder and head back over to the group . bad stare off into space , think about that last comment . int . sunshine detox CENTER - bedroom —- morning 127 bad sit in a chair read a Louis l'amour novel . after a beat , he stare out the window at the magnolia tree . ext . sunshine detox CENTER - lawn - afternoon 128 deep in think , bad walk along a path that circle the Center . he do not walk fast , but he 's move all the same . int . / ext . sunshine detox CENTER - lobby carry he luggage , bad head for the nearly go . he look fitter than we have greet he at the door with a handshake wayne you look like a new man . bad ( feel he girth ) I feel good . Wayne grab bad 's bag as they head down Wayne 's chevy truck . wayne — morning 129 exit . his limp be ever see he . wayne and a smile . the walkway toward take it from somebody who 's be there . it do not last . it will get rough and you will feel worthless . but I will help you with it ... do not worry about that , old buddy . bad ( wink ) I think I might just have this thing lick . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 93 129 ( cont 'd ) 129 Wayne toss bad 's bag in the back of he truck . as much as to bad as to himself : wayne one day at a time . 130 int . bad be house - back porch - evening 130 bad play the melody and lightly sing ' crazy heart ' . bad you lover warm kiss ... be too damn far from you fingertip you be the man ... that ruin she world . his complexion and body language be much better , healthier . the Houston skylight illuminate he back yard . 131 int . keller' steakhouse - night 131 bad sit at a table by himself . patron walk by and glance he way . bad smile when they do . a bottle of perrier sit next to he dinner . a fan approach . fan hey , Mr. blake . sure be a big fan . mind if I take a picture of you ? bad why not ? the fan pull out a digital camera , lean in a little and take a shot . he glance at bad 's bottled water . fan I know you be a j.d. man . it would be a honor if I could buy you a drink . bad raise he hand and smile . bad not tonight , amigo . but thanks . fan how about just a shot ? bad hold up the bottle of perrier . bad this french stuff be do I just right . no thanks . the fan smile and move on . 132 133 pink revision 12/7/2009 94 int . wayne be bar - houston - night 132 bad sit on a bar stool in front of approximately 65 people . a cup of Club soda sit next to he as he play acoustically and by himself . bad well it rain last night and the star shine bright and way off yonder we hear the whippoorwill at the first light of dawn we hear the he be go we heart be empty and we eye be fill open the gate welcome him in there 's a brand New angel a brand New angel with a old violin he finish up ' brand New angel ' to a round of applause . bad it 's good to be back at home . thanks for come out . he nod , grab he soda and head off . more applause as bad make he way over to the bar where wayne wait . Wayne 's all smile . int . wayne's bar - bar -— continuous 133 Wayne stick he hand out . bad take it . bad what would you think ? wayne damn , son . as hag say about lefty , " he sound good sing out of he asshole " . sounded good . Real good , pardner . Wayne slap bad on the back . bad Wayne , sometimes I think you would say a fart sound good . wayne I guess that depend on who 's do it , now , do not it ? ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 94 a 133 ( cont 'd ) 133 bad ( laugh ) I feel stiff . a little rusty . ( continued ) 133 134 135 136 137 pink revision 12/7/2009 95 ( cont 'd ) ( 2 ) 133 wayne Hell , that will work itself out . it be a good show . bad it 's my first show sober . ever . Wayne step back and look at bad , then smile . wayne you be on you way , buddy . bad the road . let 's see how I do on the road . they head off together . bad swigging he Club soda . ext . bad be house - front lawn - afternoon 134 bad ride a JOHN deere riding mower . the sun pound he back . even though he 's sit , he work up quite a sweat . int . bad be house - kitchen - moment later 135 bad cross to the cabinet and take out a glass . he then open the freezer and pull out several cube of ice . out of habit , he open the pantry . stare he in the face be a unopen bottle of jack daniel be . he look at it for a beat and then reach beside it for a Coke . he pour it over the ice reach for he medication . he downs they both . after a beat , bad re-open the pantry , grab the Jack Daniel 's and drop it in the trash can . int . bad be house - bedroom 136 bad 's sweeping up he room . it 's as neat as we have see it . the dresser 's be clutter - free and all of he clothes have be store away . bad sweep under he bed with a swiffer when out come a blue , child 's t-shirt . bad hold it up . it have a large superman ' S ' emblazon on the front . bad smile and neatly fold it . int . bad be house - live room - later 137 bad stand by the telephone debate whether to pick it up or not . finally , he decide against make the call . pink revision 12/7/2009 95 a 138 ext . jean be house - santa fe - daybreak 138 as the deep - blue dawn sky break open and the sangre de cristo Mountains awaken in the new light , bad slowly approach Jean 's front door . his warm breath crystallize in the cold morning air . ( continued ) 138 pink revision 12/7/2009 96 ( cont 'd ) 138 he climb the last step , stop , and shine he boot on the back of he leg . gather himself , he face that which he fear the most . as he reach for the doorbell , he hand shake , almost uncontrollably . he make a fist and bring it halfway to he chest and stare at it , willing it to stop . after a deep breath , he again move to the doorbell . his hand still shake , but less . he push the doorbell and step back . after a brief moment , Jean answer the door . she 's in she robe . surprise can not describe the look on she face . jean what be you do here ? bad please , just listen . I be sorry . with all my heart . I be sorry . I be sober . detox , antabuse ... the whole bit . it wake I up , Jean . jean I be glad , bad . bad no , not bad . I be go back to otis , my give name . I be change everything . jean good . she give he nothing more . bad how 's buddy ? jean sleep , but he 's fine . bad can you ever forgive I ? jean ( long beat ) yeah . I can . forgive myself be the problem . bad why ? you do not do anything . jean I put my son in harm 's way . I could have lose he forever . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 96 a 138 ( cont 'd ) ( 2 ) 138 bad it be not you fault . ( continued ) 138 139 pink revision 12/7/2009 97 ( cont 'd ) ( 3 ) 138 jean it 's important not to lie to yourself , bad . I know what the risk be with you and I be almost willing to take they because .. I love you . but put buddy in you hand .. I do not know that I will ever get over that . bad I be different now . jean I be , too . bad ( long beat ) just let I show you . we will start over , Christ .. bad start up the step toward Jean . she put she hand out . jean you be not listen . I be truly happy for you . and I hope you make a really good life for yourself . but buddy and I be not go to be part of it . bad but I love both of you so much . jean if that 's true , you will leave we alone . bad do not say that , jeannie .. at this , Jean step back into she house and softly close the door . bad jeannie ?... Jean ? bad stand on the porch hope against hope that she will again open the door . realizing it 's not to be , he turn to leave . fade to : int . seedy bar - west TEXAS - night 139 a lady ( donna ) in she early forty sit next to bad in this dimly - light bar . her skin be loose around she eye and jaw , but she face be thin . her makeup be pretty thick and a little sloppy around the edge of she mouth . her tongue work the edge of she front tooth . ( continued ) 139 140 pink revision 12/7/2009 98 ( cont 'd ) 139 lady as long as you be not a truck driver , I do not care what you do . bad light another pall mall . lady ( cont 'd ) my last old man , he be a truck driver , the worthless sack of shit . they be worse than sailor . think they be cowboy - God 's gift to woman . bad no. I 'ma singer . bad blake . the song " I do not know . " lady the hell . he 's dead . bad not yet I be not , darlin . lady it 's donna . that 's okay , honey . buy I another . bad signal toward the bar , hold up two finger . the bartender bring two more and set they on the table . bad hand he a twenty . bad just hold on to that . start a tab . donna pick up she glass and raise it to he . donna bad blake , no damned truck driver . they both take long drink of they whisky . int . chevy suburban — new mexico countryside - later 140 bad awaken to the steady pulse of the red light on the dashboard . it flash " oil " . it 's raining and the wiper be go . the suburban be full of the sharp smell of hot oil . as he try to turn over the engine , we hear the shrill whine of the bearing . donna wake up . donna where be we ? ( continued ) * pink revision 12/7/2009 98 a 140 ( cont 'd ) 140 bad Hell , I do not know . maybe Arkansas . ( continued ) 140 141 pink revision 12/7/2009 99 ( cont 'd ) ( 2 ) 140 donna where be we go ? bad try the key again . the starter grind once more before it jam . bad nowhere . the engine 's seize up . bad get out of the suburban . the road be dirt . bad look for the highway ; it 's nowhere to be see . the road be soften to thick mud . bad walk back to the suburban . donna 's asleep again . he grab the bottle of whisky and a flashlight . the rain intensify . it 's a frog - strangler . bad nudge donna . bad ( cont 'd ) I be go to walk for help . if someone come along , I be go that way . donna do not budge . bad start out through the rain and mud . ext . new mexico countryside - moment later 141 bad can barely walk . he 's drunk , he ankle be tender , and the road be inch deep in mud . twice he fall and pull himself up , crawl and stumbling to he foot . to either side be tree , and he can see nothing but the few foot of road ahead of he . he struggle onward . the third time he fall , he can not get he foot back under he . he crawl to the side of the road . his hand slip through the wet mud and the rest of he body follow down the ditchbank . he land in cold water and rights himself . he 's lose the flashlight , but still have the bottle . bad lay he head back on the ditchbank and take a long pull , then let the rain wash over he face . bad otis , goddamn . as the rain continue to pelt bad 's face , we : fade to : x * pink revision 12/7/2009 99a 142 int . / ext . santa fe opera house - sunset 142 * the star alight above the unparalleled majesty of Santa Fe . * the sweeping architecture of the open-air opera house be fill with a stand - room only audience . ( continued ) 142 pink revision 12/7/2009 100 ( cont 'd ) 142 a lone spotlight shine on tommy sweet as he sit on stage , strumm he guitar . his band have vacate they post , leave Tommy alone to perform a encore , the weary kind , to he ador fan . tommy you heart 's on the loose you roll they seven with nothin ' to lose ... this be not no place for the weary kind ... as the audience roar they approval , we pull back to reveal : bad blake , off -stage leave , stand next to he manager , jack greene . bad wear neatly press slack , shiny lucchese cowboy boot , and a crisp white shirt hold together by a turquoise bolo tie . his damp hair be sweep back from he forehead . the truth be he have never look better . jack helluva song . as Tommy begin another verse , Jack pull a envelope from he breast pocket and hand it to bad . jack they be get bigger by the day . bad open the envelope and pull out a royalty check . bad I will say . bad stuff the envelope in he pants pocket and begin to move down the backstage step toward he van . Jack grab bad by the arm . jack great show . you be do it , man . bad ( smile ) there 's a little gas leave in the tank . we follow bad as he continue down the step . just as he reach the parking lot , a voice call out to he . voice Mr. blake ? bad turn to find jean move toward he , smile . she look smash in she tight jeans , white cinched shirt and weathered cowboy boot . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 101 142 ( cont 'd ) ( 2 ) 142 jean you be in vintage form today . * bad ( chuckle ) vintage be about right ... Heard you might be here . they shake hand a bit awkwardly . jean want another interview now that you be Mr. Big time . bad still with the SUN scene ? Jean shake she head " no " and hold out she lanyard pass . bad take a look and smile . bad impressive . reckon you can not hold back a good woman from enid , Oklahoma . I be happy for you . as Jean put down she hand , bad notice a engagement ring on she leave hand . Jean look to she ring finger . jean he 's a good guy . bad you deserve one . jean would you like to see buddy ? he 's here . bad I would like nothing more . but it 's probably not what 's best for he . Jean nod understandingly . bad remove the envelope from he back pocket . bad keep this for he until he 's eighteen . Jean take the envelope . jean what 's this ? Jean open the envelope and pull out the check . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 101a 142 ( cont 'd ) ( 3 ) 142 jean oh , no . I can not do that . ( continued ) pink revision 12/7/2009 102 142 ( cont 'd ) ( 4 ) 142 bad yes , you can . it 's yours anyway . * that 's not money . * Jean stare into he eye for a extend beat . jean that 's awfully kind of you . glad to hear thing be go so well . bad one day at a time . jean what about that interview ? bad ( nod , then look around ) I would say let 's do it on the bus , but it 's much prettier out here . Jean pull out she note- pad and follow bad to a table that overlook the majestic set of the westward landscape . it make for a breathtaking scene . over the echoe of Tommy sweet 's acoustic version of " the weary kind " , we : of fade to black .