creed written by Ryan coogler and Aaron covington base on , character from the rocky Series written by sylvester stallone draft 9/30/14 int . fight club / bar - tijuana mexico - day 1 we open on a mural of Jesus Christ , paint on the wall of the bar . we pan down to reveal dank surroundings where disinterested patron be watch a brutal flyweight match between two hispanic fighter . int . dressing room - fight club / bar - tijuana mexico 2 more of a water stain box where adonis johnson ( 20' , Black ) lean from one side to another , attempt to stay loose . flore ( 30' ) a battle scar mexican fighter , stand across from adonis , thick and menace , with a neutral expression . adonis glance at he opponent , who stare back emptily . the door open off screen . refferee ( 0.s. ) vamanos ! the two fighter stand up . int . ring - fight club / bar - tijuana mexico 3 adonis , prance around the ring , avoid florez who be struggle to make contact , and grow tired . florez corner adonis up against the rope , and after miss a few jab , wham he duck into adonis and land a pretty deliberate head but above he leave eye , open a deep gash . as adonis try to recover : wham wham , he land two bone crunching hook to the gut . adonis take a airless breath and stumble back to the middle of the ring , wiping blood from the gash as the bell sound . adonis head to the corner , where a waitress ( 40s ) put a stool down . he sit and she squirt water into he mouth . the bell for round 3 sound . he start towards Flores , with more bounce in he stance . Flores take a swing at he head , and adonis evade . Flores swing again , and again , even harder , and adonis duck both and then crush a leave uppercut into Flores ' chin , follow by a flurry of alternate punch that send Flores crash to the matt -— unconscious . the ref fly in wave , and adonis spit he mouthpiece out and head to the corner . ref ( in Spanish ) 6-7-8-9-10 adonis look on and start bite at he glove to take it off . the ref walk over and pull $ 500 out of he pocket , hand it to adonis right there . ext . US mexico border - day 4 several car line up at the inspection booth . adonis , drive in a primer color 1967 mustang , hold a T - shirt to he eye . he hand he passport to the border patrol agent , who look at he , shake he head , and signal he through . int . er waiting room - los angele county hospital - evening 5 adonis sit in a crowded er wait room . nurse ( 0.s. ) donnie Johnson ? ext . baldwin hill STREET — night 6 adonis 's mustang pull into a hillside driveway . he punch a code into a keypad , and a large iron gate open . as he drive up the cobblestone driveway we pull back to reveal a breathtaking mansion , we notice the fresh bandage over he eye . int . creed mansion - kitchen - continuous 7 a hand wear a massive wedding ring scoops beef stew into a bowl . we pull up to reveal mary - anne creed ( 70 ) , dress modestly , but a regalness about she . she slide the bowl in front of adonis , who sit at the kitchen island , and pour herself a glass of vodka . she put she hand to he cut . mary anne do you have to come here after you fight ? it 's like you want to rub my nose in it . adonis it 's tradition . ( beat ) do not you want to know if I win ? mary anne it do not matter . even when you win , you be lose . ( beat ) ( more ) mary anne ( cont 'd ) you give any more think to go back to school ? adonis do not say anything . mary anne ( cont 'd ) what about the internship ? adonis maybe ... if it work with whatever schedule Duke put I on . mary anne have you even talk to he ? adonis tomorrow ... what you get on tv ? mary anne watch we boy . int . creed mansion - live room - hour later 8 on screen - walter White , in a desert standoff with member of a rival cartel , when ... it cut to credit . Mary Anne and adonis sit next to each other on the couch . adonis 's shoe off , he white sock dangle like a toddler . adonis you get another one in you ? mary anne naw , grandma 's gotta head off to bed ... you gonna stay the night ? adonis naw , I be gonna get to the house ... beat . mary anne how 's you mom ? adonis she cool , I guess . mary anne good ... that 's good . adonis stand up , and give she a big hug . 10 11 mary anne ( cont ’d ) see you tomorrow ? he nod . ext . clabsaddle house - driveway - later that night 9 adonis 's mustang park next to a subaru suv in front of the two car garage of a small house in silverlake . int . clabsaddle house - adonis 's bedroom - night - one hour later adonis sit in he room ( a convert two car garage ) . he put he winning into a large duffle bag , slide it under he futon , plop down on it , and turn on HBO on demand . he hit play on a box documentary . on the screen we see - int . porter 's car - day - toxteth , liverpool , UNITED kingdom 11 the camera shoot '' pretty '' ricky porter ( White , mid 30' , scouse accent ) - the unanimous # 1 pound for pound fighter in the world - as he walk around he old neighborhood with he son junior ( 8 ) , and G ( 6 , and small for he age ) surround by a nefarious entourage . porter see I be from toxteth . nothin wrong with it , it make I . at the mention of toxteth , some member of he entourage mock fire pistol at the camera . porter , and he crew walk up to a box gym , nestle in the corner of a decaye neighborhood . porter ( cont 'd ) ( motion to junior ) I be a lot smaller than he , a cheeky little bastard I be . I use to get I ass kick come home from school every day . a wiry , bespectacle man stick he head out of the doorway and look into the camera with disdain - this be gile holiday ( 55 , White ) despite he slight build , he demand respect . holiday you gonna train or be a movie star ? porter turn to holiday and smile . 12 porter come down here , mate . holiday reluctantly oblige . he pat G on the head . porter ( cont 'd ) he find I , after some evertonian bashed I head in . ( motion to holiday ) so he bring I in ere . taught I how to fight ... stop pickin’ on I after that do not they ? inside the gym we cut to porter - work drill with holiday . narrator ( v.o. ) porter be expect to be sentence within the year on a handgun charge that could land he behind bar for up to 7 year . we see porter be interview in a close - up . porter I feel like I could fight another 20 year . but number catch up to everybody , so I be treat this like its I last ... junior - wear he dad 's gold chain around he neck ( it 's huge on he ) stand outside of the ring , mimick he dad 's move . G watch he closely . narrator his opponent , Danny wheeler , be arguably he most formidable challenge , yet . in a highlight reel we see shot of danny '' stuntman '' wheeler ( late 20 , Black ) take out several opponent in the ring . there be a cut to tony '' duke '' burton stand next to he as he hold up a belt post - fight . adonis look on at the screen , anger flash over he face . he turn it off , pick up he dumbbell , and start lift . int . adonis bedroom - day 12 adonis sleep under a blanket . the bedroom door creak open , and small set of eye peek through . kayla clabsaddle ( 8 , biracial , curly hair , deaf ) walk into the room . she walk over to adonis and gently push he shoulder . he open he eye . ( they talk in american sign Language with subtitles . ) 13 kayla wake up . Breakfast be ready . he roll back over and put the pillow over he face . kayla jump on top of he , landing right on he sore rib . adonis ahh , shit ! he push she , send she to the carpet , laugh . adonis ( cont 'd ) you be too heavy for that . as she stand adonis sit up , and she catch sight of he bandage . kayla you be fight again ! adonis do not tell mom . kayla what 's in it for I ? adonis stare she down for a beat , then motion to he wallet on the coffee table . kayla grab it , and bring it back to he . he pull out a $ 5 bill and give it to she . she put it in she pocket . kayla ( cont 'd ) Mom make you breakfast , what be you gonna do ? adonis look at he phone , and see that he oversleep . adonis I be run late . go make I a shake , and bring it to I . kayla nod and take off . int . clabsaddle kitchen - day 13 sunlight stream into a modest kitchen . lisa clabsaddle ( Black , a young look 40 ) scramble egg next to daryl clabsaddle ( White , 40' ) who pour coffee . Lisa watch intently as kayla scoops powder from adonis 's muscle milk jug , pour it into shake thermos and then add water . she close it up and start shaking it . Lisa look at daryl , who be watch as well , and walk away shaking he head . 14 Lisa tap kayla . who turn to she , innocently , shaking away at the shake . lisa be you brother awake ? kayla guiltily look back , still shaking the milkshake . she shrug '' I do not know '' . lisa ( cont 'd ) be he still in he room ? kayla shrug again . Lisa give she the mother 's stare of death . int . adonis 's bedroom 14 adonis , pull a hoodie over he head and prep he bag . lisa ( 0.s. ) how could anybody drink this first thing in the morning ? it 's disgusting . adonis turn around to see Lisa stand in the doorway , hold he thermos . kayla stand next to she guiltily . Lisa walk down the step into the room and hand adonis the thermos . he take it , try to hide he face , but he 's too late . lisa ( cont 'd ) Jesus , what happen to you eye ? adonis stiches . lisa I be talk about before the stitches smart ass . adonis I get into a fight at a bar . lisa you be 23 year old . at some point you gotta stop solving problem with you fist . you need to get a job . work out at the gym everyday do not count . have hear enough , he head for the door . 15 16 lisa ( cont 'd ) wait . adonis stop . turn around . lisa ( cont 'd ) I be sorry , just come and eat some real food . I cook you favorite . sit down , and have some family time . adonis family time ? lisa yeah ... adonis ( beat ) you know I see you mom last night . lisa oh yeah ? how have that go ? adonis you mean , '' how be she ? '' ( beat ) she 's alone ... this land on Lisa , hard . adonis walk over to she , give she a kiss on the cheek , and head out . ext . duke 's boxing gym parking lot - south los angele - day-15 continuous adonis 's car turn into a gravel parking lot , in a dilapidate neighborhood . he park , hop out with he duffle bag . we track up to reveal the sign . '' duke 's boxing gym : world CLASS . '' int . duke 's boxing gym - day - continuous 16 adonis change into he box shoe and head towards a large ring where several boxer be pair up , work drill . sitting outside the ring be duke ( 70 , black ) . adonis walk over to he . adonis I be ready to train . let I know what warm - up you want I start with . 17 duke what be you talk about ? adonis toss the open duffle bag on the edge of the ring , right in front of Duke . adonis that 's my training fee for a year up front . Duke peer into the bag for a beat , sigh , then hand it back . duke go home , son . Duke go to turn back , and adonis grab he shoulder . adonis I be not leave this gym today until you agree to train I . Duke look into adonis 's eye closely . and turn back to the ring , verbally coach up the athlete inside . adonis push past Duke and jump into the ring . int . ring - duke 's boxing gym - continuous 17 the boxer stop sparring , and they look at adonis , who turn to the corner and shake the content of he gym bag out - glove , a mouthpiece , and $ 10,000 cash . adonis I get 10 stack right here . Cash ! ready for whoever want to come get it . adonis put on he glove and turn around to the fighter in the ring . they look at he , but none be up for the challenge . duke adonis ! adonis easy money , right ? outside the ring , fighter have stop they workout and inch closer to the brewing spectacle . a fighter , tall and lean , about adonis 's age start to approach the ring , this be kev . adonis lock eye with he . 10 . adonis ( cont 'd ) kev , you gonna be first up ? kev look at you eye , cuz . look like somebody beat I to it . the room guffaw ... adonis do not . adonis so it should be easy for you right ?? I '’11 put my money where my mouth be . adonis bend down and clumsily grab a rubber band stack of money . he place it in he mouth , bite down on it like a mouthpiece . kev shake he head at this , bite down on he mouthpiece , and slide into the ring . the two fighter circle each other : kev 's stance high and tight - adonis 's low , flamboyant , and taunting . kev swing a right jab , but adonis easily evade it . kev swing again , adonis lean back drop he guard , and start to rock side to side . frustrate , kev take two more swing , and adonis parry one , duck the other and come hard with a right cross to kev 's chin . kev 's jaw rattles and he hit the floor in a heap , face down , unconscious . adonis spit the money out and it land on kev 's back . adonis ( cont 'd ) c'mon ! who next , huh ? which one of ya will want it with the rich kid . you pick they Duke ! you pick which one ! man' voice I be next . adonis turn to see danny wheeler ( who we recognize from HBO ) stand in the crowd outside the ring . a hush fall over the gym as wheeler stare adonis down with silent confidence . Danny step into the ring , and strap up he glove , while adonis bend down and put he mouthpiece in . adonis reach out to touch glove with wheeler , who knock they away and move in quick . 11 . adonis back up , send a couple of leave jab . wheeler duck one , parry the other , and send a quick flurry back at adonis . adonis dodge they but be force into the rope in retreat . wheeler stop runnin , boy ... adonis reload , and start back at wheeler . he creep in cautiously , send two jab at wheeler , the first ( head ) miss , the second ( body ) connect . he follow with hook , and wheeler duck , and come up with a uppercut , follow by a straight shot to adonis 's forehead . adonis go crash to the matt - ass first . the gym roar . he shake it off and bounce up to he foot . wheeler ( cont 'd ) stay down ... he stand back up , get into he stance , and move in on wheeler who cage up , and lean on the rope , block adonis shot with he arm . wheeler ( cont 'd ) you ready , rich boy ? wheeler strike back with two quick jab to adonis 's face , sidestep adonis 's counter and land a leave hook to the gut that double he over . then wham ! he slam a right hook into adonis 's face , reopening he wound . adonis drop to one knee , try to find he bearing . wheeler ( cont 'd ) stay down ! adonis stand up , try to shake the hit off , and bang he glove together . he put he hand up to fight again . he go at wheele , swinging wildly . wheeler duck the shot , then slam a leave uppercut into he body , then send a right cross , knock he mouthpiece out . wheeler ( cont 'd ) go down ! adonis , nearly out on he foot , put he hand up to keep fight . he take another swing . wheeler evade easily and bang another punch into adonis 's jaw . he stumble back , and choke on something , then spit out a bloody molar . wheeler ( cont 'd ) go down . 18 12 . he put he hand back up , and move in wheeler , barely on balance . he swing hard , but wheeler slip he , and connect with a stiff leave to he face , send he crash to the mat . hard CUT to black fade in - adonis 's Pov while laying on he back in the ring -— series of shot - wheeler pick up adonis 's cash . - other fighter give wheeler pat on he back . - Duke stand over adonis - look at he with concern . duke get the medic ... int . duke 's office 18 the medic ( Black , 60' ) have just finish stitching up adonis 's eye and head out of the room . Duke walk in and sit down across from adonis . adonis why will not you help I , man . duke besides you disrespect I in my own gym ? adonis I gotta get you attention somehow . duke you get it , and you have get my answer . adonis then i’1l go to somebody else . duke it 's not gonna matter . I promise you grandmother that I have do everything in my power to keep you from box . and that 's what I be gonna do . ( beat ) now you want to go out to Mexico and get yourself kill in one of that bar fight , I can not control that . but around here , my word be law . 19 13. adonis look at Duke . duke ( cont ’d ) all that aside , kid . you be not even that good . int . creed mansion live room - day 19 Mary Anne sit on the couch , sip from a glass , and smile at the television . on the screen - a home video of the creed family , circa 1980 . adonis ( 0.s. ) grandma ! adonis storm into the live room , and turn off the tv . Mary Anne give he a look that could kill as he sit down next to she . adonis ( cont 'd ) I need you to call Duke . mary anne I just get off the phone with he . he tell I wheeler tore you a new one . adonis I need you to call he and tell he to train I . mary anne must be you concussion talk . adonis you go behind my back tell people not to touch I ? that stop today . mary anne a woman protect she family . even from themselves . adonis I be a grow man . this be what I want to do with my life . mary anne you do not know what you want . look at you face . ( more ) 20 21 22 14 . mary anne ( cont 'd ) I can not tell you how many time I have to sit up feed appolo because he eyelid be swollen shut . or wiping he ass because he could not move he arm . Apollo give he life , so you would not have to do this . adonis oh , so that 's why he take that last fight ? Mary Anne cut adonis a cold look . adonis ( cont 'd ) he do not need the money . why would he do it ? maybe he be sick of be coope up in this house with you control ass - whap ! Mary Anne slap the taste out of he mouth . adonis turn he head back to she for a beat , then storm out . int . creed mansion / trophy room - day 20 adonis be surround by the success of he grandfather Apollo creed . his eye track the frame item on the wall : Apollo 's american flag short , championship belt , humanitarian award , and picture shaking hand with president . his eye fall on a newspaper article with a picture of Apollo and Rocky balboa the clipping read , '' creed train former rival '' . he go over to a cabinet underneath the newspaper clipping , and dig through a box . he take a unseen object and storm out . int . clabsaddle house / adonis room - night 21 adonis look at the Wikipedia page for Rocky balboa on he ipad . he tap the link to adrian 's , website '' contact '' . the address be in Philadelphia . int . used bookstore - philadelphia 22 massive hand pick up a wear , paperback romance novel off the display rack . the hand belong to rocky balboa ( 60' , italian - american ) . he look at the cover , through he glass , and mouth along to the title . he slap the book down on the checkout counter . 23 24 25 26 15 . store owner ( 0.s. ) that 's 1l be all champ ? rocky yup . till next time . ( touch he stomach ) you think I could use you bathroom . int . bookstore bathroom 23 on Rocky , lean up against the wall of the stall , vomit into the toilet . he stand up , wipe he mouth . ext . used bookstore - philadelphia 24 Rocky exit the store , book in tow head towards he industrial , white van park on the sidewalk . he cross the street towards a corner- store int . liquor store - philadelhia 25 Rocky walk up to the clerk ( 40 's palestinian ) , eyeing the liquor on display behind he . rocky how ya doin . let I get a little bottle of four rose . the clerk grab a pint of the cheap stuff , put it in a paper bag , and sit it on the counter in front of Rocky . clerk gonna have to see some id , champ . Rocky smile as he count out $ 15 and hand it over . the clerk try to give he change back , but Rocky decline it . ext . cemetery - adrian 's plot -— dusk 26 the bouquet sit next to adrian balboa 's headstone . Rocky sit in a chair across from it , glass on , read the book outloud . he come to the end of the chapter , dog ear the page and close the book . he stand up , hide he fold chair in the a tree , and start off . he stop at another headstone , and pull the bottle of four rose out of the bag , and sit it down , unopen on the tombstone . we see it read '' paulie pennino '' 1940 - 2012 . Rocky head off towards he car . 27 28 16 . int . california men 's colony - san louis obispo 27 we find adonis , wait in a line of visitor go through processing . Guards look on , past the metal detector , as adonis place he personal item in the X - Ray machine trays . int . visiting room - cmc slo 28 adonis sit down in a row of plastic chair on the visitor side of the glass panel . several visit be go on on either side of he , with inmate , speak with visitor through black phone . a buzz be hear , and terrel johnson ( 40 's ) a man of slight build but intense eye , emerge from the prison door and sit down across from adonis . they stare at each other through the thick glass . he pick up the phone . adonis pick up he . terrel look at you . all that hair on you face . what be you now , 22 ? adonis 23 . terrel take this in . adonis ( cont 'd ) I be leave tomorrow . go to the East Coast . not plan on come back . terrel that 's good . wish I have some cool advice to give you ... but you do outgrew mine . adonis I do not come for advice . just want to tell you face to face . terrel nod . terrel do you win ? adonis nod . terrel smile . terrel ( cont 'd ) I will look for you , in the papers , and on espn . 29 29 17 . adonis I aint even get nothin’ set up out there . do not know if I ever will ... terrel hey . it aint like I do not get time . adonis alright man . terrel aight . they hang up they phone , and stand up on opposite side of the glass . adonis watch as terrel head back to the hallway . ext . clabsaddle front lawn - day 29 adonis , stand next to he car and several bag of luggage 29 hold a envelope full of cash . he 's stare at a craigslist customer ( 40' , Hispanic ) , who sit in the driver 's seat . he fire up the engine , toss a peace sign up to adonis , and drive off into the distance . kayla run out of the house towards he and grab he leg . adonis grab she back and squeeze she tight . he bend down to she . kayla be you ever come back ? adonis I be not sure . kayla how will we talk ? adonis we will use the computer . kayla be you gonna fight ? adonis yes . kayla you better win . adonis force a smile as the cab pull up . kayla head back towards the house , and he get in . 30 31 32 33 18. ext . philadelphia skyline - sunrise - six hour later 30 a commercial plane move along the horizon , with downtown Philadelphia 's skyscraper loom in the foreground . ext . adonis 's philadelphia apartment build 31 a yellow cab let adonis out at the corner . he look up at a sparce brick apartment complex . int . adonis 's apartment hallway 32 adonis stand next to he landlord ( filipina , 5as ) who find the key to he unit . landlady a lot of young people here , student , artist . not too many family . you 'il like it . adonis look down the hallway as a white guy get onto the elevator . at the last second a woman ( Black , 20 's long dreadlock , stun ) carry a subwoofer catch the elevator door . she get on , not notice adonis stare she down as the elevator close . he turn he attention back to the landlady , as she open he door . Series of shot - adonis have just finish move into a studio apartment - . it 's modest . adonis grab he phone , and exit . - adonis stand at the top of the Art Museum step , look up at the Rocky statue , the sun set behind it . int . adrian' restaurant 33 Rocky place large box onto a rack . frieda , the hostess , enter the narrow staircase and near the bottom see Rocky at the stove in discussion with the hispanic chef , and two kitchen worker . frieda Rocky ? Rocky turn towards the staircase . rocky yeah ? 34 19 . frieda there 's some guy who want to talk with ya . rocky kinda late ... frieda want I to tell he you already leave ? rocky I get it . int . adrian 's restaurant 34 upstair adonis stare at the many picture depict Rocky 's career . on the wall be he title belt too . his eye settle on a large dynamic painting of Rocky and Apollo , about to exchange blow . because of the hour , there be only four remain diner as usual , opera music be faintly hear . adonis hear heavy footstep come up the basement stair . his eye travel from the vibrant painting to Rocky appear at the top of the stair . Rocky remove he glass as he approach . adonis be slightly take aback by the '' present '' Rocky , and the colorful youthful image see on the painting . rocky how ya doin 's ? ( off adonis 's non - answer ) I hear you wanna talk to I ? adonis ( glance at the painting ) Painting 's cool ... who land first ? rocky that 's a secret ... Rocky notice the stitches . rocky ( cont 'd ) you a fighter , huh ? ( off adonis 's nod ) that from a punch or a butt . 20 . adonis butt . rocky terrible feel , you know ? like ya be kiss by a rock ... adonis I see a lot of you old fight . rocky do not ya get nothin better to do ? what 's ya name ? adonis adonis . everybody call I donnie though . rocky different - adonis I do not pick it . it 's greco - Roman . my grandfather have a name like that . rocky that 's nice - adonis I never meet he . but you do . rocky oh yeah ? adonis they say you never really know somebody till you fight they , so you probably know he better than anybody . Rocky do the math , while adonis look back towards the painting . rocky where you say you be from , kid ? adonis Los Angeles . Rocky stare . 35 21. rocky Apollo ? Apollo 's you grandfather ?! wait , he have two little girl and .. adonis Lisa . rocky Little Lisa ? you be Lisa 's kid ? have it be that long ... Rocky smile and cover he hand with he mouth . he can not believe it . then it hit he . rocky ( cont 'd ) what be you do fight ? adonis look around for a beat . adonis you think we could sit down somewhere and talk ? adrian' restaurant - later 35 everyone be go , only the back light be on . Rocky and adonis sit at a table . Rocky drink wine , adonis water . rocky Apollo be something that be like invent . have all the good stuff , heart , brain , power , forget it . hit so hard , you feel like you be on a rocket to planet pain . and he have this mental thing ... call it '' the Eye of the Tiger '' adonis Eye of the Tiger ? sound corny . rocky corny ? it save my life . the hunger , the drive . he could make thing happen out of nothing . he have be loose , then bam , one shot , one special move , now he 's win - it be magic . adonis then how have you beat he ? he 's ata 22. rocky it be just my time . he have win fifty fight . nobody stay strong forever . ( beat ) so why have you come here ? adonis I want you to train I . rocky train ya ? I be no trainer . adonis be my teacher , then . why should I have to go to some other lame , when we could keep it in the family . rocky family ? well ... loss for word . adonis you gotta miss it ... rocky miss it ? no . I get it all outta my system , and I do not look back . adonis why have you do it in the first place ? rocky I have nothin . less than nothin . adonis and it give you something , right ? and I be not talk about the money . rocky yeah it give I something . but it make I loose a lot of thing too . that 's the thing about box , it take more than it give , you know ? adonis can say that about life . ( beat ) look , it 's something inside of I , tell I I gotta do this . but I be miss something that can take I to the next level . ( more ) 23 . adonis ( cont 'd ) I think that 's you . you can show I how to do it right . rocky y’know - Apollo die in my hand . I watch my friend die , know I shoulda stop it . that be what it be ; now you be here . I do not want it . he would not either . adonis take this in . dig into he bag and pull out a vhs tape . he sit it down in front of Rocky . adonis bring you this , check it out , if you still get something that can play it . adonis stand up . adonis ( cont 'd ) I ’1ll be at you old gym tomorrow . check I out if you feel up to it . rocky sold that place , have not be there in year . he start towards the door , and on he way out he stop by the painting again . adonis so who land first ? rocky he do . adonis figure ... adonis exit as Rocky stare after the depart young man , try to make sense of it all . 36 int . adonis 's apartment - night 36 adonis lay on he back in he bed struggle to sleep as loud music can be hear in the room above he head . he pull the pillow from over he ear , and look up at the ceiling . 37 24 . int . apartment build hallway 37 adonis , now wear a T shirt and short , knock on the door that the music be come from . after a beat , the music stop . the door open , but be stop by the security chain , and bianca ( 20' , Black , dreadlock ) peek she head out and look at adonis with a confuse look . adonis look back catch off guard . it 's not who he expect to be there . she look at he , eyebrow raise . adonis snap out of it . adonis hey . bianca yeah ? adonis I just move in downstairs . bianca yeah ? adonis I can hear you music through the ceiling . bianca oh ! you must be right under I . adonis yeah . bianca that unit 's be empty for a while ... get use to it . adonis yeah , I gotta workout early in the morning ... so. bianca gotchu . you gotta wake up early and do ya jawn . ( mime do pushup ) keep you body tight ... I x11 turn the bass waay down you will not hear a peep . bianca close the door , almost in adonis 's face . 38 39 40 4l 25 . int . adonis 's apartment — moment later 38 adonis lay down on he back look up at the ceiling . the music still play , but so quietly that he have to strain to hear it . ext . rocky 's house - morning 39 on the same street Rocky 's row house blend in with all the other . the door lead to the tiny back yard open , and Rocky exit . dress in modest , out of style clothing , and a old sweatshirt , he sit down on the top step and look at the incredibly old , crack heavy bag that still hang from its rusted chain . he sip coffee from a mug and think . int . mickey 's gym - day 40 several fighter warm up inside . adonis walk past a small six year old fighter sit at the edge of the ring , put on he hand wrap . adonis turn to the larger ring , where leo '' the assassin '' sporino JR . ( 20' italian american ) work drill with he father '' pistol '' pete sporino ( 40s italian ) who still look like he may have a couple of fight leave in he . above the ring a large banner read '' 2012 Golden glove Champion Leo '' the assassin '' sporino Jr. . Leo 's entourage look on . int . mickey 's gym - moment later 4l adonis and sporino talk ringside , between round . sporino the membership be $ 50 dollar a month . you get unlimited access to the gym , and all the equipment . you with a trainer ? adonis not yet . sporino you amateur ? adonis pro. sporino oh yeah ? where you from ? 42 43 26 . adonis LA . sporino Hollywood ! ( beat ) which gym ? I know all that guy . this stop adonis in he track . adonis more self teach than anything . sporino self teach ... pro ... ( long beat ) well most member just work themselves out . for a extra $ 20 a month . I can give you drill , and check in with you when I can . you want to do that ? adonis nod . moment later - we find adonis in the corner , do step and punch on air , next to the six year old fighter , and a couple of other young boxer . he look over at Leo work drill , envious . ext . philadelphia STREET - night 42 adonis walk down the sidewalk , look around , question if he make the right move come out to Philly . as he approach a building , he see a line of hipster , mostly black stand outside . hip - hop music play from inside . he keep walk : not he type of crowd , but as he pass the window , he see that stop he in he track . he look back at the line , and head towards it . the camera track over to reveal a large flyer with a photo of bianca on it . int . penn cafe - moment later 43 adonis , hold a beer , stand in the back of the crowd watch bianca finish up she set . bianca this last song , be for anyone who have ever have they heart break . 44 27 . the house band start , and bianca close she eye , move to the beat . she sing , with a beautiful edge to she voice . adonis watch she closely , she open they and they seem to catch eye . int . penn cafe - moment later 44 adonis watch the musician pack up . we see he Pov : bianca give the guitarist a hug . she walk over to the bar , and the bartender hand over she purse from behind the counter . adonis wussup , neighbor . bianca look up and see adonis , recognize he immediately . she turn back to she purse . put the pack of cigarettes back inside . bianca workout boy . I think that be you . adonis smile this off . adonis Nice show . bianca ( disinterested ) thanks . adonis yeah ... can I buy you a drink ? bianca no. adonis wussup , you do not drink ? bianca I drink . I be just not drink with you . adonis why not ? bianca Cause I know you type . adonis my type ? 28 . bianca the type who hit the gym in the morning and pick up broad in bar at night . she 's get he , he try to regroup . adonis I be not try to pick you up , I be extend a olive branch ... last night , I do not know you be ... bianca work ? adonis yeah . ( beat ) and I do not just go to the gym for the hell of it ... I be a boxer . bianca look at he for a quick beat . bianca a boxer , like pro ? adonis yeah . bianca I think boxer be not suppose to drink . adonis look down at he cup . adonis I be off the clock . bianca oh ... ( check the time on she phone ) well I be not ... see you around . she head off . adonis wait ... she 's already too far to hear he . adonis look down at he drink , then around the club . 45 46 47 48 49 29 . int . adonis 's apartment — night 45 adonis sit on he back , video chat with kayla on he ipad . he say goodnight to she and hang up . just as bianca 's music start up again . adonis listen for a bit . then give up on any chance of sleep , and roll out of bed and start do pushup . int . BT convention CENTER / backstage - day 46 it 's a packed house - a sellout crowd have gather the around the weigh - in stage . a banner read : porter versus wheeler : fight of the century . wheeeler and porter , wear only black brief , approach each other for the stare down . nose to nose , the two mumble threat at each other , until porter push he forehead against wheeler 's face . wheeler give he a hard shove back and , wham ! porter crack wheeler across he face with a right , crumpling he . a melee break out as both camp descend on each other . freeze frame on the chaos espn anchor ( v.o. ) that be the scene earlier today at the weigh in for the porter - wheeler fight . int . mickey 's gym - day 47 we pull back to reveal adonis and a few other patron watch sportscenter in between round . espn anchor wheeler , who suffer a break jaw in the fight , and have already announce plan to sue both porter , and the wbc . adonis go back over to the heavy bag , and work drill away from all of the action of sporino , Leo , and they entourage . int . adonis 's apartment - night 48 adonis pace he apartment , bored . bianca 's music can be hear from upstairs . he walk over to he kitchen and look inside of the refrigerator - nothing but bachelor food . he look up at he ceiling . int . adonis 's apartment hallway - 49 adonis knock on bianca 's door . this time she do not stop the music , and just open the door and stare at he blankly . 30 . adonis I have be hearing you up here work for a while . ( beat ) I be wonder if , you want to grab a bite ? bianca look at he suspiciously . bianca you ask I out on a date ? or be you extend another olive branch ? adonis I be ask you if you be hungry . ( beat ) I know how I be when I be focus . sometimes I forget to eat ... it 's not a date ... bianca stare at he . then look back into she room . bianca I can not do more than a hour . where do you want to go ? adonis I be hope you could tell I . maybe we go somewhere in you hood . bianca my hood ? ( beat ) you sure you ready for that ? adonis nod . bianca smile . ext . west PHILLY STREET corner - night 50 adonis follow bianca closely as they walk towards a florescent soak chinese food Restaurant on a gritty , graffiti stain street corner . several young , tough look , kid stand outside on the street , stare adonis down . adonis where be we right now ? bianca West Philly . 31 . adonis so this be why the Fresh Prince 's mom send he to bel Air . bianca chuckle at this . 51 int . chinese food restaurant -— PHILLY 51 it 's a gritty restaurant . graffiti stain window , mostly African - american patron , chinese american staff serve the register . we find bianca and adonis sit down near a window , tear into they food with they chopstick . bianca I be come to this jawn since I be a kid . my parent own a store a couple block over . she scrape piece of general chicken onto he plate . adonis what 's a jawn ? bianca jawn ... that 's Philly for anything . ( point out each item of food ) see this , be jawn . this be jawn . that shirt you be wear , that 's a jawn . adonis smile at he cultural tour guide . adonis you get a dude ? bianca shake she head . bianca too much go on right now . do not have the time . adonis book a lot of show ? bianca nod . bianca need about 5 a month just to pay the rent . also make a ton of music . ( more ) 32 . bianca ( cont 'd ) tryna finish this ep by next week . get a shot at open for rihanna adonis Word , be that a big one ? bianca huge , all the big act from here play there first . Jill , legend , the root ... adonis that 's wussup ! bianca it 's a long shot . adonis I get faith in you . ( beat ) how long have you be sing ? bianca since I be young ... how long have you be box ? adonis I have be box pro for like two year . bianca look at he . bianca you do not seem like a boxer to I . you look like one , you know ... but be not most boxer 's like ... adonis what ? bianca Street ? not say you be a square ... but how have you get into to do this ? adonis look at she for a long beat . decide whether or not to tell she the truth . adonis I have a lot of anger issue when I be young . something about box always calm I down . she look at he , see he a bit differently now . bianca why you come out here ? adonis I get like a uncle out here who be a real dope boxer . try to get he to train I . bianca he do not want to ? adonis shake he head . bianca ( cont 'd ) you seem pretty convincing to I . I think you will get he to come around . adonis I do not know ... bianca just be honest with he . adonis what do you mean . bianca do you want he to train you because he he be a good boxer ... or do you want he to train you because he 's you family ? adonis because he 's my family , I guess . bianca come at he like that . adonis think on this . adonis when be you next show ? I wanna come and support . bianca you do not gotta do that . adonis too late . first show be too dope ... I be a groupie now . bianca smile at adonis for a bit , try to figure he out . he look down at the food , notice its all go . 34 . adonis ( cont 'd ) well . should we blow this jawn ? bianca nod and they get up . 52 int . bus - night —- moment later 52 adonis and bianca sit next to each other on the bus riding back . bianca fall asleep . adonis slowly put he arm around she . just as it touch she , she wake up , and he subtly play it off . he smile . 53 int . adonis 's apartment hallway - 53 adonis walk bianca to the door of she apartment . bianca stop at she door and turn around . bianca thanks for the food . good night . adonis you gonna work some more ? bianca i’1ll use the headphone , do not worry . adonis naw , I be gonna see if it be cool to come in and listen . bianca ha . you move fast , do not you ? adonis smile , take the loss . adonis I only get one gear ... good night . bianca nite . she open the door and go inside . adonis head down the hall . bianca pop back out of the door . bianca ( cont 'd ) what 's you name . adonis oh , donnie . 35 . bianca I need you government . for the guest list . I gotta a show Friday night at the luxe . no pressure . adonis pause for a moment . adonis adonis Johnson . bianca chuckle at this . bianca seriously ? that 's a practical joke of a name . might as well be name guapo . adonis do not . my mom have I young . it 's a long story . bianca alright , adonis . I will put you down . adonis see you then . 54 int . ring mickey 's gym - day 54 tito ( Hispanic , 20 ) , Leo 's sparring partner stand in the corner of the ring where CUT men attempt to stop he nose from bleed . tito I can still go ... CUT man we can not stop it . sporino Jesus . take he out of here ... ( look around for another person ) Hollywood ! adonis look up . sporino ( cont ’d ) ( under he breath to Leo ) say he 's pro ... ( to adonis ) let 's go , it 's you lucky day . 55 56 57 36 . int . ring - mickey' gym - moment later 55 adonis adjust he headgear , try to warm up . in the other corner , Leo stand already good to go . the bell sound , and the fighter head towards each other . adonis come out with a lot of bounce , evasive but Leo , focus and methodical , quickly cut the ring off on he and begin to punish he with jab and hook to the body . int . mickey 's gym - back 56 a door unlock and open in the back corner of the gym , away from the commotion of the ring , and Rocky step in key in hand . he 's dress even more modestly than usual , as he walk towards the commotion of the sparring match , hang back , out of sight . int . ring - continuous 57 adonis be lean up against the rope , he back to Rocky , cage up against a all out barrage of hook from Leo . sporino c’mon Hollywood , let see that West Coast swag . he lean back on the rope and counter , the first one land , but Leo duck the second and land a three hit combo on adonis 's head . the last one send he to a knee . Leo back off hold he hand up in the air . leo pro , what ? get I another one , pop ! adonis try to shake off the blow , and he look outside the ring and catch eye with , Rocky . who look back at adonis with a worried look . almost on - sight , adonis stand up . he bang he glove together . adonis come 's on . I think philly be tough , they love tap , boy ! Leo turn around to adonis . rage in he eye . he come at adonis swinging hard . adonis duck the punch , and counter with two hard leave jab to he nose , each one snap he head back . Leo stumble back , then counter with a hook to adonis 's gut . 58 37 . the round buzzer sound and adonis back off , but Leo come forward want more . blood trickle out of he leave nostril . leo come 's on ! sporino come into the ring and quickly step between the two fighter . sporino Hollywood , you be good for the day . he grab Leo 's face , look at he nose . leo naw , let we keep rockin . sporino chill out . what be you gonna have World War III in a sparring session ... adonis turn back to where Rocky be stand , and find : no one . he bite at he glove tape , deject . ext . adrian' restaurant -— night 58 Rocky be see turn out the light , then exit . he begin to cross the street when he hear a familiar voice . adonis ( 0.s. ) why have you leave ? rocky whatya doin out here ? adonis take a walk ... that be you at the gym , right ? rocky yeah that be I . have to get back to some thing here . adonis why do not you stay . rocky I have see enough . ( beat ) see you take punch in there , bring back memory . not so good one , you know ? 38 . adonis what be I do wrong ? rocky I do not know ... ( beat ) off the top of my head ... you can not lean on the rope against a fighter like that ... tall like . you drop you weight , and spin keep he close . go right through he . adonis look at Rocky for a long beat . adonis see ... that 's what I be talk about ... you have get all this knowledge in there ... ( point to Rocky 's head ) but you sell spaghetti ? walk around here like a ghost ? Rocky look down . adonis ( cont 'd ) mickey ... he train you right ? and my grandpa , and Duke ? it 's selfish of you not to give back . especially with we be like family . rocky why you keep say that , kid . adonis what ? rocky family ... we just meet . adonis but you and my grandpa be like brother right ? Rocky sigh . adonis ( cont 'd ) he die and leave I with a bunch of people that do not get I . but I think he would have . and I know you do . rocky I do not get you , kid . boxing the worst sport there be . ( more ) 59 39 . rocky ( cont 'd ) people slap you on the back , tell ya how great you be , but up they three step ... scariest place in the world . just you , and another guy who want to bury you . you do not want that to be you life . ( beat ) it 's for people whose life can not get no worse . people with no choice . ( beat ) just talk to you , I can tell you be smart . ya get choice kid . adonis quickly move closer to Rocky . almost size he up . adonis look at I . Rocky posture a bit . rocky what be you talk about , I be look at you . adonis look in my eye . adonis move even closer , the two stand off , like two fighter before a 12 round bout . adonis ( cont 'd ) you talk about choice . I make my choice . I be need this . tell I you do not see it in my eye . they stare each other down for a beat . adonis turn away . adonis ( cont 'd ) ( without turn around ) watch that tape , man ... he head off down the street , leave Rocky with he thought . int . rocky 's house - basement 59 it 's what 's leave of Rocky 's man - cave . mostly a storage space . Rocky sit on a old incline weight bench , in front of the small television and vcr . 60 40 . we see that he be look down at the tape that adonis give he . he take a deep breath , turn the television on and put the tape into the vcr . on the screen - grainy footage of the televise first fight between Apollo creed and Rocky . the tape pick up the fight between round , close - up footage back to rocky who look at the footage , almost as if watch people he do not recognize . we hear the bell , and the round begin . a subtle memory come over he eye . he stand up , parallel with he young self in the fight , and start to mirror he old movement ... int . mickey 's gym - next morning 60 sporino take Leo through a weightlifting routine in the corner of the gym . he look up at the entrance and notice Rocky , walk through the door . and people aklowledge he presence . sporino champ . rocky how ya doin . the two embrace . sporino do not know you be comin’ by . rocky I either . place look okay . sporino yeah I do what I can . sporino call Leo over . spornio here 's my kid I be tell you about . I do not know if you guy ever have a chance to meet , but he 's the next big thing outta here . ( sotto voce ) option 's still open , should you want to get involved ... Leo and Rocky shake hand . 41. rocky how ya doin . leo it 's a honor , champ . Rocky spot adonis step out of the dress room , already sweat from hour of training . he spot Rocky talk to sporino and Leo . adonis unc. Rocky lift he head at adonis . sporino and Leo 's snap around . they jaw hit the floor . adonis ( cont 'd ) you make it . rocky be in the neighborhood . sporino how do you know Hollywood ? adonis it 's donnie ... and I be a good friend of the family . sporino you guy work together ? adonis I do not know ... ( to Rocky ) be we ? Rocky shrug . a uncomfortable silence between the four of they . sporino you guy let I know if you need anything . he and Leo head back over to the weight , stare at Rocky and adonis . Rocky and adonis start towards the bag . rocky you do not tell they who you be ? adonis shake he head . 61 42 . adonis I do not wanna go broadcasting that . keep it between we , you know . Rocky nod . rocky so , you ready to roll ? training montage 1 61 a . Dawn - we see the dun rise in the mist , over the industrial landscape of Philadelphia . B. schuykill River - Dawn . we see adonis run along the majestic river . vapor expel from he mouth on this brisk morning . we see Rocky watch from a vantage point along the adjacent road . behind he be the van . rocky keep up the pace !! as adonis move on , the city outline be see loom before he . c . int. gym Rocky be see hold the bag as adonis pound away . under the music we can faintly hear Rocky give instruction . rocky ( cont 'd ) a hundred a round . sporino look on , as do Leo who shadow box in front of a stain mirror . D. adonis have just complete wrapping he knee as he leap up from the floor to the 2nd step lead into the box ring . he do this repetitively as Rocky keep count . E. bianca 's concert adonis stand in the front row , while bianca rock the crowd . she eye he as she perform . f. Rocky Home Rocky be again study the old film of he and Apollo box . it seem to be affirm he belief in Apollo and he grandson . G. int. gym 43 . Rocky have adonis perform a unusual task . hitting the heavy bag with he shoulder , no hand . adonis be drip sweat . H. ext. Street - night it be quite cold as adonis run through the desert South Philly marketplace . he pass by Rocky , who stand beside he van . i. hogie shop - night . adonis stand with bianca as they have they cheese steak dinner in the famous Pat 's cheesesteak . people watch as they share bite of each other 's sandwich and share a playful kiss . J. int. gym adonis be do one arm pushup in the ring . people look on , especially sporino and Leo . rocky ( cont 'd ) time ! adonis when we gonna spar ? rocky when ya ready , K. int. bianca 's apartment - night the clock read 4:15 be as she look out the window ... down below she see adonis get into Rocky 's van and depart . L. ext. desert backyard - Morning adonis look at a pait of chicken stand nervously in front of he and Rocky . adonis man , seriously ? rocky Old school - go ! adonis start after the flee chicken , and surprisingly quickly snatch one up . adonis Old school out ! 62 44 , rocky chicken be slow down ... int . mickey 's gym - two week later 62 adonis , now wear he glove , throw the leave jab against weathered , horizontal heavy bag . Rocky stand behind he , watch the impact of each punch . the end of round bell sound . adonis sit down , try to catch he breath . rocky you rest on you foot . he pop up as sporino approach Rocky . sporino kid 's lookin’ good . rocky we get a way to go ... adonis walk over . sporino ( to adonis ) whattya weigh right now ? adonis 180 , why ? sporino ( to Rocky ) if he could get down to a buck 75 in a month , we might be able to put something together ( to adonis ) if you be interested that be . adonis Hell yeah , I be interested - rocky ( to adonis ) hey , you do the fightin’ alright ? Rocky walk sporino out of earshot of adonis . rocky ( cont 'd ) you talkin about go up against you kid ? 63 45 . sporino he could use a fight to keep warm . and people will come out to see you in the corner again . we could get it do at the Blue Horizon . make a few buck for everybody . Rocky think on this . rocky I be just start to get use to this kid be around , know what I mean ? sporino yeah but he 's hungry . let he eat . think about it , rock . lemmie know by tomorrow . sporino pat Rocky on the shoulder and walk away . ext . micky 's gym - dusk 63 adonis and Rocky , just finish up they workout , walk towards Rocky 's van . adonis you do not think I can beat he ? rocky he fight golden glove , open class a win it - adonis I fight a guy who win glove in Mexico . rocky you win ? adonis Close enough ... ( beat ) thing get rough in Mexico , trust I . with you training I , I know I can take this guy , unc. trust I . ( italian gangster voice ) let I make you a offer you can not refuse . Rocky shake he head at this . 46 . adonis ( cont 'd ) we take this match . and I get six week to get in shape . i’1l do whatever it take , and if at the end of six week , you do not think I be ready : call it off . Rocky scratch he head . adonis ( cont 'd ) I do not fly 3,000 mile from home to play around . this be what I be here for . I will go 24 / 7 with this shit . matter of fact , we can stop play around , we can go to crib throw all my stuff in the van right now . rocky for what ? adonis we can take it to you place . that 's how camp be right ? you live with the trainer ... old school . let 's go , right now . rocky slow down . it 's be some time since there 's be other people at the house , since my brother - in Law pass away . might be uncomfortble for ya . adonis be it haunt ? rocky course not . adonis I will be alright then , let 's roll . ext . adonis 's philadelphia apartment 64 Rocky sit in the driver 's seat while adonis load the last of he stuff into the back . he walk around the sidewalk and look up at bianca , who sit in she second story bedroom window watch he . bianca you sure you do not need any help ? i’1ll put this gun to use . 47 . she flexe she biceps . adonis smile and shake he head . adonis done now . bianca ( sarcastiacally ) darn . adonis knock on the hood of the car . get Rocky 's attention . adonis come meet my ... my neighbor . Rocky get out of the van and take a look at bianca . rocky how ya doin - somebody forget to gimmie ya name . Rocky walk over to the sidewalk . adonis bianca , this be my uncle I be tell you about . bianca squint she eye at Rocky for a beat . bianca he 's White ... rocky yeah , there be that ... bianca point at Rocky . bianca Holy shit ... be you Rocky balboa ! rocky yeah . listen I be just helpin’ he out . anytime you wanna drop in , if he aint trainin it 'il be okay . adonis I 'il call you . bianca yeah ... I will not hold my breath ... she flash a smile , Rocky blow she a kiss , and do a phony bow . adonis throw she a peace sign . 65 66 67 48. she playfully roll she eye and close the window on he . they jump in the van and blast off . int . rocky 's house - night 65 adonis and Rocky move box into a vacant room . Rocky struggle with one , grow tired and sit it down . rocky ( rub he back ) you do not ever want a bad back . adonis I get it adonis pick up where Rocky leave off . he come out of the room and see photo and sign of paulie everywhere . Old booze bottle , bar sign , and vintage playboys mag . adonis ( cont 'd ) this you brother - law 's room ? Rocky nod . rocky paulie . adonis look at the sagging bed . adonis guess he spend alot of time in here . adonis leap on it , and stretch out . adonis ( cont 'd ) still comfy though . ext . philadelphia skyline - day 66 the sun rise over the city . a garbage man collect trash on the street corner . int . rocky 's house - adonis 's room - early morning 67 adonis sleep in a bed in the spare bedroom . the spinner play from old record player speaker , pump to the max . adonis snap up and check he phone : 3:45 be . he look up to see Rocky , fully dress sing and dance along to the music . 68 69 49 . ext . rocky 's house - ass crack of dawn 68 Rocky and adonis walk up to the van . rocky I be take you to another gym in North Philly . tough joint . very difficult . they take no crap there . kinda what Apollo do with I . Rocky get in . adonis try the passenger side door and it do not open . adonis knock on the window , Rocky roll it down . adonis can ya unlock the door ? rocky you be gonna run . I be antique , so I will just be drivin 's along side keepin company . adonis how far away be the new gym ? rocky Close enough . he fire up the engine , and start roll down the street . adonis run along side of he . int . joe hand boxing gym - continuo 69 the gym be the roughest that we have see so far . the guy be already in there work . we find Rocky introduce adonis ( who look like he just run a marathon ) to he team : joe hand III ( 5as , Black , own the gym ) , amir hand ( 20' , Black , Joe 's Son same build as adonis ) , marcel ( 60 , hispanic , short and stocky , glass ) . they size adonis up with excitement . Rocky point to Joe . rocky this be Joe . we go way back . spare a little , fight some of the best . get alotta knowledge in here . Joe shake hand with adonis . joe champ tell I a lot about you . excite to help get you ready . ( point to marcel ) ( more ) 70 50 . joe ( cont 'd ) this be marcel , the best cut man in Philly . ( point to amir ) and this my son , amir , who 's gonna be help you out with sparring . adonis shake hand with marcel and amir . int . joe hand boxing gym - a hour later 70 Rocky and adonis work the hand bag , while amir , Joe , and marcel look on . adonis punch from a flamboyant stance , hand low . every so many punch , Rocky swing at adonis 's head with the hand bag . but adonis duck and dodge out of the way , leave Rocky just miss he . rocky hand up ... keep you hand up ! Rocky swing on he again , fast as he can , but still miss . adonis smile . Rocky stop . rocky ( cont 'd ) amir . amir jog over . amir sup rock ? Rocky take off the hand bag , and hand they to amir . he subtly lean forward to he . rocky I be takin a break . ( sotto voce ) yo , make he keep he hand up , know what I mean ? amir nod . and walk over to adonis . rocky ( cont 'd ) same drill , but forget gravity , and keep they up , even higher . they start . the pace of the drill be twice as fast as it be with Rocky , then amir swing , and wham ! he catch adonis in the side of the face with the handbag . adonis cut amir a look . 51 . rocky ( cont 'd ) hey ! nobody say stop and give look . let 's go ! they start again , and wham ! adonis be catch again even harder this time . adonis ( threaten ) watch my eye , bruh ! rocky you suppose to watch you own eye . keep movin ! the drill start again and after a few exchange , amir swing once , adonis duck it but when he come up he be catch by another swing , smack right into he leave eye . adonis explode , and shove amir in he chest , send he back fifteen foot . adonis I tell you homie ! take the glove off ! adonis rip off he glove and square up with amir , who stare at he like he 's crazy . adonis ( cont 'd ) let 's go homie ! amir look at Rocky and at he dad , and calmly take the bag off he hand . he hand they to Rocky . amir call I when this dude be ready to train , man . amir head over to the other side of the gym . Rocky pull adonis to the other side of the gym . rocky yo , what the hell be you do ? adonis that dude be try to take real shot at I , I do not play that shit . 52 . rocky y'know , ya tell people stuff like , do not touch that fire , cause it burn . and lo and behold , they do it anyway . guess what , some people just gotta learn the hard way . now this Leo guy aint superman , but he 's get fast combos that will punch hole in ya face , if ya do not keep ya hand up ! adonis take this in . rocky ( cont 'd ) now go apologize to he . adonis look off . rocky ( cont 'd ) apologize to he , now , or I walk . adonis take a long beat , then begrudgingly walk over to amir . adonis my bad bro , I take a nasty butt to my eye , never heal right . amir it 's all good , bro , happen to the best of we . just keep they jawn up when you roll , like this . amir show adonis what he be talk about . adonis mirror it . amir ( cont 'd ) and I 'il watch the eye . joe hand you two kiss and make up ? ( beat ) now back to work ! 71 int . joe hand boxing gym - moment later 71 Series of shot with Rocky talk over they . rocky keep reversing they gear - you keep come forward . be outside , then close the gap . be ready to jump in he pocket ! 72 53. adonis shadow box with amir , both wear hand wrap . angle on they foot as they step , replace and pivot with large rubber band bind they ankle together . adonis hit the heavy bag . rocky ( cont 'd ) good , straighter . work that jab ! every fighter must have a jab ! stich and hook , catch a punch and let a punch go , nail the guy ... adonis spar with amir rocky ( cont 'd ) Close that fist ! Close it , good or you be slappin , and slappin do not cut it ! adonis and amir shadow box . rocky ( cont 'd ) everything be impossible without footwork !!! in and out , side to side , back and forth , it 's what will take you in for the kill , and take you out of trouble . adonis punch at the mirror , 51lb dumbbell in each hand . adonis work the heavy bag , throw three jab and then a right . Rocky and Joe look on . joe hand okay shape , damn fast hand . but I do not know what 's in here yet ( point at he chest ) do not know about that at all . rocky only one way to find out about that . int . joe hand boxing gym - night - hour later 72 Joe , amir , and marcel head out , call it a night . Rocky and adonis be still hard at work . adonis throw punch at Rocky , who wear focus mitt on each hand , and a body bag . rocky you gotta bring it back to protect ! bring it back ! 73 54 . the end of round buzzer go off . rocky ( cont 'd ) Nice , take a break . adonis be gass . Rocky , start to exit the ring , but start to feel sick . he go over to the garbage can , and dry heave . adonis unc , you alright ? rocky I be fine , keep work . adonis do not . Rocky turn away from the can , and start back towards he and he leg seem to give out from under he . smack ! he fall down to the ground . adonis shit ! adonis sprint over . adonis ( cont 'd ) you okay ? Rocky , piss with himself , nod . rocky yeah . just a little dizzy . come and go , no big deal , really . adonis naw man . that shit do not look right , we be go to the doctor . rocky the doctor for what ? adonis help Rocky to he foot with he free hand . Rocky stand up , but he leg give out again . int . philadelphia hospital - night 73 Rocky sit on the edge of the hospital bed in a gown . he look piss off . adonis lean up against the wall across from he . the door open and dr . shahani ( mid 30 , indian woman ) walk in hold a clipboard . 55 . dr . shahani Mr. balboa ! how be you feel ? rocky nervous . when be the doc come in ? adonis make a face like he 's about to see a car accident . dr . shahani actually , I be the doctor . rocky sorry . ( to adonis ) doctor have change . she turn to adonis . dr . shahani and you be ... adonis his nephew . I be just here to make sure he do not sneak out of the window before you show up . ( beat ) I will be outside . Dr. shahani chuckle at this . Rocky do not . adonis leave the room . dr . shahani so what bring you in to we ? rocky probably nothin- the kid see I get sick , and sorta fall a little . Dr. shahani nod at this . dr . shahani be that the first time you have fall ? Rocky shake he head . dr . shahani ( cont 'd ) any other symptom ? rocky get tired sometimes , but that 's normal in life , right ? 74 56 . dr . shahani you appetite ? Rocky shake he head . rocky medium ... I would say . dr . shahani well you have a history of head trauma . and some of the symptom you describe be consistent with dimentia pugilistica . ( off Rocky 's look ) but what have I worried be the loss of appetite , and the vomit . we should run some test . rocky I be sure you get allotta people really needin you help . I be good , really . you should check out somebody else . dr . shahani I believe we should do it now , just to be on the safe side . rocky gotta be fast , okay ? I and that kid , we get allota work to do . int . hospital waiting room - next morning 74 adonis sit in the wait room asleep . Rocky walk in with a slight limp ( from the muscle biopsy ) . he wake adonis up . rocky all do kid . let 's go . adonis pop up . adonis shit . what time be it ? rocky I do not know ... adonis we go home ? rocky no , we be go to the gym . 75 76 57 . they walk side by side , down the hospital hallway . super : fight night akbar versus . johnson int . blue horizon -— continuous 75 the air be electric in the pack house . two welterweight boxer move around in the ring . it be a intimately design space , with a upper level of rowdy fan , that seem to sit right on top of the ring . the crowd be mix , mostly Black and italian though , and stand room only . we reveal that we be look at the gym from adonis 's Pov , stare out beyond the door of he locker room . rocky ( 0.s. ) one more . adonis turn back into - int . blue horizon - challenger locker room - continuous 76 adonis square up with Rocky , who take he through a complicated series of combination . adonis nail they with pinpoint accuracy . Joe , amir , marcel , and bianca look on . rocky ( to adonis ) listen , what you do here be forever . it 's part of ya history . you can not change it , so use everything I believe ya get . keep that jab constantly on he . hit , and not get hit . Joe , can ya warm he up ? Joe hand step forward with the focus mitt . Rocky glance into the hallway and spot sporino , who motion for he to come and talk . as Rocky get closer , we see sporino look like the cat who eat the canary . rocky ( cont 'd ) what go on ? sporino I know there have to be something with this kid . I mean , I try to get you to come work with we for year . and this Hollywood kid just bring you out of the shadow ? 77 58. rocky whattaya gettin at ? sporino I make some call to LA . aint no donnie Johnson . kid 's name be adonis . kid 's creed 's blood . Rocky sigh deeply . sporino ( cont ’d ) ( smile ) fight just get big time ... rocky yo , the kid tryna make it on he own name . do not tell anybody . sporino ( without turn around ) secret 's safe with I ... Rocky int . blue horizon - ring - continuous 77 adonis and Leo meet in the middle of the ring , the ref between they , they corner behind they . referee touch they up ! adonis touch glove with Leo , and head back to he corner . Joe , amir , and marcel head out of the ring . Rocky turn back to face adonis , he grab he by the face and pull he close . rocky it 's you now okay ? it 's all you , this be what you have be wait for . I be gonna be right here . adonis nod , intensely . Rocky step out of the ring and look back . adonis turn around , and the SOUND of the crowd fade out for a bit , while he look and see that only he , Leo , and the referee remain in the ring . Leo look at adonis , bounce , look relaxed and focus . ding ! ding ! the noise of the stadium rush back as the fighter head towards each other , come within arm reach right in the middle of the ring . they stop and posture , Leo in perfect stance . 78 59 . he throw the first punch , a stiff leave jab , adonis block it and send one back , Leo duck it and catch adonis clean with two counter . sporino Nice ! Nice ! adonis quickly shake off the hit and grab he . the ref come in . referee alright , break it up , break it up . the fighter back up , and then the ref send they back at each other . adonis bounce in on Leo , send out a couple of jab . Leo block all of they , and send a couple back at adonis , adonis duck the first few and try to counter with a leave jab , Leo slip it , and get adonis into the corner . he begin send shot after shot at adonis . adonis dodge a few of they , and try to do a hard slip to the right , when blam ! he be catch flush in the side of the head by a leave hook from Leo . adonis be wobble by this . the crowd explode and Leo raise he fist to show the crowd that he be about to finish he off . rocky tie he up , and bang he on the rope ! adonis do just that . rocky ( cont 'd ) the body now ! touch the body ! adonis jab three time to work he way in . Leo throw a big right , which adonis slip beautifully , and drive a hard wide leave hook to the rib . Leo emit a audible grunt of pain . Leo be hurt , as he spin out , adonis throw a five punch combo as the bell ring . int . adonis 's corner - blue horizon ring - continuous 78 Joe Hand flip the chair over for adonis to sit down into it . adonis sit down and Rocky take out he mouthpiece . marcel work on the right side of he face with a ice pack . adonis what do you think ? rocky very good , what do you think ? 79 60 . adonis I be gonna move around a little . till my head clear . rocky I like what you be do . get ya sense back , then drop ya leave below he radar , and come up with a shovel hook . if you see the openin , park ya right on he chin . you grandfather drop I with that combo . Works very good . adonis nod . Rocky put he mouthpiece back in and adonis stand up . the team jump out of the ring . ding ! ding ! adonis punch he glove together and take off . int . ring - blue horizon 79 adonis and Leo approach each other and begin to circle . adonis keep he right hand cocked creep up on Leo with more patience . two quick jab from Leo , but adonis slip both of they . he continue to creep in - patient , not bounce like before . he take a quick jab at Leo , who sidestep it and reverse he foot , cornere adonis . he send rapid shot at adonis , who go into defense mode , caging up . Leo fake back off , and then come in with a rapid fire combo . adonis narrowly slip the hard leave of Leo . rocky take it ! adonis go for the combo , drop he leave low , fake the right , and bring up the shovel hook , drive Leo 's chin upward , and bang , a piledrive right land with audible force . Leo crumble . adonis back off , right hand still cocked as the ref run in wave he hand , ko . the ref wave he hand - tko adonis quickly raise he hand and run to the corner . Rocky lift he hand and run into the ring . rocky ( cont 'd ) Way to go , kid ! that be something ! adonis we get they , unc . we get they . 80 81 61 . Leo 's team rush into the ring to aid he . sporino eyeing Rocky . int . ringside seat — blue horizon 80 bianca jump out of she seat , rush through the crowd , and into the ring . she embrace adonis , elate . Leo come back to he sense . adonis whooo , let 's tear this city up ! int . live room - rocky 's house 81 adonis and bianca sit on the couch next to Rocky watch skyfall . all of they look super sleepy . bowl of Ice cream be everywhere . bianca lean on adonis 's chest . Rocky do a sleepy head droop , then stand up . rocky I be gonna call it a night . congratulation , kid . he walk down the hallway , and come back with a blanket that he place over adonis and bianca . adonis thanks unc . rocky no problem . he go to the back of the house . bianca turn to adonis . she whisper . bianca hey . adonis open he eye , and look at bianca . bianca ( cont 'd ) I make something for you . adonis oh yeah ? bianca nod . bianca Close you eye . 82 62. adonis close he eye . and bianca pull out she headphone and place they in he ear . adonis smile , try to peek . bianca ( cont 'd ) keep they close . she press play on she phone and a beautiful , haunting song start to play . we hear it as adonis do , all encompass . bianca 's voice start . adonis keep he eye close affect by this . bianca watch he closely . adonis open he eye . and kiss she . she straddle he , keep they face close . int . rocky 's kitchen - next morning 82 Rocky , adonis and bianca make breakfast together . the local News play on the tv in the live room . on screen , we see a newscaster stand in front of the Blue Horizon gym . local newscaster local box fan get a blast from the past when Rocky balboa make a return the ring last night . this time , as a trainer . balboa be in the corner of adonis Johnson , a otherwise unknown light heavyweight middleweight , who defeat local bronze medalist Leo sporino , with a second round tko . bianca 's eye grow wide with excitement , and she rush into the live room , follow by Rocky and adonis . local newscaster ( cont ’d ) but thing take a dramatic twist on report that Johnson be the biologic grandson of Apollo creed the late great heavyweight champion , and close friend of Rocky balboa . bianca turn to adonis , shock in she eye . adonis look back at she - bust . she head back into the live room and grab she thing . adonis wait . she head out of the door . Rocky look on at the news as adonis follow they out . 83 63. ext . philadelphia STREET - day 83 bianca walk briskly while adonis try to catch up . adonis slow down ... she walk faster . adonis ( cont 'd ) hey . adonis try to grab she hand , but bianca pull away and continue to walk . she go to the corner and try to catch a cab . the cab pull up , adonis push past bianca and close the door , tell the driver to take off . bianca try to catch another one . adonis ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? bianca go home . adonis why ? what you trippin for ? bianca be you seriously ask I that ? ( beat ) I make love to you last night ... and then I turn on the news and find out you have be lie to I . you have any idea how that make I feel ? do you even care ? adonis I do not lie to you . bianca I distinctly remember ask why you be a fighter . that would have be the perfect time to say , '' you know , I be related to the most famous boxer who ever live ... '' adonis search for a answer . adonis people look at I different when they know . I do not want you look at I like that . 64 . bianca I be not people ... I do not care about that kind of shit . I care about you keep it 100 with I . adonis alright . from here on out , 100 percent honest and up front . just come back to the house with I . bianca roll she eye at this . adonis ( cont 'd ) I be serious ! on my grandfather 's grave . ( beat ) we can start right now . ask I anything . bianca anything ? adonis anything . bianca smile . she can not help but to be intrigue . bianca how many girl you be with before I ? adonis wince . adonis you be different . bianca how ? adonis Cause I want to be around you all the time . I never feel like that with anybody . bianca it 's cause it 's new . adonis but it do not feel new . it 's like I have know you forever . when I be close to you , it 's like I can do anything . bianca cross she arm , and look off for a beat . 65 . adonis ( cont 'd ) tell I you do not feel the same way . tell I you do not and I ’11l drive you home myself . bianca that 's passion , it 's infatuation . that fade . adonis I can not see that . bianca why not ? adonis shit feel too right . you make I want to work hard . want to win . bianca so I be just a good luck charm ? adonis you could find a insult in a box of rose , huh ? bianca naw , I just find the real . ( beat ) it 's cool though . maybe you be my good luck charm too . bianca stare at he . she smile . adonis what ? bianca you do look like he . adonis quickly point at bianca 's face , smile . adonis see ! I know it ! adonis quickly grab she by she knee and lift she up high into the air induce a playful shriek . her phone buzze . and she answer it while adonis be hold she . bianca ( into phone ) hello ... yeah this be she ... ( to adonis ) put I down ! put I down ! 84 85 66 . adonis oblige . she put she finger in she ear to hear the phone better . bianca ( cont 'd ) be you serious ? of course ... of course ... this be foreal , right ? absolutely . thank you so so much . bianca hang the phone up , and take off run at full speed , scream in joy . adonis , confuse , sprint after she . adonis what ?! what 's go on ? she stop and bend over out of breath . bianca I get the gig ... you be look at the open act ! adonis scream at the top of he lung . bianca jump onto he waist . a transient man ( White , 60 ) stare at this two idiot like they have lose they mind . series of shot 84 - Mary Anne creed at she house , watch a report on adonis . - Lisa , daryl , and the kayla , who promptly put she hand up in celebration . - terrel in the rec room , watch the report . -holiday , in he house in the UK , watch a similar report . int . rocky 's house - dusk backyard 85 Rocky and adonis work the hand bag . adonis send quick , fluid jab at Rocky 's hand and stomach . the buzzer go off , and Rocky stop , and rub he sore hand . a plastic kitchen timer go off . and adonis stop . Rocky take off he hand pad and reset the timer . rocky relax . I be on you side . adonis everybody know ... rocky so what ? you ashamed or something ? 67 . adonis I want this on my own . rocky who 's in here punchin ? last time I look at you , you be on ya own . truthfully , I be glad this happen . now everybody 's 11l be gunnin for you . make you very alert . the gym 's buzzer go off . rocky ( cont 'd ) time , and this time , do not break my hand . 86 int . rocky 's house - kitchen - continuous 86 Rocky walk in and pick up the house phone . rocky I do not know how you get this number but ... holiday easy , stallion , it 's nile holiday ... I use to fight on you undercard , but now represent ricky porter . rocky wow ... sorry about that ... the reporter ... you know ... holiday yeah , I know how it be ... forgive I for skip the pleasantry ... be it true , about the kid ? ( off Rocky 's silence ) what be you do tomorrow ? rocky we be training . holiday think you and the kid can spare 30 minute for a business meeting ? 87 int . adrian 's -— day 87 daylight stream into the back of the restaurant , that be close for business for the time be . 68 . Rocky adonis , and holiday sit around a table . holiday my guy have to fight within the next 12 month , and we have beat everybody . I have be at my wit end try to find somebody worthy of a payday . until I hear about you two . adonis you want I to fight porter ? Rocky cut adonis a look . adonis mime '' what ? '' back at he . holiday observe this , and move forward gingerly . holiday I think it could be a very smart move . rocky I do not know about that , we be still work on thing . holiday good . you be fight pro fight in Mexico , huh ? adonis yeah . holiday I get you with a record of 11 - 1 - 1 out there . you victory over sporino 's kid put you at 12 - 1 . nobody need to know that fight be in some bloody hole in the wall . ( beat ) I be not say it be not go to be difficult to convince the board . but my camp be in a special position right now . rocky curious . how 's you fighter feel about this ? holiday he 's thrilled about it . he like think out of the box , give people chance . you can relate , I be sure . ( beat ) ( more ) 69 . holiday ( cont 'd ) I just want to make sure you two be on board with this before we put we weight behind it . we do not have time to muck about . adonis we be game to go - Rocky hold up he hand . adonis , frustrated stop talk . adonis ( cont 'd ) what you want I to sit in on the meeting for if I can not talk . rocky talk . adonis how soon would this happen ? holiday 2 month , 3 max . adonis ( to Rocky ) we can do this , right ? rocky not sure . adonis I think so . rocky let 's not debate in front of this man . adonis look at this chance . rocky chance to get break . he 's here cause to they you be a sure thing , sure victory . holiday not true . rocky course it be . holiday okay let 's be up front . this could be he last gig . ( more ) 88 70 . holiday ( cont 'd ) we gotta make it count . ( beat ) we be talk about something the whole box world would want to see. , we get the undisputed champion of today , we get the icon in you ( motion to Rocky ) and we get the name of the best fighter ever all in one event ? it will be bloody historic . rocky we will talk about it . holiday sure , champ . take some time to think on it . ( to adonis ) in the mean time , if this thing 's gonna go , I be gonna need you to do something on you end . we need you to take on the '' creed '' name , formally . adonis I can not do that . not my name . holiday then that 's a non - starter for we . without the name , there 's no fight . take a day to toss it around . holiday stand up as Rocky and adonis exchange look . adonis can I get the day off ? rocky I be gonna suggest the same thing . int . bianca 's apartment 88 adonis and bianca post - coital on bianca 's air mattress . bianca take pull off a roach , while adonis look up at the ceiling . 71 . bianca patriarchy drive I insane . we carry the baby for nine month , wreck we body , almost die squeezing it out , only for society to slap the baby on the ass and name it after the man ? ( beat ) the kid should at least get both name . adonis which one go first ? bianca cut he a look that say 1,000 word . adonis laugh about this . adonis ( cont 'd ) so I would be creed - Johnson . and you would be ... bianca franklin- Taylor . adonis but if you get pregnant ... bianca we adonis if we get pregnant , we kid 's last name would be ... franklin- Taylor - creed - Johnson ? bianca I do not think that far ahead ... but you need to get over this name thing ? adonis can not do it . gotta make my own way . bianca you have get a funny way of show it . be not Rocky and Apollo , like best friend ? seem like you be try to tap into whatever it be he leave behind . ( beat ) that 's nothing to be ashamed of , right ? adonis think about this for a beat . then shake he head . 72 . bianca ( cont 'd ) what be you afraid of ? ( beat ) I all start it off for you , '' I be afraid of blank '' say it with I , I be afraid of .... adonis look at she , almost as if to see if he can trust she . she look back , wait for he answer . adonis I be afraid that ... ( beat ) if I take the name on , and I loose . they 'il say I be a let down . and not worthy of the name . bianca who care what people say . adonis you do not know what it 's like . bianca I know what it 's like to be call a fraud . a embarrassment . adonis look over at she . she do understand . bianca ( cont 'd ) do not you think it 's weird , that I do all this show , and not once have you see my family there ? my parent aint 3,000 mis away . they be down the street . adonis think on this . adonis what 's they deal . bianca we sunni , like everybody else out here . but my parent be just mad conservative . once I start perform , and do the music about life , they disown I . told I I be destine to fail . my own parent want to see I fail at what I love to do . adonis think on this . 89 73. bianca ( cont 'd ) I never know what it be like to have somebody in the crowd that I know truly care about I . until you start come to my show . it change everything for I . adonis it 's crazy that they would not support you ... I have see you sing ... bianca and I have see you fight . so what if people do not think you be as great as Apollo . who be ? think about what 's true . you love to box . it make you happy , right ? adonis nod . bianca ( cont 'd ) and you be Apollo creed 's grandson right ? he nod again . bianca ( cont 'd ) use the name . it 's yours . fuck what they say about you . i’1l be there for you , win or loose . Rocky 'il be there for you , win or loose . to hell with everybody else . int . adrian 's restaurant -— day 89 Rocky stand in the stock room look over merchandise , the back door be open to the parking lot . through the door , we see adonis approach . he walk up to Rocky . adonis so what do you think ? rocky ya really care ? adonis yeah , what be you thought on this . rocky fighter 's only get ten good year , top . ( more ) 90 74 . rocky ( cont 'd ) every battle take something outta ya , and trust I , this one could take more than you be willing to give . adonis nod . rocky ( cont 'd ) but I can not help but to think how jumpin into the deep end of the pool be how I get the best oppertunity in my life . chance like this be one in a lifetime ... adonis so what be you say ? rocky let 's do it . adonis nod . rocky ( cont 'd ) one call and we be in . adonis make the call . Rocky shrug . adonis look at Rocky blankly for a beat , then be overwhelm with emotion and take off run out the door . adonis ( cont 'd ) ( shouting ) i'm fighting pretty ricky porrrterrrr !!!! he jump up and down and pump he fist into the air . Rocky look on at this , smile . ext . creed mansion - live room - morning 90 a housekeeper bring the Wall St. Journal to Mary Anne , who eat breakfast at the kitchen island . she open it up and flip to the front page . we see they have a photo of adonis smile in a interview , right next to a photo of a young Apollo in a article about the bizarre nature of the upcoming title fight . they resemblance be breathtaking . 91 92 93 75 . int . creed mansion -— workshop 91 Mary Anne wear a smock , and work on something . she take a sip from a cup , but she eye remain on the unseen project . int . creed mansion - trophy room 92 Mary Anne mount she project to the wall , reveal to be adonis 's article in a custom frame . she step back and admire it . her eye scan the wall and fall on something else . int . rocky 's house - kitchen 93 adonis be in the corner make a salad , while bianca and Rocky meal around in the Kitchen cooking . bianca check on a pot bubbling on the stove , while Rocky stir a pot of tomato sauce . rocky I do not know ... I have have sweet potato before . bianca not like this , you have not . Rocky smile . bianca open the stove and pull out a large baking sheet , foil cover it . she sit it down on the counter and peel the foil back , revealing the orange dish . rocky smell good . bianca dip a small spoon into it , blow on it , hand it to Rocky , who eat it . his face say it all . rocky ( cont 'd ) tastes better . bianca smile , as she cell phone ring . she answer it . bianca ( brightly ) hey ... uh , yeah , give I a second . she head towards the front door , past adonis who notice something off in she voice . adonis head out after she . Rocky look on , then take another bit of sweet potato . 94 95 96 76 . ext . rocky 's house 94 adonis look at bianca , who pace on the porch , wrapping up what look to be a very serious phone call . adonis what 's go on ? bianca I just talk to one of the top tour manager in the country . adonis and ... bianca he 's gonna be at the show tomorrow . adonis ( beat ) that 's amazing , right ? bianca it 's just ... it just feel like even more pressure . adonis pressure 's good , it 's what you work so hard for . bianca look at adonis for a beat , and smile at he . adonis ( cont 'd ) come ’‘on . I be smell that food you guy have be cooking up . they head inside . int . rocky 's house kitchen 95 the four of they eat dinner , and talk . it 's unconventional , but a family nonetheless . int . rocky 's house - kitchen - later 96 adonis wash the dish , while Rocky dry they and put they away . bianca walk over to adonis . bianca I be gonna take off , babe . get the tech rehearsal early . 97 98 77 . adonis I will drive you . bianca cab be already outside . ( beat ) come early tomorrow , it 's gonna be crazy . adonis I nil come straight from workout . I will not even shower . bianca Gross . I will disown you ... she give he a hug , and a kiss . bianca ( cont 'd ) bye Rocky . rocky knock they dead sweetheart . she playfully shadow box the air , then head out . ext . PHILLY soul music festival - sunrise next morning 97 worker drink coffee and bring equipment inside for the concert . int . joe hand boxing gym - afternoon 98 marcel sit at the counter watch Rocky work out adonis in the distance and the phone ring . he answer . marcel hello ... yeah ... who be this ? okay hold on . marcel head over to the ring where Rocky watch adonis work out . marcel ( cont 'd ) rock ... its the hospital on the phone . this catch adonis 's ear . Rocky look around and see everyone 's concern . he head over to the phone and pick it up . 99 78. rocky yeah . dr . shahani Mr. balboa , this be Dr. shahani - would you be able to stop by today ? rocky what 's up ? dr . shahani it would actually be better if you come in to talk with we in person . Rocky look over at he camp for a beat . int . hospital - examination room - day 99 Rocky , wear street clothes , sit in the consultation room . Dr. shahani sit across from he . dr . shahani well , we go through you test result . and the neurological test come back as I have expect . but you mri and blood test come back show sign of hodgekin lymphoma . rocky what 's that do ? dr . shahani well hodgekin be a very rare form of cancer . rocky Cancer ? dr . shahani the good news be , we catch while there be still a chance ... we will have to remove the tumor in you lymph node , and start chemotherapy immediately . Rocky take all of this in for a beat , while Dr. shahani continue the prognosis . he stand up , grab he coat . rocky chemo - my wife try that stuff . do not work out so good for she . 100 79 . dr . shahani Mr. balboa ... I have like to go over we option for treatment . come up with a plan of action . rocky thanks , but I gotta go . dr . shahani what ? rocky gotta go . I be very busy , Dr. dr . shahani Mr. balboa , we catch this early enough that with treatment , you still have a very good chance of recovery . without it , you have less than a 5 % chance . rocky get commitment . can not do it now . Rocky put he coat on , and open the door . dr . shahani wait , at least take this . it have information on you diagnosis , and option for treatment ... Rocky turn and look at she for a beat , while hold the door open . he take the pamphlet and head out . int . joe hand boxing gym - afternoon 100 adonis and Joe Hand work drill . Rocky reenter the ring as they finish up the round . adonis walk over to he . adonis what they say ? you good to go ? rocky low iron . gave I some pill - no problem . adonis punch he glove together , excited . Joe hand Rocky the focus mitt , as the buzzer start for a new round . he and adonis go at it with the drill . 101 102 80 . int . joe hand boxing gym - locker room 101 Rocky get ready to head into the shower , towel around he waist . he sit he clothes down on the bench and go into the shower area . adonis and amir come into the locker room , laugh , but exhaust . they go over to they perspective locker . adonis look down at Rocky 's coat , hang on the hook - notice the pamphlet stick out . he pick they up and start to read they . int . joe hand boxing gym - locker room - moment later 102 Rocky enter the room to get he jacket , and notice adonis wait on he , stare he down . adonis this shit foreal ? he pull out the pamphlet . Rocky snatch they from he and throw they in the trash . rocky do not worry about that . adonis do not worry ?! I think you say the test come back good . rocky what do it matter how the test come back . you get porter come up , and can not afford to get distract . adonis to hell with porter . when do you start treatment ? rocky I be not do no treatment . adonis what ? rocky you want I with ya trainin ya , and I appreciate that . but you gotta live ya own life . do not worry about mine , not at all . 103 81 . adonis you do not do the treatment , this will kill you . you fine with that ? rocky it 's alright ! adonis what ? how be it alright ? why would anybody say that ? rocky Cause die be easy ; Cause live the way I do , be very hard . adonis what do you mean , live the way you do ? rocky look around . anybody who every love I , anybody who ever know I , be go . mickey , Apollo , adrian , paulie , I get my son , who I have not see in year . it 's like I be listen to some good song and it end before it be suppose to . and I be still dancin . I get nothing to hang around for . adonis I be still here ... rocky so what ? you just show up ! you do not know I ! you be just some fighter , you be not family to I . this cut adonis deep . he take off brush past Rocky , who watch he leave , then put he face in he hand for a beat . he then push the locker , open hand - hard . again , and again . ext . joe hand boxing gym - dusk 103 adonis walk out of the gym , distraught . he put he hand to he head not know what to do , so he take off jogging out of frame . we hold for a few beat , and Rocky come out look for he . he 's nowhere to be find . 104 105 106 107 108 109 82. ext . rocky 's house - night 104 Rocky walk out of the front door look for adonis . he open the door and stick he head in . rocky kid ? a ups lady walk up behind Rocky , with a package for he . he turn and take it , look at it with suspicion . ext . philadelphia - night 105 Series of shot adonis jog the familiar route . several mile through the city of Philadelphia . tear in he eye . he arrive at the museum step and sprint up they without hesitation . he get to the top , lay down on he back , and pass out . int . backstage PHILLY soul concert - night 106 bianca , wear leggins and a beautiful top , pace behind the stage , get ready to perform . she peek out at the crowd , look to see everyone get seat . int . bathroom stall 107 on bianca - have a panic attack . she puke into the toilet , wipe she mouth , take some deep breath , and pull out she cellphone and call a number . int . rocky 's house - adonis 's bedroom - night 108 adonis 's cellphone buzze on he bed . '' bianca calling '' flash on the screen . int . bathroom stall - continuous 109 bianca talk into the phone , leave a message . bianca hey , you here yet ? I be freaking out over here ... I gotta see you before I go on . I guess I will keep try you . 112 113 83. bianca hang up . she start dial again . ext . museum step -— night 110 adonis , still asleep on he back . a security guard wake he up . adonis take a deep breath in , and look around . slowly realize where he be . he look down at he phone and fear flash over he face . adonis shit ! shit ! he take off run down the step and hail a cab . ext . PHILLY soul festival 111 we open close on bianca 's face . she 's look off into the crowd , where adonis be nowhere to be find . the music start , and she start sing , and she struggle ... she look into the crowd for a beat , then start again . ext . PHILLY soul music festival - entrance - night 112 a cab pull up on the street corner of the club , and adonis hop out . ext . PHILLY soul music festival - VIP section 113 rihanna play on stage as adonis cut through the sizeable crowd towards the VIP section where we see bianca and a few other musician stand by the large metal fold up chair behind metal fencing . adonis ( scream over the music ) bianca ! bianca ! bianca see he , and look at he for a beat , before turn she back and disappear deeper into the crowd . two Security Guards head over to the adonis . adonis ( cont 'd ) say bro , my girl be back there . security guard no stand over here bro ... the Security Guard firmly push adonis against he chest . adonis knock he hand away . and look towards where bianca disappear to . 114 84 . he rush the gate , in a attempt to get past the guard , and one of they bear hug adonis across the neck . adonis slip out , and punch he in the nose , drop he . the Security Guard , he nose bleed , pick up a fold chair . more guard run over to adonis , grab he and punch he smash ! one bring the fold chair right to the side of adonis 's face . adonis fall as a guard pull out handcuffs . int . rocky 's house - rocky 's bedroom - night 114 moonlight stream into the bedroom , where Rocky lie atop the bed , half awake , half sleep . the house phone ring on he night stand , and he roll over to answer it . rocky yeah ... Rocky listen to the other end of the phone . he sigh deeply . int . philadelphia CITY jail - holding cell - night 115 adonis sit in a solitary hold cell look through pale bar . his face show the sign of pick a fight with 2,000 lb of security and a metal fold chair . cop ( 0.s. ) right over here ... he look up towards the door as we hear the door buzz . we cut to the reverse to see Rocky stand outside the bar , with a cop ( 40' , italian american ) who key open the hold cell . Rocky walk in and close the door behind he . Rocky walk over and sit down next to adonis on the bench . the two be silent for a beat . Rocky look around at the room . rocky they fix this place up ; use to be just one big cell . very crappy . maybe twenty upset guy in there at the same time . it get tense ina sense . adonis what be you do here ? 85 . rocky I know a few people , they say you friend 's downtown . adonis I be not you friend . you be just a trainer to I , remember ? this sting Rocky a bit . adonis ( cont 'd ) you need to stay away from I man . rocky what be you talk about ? adonis something about I . I fuck everything up . rocky kid , that 's crazy talk . adonis it 's true . my mom do not talk to my grandma because of I . my dad get lock up soon as I be bear ... anybody who I ever get involved with , I fuck they life up . think it would be different out here . think it would be I you , and bianca , for year . make we own family . ( beat ) it be never about one fight for I . it be about 20 fight , 20 year , day in day out . we live , make memory . I never have that . Rocky reach out to pat adonis on the shoulder . adonis ( cont 'd ) do not touch I . he knock Rocky 's hand away . adonis ( cont 'd ) just leave , man . rocky kid ... adonis get outta here ! ( stand up ) ( more ) 118 86 . adonis ( cont 'd ) get you old cripple ass outta here . we aint family . you let my real family die . this cut Rocky to the core . Rocky stand up and stare adonis down for a beat . then head towards the bar . rocky you get so much anger inside , kid . it make you train hard . it make you fight hard in the ring . but anger be poison . you can only run on it for so long , before it destroy you . but love ... if you fill you heart up with love , you can fight forever . you be too hard on yourself . you get so much good inside . Rocky turn and walk out of the cell , while adonis sit alone , with only the sound of the bar slamm to comfort he . ext . philadelphia morning skyline 116 the sun rise over the city . int . mickey 's gym - morning 117 fighter prepare to work out look at the television , where sportscenter be on the screen . the anchor run down the morning 's news . espn anchor 2 in box news light heavyweight contender adonis '' creed '' Johnson , be arrest late last night after he involvement in a brawl at the Union transfer Music Club . reportedly no charge be be file against Johnson , who be not intoxicate at the time . neither Johnson nor hit trainer Rocky balboa could be reach for comment . int . philadelphia CITY jail - holding cell - day 118 adonis stand up by the door , and a different cop ( 30 Hispanic , female ) unlock the bar . 87 . lady cop let 's go , Johnson . you have be bail out . adonis balboa ? lady cop no . some lady . adonis quickly pop up out of he seat at this news . 119 ext . philadelphia CITY jail - — day 119 adonis , excited , walk outside of the door and see Lisa on the sidewalk , arm cross , stare he down . 120 ext . philadelphia STREET 120 adonis and Lisa walk and talk . lisa a part of I always know this day be come . ( beat ) you get it honest . adonis look at Lisa . lisa ( cont 'd ) I want to be a fighter too . I think if daddy have not have die , I would definitely have get into it . adonis really ? she nod . lisa but I have not be able to watch a match since . adonis take this in . adonis why do not you ever tell I that . 121 88. lisa why do you think ? ( beat ) so how bad be it , with balboa ? adonis if he get chemo , he have a chace ... lisa but he do not want to ... adonis nod . Lisa shake she head . lisa ( cont 'd ) of course not ... that old macho shit be what get daddy kill . you gotta talk to he . adonis I do . it be hard enough get he to go to the hospital and get check up . lisa you have to put it in term that he understand ... they stop . lisa ( cont 'd ) you talk to mom ? he shake he head . adonis have you ? she shake hers . lisa something we can agree on now , I guess . adonis smile . ext . philadelphia airport - departure - sunset 121 Lisa and adonis embrace . and adonis watch as Lisa go through the glass slide door . he jump back into the cab , and it pull off . 122 123 124 89 . ext . rocky 's house - night 122 adonis walk up the step and key into the front door . int . rocky 's house - kitchen 123 Rocky sit at the dinner table , eat pasta and salad . he look up as adonis enter the door and walk in . there be a beat of silence between Rocky and adonis . Rocky get up , and walk over to the cabinet and grab a bowl . he put some salad into it , some pasta , and then sit it down on the table . adonis sit down and start eat . adonis I be not training if you do not get treatment . rocky eat . you look like you lose five pound . adonis can not be take order from a quitter . you can not throw the towel in to this cancer shit . Rocky think on this . adonis ( cont 'd ) what make this different than any of you other fight ? ( beat ) if I fight , you fight . Rocky take a long beat . and nod . adonis extend he close fist towards Rocky . Rocky punch it , and they eat . int . hospital -— consultation room - day 124 Rocky and adonis sit across from Dr. shahani dr . shahani Dr. Warren be go to walk you through the procedure . Rocky nod . 125 90 . dr . warren so we will be put you under general anaesthesia , and remove the tumor from right here . now once we be in there , if we see any other questionable tissue , we will remove that too . rocky when ? dr . warren as soon as possible . Rocky look on at the ct scan . adonis stand beside he . int . recovery room - afternoon 125 Rocky wake up , hook up to ivs in the dim room . he look over , and see adonis sit in the corner look back at he . Rocky stiffly sit up , and start pull at he ivs , as if he 's try to leave . adonis spring up . adonis chill , chill , chill . it 's all good . rocky do you get you workout in ? adonis shake he head . adonis I stay . Rocky feel at he neck . there be a large bandage on the side of it . rocky they get it all ? adonis I do not know . they say they 's 11l come and talk to we about it when you wake up . Rocky start feel around he bed again . gl . adonis ( cont 'd ) chill out man , what you look for . rocky jacket ... my jacket . adonis reach over to the chair and grab Rocky 's coat . he hand it to he . Rocky dig in it and pull out he stopwatch . rocky ( cont 'd ) let 's go , pushup , burpy , sit - up , shadow box super -set . ( beat ) let 's go ! adonis look at he like he 's fuck crazy . adonis right here ? rocky you think porter aint work out right now ? you think he do not want to dismember you in front of he people ? ( beat ) go ! beep . Rocky hit the stopwatch . adonis oblige . start montage adonis work out at Joe Hand 's with amir . Rocky sit ina chair , ringside still bandage on he neck . Rocky get hook up to the chemotherapy machine . two large iv 's hook up to he arm . on the other side of the room , adonis set up a stand speed bag , and a stand body dummy . he install a pullup bar in the door jam . adonis work out , while Rocky receive treatment adonis help Rocky , weaken from the chemo session to the van . adonis lift weight in the gym . adonis haul massive bag of fertilizer in Rocky 's backyard . Rocky , bed ride from the treatment , sit in bed , adonis sit in the chair next to he . they watch tape on porter . 126 92 . adonis hold Rocky as he vomit into the toilet . adonis collapse while lift bag of fertilizer . he stay down on all four for a beat , then get back up , and lift it . Rocky , have lose a bit of weight , wear he hat , body bag , and glove stand in the ring with adonis , work he through blind fast drill . amir and Joe Hand , stand on either side of adonis , throw punch that adonis parrys . adonis jog through North Philly . several young black kid come out , and follow he . a group of dirt bike rider follow suit , pop wheelies as a salute to adonis . a young kid drive up next to adonis on a mini - bike . adonis , near the end of he route , take off at full speed . the kid smashes on the gas . and all of the dirt bike and atv 's catch up and slow down to keep right along adonis , who be sprinting now . they arrive at the gym and the biker circle around adonis , some even shadow box with he , other with each other . end montage int . hospital waiting room - day 126 adonis and Rocky sit , Rocky in a hospital gown . they watch tape of porter on adonis 's iPad . rocky his defense be so tough , you gotta stay patient kid , get he to come to you . on screen , porter be pick he opponent apart . the door open , and Dr. shahani enter . dr . shahani how be you feel ? rocky worse body shot I ever tool . do not recommend it , but thanks Doctor . dr . shahani well you should be feel better now , and just in time . a bunch of we here at the hospital be get the fight next weekend . we feel apart of the team ! when do you guy take off ? 93 . adonis tomorrow . dr . shahani so exciting ... well let 's get you go for this catscan . adonis look down at video , just in time to see porter knock he opponent out , cold . Dr. shahani walk Rocky out . adonis hey unc. Rocky turn around . adonis ( cont 'd ) think I can do this ? Rocky take a long beat . rocky yo you ever hear that story about the guy who say , '' I can '' and the guy who say , '' I can not " ? adonis naw , how 's it go . rocky they be both right . adonis smile at this . Rocky head out of the door . 127 int . adonis 's apartment hallway 127 adonis knock on the door to bianca 's apartment . bianca I be gonna need you to not come over here unannounced . adonis I just want to apologize . bianca okay . adonis I do not mean to let you down . 94 . bianca what you mean to do do not matter . adonis look , uncle rock 's get cancer . bianca what ? adonis I find out right before you show , and I freak out . it 's why I do not make it in time . bianca Jesus . how bad be it ? adonis it 's bad . put he through a whole round of chemo , and radiation . ( beat ) tough son of a bitch be fight , still have every hair leave on he head . bianca shake she head . bianca I be sorry to hear that . ( beat ) make sure you send he my love . she start to close the door . adonis B. she stop . adonis ( cont 'd ) what do I gotta do ? to get you to forgive I . bianca it 's my fault for let you in . for put so much in whether or not you show up . I can not forgive myself for that . you have get alot go on . and I be gonna focus on mine . adonis take this in , as bianca close the door . 128 129 130 131 95 . int . bianca 's apartment 128 bianca lean up against the other side of the door , hold back tear . int . adonis 's apartment hallway - continuous 129 adonis knock on the door . adonis bianca ... open the door ... he sigh , and lean on it with he palm place high . he step back and pull a envelope out of he pocket . then slide it under the door . adonis ( cont 'd ) that 's everything you need to get out to Liverpool in there . it would mean a lot to I and unc if you could make it . but if not , promise I you will at least watch . he wait for a answer from the other side of the door , and receive none . he head off . int . bianca 's apartment 130 bianca lean up against the other side of the door and listen to adonis leave , hold back tear . int . philadelphia INTERNATIONAL airport 131 adonis , Rocky and they team stand in the board gate of the airport . adonis hold he cellphone to the side of he face , look towards the escalator . Joe Hand , marcel and amir be prepare to board , look back at adonis . adonis , frustrated , hang up the phone . he start to dial again when Rocky touch he on he shoulder . rocky we gotta roll , kid . plane aint gonna wait for we . adonis look back to he phone . rocky ( cont 'd ) she need time , that 's all . 132 133 96 . adonis put he phone back into he pocket and board the plane with the group . ext . london INTERNATIONAL airport 132 we track a large international commercial airplane from underneath as it land on the runway , we then boom up to reveal the London skyline . int . london convention CENTER - PRESS conference 133 porter 's camp sit at he press conference table on one side , while Rocky , and adonis sit on the other . several reporter clamor for attention and have intense question for adonis and Rocky . reporter 1 porter can we expect any more firework at the weigh in ? porter I have be do a lot of anger management . and learn how to turn the other cheek , and whatnot . holiday I just gotta make sure he unlearn all of this before Sunday morning . the crowd laugh . reporter 2 balboa , there be rumor circulate back in the state about you health , some source say that you have be diagnose with a serious health issue . rocky yeah , it 's call ageing . very contagious , so watch out . the crowd guffaw . reporter 3 I here have be question raise about the odd nature of have a 5 be start time , in order to maximize pay per view profit in the state . could you both speak to how that might affect you . 97 . adonis look at porter , a bit unsure if he should go first . adonis if anything it 's a advantage for I , because it 's 1ll be normal fight time where I be from . porter it 's simple for I . 5 in the morning be just as good a time for a ass whoopin as any other . adonis lean over and mean mug porter , who be not even look at he . reporter 4 what about the contrast between you two , you the experience , the rag to rich background , vs. Johnson 's overnight success . adonis well I would not - porter everybody 's path be different . some people have it better than other . my grandfather be a fisherman . his grandpa be the heavyweight champion of the world . some people get thing hand to they , while other have to earn it ... next question . the two fighter stare dagger at each other . reporter there 's a lot of talk about legacy in this fight . can you guy speak to that . adonis well - porter Legacy be a interesting term . I feel that most great boxer have a common one . we all come from the struggle . creed , balboa , porter . I be carry that tradition better than anybody . I be the Rocky of this generation . I be the creed . it 's right here . look no further . and you will not have to come fight night . 134 98. porter get up , stare dagger at adonis , and leave . int . liverpool HOTEL - adonis 's room 134 adonis close off , wear headphone , shadow box into the hotel mirror . a knock ! at the door . adonis open it , to find Rocky outside hold a large white box . he pass it to adonis . adonis what 's this ? rocky I do not get X - Ray vision . open it up . adonis sit the box down atop the hotel bed . he quickly tear it open . adonis pull out a pair of american flag boxing short with a insignia that read creed .. adonis be this ... rocky you grandmother send they to I , before we leave Philly . you 's 1ll want to try ‘em on . I have to get they take in quite a bit . adonis toss they up and down in he hand . he notice a white card inside the box , he pull it out and we see that it read win in Mary Anne 's regal handwrite . rocky ( cont 'd ) also , win or loose , I need you to do I a favor when we get back to Philly . adonis anything . rocky you promise ? adonis for sure . what 's up ? rocky do not worry about it . just want to make sure we be lock in before the fight . you might be mad at I tomorrow , I do not know . 135 136 137 138 99 . adonis laugh . adonis ( motion to the restroom ) I be gonna go in there and try this on ... int . liverpool HOTEL - adonis 's bathroom 135 adonis slip the trunk on . they fit perfectly . he admire they in the mirror for a bit the size of the moment , the figurative weight of the short he now wear , hit he and he 's overwhelm . the hotel phone ring from inside the bathroom . int . liverpool HOTEL - adonis 's room 136 Rocky walk over to the hotel phone and pick it up . rocky hello ... this be Rocky ... oh hey ... you call to wish we luck ? Rocky 's face change , and he sit down on the bed . rocky ( cont 'd ) okay ... okay ... thanks . Rocky hang up the phone and think for a long beat . int . bianca 's apartment 137 bianca , she cellphone pinch between she shoulder and she ear , talk into it while frantically pack a small bag . bianca yeah , I 'il be out of my concert at about midnight . there be a flight at 12:45 ? amazing . int . intimate philadelphia concert venue 138 it be a modest club , but the crowd be at capacity . bianca finish up a solo ballad , kill it . her eye open and she scan the crowd , as she finish , watch they clap . her and the band , head off stage . 139 140 141 142 143 100 . int . intimiate philadelphia concert venue - backstage 139 bianca and the band get backstage , the crowd can be hear chant , '' encore , encore , encore '' manager you guy have to go back out . a couple more song . bianca look down at she phone . ext . concert venue 140 bianca frantically jump into a taxi cab , with she carry on luggage . it look as if she run straight from the stage . int . philadelphia airport - moment later 141 bianca run through the airport as fast as she can move with she roll luggage . she come up to the gate just as the flight attendant close the door . bianca wait ! the attendant ignore she . bianca look around , in panic mode . int . philadelphia airport - moment later 142 bianca talk to a flight attendant behind a desk . airline agent we best bet would be to put you standby on a flight to manchester . bianca that 's fine , I just have to get there , you do not understand . the agent , continue to search through option for bianca . ext . anfield stadium - day 143 adonis , Rocky and camp arrive at the stadium . Security be get in place for the match and adonis and Rocky get out of the car and look at massive entrance of the iron gate . 144 145 146 147 148 149 101 . ext . anfield stadium - night 144 the parking lot be full , and the exterior of the stadium be alive with the electricity of a soccer match . rowdy fan swarm the door . int . anfield stadium - visitor's locker room - night 145 adonis , Apollo short and a modest robe roll he neck , warming up . Rocky , Joe , and amir sit in chair behind he . int . anfield stadium - home locker room 146 porter shadow box into the mirror , holiday watch through the reflection . int . anfield stadium - visitor's locker room 147 Rocky lace he glove he hand move slowly . int . anfield stadium —- home locker room 148 holiday wrap the tape around porter 's glove , with expert precision . when do , porter stand , holiday stick out he hand , and porter punch it , hard . he turn to junior , and G close by . porter let 's give they a little action , for good luck now . junior smile and pound he father 's glove with all he might , top then bottom . next , G , who do the same . int . anfield stadium - visitor's lockeroom 149 Rocky finish the tape on adonis 's glove . he struggle to tear the roll off ... amir see this , and jump in and quickly tear it off . Rocky and adonis lock hand adonis match he , and they sway back and forth like cobras . adonis one step ... one punch ... one round ... one fight . rocky again . 150 151 152 102 . adonis one step ... one punch ... one round ... one fight ... Rocky throw soft jab at adonis . they come slow but rhythmic . adonis duck each one with the same rhythm . rocky it 's gonna be more people than you have ever see before in you life ... adonis one step ... one punch ... one round ... one fight ... rocky but they do not matter ... adonis continue say the mantra . rocky ( cont 'd ) we be a long way from home ... but that do not matter ... all that matter be how much you want it ... and you want it more than he , kid . I can see it in you eye . int . california men 's colony - san louis obispo 150 terrel , in he cell , eat dinner off a tray , across from he celly ( Black , 5as ) . a correction Officer walk up to he , and motion for he to come out . int . california men 's colony - san louis obispo - hallway 151 the CO lead terrel down a hallway and open a small room for he . int . california men 's colony - san louis obispo 152 terrel walk inside the rec room , to find a chair sit across from a small tv , with the fight on . he nod at the CO , who nod back , and close the door . he walk over and sit down . 153 154 155 156 157 158 159 103 . int . clabsaddle house 153 daryl and the kid sit on the couch watch cartoon . he sneak off to adonis 's room , where the fight be already cue up . int . creed mansion - live room - night 154 Mary - Anne she tumbler next to she on the side table look on at the pay per view broadcast of the match . the door Bell ring . she open the door to find Lisa . who walk straight to the couch and sit down in front of the television . Mary Anne think for a beat , then go and sit down next to she . int . anfield stadium - visitor's lockeroom 155 adonis continue to run drill with Rocky . the door open in the locker room , and a stadium staff member wave at they . joe hand it 's time . int . anfield stadium - visitor's tunnel 156 adonis walk into view slowly , Rocky behind he , slower than we have see he . his hand rest on adonis 's shoulder for balance . Joe Hand , amir , and marcel walk out as well . the entire camp a ball of nerve but they hide it well . adonis 's intro music play . it be the song bianca make for he . int . manchester airport 157 bianca be go through custom . the line be massive . int . bullet train 158 bianca look at the time on she phone , then stare out of the window of the train . int . anfield stadium - visitors locker room 159 adonis , Rocky and camp be walk through the entrance tunnel , and now approach the stadium ramp . Stone face , walk in unison at a slow pace . 160 161 104 . int . anfield stadium 160 it 's a sea of Red Liverpool fc jersey and some of the fan be wear face paint . they boo , but the sound system drown most of it out . rock it 's you night kid . this be what it 's all about . they arrive at the ring . adonis bounce . he look out and the reality of the size of the stadium set in . adonis 's Pov from the ring 40000 scream fan . the stadium be open up top , over the ring . Cloud circle overhead - a modern day Roman coliseum , fit to feed gladiator to lion . back to scene Rocky limp over to adonis , place he hand on he shoulder . rocky you freaking out ? adonis yeah . rocky very normal . first title fight , I almost pass out . adonis what have you do to stay cool ? rocky fake it . like everybody do . adonis nod . he throw some punch . stay loose . Music start , and the entire stadium sing '' you'll never walk alone '' - the Liverpool f.c. anthem . int . anfield stadium - home tunnel 161 porter enter the stadium , with G sit on he shoulder wear a title belt , holiday to he leave , and junior to he right hold a belt in the air . around he seem to be at least 40 of he friend and at least 10 championship belt . the crowd be deafen . 162 105 . porter spring into the ring . his entourage flood into the ring and all of they stare down adonis . porter immediately come out of he robe and we see he trunk , Red and gold , a skirt with a English flag over it . int . ring - anfield stadium - moment later 162 adonis and porter in the middle of the ring , alone , the referee pull they in . he talk in a thick scouse accent . referee watch the hit below the belt , make sure you guy honor my command , honor each other . we will make it a good fight , make it a hard fight , sound good ? both fighter nod . referee ( cont 'd ) go ’on and touch they 's up . porter Nice short . too bad you grandpa be not here to fight for ya . I be gonna send you home , boy . adonis 's eye tighten in anger . before he can respond porter sprint back to he corner . adonis retreat to he . rocky move you foot ! use the jab to keep he off of you ! adonis nod , the sound of the stadium fade out . ding ding . the fight begin . porter close the gap on adonis at a near sprint , he 's fast , and quickly send two jab at adonis 's body , both connect . adonis try to counter , but porter parry , and step , pin adonis against the rope . he go to the body again then swing a hook , that adonis duck and then grab he . porter do not hold on too tight ol 's boy . I be just get start . the referee break up the hold . 163 164 106 . porter ( cont 'd ) come here mate . a little closer so you can learn a thing or two .. adonis move in slowly , when wham ! , a lightning fast jab land flush . adonis stumble , but before he can regain he balance porter send a leave hook , adonis duck just in time . he pop a uppercut to porter 's body , but porter block and slam adonis with two more jab before he know what hit he . the '' 10 second clap '' SOUND as adonis retreat , but porter cut he off , and send a barrage of punch at adonis 's head . adonis block most but when the round ding , but porter slam he across the face with a leave hook . rocky c'mon , that 's after the bell ! the ref signal that it be simultaneous . adonis 's corner be furious . int . adonis 's corner 163 adonis head back to the corner , completely shake up . rocky ( to Joe ) give I the ice , give I the ice ! Joe hand Rocky a ice pack , he slap it over adonis 's head while the guy work on he . adonis ( out of breath ) he 's fuck fast ! rocky we know that . we watch the tape but you be still just watch . okay ? do not watch , take the fight to he ! int . porter 's corner 164 holiday pour water into porter 's mouth . the rest of the team be not do much , because '' pretty '' ricky be still just that - adonis have not so much as touch he . holiday do not play around with this kid ? I want you to put he away . do not care that it 's early . put he down . 165 166 107 . int . adonis 's corner 165 Rocky give adonis water . rocky he really be that fast , he really be that good ... but you know what ? you belong in this ring with he , tonight . go prove it . he put he mouthpiece back in . the bell sound . int . ring - anfield stadium -— continuous 166 the fighter approach each other quickly . adonis dodge a couple punch then cage up , put he hand over he face and body to protect . porter pound adonis 's body . a hard leave connect with adonis 's rib , cause adonis 's mouthpiece to pop out . a thunderous right hook connect with adonis 's jaw . send he mouthpiece fly . he fake the leave hook , then hit adonis with a right hook over the eye , open he stitches . announcer Johnson be hurt . the ref slide in to save adonis , and he stumble over to grab he mouthpiece and replace it . announcer 2 Johnson be save by loose he mouthpiece . he look to be out on he foot . announcer that gash above he leave eye be leak . look for porter to start attack that side . adonis smile at porter . adonis let 's go ! be that all you have get ? let 's go ! porter ( smile back ) I get plenty more . the ref give they the clear sign . 108 . porter approach , adonis sway , like a cobra . he drop he hand , Ali style , bait . porter come in , wham ! adonis send a lightning fast jab that slip between porter 's hand and catch he in the face . porter stumble back . announcer whoa . Johnson land he first punch of the night on porter . annoucer 2 yeah but it 's gonna have to take a lot more than that . adonis come back in on porter and go on the attack - adonis throw combos , every third punch seem to land right on target . hard . adonis dodge porter 's counter punch adonis swing a leave jab to the body . crack ! a hard right to the bridge of porter 's nose , open he up . announcer porter 's hit , he look to be cut ! porter bob back but stay on he foot , adonis get greedy , and swing wildly . porter duck and hit adonis with a straight shot , that send down to the mat . the crowd erupt . rocky get up ! the referee count . adonis bounce back to he foot . announcer first knockdown of the night for porter , but Johnson be back on he foot . we be gonna see a little more of this dynamite round 2 . announcer ( cont ’d ) thank God for that . this be just get good . the ref stop and check with adonis . adonis straighten up . '' 10 second clap '' sound . porter 's wound bleed over he eye . the fighter go right back at each other . adonis be nick with a uppercut to the chin , but come back with two hard straight to porter 's face . 167 109 . the Bell sound but porter punch catch adonis , who throw another set . they continue to box until both camp clear the corner and jump into the ring to break they up . during the commotion Rocky be push down to the mat . adonis see Rocky fall and snap . adonis let 's go , I be not worried about the bell . let 's do this right now ! porter ( smile ) I be right here , mate . do not let that chump hold ya back ! adonis take the glove off ! fuck the bell ! you gonna catch my fade ! the two group successfully get the fighter back to they respective corner , but adonis fume . announcer this two guy be try to destroy each other . announcer 2 something have flip here . not to sound cliche but this just become and all out war . it 's gonna come down to who want it more . replays be show of the devastating hit the two fighter deliver to each other . int . adonis 's corner 167 Rocky , hurt from the fall , keep he composure and pull adonis 's mouthpiece out of he mouth . adonis you okay ? rocky I be good , but I be gonna have a heart attack if you do not keep you damn hand up , kid . marcel , go to work on he eye , try to stop the bleed . 110 . rocky ( cont 'd ) you see , you make he bleed . none of that pretty Boy stuff matter . you get he to move he hand , and you stick he . you do that enough time , and he go down just like anybody else ! 168 int . porter 's corner 168 the cut man struggle to put petroleum jelly on the gash on porter 's nose . holiday I tell you not to play around with he ? what do I say now ? porter I be gonna bash he head in . holiday you be gonna go back to what get we here , be what you be gonna do . I do not want you go shot for shot with this kid , he right be too strong . protect yourself , keep he at a distance and score face and body . when he loose he patience and come at you , make he pay ! 169 adonis 's corner 169 Joe and amir jump out of the ring . adonis 's wound still be not all the way close up . rocky it 's okay to get mad . use it , but stay in control . remember , one step at a time . adonis one punch at a time ... one round at a time . ding , ding . adonis and porter exchange blow , with porter consistently get the best of adonis . announcer another solid combination land by porter ... a surgeon in the ring . ( more ) 170 171 172 111 . announcer ( cont 'd ) he 's pick the novice fighter apart . bell sound a ring girl hold up a card for round 5 . adonis 's corner 170 Rocky place the ice pack on adonis 's head . rocky then put you hand up . you gotta protect yourself . int . ring 171 a Ring girl hold up round 7 . adonis , against the rope , dodge machine - gun like assault from porter , he hand drop , porter connect flush with a uppercut , and a bodyshot . another jab to adonis 's face , cause blood to flow from he leave eye . announcer 2 Johnson be in big trouble now . the bell ring . adonis knock he own glove together in frustration . he face swell . announcer it 's like watch rerun of the same fight , over , and over , and over again . it 's porter just dismantle Johnson . announcer 2 early on , we think we be in for something special , but porter be settling into that rare form , and just like he have prove time and time again , no one still have find the answer to that defense . adonis 's corner 172 adonis be swollen and bleed badly . the cut man stick a large cotton ball up he nose , and adonis wince in pain . announcer Johnson 's corner be really in trouble over there . ( more ) 173 112 . announcer ( cont 'd ) if they can not stop that bleed , they be gonna have to cancel this fight . announcer 2 what we be see right now , be the difference between someone who 's good , and someone who 's great . it 's that simple . the Ring girl hold up a sign for round 11 . rocky I do not know what you be do kid . but you be kill I . adonis I can slip he . he 's slow down . rocky you can not let he get you up against the rope again , every time you try to slip , he get you up against they . he 's pound you . you gotta take they to the body . int . ring - anfield stadium - moment later 173 porter have adonis against the rope , adonis duck a hook from porter and deliver a nasty straight shot follow by a bone - crunching hook to the body . the hook double porter over , he tie up . while tie up , adonis throw body shot to the same spot . he break loose , porter duck down , and they head to collide . the wound above adonis 's leave eye open up even more . adonis stumble back in pain . the ref run up to adonis . referee you okay ? adonis nod , grimace , blood flow into he leave eye . the referee turn to porter . referee ( cont 'd ) that 's a warning . the fight resume . porter 's in attack mode . adonis , who can barely see dodge the first couple , but some connect . porter pound away at he leave glove , work the cut . ding ding adonis be save by the bell . adonis 's corner be furious , shouting at the ref. 174 175 176 177 178 179 113 . int . stadium ringside 174 bianca , follow a stadium escort , run down to she ringside seat . she see adonis 's condition and try to run past the ring security , who stop she . bianca Rocky ! Rocky ! int . ring 175 Rocky snap he head around and see bianca . rocky let she through ! she 's with we ! let she through ! int . stadium ringside 176 the security turn to Rocky , and oblige . bianca run up to ringside gate , just out of reach . int . adonis 's corner 177 adonis 's cut be in bad shape . they work on it . Rocky bend down to talk to he . rocky look at I ... look at I ! ( adonis look up at Rocky ) look who make it ... Rocky turn adonis 's head towards bianca . adonis look at she , and he eye grow wide with recognition . int . ringside 178 bianca be move to tear by the condition of he face . she cover she mouth to try to hide it . int . ring 179 rocky hey ... Rocky turn he head back to the fight . 114 . rocky ( cont 'd ) she 's here because she love you . I be here because I love you . you family back home love you . you have get nothing else to prove . nothing to prove to I , nothing to prove to yourself . I be gonna stop this fight . adonis ( quickly ) do not . let I finish - rocky just finish be not worth it ! ( beat ) I lie to you last night ... it be the hospital that call . adonis 's eye grow wide . rocky ( cont 'd ) they say they find more ... adonis wince at this . it 's too much for he to take right now . rocky ( cont 'd ) I never get to tell Apollo thank you , for what he do for I . he give I a title shot , when I be a piece of shit leg breaker , he train I after mickey die . but that gift be nothing compare to you , kid . you show I how to fight again ... gave I something to look forward to . and I be gonna go home and fight this thing . just like I be do . but if I fight , you fight ! now if you tell I all you want to do be finish , to prove something to yourself , goddamn it , I nil throw this towel in right now ... adonis no ! rocky so you be tell I you be gonna go back in there and knock that son of a bitch out ? adonis nod . 180 115 . rocky ( cont 'd ) say it ! adonis ( out of breath ) I be gonna knock that son of a bitch out . rocky it 's three minute ! one punch at a time . all you pain , all you love . turn it loose kid , do not hold anything back . referee ( 0.s. ) Times up . let 's go . adonis stand up , batter and bruise , leave eye close . adonis 's Pov - porter stand at he corner , barely in focus . porter 's face wounded , but confident . he 's be here before . ding , ding ! int . ring - anfield stadium -— continuous 180 the two fighter approach each other slowly . adonis drop he glove bait porter . he beckon porter with he right hand . adonis come on ! porter come in swinging , quick leave jab , adonis parry they all , and bounce back . he taunt porter again . adonis ( cont 'd ) you the champ , right ? come show I ! hand drop , porter lead with jab . adonis dodge ; counter with a straight right to porter 's nose and a leave hook to porter 's right temple , cut he again . adonis , smell blood , attack . rapid fire head shot at porter ; it have digress into a street fight . porter regains he balance , then match adonis intensity . the two man swing wildly at each other . adonis land another punch . porter tie he up , blood spilling on adonis 's shoulder . adonis push he off hard , send porter back to the middle of the ring . 116 . holiday stay away from he ! stay away and win out the bloody round ! adonis bang he glove together , and porter bang he together in response . both man ready to brawl to the finish . porter throw hard jab which land , but adonis un - phase , lean in and throw a leave hook ; porter duck , but it land on the crown of he head ; adonis follow with a right cross right to porter 's face . it connect flush , hard , send porter to the mat in a heap . adonis let' go ! the ref move a still scream adonis and count . referee one ... two ... Three ... porter , on he hand and knee , try to shake himself back to he sense , blood leak from he face onto the mat . referee ( cont 'd ) four ... five ... six ... he push up from the ground to he foot . he shake he head off again , open he eye wide for the ref to take a look . referee ( cont 'd ) you good to go ? porter nod convincingly . the ref let it continue . holiday scream he head off at porter . holiday keep away from they 's ricky ! porter ignore holiday . he look at adonis with a lion 's eye . they charge towards each other . adonis lead in with a haymaker , porter duck it and tag he with one of he own , send adonis stumbling back into the rope . porter attack adonis while he be off balance . it look bad for adonis , until he slip a haymaker duck low , pivot , leave porter 's leave side wide open ; adonis unleash a vicious four hit combination to porter 's head and face left -right - left-right send porter off the rope and crumpling to the mat like a rag doll . the ref sprint to stop the fight . 181 117 . series of shot - Mary - Anne and Lisa go nut . - kayla and daryl watch at home , run around like crazy . - terrel watch in the rec room , overjoy . back to anfield the crowd be raucous . adonis raise he hand in celebration - joy - exhaustion . bianca hurdle the gate and jump into the ring , overjoy . both corner clear out . Rocky and Joe dash in the ring , run up to adonis embrace he . they can not believe it . as the usual post - fight crowd of official and reporter bombard the ring . the two fighter embrace . adonis break away , bianca on one side , Rocky on the other , hold he up . ringside announcer and you winner , by way of technical knockout . adonis '' creed '' Johnson ! max kellerman a year ago , you be sit ina Los Angeles dorm room . now you stand before we a World Champion . walk we through what be go through you head tonight ... adonis ( out of breath , fracture ) I just want to show my love one ( long beat ) who I be . adonis look up to the sky , point to the heaven . he lean on amir and Joe Hand . a faint chant in the crowd can be make out , and start to pick up volume . rocky listen to they '. stadium attendee creed ... creed ... creed ... creed adonis look around the stadium and see the stand ovation . ext . philadelphia museum step - sunrise - one week later 181 the long flight of stair . a Rocky 's van pull up . adonis and bianca hop out , dress in street clothes . 182 183 118 . small white bandage on he face cover he wound . he open the passenger door and help Rocky , who wear a gray sweat suit , and black beanie . he be slower and a bit thin - he have start the chemo treatment again . Rocky balance himself with he leave hand on adonis 's right shoulder . they stand at the foot of the step . Rocky take a deep breath . one step at a time ... ext . philadelphia museum step - moment later 182 the two be about halfway up the step . sweat have build up around Rocky 's neckline , he foot weigh a ton . he stop , turn away from adonis , frustrated . he put he hand over he eye . adonis put he hand around he shoulder . adonis ( sotto voce ) you get this ... come on ... Rocky gather himself with adonis 's help , and they continue . ext . philadelphia museum step - the top - moment later 183 adonis and Rocky take the last step up to the top plaza . Rocky completely out of breath , smile . he pat adonis on the back , and walk towards the center of the plaza . adonis give he he space and look down at bianca , who lean up against the car and smile at they . Rocky take a couple more step and smile , he turn around to face the city below , and raise he arm in victory . CUT to black .