creed ii written by sylvester stallone & cheo hodari coker mgm studio 245 n. beverly Dr. November 20 , 2017 beverly Hills , CA 90210 black screen scream . cheer . the kind that only carnage elicit . fade up on : adonis " donnie " creed . slow motion - stylize , backlit . all muscle and sweat , adonis stand in a shaft of light . he appear ready to explode into action . the music be a long , sustained , deep tone . rocky ( v.o. ) it 's only a three step climb up into this ring - Three . adonis slowly shift from foot to foot . rocky ( v.0 . ) -.. but someday it will feel as high as a mountain . in slow-mo , adonis pound he glove . rocky ( v.0 . ) " Cause the ring be the loneliest place in the world where nobody can help ya a ' all ya dream be crush by one perfect punch . adonis be eye be fixate on on he unseen opponent . rocky ( v.0 . ) ».-. ya ask yaself , be I in here to prove something to other people or prove something ' to yaself ? adonis shift from foot to foot . rocky ( v.o. ) ya better know ' cause there 's no hidin ' place when pain 's smashin ' into ya body and face like a hot hammer and ya scared to death and wonderin ' , " do I really have the gut to go through this or have I just be lyin ' to myself ? " Cause in here , ya learn the real truth once and for all - adonis take a deep breath . rocky ( v.o . ) + +. that you can not be better than you be . 2 . on the last word , there be a magnificent explosion of sound as a crowd of thousand roar to life !! it be jarring and exhilarating . commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) there go the bell for round one ! int . ring Light heavyweight champion danny " stuntman " wheeler charge at adonis - straight aggression , personal . the crowd go crazy ! adonis quickly side step and counter with a blistering right , leave upper - cut and two more rights . commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) wheeler 's stunne early ! commentator # 2 ( 0.s. ) he 's really rock ! adonis pour it on ! the crowd roar louder !! int . arena bianca , who be 5 month pregnant , jump to she foot , applaud wildly . bianca go , D - keep go ! int . ring adonis pound away with amazing fury . it be a human machine gun ! int . audience ANTHONY , mesmerize , lean forward . ( we will meet up and learn more about he soon . ) int . ring adonis take the counter flush and counterpunch , overwhelming wheeler with 15 unanswered punch !! commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) wheeler connect then - oh , he be counter !! and badly wobble - this be so unexpected !! int . ringside wheeler 's trainer , lil duke , scream for he hurt man to fight back ! int . ring - corner rocky on he foot . rocky stay on it ! body , head ! body , head ! int . ringside - audience dubious box promoter , buddy " king " charle eye the event , take in the crowd 's energy , loving it . int . ring wheeler struggle forward but be bombarded and terribly CUT ! commentator # 2 ( 0.s. ) wheeler attempt to get off the rope and be hit again and cut ! that 's a deep gash !! blood pour down at a sicken pace . int . ringside bianca' hearing aid sharply dip in SOUND as the thunderous audience fade drastically . her eye show concern as she continue to cheer adonis on . int . ring adonis catch wheeler with a perfectly straight right and the champ be drop . adonis go to a neutral corner . commentator # 3 ( v.o. ) wheeler have be know to cut but this be surgery - down go wheeler !! commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) what a beautifully time right cross - picture perfect ! int . audience buddy " king " charle have see enough and exit . buddy ( to bodyguard ) ++. it 's do . int . ring - wheeler' corner the gash be bad , very nasty . the ring doctor turn to the referee . referee wave he arm ! " stuntman " wheeler , distraught , pound the ring pad . inconsolable . commentator # 2 ( 0.s. ) that 's it !! it 's over !! adonis creed be the new Light heavyweight Champion of the World ! int . ring - CENTER rocky and corner pour in . bianca climb into the ring and hug adonis . adonis go over to wheeler and give he a sportsman- like pat on the shoulder . adonis face lil duke , wheeler 's trainer . adonis sorry , man - lil duke ai not nothing to be sorry ' bout - that 's fightin ' - you be great , you pop be smilin ' - yo , I will get ya ' stang back . adonis smile , move to the corner and greet rocky and bianca , hugging they both . bianca oh , baby , I be so proud of you ! my God , you be all good ? adonis »..- all good . rocky smile . int . audience seat in the cheaper seat ANTHONY applaud and glance around at the hero worshipp crowd . CUT to : int . creed mansion - night mary anne creed look incredibly relieved as she applaud . CUT to : int . ring announcer - winner by technical knockout and now , new Light heavyweight Champion of the World , adonis creed !! commentator # 2 stand center ring with adonis , rocky and bianca . adonis have never smile so broadly . commentator # 2 well , adonis , it be not a epic battle , but it be a hell of a beat down - this be the first time , at least in the heavier division , that there have ever be father and son undisputed title holder - you thought ? adonis I be bless with really good people around I - you come to see fight and that 's what you always get with I and more ! commentator # 2 now what ? int . arena hallway rocky have a little bag with he , all he fight corner stuff , swab , gel . tape . adonis and bianca walk about twenty foot ahead of he . rocky pause in front of : wheeler' dressing room . wheeler sit completely alone on a metal fold chair , eye red , tear . a sad sight . no music . no reveler . he 's all alone except for lil duke , who pack equipment up . adonis step into view ... adonis ++. c'mon , what 's up ? rocky and wheeler make eye contact . rocky know all to well this special pain . he give a sympathetic nod . adonis be effect by the bleak reality of the dark side of this sport . they move off . int . suite - mgm grand a huge suite back at the mgm grand . a ice sculpture make of the name " creed " . the party be in full swing . music . girls. food . they cheer when adonis enter the room . rocky smile . pull he close . rocky you earn it , kid . everywhere adonis move , someone have they hand out , as if reach for the hem of he garment . we hear snippet of overlap conversation like : producer when you get to LA , I gotta hook you up with - very attractive girl give very suggestive look as adonis pass through the well - wisher . flash go off as people take selfies . some make snap . it 's a frenzy . rocky stand in the corner . people around he take selfies . adonis pose for a selfie with a few high end fan . he see a man ( ANTHONY ) , ten year he senior , stare at he . adonis ( to bianca ) be right back . bianca who 's that ? adonis my brother . rocky look over and notice bianca be confuse expression . bianca Anthony ? adonis be right back . adonis nod and move off . this be unexpectedly emotional . rocky go to bianca , they talk . adonis go up to he brother . ANTHONY ( energetic ) you look great , brother , like we pop . adonis do not expect to see you , Anthony . ANTHONY well , I be around a ' it 's ' bout time ... we be blood and you have do something great tonight and I have be act the fool too long - I be real with that , I just have to get over " myself " - have not be easy for I , man , the better you do , the worse I feel about myself . it 's tough for a older brother to feel like the young brother , know what I be say ? adonis Mom know you be here ? ANTHONY " course , she want this , too - look , man , I be sorry for the ego bullshit , it 's over , right , I just want to be part of it again , part of where you be go , and I bring something to the party , I have get angle and idea . you want I around ? last time I look , there be not many creed leave . adonis study he brother be almost plead expression and they shake . bianca see the brother approach . adonis bianca , this be Anthony . bianca hey , hear a lot about you . adonis ( smile ) and my " unc " , Rocky , who help get I through this . ANTHONY be a little cool with rocky . ANTHONY what 's up ? bianca do you want to go ? adonis oh , yeah . catch up with y'all later . ANTHONY thank you , brother . they move off . ANTHONY and rocky lock eye . ANTHONY ( cont 'd ) remember I ? met I and my sister a long time back at pop funeral . we sister pass a few year back , only I and he now - so you the " White daddy " runnin ' the show ? rocky ( offended ) nobody run nothin ' - yo , where be you when he need somebody ? ANTHONY ( indignant ) - no offense , but we be real blood , you be not - ( move off ) stallion , thanks for take better care of he than ya do we pop ... ANTHONY walk off into the crowd . int . bedroom - mgm grand suite - night floor to ceiling window , with a expansive view of the Las Vegas Strip . bianca it 's a madhouse out there . adonis crazy , right ? let ‘em enjoy it . my victory 's right here . bianca you brother just show up - adonis yeah , but hold that conversation later , it 's we time . they share a kiss . she look around the room . there 's a room service table with a champagne bucket in the middle . adonis ( cont 'd ) look inside . bianca see two pint of ice cream inside the bucket . adonis ( cont 'd ) where would that come from ? adonis sit on the bed . take he shirt off . exhausted . bianca sit next to he . she take the chocolate ice cream with she . bianca Babe . how do you feel ? adonis what ? bianca like " Champion of the world " ? adonis smile . adonis ( tongue in cheek ) Nah , I feel empty and sad inside . adonis look at she and lean back . adonis ( cont 'd ) so could ya feed the champ some ice cream ? bianca look at he . bianca Excuse I ? adonis c'mon , I have have a rough night . bianca ( smile ) I have a " rougher " night than you have tonight . adonis -.. there 's injury everywhere . bianca sure there be . adonis c'mon , can not you feed you man some ice cream ? bianca why do not you get one of that bimbos out there to do that ? 10. adonis that ice cream look very good - gonna melt soon . bianca shake she head and open the pint . she cover she mouth . stuck in the center of the ice cream be a 5 carat diamond ring . bianca oh my God ! adonis smile . bianca ( cont 'd ) donnie . adonis take the ring out of the ice cream and get on one knee . adonis bianca - bianca --. yes . bianca smile . tear in she eye . adonis ++. Love you , baby , more every minute . ext . rotterdam , netherland - night a dank , cold night on the outskirt of the city . a dark sedan pull up to a low - level fight club . out of the car step fight promoter buddy " king " charle and he bodyguard . int . basement buddy be guide past the dank room and cubbyhole that serve as place for fighter to get ready for they match ... depress as it get . buddy pass a half dozen brawlers of different weight . none be special . a gym rat converse with buddy and point to a room at the end of the corridor . buddy approach a hulking figure with sharp feature stand in the shadow . the big man study another large young man with a menace aura , in box garb , face away , warming up in the corner . 11. buddy Ivan arloff ? drago ignore the well - dress entrepreneur . drago ».. who be you ? buddy I have a business proposition might be interested in . drago who be you ? buddy buddy " King " Charles , box promotion . I would like to think there 's a great opportunity for you both to capitalize on the drago name that you and you son have not use for year . drago what be you talk about ? buddy about you and you name . the young fighter continue to warm up , ignore they . buddy ( cont 'd ) I know you history , the " history " with that family and I know the public like a great story and great storey sell , very simple - drago look hard at he . buddy ( cont 'd ) you be use , you take the blame for a man 's death when it be not you fault - you basically be throw out of you country after you give everything you be ask to give , ashamed to even use you real name and he , whose real name be not even creed , get glory . drago ( dryly ) feel sorry for I ? 12 . buddy of course I do . a man only have he pride to stand on and I think it 's time for you to get a little payback - why should adonis creed come out of nowhere and get all the acclaim and respect when you and you son get none ? you son be tough , I follow he record , tough fight but no promotion lead no where . he should be where creed be , not here , but on a world stage . you son in the ring with the son of Apollo creed be more than box , it 's a event ! take you name back - creed do , now it 's you time to take back what you lose . what go around , come around . this be a event ... a life changer . drago glare at he . drago nothin ' will change my life - maybe he . buddy vitor " drago " - you want to do this ? vitor ignore he and exit , head to the ring . smash CUT : int . fight club - night bell ring . buddy " king " charle watch vitor drago rapidly charge forward and unleash a savage kickboxing beat on he middle eastern opponent . the low life crowd scream for blood . it 's feral assault . vitor be a vicious predator . buddy have never see such ferocity . bone crushing combination batter the opponent helplessly to the fitly canvas ... vitor mock the fall opponent . buddy glance at drago and lock eye with he . buddy 's find a gold mine . vitor exit and speak as he pass the promoter . vitor ( to buddy ) let 's do this . ext . van nuy airport - day the door open and adonis , bianca , ANTHONY and rocky down . adonis hey , cali . adonis turn to bianca . adonis ( cont 'd ) you sure you do not want I to drop you off ? bianca look at adonis . bianca no , I want they to see and hear I for I . not you . ANTHONY all right , you go - I be not , throwin ' shade on you . rocky pick up he bag . adonis come with we , unc ? rocky Nah - I gotta few thing to do . adonis nod . adonis cool - come by the house for dinner ? he 's get the address . rocky sure , kid . a escalade pull up for adonis and ANTHONY . another bianca and another one for rocky . rocky ( cont 'd ) I coulda grab a cab . adonis it 's uber . no one take cab anymore . rocky see ya 's later . adonis shield he eye as he look at bianca . 13 . step one for 14 . adonis can not see you with all that bling . bianca laugh and get in the car . ANTHONY and adonis get in they suv . all pull off in different direction . ext . agency - day adonis and ANTHONY walk inside the large building people in Hollywood call the death Star . int . agency a beautiful view of century City and a long ass marble table with bottle of fiji and folder that say creed inc . trevor and jelani , two handsome , well dress agent work they magic . adonis nike , we can re-negotiate . under armour want to do business in a major way . ANTHONY and reebok and adida do not even do box and they just want you too , right ? jelani true . adonis sound good - creed , Inc. gym - 24 - hour fitness situation , explore that ? ( to Anthony ) you , too . ANTHONY we will explore it . oh , yeah - ever think about invest in a app ? ANTHONY ( cont 'd ) that silicon money be serious , brother . adonis smile . adonis I have think of a lot of thing - I be gonna have my brother get involved in the day - to - day operation , so when something have potential , reach out to he . ( more ) 15 . adonis ( cont 'd ) I have three fight I want , include the rematch , which will not be a long way off - and I have get a lot on my mind and I think it 's relatable , so I want to get involved in public speak , online education - I want to get a message out , goal and dignity and how to pursue both - sound like a mouthful but I mean it . first topic : " life 's a fight everyone have to fight . " while he speak , we see ANTHONY be eye flash with envy . ANTHONY ( laugh ) when be you go to sleep ? ext . apple office - santa monica - day we be outside the office of what have become the world 's large record company . ava fisher ( 0.s. ) you voice be sexy - it pull you in . int . conference room - day bianca be sit across from ava fisher , a record executive . two assistant be present . bianca' music be play . her newest composition . everyone be like it a great deal . ava smile at she assistant , who nod back . bianca look encourage . the song be wonderful and loud . the SOUND begin to fade in bianca' ear . she subtly touch she hide hearing aids . the music get lower and she try to suppress she fear . her nail dig into she palm . the SOUND slowly begin to ebb back and bianca put on a brave face . the music end and so do the emotional roller coaster . bianca you want to sign I ? ava fisher I do not do general meeting , I only do business and we want to be in business with you , love that Philly thing you get go - sexy . bianca be silent . 16 . ava fisher ( cont 'd ) you be not excited . bianca I be - Excuse I . she nonchalantly remove one of she hearing aid . bianca ( cont 'd ) " show time " - the battery 's die - I do not hide it , I just deal with it - ava and the junior execs be take aback . bianca begin to insert the battery . bianca ( cont 'd ) I could feel they go down in Vegas . the higher frequency be the first to go . imagine hearing someone argue on the other side of this wall . you hear the voice but can not understand the word . the battery be in and she replace the hearing aid . bianca ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) all better - still interested ? ava fisher ... of course we be interested - I want you on the road , perform you song - first we will set up a showcase in Philadelphia then bring down the major label exec 's from New York to hear the ' new ' Philly sound , they will love it , trust I . bianca sound great - y'know , I be pregnant . ava fisher ( smile ) she 's just full of surprise . ext . hollywood cemetery - day rocky walk up to apollo creed headstone which be quite elaborate . 17 . rocky ».- so , long time , friend - hard to believe you be right here and I can not see ya - it 's like everybody 's goin ' someplace - yo , ya kid 's do good - very good , not as good as you yet , maybe never . ya do not know how good ya be until ya think ya starin ' at angel , right ?.. I be suppose to go to ya house , but I do not wanna ... I bring ya this . he pull out a pair of adonis' boxing glove . rocky ( cont 'd ) ya kid win the title in they . I be gonna leave ‘em . I know somebody will steal them but I think ya be proud . he hang the glove over the headstone . rocky ( cont 'd ) ++. look nice . ext . creed mansion - night the uber pull up and rocky exit . he look anxious ... out front be the black mustang that adonis win back . the front door open and mary anne creed step out . her expression be hard to read ... the car leave . mary anne hello , Rocky . rocky ( nervous ) how ya doin ' Mary Anne ? mary anne ++. I hear you be come . rocky ( awkwardly ) yeah , adonis , he say I should come over - be it okay ? a moment of silence . mary anne of course - would you like to come in ? 18 . rocky ++. sure . int . creed trophy room mary anne have a drink and walk into the dramatically light room . case of trophy and at least ten different championship belt . several large dramatically light photo of assort title fight . mary anne ++. this be like a museum . I do not know why I keep all this around - not exactly a feel good room . do you keep old thing , too ? rocky be incredibly uncomfortable . rocky few thing - the restaurant . mary anne people like see it , do not they ? talk about the good old day . rocky ( very uncomfortable ) sorta - we be not so busy ... y'know , I shoulda call ya more . mary anne nobody 's blame you . rocky I - I be blamin ' I ... sorry I do not stay in touch . ( shrug ) mary anne and say what ? Apollo be he own man . rocky ( look move ) if I could turn the clock back ... mary anne the clock stop the day you let he take you place . I be there . rocky I know - 19 . mary anne ++. you love you wife ? rocky ++. course . mary anne and you get to spend many year with she , the way it be suppose to be . what if that never happen , it would have be hard . rocky oe . very . mary anne Apollo be not perfect and what happen , but he love you , respected you and now here we be again . I know he come to you and all I ask be to never let something happen again , because he will push it a ' push it , like he father . he can not help it - rocky stare at the floor . mary anne ( cont 'd ) I be over accuse , the blame , do no good anymore , but what if it happen to he ... because it could . you have one man die in you hand , what will you say ? rocky ++. I love you son . rocky stare deep into mary anne be eye , ponder the moment . ext . union station a cab pull up and rocky exit with he bag . int . union station rocky be image be dwarf by the high - beam Spanish concourse . ext . creed mansion - night a black escalade pull up and adonis , ANTHONY and bianca step out . adonis see the mustang , elate . 20 . adonis my ' stang 's back . ANTHONY I call lil Duke a ' say , you man get whipped good , so now show some class a ' give back my little brother 's ride back fast . head into the house , bianca eye he . int . creed mansion adonis , bianca and ANTHONY enter . mary anne greet they . mary anne welcome - welcome ! before I say any more to you boy , I need to hug this young lady . congratulation , how do you feel ? she hug bianca . bianca wonderful . mary anne you look beautiful . ( to Anthony ) glad you two work thing out - it 's important . adonis Rocky 's come by soon . mary anne he do , but he leave . adonis Left ? be there a problem ? mary anne no , he just say he want to go home . ANTHONY ( walk off ) man 's get a restaurant to run . adonis we be suppose to be celebrate . he help make everythin ' happen . 21 . bianca you help he just as much . adonis reflect . bianca ( cont 'd ) he will be fine ... baby , we get to be concentrate on we life now . mary anne ».. dinner 's about ready . adonis still troubled by the departure , nod and enter . ANTHONY reappear by the door . ANTHONY +. check out what 's on tv - hurry up . ext . creed mansion - live room adonis step closer to the large screen tv . bianca and mary anne be on the sofa . ANTHONY be stand behind adonis . sportscaster ( on tv ) maybe one of the most hate man in box history ! live in near seclusion , the former Russian super fighter , who be formally defeat by american boxer Rocky balboa in 1986 , be back in the picture with he son , also a heavyweight who have be fight under a different family name for many year ... why ? why come out of the " shadow " now ? buddy ( on tv ) drago feel this " young " creed have a life he do not deserve , do not earn . adonis ( to Anthony ) this man 's a thief - he 's be try to promote I . ANTHONY take this in . sportscaster ( on tv ) why would you want to open old wound ? drago ( on tv ) they never close . drago and vitor remain silent . sportscaster ( on tv ) be you haunt by the former champion 's death ? drago ( on tv ) - not at all . sportscaster ( on tv ) you feel no responsibility ? drago ( on tv ) ».. it be fight . he lose , what more be to say ? drago stare emotionless at the crowd and interviewer . drago ( on tv ) ( cont 'd ) I be a great fighter and I have to leave my country like a dog - Politics - I live in other country like a dog , ashamed of my name , my son have to live like this , too - sportscaster ( on tv ) so do you want revenge through you son ? vitor ( on tv ) we want what be owed . sportscaster ( on tv ) what exactly do you think you be owed ? vitor ( on tv ) everything - what they have - what be fair . sportscaster ( on tv ) and what be you feeling about balboa , since it be you fight ? drago ( on tv ) I do not want to talk about he . bianca why be we watch this ? mary anne exit the room . adonis turn it off . ANTHONY that old man a ' he punk be call you out ! you gotta answer back . 22 . 23 . bianca why ? ANTHONY why ? sportscaster ( on tv ) so what be it exactly you want ? drago ( on tv ) they bring I to this country , dishonor I - sportscaster ( on tv ) dishonor ? Apollo be the one who die . drago ( on tv ) not my fault - he be not strong enough . bianca turn it off - it 's a stupid publicity stunt , money grab . ANTHONY so what ? it 's a amazing opportunity . D , you would tear the muscle - bound punk up - bullshit kickboxer , what 's that ? you would mess he up and make a statement , man , and the money . creed Inc . he 's a bum , no skill , brother . buddy ( on tv ) drago 's son deserve some respect - life be suppose to give second chance - this man have live a real life , adonis creed take the easy route . he get a break he do not deserve . if he father do not break down barrier , if he be not a real warrior , adonis creed would not exist . without " the name " who be he , really ? ANTHONY c'mon , D - let 's do this . adonis rise and exit . 24 . bianca ( exite ) I be ask you nicely to stop push this , understand I - do not mess with we life , mess with you own . ANTHONY -+. he should do it . adonis keep go , incense . ext . train - night the moon be rise as the passenger train rumble down the track . int . train - night rocky sit alone , stare out into the darkness whipping past . there be only ten passengers in the club car . a younger couple be watch a movie on a iPad . a older , sleep hispanic woman sit across the aisle from rocky . rocky open he old fashioned wallet and pull out a plastic accordion 10 - picture holder and stare at the small photo from he past : adrian , mickey , ROBERT , he dog , paulie , infant shot , etc . int . creed mansion - night adonis sit in the den watch footage of he father' fight . he study the grand image closely . the footage be of drago beat apollo . he switch to he own personal fight . we see adonis beat a half dozen opponent ... ANTHONY enter . he pace in front of adonis . he hold up he ipad . ANTHONY this shit be trending already - you do not start this but you can finish it , you should . it 's a chance to throw down , make a statement , everything 's on you side and I want to contribute , be part of it . you get a chance to do something big . this fight would make " the statement " , son of the great boxer ever - this word " ever " dig at adonis . ANTHONY ( cont 'd ) - against the man who beat the life out of he . ( more ) 25 . ANTHONY ( cont 'd ) besides be the " right " thing to do , ya get a family on the way , this be " generational " money . pop would say do it for you family , for that kind of cash , he would come back from the dead - I know you will beat this big punk easy , he 's get no real skill - if I have what you have I would be on it tomorrow . ext . STREET - night adonis be alone in he mustang . driving nowhere in particular . he be lose in thought . hip hop music drift from the radio ... he turn if off and stare out into the night . ext . europe - early morning it be cool , miserable , misty weather . we see vitor drago jogging in a crappy , mostly desert , old industrial section of town . his hood be pull tight as sweat and rain pour down he face . he look menace . follow close behind be ivan drago . his countenance be cold , pitiless . he flash the light indicate to pick up the pace . vitor do not . ivan blast the horn ! still , vitor remain defiant . ivan bring the car closer , so close in fact , that he nearly brushes up against the back of he son 's leg . vitor suddenly leap to the side and pound the hood with a hammer fist . ivan slam on the brake and slowly get out . he match he son 's seethe stare . drago ( in Russian ) run - you be I - I be you . the only sound be the monotonous rain as the smolder tension subside as vitor peel off and continue run . ivan stare at the retreate figure . ext . club - rotterdam - night on this cold , misty night , house music thump out of the successful club as people arrive . 26 . out front be vitor who be head of security ... dress warmly , he decide who get in and who do not . two high punk in they early twenty try to get in . vitor menacingly gesture that they better get out of there . intimidate , they move on . vitor be a hard man . ext . penn station - philadelphia - day a wide shot of the historic building . rocky hold he suitcase be see exite the station . ext . hospital - day int . hospital - exam room - continuous rocky be with the female doctor who have treat he for the past two year . she scan a report . rocky any good news in there ? doctor yes - the good news be the lymphoma be in remission . rocky reversed ? doctor you could say that . rocky so I be gonna be around a while ? doctor ( smile ) if the sign and symptom stay reduce and remain that way for at least five year , you be pretty much disease - free . of course , you must keep up with the prescription - but thing be look good . rocky give a slight pensive smile . rocky fantastic , really , my kid 's come to visit with my grandson for the holiday , be like forever - now I get some good news to talk about for a change . ( vise ) yo , Doc , thanks , you do great . 27 . ext . jet terminal - night adonis exit the terminal with bianca and ANTHONY plus airport curbside personnel . several video film crews and paparazzi with they iphone recording be there as they head straight to the wait suv . reporter # 1 adonis , bianca - be it good to be back home ? bianca always . reporter # 2 be you fight drago 's son ? adonis do not believe everything you hear . reporter # 3 but he 's call you out , be not he ? ANTHONY he 's just a big bum with a big mouth . reporter # 1 so who 's next ? adonis bianca 's sing tomorrow , do not miss it . that will be better than any of my fight ! ext . rocky / mickey' gym - day fishtown . Rocky 's hellhole neighborhood . several construction truck be outside . rocky enter . several fighter , mostly young , be training ... the place have be bring almost back to the way it be in the beginning . the co-owner from creed - pete - be present . rocky good job - I like it the old way . pete but who 's comin ' to this neighborhood ? hey , be you guy doin ' it on or not ? rocky doin ' what ? 28 . pete fightin ' drago 's kid . where you be ? rocky on a train . pete they're talk about adonis fight drago 's kid , not a bad idea , guy 's muscle bound , easy day at office . rocky ».. nothin ' easy . pete when it happen , I want my kid on the card , okay ? rocky exit . ext . adonis a suv with prepare to rocky 's van and bianca' apartment - night driver be park out front . adonis exit and enter . bianca be beautifully dress . pull into view . he exit . rocky how ya doin ' - glad I catch ya - ( to bianca ) ya look beautiful . bianca thank you - everything all right ? rocky yeah , I gotta ask ya something about trainin ' - adonis okay , she 's sing tonight - what 's the problem ? bianca enter . ANTHONY hold back . I rocky hear about you and drago 's kid - that 's not real , right ? somebody 's goofin' . adonis they think it 's real . 29 . rocky be it real for you ? you say what ? no , right ? adonis I do not say anything . ANTHONY you will walk through he - that 's a event . rocky you do not know what ya talkin ' about - adonis no , it 's just talk - rocky ya a real fighter - it 's beneath you - adonis beneath I ? maybe , but you do it . rocky different - different reason - Truth be , there 's piece I still have not find - it 's not worth it . if ya care about what I think , please , move on - adonis okay , get it - she 's gonna be late . rocky sorry - good luck , bianca - so , I can breathe easy ? adonis smile . adonis yeah , you can breathe easy . ANTHONY you be make such a big deal out of this - rocky ( ignore he ) ».. thanks . see ya at the gym . adonis exit . 30 . int . music venue - philadelphia - night bianca perform the song we watch she compose during the adonis montage . adonis watch she all light up and glow . she be beautiful . ANTHONY , arrive late , position himself near the stage . Music executive ava fisher look on with she boss and assistant . as bianca reach the bridge of the song , suddenly the blood drain from bianca 's face even though she 's still sing and smile . from bianca' Pov she hearing fade and come and goe . she touch she earpiece . bianca ( while sing ) +... sorry , little off tonight . adonis watch she with mount disappointment . the audience be muttering . bianca finish to courteous applause and she go off stage . ava scan the patron . her boss say something negative to she and leave . adonis hug bianca . bianca ( cont 'd ) what do I just do ? adonis it be beautiful , baby . believe it . ANTHONY approach . ANTHONY I will give it to you - that be strong . bianca ( to ava ) sorry - ava fisher ( double-talk ) well , it be good , but a little bumpy . you handle it beautifully . bianca thanks - be everything still on ? 31 . ava fisher I do not think so . bianca it be a malfunction - wo not happen again . ava fisher I be sure . we will be in touch . bianca thanks . ava fisher move off . bianca ( cont 'd ) that 's it . they be not call . adonis do not say that . bianca be real , okay - it 's do . a dj play music . fan and celebrity as well as all the rest of the wannabe and demo hustler that come to showcase look for a angle , be move to the beat . bianca ( cont 'd ) let 's go , please . the music abruptly stop . tone trump ( 0.s. ) tone trump in the house !! adonis and bianca look at each other and then look up and see that tone trump the rapper that adonis skirmish with , have take the stage . tone trump ( cont 'd ) lot of star from Philly make it big . tone trump ( cont 'd ) kobe Bryant , I will give prop to will Smith . I will even give it up to my idol grow up , Apollo creed . but baby creed ? he can eat a dick . in fact , he can swallow my Johnson . that 's he name . Johnson ? 32 . cheer and boo from the crowd . eye be on adonis and bianca . ANTHONY check out adonis' reaction . cameras ( and cell phone flash ) go off . tone trump ( cont 'd ) I see you , baby creed . wrote a song about you . yo , anybody want to hear my song ? cheer . a beat drop ... and I hate to say it , but the beat be FIRE . and tone start rapping about adonis and drago . like Ice cube 's " no vaseline " or jay - Z 's " takeover " this may be a diss track , but it 's dope . bianca do not - D , let 's go . Hell with this . adonis ( to tone ) you and you bitch crew , c'mon , bring it . but then tone start rapping about this : tone trump «+ . deaf bitch from around the way ... adonis head for the stage ! flash go off . ANTHONY and security pull he back . bianca D , no ! he 's a pig ! ANTHONY Nah , man , not here . let 's go . adonis let 's handle this shit right now . tone trump , with glee , go back to rapping about how young drago would kick adonis 's ass . tone trump " either one . Father or son . done be do . " everyone 's recording with they phone . security quickly usher adonis and bianca out of the club . 33 . int . suburban - night speed down Broad Street . nothing but silence and tight jaw in the car . adonis look at he iphone X . the footage of the diss and he freakout be everywhere . mediatakeout. worldtar . instagram . adonis I gotta know who set this up , ' cause this shit 's not by accident ! ANTHONY the label probably set this up . bianca what ?! ANTHONY yeah , if thing 's do not go sideways , this would have be great hype . adonis stare at he hand for a moment . adonis ( calmly ) I be take the drago fight . ANTHONY now you be be smart . bianca it 's not " smart " . ANTHONY why 's he in the game then ? easiest money you will ever make , c'mon , bianca . bianca ( to Anthony ) I want to go somewhere alone with he , you mind ? ANTHONY Drop I off . ext . bianca' former apartment build - night a s.u.v. pull up to the weathered apartment building and adonis and bianca exit . adonis look at the building . 34 . adonis why be we here ? bianca do you remember that the first word you have with I in this building be a complaint ? adonis yeah , you be noisy . bianca and I remember when I look down from that window that I almost fall out of because you be so damn handsome - I love you at first sight and it 's only get stronger . nobody be go to love you more than I , except the child I be carry . do you really want to bring the " past " into we life ? really ? when you do not have to ? we get so much ahead - let 's make we own history , not old history . raise a family the way we wish we be raise - you do not need this , " we " do not need this - move on , D , if I can give up something that I want my whole life , you can sacrifice a little , too . I believe you can do anything , but I do not want you to do this . adonis what kind of man just walk away ? bianca a man who love something more than himself ... adonis pace then go up to bianca , hug she . ext . adrian' restaurant - night a slight glow from the neon sign indicate the joint be open . int . adrian' restaurant the place be half full . rocky be at the front , greeting the few customer and read a dogeared novel . over the bar be a inexpensive paper banner that read '' welcome back home ! " big spider be behind the bar , blankly watch tv . rocky be make small talk and glance out of the window . 35 . spider see the interview , the same one with drago and son . spider ( to Rocky ) hey - he gesture to the tv . rocky come over , see drago . his heart drop . he turn it up . drago ( on tv ) I be a great fighter and I have to leave my country like a dog . outside , a taxi pull up and ROBERT balboa , jr. step out with he son , 8 - year - old logan . rocky see the taxi and turn off the interview and dash outside . rocky yo , finally ! ya 's look great . he hug ROBERT . face the child . rocky ( cont 'd ) hey , there , Logan - wow , do he grow . ROBERT yeah - rocky c'mon inside , it 's a nasty cold night - so glad ya 's make it ! they enter . rocky ( cont 'd ) ( to spider ) give them a hand with the bag , okay ? spider exit . rocky hug he son again and turn to logan . ROBERT look to the sign . ROBERT you do not need to do that . rocky ( laugh ) - course I do . 36 . ROBERT well , thanks , it 's get late , he 's tired , actually , I be tired too , so we better get to a hotel . just want to stop by and say hi first . rocky no hotel , I would love ya to stay with I - I be right here , upstairs , there 's plenty of room . please come on , buy new sheet a ' everything . ( to Logan ) wanna see something ' kinda rare ? int . adrian' restaurant - upstair rocky carry one suitcase and ROBERT carry the other as they climb the narrow , dark old stair . rocky this be all ya 's bring ? ROBERT it 's enough . though they try hard not to show it , ROBERT and logan be take aback by the tight , hundred - year- old accommodation . it 's a time warp . rocky the joint 's old , but do not leak much - check this out . rocky go to the brand new , modern , colorful aquarium . it be by far the nicest object in the room . in the tank be he pet turtle . rocky ( cont 'd ) wake up ! ya get good company - this be " cuff " and he friend speedin ' around in there be " link " . I have have this bum for over 40 year . ( to Robert ) right ? ROBERT yeah - my whole life . rocky they be walkin ' rock , but nice - yo , thanks for comin ' - we will have some fun . 37 . ext . philadelphia - airport - night drago , vitor and buddy " king " charle exit the building ... they be guide they towards two wait suv by a bodyguard . ext . museum - night the camera pan down to find drago and he son near the base of the rocky statue : pure , cold hatred pour from drago 's eye . seat in the second suv be buddy " king " charle who be on the phone ... drago spit and lock eye with he son , then peel off to the suv , follow by vitor . int . adonis' condo - night adonis lay in bed . the nightly newscast be on tv . bianca practice she music in the other room on the piano . adonis ignore the tv as he stare at a ipad in he hand . he be watch a video on sign language for the deaf . he imitate some of the basic hand gesture . sportscaster # 1 ( 0.s . ) ++. that cover the NBA - at the moment now for box , newly crown Light heavyweight champ , adonis creed have agree to a rematch with the unlucky " stuntman " wheeler . " stuntman " wheeler appear on camera . adonis glance up , then back to the ipad . wheeler ( 0.s. ) it be just a freak accident - wait ' till next time . adonis put away the ipad and step into the other room . sportscaster # 1 ( 0.s. ) +... the top contender be stop in the first round in what be a very unpopular performance . adonis study bianca almost serenely write lyric while tapping the piano 's key . her hearing aids be on the piano . adonis what be you work on ? 38 . she do not hear he . his heart break . he go to she . see he approach , she put in the hearing aid and softly smile . bianca +.. this be a slight improvement . adonis what have you be up to ? bianca write lyric . adonis can I read they ? bianca «+ . go ahead . adonis - I like this line . bianca +. really ? be you just say that ? c.u. line : " how much can you take when you can not take no more ... " adonis I like it - sound like a fight song - very nice . he kiss she and she carry on . adonis ( cont 'd ) ».. I may have to steal it . bianca start to write . adonis ( cont 'd ) ( into she eye ) ++. I tell you I will let it go , but I want to be a good man and a good father and I can only do that if I feel good about myself - if something change , I need you to be with I and believe in I ... I need that . bianca touch he face and she continue to write . int . office - night buddy " king " charle sit behind he elaborate modern desk . 39 . drago and vitor grimly watch a sport broadcast of the announcement of the wheeler / creed rematch . drago face buddy , who just gesture with he all go to be all right . ext . rocky's gym - day rocky stand with logan and ROBERT outside of that be be restore . logan they be knockin ' everything down . rocky yeah , they be busy , but I be keepin ' this joint . ( to Robert ) ya dad spend a lot of hour here , do not ya ? ROBERT Long time ago - why restore this place ? the neighborhood be go . rocky but I be not - logan that where you learn to fight ? rocky yeah , do a little smackin ' in there - pain 's a good coach . point to the pet shop . rocky ( cont 'd ) met ya amazin ' mother a ' ya grandmother over there - it be fun . ROBERT should we go inside . rocky okay - logan can you teach I to fight ? rocky have to ask ya father about that . ROBERT I do not think so . hand that it 's the old gym 40 . logan I would like to try , ROBERT there 's no upside to get hit in the head when you do not have to . rocky be slightly offended but brushes it off . rocky Nah , one punchin ' bag per family be enough . ROBERT I be not try to insult you . rocky -.. it 's okay , I think it 's funny . they all enter . int . rocky's gym - day adonis be now work with padman in the ring . twenty other boxer be present . place be packed with fan , hanger - on , punch -drunk pug , you name it . rocky look at the clock . rocky keep it goin ' - get all that pizza out of ya - adonis ( punch ) Love that pizza !! rocky 30 second . ROBERT and logan be present . ROBERT feel out of place . this be like a flashback of he life . as rocky watch adonis with real concern , ROBERT feel a twinge of jealousy . ROBERT so how long have you be training he ? throughout , rocky never take he eye off adonis . rocky two and a half year - ( to adonis ) do not square up , wider stance ! adonis ( still work ) Love that pizza ! rocky ( eye on adonis ) Logan , ya wanna learn to do that ? logan sure . ROBERT how long you think you will want to do this ? rocky ( watch only adonis ) as long as he want I - Logan , ya father use to move good , too . ROBERT - not really . rocky no , ya move pretty good . ROBERT until I quit . rocky ya have school stuff - ( to adonis ) time ! bell ring . ROBERT can I see you alone ? Logan , come on . he head outside . rocky ( sense something ) sure . ext . gym - day father and son and logan step into the bite cold . sense something be amiss . rocky ( to Logan ) ' nippy ' out here . ( nervous ) ( more ) 41 . rocky 42 . rocky ( cont 'd ) ++. there 's a goofy word , ' nippy ' - who make that up ? ROBERT +.. yeah . Logan , could you please wait in the car . logan why ? ROBERT it 's cold . logan get into the rental car . father and son drift into a alley way . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) you know I love you . rocky Love you , too . ROBERT you know what 's really special about you ? rocky special ? not really . ROBERT you be like a season that never change . rocky ( at a loss ) ».. wow - be that a good thing ? ROBERT for what you ' do ' and ' do ' it 's a plus - outside the ring , I do not know . rocky shift uneasily . ROBERT ( cont 'd ) ever see the way you look at he , at adonis ? rocky how ? ROBERT like he 's part of you . 44 . 43 . rocky no , just look that way , maybe - you be my only son . ROBERT I know , but face it , I could not live up to whatever make you " you " , maybe he can , but I do not want my kid go through that . grow up be tough enough without he be in you " shadow " , too . rocky my shadow 's go - I be old . ROBERT it 's never go - y'know , I try to get you attention all the time , an' I even try fight , but I be not very good , so I stop try , and you know what you say ? rocky ».. I forget sometimes . ROBERT you say " do not worry about it . you can not be better than you be " . rocky it 's just word . ROBERT yeah , but do I need to hear it ? not live up to what you be , that 's a tough pill to swallow . rocky just be " you " , how hard be that ? ROBERT try tell that to other people . it 's not so easy live with this name . rocky could be harder livin ' without it . ROBERT you just live in a different world . rocky ( shrug ) «+. yeah . 44 , ROBERT it 's harder to make it now . rocky well , it be never easy , son - y'know , I think maybe , when thing have get a little too hard for you , you look around for a soft spot to lay down . ROBERT you be call I a quitter now - it 's all right , adonis would never quit , would he ? rocky he 's someone else 's son - you be my only - one hundred percent , everything I could do , I do for you and ya beautiful mother , I even do not mind takin ' a beatin ' so so ya could have nice thing - I think I do pretty good . ROBERT yes , you do , but you expect so much —- rocky what ? maybe a " thanks " now and then ROBERT I could never live up to what you want . rocky I never think I be ya competition , just ya father . ROBERT father and son , it can not be help - it 's the way it be . rocky do not have to be . ROBERT it 's the way it be , you do not get that . rocky I do not wanna get it . 45 . %* rocky study he old , batter fist . 45 . rocky ( cont 'd ) I be never seein ' ya again , aml ... it 's okay , do not answer - I do not wanna know , ' cause then maybe anythin ' can happen , right ? ROBERT «+. yeah . rocky y'know , it 's sad , each of we think we be right a ' the other be wrong a ' the truth be flyin ' around somewhere - if I could be somebody else a ' make thing good between we , I would jump in but I be just this - y'know , I never lie to a friend , never hurt nobody who do not deserve it - rocky step a few pace forward . rocky ( cont 'd ) a ' I only give you the best I could ever give until I have nothin ' leave . rocky pause , point to the gym . rocky ( cont 'd ) ( gesture toward the gym ) gotta go ... they need I in there - he start to move off . rocky ( cont 'd ) ».. please visit ya mother before ya go . ROBERT nod and move away . he enter the car . rocky step into view . logan put he hand up in a boxing pose . rocky do likewise . the vehicle pull away . the sound of a pound speed bag swell . int . gym - day a latino middleweight fighter pound away on the speed bag . the aura in the gum be dark , joyless ... something be in the air . the other twenty fighter work on various piece of equipment . a group of on-looker sit along the three tier bench . 46 . adonis work out with the punch mitt hold by padman . rocky labor up the stair , thoroughly discourage . as he pause to collect he thought , ANTHONY arrive and energetically ascend the step . ANTHONY ( pass by ) you okay , stallion ? he angle past . ANTHONY see adonis in the ring . he pass . ANTHONY ( cont 'd ) get two company bid for the ring mat . he enter the office . rocky will himself out of the doldrum with each ascend step . he arrive at the top of the step , look like he old self . he head toward adonis . rocky ( to fighter ) c'mon , let 's see some good sweatin ' ! shake a ' bake ! adonis glance at he while he pound away . rocky seem to be push he enthusiasm a little too hard . rocky ( cont 'd ) c'mon , kid - there 's nobody better than you ! hit that thing - go for it ! that 's it ! adonis hit the pad with increase intensity . ext . gym - day two black suv pull up , follow by local news van and a t.m.z.- type organization . out step drago and vitor . buddy " king " charle climb out of the second suv . int . gym stair - day p.o.v. of the news cameras as they follow the man up the staircase , filming in a documentary style . in the ring : 47 . rocky hold a water bottle as adonis sip . rocky I like everything ya doin ' . very good ! but whip they shoulder more - rocky demonstrate the move . buddy ( 0.s. ) adonis creed ! adonis pivot towards the voice . buddy make he way forward . the video cameras ' operator now swing in front of he . buddy ( cont 'd ) you do not respond to my many call and invitation , so we think we would publicly drop by - drago and vitor clear the step of the staircase . rocky lay eye on drago for the first time in over 30 year . it be very intense . drago what be you lookin ' at ? rocky why do not you move ? drago make I . ANTHONY drift out of the office . he appear anxious . buddy you fight for money , right , then keep fight for it , because you certainly do not fight for honor ! adonis better get out of here . rocky I get this - ( to drago ) nobody want you here . drago smile and move forward . drago I do . ANTHONY look up at adonis . 48 . buddy adonis , nobody want to see that wheeler re-match . they want something better - be this challenge too much for you , adonis ? rocky lean over to padman and whisper . padman pull out a phone . the other gym fighter now congregate near the front of the ring , provide a type of buffer zone . drago why be you afraid of my son ? rocky ( to adonis ) do not talk - adonis not afraid of anybody . buddy good , because there 's the chance to make thing right - you know what I be talk about , everyone do . so take it , what be you wait for ? you know what this man do to you father . you can live with that ? ( to Rocky ) can he ? rocky why do not you shut you mouth a ' get out . adonis yeah , get out . vitor or what be you gonna do ? adonis ( to buddy ) Control you dog before I whip he ass . vitor what would you say ?! adonis ( to buddy ) you hear I . 49 , vitor this dog will kick you ass ! buddy not yet ! ( to adonis ) when be you go to face this man ?! you just scared ? be he too big ? Rocky fight big man , do not you ? you be not afraid . drago he be now . rocky let 's go - adonis start to exit . vitor the pussy turn he back - ANTHONY glance over at buddy , who nod . adonis what 's you problem man ? ( gesture toward drago ) how much shit you put in he head ? vitor hey , I be the real nigger here , who live like shit when you be havin ' ya ass kiss a ' usin ' a name that be not even yours1l adonis you know nothin ' - vitor you ol ' man fuck up he life , now I be gonna fuck up yours ! that do it !! adonis charge at vitor but be hold back by rocky , the cornerman and several sparring partner ! several gym rat and boxers-in-training attempt to stop vitor be forward charge . vitor rip free and easily shove the smaller boxer aside . he wave at adonis . vitor ( cont 'd ) ya shit , boy - you be shit - nothing ! drago get into the brawl , drop two fighter with a hook and right hand . everyone back away from the lethal Russian . 50 . the camera crews be get they money 's worth . the police arrive . adonis struggle to free himself . police move forward . adonis look at buddy " king " charle and step out of the ring , head to the locker room . rocky lock stare with drago , who return a dead eye expression , then exit . int . locker room - day rocky follow adonis into the room , follow by ANTHONY . adonis be strangely compose . adonis do not expect that . rocky what you expect , they to go away ? you say it be over . adonis that 's not happen , even if I want it to . rocky think you do not want it to . adonis it 's here now , be not it ? forget box . this be beyond . World want this . adonis hold up he iphone . rocky that kid be raise in hate , that 's not how you be . adonis you think you know all that ? rocky you want revenge , then take it out on I , ' cause I be the reason ya father be not here , not he ! adonis you go after he and that be all good but I want to make it right and it 's all wrong . do you think you have more right to do it than I ? rocky and 51 . rocky no , but it do not look like you be doin ' it out of respect for he - this be not about defendin ' ya father , ' cause he have no idea who ya be , kid . he could not pick ya out of a line up - but year later , ya this son , defendin ' a relationship that never be - why ? ANTHONY you do not need to hear that shit - rocky then tell I something different ! adonis everything I do be to make he proud . every time I do something good , I look up in the sky and say " proud yet ? good enough yet ? " but it be not . rocky why do you put that on yourself ? adonis I make this happen . ( pause ) I want it to happen . ANTHONY be stunne . ANTHONY you make what happen ? adonis I pay that promoter . I want this to happen ... I be not my father , I be use what I have while I have it . I want to get they real respect , people not be the victim anymore . not get beat up anymore ' cause of they skin , kill anymore , no power to change thing because they look different , think different . that shit can not fly anymore - a champion 's gotta be more than just another black man hit thing , so I be take adonis ( cont 'd ) that anger back in the ring a ' remindin ' people that they let a man get beat defenseless ' till he die and nobody care and nothin ' happen . ( more ) 52 . adonis ( cont 'd ) time move on but now they be go to see what it 's like when thing be reverse . rocky I be not say I know what ya goin through - adonis no , you do not . you know I respect you more than anybody and you know I be not doin ' this ' cause of ego , I want to leave something behind that mean something - my father do not , but I do . rocky you still get to keep ya mind right - anything can happen . ANTHONY do not put that in he head . rocky the way you feel about that , he feel about you - ANTHONY that bum will not know what hit he . rocky so it 's impossible to lose ? adonis you think I be go down and not get up ? this be not yesterday - you do not have to worry about throwin ' a towel . rocky you should have lil Duke train you . I think he will cover you best a ' ya know he . adonis what about you ? what 's the problem ? rocky I be through this - ANTHONY he 's afraid . rocky maybe , wish I be stronger about this , but I be not . 53. adonis so you be out ? rocky for this . outside the ring , fight for whatever ya want , but inside , the only thing ya should be fightin ' for be ya life - good luck . rocky exit . int . graveyard - day rocky pull the chair out of the tree and place it in front of adrian' headstone . he simply stare off into the sink grey light of the day ... slowly rise up in volume be the grand theme of the next scene . h.b.o . special the dramatic special appear to show a high travel dramatic shot of las vega at night . dramatic music . narrator ( dramatic ) in the desert be a crown jewel of many light that serve as a beacon for traveler all over the world to explore , be entertained and try they luck . but several mile beyond the glamorous oasis , across barren desert , lie some of the most grand and forebode land in the world . it 's call simply " death Valley " . we see a shot of adonis run through the parched earth at sunrise . narrator ( cont 'd ) like the man who be adonis creed , the landscape be hard , resilient and always challenging . CUT to : 54 . ext . another death valley location narrator as one of the best light heavyweight in the world , adonis , in a career that have see he struggle to emerge from the shadow of the legendary Apollo creed , be put he next title defense on hold . he have choose to avenge he father 's tragic death at the hand of the infamous Ivan drago . scene shift to a old gym where vitor work out with ivan drago in the background . he look pump and brutal . narrator ( cont 'd ) a ocean apart and like out of a shakespearean drama , it be not the patriarch but the son , vitor drago , a bull of a man who will defend the drago name - CUT to : outdoor scene of vitor run . narrator ( cont 'd ) the young drago feel like the family have unjustly suffer because of a untimely tragedy and adonis creed have not earn what he have and should not be champion . CUT to : adonis shadow box up a jag , steep hillside with char rock spread before he . narrator ( cont 'd ) adonis call this personal and want to put the insult and disrespect to rest no matter what the cost , and with he superior skill end this nightmare . CUT to : vitor training in the gym . narrator ( cont 'd ) his opponent think he nightmare be just beginning ... vitor face the camera . vitor I be a bad man and will beat ‘em worse than he father get . 55 . more cut of vitor outside in a tank top run with a pit bull who bite a stick and vitor hurl he into the air . CUT to : adonis as he run across the desert , we cut to clip of he fight . narrator adonis creed , prove to be a fearless fighter who have test he metal - adonis be see knock out several men in dramatic slo - mo style . we see vitor in much cruder surroundings , knock men out . narrator ( cont 'd ) - will pit he skill and pride against a hostile unknown with nothing but personal retribution on he mind . we see adonis run in dramatic fashion towards the high point . narrator ( cont 'd ) life be a Circle and History and time often do not hide the scar and erase the ferocity of the past . CUT to : vitor stand between two classic Greek column look like a modern hercules . narrator ( cont 'd ) alongside the glory , the unknown danger be ever present , the path they take will never run parallel for each man but they personal history be forever star-cross . adonis arrive at the top of the cliff and stare out at the hostile territory . narrator ( cont 'd ) like the hellish landscape that have often prove invincible , adonis creed plan to conquer this personal challenge and move on with he bless life . adonis ( v.o. ) " ... I will destroy he , I promise . " 56 . narrator the Boxer and the Beast , a brutal reconven , a deeply personal journey , pull two man from different part of this planet to end of a decade long family rivalry and they future and family 's legacy will be determine by they skill and in the power of they fist . int . mgm grand - arena the crowd be brim with expectation . several group be wear " remember apollo " t-shirt and several hold up sign that read " vengeance be mine - roman 12:19 " . this be a very animated crowd , extremely vocal in they hate for drago and the soviet as well . commentator #1 welcome one and all to this evening 's unusual event . the huge , relatively unknown european with the familiar last name , vitor drago , be set to go against Light heavyweight Champion adonis creed in what could be call a special event , but this have a real undercurrent of a ' vendetta 's or ' payback ' . earlier in the day , we catch up with the belittle yet unapologetic man himself , Ivan drago . CUT to footage of drago . commentator # 1 why now ? drago ( Russian accent ) why not ? this be something that have be building long time - this country be bad to I , have I fight a ' old man instead of the champion . then , in Russia , I be embarrassed , cheat . but all will be over soon and we will have the respect we deserve . int . adonis' dressing room bianca , who be very pregnant , sit watch adonis shadow boxing in the mirror . Anthony be present . adonis move around , slowly jabbing . 57 . from the group : yelling of encouragement . lil duke stay inside he reach , okay ? can not stay on the outside - side to side , then inside , get I ? adonis smile at bianca and use a " Hand sign " . adonis ( hand sign ) ».. I get this . bianca ( hand sign ) I love you . int . drago' dressing room vitor methodically throw incredibly powerful right hand punch into punch mitt hold by drago himself . vitor throw again . drago remember what they do to I . vitor throw with unbelievable force . it crack against the pad , sounding like a shotgun blast . drago pick up vitor' huge boxing robe . from the angle , we cannot read what be on the back . vitor' eye show disapproval . int . ringside the commentator stand up face the camera . commentator # 1 this be the first time in several year balboa will not be in he corner . why do you think that be ? commentator # 2 maybe he just be not on board with this " fight " because of what happen year ago when thing go tragically wrong ... the camera pan the crowd . commentator # 1 tonight , the " past " catch up to the " present " and set the future ... 58 . rocky take he seat directly behind adonis 's corner . the light dim . a blue haze backdrop provide a dramatic display as the dragos enter the arena . the building resonate with boos . heavy metal music blare from the speaker . stepping into view be vitor . commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) vitor have fight all he life under a different name , tonight be the first time he will be announce by he real name - commentator # 2 ( 0.s. ) Said they be embarrassed by what happen year ago . commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) that may change tonight - vitor drago be a very powerful look man but will he ability keep up with adonis creed 's ringmanship ? commentator # 2 ( 0.s. ) good question , but he look hard core . many of the crowd taunt drago with foul language . one bold anti - fan attempt to grab hold of vitor' shoulder . drago grab the anti-fan by the chest and shove he back roughly into the crowd . tough as vitor be , he be disturb by the grow level of hatred as he move towards the ring ... he do not expect this intensity . commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) one unruly fan just get manhandle by drago . vitor reach the ring and enter . ivan stand besides he son , soaking up the energy of be in the limelight again . the music be very intimidating , vicious . the crowd boos . drago calmly mock the crowd with a upraise fist . turn around , we see embroider on the back of vitor 's robe : " apollo r.i.p . " commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( be : robe ) that 's in really bad taste . actually , appall . 59 . commentator # 3 ( 0.s. ) if he want to mess with creed 's head , that will do it . the music change . int . arena the crowd cheer as adonis appear on the screen . his music blare . commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) adonis creed now make he entrance . definitely a crowd favorite . adonis , game face on , climb into the ring . the crowd love he !! vitor immediately step to the center of the ring and give the throat slitting gesture . as vitor turn , adonis see the back of the robe : apollo r.i.p. adonis lose it ! tries to rush forward as vitor stand like a intimidating statue . lil Duke block he path . adonis ( point to vitor ) +.. gonna beat you sick ass ! commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) adonis creed be enraged and attempt to get to vitor drago , who mock he ! adonis be anger be glow but lil duke , along with cornermen and official ring security manage to separate they . drago be enjoy the mayhem . vitor you be goin ' be under my foot ! int . ringside - moment later ring announcer in the blue corner , with a mix martial art record of 45 and 2 and 60 . ring announcer ( cont 'd ) 26 professional box fight , this be he debut in America , weigh 235 pound , vitor " the Hammer " drago ! a few russian in the audience applaud but be drown out by the pro-american crowd . it only inflame drago . bianca , very much on edge , take she seat . she eye buddy " King " Charles ... she 's not happy . ANTHONY sit next to she . ring announcer ( cont 'd ) in the red corner , weigh 199 pound , the newly crown Light heavyweight Champion of the World , adonis " speed " creed ! the crowd explode ! commentator # 1 certainly have the support of this crowd behind he ! commentator # 2 they want vitor drago demolish but that 's a big task if vitor have a " jaw " to match he size . the referee motion of the combatant to come to the center of the ring . the bell ring and drowns out the last curse word . adonis go straight forward and lock eye with the huge man . ivan drago exchange dagger expression with rocky , who he have detect sit behind creed 's corner . as the referee give instruction , the two fighter overlap one another with vulgar insult . referee I want a clean fight . protect yourself at all time and when I say ' break ' , break . good luck - vitor where ya gonna run , boy ? vitor hold out he glove . adonis I be gonna close that mouth . drago ++. you have lose . 61 . the man return to they corner . commentator # 1 + + . you can actually feel the hatred for each other here . ivan drago step outside the rope . he turn , face he son . drago ( in Russian ) you be bear for this . lil duke look deep into adonis 's eye . lil duke Control that shit ! stay inside he reach . adonis simply want to get it on ! adonis Ring the bell ! bianca sit nearly freeze in apprehension . ANTHONY ( to adonis ) you get this ! you get it ! the bell ring and adonis charge the Big man with bad intention . commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) adonis waste no time attack the much larger vitor drago ! no ' feel out ' round , folk ! commentator # 2 ( 0.s. ) what a surprise - the smaller man have drago back up ! commentator # 3 ( 0.s. ) creed 's make a statement early on ! vitor push the smaller fighter away and then be furiously attacked again by adonis . adonis circle and fire off rapid jab . rocky forget the head ! the body !! int . creed mansion - den - night mary anne watch adonis rip into the big Russian . CUT to : 62 . int . ring drago do not like what he see and berate he son . drago ( in Russian ) attack ! vitor go into attack mode . CUT to : rocky : from he point of view , this look almost exactly like the beat that be give to apollo . we CUT back and forth from the old footage to the present day ... the comparison be eerie . adonis come in straight ahead and get catch with a thunderous blow which delight drago . vitor hit I . that 's it ? vitor turn to the crowd and give adonis a thumb down gesture . adonis start to rapidly circle and jab . they be barely reach the target , but vitor be start to walk through the punch . vitor ( cont 'd ) c'mon , gimme something ' - gimme somethin' . rocky sit . he be feel every emotion a fighter would feel who be in the ring . rocky back off ! commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) adonis be still go after he opponent but fall short . commentator # 2 ( 0.s. ) vitor 's big right hand be lock and load !! sure enough , adonis throw a left hook and vitor counter with a thudding right , which badly rock adonis . adonis rapidly back up against the rope . adonis try to lay he up and vitor smashes adonis in the jaw with a flagrant illegal elbow ! crowd boo . the referee admonish he . vitor mock adonis . 63 . rocky ( from seat ) Circle , circle ! off the rope ! ( to himself ) he 's do . the crowd scream for adonis to rally . vitor cut adonis off : adonis be again pinned against the rope . commentator # 2 ( 0.s. ) drago be like have a brick wall stand in front of you ! vitor deliver a pair of left - right combos that land with concussive force ! adonis fight on and catch vitor with a body - punch to he liver . ANTHONY yes !! that 's what I be talk about ! lil duke that 's it ! more of the same ! bust he up ! but vitor be too powerful and smile at he - telling he to hit he again , harder . bianca leap to she foot . bianca ( yell ) you get to stop this !! int . ring vitor , hand at he side , stick out he jaw . adonis hit it . no effect . then , like a bolt of lightning from hell , vitor explode with a brutal overhand right that club adonis behind the ear and send he crashing to the canvas !! the audience be stunned . fear fill Rocky 's eye . he almost want adonis to stay down . rocky take the count !! 64 . vitor say something unintelligible to the fall fighter , then raising he fist , he stroll to a neutral corner . adonis go to one knee . we see a moment of doubt creep into he eye . everything be out of focus . vitor disdainfully wipe the blood way from he nose and glance at this father . commentator # 3 ( 0.s. ) this be the advantage of a full - blow super heavy weight - incredible hit power . one punch and it 's good night ! commentator # 2 ( 0.s. ) creed just can not get inside ! commentator # 1 and he be be dismantle by the brutal strength and rough house tactic of vitor drago ! commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) creed better find plan B fast . what 's he do ? he 's wave drago forward ! commentator # 2 ( 0.s. ) that 's crazy ! int . creed mansion - den Mary Anne scream at the tv : mary anne stop the damn fight ! int . ring adonis - hurt and humiliated - rise . bianca oh , my God - just stay down . ANTHONY look very shaken up by the unexpected beat he brother be receive . commentator # 2 ( 0.s. ) the ref be about to stop this one - sided affair . commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) creed better throw something back or it 's over ! five second ! 65 . lil duke let the damn hand go !! vitor unload a brutal body shot that cause creed 's knee to almost buckle . bell !! he shove adonis hard and return to the corner , fist raise . buddy " King " Charles rise with he bodyguard . buddy ( to bodyguard ) ++. it 's over . ANTHONY be dismay as he watch buddy exit . in the ring : lil duke climb into the ring along with he cornermen . rocky rush to the step behind creed 's corner . rocky ( to adonis ) you can not do this ! adonis you do ! duke ( to adonis ) listen to I , not he ! drago' corner : drago ( yell in Russian ) he 's finish - back he up and beat he down , make it last . int . ringside ANTHONY look very badly affect by this horrible beat . creed corner : adonis and lil duke . Duke yell into the fighter 's profile . adonis sneak glance at vitor then bianca . lil duke man , you gotta step it up ! move , goddamnit , do not come at he ! bianca be pace in the aisle . she look at rocky . 66 . lil duke ( cont 'd ) do not need you takin ' he ' best ' , ya gotta just stop do ' the shit ya do not get to be doin ' - adonis rise . lil duke ( cont 'd ) ( yell ) you get a bad man in front of you so let it go and get that chump outta here !! the bell ring . adonis catch a glimpse of rocky as he move to the center of the ring . vitor move to the CENTER of the ring . surprisingly adonis attack first ! commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) can not say this man do not have heart , but here come drago ! vitor hit back with a combination that nearly rip adonis 's head from he shoulder . rocky ( to lil Duke ) he 's do ! call it ! rocky 's point of view : we go to slow motion as -- it be almost a duplicate of the deadly punch that kill Apollo . still in slow motion , we see bianca rise to she foot as adonis drift helplessly towards the rope . lil duke desperately reach for the towel . ivan drago rise to he foot , he face flushed , scream for victory . sense the end be near , the audience seem to rise as one . vitor 's face contort into a mask of hate and FURY as he coil back he body and unleash a brutal leave hook . the crowd go crazy ! rocky rush forward and rip the towel from lil duke's hand and throws it ! 67 . as the towel be in mid-air , vitor now unleash all he power into a seismic overhand punch that pile drive adonis unconscious to the canvas . commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) creed be out !! my God , what a shot and he 's not get up ! one of the most vicious shot ever ! a sensational right hand knockout for the powerful vitor drago ! creed cornermen leap into the ring follow by professional camera crews and medical expert . it be complete mayhem . the arena go berserk . bianca struggle to get into the ring but be block . she cry hysterically . rocky shove past the gather crowd of security people and other personnel . rocky kneel besides adonis as the ring physician and medical emergency staff examine he . commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) a brutal knockout . the kind you hate to see ! adonis be eye slowly open . commentator # 3 ( 0.s . ) now he 's move ! he 's still out of it but at least he 's look around vitor pump he fist at the crowd . rocky do not move , kid - you will be alright . ivan drago pat he son 's shoulder but he be more interested in glaring at rocky . the image of adonis be display on the jumbotron screen . rocky be beside adonis , who now have be lift into a seat position against the rope . bianca be outside the ring , cry as she try to inch closer . rocky ( cont 'd ) let ‘em check you out !! 68 . it be chaotic ! the jumbotron play back the knockout again for the crowd in slo -motion . CUT to : ivan drago muscle he way through the crowded ring and hover over rocky and adonis . drago ( cold ) «+ . he still alive ? rocky turn and unleash a big right hook that instantly bloodies drago 's mouth . Rocky pound away : another right / left / right combination that drive Ivan drago back ! shocked onlooker back away from the sudden violence . commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) a fight have break out ! the two man be throw wild punch ! the audience roar . vitor pause from taunting . he rush towards they as - the massive Ivan drago pound Rocky with brutal punch . rocky be smashed against the rope but rally and refuse to go down - he pound furiously away on drago' body . security rush in and separate the men . vitor arrive as he father tower menacingly over rocky . rocky , terribly exhaust , slump to the ground . drago you never beat I !! rocky ( wind ) who care ! the scene freeze in a photo still of rocky and adonis headline : " partner in pain " . int . cat scan room - las vega adonis be on the table . rocky , ANTHONY and bianca look at each other . 69 . adonis -.. I be fine . bianca please . it 's a precaution - do it , donnie . as adonis retract into the machine , bianca be feel the beginning of cramp . int . cat scanner adonis close he swollen eye as the whirling SOUND of the cat scan machine build in volume . int . hospital bianca be in a wheelchair , be lead away by a nurse . int . hospital hallway late at night , very little activity . int . hospital room the silence be overwhelming as adonis lay sedate in bed . his mind still racing over what have transpire . the door to he room open . a large figure walk across the room and take a seat in the shadow . only he outline be see because of the glow of the moonlight emanate from the rear window . adonis who be you ? stranger you know I , course you do . the stranger lean forward and we see it be apollo creed ! adonis you be dead . apollo go out the hard way . adonis you have everything . apollo it 's never enough . adonis but you leave everyone behind . 70 . apollo you come in alone , go out alone . adonis do you know about I ? apollo no . adonis would it have matter ? apollo it 's good be worth something to other , but it 's better to be worth more to yourself . adonis so you only care about you ? they both look at each other . holding the moment . adonis ( cont 'd ) do you even love my mom ? or Mary Anne ? apollo Relationships come and go . honor , that last ... glory , that last ... int . cat scan room adonis open he badly bruise eye . moment later , rocky walk in . int . hospital - hallway adonis follow a nurse down the hall in the maternity ward . adonis be face be still quite swollen but he be feel no pain at the moment . rocky follow behind . the nurse stop he at the door of a delivery room . int . bianca' room - night bianca lay in the bed with a lovely infant by she side . the door open and adonis enter . adonis be almost move to tear . he study the infant be feature as he look speechless and grateful to bianca . bianca , though exhaust , be glow . 71 . adonis --. she 's beautiful . bianca yes ... baby , sit down . adonis I miss it ... bianca she 's here now . adonis yeah - she 's beautiful . adonis look at rocky . adonis ( cont 'd ) «+. incredible . rocky congrat - you be lucky , man . rocky exit . he pass ANTHONY in hallway . ANTHONY Heard it 's a girl . rocky ».. stay with he . int . hospital waiting room - night rocky see lil duke in the wait room . lil duke ( guilt-ridd ) he okay ? they say he 's just bang up - I try to show he what 's right , but he want it he way . I try - rocky you do - lil duke I get train ' to do tomorrow . rocky ».. I get this . lil duke exit . 72 . int . bianca' room adonis sit besides bianca . adonis ++. I can hold she ? bianca ++. of course . adonis bianca , how be everything ? bianca ».. Fine . we be all good . just worry about yourself . adonis do they test she yet ? bianca test be inconclusive . adonis +... when can we try again ? bianca ( nod ) ... when we be home - that okay ? adonis ++. sure . adonis thoughtfully nod . int . mgm grand vitor and he cornermen be pass through the lobby . he pause to sign for a couple of foreign tourist ... take picture . they see the footage on the jumbotron from the fight . vitor be pound out adonis . the crawl read : " vitor drago test positive for performance enhancing drug " . jim lampley ( on jumbotron ) european fighter vitor drago run afoul of the " clean box initiative " and be find to be use a pair of antibiotic substance , as a result , drago have be put in harm 's way and place on suspension by box 's govern body . increasingly in box , you can run from a positive test but you can not hide . meanwhile ... 73 . the blood drain from the fighter 's face . people stare at he . int . vega HOTEL - morning vitor walk forcefully down the hallway and stop where he proceed to pound on the hotel room door . after a moment , buddy " King " Charles 's bodyguard open the door . vitor push past the bodyguard . he go in the room and see buddy with drago , who pace . vitor this be bullshit !! drago he do not understand , this be good . vitor that I cheat ? buddy do not let a bunch of half - ass american sport headline bother you . vitor you let he do this ? buddy do not worry about it . ( beat ) you be for real and we be create " controversy " . you kill he manhood - vitor I win this clean ! buddy nothing 's clean . buddy ( cont 'd ) from the beginning , you old man only want to take this show to Russia , now , if he want it , he 's get to come to we . vitor , do not over think it - you have nothing three month ago . vitor glare at he father and exit . 74 . int . hospital room - night adonis , bianca and rocky be sit in silence . she hold the baby . ANTHONY almost burst into the room . ANTHONY ( elate ) you watch the tv ? it 's on fire - he be not clean ! you do not lose - he cheat !! adonis remain silent . bianca hold it down , please . ANTHONY it 's good news - gotta feel good about this - everybody know it 's all bullshit - you be the better man . adonis I hear you . ANTHONY I get to be feelin ' good about this - no bullshit back talk about get you ass beat - you could have win it on the up and up ! y'know what I be say ! bianca he know . ANTHONY what 's happen here ? man , I think you would be jumpin ' all up and down , want he all over again ! you all right , man ? ext . hospital - hallway rocky stand with ANTHONY . rocky he 's beat up , a beatin ' like that do not go away . ANTHONY I get it - 75 . rocky you do not get nothin ' - he 's hurtin' , he world 's upside down . ANTHONY he will fix all that . he 's get it all , he will get it back . that punk be juice . rocky I do not care what he be , fighter be never the same after a beatin ' like that . it 's a life changer . ANTHONY what 's that mean ? he 's do ? rocky he need to think about thing . ANTHONY be you say it 's over ? everything - business , reputation - he always come back . rocky until ya do not . you all about the money ? ANTHONY do not insult I , man . he 's my brother . rocky then be there . CUT to : ext . wide shot of philadelphia - musical montage the big CITY labor along . 76 .* int . rocky / mickey' gym rocky be instruct a group of neighborhood boy and girl in the art of self defense . CUT to : bianca do a workshop with child who have hearing problem but be musically inclined . CUT to : ext . philadelphia zoo - day adonis walk with he bundle young infant past the city zoo . 76 . ext . creed inc . office build - philadelphia - day ANTHONY settling in at a desk in a completely inactive office . ext . russia - day in russia , with he son , ivan drago be be ask to take photo with many high - rank military and political figure . vitor be bored with it but comply . int . adonis and bianca' apartment adonis sit alone , bored . he attempt to play with the child but he mind be elsewhere . in the other room , bianca write and noodle riff on the piano . int . restaurant - night buddy " king " charle be hold a contract that he display to ANTHONY . we can tell from the body language that buddy be frustrated that adonis will not take the rematch ... ANTHONY exit . ext . rocky / mickey' gym - night Inside , rocky be watch three of the young neighborhood taggers apply something on the wall ... the other poor neighborhood kide watch , fascinate , as the image slowly take form . 774 % ext . vitor' gym in a darkened gym , vitor sit alone . he be tense . int . rocky / mickey' gym the spray painting on the wall be finally complete . the young artist step away . what be reveal be a amazing , kinetic painting of jesus christ in box trunk and glove , knock a super - muscular satan out of the ring and into a sea of hellish FIRE . above the painting be boldly write " faith be strength !! " 77 . int . vitor be gym alone , the powerful young man set up a video camera . int . adonis and bianca' apartment - night adonis approach bianca . he stare at she . adonis when be we go to test she ? bianca what ? adonis when be we go to test she ? bianca ( write lyric ) soon - adonis ++. I need to know what 's goin ' on - I need to make some choice . bianca choice ? adonis why be you drag this out ? do you think I will leave ? bianca some man would . adonis I be not " some man " . 78 .* int . anthony' apartment he watch the television . vitor be on espn . reporter ( on tv ) adonis creed , have repeatedly turn down the offer for a rematch with vitor drago , who be judge to be use performance enhance drug , have elicite this very angry response . vitor ( on tv ) I be callin ' a coward !! I be vitor drago , not my father ! vitor , the new one ! ( more ) 78 . vitor ( on tv ) ( cont 'd ) and I do not give a shit what anybody think I do about the drug bullshit - think what you want ! do not matter to I ! we fight a hundred time , you lose a hundred time ! int . adonis and bianca' apartment adonis watch the tv . bianca be asleep . vitor ( on tv ) ( hard , pace ) I do not give a shit about any money ! I want to fight this creed , any place , any time . no drug , no nothin ' !! I be real !! very real ! here 's my email ! he hold up a SMALL cardboard sign that have he email address write out . vitor ( cont 'd ) write it down ! everybody listen up . if he do not have the ball because he be beat down so bad , smashed so bad , I be makin ' the offer to anyone who 's good ! anyone who 's tough enough ! any person , any nationality , any breed . I be the best man there be , no anger here ! I be gonna be a legend - put this on tv . Real man fight . I do not care who he be or what he be , but real man fight until they be dead . creed , you can take you shirt off , we fight inside , outside , in the rain , okay ? look at I , everyone ! my name , once again , be vitor drago . I move around a lot but you , creed , can reach I . 79 .* vitor ( cont 'd ) I be easy to find and I will smash you again . you be beat ! you be under my foot , you quit , I beat ya fair a ' square , but I beat you , I beat you ... like a drum , I beat you ... God , I would hate to be you ... vitor turn the camera off . 79 . ext . adonis and bianca' apartment there be a faint knock on the apartment door . adonis answer . ANTHONY stand in the dimly light hall . adonis ».. what ya doin ' ? ANTHONY +.. I gotta say something . what the hell you doin ' , man ? adonis do not worry about it . ANTHONY you scared ? adonis do not ever say that . ANTHONY you look scared . that 's what " scared " look like . adonis go home . adonis start to leave and ANTHONY angle in front of he . ANTHONY do not say it 's all bad - who would not be scared ? who would not wanna say " fuck it , who need this ? " who would not be embarrassed , like no man should ! bad shit happen but you be not all there . adonis or maybe I be not what I think I be . ANTHONY there be that ! you could say that - but it 's not true - 80 .* ANTHONY pace a few step back . ANTHONY ( cont 'd ) now I , that 's who I be . I be not who I think I be - and that 's not so easy to live with - I be get use to it - but you - you get mad gift , you get skill . you get everything from pop . ( more ) 81 . 80 . ANTHONY ( cont 'd ) I get the leftover , but hey , it be what it be - it 's okay , once ya accept you be not so special , but goddamn , you - you get responsibility to people like I to show what a special man " can " do when everything say ya " can not " ! you get a damn important responsibility to show what be possible when smart money say impossible !! people like I quit , that 's not so unusual , ' cause I do not have the same gift like you but not people like you , ' cause if the warrior quit ... we do not walk away ' cause shit get ugly , we do not walk away ' cause life kick we ass on a daily basis , but we keep tryin ' even if it 's hard and frustrating and unreward and nobody 's even gonna be cheerin ' we name , we still have that pride that get we ass out of bed in the morning to try all over again . you get " gift " like I say , " skill " and not to use they make I mad - mad. adonis I be not afraid . ANTHONY no - what ? adonis ... ashame . ANTHONY so what ? you let people down . adonis so what ? ANTHONY so what ? ANTHONY ( cont 'd ) who ask you to be " all that " to everybody - put you first and ya family first and whatever 's leave over , pass it around . people need to see what 's " possible " . adonis a ' if I get knock out again ? 81 . ANTHONY then I guess it be " impossible " a ' forget we ever have this fuck up conversation . adonis finally break into a smile and they embrace . adonis ».. I hate you , man . ANTHONY +. hate you , too - now do it . int . gym - night a lock be hear open and adonis , hold the baby carrier , enter and climb the dark step . reaching the top , he flip on a light that illuminate part of the gym . he head to the speed bag . the baby carrier be place on a stool . he kiss the infant then go to the speed bag . he start to hit slowly at first . the sound reverberate throughout the empty , dark gym . no reaction from the infant . adonis increase the speed . no reaction . fear and sweat form on adonis' brow as he pound harder and faster . no reaction . adonis be eye flash back and forth in near desperation between the speed bag and he child . no reaction . his raw hand increase the tempo of the speed bag until its thunderous sound rattles the gym wall ! no reaction . 82 .* in final desperation , he reach a mighty crescendo and whip the leave hook into the bag which smashes it against the wooden surface . this create a sudden , unexpected explosion that resemble a shot blast !! he look to the infant who be startle and begin to cry . adonis slump against the wall and begin to cry himself . int . adonis and bianca' apartment the door open and bianca quickly rush to the door . bianca where have you be ?! adonis ++. she can hear better than I . int . rocky / mickey' gym rocky stand with adonis . adonis he be not clean . rocky that 's what they say . adonis you do not believe it ? rocky older I get , less I buy - you wife ? adonis she understand who we be - like you wife do . rocky think about it . adonis ( cont 'd ) how would you do it ? rocky do what ? adonis you lose a lot - rocky 24 time , I think . 83.* adonis what keep you goin ' ? rocky winnin ' feel good . 82 . 83 . adonis will ya help I ? rocky take several pace . rocky ya look pretty good before the fight - feel good ? adonis yeah . rocky yeah , ya look everythin ' except " vicious " . adonis lock eye with rocky , know it 's the truth . rocky ( cont 'd ) he be vicious and ya lose . it 's not complicated . adonis ».- so let 's get vicious . ext . death valley - dawn stun southwest vista . a dusty s.u.v. look quite lonely as it kick up a swirl tail of dust while head off the main road and wind down towards a group of well - worn building appear at the low point of the valley , surround by dark cliff . int . s.u.v. adonis look at the dismal , primitive surroundings . rocky .».. not many people here . the s.u.v. pull to a dusty stop . park in front of the adobe structure be five fry , older pick up truck , a dusty 650 cc motorcycle and a flatbed truck with several bale of hay on it . the unmistakable cadence of punch bag be hit drift outdoors . a sign read in peel letter " purgatorio EL BOX " . adonis you go to the mountain . I be go to Hell . training montage 84 . ext . desert SUN rise the music begin to drine in as the sun 's power slowly radiate down on a endless expanse of barren land . adonis come into view as he jog through rugge landscape . sweat pour from he body as he trudge along . ext . vitor - be see run along a city river early morning ... Father follow in car . int . gym adonis be see pound away on the well - worn heavy bag in the dusty gym . rocky coaches . ANTHONY observe . int . gym - day vitor pound away on the heavy bag with tremendous force - drago coaches . int . gym adonis on the speed bag - rocky coaches . int . gym vitor do single arm press with one end of the barbel anchore to the floor . there be also a green rubber exercise band connect to the weight for extra resistance . drago intensely coaches . ext . rock strewn area adonis have a pair of rope around he shoulder as he strain to drag a very large truck tire up a incline . his knee buckle from fatigue ... rocky pour water on he head . adonis shake it off and rise . int . gym vitor whip a pair of 15 foot thick weight rope in a wave - like fashion to build he shoulder strength and cardio . ext . desert gym adonis do pull - up on the two - by-four chin - up bar in the sun . ext . alley way ( behind gym in slo -mo : 85 . vitor , clad in a soaking sweatsuit , leap up while smash a medicine ball on the ground - this be do repetitively . drago look on . int . cabin adonis sleep then rise - 5 a.m. ext . canyon slope adonis run up the jag trail hold a pole with 10 gallon water can hang from a pole across he shoulder ... it be incredibly exhaust ... rocky yell encouragement . int . cabin - night rocky open a large jar of salve and adonis scoops some out and put it on he blister foot . ext . running vitor run up step - drago look on . int . gym adonis practice ducking low under a rope while throw upper cut to either side as he move forward . int . new gym vitor have a 4 foot weighted polyurethane log - type piece of equipment that he flip side - to- side in a very graceful manner . ext . desert gym outdoor , rocky swing a rake handle at medium speed over adonis be head as the fighter slip under it over and over . one swing hit he painfully in the shoulder . int . modern gym in slo - mo : vitor now have the polyurethane exercise log swinging gracefully from between he leg , then leaping into the air , he spin in the opposite direction , swinging the " log " over he head and down through he leg . incredibly athletic . ext . desert adonis have a rope tie around he waist as he tire to slowly move up a incline ... rocky pull back on the rope , add resistance . adonis slowly throw hook with a brick in each hand . 86 . int . modern gym vitor punch the mitt - drago look on . int . modern gym hitting the heavy bag even harder . ext . highway - death valley amazing road through the center of the desert , head into the hill . adonis run gracefully along it . his mind be racing with dark thought . int . gym a truck pull up with two very large heavy weight . rocky greet they . int . modern gym vitor be run through a small obstacle course . he be very graceful for a big man . his speed be stun . CUT to : speed bag adonis attack the object with renew vigor !! int . modern gym vitor have on headgear and begin smashing sparring partner . Three punch combos and CUT ! int . desert gym adonis wear headgear be ripping into larger sparring partner . he be stand too upright and get rocked badly . rocky stop he and correct he angle . int . modern gym vitor rip combos into sparring partner . int . desert gym adonis throw the almost same combination . int . modern gym vitor be do weighted sit - ups . 87 . ext . desert gym adonis be outside , position against the gym wall ... he hold a car tire at arm 's length and use centrifugal force and speed , whip it from side - to-side , have the tire smash into the wall with great force - CUT to : adonis bob and weave beneath the extend rope . CUT to : vitor sparring . CUT to : adonis slip underneath the large sparring partner be jab and rip to the jaw but he still get tag because of he upright angle . the sparring partner look away , dismissive . rocky instruct . adonis point at the rude sparring partner . adonis I will get you . int . modern gym vitor be do strenuous push -up and lateral chest fly on a set of extend gymnastic ring . CUT to : intercut 3 time between vitor do this exercise and adonis hang from a bar do curl and rocky hit he mid - section . rocky no pain - ( hit ) no pain . CUT to : int . modern gym vitor be now punch a multi-functional punch machine with 10 different angle to hit from . he be go at a medium pace ... his father yell to up the effort . int . desert gym adonis tear into the sparring partner ... bell ring ! rocky give he a thumb - up sign . int . modern gym drago yell for he son to hit harder and move faster . the fighter be exhaust , but keep try . 88 . int . desert gym adonis hit the speed bag with fantastic confidence . his eye blaze with fire . CUT to : int . modern gym vitor be at he limit as he punch away at the machine . every tendon and muscle be ready to burst , still he father taunt until vitor explode and heave the machine on its side !! CUT to : int . desert gym adonis be see heaving heavy rock from one pile to another . he be in the " no pain " Zone . int . desert gym everyone watch as adonis now fight like a new man , a puncher , a wreak machine . he rip into the large sparring partner who have be disrespectful and take he down in grand style . the music peak ! adonis bring it on ! the room agree ! CUT to : ext . moscow - russia - night establish shot of the city . snow fall . in the distance we see powerful spotlight reach up into the sky . ext . moscow sport arena people be enter the building . int . moscow sport arena the crowd be settling into they seat as a crew of ringside russian broadcaster speak into they headsets . another professional fight be wind down in the ring above they . the three american broadcaster be in front of the ring face the camera . 89 . commentator # 1 welcome one and all to this evening 's event in Moscow on this cold evening . earlier this evening , both fighter arrive at the arena to prepare for the rematch . CUT to : adonis , follow by rocky , lil duke , cutman , and ANTHONY . adonis wear ear bud and wear a game face . beside he be bianca . commentator # 1 ( cont 'd ) a very heavy underdog , adonis creed have swear that this evening will definitely not be a repeat of the blowout and frightening end of they last encounter . CUT to : vitor drago stride confidently into the building , flanke by he father and corner entourage ... vitor 's eye be ominously hide beneath he hoodie . commentator # 1 ( cont 'd ) Ivan drago have make it clear this will be a worse beat down than before ... CUT to : int . ringside the commentator be line up before the camera ... they stand with promoter buddy " king " charle . commentator # 1 with we now be promoter buddy " King " Charles - why the passion for this rematch , consider the result in Vegas be so one sided ? buddy History . the last time a american fight here , the result be not good . a big victory tonight for drago would help erase that . int . adonis' dressing room rocky be wrapping adonis 's hand . bianca and the corner crew look on as do russian boxing official . adonis appear consume with inner turmoil . nervous sweat rim he forehead . rocky sense the grow anxiety . 90 . rocky breathe . int . vitor' dressing room the place be very active with well - dress political official take photo with vitor . many player of the upper class and they women . vitor drago be not enjoy this activity . ivan be . two camera crews , include a third showtime crew , take in the pre-celebratory atmosphere . vitor be a cage animal . int . ringside the showtime crew analyze . commentator # 1 since creed and balboa request no camera be in the dress room , we can only assume he be very focus and want to stay that way . int . adonis' dressing room adonis be hand be be check by the russian official . once do , he get up and pace towards a mirror . he study he reflection . rocky what 's the plan ? adonis to be first . rocky he throw ? adonis I throw first . rocky he hook ? adonis I hook first . rocky he hit you hard ? adonis I hit he harder ! 91 . rocky sound like a plan . adonis smile at bianca . int . ringside a young russian band play . the mood be festive yet charge as people settle into they seat . russian flag hang all around the top of the ring . commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) they be in party mode here in Moscow ! they want something special this evening . homecome for the once invincible Ivan drago . commentator # 2 ( 0.s. ) since creed be so easily dispatch in the first go-round he 's now consider a 25 - 1 underdog . maybe a classic case of " careful what you wish for " . int . drago' dressing room the fight official lean in and state that they be about to enter the ring soon . ivan drago nod but continue to mingle with the fashionable crowd , smiling for the first time . enjoy the attention . vitor stand alone , shadow box , try to get emotionally focus . vitor ( to assistant ) get they out . assistant ( gesture towards drago ) he want they ... vitor roughly turn off the music come from a iphone and speaker . vitor ( in Russian ) gol ( to camera crew ) watch the fight - go watch it ! enough of this shit ! drago ( in Russian ) what be you do ? 92 . vitor ignore he . vitor ( to crowd ) gol drago I say , what be you do ?! vitor this be my time , not yours ! vitor glare at drago with a ferocity never see before . drago do not look at I that way ! we be all we have , vitor , it be all - I be not a good man , I know that . I treat you bad , I do not know why , but I do and you will and you strength have bring I back here - all I want . tonight , win for you . you have already win for I . vitor be stunne by this revelation . int . ringside commentator # 1 we hear that adonis have put on more weight and hopefully muscle since commentator # 1 ( cont 'd ) they last fight . adonis creed should be enter this arena any second now . the spotlight be aim at the tunnel . the crowd begin stomping they foot . int . arena tunnel adonis , ANTHONY , padman and rocky approach the entrance into the arena . they pass a arena guard who speak into a walkie- talkie . adonis 's music start ... bianca , microphone in hand , step forward , singing live the song she have start to compose earlier ... it be dynamic ! adonis gesture to lead the way . int . ringside the crowd face the entrance . 93. commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) Music 's up , adonis creed 's enter the arena , I believe that be bianca , sing the entrance song , that 's new and good . commentator # 2 ( 0.s. ) she 's great . adonis enter and he bianca' music kick into high gear . adonis glance at the hostile crowd and then at rocky . adonis arrive at the ring and kiss bianca . he stare hard at the three step lead into the ring . daunting . take a deep breath , he climb they . CUT to : int . adonis and bianca' apartment mary anne creed sit with the nanny and the infant as she observe adonis 's entrance on tv . int . ringside the light and music suddenly change . the spotlight wing to the entrance : time for vitor drago and company . vitor enter to the thunderous applause and he hard - core , heavy metal music by the group " slip knot " . wearing he skull face bandana around he lower face , he present a intimidating image . ivan drago walk directly behind he hulk son , but he demeanor be vastly different . he appear lose in think , transport back in time to when he be the invincible fighter of he country . in he mind , drago hear the original russian national anthem play and glance up at the massive banner that depict he youthful image super- impose over the former Russian flag . Ivan snap back to reality when they arrive at the ring . he climb through the rope . buddy " king " charle sit near the ring . commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) Big vitor drago enter , follow by the stone - face Ivan drago . vitor drago , a hard punch son who actually enjoy slowly break he opponent down . 94 , commentator # 2 ( 0.s. ) ».. look bigger than last time . vitor walk over to adonis' corner and glare at he . in a condescending motion , he dare adonis to move forward . ivan drago stand close by and glare at rocky . CUT to : int . ringside commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) the psych - out begin . adonis stare at vitor and gesture at the skull scarf cover the big Russian 's nose and jaw . adonis ai not Halloween , fool . vitor ( gesture around ) yeah it be . vitor back up and ivan drago give rocky a wither stare before move toward he corner . commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) the man be exchange word and gesture . the corner try to keep the antagonism under control until the bell , even the ref be tell they to back off . vitor use the " cut the Throat " gesture . the crowd love it . commentator # 1 ( cont 'd ) they will not let up . drago and Rocky be have they own stare down !! this could be a double feature - the ring announcer step to the center of the ring and the bell ring . ring announcer ( in Russian ) welcome to tonight 's main event ! we be honore to have back home one of the great athlete ever produce from this country . former two time Olympic heavyweight Champion - a man who still hold the record with six gold medal in world competition - Ivan drago ! the place erupt in cheer ! 95 . commentator # 2 ( 0.s. ) guess they fail to mention the only man to defeat he happen to be about 20 foot away - commentator # 3 - minor detail . ring announcer without delay , in the blue corner , from the United States - a smatter of boos from the audience . ring announcer ( cont 'd ) - weigh 200 pound , the reign light heavyweight champion , adonis creed ! very little applause . vitor continue to gesture and verbally mock adonis . rocky he will talk less when ya break the rib . rocky manage a faint smile at adonis then lock eye with drago . ring announcer in the red corner , stand six foot , five inch , weigh a even 253 pound , with seventeen consecutive knockout , Russian 's own vitor " Red Devil " drago ! the crowd goe crazy ! vitor you tell ‘em that ? vitor raise he fist but be annoyed . commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) he 's a hard case , no doubt . maybe adonis can soften he up this time . commentator # 2 ( 0.s. ) vitor drago be immense but creed look as hard as steel - damn good . 96 . commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) I hear he put in week in the desert . we will see if something work . the corner men clear the ring . adonis and vitor go to the CENTER of the ring . referee ( british ) you both know the rule . in case of a knockdown , you will go to a neutral corner . break when I say break . May the best man win . vitor you eye say you be scared . adonis actually , they say " fuck you " . they return to they respective corner . rocky face adonis as adonis glance down at bianca sit in the second row . rocky ya gonna get hit hard . prepare for it . expect it ! keep the head movin ' , down low . smash the body ! adonis Love ya , unc. adonis wave at bianca , who be tearing up already . drago lean over to he son , who stand like a statue , glaring at adonis . drago this night change everything ! vitor ignore he and stare straight across at adonis . commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) there 's the bell ! out charge creed ! adonis move directly into harm way and bob - weave under vitor 's jab and score three major body blows that make vitor wince . commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) here 's a new look from adonis creed . 97 . vitor begin to come forward and nail creed twice . creed back away and start circle while jabbing , much like he old style . rocky what be you doin ' ? the body ! commentator # 2 ( 0.s. ) that new style do not last long . now creed be fight in he usual style . vitor be enraged and circle after he , he big right hand cocked back . rocky stay close ! get low ! int . applebee' restaurant ROBERT and several of he friend be have a viewing party . they be transfix on the bank of television that line the establishment . viewer what do you think ? two round ? int . ring adonis remains upright and hit the man with two more jab while backpedal . he unbelievably throws a three punch combo that land . the crowd go nut . drago ( scream ) attack ! commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) it 's amazing . creed be almost landing at will . commentator # 2 ( 0.s. ) but the punch be have no effect as the lack of leverage work against creed . adonis continue to rapidly circle and hit the russian with three more jab while quickly back away . commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) a blister pace by creed and drago look like he want to kill he . 98 . adonis circle . he throw another left-right - hook combination , follow by a scorching hook ! it 's amazing : the crowd be stare to boo ! drago catch this bastard ! vitor charge with he right hand cocked back . adonis side - step and throw two more jab . change direction and unleashes a pair of brilliant right hand that drive the audience's booing to a volcanic pitch ! vitor literally charge at adonis with murder in he eye . adonis change direction and catch he again !! commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) this be deja uv . this be exactly the way he father fight against vitor 's father . adonis throw a couple more jab but they be brush aside like pesky fly . vitor be grimace have be replace with a sinister grin . he wave adonis forward !! meanwhile , vitor 's huge leave arm be hang at he side as he move forward . adonis throw another jab that land and vitor smirk and gesture to try it again ! rocky he 's set you up ! get off the rope . vitor let adonis hit he with a right hand , then unleash a towering overhand right that smashes into creed 's face and send he reeling back into the rope ! the crowd explode . int . creed mansion mary anne be panic . mary anne oh God , no - CUT to : int . ring Three gruesome body shot painfully drive adonis along the rope . 99 . rocky tie he up ! vitor pound creed with body shot . rocky glance at the towel . just when it look hopeless , adonis rally . CUT to : int . arena ANTHONY tie he up ! CUT to : int . ring vitor charge back and throw a right that connect a second after the bell ring . adonis react to the cheap shot by counter with a left hook . the referee separate they . vitor shove he and curse . vitor ( to adonis ) you can not hit for shit - drago come over . rocky guide adonis away . commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) the fighter hit after the bell and this arena be on the verge of pandemonium . drago and Rocky exchange word ! and adonis creed be off to a rough start . commentator # 2 ( 0.s. ) he 's lucky to survive that onslaught . in drago' corner : drago be outrage . he shake he fist in he son 's face . drago what be you do ?! put he down ! in rocky's corner : rocky's team work on adonis . he be hurt but not swollen yet . 100 . ANTHONY amazing , brother , amazing ! CUT to : int . applebee' restaurant ROBERT watch he father tend to adonis as the cornerman work on he . the crowd be support adonis . CUT to : in rocky's corner : rocky forget the toe to toe " pride " crap ! he 's stronger !! always will be , get it ? but do not tell I he 's tougher ! use ya brain and not ya gut , be mean , but be smart ! ya gotta stay close !! in drago' corner : vitor do not come out ! vitor rise . drago glare across the ring at rocky with pure hatred . rocky expect the pain a ' give it back ! the bell ring . vitor rush out of he corner and start to FIRE out jab that adonis drop low and slip . the style be totally different . he be bobbing and weaving . commentator # 2 ( 0.s. ) creed wisely seem to have switch to plan B. hope to close the distance ! vitor be pound away . adonis manage to slip half of they . the other land with jarring force ! rocky side to side ! vitor be actually play to the crowd . he motion for they to cheer he on harder . commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) vitor drago be toy with creed ! rocky ya get closer , roll !! 101 . drago ( scream ) hit the bastard !! vitor loop a straight right hand and adonis slip it and fire a leaping left hook that catch the beast flush on the nose . blood seep from vitor 's nose ! commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) oh , a beautifully time leaping hook from creed bloddy the big man 's nose ! maybe it 's break ! commentator # 2 ( 0.s. ) here come creed ! CUT to : int . creed mansion mary anne nearly leap with excitement . CUT to : int . ring creed double hook he into he corner and unload six body shot in rapid combination . the crowd be on its foot . vitor tie he up but adonis break free ! rocky go for it ! like a enraged bull , vitor shove adonis . vitor rush forward , and throw a three punch combo , drop adonis !! commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) a clean combo drop adonis in he track , but miraculously , he be up at the count of three !! adonis be up immediately . vitor stand several foot away , taunting adonis . the referee try to push he away to a neutral corner . CUT to : int . ring angry , adonis look at rocky who indicate he 's okay . 102 . commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) one thing for sure , creed have a hell of a jaw to take that last shot ! I do not know how but he eye look clear and he 's up at seven . in rocky's corner : rocky stay close and crack that body ! in drago' corner : vitor raise he fist in victory . drago finish it ! CUT to : int . applebee' restaurant ROBERT look at the adoration in the crowd . viewer ».. he 's as tough as ya old man ! ROBERT tense . ROBERT «+. no way . CUT to : int . ringside commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) because of drago 's failure to go directly to a neutral corner , creed have a few precious second to clear he head ! the referee motion for both man to continue fight . vitor drago , ooze confidence , hold he right fist in the air . vitor where you want it ? where do ya want it ?! vitor jab and drive adonis back into the corner . rocky Circle - clear ya head !! 103. adonis unload a combination that stun vitor and dig to the rib . rocky ( cont 'd ) keep poundin ' ! the punch be come with amazing speed ! vitor try to get off the rope but adonis put he head on vitor 's chest and hit he with a massive hook that knock vitor' mouthpiece out ! int . creed mansion mary anne be on her feet ! int . applebee' restaurant the viewer cheer . ROBERT look from screen to the excited expression . logan int . ring vitor heave adonis back into a corner and pound adonis 's head . int . arena bianca : the crowd noise be overwhelming . the pain be evident . bianca cover up . oh , God . she take out she hearing aids and the roar of the stadium noise drop 90 :: percent : :... it be a eerie contrast . int . ring adonis double hook vitor , who answer back with a leave hook . the bell ring and adonis hit he after the bell . adonis hurt , do not it ?! vitor ( outrage ) I will kill you ! adonis ( back off ) ai not killin ' nobody . the men be separate and the crowd be on they foot . CUT to : 104 . int . adrian' restaurant spider and several customer watch rocky work the corner . customer ».. you get this ! CUT to : int . ring in drago' corner : vitor arrive at he corner . drago be you weak ?! what the hell be you do ! knock he out ! vitor you be weak , you lost ! in _rocky' corner : rocky step in front as adonis sit . ANTHONY hand he the water . they lock eye for a second . rocky how ya feelin' ? adonis hurting - you style suck . rocky I know , but it 's work - the bell ring . commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) we get what be shaping up to be a very competitive fight ! it 's gonna be a rough one ! rocky go for it ! you be the best ! ANTHONY get it , brother ! the fight now go into a montage ( approximately 3:30 ) of the man exchange punish blow and the tide shifting in each man 's favor . the crowd be sweep up in the drama . people cannot believe adonis be still on he foot and inflicting damage on the Russian behemoth . 105 . the battle become a engross display of gut , dignity and sheer will to win on adonis 's behalf . adonis will punish and be punished by a powerful foe . even when knock down , he rise and charge into the heat of battle . the use of speed change , color palette , optical effect and insight into the man 's subconscious , as well as the fighter ' p.o.v. while endure extraordinary pain yet really push forward in pursuit of victory , will all be on display . 11th round : the ninth round end as expect in a furious exchange : vitor pulverize adonis with two shot to the liver . adonis 's knee buckle but somehow he stay upright and battle back ! as the bell ring , the two man have to be separate . drago roughly shove rocky aside as he lead he batter son back to he corner . rocky ignore drago and help adonis to the corner . int . applebee' restaurant the tv cut to rocky attend to adonis in the corner . logan that 's my grandfather ! int . ringside buddy " king " charle be not enjoy what should have be a easy victory . in adonis' corner : rocky , cutman and ANTHONY attend to adonis . adonis hard to breathe . rocky I know , kid , I know - ANTHONY you get this - in _drago's corner : drago glare into he son 's bruise face . 106 . drago he be beat ! finish he !! vitor remain silent , amaze adonis be still present . in _adonis' corner : adonis swallow deep breath . rocky everything be say " no more " . but do not listen , do not hear nothin ' except ya brain sayin ' " I can do it ! I can do it ! " - say it - " I can do it ! " adonis I can do it ! the bell ring . the fighter rise . rocky vicious . the two fighter come to center ring . the referee indicate to touch glove . vitor refuse . vitor ( spit ) toe to toe . adonis I be here . the two fighter square off . vitor now resemble a ghastly reminder of he father in he prime . adonis be no longer fight flatfooted and in a classic boxer 's crouch . he now resembles he old self : upright , lighter on he feet . this have vitor confuse . vitor 's bloody sneer stretch across he face as he wave the energized adonis forward . vitor charge and adonis side - step and avoid the rush again . he still have not thrown a punch . the crowd be get agitate . commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) creed be have success with he crouching style of fight and for some reason , he have abandon it . 107 . commentator # 2 ( 0.s. ) now he 's back to he normal style - maybe not a good idea . commentator # 3 ( 0.s. ) drago continue to charge like a wounded bear . they be exchange word ! vitor fight ! c'mon ! bring it !! adonis you be too slow . vitor try to cut he off and adonis slip out of the corner . he lunge again . commentator # 1 ( 0.s. ) what be they do ! now it 's a war of word ! adonis circle to he leave , point . adonis ya get nothin' ! vitor c'mon ! incensed , ivan drago pound the ring apron . drago ( in Russian ) get he ! CUT to : int . creed mansion mary anne be fixate . CUT to : int . ring vitor throw and adonis slip and counter which catch vitor on the temple and stagger he ... adonis now drive he back . the crowd be gasping . rocky go for it !! CUT to : 108 . int . applebee' restaurant - night ROBERT look at the crowd that be on they foot . crowd «e. c'mon , do it !! ROBERT now rise . CUT to : int . ring vitor be on the rope . adonis pummel he with hook and rights to the head and body that have the Big man staggering and wincing in pain with each body shot . drago fight back !! vitor manage to shove adonis off . he hit he with a upper - CUT that rock he ! rocky now !! CUT to : int . ringside bianca do it ! do it ! int . adrian' restaurant - night spider and patron cheer the man on ! CUT to : int . ring adonis attack with unbelievable FURY . he hit with rapid fire punch to the body and head !! both man be very exhausted but still dangerous . they now settle in and throw all caution aside . they go toe to toe ! vitor ( bellow ) come on !! adonis and vitor exchange heavy blow , neither man willing to concede . adonis then uncork a huge hook that stagger the beast backward . as if chopping down a tree , creed fire shot after shot into he nemesis , but vitor , exhaust , try to rally back . he stagger adonis with he last powerful blow , which adonis absorb and attack back until vitor stumble back and collapse thunderously to the canvas floor !! 109 . adonis look at rocky and gesture skyward then charge forward , raise he hand in victory . rocky and he corner climb in to celebrate . CUT to : int . applebee' restaurant - night the crowd applaud and several of robert acquaintance compliment he and logan . he watch the image of adonis hugging bianca and rocky . ROBERT finally smile and gesture towards the tv . ROBERT special , huh . CUT to : int . ring drago glare at vitor and shake he head in disgust . ring announcer ( in Russian ) winner at 2:21 of the tenth round : adonis creed ! bianca hug she man . bianca you be incredible ! I love you !! the ring fill up with PRESS and hanger -on . the showtime announcer enter the ring and address adonis . showtime announcer adonis , could we have a word with you , over here please . rocky see ivan drago stare aggressively at he . adonis stand with rocky , bianca , ANTHONY , and padman while be interview . adonis I wanna give a shout out to Rocky , who help I get it back , and bianca , adonis ( cont 'd ) mother of we beautiful child , impossible to live without - and dedicate this to we father 's memory - Love ya , pop - thank you . it 's be a lot of hell , but worth it ! 110 . bianca kiss he and the scene fade . dissolve to : ext . arena - night the fan be now disperse into the cold night air . int . exit tunnel - night the adonis team have load up the suv and be prepare to leave . adonis and bianca stand in the snow . adonis c'mon , unc - adonis get into the suv . rocky exit , carry he gym bag . he start down the hallway and pause . he backtrack around the corner . CUT to : int . arena slightly open locker room door . rocky look in and see vitor , beat and face the wall , morally defeated , ashamed . rocky push the door open a touch more and see drago with he hand on he son 's shoulder , quietly consol he . adonis silently step into view behind rocky . drago feel they presence and turn , almost embarrassed . he rise and unnervingly approach . violence appear inevitable . inch apart , rocky and drago lock eye for a heavy moment . adonis be on alert . at the last moment , rocky avert he eye and direct he vision to the defeat son , vitor . drago too slowly turn and look at he son , then reface rocky . the meaning be clear . it 's over . help you only son ... rocky step back and close the door . rocky yo ... ya do pretty good . adonis ( laugh ) ».. vicious enough ? 111 . rocky I have see it do better . adonis by who ? you ? rocky absolutely . adonis know what 's cool ? growin ' old gracefully . rocky +.. but ungracefully be more fun . adonis I would not know . rocky ++. you will . rocky walk with adonis into the night . fade out .