crime spree written by Brad mirman first draft , March 1996 for educational purpose only fade in : int . dark room - night pitch dark . we hear two man speak french in hushed voice . note : all dialogue be in french until otherwise note . daniel ( whisper ) turn on the flashlight . julien I be try . it do not work . daniel it have to work . you just buy it this afternoon . a beat . julien do they come with battery ? daniel you do not buy battery ? julien I think they come with battery . daniel I can not believe you do not check . julien I buy everything you put on the list . glove . Pen knife . flashlight . battery be not on the list . daniel why should I have to put it on the list ? it 's like say to buy a car with tire . ext . house -- night a wealthy neighborhood of Paris off the champ elysee . large home line the secluded street . we see the silhouette of a man in a peugeot . we move in closer to see raymond gayet , 30' , wait nervously . int . dark room -- night Dark . daniel foray light he Zippo lighter . he be late 30' , tall , handsome with eye that seem to twinkle in the glow of the flame . beside he be julien labesse , 30' , hyper . Daniel place the lighter on a small table and move over to a painting on the wall . Daniel stop at one , remove a pen knife and start to cut the canvas from the frame . Daniel roll up the canvas . 2 . daniel let 's go . Julien start to pick up the zippo . daniel be careful it 's ... too late ! Julien have already pick it up . it burn he hand and he flick it away . it fly through the air and land in the corner of the room . the curtain catch on fire . daniel ... hot ! Julien panic ! he grab the canvas out of Daniel 's hand and begin beat the flame with it . Daniel look at he with disbelief . Julien flail he arm wildly as he beat back the flame . he turn to Daniel pleased that he effort have extinguish the fire , but unaware that the canvas have now catch on fire . a beat . Julien see the flame and put they out . Daniel just stare at he . he open the canvas . the painting be ruin . ext . STREET -- night a mercede park in front of the peugeot , box it in between it and a car behind it . the driver get out and walk away . int . house foyer -- night Daniel and Julien move through the darkness . daniel Light you lighter . I can not see anything ... and try not to burn down the house ! Julien remove a lighter and press it . the entire room fill with light . Julien stare at the flame amaze . old man' voice do not move ! they turn to see a old man stand at the top of the stair in he bathrobe . he be frail , he face pasty white . he be hold a very long , double - barrel shotgun . Julien look to Daniel with a ' what now ' expression . the old man slowly move down the stair . he lose he balance and fall down the stair , tumble head over heal until he reach the bottom . Daniel and Julien stare at the old man who be sprawle out on the floor , motionless . julien be he dead ? daniel I do not know . he look dead . 3. julien he look dead before he fall . the old man groan , then open he eye . he grab he shotgun . Daniel and Julien run to the door . ext . house -- night Daniel and Julien run towards the street . daniel start the car ! start the car ! Raymond start the engine . Daniel and Julien rush across the street and get in the back seat . Raymond try to pull out but there be only a few inch between the mercede in front and the car behind . like a pinball stick between two bumper the peugeot jerk rapidly back and forth . int . peugeot -- continuous Daniel and Julien stare angrily be Raymond . julien you do not think to move the car before we come out ! Daniel look out he window and see ... daniel be Pov -- the old man run out of he house with he shotgun and head towards the car . Raymond be desperately try to get the car free . they all slide down as the old man fire . the window on the leave side of the car shatter . daniel Raymond , get we out of here ! Raymond pop up and return to get the car out as the old man open the breach of the shotgun to reload .. Raymond floor the peugeot keep he foot on the brake . the engine revs . he turn the wheel to the leave and release the brake . the peugeot jut forward smash into the rear of the mercede and push in out into the street . before the old man can take aim the peugeot be speed down the street . int . peugeot -- moving -- night Raymond bite he lip nervously as he drive . Julien find the whole thing amusing . Daniel lean forward . daniel ( to Raymond ) you know what make a good get away driver ? ( more ) 4. daniel ( cont would ) ( control anger ) be able to get away ! raymond you be always point out my negative quality . my analyst say positive reinforcement be a much more productive way of relate with people . julien Fine . Raymond , we would like to commend you on how well you fuck up tonight . ext . STREET , paris -- day a narrow street . Daniel carry the cardboard tube as he walk with Julien and Raymond . they enter a warehouse . int . bastaldi be office -- day two large desk be line up face to face . one be empty . the other be occupy by laurant bastaldi , 40' , all business . off to the side be marcel burot , 40' . Daniel , Julien and Raymond enter . as they approach the desk Daniel glance at marcel who be stare at he . marcel ( amused ) I hear you almost get you ass blow off last night . some thief . a regular black panther . marcel glance at bastaldi to see if he appreciate he comment . raymond a Black panther be a member of a African american militant group in the sixty , marcel . I think you be refer to the pink panther . marcel pink panther , black panther . who give a shit ? and I do not remember ask you a God damn thing , you little turd . raymond there 's no reason to be abusive . you be project you anger on I as a defense mechanism . marcel what the hell be he talk about ? raymond I be talk about human being communicate openly and honestly . 5 . marcel how about get on you knee and communicate with my dick ? bastaldi shut up ! both of you ! you be give I a fuckin ' headache . a beat . Raymond and marcel stare at one another . we hear a muffle groaning SOUND in the b.g. daniel where 's you brother ? bastaldi Vincent 's in the States on business . ( a beat ; refer to the painting ) that it ? Daniel lay the cardboard tube contain the painting on the desk . bastaldi remove the painting . to he it be not a work of art , just a commodity to be sell . he open he desk drawer , remove several large stack of money and hand they to Daniel . bastaldi okay . now I have get something I want to -- we hear the groan sound again . bastaldi look irritate . he get up and walk over to a closet . he open to the door to reveal a man in he underwear , he wrist tie behind he back , he mouth tape shut . a wire noose be around he neck force he to stand on he tip toe to avoid hang himself . bastaldi do you mind ? I be try to do some business here . the man look at bastaldi through plead eye and mumble something . bastaldi one more sound out of you and I be go to cut you fuckin ' tongue out . bastaldi close the door . Daniel look at he inquisitively . bastaldi you take someone in . give they a steady job and how do they repay you ? by claim to misplace a shipment of you merchandise . raymond maybe he do misplace it . bastaldi you misplace you car key . you misplace you cell phone . ( more ) 6 . bastaldi ( cont would ) you do not misplace one hundred and forty seven wide - screen tv 's ! daniel laurant , how long have he be in there ? bastaldi look puzzle . bastaldi I do not know . what day be today ? julien Thursday . bastaldi be it Thursday already ? this week have just shot by . bastaldi think about something for a moment , then ... bastaldi you and you crew speak English , do not you ? Daniel be still stare at the closet . bastaldi hey Daniel ! hello ? ( snap he finger ) do you guy speak English ? daniel uh , yeah . bastaldi good . I have a job for you in America . bastaldi toss a photo of a middle - age american couple . he point to a diamond necklace around the woman 's neck . bastaldi the Taylors from Chicago . very rich . a acquaintance of mine recently quit work for Mrs. Taylor as a assistant . she tell I they keep all they jewelry in a safe in they bedroom . julien it seem like a long way to go for a necklace . daniel besides , we do not know the city and -- marcel ( overlap ) Mr. bastaldi be not ask you if you want to go . ( more ) 7. marcel ( cont would ) he 's tell you you be go ! and if he 's tell you you be go to be go then you be go to go ! bastaldi thank you marcel , for that ... extremely redundant explanation . daniel c'mon , laurant , America ? bastaldi the job be worth about two million euros . pull this off and you and you crew could make some real money , Daniel . you leave tomorrow . they know they do not have a choice . julien we be go to need to find someone who know the city . marcel I know someone . ext . notre dame -- day the plaza be fill with tourist . move through the crowd be sami zerhouni , algerian , late 20' , a small time street hustler , dress in jeans and a " I Love Paris " tee-shirt . he pass a man who be about to take a picture and lift he wallet . sami move on . he see two overweight woman stand at a vendor 's cart , hold a large wad of money . the woman put the cash back in she purse , but do not zip it up . sami move in behind she and slip he hand into the purse . she zip the bag close . sami 's face fill with pain as the zipper catch the hair of he arm . the woman walk towards the cathedral . sami have no choice but follow after they . he try to match they pace so he do not alert they of he presence . the woman look back and see sami 's hand . she pull she bag away , rip a section of hair off he arm , then swing the bag , put all of she weight behind it . it hit sami squarely in the face . he land on he back with a thud . wallet and billfold fly out from every one of he pocket . he stagger to he foot and start to pick up the wallet when he see ... he Pov -- across the plaza : of two police officer move towards he . he know he have no more time . he take off run , disappear into the crowd . 8. int . cafe -- latin quarter -- day sami be at the bar . he see marcel enter and run towards the back . stand in he way be one of marcel 's men . sami turn around as marcel approach and force a smile . note : all dialogue be now in English unless otherwise note . marcel go somewhere ? sami oh , marcel ! I think you be somebody else . if I know it be you I would have never run . a long , awkward beat as marcel just glare at he . sami you be probably here for the money I owe you . ( off marcel 's nod ) I do not have it . marcel open the door to the bathroom and push sami inside . int . bathroom -- continuous -- day marcel close the door . he be face to face with sami . sami you know this be how rumor get start . marcel punch sami in the stomach . he drop to he knee . a beat . the door to the bathroom open and the large man peer inside . he stare awkwardly at what he perceive as the beginning of a sexual act . sami told you . marcel slam the door then grab sami by the ear and yank he to he foot . marcel today 's you lucky day , sami . sami ( breathlessly ) yeah , I can see that . marcel normally I would be break you finger right now , but I be go to give you a chance to make enough to pay I back and have some extra for yourself . we have a group go to Chicago to do a job . you be go with they . 9. sami I ? marcel you live there . you know the city . sami I have still get a few legal problem back in the States . marcel glare at he . sami ( nervously ) but I would be ... I would be happy to go . marcel stare at he with hard expression . marcel if you try to leave town I will know . if you manage to leave town I will find you ... and the next time we meet in a bathroom I will be cut you up into little piece . he hand sami a piece of paper . marcel be at this address at nine o'clock tomorrow morning . int . cafe -- morning Daniel sit with Julien . at the end of the bar Raymond be on the pay phone . raymond ( in french ) yes , mama . yes , I have my vitamin . I have everything . of course I be come back . I be not leave you . I be only go to be go a few day . I will call you when I get there . okay ? I have get to go now . ( listen ) mama , I have get to go . ( listen ) no , I be not yell . sami enter and walk over to Daniel and Julien . sami I be sami . marcel send I . julien what be it you do , sami ? 10 . sami you know , a little of this , a little of that . I have boost car , steal radio , run a few scam . right now I be into pick -pockete . julien I see . a master criminal . sami hey , I be tell to come here by marcel . you guy do not want I , I will be more than happy to leave . the door open . zero enter . no one know he last name . he be 40' , blonde hair , leather jacket , black pants . look more like a rock-star than a criminal . his eye be flat and there be a intensity about he that be unnerve . Zero casually nod to Daniel . Zero stare at sami as Daniel lead he over . daniel ( to sami ) this be Zero . sami hi. I be one and this be two , three , four and five . sami laugh at he little joke . the other cringe . one look in Zero 's eye tell sami what everyone else already know : this be not someone to fuck with . Julien put he arm around sami and lead he away from the other . julien let I give you some advice . you do not want to piss he off because he will kill you for the fun of it . what you want to do be keep you mouth shut and do what we tell you . zero ( in french ) so , we be go to America ? daniel in English . sami do not speak french . zero where be you from ? sami Algeria . zero and you do not speak french ? 11 . sami well , you know , not all Algerians speak french . it 's a matter of what school you go too . I I never really -- zero ( overlap ) -- Zero be not interested in you life story . ( to Daniel ) who get kill ? daniel hopefully no one . zero ( confuse ) no one ? then why be Zero here ? sami lean over to Raymond . sami he speak about himself in the third person ? raymond feel free to correct he if you want . daniel ( to Zero ) I just want you there in case there 's trouble . zero and if there be , then Zero can kill someone ? daniel we will see . ext . cafe -- day Daniel and the other step out carry they suitcase . the door to a limousine open and marcel get out . the scene be in french . bastaldi ( to Daniel ) I think I would accompany you to the airport to say bon voyage ... and tell you that marcel will be go with you . daniel what ? bastaldi this be a considerable move up for you , Daniel . the temptation of have so much money might be too much for you . 12. daniel you do not trust I ? bastaldi I do not trust anyone . you do not get to the top of this game by trust people ... and after all , you be a thief . it 's in you nature to steal . I be just protect my investment . int . limo -- moving -- day for many of they this be the first time they have ever be inside a limo . Julien pour himself a drink . sami play around with the air conditioner . Zero turn on the radio and click through a few station until he come to renaud sing " Des que le vent souffera . " he lean back in he seat , bob he head to the music . marcel do not like it . he change the station . we hear johnny hallyday sing , " que je taime . " marcel that 's better . Zero do not like it . he push the button return to the renaud song and stare at marcel . marcel , not to be outdone return the hallyday song . like two child they click the button of the radio , switch back and forth between renaud and hallyday . bastaldi have have enough . bastaldi stop it ! both of you ! he turn off the radio . a long beat . marcel , like a child who have to have the last word start sing to himself quietly , but loud enough for Zero to hear . marcel ( sing ) ... que je t'aime ... que je ... marcel see bastaldi glaring at he and stop . ext . o'hare airport -- morning Daniel and the crew get into a mini-van taxi . ext . chicago drive montage -- morning Quick cut of the familiar sight of the city . the sear building . Chicago board of trade building . grant park . then with each successive cut the beauty of the city seem to fade until we be in ... 13. ext . STREET -- morning a industrial section of the city . empty street . run down building . graffiti fill wall and burnt out hull of abandon car line the street . the taxi driver lean out he window . taxi driver be you sure you guy have the right address ? this be not no tourist area . marcel look at a piece of paper he be hold . marcel yes . we be sure . the taxi speed off , leave they stand on the sidewalk , they bag in a pile . suddenly , from out of nowhere three black tough appear and walk over . Daniel look behind he and see another two approach from the rear . Zero calmly sit down on one of the suitcase . sami let I handle this . lamar , 30' , the leader of the group step forward . sami hey , brother . what 's happen , man ? sami raise he hand as if to greet lamar . lamar do not you brother I , motherfucker . sami look like a idiot with he hand up in the air . he casually lower it . lamar look over the group and grin . lamar what 's in the bag ? julien dirty underwear . lamar force a laugh . lamar dirty underwear . that 's a good one . let I explain something to you . this be my street and you be gonna give I want I what or I be gonna bust you head open . Raymond step forward and place he hand on lamar 's arm . raymond lamar , violence be never a answer to settling dispute . I can see you have a lot of anger ... but this be not the way to get it out . 14 . lamar get outta my face ! lamar remove a knife . the other in he group bring out a assortment of club , chain and pipe . lamar now , be you go to give I the suitcase ? or be we go to have to take they ? Zero be still sit on one of the suitcase . zero va the faire foutre ! lamar what do he say ? daniel he say to go fuck yourself . zero we be tired and bored with you bullshit . so , put that stupid little knife away before Zero shove it up you ass . lamar who be Zero ? julien he be . lamar ( to Julien ) he speak about himself in the third person ? Julien shrug he shoulder . lamar maybe Zero would like to get off he ass and take my knife from I ? zero if you insist . Zero stand up and raise he hand . he be hold a .9 mm Glock . he aim it at lamar 's head . lamar 's brave exterior quickly fade now that he be look down the barrel of the gun . the rest of he gang turn and run away . Zero aim the gun at he groin . zero leave now before Zero shoot off that little raisin you call ball . lamar run away . Daniel and the other smile at Zero as they pick up they bag and walk towards a building . 15 . Zero be leave with sami who stare at he with disbelief . sami you put a load gun in you bag and bring it through custom ? how stupid be that ? zero Zero do not put it in he bag . he put it in yours . Zero grin and walk away . ext . warehouse -- morning the crew stand at a door . marcel knock . a peep-hole in the door be open and a eye look they over . marcel we be look for Sophie . laurant send we . the door be open by sophie ( the girl in the photo on bastaldi 's computer ) . she be late 20' , beautiful . sami ( softly ) ouh La La. int . sophie' warehouse -- morning a old building , the room be partition off by sheet hang from the ceiling . the main area be a artist workspace where large abstract painting lean against the wall . sophie I be not expect this many of you . I have get a few sleep bag you can use . sami thanks . of to the side , sit on the couch be wayne , 20' , a burn - out with long hair and a scraggly goatee . his face be bury in a bong as he suck in a lung full of marijuana . he watch a cartoon show on the television . sophie ( to all of they ) this be Wayne . my roommate . Raymond walk over to he . raymond I be Raymond . thank you for allow we to stay here . 16 . wayne no problem , man . ( offer he the bong ) hey , you wanna hit ? raymond no thank you . Raymond look at the television and see a cartoon show . raymond oh , pepe Le Pew . he be very funny and quite well know in France . wayne yeah , I dig he . raymond although a cartoon I feel he share a universal theme : we be all search for love . no ? Wayne stare at he with a dead pan expression as he try to assemble a coherent think . wayne whoa ... that 's deep . sophie you guy hungry ? int . coffee shop -- afternoon because of the hour the room be not crowded . only a few people sit at the counter sip coffee . a waitress , 50' , bee hive hair style , face cover in make up arrive at the table . waitress ready to order ? Julien look up at she . julien could we see a wine list please ? waitress ( smirk ) that 's cute . sophie they do not have a wine list . julien oh , then we will have the house wine . waitress sure -- and would you like that before you escargot in white truffle sauce ? 17 . julien I do not order escargot . sami they do not serve wine here . julien what kind of restaurant do not serve wine ? sami this kind . julien okay . I will have a beer . waitress I do not think he 's grasp the concept . iced tea , lemonade , coca cola , sprite or root beer . julien ( to the other ) c'est quoi root beer ? daniel he will have a sprite . we will all have sprite . waitress good . now that we have get the beverage selection out of the way , dare we move on to the main course ? zero idiot . Zero grin as he put a cigarette in he mouth . the waitress pull it out of he mouth . waitress and no smoking . zero ( in french ) no smoking ? no drink ? what kind of country be this ? CUT to : close on man' face . vinny , 40' , not the brightest bulb on the tree . his head snap back as someone punch he in the face . blood flow from he nose . we be in ... 18. ext . alley -- afternoon two gangster stand on each side of vinny . they be joey " two ton " 40' , could have a second career as a sumo wrestler . nicky " the rake " , 30' , thin a rail . they make a strange pair but they both have one thing in common : they be stone cold killer . stand in front of the they be frankie zammito , 30' , a wise guy , tough as they come . he wear a well tailore suit , black leather glove and polished shoe . vinny ( frighten ) I be sorry , frankie . really . vinny get off he knee and move towards Zammito . zammito you bleed on I , I will kill ya . vinny take a step back . zammito what would I tell you ? huh , vinny ? what would I tell you when you come to I for money ? do not I ask you not to do it ? do I not say that ? ( to joey ) what would I say to he ? joey " two ton " you say do not do it , boss . zammito that 's right . I say do not do it . do you listen to I ? no . you want the money . so , I leat you twenty large . now it 's be three week and you be not pay a dime . what do you think that make I look like on the street ? I do not do something to you and everyone will think they can skate . vinny frankie , I -- zammito -- shut up ! do not you try to make I feel bad about this . you know what would happen to you if you do not pay . this be on you head , not mine . ( to joey and nicky ) break he arm . vinny look up at Zammito through plead eye . vinny Jesus , frankie , I be you brother ! 19 . zammito that 's why we be only break one arm . int . coffee shop -- later -- afternoon the table be litter with plate . Sophie have sketch out a diagram of a house on she napkin . sophie there 's a exterior alarm system . there 's also another one in the hall that lead to the bedroom with a motion detector . the control panel be in the bedroom . julien I can handle the exterior alarm , but the one in the bedroom be a problem . sami after the outside alarm be off we go in through the bedroom window . daniel ( impressed ) good. Zero and Julien will go in through the window and disable the motion detector . the rest of we will come in through the front door . julien what about transportation ? sophie you can use my car . daniel not a good idea . someone get a license number and it all lead back to you . Raymond , you will steal one . raymond no problem . sami when do we go ? sophie tonight . daniel tonight ? sophie I know they will not be home tonight . sami you ever hear of jet lag ? 20 . sophie take a nap . ext . sophie' warehouse -- afternoon as they crew and Sophie approach the door we hear the mute roar of loud music . int . sophie' warehouse -- afternoon as the enter the music be even louder . the bass pound through the wall . Wayne seem oblivious to it as he sit on the couch smoking a joint . julien what the hell be that ? wayne neighbor . they do this all the time . sami I can not even hear myself think . zero how be we suppose to sleep with this noise ? sophie I have ask they a hundred time to keep in down . they do not listen . raymond I will talk to they . Sophie and Wayne both find he offer amusing . wayne yeah . right . sophie not a good idea . raymond it 's just a matter of communication . Raymond leave . ext . side of warehouse -- afternoon Raymond walk towards a door at the end of the building . the music grow louder . he knock on the door and wait . it be open by a very large man ... a biker type , leather jacket , full beard , several long earring hang from he ear . he be hold a Beer bottle . behind he be two other rough -look man . 21 . raymond ( cheerfully ; loudly over the music ) hello . my name be Raymond . I be visit next door and I be wonder if you could make you music a little less loud . the biker take a sip of he beer . biker no . raymond but the music be very -- before Raymond can finish he sentence the biker pour he beer over Raymond 's head . biker fuck off ! he slam the door in Raymond 's face . int . sophie' warehouse -- moment later -- afternoon the music continue to pound through the wall . a soggy Raymond step into the room . he walk over to a chair and sit down , he head hang down , embarrassed . marcel be angere by this . he glance over to Daniel who subtly nod to he . marcel leave the room . ext . side of warehouse -- moment later -- afternoon marcel walk purposefully along the side of the building . he reach into he jacket pocket and remove two black leather glove . he slip they on as he approach the door , then knock . a beat . the biker open the door . biker listen asshole , I tell you -- marcel head butt he , slamm he forehead into the bridge of he nose . the biker clasp he hand over he bleed nose . marcel grab he by the hair and rapidly punch he in face several time -- each punch back the biker into the room . int . biker' warehouse -- continuous on the last punch the biker fall backwards crash through a large glass coffee table . biker # 2 move in behind marcel and throw a hard punch as marcel turn around . marcel bend he head down , so that he attacker fist slam into the hard crown of he skull . biker # 2 painfully grab he break knuckle . marcel knee he hard in the groin . biker # 2 turn to he side and double over . marcel kick the man into the back of he knee spin he around and down on he knee . 22. in a fluid movement he elbow the man in the back of head . biker # 2 fall face forward and be out cold . marcel turn to the third biker who be stand by the stereo . he be smaller than the other and have see enough . he quickly turn off the power . dead quiet . int . sophie' warehouse -- moment later -- afternoon marcel enter . Wayne be on the couch with Raymond . wayne ( impressed ) what would you say to they ? marcel ( dryly ) nothing . ext . south side social club -- afternoon a plain look building in a old neighborhood of the city . int . south side social club - zammito's office -- afternoon Zammito sit at he desk . joey " two ton " and nicky " the rake " sit on the couch . Bobby bean bald , stocky enter . zammito hey , Bobby bean ... how you doin ' ? he walk up to Zammito and they kiss each other on the cheek . bobby bean good . I be do good . how you doin ' , frankie ? zammito good . I be good . bobby bean Mr. maranzano send he warmest regards . zammito when you return please extend my regards to Mr. maranzano and he family . Zammito motion for Bobby to sit down . zammito can I offer you something . a drink ? coffee ? bobby bean no thank you . 23. zammito you sure ? I just get a shipment of espresso from Sicily . special blend . can not find anything like it in the States . bobby bean I be good . really . zammito okay . I understand you be interested in one of we property ? bobby bean yeah . that warehouse over on merchant Street . the volume on we import business have rise dramatically . the proceed this quarter will be supernumerary due to the -- zammito ( overlap ) -- Super what ? bobby bean supernumerary . it mean better than expect . zammito then why not just fuckin ' say better than expect ? everybody know what better than expect mean . bobby bean I be take a vocabulary course to enhance my communication skill . zammito okay . how much ? bobby bean I be not here to negotiate . zammito why be you here ? bobby bean to tell you that we be interested in the property . zammito you tell I that on the phone . what the hell be you do here ? show off you communication skill ? go back to you people and tell they when they be serious to put a number on the table . bobby bean I will relay the particular of we conversation to Mr. maranzano . 24 . zammito yeah -- you do that . Bobby bean leave . zammito jerk-wad ! Zammito look over at joey and nicky . zammito how 's my brother ? nicky " the rake " he 's over at St. James . they have to put two pin in he arm . zammito I say a clean break . joey " two ton " hey boss , it 's not a science . zammito send some flower . something nice . rose or carnation . and one of that get well soon card . nicky get up to carry out he instruction . zammito oh and uh , send a case of steak over to he house . I do not want the kid to go hungry while he 's recuperate . int . sophie' warehouse -- later -- afternoon Julien and Zero be play card at the back of the room . sami sit by himself sorting through a black canvas bag fill with shoe . Sophie join he . sami pull another pair of shoe out of the canvas bag . sophie you like shoe ? sami no , I like the bag . it would be good for the job tonight . sophie it belong to Vincent bastaldi . he leave it last time he be here . I be sure he would not mind if you use it . sami dump the rest of the shoe out of the bag . sophie so , how do you get hook up with this guy ? 25 . sami just lucky I guess . how would you start work for the bastaldi' ? sophie the art world do not fully appreciate my talent yet . I need some way to pay the rent . laurant and Vincent pay well for information . sami so you arrange to have the people you work for rob ? sophie they be not nice people . she see a tattoo on sami 's arm . it 's a heart with someone 's fade name . sophie I like you tattoo . sami be suddenly self - conscious of it . she trace along the letter with she finger . sophie ( read the name ) casandra . Old girlfriend ? sami something like that . sophie do she break you heart ? sami something like that . sophie it look old . do you get it a long time ago ? sami you ask a lot of question . sophie that 's how you get to know someone . do it hurt when you get it ? sami I do not remember . I be drunk . sophie you get it in a bar ? sami no . I get it in prison . I go in for three year . when I come out she be marry to my best friend . happy ? 26 . sophie sorry . I do not mean to pry . sami it 's okay . it be a long time ago . sophie I have be think about get tattoo . you know , a flower or something . on my ass . sami look at she quizzically . sami who 's gonna see it there ? sophie the lucky one . she smile flirtatiously and walk away . ext . liquor store -- evening a car drive up . we can only see the outline of a old chevy impala . two man get out of the car , leave the engine run as they head for the liquor store . across the street Raymond be check out a buick lasabre , but stop when he see the flash alarm light on the dashboard . he look across the street and see the impala . int . liquor store -- evening a old man be behind the counter . two mask man enter with gun and rush up to the counter . RAPHAEL gimme the money ! the old man open the cash register and hand he all the bill . RAPHAEL open the safe ! old man I do not have the combination . raphael pistol whip he with he gun and drag he half way over the counter , then press he gun to the old man 's head . old man I swear ! I do not have it ! raphael push he to the floor . he run out of the store with the other . 27 . ext . liquor store -- evening they run out and remove they mask . RAPHAEL ruiz , 20' , Latin , tough , shave head , neck cover with tattoo . hector , Latin , small , cubby , stop and stare at something with confusion . hector hey , vato , where 's you car ? raphael stop as he see the street be empty . RAPHAEL my car ! hector have to grab raphael who be too stunne to move and drag he down the street . int . sophie' warehouse -- evening the crew get ready . on the table a variety of gear be laid out . cell phone , electronic device , all the tool of the trade . sami throw some item into the black canvas bag . a cell phone ring . Julien answer it . julien it 's Raymond . he 's outside with the car . they grab they gear and head for the door . Sophie lean over and kiss sami on the cheek . he stare at she , half surprised , half embarrassed . sophie for luck . ext . STREET , sophie' warehouse -- night the crew step out to find Raymond in the impala . we can see it clearer now . it 's a low rider car . Bright orange flame be paint on the side , wire wheel and chrome exhaust pipe . sami I be glad you do not get something flashy . raymond watch this . Raymond push a button and the hydraulics make the car bounce up and down . sami roll he eye as the other get into the car . across the STREET -- lamar be stand in the shadow with one of he friend , watch . int . impala -- moving -- evening the six of they be cramme into the car as it move down the street . Julien study a map . 28 . int . raphael's house -- evening raphael sit on the couch . he can barely contain he anger . he look up slowly , he jaw clench . hector sit across from he with a few other gang banger . hector maybe you should call the police . RAPHAEL hey , idiot -- I have get steal wheel and a steal radio in the car . hector I just think that -- RAPHAEL ( overlap ) -- do not think . okay ? you be not good at it . the other gang banger laugh at hector . RAPHAEL go do something -- get some beer for the guy . hector slink out of the room . raphael 's face harden . RAPHAEL when I find out who do this I be go to mount they head on my dashboard ! int . italian restaurant -- evening a family operation . checkerboard table clothes . candle burn in chianti bottle . on the stereo VIC damone sing " Angela Mia " . Zammito wait at a table . his cell phone ring . zammito ( into phone ) yeah ? half tooth tony ( v.o. ) Mr. B. want to see you . zammito now ? I have get a date with a drop dead major babe . half tooth tony ( v.o. ) I will tell he that . Zammito think it over . zammito okay . I be come . he walk over to the mario , the owner of the restaurant . 29 . zammito mario , I gotta go . when my date arrive tell she I have a emergency . mario of course , Mr. Zammito . ext . wrigley field stadium -- night the impala be stop in the parking lot . raymond ( v.o. ) I think we go the wrong way . sami ( v.o. ) oh , you think ? marcel ( v.o. ) the map say to go leave . julien ( v.o. ) yeah and if you turn it around it would say to go right . marcel ( v.o. ) ( amused ) oh yeah . int . bonanno' house , study -- evening Zammito enter to find angelo bonanno , 60' , powerful , head of the Chicago mob . he be smoking a cigar with a glass of brandy . bonanno frankie , come in . good to see you . you want something ? zammito no , I be good , angelo . bonanno motion to the couch . Zammito sit down . bonanno I understand Bobby bean come to see you today . zammito yeah . seem maranzano want to talk about buy the merchant Street warehouse . bonanno and ? zammito and nothing . he 's just feel we out . 30 . bonanno he 's try to get a foot hold in we territory . zammito he stick he toe in the water again , we will cut them off . bonanno Business must be good if he can afford to buy up useless property . zammito I hear this quarter he profit be gonna be supernumerary . bonanno stare at he . bonanno they be gonna be what ? zammito supernumerary . it mean better than expect . bonanno good word . half tooth tony , 30' , build like a tank step into the room . he have the face of a boxer , several of he tooth be chip or break . half tooth tony Mr. bonanno , I just want to remind you that you have a appointment in ten minute . half tooth tony leave . zammito someone else come ? bonanno Nah , that 's just tony 's way of tell I judge Judy start in ten minute . you ever watch it ? zammito uh , no -- bonanno you should . you can learn a lot about the criminal justice system on a program like that . very informative . stay and watch it with I . zammito you know , I be kind of tired . I be just gonna go home if it 's all the same to you . 31 . bonanno affectionately slap Zammito 's cheek . bonanno go. Rest . bonanno take a sip of he brandy , but he eye stay on Zammito . bonanno oh frankie , what 's this I hear about you brother ? zammito he miss three week . bonanno you own brother ? you could not send someone else to do it ? zammito I do . joey " two ton " and nicky " the rake " do the deed . bonanno but you be there ? zammito angelo , we live and die by the rule we make . we be man of honor , but honor without respect be a ... horse - less carriage . a long beat . bonanno think about what he say , not sure what to make of it , then ... bonanno what the fuck do that mean ? ext . STREET -- night the impala be by the pump . sami lean out the window hold the map as he speak with the station attendant . ext . residential STREET -- night a upscale neighborhood . expensive home line the wood street . the impala stop and the crew get out . daniel ( to Raymond ) Park on the next street over . we will meet you when we be do . ext . zammito's house -- night Julien attaches a device to the alarm panel . a series of number flash by as the computer crack the code . one by one , the number stop until the entry code be display on the screen . he enter the number on the alarm and nod to the other . 32 . Julien and Zero move around to the side of the house as Daniel , sami and marcel wait in the shadow . ext . zammito's house , side of house -- night Julien place a retractable ladder against the wall and climb up . he pries open the window and climb in . Zero follow . int . zammito's house , bedroom -- night Dark . Julien make he way to the door and repeat the process with another alarm panel . Zero sit on the corner of the bed and wait patiently . Julien turn off the hall alarm and nod to Zero . Zero speed dial a number on he cell phone . zero we be in . ext . zammito's house -- night Daniel use a locksmith tool and quickly pries the lock out of the door . they go inside . int . zammito's bedroom -- night Julien and Zero wait for they . we hear a toilet flush . the door to the bathroom open and a man step out . in a instant Julien and Zero jump he . the other enter and quickly join in to subdue the man . ext . STREET -- night Raymond wait in the impala . he can not resist use the hydraulics , raise the car up and down . int . zammito's bedroom -- night the light be on . the room be a interior designer nightmare . clash color , zebra skin bedspread . we move along Daniel , sami , marcel , Julien and Zero as they stare at something . there Pov -- tied to a chair , he mouth tape shut , be a very angry frankie Zammito . he yell , he voice muffle by the tape , but it 's not hard to understand what he 's say . daniel so much for no one be home . Julien go to a bookcase and find the safe . julien at least they get this right . he remove he tool and go to work . sami stare at Zammito with vague recognition , then turn to the other . 33. sami we have get to be careful not to use we real name while we be in here . daniel good idea . sami I will be elvis and you -- marcel ( overlap ) -- I want to be elvis . sami it 's my idea . marcel ( whining ) c'mon , I look more like elvis than you do . sami okay . you can be elvis . marcel smile happily . sami and the rest of we be ... John , Paul , George and ringo . marcel see a autograph baseball on the book shelf . marcel hey , Barry bond . the home run king . marcel toss the ball into the black canvas bag . Daniel stare at he . marcel it 's for my nephew . int . house across the STREET -- night a surveillance operation . two FBI agent sit near the window . a small card table be litter with coffee cup . special agent agent hadley , 40' , a harden field agent , pick up a pair of binocular and look out the window . he Pov - through the binoculars : of Zammito tie to the chair and surround by the other . agent hadley look like Zammito 's be rob . FBI agent should I call c.p.d .? 34 . agent hadley yeah , but tell they not to move until this moron come out of the house . int . zammito's bedroom -- night black screen . from inside the safe we see Julien open the door . Daniel and Julien look inside . there be a several stack of cash , envelope and a small cardboard box . Julien start remove everything and put it into the bag canvas bag . julien where be the jewel ? there be not any jewel . marcel look as surprised as they be . marcel there have to be . julien I be tell you I have pull out everything in the safe . there be not any jewel . marcel there must be half a million dollar here though . daniel marcel , we come here for jewel , remember ? sami move closer to Zammito , study he face . he move over to the dresser where there be several photograph of Zammito with various famous people . next to the photograph be a plaque that read : to francis zammito ... we can see the color drain from sami 's face . he glance over at Zammito whose eye be lock on he . sami grab Daniel and marcel and pull they aside . sami ( babbling nervously ) we have a problem . Problem be not the right word . dilemma . no that really do not describe -- ( flatly ) do you know who that be ? marcel Mr. Taylor ? sami no , that 's not Mr. Taylor . daniel ( sense something bad be come ) it 's not ? 35 . sami that 's frankie Zammito . the under boss of the Chicago mafia . marcel ( confuse ) why would they want we to rob the mafia ? sami ( scream ) we're in the wrong house , you fuckin ' idiot ! a beat . the three of they turn and look at Zammito . the seriousness of the situation finally dawns on marcel . he move over to Zammito and rip the tape off he mouth . marcel Mr. Zammito , there seem to have be a big mistake here . May I use you phone ? zammito feel free . marcel pick up the cordless phone and dial . quick CUT to : int . bastaldi be bedroom - early morning bastaldi remove a sleep mask and answer the phone . bastaldi hello ? marcel ( v.o. ) ( in french ) it 's elvis ... bastaldi who ? marcel ( v.o. ) ( in french ) it 's I ... bastaldi marcel ? CUT back to : int . zammito's bedroom -- night marcel continue he conversation . marcel ( in french ) yes. ( more ) 36 . marcel ( cont would ) we go to the address we be give and have to tie up the owner of the house who turn out to be some mafia guy . bastaldi ( v.o. ) ( in french ) you be there now ? marcel oui . bastaldi ( in french ) you be call I on you cell phone , right ? marcel no . bastaldi ( v.o. ) ( in french ) you be call I on be phone ? marcel oui . bastaldi ( v.o. ) ( in french ) my number 's go to show up on he bill ! marcel ( in french ) should I call you back ? we can hear bastaldi sigh over the line . bastaldi ( v.o. ) ( in french ) you have already rob the safe ? marcel oui . bastaldi ( v.o. ) ( in french ) take what you have get and get out of there . bastaldi hang up . the line go dead . zammito walk out of here with nothing and I will forget this ever happen . sami yeah . right . you be not a vendetta kind of guy . 37 . zammito I will find you . no matter where you go I will find you . daniel you do not carry the same weight in France as you do here . marcel whisper into Daniel 's ear . marcel you think it 's smart to tell he we be french ? daniel I think he 's already figure that out . Zero who have be stand quietly by the window see something across the street . a flash . Light reflect off glass . he take a pair of night vision binocular out of one of the bag and look out the window . zero's Pov -- of agent hadley and the other FBI agent watch he . zero we be be watch . Daniel grab the binocular and look . daniel cop ? zammito FBI . they have be there for month . think I do not know . moron . Daniel close the curtain . he try to think . the crew huddle together in the corner , speak softly so Zammito can not hear they . julien what do we do ? marcel I be tell to take what we have and go . julien go where ? the police be outside . Daniel look at the other . daniel if we do this we all have to agree . marcel and Zero nod . Daniel look to Julien who appear indecisive . julien I do not know . maybe if we do just leave -- 38 . sami c'mon , get real , will you . you think he 's just go to forget about this ? this guy be all about respect . all about honor . he 's come after we , so we might as well take the money . Julien nod . sami walk over and grab the black canvas bag . zammito you be all dead . Zero grin then tape he mouth close again . ext . back of house -- night the crew go out the back door and climb over a fence . ext . STREET -- night the crew arrive to find Raymond still play with the hydraulics of the impala . they get in . ext . sophie' warehouse -- night the impala pull into a driveway and go to the rear of the building , out of view from the street . ext . sophie' front door -- night the crew wait as the door be unlock . Wayne open the door in a stone haze . int . sophie' warehouse -- night the crew place they equipment on the table . sophie ( v.o. ) Wayne , who be it ? she enter and appear surprised to see they . sophie I be not expect you guy back so fast . how would it go ? she quickly notice they angry expression . sami how would it go ? I do not know . Daniel , how would you say it go ? daniel I would have to say ... pretty fuckin ' bad . you give we the wrong address Sophie . 39 . sophie no , I do not . julien bastaldi get the address from you , yes ? sophie yes . julien and he give it to we . 145 ridgeway Road . sophie no. 145 ridgeroad Way . daniel that moron . marcel it be a honest mistake . ridgeway ... ridgeroad ... ridgeway Road . daniel everyone get some sleep . we be leave in the morning . int . surveillance house -- night agent hadley check he watch . agent hadley what the hell be they do in there ? FBI agent Chicago p.d. say they can not hold the unit here any longer . they want to know if they should go in ? agent hadley think a moment . agent hadley tell they no . we will advise if anything change . int . zammito's bedroom -- night Zammito be still tie to he chair . he Pov -- of the cordless phone of he bed . he push with he foot , slide the chair over to the bed , then start rock back and forth until he tip over forward , he face press against the mattress . use he nose he turn on the phone and press a speed dial number . 40 . int . joey two ton bedroom -- night joey " two ton " be asleep in a sleeveless tee shirt . next to he be he wife , she hair in curler , she eye cover by a black sleep mask . the phone ring . joey answer it . joey " two ton " yeah ? we hear Zammito 's muffle cry for help . it almost sound like someone moan during a sexual act . joey be surprised at first , then glance over at he wife to make sure she be asleep . he slide he hand under the cover and close he eye . joey " two ton " ( quietly ) hmmm .... oh yeah ... uh huh int . zammito's bedroom -- continuous Zammito stop as he begin to realize what joey be do on the other end of the line . he grimace , then shout louder . int . joey two ton bedroom -- continuous joey be really go to town now as he hand move slowly under the cover . we hear a loud scream on the phone . joey " two ton " that 's right baby , give it to papa joey . he be really deep into he fantasy world when ... joey " two ton " wife joey , who be that ? joey sit up quickly . joey " two ton " ( loudly ; for he wife 's sake ) -- and do not call here again , you pervert . he slam the phone down . a long beat . it ring again . this time he check he caller id and see that call be come from Zammito 's house . joey " two ton " yeah boss ? again we hear the same muffle cry . joey " two ton " boss ? int . body shop -- night raphael enter with hector and two gang - banger . the room be fill with low rider car . 41 . work under the hood of a car be felix , 30' , sleazy . raphael walk over and slam the hood down , pin Felix 's upper body and squishing he face between the hood and engine . RAPHAEL someone steal my car tonight ! felix c'mon raphael , you do not think that I would steal you car ? RAPHAEL you run a chop shop for low rider . yes , I think you would steal my car . raphael lift up the hood and slam it down on Felix again . felix I swear I do not . I would not ! RAPHAEL and I should just believe -- hector ( overlap ; to Felix ) -- you steal my cousin Enrique 's car . RAPHAEL ( to hector ) hector , do not interrupt I . hector he tell Enrique he do not know anything about he car . RAPHAEL I do not give a shit about you cousin 's car . we be here about my car . so , shut you mouth ! you think you can do that ? you think you can keep you big mouth shut ? hector be embarrassed as raphael once again berate he in front of the other . raphael pick up a pair of plier of the workbench . he clamp they down on the tip of Felix 's nose and squeeze . Felix 's face fill with pain . RAPHAEL if I find out you be lie . if I find out you know anything about this I be go to come back and cut off you nose . he give the plier one last squeeze , then release Felix . RAPHAEL ( to the other ) vamo . 42 . int . surveillance house -- night agent hadley sip a cup of warm coffee . he look very concerned . FBI agent Sir , do you think we could have a hostage situation in there ? agent hadley be about to answer when he see something . he Pov -- of a lincoln town car pull up . joey " two ton " get out , go to the front door and enter . agent hadley hold on a second . joey " two ton " just pull up . int . zammito's bedroom -- night joey enter to find Zammito tie to the chair , face down on the bed . joey " two ton " Jesus , boss ! int . zammito's live room -- night Zammito stand behind the bar pour himself a large scotch . zammito they be all french guy . joey " two ton " french guy ? you mean like from France ? zammito ( with strain patience ) yeah , french guy from France . joey " two ton " what would they take ? zammito everything . joey " two ton " everything ? zammito everything . joey " two ton " Boy , you must be piss . zammito well , you know , when five guy break into my house in the middle of the night , stick gun in my face , tie I up and steal from I ... it do irritate I . 43. joey " two ton " well , I must say you be handle it very well . zammito you know why I be handle it very well ? because you be go to get this guy for I . joey " two ton " okay boss . where be they ? zammito if I know where they be you would not have to find they , would you ? joey " two ton " you do not say find they . you say , " get they . " zammito just find they ! joey " two ton " okay boss . Zammito stare at joey for a long beat , then ... zammito papa joey ? joey look away , embarrassed . int . sophie' warehouse -- night sami can not sleep . he walk over to the table and sort through the canvas bag contain the content of Zammito 's safe . Inside a small cardboard box he find several cassette tape . he remove the box and walk to the stereo system on the floor , then insert a tape into the cassette deck . a moment later Sophie enter . sophie can not sleep ? sami no . sophie I be sorry thing go so wrong today . sami it 's not you fault . she notice the box of tape . sophie what be you do ? 44 . sami I think I would listen to some of the tape . see what 's so important that a mob guy have to lock it away in he safe . sophie sound boring . sami it 's three in the morning . not much else to do . she grin seductively , then lean in towards he . sophie I can think of something . they kiss . int . sophie' warehouse -- morning sami be asleep on the floor , curl up under several blanket . he wake up and look to he side expect to find Sophie . she be not there . sami look around for she . Wayne be sit on the couch prepare he morning joint . wayne she 's not here , man . sami where be she ? wayne I think she go to do some laundry . threw some stuff in a bag and leave . it take a moment for sami to connect the thought . sami bag ? sami run to the table . the black canvas bag be go . close on daniel : asleep . sami shake he . he open he eye . sami get up . we have be rip off ! int . sophie' warehouse -- moment later Daniel and sami be with the crew . they be not a happy bunch . Wayne be smoking he joint , he eye lock on the television . julien oh , man ... this be bullshit ! you can not trust anyone this day . 45 . raymond she take everything ! do not even leave we cab fare . a think occur to sami . sami not everything . he remove the tape he put in the cassette deck last night before Sophie enter . sami I be go to listen to it last night but I -- he realize it may not be the time to tell they what happen . sami -- feel asleep . Wayne blurt out a sloppy laugh . wayne no you do not , dude . you be bangin' Sophie . I see you guy go at it . daniel you sleep with she ? sami well , actually I would say she sleep with I . Daniel stare at he angrily . sami what 's the big deal ? it 's not like I be on guard duty or something . daniel you do not think it be little suspicious that someone you only know for a few hour want to sleep with you ? sami no. chick dig I . Daniel grab the cassette and put it in the player . on the tape we hear a phone ringing . man' voice hello ? zammito's voice it 's I . I need a answer from you if I be go to move . 46 . man' voice we be not just talkin ' about a ' piece of work ' here . we be talk about a boss . sami be the first to realize what he be hearing . sami Holy shit . raymond what ? sami hold he hand signal they to be quiet so he can hear the rest . zammito's voice bonanno 's a dinosaur . guy think he 's fuckin' vito corleone or something . the old way be go . if we do not change now we be go to get push out . I need to know if I can count on you support ? a pause on the line . man' voice yeah . the line go dead . sami lean back . sami no wonder Zammito do not want we to walk out with this stuff . he 's plan on kill bonanno and take over the family . julien this be not the deal ! the deal be to steal a necklace , not get in the middle of a mafia war . marcel the deal be whatever Mr. bastaldi say it be . daniel you know , if you could get you nose out of bastaldi 's ass for two second you might see what 's go on around you . julien I know this be a mistake ! I know it last night when you ask I to go along with this . I could hear that little voice in my head say , " do not do it ! do not you do it ! " Jesus , why do not I ever listen to myself ? 47 . sami yeah , but you do do it . so let 's deal with that . marcel what be you guy so scared of ? Zammito do not know who we be . we just get out of town and it 's over . zero oh , you think it 's that easy ? raymond yeah . we just go home . daniel we can not . raymond I agree with marcel . I say we go to the airport and get on a plane . sami they will be wait for we at the airport . daniel you steal some money from a man he get over it in time . but this tape . he 's never go to stop look for we . sami we have to find Sophie . raymond how be we go to do that ? wayne I know where she go . they all look over at he as he take a huge hit off he joint . wayne I hear she talk on the phone . Bay View Motel . it 's about five block from here . ext . STREET -- morning a beat up Ford Pinto sputter down the street , black smoke spew from the tail pipe . int . pinto -- moving -- morning raphael be at the wheel , he eye scan the street for he car . in the passenger seat hector sit calmly . they come to a red light and stop . RAPHAEL be Pov -- across the street be low rider car . 48 . raphael stare at it as he think about he own car . on hector . we see the impala pull up beside they . Raymond be drive . Daniel , sami and Zero be with he . hector glance over and see the impala . Raymond smile at he and nod . hector slowly nod back . he look over at raphael who be still look out the window . the light turn green . the impala turn right . raphael look over at a confuse hector . RAPHAEL tell I the truth hector ... do you think we will find my car ? hector hard to say . ext . BAY view motel -- morning a motel like any other . sami stand outside the office with Daniel , Raymond and Zero . raymond how do we know what room she 's in ? sami wait here . int . office -- BAY view motel -- morning sami enter . behind the counter be the motel clerk , middle - age , bald . sami hi. do a woman just check in ? she 's about five six . pretty . Dark hair . motel clerk I can not give out information on we guest . sami c'mon man , I think she 's have a affair . motel clerk so be half the people in this place . I can not help you , pal . sami nod and walk outside . through the window we see he talk with the other . a beat . sami step back inside with Zero . motel clerk look , I can not tell you -- before he can finish the sentence Zero have he gun out and wedge under the clerk jaw . 49 . motel clerk room fourteen . zero thank you . ext . motel room -- morning sami knock . the other stand off to the side of the door . Sophie open the door and see sami . before she can slam it he push it open . int . motel room -- morning sami push she onto the bed . sami I really think we have something special go . I can not tell you what a disappointment you have turn out to be . sophie after last night I could say the same for you . sami feign a smile . Zero check the bathroom to make sure she be alone . he look at Daniel and shake he head . Raymond find the black canvas bag on the dresser and check the content . raymond the money be not here . sami where be it , Sophie ? sophie I do not know . daniel if you think because you be a woman this can not go hard on you , think again . she stare at they defiantly . sami who be you wait for ? sophie stick around and find out . int . motel room -- later -- morning a knock on the door . sami clamp he hand over Sophie 's mouth just in case she get any stupid idea . Daniel open the door . agent hadley step in , stare at Daniel , then feel the barrel of Zero 's gun press against he head . 50 . hadley step into the room . Daniel close the door . Zero search he . find a gun which he give to Daniel , then a wallet . he open it and see he FBI identification . zero he 's FBI . Zero knowingly bend down and remove hadley 's backup gun which be strapped to he ankle . he give the gun to sami . raymond what be she do with a agent du FBI ? sami look at she -- at hadley -- at the black canvas bag . slowly it start to come together in he mind . sami we have be set up . he stare at Sophie angrily . sami we do not go to the wrong house . we go to right one , do not we Sophie ? her expression give away nothing . sami they send we to Zammito 's house . the FBI be right across the street watch the whole thing , but they do not move . a crime be go down and they do not move . why ? ( beat ) because they be wait for we to come out so they could arrest we . zero what do arrest we get they ? sami ( to hadley ) you wanna tell he ? agent hadley you be tell it fine . Daniel motion to Zero . daniel you see my friend over there ? I nod to he and he 's go to put a bullet in you knee . Zero stare at hadley , just wait for Daniel to give he the go ahead . agent hadley you would not . 51 . Daniel nod . Zero aim he gun at hadley 's knee cap . agent hadley that 's go to make a lot of noise . not much time for a conversation after you pull the trigger . they know he 's right . sami he 's get a point . sami lift up a heavy brass lamp from the nightstand . he pull the electrical cord out of the base , then touch two wire together . they spark . before hadley can say a word sami touch they to he hand . hadley 's body jerk violent as he scream . sami remove the wire . hadley wince in pain from the burn mark on he hand . agent hadley okay ! okay ! we have be investigate Zammito for year , but we have never have enough evidence for a warrant to search he house . we get word through a snitch that Zammito be plan on take bonanno out . daniel we know all this . agent hadley you just do not take out a boss . you need permission from the other family to do something like that . we informant tell we that Zammito be talk with other boss and recording they conversation in case they later claim they be not involved . look at this tape . the guy have record every conversation he 's have for year . daniel so we rob Zammito . you arrest we when we come out and the content of the safe be now evidence which you can use against he . agent hadley nod . sami ( to Sophie ) what be you get out of this ? there be no point in hide anything now . sophie money . it be suppose to simple . in and out . ( more ) 52 . sophie ( cont would ) Zammito be not suppose to be there . quick CUT to : int . italian restaurant -- last night ( flashback ) we see Zammito walk over to mario . zammito mario , I gotta go . when my date arrive will you explain to she I have a emergency . mario of course , Mr. Zammito . Zammito leave . through the window we see joey " two ton " open the door to the car . Zammito and joey get in and drive away . a beat . a taxi pull up . the front door open and Sophie enter , all dress up and beautiful . she walk up to mario . sophie hi. I be meeting frankie Zammito -- CUT back to : int . motel room -- continuous sami stare at she with contempt . sami why ? sophie Vincent bastaldi be in jail . daniel for what ? sophie laurant and Vincent be in business with Zammito . daniel what kind of business ? sophie Black market art . Zammito get to a few key security guard at the Metropolitan Museum . the bastaldi 's supply the artist to make copy of famous work . they would switch the painting , send the original to Paris and the bastaldi 's would sell they to private collector . 53. agent hadley we be talk Matisse , renoir , Monet . we know for sure they replace Van gogh 's " vase with twelve sunflower " last week with a copy . it be on loan from the London National Gallery and they be not go to be very happy when they find out about it . sami so bastaldi make a deal with the fed to trade up for he brother ? agent hadley yeah . he deliver the goods on Zammito . if we get what we want we would let he brother go provide he tell we where the Van gogh and the other painting be . raymond no one have mention the part of the plan about we get catch and go to prison . daniel we be leave . Raymond get the bag . agent hadley you walk out with that bag and you will not only have Zammito and he people after you . you will have the entire United States justice department . how far do you think you will get ? I know who you be Mr. foray ? Mr. Zerhouni . Mr. gayet. ( look at Zero ) Mr ... agent hadley look to Sophie . sophie Zero . that 's all I know . agent hadley you will never get out of the city . they move to the door . ext . BAY view motel -- morning Daniel , sami , Raymond and Zero walk to the impala . daniel bastaldi 's dead . he be fuckin ' dead ! zero you want Zero to kill he ? 54 . daniel I be go to kill he myself ! zero what about the money ? sami it have to be at Sophie 's . she do not have time to go anywhere else before she come here . zero we do not know that for sure . daniel forget the money ! we have get bigger problem than the money right now . raymond she probably hide it at she place . the six of we could find it in -- sami ( overlap ) -- we do not have time to look for it . hadley 's first move be go to be to look for we there . Daniel dial a number on he cell phone . daniel we be move . pack up and be on the street in five minute . int . motel room -- morning agent hadley step out of the bathroom , a towel wrap around the burn on he hand . agent hadley this be turn to shit . if word get out of my involvement in this I will go to prison . sophie listen , we know they name . they do not know the city . you will find they . you be the FBI . agent hadley I can not bring the Bureau into this . if I do the tape become evidence . sophie they be suppose to be evidence . that 's why bastaldi set this up . 55 . agent hadley fuck bastaldi and he brother . this tape be gold . do you have any idea what Zammito would pay to get they back ? sophie I think you want Zammito ? agent hadley what for ? the minute I get he some other gavone will take he place . I have be do this for twenty year . when I retire it 's not go to be to some trailer park in the suburb . she like the idea . already she 's think how she can work she way into this . agent hadley too many people know about my involvement in this . sophie then we just have to make sure everyone who know can not say anything . his jaw tighten . agent hadley you be right about that . hadley be stand behind she . he lift up the brass lamp with he towel and swing down hard towards Sophie 's head . ext . STREET , sophie' warehouse -- morning marcel , Julien and Wayne be wait as the impala drive up . Raymond hop out of the car . raymond I would like to thank you for you hospitality . ( hand he a card ) if you be ever in Paris here be my number . wayne cool . marcel grab Raymond and lead he back to the car . Daniel see lamar stand across the street . daniel ( to the other ) I will be right back . he get out of the car and walk over to he . 56 . lamar what do you want now ? daniel gun . can you get they ? lamar man , I can get anything . daniel do not bullshit I . lamar I be not bullshittin' . I can get gun . I can get any kind of gun you want . but they be not gonna help you sorry ass . you be not be in town one day and already you get two of the toughest people in Chicago look for you . how be that possible ? daniel I have get a way with people . lamar I can see that . the man 's car you steal . raphael Ruiz . he 's head of the 19th Street gang and one crazy motherfucker . and frankie Zammito 's get the word out he 's look for some french dude . you be french be not ya ? daniel I be from Belgium . lamar yeah , I would be from Belgium too if I be you . you know Zammito just put he own brother in the hospital ? break he arm cause he be late on a debt . I mention this to illustrate the kind of people who be lookin ' for you . daniel why have not you turn we in ? lamar I be not no rat . ( beat ) you get money , right ? Daniel nod . lamar and , uh , I be go to have to charge you a commission ... kind of like a brokerage fee . 57 . daniel how much ? lamar a thousand dollar ? daniel Fine . Daniel hand he he cell phone . daniel take this . I will call you in a few hour . you tell I where we meet . int . sophie' warehouse -- day Wayne be on the couch watch tv . there be a loud knock on the door . he open the door to find agent hadley . wayne yeah ? hadley push past Wayne and enter . wayne hey dude , what do you think you be do ? hadley flash he badge . wayne uh ... excuse I , but do not you need a warrant or something ? agent hadley not today . where be you friend ? wayne they leave about a half hour ago . agent hadley where do they go ? wayne I dunno . hadley punch Wayne in the face . Wayne fall to the floor . wayne hey man , you can not do that ! agent hadley what ? this ? agent hadley kick Wayne in the chest . agent hadley or this ? agent hadley kick Wayne in the rib . 58 . wayne Jesus . what kind of FBI agent be you ? agent hadley I be you worst fuckin ' nightmare . now , if you do not want I to keep on hurt you , it 's important that I believe you and right now I do not . so tell I , where do they go ? wayne I swear man , I do not know . they pack up and leave a half hour ago . ( point to coffee table ) all I get be one of they phone number in Paris . hadley see the phone number Raymond give Wayne on the coffee table . he put it in he pocket and stare at Wayne , then just for the hell of it give he one last kick in the rib . ext . BAY view motel -- day a maid stop she cart in front of room fourteen . she knock . maid maid service . no answer . she use she key and step into the room . a beat . we hear a loud scream . ext . holiday HOTEL -- evening a large building near the freeway . int . holiday HOTEL suite -- evening Raymond be on the phone . raymond ( in french ) I know mama , but I could not call you yesterday we be very busy . ( listen ) no , nothing 's more important than you . ( listen ) I do not know . I think I be go to have to stay a few more day . Daniel , sami and Julien sit at a table . marcel stare out the window sadly . Zero be flipping through the television channel . daniel ( to marcel ) do you know about bastaldi 's deal with Zammito ? 59 . marcel no . daniel you be sure ? marcel I think if he tell I he be go to steal Van gogh 's " sunflower in a vase " I would remember it . sami ( correct he ) " vase with twelve sunflower . " marcel whatever ! he never tell I about the Van gogh or any of the other painting . Raymond hang up the phone and join the other . sami it make sense . I mean , do you really think he would come along if he know we be be set up ? daniel I think he would cut he dick off if bastaldi tell he to . marcel fuck you ! you know I would never go along with something like this . daniel do I ? marcel this be not about that and you know it . this be about you never forgive I for leave the crew . sami ( surprised ) you guy use to work together ? marcel yeah and he can not stand it that I try to do something to better myself . daniel ( in french ) you call be bastaldi 's lap dog better ? marcel ( in french ) better than spend my life crawl through window in the middle of the night . 60 . sami all right , knock it off . daniel ( in french ) all you be be a professional ass -kisser . marcel ( in french ) I be not a guy who be know for he patience and right now you be testing mine . daniel ( in french ) what be that a threat ? be you fuckin ' threaten I , marcel ? they take a step towards each other . sami step in between they . sami I say knock it off ! now as far as I be concerned you two girl can bitch slap yourselves silly when this be over , but right now we have get to figure out what 's go on . raymond it 's simple . bastaldi 's move up . he 's close down he operation and this be he way of say thanks to all of we . julien well , I say the whole deal be off . in fact , if you ask I , there never be a deal because we be screw from the start . Zero turn to another channel . a news broadcast . we see a mug shot photo of sami on the screen . zero hey sami , you be on tv . Zero turn up the volume . reporter ... sami Zerhouni in connection with the murder of Sophie Nichols . sami be stunne . sami what ? reporter Police have confirm that Zerhouni be see enter the woman 's room by the Motel manager . 61 . close on television the reporter continue she story . reporter Zerhouni be also want by police for question regard a robbery last night at the home of alleged mafia member frankie Zammito . pull back . we be now in ... int . zammito's bedroom -- continuous Zammito grimace as the news of the robbery become public . zammito oh , shit ! close on television the reporter continue . reporter the other member of he gang be report to be french national Daniel foray , marcel burot , Julien labesse ... pull back again ... int . lamar' apartment -- continuous lamar be sit on the couch watch the news report with amusement . lamar Dumb cracker -- close on television the reporter finish she story . reporter ... Raymond gayet and a unidentified man only know as Zero . pull back again ... int . agent hadley' apartment -- evening hadley grin as he watch the report . agent hadley that should shake thing up . 62 . close on television reporter up next . a vacation get away on a budget -- we be back in .... int . holiday HOTEL suite -- evening sami turn off the television and look to the other . sami hadley -- daniel have to be . julien ( freaking out ) this be bad . this be really fuckin ' bad . be I the only one who see how bad this be ? sami hey , it 's not you picture on the tv , it 's mine . so , try to be cool . julien do not tell I to be cool ! we be suppose to be in and out . in and out ! in the last twenty four hour we have manage to get the mafia ... the FBI ... the Chicago Police Department and a group of Latin gang member after we . I have not leave out anyone , have I ? ( pretend to think about it ) I do not think so , because we have already piss off everyone in the fuckin ' city ! sami we have get to get out of here . julien that 's brilliant ! Care to elaborate ? sami get into Julien 's face . sami you be not help . raymond Julien , what you be do right now be a very normal psychological reaction to stress . you be project you anger onto we . julien oh , Jesus . we be dead . 63. Julien walk away . Daniel pick up the phone and dial a number . int . lamar' apartment -- same time the cell phone Daniel give he ring . he answer it . lamar yeah ? daniel ( v.o. ) it 's I . lamar hey you guy be become famous . I be just watch the news and -- daniel ( v.o. ) ( overlap ) -- do you set it up ? lamar yeah . all set . tomorrow morning . ten o'clock . room 211 . Barclay Hotel on River Street . oh , and due to you recent notoriety and the heat that come with it , I be go to have to increase my brokerage fee to twenty five hundred . daniel ( v.o. ) we have a deal . lamar we have a deal before you and you friend become the new poster boy for crime . daniel ( v.o. ) Fine . ten o'clock . the line go dead . lamar grin , happy with the money he 's go to make . int . holiday HOTEL suite -- evening the other be look at Daniel . daniel sami , tomorrow you lift a wallet from someone who look like one of we . julien what for ? daniel we need to rent a car and for that you need a credit card . raymond why not just steal another one ? 64 . daniel too risky . we do not need to get pull over because of a steal car . julien maybe I be miss the obvious , but why be not we leave town ? any place have to be safer for we than Chicago . sami it do not matter where we go . between Zammito and the FBI they will find we . we have to end this here . zero and how do we do that ? sami I do not know . julien that 's a excellent plan . very comforting . daniel we will think of something . ext . bonanno house -- morning a lincoln town car drive up . Zammito get out with joey " two ton " and nicky " the rake . they wait outside . Zammito enter . int . bonanno' house , study -- morning bonanno be behind he desk . half tooth tony sit on the couch . Zammito enter . bonanno walk around he desk and hug Zammito . bonanno why do not you tell I about this ? zammito you have enough to worry about , angelo . you do not need my problem . bonanno place he hand on Zammito 's cheek and press they together . bonanno we be family . a insult to you be a insult to I . bonanno release he . bonanno they know who you be when they break in you house ? zammito yes . 65 . bonanno what be happen with the world ? there be a time no civilian would touch a make man . now every babbo in the world think he can get away with something . what do they take ? zammito some cash . jewelry . the other stuff I can replace , but there 's a cardboard box ... photo of my mother . they be the only one I have of she . bonanno we be do everything we can to find this people . right tony ? half tooth tony we have reach out to everyone we know . bonanno if they be still stupid enough to be in this city , tony will find they . ext . bonanno house -- morning Zammito step out onto the street . joey " two ton " and nicky " the rake " be pitching penny against the wall . they start argue about something . joey " two ton " frankie , come here a second . Zammito walk over . nicky " the rake " who be closer to the wall , joey or I ? zammito ( impatiently ) get in the car . nicky " the rake " just tell I who 's closer to the wall ? Zammito grab he by the neck and smashes he face into the wall . zammito you be ! now get in the fuckin ' car ! both man walk to the car . Zammito start after they , then stop . he turn back , pick up the coin and put they in he pocket . int . holiday HOTEL -- lobby -- morning sami move through a crowd of people . he look around until he see a man who look remarkably similar to Raymond . sami bump into he and lift he wallet . 66 . int . stereo store -- morning marcel wait as a salesperson bring over several box of electronic equipment . ext . luggage shop -- morning sami pass the shop . he stop . in the window be black canvas bag that be identical to the one that they use on the job . he go into the store . ext . barclay HOTEL -- morning a old building that have see better day . Daniel and Zero get out of a taxi and go inside . int . hallway -- barclay HOTEL -- morning look even worse on the inside . a dark corridor be light by bare light bulb hang from the ceiling . a old prostitute walk past they , she smile signal she be open for business . they arrive at room 211 and knock . the door be open by a very large black man . behind he we can see lamar with ellwood , 20' , sun glass , he neck drape in gold chain . black guy ( very loud ) I be gonna have to search you . daniel we will save you the trouble . Daniel pull back he jacket to reveal the gun he take from hadley in he waistband . black guy ( loudly ) you can not come in here with that . Daniel look past he to ellwood . daniel what 's wrong with this guy ? ellwood he 's my cousin . he 's deaf . Daniel remove a envelope full of cash . daniel we be here to buy , not steal . if you guy be straight there 's not go to be a problem . ellwood stomp he foot several time on the floor . the black guy feel the vibration and turn around . ellwood let they in . 67 . the black guy step aside . Daniel and Zero enter . int . barclay HOTEL room -- morning ellwood be sit on the bed behind several open suitcase display a variety of weapon . ellwood what can I do you for ? Daniel look over the merchandise . daniel how much for the nine ? ellwood a grand a piece . daniel I will need extra clip and ammo . Daniel start count out the money . ellwood point a .357 magnum he 's be hold behind the open suitcase at they . lamar what the hell you do , ellwood ? I give they my word . ellwood Zammito 's offer twenty grand a head for this guy . you think I be go to settle for four G 's when I can make forty ? ( to Daniel ) all right . reach in easy and put the gun on the floor . Daniel slowly grab he gun and place it on the floor , then kick it under the bed . ellwood I say put it on the floor , not kick it under the bed . ellwood speak to he cousin , speak slowly and enunciate each word so he can read he lip . ellwood get that and add it to my inventory . the black guy get on he hand and knee and start look for the gun under the bed . as he do Daniel glance over at Zero with a look . ellwood aim he gun at Zero . ellwood I assume you be carry too ? Zero open he coat and reveal he .9mm . 68 . ellwood okay , put it on the floor ... and do not kick it under the fuckin ' bed . zero ( flatly ) no. he stare at ellwood calmly through dead , flat eye . ellwood no ? do you just say no ? listen cowboy , if you be think about makin ' a move , do not . nobody be that fast . zero Zero be . ellwood who 's Zero ? lamar he be . ellwood be confuse . Daniel bolt to he leave . ellwood 's eye leave lamar for a moment -- it 's a moment too long . in a blur of movement Zero have he gun out and fire one shot into ellwood 's forehead . ellwood slump down on the bed , dead . the black guy who have hear nothing continue search under the bed . Zero casually pick up the suitcase fill with gun and hand it to Daniel . they walk out of the room . lamar stand there , stunne , then quickly run after they . a beat . the black guy pop up with Daniel 's gun oblivious to what have transpire in the room . black guy found it ! ext . barclay HOTEL -- morning Daniel push lamar out the door . Zero step out behind he . he stare at lamar for a long moment , then hand he the envelope . daniel there 's ten grand in here . it 's yours . I be go to call you again . there 's one more thing I need you to do . lamar what ? daniel I will tell you when it 's time . in the background we hear the loud , agonizing scream from the black guy as he find ellwood 's body . 69 . int . car rental agency -- day Raymond and Julien approach the counter . Raymond be nervous . raymond ( in french ) I be not comfortable with this . I be not a good liar . julien ( in french ) relax . it will be fine . they arrive at the counter . the rental agent , a man in he 30' look up at they with a smile . car rental agent hello . raymond hello . I be Robert M. carney from dayton , Ohio and I would like to rent a car with my visa gold card . Raymond smile , a big , friendly , completely over exaggerated smile . Julien look at he and roll he eye . the rental agent walk down to the end of the counter and dial a number on the phone . car rental agent ( into phone ) I get a couple french guy here try to rent a car . ( listen ) sure . I can stall they . int . hospital room -- day vinny be in bed , he arm in a cast and sling . his wife angie , 30' , big hair , loud clothes . she sit on the bed feed he . his two kid , richie , 8 , and tommy 10 , sit off to the side . Zammito enter . zammito Angie , how you doin ' ? she kiss he . vinny stare blankly at he brother . Zammito take a step back , look she up and down . he lay on the charm . zammito hey , you be look good . there 's something different about you . you get a boob job or something ? angie I have gain weight . zammito yeah , well , it suit you . 70 . Zammito move over to the kid and offer a quick hello . zammito hey Tommy . richie I be richie . he 's Tommy . zammito whatever . Zammito pull out a roll of bill that could choke a horse and peel one off . zammito Angie , take the kid down to the gift shop and buy them something . I need a word with vinny . Angie look at the money . angie ( flatly ) gee , five buck . what ever shall we buy ? she take the kid and leave . zammito she seem pleasant enough . vinny she do not know . she think I fall down the stair . zammito that 's good . that 's what a stand - up guy do . Zammito sit on the edge of the bed . zammito so , I just come by to see how you be doin ' ? vinny you break my arm . how the hell do you think I be doin ' ? zammito yeah . I mean besides that . they treat you all right ? food okay ? vinny yeah . I be go home today . what do you want , frankie ? zammito I do not want anything . ( more ) 71 . zammito ( cont would ) I just want to say ... that I may have ... overreact a little the other day . vinny a little ? zammito yeah . I mean , you be my brother and ... well I should have find another way of express my disappointment . so , I have decide to make it up to you . vinny you gonna forget about the money I owe you ? zammito what be you nut ? a debt be a debt . I be think I would throw a little extra work you way . you know , you come down to the club , make espresso for the boy ... wash they car ... run some errand ... thing like that . Zammito 's cell phone ring . zammito ( into phone ) yeah ? ( he face harden ) I be on my way . Zammito hang up . zammito I get something I gotta do . I be glad we have this talk . heal . get better . let I know when you be ready to start . Zammito leave . vinny can only shake he head in bewilderment . ext . tattoo shop -- day several low -rider car be park on the street . raphael and hector be with several gang member . gang member I be not see it you car . sorry man . hey , you know who you should talk to be freddy o. RAPHAEL I think he be in prison . gang member get out last month . he 's try to go straight but he 's still wire in . ( more ) 72 . gang member ( cont would ) he 's work at some restaurant . I will find out where and call you . int . holiday HOTEL suite -- day sami be recording something on a tape deck marcel bough . he see marcel outside on the balcony and remove a piece of paper from he pocket , then pick up the phone and dial . agent hadley ( v.o. ) agent hadley . sami do you know who this be ? agent hadley ( v.o. ) yeah . I figure I would be hearing from you . sami if you ever want to get that tape , meet I in one hour at grant Park near the statue . int . car rental agency -- day the rental agent walk back over to Raymond and Julien . car rental agent I be sorry about the wait . there be a problem with the equipment . julien everything okay now ? the rental agent 's eye drift to a black lincoln town car park across the street . car rental agent everything 's fine . ext . STREET , across from car rental agency -- day a lincoln pull up . Zammito get out and walk over to three wiseguy in another town car . one of the wiseguy point to the window of the rental agency . Zammito look at Raymond and Julien . zammito I do not know the little one , but the other guy be definitely one of they . follow they and call I when you find out where they go . Zammito walk back to he car and drive off . 73. ext . car rental lot -- day a employee drive up in a cadillac do ville . he get out and Julien grab the key from he . julien ( in french ) I will drive . raymond ( in french ) I be the driver . julien ( in french ) I have never drive a cadillac before . Raymond nod and get in the passenger seat . ext . STREET -- day the cadillac move down the street . the lincoln follow a few car behind they . int . cadillac -- moving -- day Julien drive the car . julien ( in french ) this be a car . I think this be the best american car I have ever drive . raymond ( in french ) this be the only american car you have ever drive . ext . grant park -- day agent hadley walk towards the statue wear a pair of sun glass . as he approach , sami step out . sami you set I up , you piece of shit ! hadley push he up against the statue and start frisk he . sami what be you do ? agent hadley you think I be go to talk to you until I know if you be wire . sami wire ? I be not wire . 74 . sami lift up he shirt show hadley he bare chest . he drop he pants down to he ankle . agent hadley okay . okay . I believe you . sami you kill she ! agent hadley no . you kill she . manager remember you go into she room . you fingerprint be find all over the place . sami bullshit ! she be alive when we leave she with you . agent hadley you be fuck , sami . you know it . that 's why you be here . sami look , I just want out of this nightmare . I do not know this guy . a few day ago I be in Paris pick pocket and now I be America 's most want . agent hadley where be the tape ? sami I can get they -- but what do I get if I do ? agent hadley a pass . sami a pass ? how you gonna give I a pass ? a witness can put I at the crime scene . agent hadley Witness ' can be convinced they make a mistake . without the murder weapon the d.a. will not have enough to prosecute you . sami they do not have a murder weapon ? agent hadley no . I have it . the lamp ? the one with you fingerprint and she blood on it ? ( hold up he burn hand ) remember ? 75 . sami be stunne , then he thought snap back to ... CUT to : int . BAY view motel room -- morning ( flashback ) sami pick up the brass lamp off the nightstand and leave he fingerprint all over it . CUT back to : ext . grant park -- day sami stare angrily at hadley who appear to be enjoy he frustration . agent hadley of course they could always get a anonymous tip . find it in the dumpster behind the motel . sami stare at he a long moment . sami you want the tape for yourself . you be go to sell they . agent hadley I be go to retire with a shit - load of money . find I a small country that do not have a extradition treaty with the States and live the good life . sami you do not have to kill Sophie . agent hadley yes I do . lose end be messy . sami what about I ? be not I a loose end ? agent hadley when this be over you can say whatever the hell you want . I will be long go . besides , who 's go to believe you ? you be just a two - bit crook . sami and you be a dirty cop . at least I do not pretend to be something different than what I be . hadley hand he a card . 76 . agent hadley when you have get the tape call I on this number . we will make the exchange and that will be the end of it . hadley leave . ext . grand avenue -- day Julien drive the cadillac along the North River . the lincoln keep pace with they several car behind . int . cadillac -- moving -- day Raymond click through a few Radio station . Julien glance in he rear view mirror . he Pov - in the mirror : of the lincoln several car back . Julien seem concerned . he turn the steering wheel hard to the right . ext . grand avenue -- day the cadillac cut across the right lane almost hit a car and turn onto another street . the lincoln make a sharp move to stay up with it . int . cadillac -- day Raymond look over at Julien . julien ( in french ) we be be follow . Julien hit the gas . ext . well STREET -- day the cadillac speed down the street , weaving in and out of traffic . the lincoln do the same . the cadillac reach a intersection . the traffic ahead of they be stop for a red light . the cadillac veer onto the sidewalk . pedestrian jump out of the way and the car streak down the pavement . behind the lincoln follow . ext . ohio STREET -- day the cadillac screech around the corner , onto a one way STREET . int . cadillac -- moving -- day Julien concentrate as he weave the car in and out of the on come traffic . 77 . raymond ( in french ) I know I should have drive . julien ( in french ) stop talk . I be try to concentrate . ext . STREET -- day the oncoming traffic veer off . Cars collide . the lincoln clip a car , lose control for a moment , then continue after they . at the corner the cadillac turn onto another street and join traffic in the right direction . ext . franklin STREET -- day the lincoln move up along side the cadillac . two wiseguy lean out the window with gun in they hand . the cadillac veer away just as they start shoot . bullet riddle the car . int . cadillac -- moving -- day Raymond remove hadley 's backup gun . the lincoln pull up beside they again . the sound of gun FIRE fill the air as Raymond shoot from the cadillac . the rear passenger window of the lincoln shatter and Raymond fire . the lincoln drop back . ext . hubbard STREET -- day the cadillac turn the corner . the lincoln follow . the traffic be heavier here . the car have to slow down . the lincoln move beside they again . Raymond fire he last shot . his gun he now empty . several round of gun fire come from the lincoln . int . cadillac -- moving -- day Raymond look over to Julien . raymond ( in french ) what be we go to -- his voice trail off as he see Julien . a bullet have glance he neck , not deep , but deep enough to sever a artery . blood pour down he neck and cover he shirt . his face be pale . he glance at the wound in the rear view mirror . ext . STREET -- day Julien steer the caddy onto another street . the towncar follow . int . cadillac -- moving -- day Julien look at Raymond . he be paler now , he shirt completely cover with blood . he strain to stay conscious . 78 . julien ( in french ) when we get to the next corner jump out . raymond ( in french ) I be not go to leave you . julien ( in french ) we both know I be already dead . Raymond know he 's right . the car race into the next turn . julien ( in french ) go! Raymond open the door . he jump out . int . lincoln - driver' Pov -- day of Raymond as he roll towards the curb . the caddy skid around the corner . ext . STREET -- day the lincoln slam on it 's brake in the middle of a intersection . Raymond be daze from he fall . he get up slowly , he pants tear and see .. p.o.v. raymond of the towncar -- day the driver be reach out the window with he gun to take aim and be just about to shoot when ... ext . STREET -- day Julien come racing into the intersection full speed and smashes into the lincoln . the impact send the lincoln spin around . when it stop the driver 's window be face the front of the caddy . the driver of the caddy take aim and fire . the bullet go through the windshield and kill Julien . the driver look over at the passenger just in time to see ... p.o.v . a large truck -- day speed through the intersection and smashes head on into the lincoln . it crumble like a toy under the weight . 79 . ext . STREET -- day Raymond limp into the street oblivious to the oncoming traffic . he stare sadly at Julien . int . holiday HOTEL suite -- afternoon Zero and marcel be check over the gun . Daniel write some note on a pad of paper . sami appear nervous as he sit off to the side . the door open . Raymond limp into the room . his face be dirty , bruise , he pants tear , leg scrape . he stand there , stare at they through empty eye . Daniel look at the door expectantly . he know the answer before he ask the question . daniel Julien ? Raymond 's face fill with sadness . he shake he . int . holiday HOTEL suite -- later -- dusk there be a cold silence in the room . Daniel stare at the slide glass door , stare out over the city . sami it 's not you fault , Daniel . daniel no ? he look at they sadly . daniel we have a chance to walk out of Zammito 's house . marcel we all agree to it . you have no way of know bastaldi be set we up . daniel I just want to live long enough to get back to Paris . just long enough to kill bastaldi . sami I say we make he pay first . after that you can do whatever you want to he . raymond he 's right . do you have any idea what Van gogh 's " vase with twelve sunflower " be worth ? 80 . marcel no. how much ? raymond I do not know . it 's gotta be million . daniel we still have to get out of here . marcel maybe if we give the tape back -- zero ( strongly ) no. everyone look to Zero . zero they kill we friend . it 's personal now . besides , if we do that , then Julien die for nothing . the tape be the key . sami he 's right . the tape give we leverage with bastaldi . int . agent hadley' apartment -- evening agent hadley sit on he couch , deep in think . he glance at the paper with Raymond 's phone number on the coffee table . a beat . he get a idea . he pick up he phone and dial . agent hadley hello ? Mrs. gayet ? do you speak English ? ( listen ) you do . great. ( listen ) oh , you teach Raymond English . you do a wonderful job . I be sorry to call so late but I be suppose to meet Raymond -- ( listen ) no , I do not know he be a difficult child . Mrs. gayet , I be call because -- ( listen ) no , I do not have any child of my own . I be suppose to meet Raymond tonight at he hotel and I forget what Hotel he be at . I wonder if you -- ( listen ) the holiday hotel. room 912 . thank you very much . ext . hubbard STREET -- evening tow truck and clean crew work around wreckage of the car . only a few police car be there . 81 . a uniformed cop look over and see joey " two ton " on the sidewalk . joey motion with he head to a alley . ext . alley -- evening the uniform cop enter the alley and join joey . joey " two ton " what would you guy find ? uniformed cop Dead body . the one in the lincoln be you ... associate . joey " two ton " and the other car ? uniformed cop some french guy . at least that 's what he passport say . you know joey , I should not be talk to you about this . joey " two ton " be you forget who supplement you income ? uniformed cop no . it 's just that the french guy have a gunshot wound on he neck . so , this be a homicide . be you guy involved in this ? joey " two ton " yeah . I will come down and make a full confession later . right now , tell I what else you find ? uniformed cop a wallet . a hotel room card . some cash . this spark joey 's interest . joey " two ton " what hotel ? uniformed cop the holiday Hotel . joey " two ton " what room number ? uniformed cop I do not know . I do not look . joey " two ton " go look . 82. int . holiday HOTEL suite -- evening the crew sit around a table try to figure out how they can get out of town . daniel okay . airport , train station , bus station be out . we know they be connect to the car rental agency because that 's where they pick up Raymond . sami even if we get out of town and go to another airport I be sure the FBI and Chicago p.d. have alert custom . marcel how about Canada ? raymond what be we go to do , take a taxi ? sami open a pack of cigarettes to find it 's empty . sami I be go to get some cigarettes . int . restaurant -- evening because of the early hour the room be empty . raphael and hector be with freddy o , 30' , hard - look . he be wear a bus boy uniform as he set the table . freddy o I can not believe someone would have the ball to rip off you ride . RAPHAEL when I find they they will not have they for much longer . freddy o I will ask around . if they try to move it I can find out . RAPHAEL thanks . raphael and hector exit . we move with they through the door into ... int . holiday HOTEL lobby -- evening raphael and hector head for the front door . the elevator door open and sami exit . they walk past each other as sami head across the lobby and into the gift shop . as raphael and hector walk out the front door agent hadley step in walk past they . he go over to a woman clerk at the front desk . 83. agent hadley I would like to see the manager please . she walk over to the HOTEL manager and point to agent hadley . the manager walk over . HOTEL manager May I help you ? agent hadley show he he badge . agent hadley I be look for several french man who check in within the last twenty four hour . HOTEL manager they check in last night . agent hadley I need you to take I to they room . agent hadley follow the manager as they walk towards the elevator and pass ... sami who pretend to read a magazine , cover he face so hadley will not see he . sami walk quickly across the lobby and pass ... joey " two ton " , nicky " the rake " and three other wiseguy enter the hotel . agent hadley get in a elevator with the Hotel manager . the door close as the wiseguy approach . the moment the door close sami bolt into the lobby and over to the house phone . all of they be be use except one . a man be just about to lift the receiver when sami push he aside . man Excuse I . I be here first . sami ignore he as he wait for the hotel operator to answer . the phone just ring and ring . behind he another elevator have arrive and the wiseguy enter . sami 's frustration be grow as the phone continue to ring . the man who sami push away be still there . man hey buddy , you just can not push in here . sami go away . man I most certainly will not go -- sami quickly smack he on the head with the receiver . the man slink away . operator' voice Operator . 84 . sami ( into phone ) room 912 . int . holiday HOTEL suite -- evening the phone ring . daniel ( to Raymond ) get that , will you ? raymond why do I always have to answer the phone ? daniel because you be the close . raymond I be not any closer than you be . int . elevator -- evening the wiseguy watch the floor indicator . int . holiday HOTEL suite -- evening the phone continue ringing . daniel why be everything a argument with you ? raymond I be just set my boundary . Daniel look at Raymond and sigh , then get up and lift he receiver . daniel hello ? sami ( v.o. ) get out of the room ! you have get company come up . I will meet you at the chevy . Daniel slam down the phone . the other can see the urgency on he face . daniel Raymond , grab the tape . we be leave ! raymond why do I have to pick up the tape . daniel Jesus ! Daniel grab the canvas bag . 85 . int . holiday HOTEL -- hallway -- evening the manager be about to open the door with he key . agent hadley take it and remove a gun . agent hadley you should go now . the manager run away . agent hadley insert the key and open the door . his face fill with fear as he see ... agent hadley' Pov -- Daniel , marcel , Raymond and Zero be on the other side , they gun point at hadley 's head . int . holiday HOTEL suite - bathroom -- evening Daniel use hadley 's handcuffs and handcuffs he to a pipe under the sink . int . holiday HOTEL -- hallway -- evening Daniel , Raymond , marcel and Zero step into the hall . the moment they do the elevator door at the end of the hall open . the wiseguy step out and see they . the door to the room next to theirs open and a little girl , 8 , dress in a pink dress step out . little girl ( call into she room ) c'mon , mommy . everything seem to move in slow motion . -- the wiseguy go for they gun . -- the crew go for theirs . -- the little girl be catch between both group . -- marcel lunge forward , tackle the girl to ground . -- the wiseguy begin to shoot . -- the hallway fill with gunfire . -- marcel pull the little girl into she room . -- plaster explode off the wall as bullet rip through they . -- the Crew rush back into they suite . int . little girl be room -- evening marcel hand the frighten girl to she mother , then move over to the door that join with the crew . he shoot the lock and move through the door . int . holiday HOTEL suite -- evening as marcel step through he see the crew all aim they gun at he . Daniel get a idea . as Zero hold off the wiseguy from the doorway , Daniel go to the adjoin door on the other side of the suite . he shoot off the lock . 86 . daniel let 's go ! the Crew move through the door . int . adjoining motel room -- evening empty . the crew run across to the door . because the room be build at the intersection of two hallway the crew step out into a corridor out of the wiseguy line of sight . int . holiday HOTEL -- back hallway -- evening the Crew exit and head for the staircase . int . holiday HOTEL -- front hallway -- continuous silence . the wiseguy move down the hall and stop outside the door of the Crew 's suite . a beat . they rush in . int . holiday HOTEL suite -- continuous empty . nicky " the rake " see the open adjoin door and motion for they to follow he . int . holiday HOTEL -- back hallway -- evening the wiseguy step out just as the Crew be go through the door to the stairwell . the wiseguy run after they . joey " two ton " lag behind . int . stairwell -- evening the Crew run down the stair . above they the wiseguy follow . joey " two ton " be breathe heavily as he run down the stair . int . under ground parking lot -- evening the door fly open as the Crew run across the lot . sami have already start the impala and be wait for they . a moment later the stairwell door open and the wiseguy run out , gun blaze . the Crew head for the impala , shoot behind they as they run . nicky " the rake " " shoot . Zero be hit in the leg . he fall to the ground , then roll on he side behind a park car . he fight through the pain , prop himself up and begin to shoot back . two wiseguy step out to flank Zero . Zero take aim and shoot one . he line up on the other wiseguy and pull the trigger again . click ! his gun he empty . 87 . Daniel and marcel run towards Zero , fire they gun as fast as they can pull the trigger . marcel take aim and fire . the wiseguy 's dive for cover as marcel blaze away until he gun be empty . we hear tire screeching as the impala back up . the wiseguy shoot , blow out the back window . they move in on marcel and Zero . Daniel run forward with two gun fire at the wiseguy . as he near marcel he throw the extra gun to he . slow motion :on the gun as it fly through the air . slow motion : one of the wiseguy have almost circle around the car . slow motion : on the gun have it fly through the air . real time -- on marcel : he look to he leave just as the gun arrive . it hit he on the forehead and knock he down . Daniel fire a few shot drive the wiseguy back . he run over and with marcel 's help they grab Zero and help he to the car . they dive into the back seat . the car screech forward and race out of the garage . silence . the staircase door open and a exhaust joey " two ton " step out , gasp for air . int . impala -- moving -- evening Daniel attend to the wound on Zero 's leg . daniel the bullet go clean through . Daniel stare at he . a beat . Zero grin , say thank you . int . coffee shop -- evening a distraught raphael sit across from hector in a booth near the window . hector have almost finish eat . raphael have not touch he food . he push he plate away . RAPHAEL I can not eat . raphael lower he head sadly . hector look out the window . he Pov -- of the impala drive by -- rear window miss , bumper about to fall off . hector watch it go by , then turn back . raphael look up . hector so , can I have you fries ? 88. ext . cozy court cottage -- evening a group of small bungalow build adjacent to the interstate . int . cottage -- evening small . fill with cheap furniture . a small kitchenette be off to the side of the room . Zero lay on the bed . Daniel use he belt as tourniquet to slow the bleed . Raymond sit at the table stare at the black canvas bag contain the cash and tape . marcel be in the kitchenette . daniel ( to Zero ) when we get back to Paris I will take you dance . Zero smile . sami enter carry a shopping bag . he place it on the counter . daniel bring I the scissors . zero and the vodka . sami remove the item from the bag . he open the bottle and hand it to Zero who quickly gulp down a few mouthful . daniel cut he pants up the leg to the groin . zero and be careful when you get near the top . Zero have a very long one . he wink at sami . sami what 's he joke around for ? he 's be shot . daniel he 's be shot a lot . he 's use to it . Raymond cut the pant leg away . Daniel walk over to marcel who be stand over the gas range . over the flame be a tire wrench , the metal tip glow red hot . sami open the bag and remove some white bread . sami anybody hungry ? daniel what would you get ? sami some bread and ... 89 . he remove a can of cheese whiz and spray the cheese onto the bread . sami cheese . all the french guy look at he as though he be from another planet . daniel cheese ? in a can ? sami stuff he mouth with a big bite . sami it 's good . marcel God , I want to go home . sami hey , you know you can not this in France . daniel thank God . Daniel use a towel to pick up the tire wrench and walk over to the bed . sami and Raymond grimace as they think about what 's about to happen . daniel ( to Zero ) ready ? Zero nod . Daniel take the bottle of vodka and pour some over the wound . Zero flinch . Daniel look at marcel , then release the belt . blood flow from the wound . marcel press the hot poker against the wound . Zero grunt , but do not scream . his face contort violently from the pain . int . south side social club -- evening Zammito sit at a table in the back eat a assortment of pasta . dean martin " innamaraia " play on the stereo . eddie , 60' , arthritic , finish make a espresso . he start carry it over to Zammito , move incredibly slow , shuffle one foot in front of the other . Zammito watch he with strain patience . joey " two ton " and nicky " the rake " enter . they face tell the story . zammito what happen ? nicky " the rake " they sort of get away . zammito I see . well , get back out on the street and find they before I " sort of " kill you . 90 . joey " two ton " but we be not have nothing to eat all day boss . zammito oh , I be sorry . Zammito scoops up a handful of pasta out of he plate and throw it at he . zammito have enough ? joey " two ton " look down sheepishly , several piece of pasta be stick to he face . Zammito walk over to he . zammito try to get this through that fat , stupid fuckin ' head of yours . if half tooth tony find this guy before we do and bonanno know what be in my safe we be all dead . they turn around and leave . Zammito stare after they angrily . zammito cafone ! he look over at Eddie who be only half way to the table . zammito you gonna bring that over here today , or what ? int . cottage -- morning Zero be pass out , a half empty vodka bottle on the nightstand . the other have be up all night . Raymond be across the table from sami . raymond the new beaujolais ' come out in France next week . you like wine ? sami I be more of a whiskey drinker myself . raymond j&amp ; B ? sami glenmorangie . raymond glenmorangie be very good . sami realize that Raymond want to talk about something ... anything ... that will get he mind of the event that have lead they here . 91 . sami but I will have a glass of beaujolais with you when we get back . Raymond force a weak smile . Daniel who have be watch they grab a few thing off the table . daniel I will be back in a hour . Daniel look at sami and motion for he to come outside . ext . cottage -- morning sami step outside . Daniel be stare at he . sami what ? daniel can I trust you , sami ? sami hey , who warn you that they be come up to the room ? daniel if they have take we by surprise they would have get the tape back . that would have leave we with nothing . sami no , that would have leave I with nothing because all of you would be dead . daniel you have not answer my question . sami do it really matter what I say ? daniel I be leave you with my friend . I be trust you to do the right thing today . sami I will . daniel you better . ext . bonanno' house -- morning Daniel walk up to the front door and ring the bell . half tooth tony open the door and look he up and down . half tooth tony yeah ? 92 . daniel I would like to see Mr. bonanno please . half tooth tony who the hell be you ? daniel tell he I be the guy who rob frankie Zammito . int . bonanno' foyer -- morning half tooth tony search Daniel . he find a small cassette player , glance at it and stick it back in Daniel 's pocket . half tooth tony ( point to a door ) in there . int . bonanno' live room -- morning Daniel enter . half tooth tony stand behind he , he eye lock on Daniel 's every move . bonanno be sit in a armchair . bonanno either you be incredibly brave , or incredibly stupid . which one be it ? daniel I guess we be go to find out . bonanno you rob a associate of mine ... a friend and -- daniel ( overlap ) not such a good friend . May I reach in my pocket ? bonanno look to half tooth tony . half tooth tony he 's clean . bonanno nod . Daniel remove the cassette player and turn it on . zammito's voice of course . I need a answer from you if I be go to move . man' voice we be not just talkin ' about a ' piece of work ' here frankie . we be talk about a boss . zammito's voice bonanno 's a dinosaur . ( more ) 93. zammito's voice ( cont would ) guy think he 's fuckin' vito corleone or something . the old way be go . if we do not change now we be go to get push out . I need to know if I can count on you support ? Daniel turn off the tape . bonanno 's anger be visible . daniel I have get to tell you , Mr. bonanno , this guy 's a idiot . how he 's live this long be a mystery . bonanno ( seethe ) I do not think it will be a mystery much longer . daniel he 's record every conversation he 's have with you for year . bonanno I assume you want something ? daniel we have get a lot of people look for we . we would just like to go home . bonanno you want I to help you get out of the country ? Daniel nod . bonanno and for my help I would get what ? daniel half the tape . bonanno and the other half ? daniel I will destroy they when we get back to Paris . bonanno I only have you word for that . daniel I just want to get my people home . I know who you be and what you could do to I if I do not honor my word . bonanno where be you stay ? 94 . Daniel grin . he be not go to tell he . bonanno I only ask so I can call you when the arrangement be make . daniel how about if I call you ? int . cottage -- morning Zero and Raymond be sleep . we hear the shower run in the bathroom . sami be at the table . the black canvas bag contain the tape be on the table . sami remove the identical canvas bag he buy at the store from under the bed and place it on the table . he take the original and leave . ext . cozy court -- morning sami remove the card hadley give he , take out he cell phone and dial . a taxi pull up . sami same place . one hour . sami get in the taxi and it drive away . a beat . a moment later another taxi pull up . Daniel get out . int . cottage -- morning Daniel enter to find Zero and Raymond still sleep . he look at the black canvas bag on the table . marcel step out of the bathroom wrap in a towel . ext . grant park -- morning hadley be wait by the statue hold a cardboard box . sami walk towards he hold the black canvas bag . sami what the fuck be all that about at the hotel last night ? I think we have a deal ? agent hadley hey , you be not exactly the most trustworthy guy in the world . I take a shot . it do not work . do you bring the tape ? sami hold up the canvas bag . sami the lamp ? hadley open the cardboard box to reveal the bloody lamp base . sami hand he the canvas bag . 95 . agent hadley just a second . you must think I be a real moron . hadley remove a small cassette player from he jacket . he pick a tape and insert it into the player . zammito's voice I just come by to tell that " piece of work " you ask for on johnny wick -- it 's do . bonanno' voice good . how would he go ? zammito's voice like the cry rat bastard that he be . hadley stop the tape . he insert another one . zammito's voice angelo , we can not lean too hard on this guy . he 's a congressman . bonanno' voice I make Peter dimiano a congressman . we pay he each month to look after we interest . hadley grin . this be great stuff . he look up at sami . agent hadley here you go , sport . sami grab the box and leave . hadley start whistling a tune and walk off the other way . as he reach the tree line lamar pop out with two of he friend . all of they have gun . lamar I will take the bag . agent hadley you do not think I see through this ? you tell sami he 's dead . one of lamar 's guy search through hadley 's pocket , find he gun , then take he wallet . agent hadley you be make a big mistake . I be a FBI agent . hadley stare at lamar defiantly . lamar cock the hammer back on he gun and press the barrel to hadley 's forehead . hadley drop the canvas bag . lamar pick up the canvas bag and run away . hadley stand there fume . lamar run towards the statue and disappear behind it . angle -- behind the statue 96 . Daniel be wait , hold the other black canvas bag . as lamar pass they quickly exchange bag . from hadley 's point of view lamar have merely run behind the statue as he head for the street . lamar run a few more step , then stumble and fall ... several cassette tape spill out of it . lamar 's buddy be already at the street . lamar' buddy c'mon , man ! let 's get out of here . lamar get up , look at the bag , pretend to be panicked . he run off leave the bag lay on the grass . on hadley : he can not believe he luck . he run over , pick up the loose cassettes and put they back in the bag , then leave . on daniel : he peer out from behind the fountain , watch as hadley walk off in the other direction . ext . STREET corner -- morning Daniel arrive to find sami and lamar . sami see , I tell you that you could trust I . Daniel grin and pat he on the back . lamar okay , we be square now , right ? daniel there 's just one more thing I need you to do . lamar be about to protest when Daniel take out a roll of bill . lamar I be listen . int . taxi -- moving -- day Daniel and sami sit in the back . Daniel be on he cell phone . daniel ( into phone ) Mr. bonanno , I be wonder if you -- ( listen ) that would be fine . thank you . int . FBI headquarters -- day hadley enter with the black canvas bag . the receptionist hand he a package . receptionist this come for you . 97 . int . hadley' office -- day hadley open the package and find a video cassette . hadley pop the cassette into the vcr . on the screen we see sami speak into a video camera . sami since we be such good pal I think I would sneak you a advanced copy of my latest work . I call it , " I be a scum -suck FBI agent " . on the television screen we see hadley and sami in the park on they first meeting . sami you want the tape for yourself . you be go to sell they . agent hadley I be go to retire with a shit - load of money . find I a small country that do not have a extradition treaty with the States and live the good life . sami you do not have to kill Sophie . agent hadley yes I do . lose end be messy . the color drain from hadley 's face . sami reappear , talk into the camera again . sami it 's a little arty I know , but it have great content , do not you think ? you be so busy look for a wire you probably do not even think about a video camera . it be on the statue . anyway , I have send a copy of the whole tape to the Chicago p.d. and the FBI . they will get it tomorrow . if I be you I would take the day off . the tape turn to static . hadley try to think . he take the vhs tape from the machine , then pick up he phone and start to dial a number . a beat . he think better of it , hang up and use he cell phone . int . south side social club -- day Eddie be on the phone . Zammito be at he usual table . eddie hey boss , some guy name hadley . say he 's get some tape you want ? Zammito spring out of he seat and grab the phone . 98 . zammito yeah ? ( listen ) how much ? be you nut ? ( listen ) okay . okay . there 's a old warehouse on merchant Street ... ext . south side social club -- day Zammito and joey " two ton " rush to the car carry a briefcase . ext . vinny zammito's house -- day Raymond knock on the door . vinny answer it , he arm in sling . raymond Mr. Zammito ? vinny uh huh . raymond I represent a person who wish to remain anonymous , but be aware of you current financial problem with you brother . vinny I do not know what you be talk about . raymond I understand . the person who send I wish to help you . vinny how ? raymond you see that car ? vinny look on the street and see the impala . vinny yeah . raymond it 's yours . a gift . a gift you could give to you brother ... or anyone you owe money to as partial payment . vinny no shit ? raymond the papers for the car will arrive tomorrow . 99 . ext . merchant STREET warehouse -- day a old building , dirty window and peel paint . the main door be open . int . merchant STREET warehouse -- day Zammito and joey " two ton " be stand next to Zammito 's lincoln . hadley park ten yard away and get out with the black canvas bag . zammito that the tape ? hadley start to place the canvas bag on the hood of Zammito 's car . zammito watch the paint . hadley open the bag . it be fill with cassette tape . agent hadley the money ? Zammito nod to joey " two ton " who open another briefcase fill with cash . zammito how would you get this ? agent hadley I get them . that 's all you need to know . hadley start to go . Zammito motion he to stop . zammito just a second . Zammito pick a tape and toss it to joey " two ton . " who put the cassette into the car cassette player . suddenly we hear Wayne Newton sing " danke schoen . " wayne newtone voice danke schoen , darling danke schoen . thank you for all the joy and pain ... hadley 's face turn white . he produce a audible gulp as he look at Zammito weakly . ext . merchant STREET warehouse -- continuous the music continue as we hold on a wide shot of the building . wayne newtone voice picture show , second balcony , be the place we would meet ... through the dirty window we see several flash as the air fill with gunfire . 100 . wayne newtone voice ... second seat , go dutch treat , you be so sweet ... Zammito 's lincoln pull out of the warehouse and drive down the street . int . lincoln -- moving -- afternoon Music continue in the cassette deck . joey " two ton " drive . Zammito sit in the passenger seat . zammito can you believe that guy ? what a moron . joey " two ton " ( refer to cassette ) good song though . zammito great fuckin ' song . ext . private airport -- afternoon sami , marcel and Raymond help Zero out of the taxi and towards a small plane . off to the side bonanno be stand with half tooth tony . Daniel walk over to he . bonanno this plane will take you to Canada . from there you can fly back to Paris . daniel thank you . bonanno you have something for I ? Daniel hand he the cassette case with half the tape . bonanno hand it to half tooth tony who take they into the car and listen to a tape . half tooth tony they be good , boss . bonanno and the other half of the tape ? daniel you have my word . I will destroy they . ext . south side social club -- afternoon the lincoln pull up . Zammito and joey " two ton " get out . vinny be wait beside the impala . zammito what 's this ? 101 . vinny a car . zammito oh really ? thanks . I think it be a sewing machine . what the hell be it do here ? vinny it 's for you . zammito for I ? what be I go to do with a piece of shit like this ? vinny I do not know . sell it . it 's gotta be worth something . someone give it to I . c'mon frankie , I be try to make good here . zammito okay . okay . vinny I will get you the papers tomorrow . vinny start to walk away . zammito ( yell after he ) hey , if you be well enough to be walk around you be well enough to start work here . ext . mexican restaurant -- afternoon a gang hang out . raphael be with several hard - look gang - banger . lamar arrive with two of he friend . RAPHAEL you lose ? lamar do not come off like a hard - on with I . I be about to make you a very happy man . ext . gang hangout -- afternoon several gang banger stand around they low rider car . sananta 's " oye como va " play loudly on one of the radio . raphael talk heatedly with several of the gang banger . a series of quick cut Music continue as several gang member check they gun . 102 . ext . STREET -- afternoon the santana song continue as several car load of gang banger drive down the street . int . south side social club -- afternoon the air be thick with cigar smoke . several gumbas hang around the bar . Zammito be at he table with joey " two ton " and nicky " the rake . " dean martin " return to I " play on the jukebox . outside we hear the sound of car pull up and screeching to a stop . the door open and raphael and ten other very tough - look gang member step inside . the room fall silent , except for dino on the jukebox . Zammito stand up . RAPHAEL anybody know about that car outside ? zammito yeah . it 's mine . RAPHAEL no . it 's mine . zammito the hell it be . RAPHAEL I be tell you that 's my car ! and someone 's gonna pay for it ! zammito and I be tellin ' you it be not ! now , turn you taco -eate ass around and get the hell out of here . RAPHAEL fuck you , grease - ball ! zammito fuck I ? fuck you ! they be right on the edge of have a major disaster . the Dean Martin song end . Dead quiet . each group watch the other to see who 's go to make the first move . the jukebox select another record . the needle scratch against the vinyl intro . we hear the intro to jerry vale sing " Amore scusami " . series of quick cut -- raphael 's eye burn into Zammito 's -- a gang - banger eye dart from side to side . -- a wiseguy bite he lip . -- nicky " the rake " twitches he finger nervously . -- sweat glisten on the forehead of joey " two ton " . 103 . at the bar Eddie reach behind for something without look . he knock over a bottle . it fall to the floor and break . the noise be enough to push thing over the edge . jerry vale' voice my love , forgive I ... raphael go for he gun . all hell break loose ! people dive for cover as shot ring out . in the close quarter it 's like shoot fish in a barrel . jerry vale' voice I do not mean to have it end like this ... Eddie lift a shotgun from behind the bar and blow away a gang member . another gang member kill he . it 's a massacre ! body drop like fly . the room be so thick with smoke you can not see two foot in front of you . finally it be quiet . jerry vale' voice I do not mean to have you fall in love , in love with I ... we move through the room , past the carnage . smoke swirl , blood cover the floor . raphael be dead . along with joey " two ton " and nicky " the rake " on the floor , Zammito be against the bar . he sit up , amaze that he be untouched . he get to he foot and make he way to the front door . ext . south side social club -- afternoon Music continue . Zammito stagger outside and into the street . he laugh , a nervous laugh at he good fortune . jerry vale' voice my love , please kiss I ... Zammito turn around to see zammito's Pov -- a lincoln town car speed towards he . through the windshield he can see the smile face of half tooth tony . the front of the car slam into Zammito , lift he into the air . he flip head over heal then smashes into the windshield and over the car . he lay in the middle of the street , dead . the lincoln speed off down the street . jerry vale' voice arrivederci amore kiss I ... int . bonanno' house -- afternoon Music continue . bonanno sit on he couch , eat a cannoli as he watch judge Judy on television .. 104 . jerry vale' voice remember when we part ... int . merchant STREET warehouse -- afternoon Music continue . agent hadley be lean against he car , he eye open , a large bullet hole in he head . jerry vale' voice you will have my heart ... int . sophie' warehouse -- afternoon Music continue . Wayne be sit on the couch , a open package on the coffee table . he smile as he stare at the stack of cash the crew take from Zammito . int . plane -- moving -- afternoon Music continue . the crew sit quietly . jerry vale' voice I love you so ... ext . plane -- moving -- afternoon Jerry vale continue sing as the plane glide through a clear blue sky . Music fade . dissolve to : ext . bastaldi 's' warehouse -- paris -- morning bastaldi step outside into the crisp morning air . he take a few step , then stop . bastaldi Pov -- across the street , stand side by side be Daniel , sami , Raymond , marcel and Zero . they look like a rag bunch , tired , dirty . we pan across the face of each one of they as they stare at bastaldi . a bus go by block bastaldi 's view of the boy . when it pass the crew it go ! bastaldi bite he lip nervously . bastaldi look around , but there be no sign of they . a different angle we can see the five of they crouch behind a park car . marcel peer through the window at bastaldi who be still try to figure out where they go . they be all amused with bastaldi 's bewilderment . raymond what 's he do ? 105 . marcel he 's look around for we . zero Zero can not stay like this much longer . his leg be hurt . finally , bastaldi turn around and go back into he apartment . int . bastaldi be warehouse -- day bastaldi be at he desk , nervously tapping he finger on the surface . the phone ring . he know who be call . he stare at the phone for a long moment , then he slowly lift the receiver . bastaldi hello ? daniel ( v.o. ) ( in french ) it 's Daniel . bastaldi ( in french ) Daniel . listen I be afraid there have be a big -- daniel ( v.o. ) ( overlap ; in french ) -- I have get the tape . if you ever want to see you brother out of jail do exactly what I say . bring one million euros to you boat at six o'clock . bastaldi ( in french ) a million ! I do not have that kind of money . daniel ( v.o. ) ( in french ) do not bullshit I , laurant ! I know about the Van gogh . bastaldi ( in french ) I do not have it . that 's why Vincent go to Chicago . they arrest he before he could bring it back . daniel ( v.o. ) ( in french ) well , you better get the money somehow . six o'clock and come alone . if you do not we will destroy the tape . the line go dead . 106 . ext . houseboat -- afternoon bastaldi drive up . he get out carry a suitcase and nervously walk to the boat . int . houseboat -- afternoon bastaldi enter . no one appear to be there . bastaldi 's cell phone ring . he answer it . daniel ( v.o. ) ( in french ) go back on deck . there 's a small rowboat in the water -- ext . other side of river -- continuous Daniel , sami and Zero watch the houseboat . Daniel continue he conversation on the cell phone . daniel ( in french ) put the money in the rowboat and untie it . the current will carry it down river . when we see that the money be there I will call back and tell you where the tape be . daniel be Pov : bastaldi appear on deck . he put the suitcase in the rowboat and unty it . it drift slowly into the current . ext . down river -- afternoon the rowboat hug the shore , move slowly down the river . marcel be on the shore with Raymond . Raymond reach out with a long pole and pull the boat to shore . marcel open the case . Inside be several stack of five hundred franc note . marcel look to Raymond with a grin and nod . Raymond open he cell phone . ext . other side of river -- continuous Daniel , sami and Zero continue to watch the houseboat . sami 's cell phone ring . he answer it and listen . raymond ( v.o. ) we be in business . sami nod to Daniel . ext . houseboat -- afternoon bastaldi 's cell phone ring . he answer it . daniel ( v.o. ) ( in french ) go down into the main cabin . the tape be in the wooden chest . 107 . the line go dead . int . houseboat -- afternoon bastaldi enter , look around the room until he see the wooden chest . he walk over and open it . Inside there be several cassette tape in the cardboard box . bastaldi grin and lift the cardboard box out of the chest . he hear a click . he notice something be attach to the bottom of the cardboard box . it 's a long thin wire that have pull the pin on a electronic device . ext . across the river -- continuous Daniel be now hold small , black device . a yellow light start flash . he put he finger on a red button . daniel this be for Julien . he press the button . int . houseboat -- continuous a digital counter begin count backwards . bastaldi realize that the device be a bomb . he stare at the number quickly speed by 8 ... 7 ... 6 ... 5 ... bastaldi oh , merde ! ext . houseboat -- five second later the houseboat explode in a brilliant fireball , send piece of wood and metal fly into the air . a thick plume of black smoke swirl in the wind . ext . across the river -- afternoon Daniel , Raymond , sami , Raymond , marcel and Zero watch the smolder wreckage . they blank face show no emotion -- just a sense that justice have be do . sami do you have to use that much explosive ? daniel I promise bonanno I would destroy the tape . Raymond open the suitcase and look inside . as he peel through the stack of money we see that only the top bill of each stack be real -- underneath they all be white paper , cut to the same size as the bill . everyone turn to marcel . daniel you do not check it ? 108 . ext . bridge -- afternoon the five of they walk across the bridge . marcel I be sorry ! I be catch up in the excitement of the moment . I should have check . I make a mistake . I suppose that none of you have ever make a mistake before ? no one answer he . sami reach inside the black canvas bag and remove the autograph baseball marcel take from Zammito . sami this be great . after everything we have be through we have get eight hundred euros and a autograph baseball . marcel the baseball be mine . sami no ! you can not have the baseball ! you be not entitle to the fuckin ' baseball ! sami throw the baseball back in the canvas bag . marcel I be the one who take it . it 's my baseball ! zero if you say baseball one more time Zero will shoot you . marcel Raymond , do not you think they be over reacting a little ? raymond no . I think they have a right to express they anger with you in light of the fact that you be ... ( something in he snap ) a fuckin ' moron ! how could you not check the money , you GOD damn stupid shit -head ! Raymond 's anger take everyone by surprise . even Raymond be surprised by he outburst . marcel Fine . all of you want to be angry ? be angry ... but I be the one who take the ball and that make it mine . sami no . 109 . marcel give it to I , sami . sami no ! marcel try to take the ball out of the bag . sami pull it away . marcel grab the bag . both of they tug on it . marcel pull hard and the bag rip down the seam . the baseball fall out and roll off the bridge into the river . sami perfect . marcel stand there hold the inside liner of the bag . sami throw the canvas bag to the ground in frustration . something catch Daniel 's attention . daniel be Pov -- of the black canvas . the lining have be rip away . a light breeze blow lift the underside of the black canvas . there be a flash of color . another gust of wind turn the black canvas over . on the other side be Van gogh 's " vase with twelve sunflower " . Daniel 's jaw drop . the other notice he stunne expression and follow he stare . there Pov -- of the priceless painting . they stand there , too shocked to move at first , then rush forward . they have almost reach the painting when a truck pass they . the wind kick up the painting , blow it over the railing . they reach out to grab it , but it be too far away . they stand there , watch as it slowly float down to the river below . ext . bridge -- wide shot -- afternoon they look at one a other , then without speak a word they all jump off the bridge . as they fall towards the water we ... freeze frame