crimson peak by Matthew robbin & guillermo del toro v3.0.fdx universal studios 100 universal City Plaza universal City , CA 91608 fade in : ext . cemetery - day silence , except for the whisper of the wind . a white screen resolve into a wide view of a 19th century * cemetery , its dark contour soften by several inch of * fresh snow . Big , wet flake float down from a leaden sky . wealthy mourner stand under black umbrella at a open grave as pallbearer slide a gleam ebony coffin from a horse - draw hearse . a legend fade on : boston , 1886 camera descend to find a solemn , bespectacle child , edith cushing , age 10 , in a black coat and hat . her delicate feature be half -hidden behind a mourn veil . frightened , the child cling to the glove hand of she tall , bearded father ( carter cushing , 48 ) . * edith ( v.o. ) the first time I see a ghost , I be ten . it be my mother 's - * the coffin pass before the child 's pale face . edith ( v.o . ) at that age , I barely understand what have happen . she have die of cholera - * ( beat ) and on account of she disease , Father * order that the casket remain close ... as the coffin be lower unto the earth - * dissolve to : * int . young edith's bedroom - night a coffin-like grandfather clock be ticking in a enormous , gas - light bedroom . shadows seem to swallow up the girl 's * collection of doll and book . snowflake drift past the tall window , little edith lie in * bed , stare at the wall . her eyeglasses be on the bedside table . ( continued ) continued : edith ( v.o . ) .--. so there be really no last glimpse . no goodbye . ( pause ) that be , until she come back . the clock stop tick , the gas lamp go dark and the floorboard creak . there 's a rustle of silk as - - a translucent tracery of cobweb ectoplasm cross the room , its desiccate foot not touch the ground . the bed curtain move and the bedspring sink down . edith freeze , she eye wide , she head turn away . she hear a low , asthmatic sigh . a shimmer hand caress the child 's hair . finger bone be visible . in the dark , a glimpse of a torment face ... edith ( v.o. ) -.- and I hear she voice . a throatless whisper , low and grave and full of earth . her word sear my memory as if with fire ... mother' ghost edith ... beware of crimson peak . crying out , the child sit up and look around . without she glass , the world be a blur . a hazy figure be float away . edith put on she glass . no one be there . the gas lamp come back on ; the clock resume its tick . edith ( v.o. ) then she be go . ( pause ) it would be year before I again hear a voice like that - or see a dead thing come to life . but see it I do ... and the horror hide in she whisper warning would change my life forever . CUT to : ext . boston street - day a perfect spring day in Boston . the gorgeous blue sky be dot with puffy white cloud ... ( continued ) continued : --- and below it , a city be grow . superimposure : 1900 a new century have arrive and the teeming street be alive with motorcar , bicycle and horse - draw carriage . camera follows a veile young woman as she pass workmen pave street and erecting power pole . steam erupt from a pile driver ... smoke roil from vat of hot tar . the young woman reach the front door of a tea room . it 's edith , now a pale but strike 22 year - old . she still wear glass . int . society tea room - day sitting alone among the elegant patron , edith leaf through a thick , handwritten manuscript , make last- minute correction . at the next table , the dowager mrs . WALKER and she chubby daughter eunice be gossipe with a group of vivacious woman . mrs . WALKER we meet he at the british Museum . last fall . he take one look at Eunice and say she be as beautiful as anything by - by - eunice burne - something - a painter - I think - ( beat ) oh , mother , he be so handsome ! mrs . WALKER he never take he eye off you , do he ? eunice ( barely able to get a word in ) well - mrs . WALKER ( overlap ) - then we all go to tea . it seem he 's a baronet — society girl 1 what 's a baronet ?? ( continued ) continued : edith close she book and look at Society girl 1 . edith a baronet be a minor aristocrat . a opportunist . a man who life off land that other work for he . society girl 1 be that so , edith ? edith that be so . society girl 2 well , from what I hear , this minor aristocrat be perfectly charming and be a great dancer ... mrs . WALKER ... who 's cross the ocean with he sister . I be sure it 's because of Eunice . he 's be write we every week . eunice mother , he 's here on business ! society girl 1 I be hearing wedding bell . but that would not concern you , would it , edith ? edith no , it would not . edith take off she glass and get up to leave . her dress and scarf be a sombre black and navy blue silk . mrs . WALKER I think it 's a shame , edith , I really do ! a man will never notice you if you nose be bury in book . society girl 2 wearing black and write all day long - we very own Jane austen . edith ( walk away ) thank you , Sally . but I would prefer Mary shelley . and , Eunice ? you do not look at all like a burne - Jones . not languid enough . int . publishing house - day a enormous lobby , bustling with activity . carry she manuscript , edith approach a reception desk where a guard direct she to a elevator . camera linger on a statue of a man , pensive and read , surround by a pile of book . this be a likeness of mr. ogilvie . int . mr. ogilvie' office - day in the same exact position as the statue , SAMUEL ogilvie grunt with displeasure as he leaf through edith 's work . edith discreetly use she glass to see what page he 's on . ogilvie hrumpf - ogilvie pointedly turn he chair around and read some more . finally , he put the manuscript down . he nod slowly , replace it in the pouch . ogilvie ( cont 'd ) so ... miss cush . how be you father ? now edith know what he think of she manuscript . cushing ( v.o. ) I take it he say no . CUT to : int . dine room - night a beautiful dining room , with damask wallpaper and art nouveau sconce . edith sit across from she father , carter cushing ( almost 60 now . ) his beard be streak with gray . edith after skim a single chapter , Father . cushing ogilvie 's old - fashioned . he probably look down on ghost storey . edith it 's not a ghost story . ( continued ) continued : cushing but it have a ghost in it - edith Father . it 's a ... conduit - ( off she father 's look ) -a pretext , to talk about spirituality . the ghost act as a metaphor - cushing ah . a metaphor . that may be too sophisticated for I , then - edith ogilvie say it need a love story . can you believe that ? cushing well ... do it ? edith what ? cushing need a love story ? edith no !- why ? why must a woman always write about love ? story of girl in search of the ideal husband - or the man who elude they ?? be there nothing else ? her father stare at she blankly . cushing I agree . obviously he do not . at that moment , a whistle from a pass train ... anda train 's light move on the sheer curtain . obey a old habit , cush check he pocket watch - and smile . cushing ( cont 'd ) I will have a word with ogilvie- Monday at the club . she pull the manuscript from the envelope . edith you will not . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) cushing why ? why will not you let I help you ? edith no - * ( beat ) * I have to do it myself . with my word on the page ! since I be not " beautiful " - or " graceful " - or " charming " ... cushing but you be ! edith the word have to do it . all I have be * word ... and they will find they way into print . you will see . in the meantime you just have to hear I complain ... he smile and pat he daughter 's cheek . cushing with pleasure , always . ext . railyard - day a high , wide view of a railyard with steam locomotive chuffing from a roundhouse . camera pan to a five-storey brick office build . * int . outer office - day in the large , busy outer office , a scowling edith be sit * at someone 's desk , finger peck on a newfangled underwood typewriter . * jane , a gray-haire secretary , be show she how to use it . * jane see ? the carriage return be almost automatic . just push this lever here - edith Automatic . such a horrid word , be not it ? everything be automatic now ... but - ( look at the page ) - it do look stronger than longhand . ( continued ) continued : jane it 's a diabolical contraption , but if you be write to publisher , you will get they attention . and you will save time , I warrant . edith I be not sure I want to save time at all . what would I do with it ? thomas sharpe , 38 , enter . he 's a well - dress , handsome englishman and carry a walking stick and a mahogany BOX . edith be too engross in she letter to notice he . sharpe ( to edith ) good morning , miss . wham ! - edith bang over the carriage return and look up . sharpe blushes and remove he hat . sharpe ( cont 'd ) sorry to interrupt , but I have a appointment with Mr. Carter Everett cush . esquire . edith goodness . with the great man , himself ? sharpe I be afraid so . jane I be sorry , but I be the- edith signal she to be quiet . she will handle this . edith you be not late , be you ? he hate that . sharpe in fact , I 'ma bit early . edith oh - I be afraid he hate that , too . sharpe lean a bit closer . sharpe pardon I for ask , but - be he really as terrible as they say ? edith glance at Jane and smile . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) sharpe turn extend . he hold the edith a monster . sharpe I do not believe it . why would a pair of charming lady work for such a person ? edith he pay I nothing . jane ( chuckle ) true enough - sharpe impossible . where be this fiend ? I shall make it my business to protest , to rebuke he - edith he 's just behind you , sir . to find Carter cush approach , hand cushing Sir Thomas sharpe . welcome to Boston . young man 's hand a extra moment - he regards sharpe 's long , wavy hair , he walk stick and velvet - collare suit . cushing ( cont 'd ) ( gesture toward edith ) May I introduce edith , my daughter - sharpe be speechless . edith we have just meet , father . ( to sharpe ) it be a pleasure to make you acquaintance , Sir Thomas . I hope the great man treat you well . she smile sweetly at sharpe , who look abash but pleased . 10 . int . conference room — day the conference room overlook the railyard . a dozen banker and investor sit at cush 's table . amongst they , a elderly attorney - william ferguson . sharpe 's mahogany box rest near a stack of topographical map and production chart . alongside , a small alcohol lamp heat a miniature , nickel - plate boiler . he show the from hand to sharpe in the last few year , we scrape together just enough capital to reopen the mine and find what we believe be very encourage sample . man a rough hunk of iron ore . as they pass it hand ... cushing " we , " you say ? who might that be ? sharpe mining engineer . geologist . I have they statement here - cushing so - you have never do any digging yourself ? ( beat ) in that mountain of yours ? sharpe I be afraid not . cush look at the other : " think so . " he open the cushing go on . sharpe as investor in mining , you will want more than speculation and projection . so here , gentleman - box to reveal a scale model of a mining drill . sharpe ( cont 'd ) -a steam drill - my own design - that match the output of a ten-man crew . with mechanize digging , abandon mine can be rework and make profitable again . ( continued ) 11 . continued : he connect the little boiler . with a hiss of steam , the brass lever and gear start move ; the drill spin . the man admire its ingenuity - all except cush . cushing turn that off , please . sudden silence as sharpe comply . cushing ( cont 'd ) so you come to we , have fail to raise capital in London . the Boston businessman glance at cush , whose cold smile reflect open skepticism . sharpe London , Edinburgh , leipzig - cushing where you family name seem to have count for very little . the door to the conference room be ajar . edith stand there , half -hidden , peek in like a child . sharpe I be not discuss my name . this be a new century . as a railroad man , you will need steel - cushing we have no shortage of iron ore in this country . you holding come to you through inheritance , do they not ? sharpe all right , yes . my great grandfather be Lord middleton sharpe , first baronet of allerdale . but the sharpe mine be more than a name , sir . more than nostalgia . they be my birthright . cushing and now Thomas sharpe the baronet -— you have come to America , where you hope to raise money to honor that birthright ? sharpe in part , yes . ( continued ) 12 . continued : ( 2 ) cushing in this country , we do not have such tradition . the man at this table - all of we - we come up through honest , hard work . well - almost all of we - Mr. Ferguson here be a attorney , but he can not help that - — laughter amongst the man . cushing ( cont 'd ) but - he father shine and repair shoe . as for I , I start out lay that very track - there in the yard below - decade ago . you see ? and my hand - he raise two thick , callouse hand . cushing ( cont 'd ) - reflect who I be . just as yours do . softest handshake I have feel in year . ( beat ) we bank on effort , not privilege . sharpe survey at the face of the other man , now stern and uncomfortable . sharpe ( touch the model drill ) I believe that invention like this be equal to any man 's hard work . I make no apology for my dream ... a train puff by in the railyard . cush check he pocket watch . cushing ( without look up ) take you toy , young man , and dream somewhere else . sharpe Mr. cush , I have try to be as frank as possible , but you have not give I a fair hearing . cushing no ? well , you may attribute it toa yank 's lack of breeding . sharpe be devastate but silent . ( continued ) 13 . continued : ( 3 ) edith ( v.o. ) I know just how he feel , this fellow dreamer , when I see he face defeat . sharpe turn and meet edith 's eye . she dart out of sight . CUT to : int . edith be room - night edith sit at she desk , write in she diary . behind she , a frame child drawing of a ruddy mountain thrust up into a blue- black sky . the schoolgirl lettering beneath it read : c-r-i-m-s-o-n p-e-a - k . the room be a bohemian hodgepodge of book , painting , rug and tapestry . edith ( v.o. ) over the next few day , Sir Thomas sharpe walk the muddy , tear - up street of Boston in search of a investor . I , meanwhile , have find inspiration . CUT to : ext . MAIN STREET , boston - day edith stealthily follow Thomas sharpe through a series of rejection : at the bank , she observe through a open door . at a gentleman ' club she peer through a window . at a meeting hall he be , again , send away . edith ( v.o. ) I would rethink my book . I would try my hand at romance after all . for the first time the genre appeal to I . sharpe finally reach a desert alley . exhausted and furious , he throw down he papers and the mahogany box . once he 's go , edith step out from hide and look at the smashed miniature and the multitude of gear spill on the ground . 14 . int . cushing mansion , parlor - dusk at the mirror in he front hall , Carter cush check he white tie and tail . as a servant bring he he hat and coat , edith enter , wear a simple house dress . cushing I do wish you would change you mind and come along . it 's not just another party . not that there 's anything wrong with a simple party , mind you . edith you know I can not bear such thing . cushing there 's a performance of some kind , a woman 's play chopin . or be it ravel ..? I can not keep ‘em straight . ( pause ) and little Lord fauntleroy will be there . edith you mean Thomas sharpe ? cushing none other . I see you spying on we , child . edith I find he interesting , it 's true . like a character , in a play . cushing a bad actor , you mean . nothing to swoon about . edith nobody 's swoon . but tell I : be he idea so outrageous as to merit such a quick dismissal ? cushing it be not he idea , my love . I feel a lack of focus . be he the inventor of a steam drill ? or a mine owner seek to exploit he holding ? there 's something ill-define about he ; you can not do business with man like that . the doorbell ring . ( continued ) continued : 15 . cushing ( cont 'd ) that will be young Dr. mcmichael . he 's bring he new motorcar . that 's a good fellow - he 's - edith ( roll she eye ) I know , Father - he 's get such a firm handshake ... the servant open the door and show in dr . alan mcmichael , 31 , a serious , bearded internist . he , too , be in formal wear . cush don dr . mcmichael good evening , Mr. cush . hello , edith ... edith good evening , Alan . my , do not we look smart . dr . mcmichael ( blush ) not really . no more than you average penguin . cushing it 's edith who should be the belle of the ball , do not you agree , Doctor ? dr . mcmichael ( gaze at she ) Change you mind , edith . with you , I could actually dance . edith you lad will have much more fun without I . ( to Dr. mcmichael ) do not let he drink too much . ( to she father ) and no pontificate , brawling or flirt , either . no matter how fetching the lady . he hat and coat . cushing I will be a saint ! ( continued ) 16 . continued : ( 2 ) the old man chortle - edith 's the love of he life . dissolve to : int . edith be room - later edith sprawl on she bed , engross in a thick book replete with map of England . edith ( v.o. ) I be busy read about iron mining in * the North of England . * outside , raindrop spatter the window . sharpe 's half - assemble miniature drill stand on the desk . edith turn a page and stumble upon a old engrave of a mining operation in cumberland . edith ( v.o. ) and I find the sharpe mine , in a barren landscape at the base of a mountain ... * outside , a distant rumble of thunder . and behind she - the * miniature steam drill tumble off the desk and crash to * the floor . * edith leap to she foot . the mirrore door to a armoire * * open and something recede into a darkness . only the hem of a dress be visible . edith recognize it . edith ( whisper ) mother - ? she approach the corner and descry the rippling shape of * a woman - shadow upon shadow . a cadaverous face seem to emerge from the darkness , with * enormous eye , wet with tear . * as edith suppress a scream - a tap on the door and a maid * servant lean in . maid Excuse I , miss - edith spin around , then glance back , see nothing now - * just a dark dress hang in the armoir . * ( continued ) continued : 17 . maid ( cont 'd ) be you all right , miss ? whatever be the matter ? edith nothing . you - you startle I , that 's all . maid there 's a Thomas sharpe at the door , he 's * drip wet and most insistent on come in . edith Thomas sharpe ? at this hour ?? it 's out of * the question , Annie . * maid I tell he , miss . he will not go away . * edith don a dress gown and go to the window overlook the rainy courtyard . Thomas sharpe stand at the front door , hold a umbrella . he 's wear white tie and tail . she remove she glass and open the window . edith good evening , Mr. sharpe . Father 's not home , I be sorry to say . sharpe of course he 's not ! he 's go - maybe by gondola - to the reception at the Walker house . which be my destination , too edith but that 's in roxbury . this be back Bay . you be very much off course . sharpe not at all , my dear miss cush . I have find you , have not I ? I do not think I can * brave the best of Boston society without you as my guide . edith miss Eunice Walker , I believe , will be wait for you . with open arm . ( continued ) 18 . continued : ( 2 ) sharpe the devil take miss Eunice Walker ! please , be I to make a wretch of myself ? be I to beg - sharpe kneel among the puddle . sharpe ( cont 'd ) I be lose in a strange city . a child - a mere child . and I desperately need you help . edith ( smile now ) help with what ? sharpe well , the language , for one . as you see , I do not speak a word of american . edith laugh . she glance back into the room , where sharpe 's model drill lie in piece on the floor . edith I do not know , Mr. sharpe . tonight 's already be somewhat ... strange . for whatever reason , I be see thing . sharpe wonderful ! come with I and we will see they together . CUT to : int . ballroom - night all of Boston society be seat in a ballroom where a piano recital be underway . in the audience : Eunice Walker , she mother and Society Girls 1 & 2 . at the keyboard be a strike blonde woman with chisele feature and a intense air of concentration . this be lucille sharpe , 40 , Thomas ' sister . she conclude a brilliant chopin polonaise and stand to acknowledge the applause . Eunice bring she a armful of rose ; they exchange warm kiss to renew applause and approve murmur . take a final bow , Lucille 's expression darken : she brother have enter the room , accompany by a transformed edith . ( continued ) 19 . continued : a new buzz from the guest as they take notice . edith be a vision of understate elegance in pale blue satin . see she on sharpe 's arm , Eunice Walker and she mother be crestfallen . cush leave he seat and hurry over to he daughter . as he acknowledge sharpe ... cushing I congratulate you , sir . only remarkable .-. persistence could bring my daughter out of she cave . sharpe glad to be of service , Mr. cush . like she father , she be not easily move . cushing none of we be , Mr. sharpe . what do he promise you , edith ? edith nothing , father . I be just more pliable than you . Dr. mcmichael approach , dazzle by she appearance . edith ( cont 'd ) hello , Alan . May I introduce Sir Thomas sharpe ? ( to sharpe ) this be Dr. mcmichael . the man to see in Boston if you be feel poorly . dr . mcmichael that 's quite a glow presentation , edith - edith he 's brilliant . if you have aches and pain - Dr. mcmichael lower he head , even more disappointed at this . sharpe but I have never feel better , miss cush , thanks to you . ( shaking the Doctor 's hand ) a pleasure to meet you , sir , under any circumstance . ( continued ) 20 . continued : ( 2 ) outside - a brief flicker of lightning ... and more thunder roll over the city . a exclamation from the crowd as the room goe dark . servant scurry to light candelabra , which give the room a romantic and mysterious glow . the befuddle hostess , mrs . WALKER bring the beautiful blonde pianist over to they . but as she move through the room , a shadow seem to follow ... --- and within it edith see a pair of pinprick eye glitter in a sallow face . she recoil , again recognize the ghost of she mother . but the stout and impose Mrs. Walker block she view . mrs . WALKER good evening , Sir Thomas , you honor we . welcome to we fair city . sharpe I be sorry we be late . he kiss Mrs. Walker 's hand . mrs . WALKER oh , a kiss . how very rare that be today . Eunice can not wait to say hello. ( turn to edith ) edith . what a surprise . see you ... sparkle . as the ghostly image of she mother blur and rise toward the ceiling , a flustered edith try to collect herself . Lucille be watch she closely . mrs . WALKER ( cont 'd ) we magnificent pianist be Lucille sharpe , who 's come with she brother all the way from cumberland , in England - or be it Scotland ? lucille ah . that thorny question date back to before the norman conquest . edith it 's in Northern England , Mrs. Walker , make famous by Mr. wordsworth . ( continued ) 21 . continued : ( 3 ) lucille exactly , miss cush . although dove Cottage be a long , long way from where we live . Mrs. Walker take sharpe by the arm and lead he away . mrs . WALKER Eunice be here , Mr. sharpe , wait in the dark with she friend . they insist on hearing you wonderful accent . ( beat ) of course , we have hear English accent before , but yours be so - so - very ... Thomas be quickly surround by a cloud of excited young woman . Eunice shoulder she way to the front of the pack . edith 's eye apparition . lucille ( to edith ) all that adoration . he positively bask in it . dart over the room , ready for another edith Word travel quickly in Boston . among the young female , anyway . lucille do you not count yourself among they ? edith hear the woman 's delicate sarcasm and finally turn to face she . edith it be you brother , miss sharpe , who seek I out . Left to my own device , I avoid party like this and the waspish woman who flourish here . a small string orchestra start play a stately passacaglia ; floor . Thomas frees the servant clear the chair from the dance himself from the girl and bow to edith . Mrs. Walker and Eunice look on , lose all hope . sharpe miss cush . you come this far - will you venture a few step further ? ( continued ) 22 . continued : ( 4 ) edith I be not much of a dancer , Mr. sharpe . sharpe could I be the judge of that ?? he escort she onto the dance floor ... dancing ...- where two concentric circle of guest move rhythmically clockwise and counterclockwise . the step be formal and control ; each guest hold a lit candle . sharpe grab two candle — for edith and one for himself . they join the outermost circle . all the while , edith keep a wary , distract eye on the darkest corner . sharpe be amused . sharpe miss cush . whatever be you search for ? here I be . embarrass , edith gaze into he eye . edith I - I be sorry . I tell you I be see thing tonight . the guest keep move while the music last , each one guard he or she flame jealously . its a game , not unlike " musical chair . " suddenly the music stop . joyous chaos . everybody cover he own candle while try to blow out other ! the last person hold a light candle will win . the two circle shrink accordingly . the dance resume . edith ( cont 'd ) look at all that long face . Eunice , my father ... and you sister . sharpe Lucille ? she just like to worry . any girl who cross my path - she stand guard . the music stop again and the circle shrink some more . now only four couple remain - amongst they sharpe and edith . ( continued ) 23 . continued : edith maybe it be a mistake , let you drag I out here . Mrs. Walker look furious - sharpe just close you eye , then . edith and if I close they , what ? they will not see I ? sharpe precisely . wo not you try it ? edith close she eye and let sharpe guide she round and * round ... until the music stop . more candle go out . now only one couple remain : sharpe and edith . they start * dance again , stare into each other 's eye . the music cease for the last time and - after a collective gasp - the room fall silent . two flame leave . what will happen ? sharpe blow he own flame out and bow to edith . she in turn blow out she candle ... and the room explode in applause !! everybody be delighted . everybody except mr. cushing . fade out . fade in : int . edith be room - day a servant place a breakfast tray on a table in edith 's bedroom . edith , in a dress gown , be scribbling away , with * a grow stack of manuscript page at she elbow . edith ( v.o. ) so , a new book take shape . all about a young man 's quest to fulfill the legacy of a once - great family . I would never think much about the travail of the well - bear . fortunately , Sir Thomas delay he departure , again and again ... + eh ( continued ) 24 . continued : edith put down she pen , open the heavy drape , she let the sunlight flood she room . ext . river bank - day edith and sharpe be picnick on the bank of the Charles River . as sharpe read a few page of edith 's manuscript ... sharpe this fellow , " cavendish " - you hero - have he no fear ? no doubt ? edith of course he do . he 's haunt by he ancestor . you will see . sharpe haunted ? literally ? edith no ghost this time . I have banish they from my fiction . but they have visit I , they really have ... he take a snapshot of edith with a kodak brownie BOX camera . click ! int . art gallery - day at a exhibition of french symbolist painting , edith and sharpe stop to admire a strange , dreamlike work by odilon redon . edith why should it be so hard to believe ? if one go by experience and testimony more people have see ghost than kangaroos . and yet we firnly believe in kangaroos . sharpe laugh and bring up he kodak ... click ! ext . boston common - day in the park , a brass band be play a Sunday concert . dozen of well - dress bostonian be seat on lawn chair , enjoy some John Philip sousa . edith and sharpe stand off to one side , in the shade of a elm tree . as he take another snapshot : ( continued ) * +e * hf * 25 . continued : edith to my mind certain dismal place - house , castle , battlefield - they can store and preserve the pain of they decease inhabitant . like a wax cylinder and its record voice ... sharpe and we would need Mr. Edison to play they back -? edith stop laugh at I ! that be the whole point some people can " play back " that image and sound - some other do not have the sensibility - sharpe notice a couple of familiar face in the crowd . sharpe oh , no - it 's the Walker woman . they have not see we - but Mrs. Walker and she daughter Eunice be wave at they . edith they have . and hope spring eternal . come , we will join they - Eunice can teach I how to charm - — sharpe take she by the arm , lead she to the exit . sharpe you , miss cush , need no help in that department . let we away , while there 's still time . int . outer office - night a steam locomotive be trundle through the freight yard below , its bell clanging in the darkness . edith be alone at Jane 's desk , type up the latest chapter of she manuscript . ready to go home , she father emerge from he office and sit down , regard she as she work . when she pause : cushing go well , I see . you love story . she nod , and resume type . ( continued ) + HH HH +e * hf * +e % + hhh + eh a % 26 . continued : cushing ( cont 'd ) have someone sweep you off you foot , by any chance ? edith stop type and look he in the eye . edith let I assure you , father : Thomas sharpe be a literary godsend . nothing more . cushing nevertheless , you have invite he to the house , for tea ... edith what of it ? I owe he a debt of gratitude . cushing you have make a conquest , my dear , whether you know it or not . proceed with caution , that 's all I ask . edith have resume she type , a pencil clench between she tooth . cush study she , aware of she happiness . int . greenhouse - day the greenhouse be a elegant edifice of glass and steel , lush with flower . edith smile as two servant set out a afternoon tea on a table near the entrance . edith it 's all beautiful . where be Mr. sharpe ? servant I see he in the orchid row , mar 'am , with he sister . edith nod and move away . she slow down as she hear voice . lucille ( 0.s. ) this be not what we agree upon . it be not - sharpe ( 0.s. ) what difference do it make to you ? none ! it be my task - my duty - be it so wrong for I to decide how to go about it ?? ( continued ) * % + eh % 27 . continued : when edith come into view , the discussion end , but Lucille be visibly upset . she storm out . sharpe ( cont 'd ) ( to edith ) my sister - she be yet to grow accustom to you country , edith . and she 's tired of my frustration , too . I daresay she have reach she limit ... he see a manuscript in edith 's hand . his expression change . sharpe ( cont 'd ) no . do not tell I . you have finish chapter Three ?? she burst out laugh as he playfully pull it from she finger . dissolve to : ext . boston CITY view - dawn . Dawn break over the quiet city . a few carriage move through desert street . ext . gentleman' club - dawn one of the carriage stop in front of a gothic revival building . the driver open the door and a rotund , faintly raffish man get out : mr. holly . he have a large envelope in he hand . int . gentleman' club - lobby Mr. Holly be receive by a steward who show he the way to - int . gentleman' club - pool - continuous a swim pool inside a dome space do up in Oriental tile and arch . alone in the pool , swim lap , be cush . even in late middle age , he steady stroke be witness to enormous energy . he climb out . ( continued ) 28 . continued : cushing Mr. Holly ! I like the club first thing in the morning . I have it all to myself . a negro servant hand he a towel and robe . holly a great way to start the day , sir - cushing be not it ? and perhaps a good time to end certain thing , too . int . locker room - day cush towel away the water . cushing I do not expect to see you again so soon , Holly . what be I to make of it ? good news or bad ? holly I do not make such judgment , Mr. cush . I just gather the fact and leave the rest to the client . cush open the envelope and scan the content , which include letter , telegram and yellowing civil transcript . holly ( cont 'd ) the English peerage and family tree be easy enough to locate - as be the property record , all the way back to the sixteen hundred . for the banking information , I relied on a colleague in Manchester . one particular piece of paper catch cush 's attention . holly ( cont 'd ) but that - that document ... the Civil registry - that 's the real find . cushing examine a document emblazon with the cumberland seal - a eagle and a mountain . cushing you will have you money tomorrow , Holly . share this with no one . CUT to : ext . cushing half a dozen 29 . house - day carriage and a couple of motorcar be park in the courtyard of the cush house . among the arrive guest - Ferguson , Dr. mcmichael ... then , sharpe and he sister . int . foyer - as a radiant they coat , with cush . int . cushing ' day edith greet the guest and a servant take sharpe and Lucille find themselves face to face sharpe May I thank you for this invitation , Mr. cush ? it 's most welcome - I know I have monopolize you daughter ... and I have worried that it might not sit well with you . cushing it do not . I have be most displease . ( to Lucille ) hello , miss sharpe . May I ask - be you the older sibling ? lucille I be . cushing well , perhaps you already know what you little brother be about to learn : " the truth will out . " S library - day cush guide sharpe and Lucille away from the other guest and into he private library . he close the door . cushing now . Sir Thomas . the first time we meet , at my office - sharpe I recall it , sir . I recall it perfectly . cushing I imagine it be not hard for you to realize I do not like you . ( continued ) continued : 30 . lucille you make that plain enough to he , sir . sharpe Lucille - please ... cushing my daughter , later on , ask I why . sharpe Sir , I be aware that in the business world I have no advantage , no position to offer . but -— cushing but you love she , be that what you mean to say ? sharpe yes , sir , it be . cushing well , as I say : my daughter ask I why I do not like you . honestly , at the time , I have no good answer . but - — he pull out the envelope from Mr. Holly . cushing ( cont 'd ) now , I do . Lucille open the envelope and a single glimpse of the seal be enough . her face grow pale and rigid . she turn to sharpe - who do not even look . sharpe do she know ? cushing no . but I will tell she if that 's what it take to send you on you way . sharpe I be sure you would not believe I , but - cushing you love she . I know . you be repeat yourself . he hand he a check . sharpe and Lucille be both take aback by the amount . ( continued ) 31 . continued : ( 2 ) cushing ( cont 'd ) it 's more than generous , I know , and there 's a reason . with that money you can dig iron ore to you heart 's content . build that contraption of yours . whatever - but it will keep you far from she . + h hk * then he give they two steamship ticket . cushing ( cont 'd ) the majestic be sailing for southampton on Friday . if you want to keep the money ... ( beat ) you would better be on it . otherwise , that check will not clear and , one way or * another , I will have the law on you both . whatever continent you be on . sharpe nod weakly . cushing ( cont 'd ) good . I be glad we understand each other . now - ( beat ) as for my daughter . without further ado - you , dear sir ... ( beat ) --.are go to break she heart . int . dine room - day sunlight pour into the cush dining room , which have be decorate with cut flower . servant come and go with luncheon dish . at the long table , sharpe and he sister be the guest of honor . cushing ( raise he glass ) May I propose a toast of farewell ? a bon voyage to Boston 's questing baronet and he musical sister . a safe journey to you both . edith stare in shock at she father - then at sharpe . she 's * devastate . sharpe get to he foot : ( continued ) continued : 32 . sharpe thank you , sir . when I come to America , my heart be brim with a sense of adventure . here the future actually mean something . ( beat ) and although I find no financial success in Boston - he look straight at edith , he gaze sad and steady . sharpe ( cont 'd ) - I have find warmth and friendship among you all . and for that , I be grateful . ( beat ) so for now , farewell . May we meet again soon . int . parlor - later chatter happily , the guest mingle in the sumptuous parlor . sharpe approach edith . edith so - you be leave we now . you might have tell I . sharpe I do not know how . you be aware of my situation . nothing hold I in America any longer . edith nothing . I see . he hand over she manuscript . sharpe here 's you chapter three . edith and ?? sharpe ( a shrug ) you description of the garden , the maze behind the mill - it 's poetic , evocative ... edith thank you . ( continued ) 33 . continued : sharpe and quite unnecessary . sharpe eye cush , who observe from a distance . sharpe feel pressured . edith pray , elaborate ... sharpe all of it . the last ten page . the whole chapter . I would cut it all . would not miss a thing . edith but we want to know if she 's go to find he letter - sharpe do we , really ?? I do not think so - no - ( beat ) for the life of I , I can not understand why you consider yourself a writer - the plot be banal ... to put it plainly . edith it 's not the tale , Mr. sharpe but how you tell it - sharpe precisely my point . we have all read this tale - and many other like it . a romance go wrong . ( he shake he head ) I advise you to return to you ghost storey . edith ( aghast ) I thank you , then , for you frankness , sir ... sharpe go on , struggle with himself but unable to stop . sharpe .-- but you do not have anything to say - about the natural or the supernatural , do you ? edith stop - let I be - ( continued ) 34 . continued : ( 2 ) sharpe write about life ... the aches that you describe with such earnestness ... the pain - the loss ... the love . you have not live at all ... in fact , you seem to know only what other writer tell you . how can you even presume to feel - edith enough . you have make yourself more than plain . sharpe - how it hurt to be alone and desperate ? all from you comfortable nest in - she slap he , silencing he . the party guest gasp and stare as she flee the room . sharpe be devastate - but cush smile . CUT to : int . edith be room - night it 's late and dark . edith lie in bed , wiping at she tear . the floorboard creak softly . the curtain move and the bedspring go down . edith freeze , she eye wide , she head turn away . her father 's hand caress she hair . cushing I be not blind , edith - I be not . I know you have feeling for he . but give it time . you should not be afraid of be alone - ( beat ) you still have I ... perhaps you and I - we could go to the West coast . a season in San Francisco . you could write and I - edith good night , Father . I love you - but good night - the old man leave she . dissolve to : 35 . int . gentleman' club - pool - dawn his morning ritual : cush walk in , wear he robe . a attendant appear with clean towel . cushing how 's the water today , benton ?? attendant just the way you like it , Mr. cush , sir - cushing very well , then . be kind enough to order I some ham and egg . I will start with coffee , if it 's hot - attendant right away , sir . as he leave , cush kneel to test the water . a figure come up behind he . when cush turn , he smile in surprise . then , it 's too late . whack !!! the figure have clubbed he with a butcher' hammer . cush stagger , then go down . the figure stand over * he , grab he head and smashes it again and again against the tile corner of the pool ... the body roll into the water with a soft splash . the assailant withdraw . cush 's body rock gently back and forth , he fracture skull ooze a plume of blood into the pristine water . the attendant walk back in , see the body and drop he tray of coffee . CUT to : int . library - day edith walk through the stack of the Boston Public Library , check some dewey decimal number scrawle on the last * page of she chapter three . * finally , she locate the numbered volume : a copy of Jane * eyre . open it up , she find a letter from sharpe . * ( continued ) 36 . continued : sharpe ( v.o . ) dear edith : by the time you read this I will be go . so , this word be my only chance to tell you how much you mean to I . you father ask I to break you * heart and leave you . edith blink and read on as a shadow gather behind she . * sharpe ( v.o . ) by this time , surely I have accomplish both . but know this : I leave only because of my present station in life . I shall change it . even if it take year , I shall change it - and when I can prove to you father that all I ask of he be he consent - nothing more - then , and only then will I come back for you . forever : Thomas sharpe . edith turn , head for the stair . but a dead woman be * there . it 's she mother - raise a arm , as if to block she way . * this time , edith see a once - beautiful face , which be now a decompose horror . edith drop the book and flee . * ext . dock - day edith run down a busy dock , push she way through a crowd of stevedore and wave family . but it 's too late . by the time she arrive at the gangplank , the majestic have set sail . she stand there , panting , defeat , watch the union jack on its stern recede . but little by little she become aware of another presence stand close by . it 's sharpe . disturb , flustered , edith back away . he follow closely . sharpe it seem I miss my ship . on purpose , edith . my sister - she 's on board - but I could not go - not yet . edith when , then ? when do you leave ? ( continued ) 37 . continued : sharpe I do not know - I truly do not - edith what do you mean ? if you do not know , who do ? sharpe you , edith . only you know . he pull she close and kiss she . edith be thrilled . she pull away ... edith and what about my book ? be it so awful ? sharpe I love every word . you must finish it . ext . cushing house - day a taxi be park in front of the cush home , engine idling . a chauffeure black motor car pull up behind it . int . taxi - continuous edith and sharpe be in the taxi , lock in a passionate embrace . a sudden knock on the window ... Ferguson , the lawyer - open the door . edith take one look at he and know something terrible have happen . CUT to : int . hospital - day a coroner lead edith , sharpe and Ferguson down a hospital corridor . Dr. mcmichael appear behind they , hurry to catch up . dr . mcmichael ( look stricken ) edith . I be so sorry - it 's incomprehensible - I can not believe it , how could such a thing happen - ? he be a dear friend , you know that - ( continued ) 38 . continued : he falter . edith be in shock , hold back she tear . the coroner open the door to the morgue . before she can enter : dr . mcmichael ( cont ’d ) edith . wait. ( to the coroner ) I will give you a positive identification . no need for miss cush to see he . I be he physician . ferguson and I be he lawyer , Dr. mcmichael . I be sorry - it 's a legal formality . obligatory , I be afraid . coroner ( regards edith closely ) you must concentrate on the feature that remain intact , miss . do not fix upon break thing , thing out of place - int . morgue - moment later they have gather around a drape cadaver on a steel table . the coroner pull back the sheet , hide the corpse from camera , but revealing it to edith . she fight back she tear as sharpe come alongside , steadying she . the coroner address they . coroner as the sole survive relative , you could request a autopsy , but in this case I do not think it 's necessary . a accident - the floor be wet - ferguson ah . of course . he slip . Dr. mcmichael gaze intently at the corpse , frown at what he see . dr . mcmichael ( to the coroner ) May I , sir ? as he inspect the dead man 's skull , edith get away from he - this be my father - my - father - my father . ( more ) ( continued ) 39 . continued : edith ( cont 'd ) he - he - be turn sixty next week - and he be - he be afraid of it show - ( break ) afraid of look he age , you see ? she struggle to go on . edith ( cont 'd ) that 's why he - he dress so well - that 's why he swim every day - that 's why - he love take long walk with I - he love it - he love I - ( beat ) and now I be alone . and as she say this , she finally crumble . dissolve to : ext . cemetery - day once again , edith be in black and surround by mourner at the cush burial plot . a fresh grave lie open next to she mother 's granite tombstone . as the reverend read a passage from the Bible ( mos ) , edith lean on sharpe 's arm . a large diamond ring sparkles on she finger . a bereft-look Dr. mcmichael be stand in the crowd , stare fixedly at sharpe . it 's a duel - but then , with a gentlemanly tip of Dr. mcmichael 's hat , it 's over . before the digger close up the grave , edith step forward and drop cush 's pocket watch onto the coffin . edith ( v.o. ) within a few short week , the very same guest who mourn my father 's pass attend my wedding at trinity Church ... CUT to : ext . steamship - night the dark shape of the s.s. Providence plough through the moonlit wave of the North Atlantic . camera move in to one of the porthole on the " a " deck . ( continued ) 40 . continued : edith ( v.o. ) .--. and then , set sail with Thomas I feel ... int . stateroom - night the first -class stateroom be fill with flowers . edith ( v.o. ) .-. that by he side I could face any horror in the world . and I would - in time - face all of they . edith emerge from the bathroom , she body backlit through a sheer negligée . as she slip into bed , sharpe place a wooden case by she side . edith what pray tell be that ? sharpe a surprise . open it - edith what - ? sharpe proceed to unlock the case . sharpe I wrack my brain for a suitable wedding present . as usual , Lucille come to the rescue . her idea - ( he gesture to the case ) - I daresay , will prove useful . it 's a typewriter . edith ( burst out laugh ) oh , how perfect ! ( kissing he ) thank you , Thomas , I love it ! shall I try it out ? right now -? sharpe it can wait until morning , I think . you will have more to write about . he kiss she . as they embrace become passionate , he lift off the nightgown and they begin to make love . dissolve to : 41 . int . cushing library - day moving men be carting off the content of cush 's home and load a horse - draw dray outside . Dr. mcmichael be seat at cush 's desk , transfer the content of the drawer into a carton . one packet of papers attract he attention . the top of a page poke out of a envelope : it be emblazon with the cumberland eagle and a mountain . this be the file from Holly , the private detective . as the young Doctor unfold it , he find that the rest of the page have be tear off . CUT to : ext . cumberland hill - day a rochet -schneider horseless carriage putter over the barren , snow - cover hill of rural cumberland . no one else be on the road ; a few woolly sheep browse the icy slope . sharpe be at the wheel , with edith sit beside he , wrap in fur and a lap blanket . at a lonely crossroad , they make a turn , follow a line of power pole . a weathered signpost read : sharpeton . 5 mi. ext . abandoned village - day sharpeton be nothing but a cluster of abandon stone cottage . sharpe once the mine close , everyone leave , except we . the family motto be " semper pertinax " - edith " always stubborn ..? " sharpe to a fault . edith can see a grand house brood up in the hill , its many chimney silhouett against the gray sky . ( continued ) 42 . continued : a flock of sheep cross in front of the car , follow by a sheepdog . then , a arthritic shepherd in tatter clothing run up , salute sharpe with he crook . sharpe ( cont 'd ) hello , finlay . how have you be keep ? * finlay 's leathery , whiskered face be earnest and attentive , * but he blue eye be cloudy with cataract . finlay * never better , Sir Thomas . I know it be you a mile off . sharpe ( as if talk to a child ) finlay , this be my wife , edith . we be * marry in Boston , Massachusetts - that 's on the other side of the Atlantic Ocean . finlay * I know , I know , milord . you be marry . ( to edith ) welcome back , Lady sharpe ! mein name ist William , wie sind sie heute ? ( he nod , satisfied ) there , I learn it ! he hurry into one of the stone hovel near the road . edith what on earth ? be he speak german ? sharpe of a kind . I be sorry . ( embarrassed ) he 's be here forever - he work for my parent . the soul of generosity . we help he when we can . finlay emerge with a beautifully carve wooden lamb . he * hand it to edith . finlay * here , this be for you , mum . another one . sharpe ( uneasy ) why , thank you , finlay ! very fine work , * as always . ( continued ) 43 . continued : ( 2 ) edith but - it 's beautiful ! do you make it yourself ? finlay ( nodd ) that 's little scrub . she answer to scrub , she 's the baby of the family . put she with the rest of the flock , they will treat she right . he touch he cap and sharpe drive on . as finlay recede from view : edith be he always like that ? sharpe more or less . the whiskey do not help . the sharpe mansion the car proceed under a arch with wrought- iron letter : cloud top . as they motor up a long , steep driveway , edith lean forward , peer through the windshield at the impose house . edith but it 's enormous ! sharpe it do swallow one up . but we love it anyway - and you will , too , you will see . a cute little dog frisk around the car as they stop at the front step . edith get out and pick up the dog . edith and who be this ? you never tell I about he ! ( laugh ) or be he a she ? sharpe 's chuckle be awkward , almost confuse . something 's wrong : he have not expect this . sharpe I - I will just let you guess -! he toot the car horn and glance at the house , but there 's no other sign of life . * 44 , int . foyer - dusk sharpe unlock the massive , oaken front door and edith peek uncertainly into the foyer . she shriek as sharpe playfully grab she around the waist and lift she through the portal . the dog bark in excitement as he carry she inside . setting she down ... sharpe welcome home , my Lady !! the gloomy foyer be panele in dark wood . just beyond it , a staircase climb through three open floor and jutting balcony . at its center : a cage elevator . edith wander uncertainly , like jonah inside the whale . sharpe ( cont 'd ) ( call out ) Lucille ? he try a wall switch : no light . sharpe ( cont 'd ) Lucille ? he exit the foyer . sharpe ( cont 'd ) the electric service be new - wait here , I will only be a moment . edith become aware that the dog have grow quiet ; its tail curl between its leg . shiver , edith pull she coat tight around she . behind she , the door blow shut with a soft boom . even darker now . somewhere , a fly be buzzing . a motionless , silhouett woman in black be in a adjoin passageway . she stand straight , with preternatural dignity . edith Lucille ? the woman 's pince - nez glass gleam ; a diamond ring flash on she finger . the dog growls . just then , the wall sconce blaze up in a warm and cheerful light . sharpe reappear , wiping he hand on a rag . ( continued ) 45 . continued : sharpe I have no idea what I be do with fuse and the like . electricity be the work of the devil - ( beat ) we keep a box of candle in every room and now you know why - edith seize he arm , spin he around to face the woman - go now . sharpe ( cont 'd ) what be it ? edith I see somebody - sharpe somebody ?? do not be silly . we be alone here - there 's not a live soul for mile . unless you count finlay and he flock . edith wh- where 's you sister ? sharpe press a brass call button . somewhere below , machinery whirs . cable move . sharpe she will be upstairs . come - here 's the lift . the cage lift rise into view . sharpe ( cont 'd ) it go to all the floor and down two level to the old mine office . ( beat ) do not ever go below this floor , all right ? no place for you . upstair at the far end of a cavernous grand stairwell , sharpe and edith exit the elevator and proceed down the murky hall . sharpe Lucille ? 46 . there bedroom heavy furniture and floral wallpaper . a fireplace in the corner . sharpe deposit the case on the four-poster bed . sharpe I will get a fire go . once it 's light , this room stay toasty warm - edith place finlay 's hand - carve lamb on a shelf , then * draw back a curtain , revealing barren , dark hill * overlook a valley hundred of foot below . a few * snowflake be drift down . * sharpe ( cont 'd ) Lucille may be in the coal shed . or the * garage . I will just go see . * he leave . please with the room , edith remove she hat and * glove , then go to the mirror , where she take a moment to gaze at she reflection . with a coquettish smile , she take off she eyeglass . edith Lady sharpe , do you take milk or lemon ? wo not you try a nice , warm scone ? she become aware of a few drowsy houseflies vibrate - agonizing - on the windowsill . she open the window and shoos they outside , catch sight of sharpe head for a garage at the side of the house . * with a grin , she open she mouth to call out to he . but - voice edith . get out ... * edith whirl around - she 's alone . corridor come out into the hall without she glass , edith squint ... a faint clunk and the whine of machinery . down the hall , the elevator cable be move . a moment later , the cab come up ; a woman be on board . ( continued ) 47 . continued : edith ( relieved ) Lucille ! we have be - the elevator door open revealing ... * .-.a walk horror with wild grey hair tumble over naked , * shrunken breast . the woman 's tongue , lip and throat be stain black ; she eye be pit of darkness . woman leave we - now ! edith cover she face as the skeletal figure reach for * her. rip - !! a three - inch tear appear on edith 's blouse . stifl a cry , edith run in the other direction , collide with sharpe , who 's come up the stair . edith who be that -? oh , my God , Thomas - who , * in God 's name be that woman ??!! who else be in this house ? sharpe shhh , edith - Lucille 's nowhere to be - edith not Lucille ! someone else , just now ! and - ( point ) - she come up on that - you see it come up , the elevator ...! sharpe put he hand on she shoulder and smile . sharpe edith , please - calm down - I have no idea what - edith look - it tore my blouse , I feel it ! sharpe what have you do ? good lord . here , let I show you something . come - he lead she into the elevator cab . point at a mirror on * the back wall inside the cab . sharpe ( cont 'd ) a rusty silver mirror - rotting away , that 's all - and you , my darling , without you glass ! ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) edith look at she reflection . edith no - that 's not it . Thomas , I - I be scared - sharpe shh - shh - come . int . elevator - continuous 48 . on board the lift , sharpe close the glass door and move the brass lever downward . as they slowly descend : sharpe now . this thing have a mind of its own . in fact , I prefer the stair . in we mother 's day , it be operate by half a dozen servant in the basement , haul on rope . Lucille have it motorize and it 's be quite a comedy ever since . through the glass panel , edith can see the foyer come up under she foot . edith I want to leave , please . this - this be one of that place , I can feel it - a container , full of soul in pain , hateful creature ... sharpe ah - you love affair with ghost . here , in the very house where I grow up ! I should be offended - * * he center the lever and the elevator gently stop . he open the door , revealing the dark shape of another woman . edith leap back - ! int . foyer - continuous it 's Lucille sharpe , in glove and heavy woolen , muster * a chilly smile . lucille there you be ! the two weary traveler . so , edith , welcome to cloud top. hullo , Thomas - why do not you have a fire go !? ( continued ) continued : 49 . sharpe we have only just arrive , my dear . where have you be ! Lucille throw off she cape and shake off some snowflake . lucille in strathney . you machine part be here from Birmingham . four crate - Fraser need you to arrange for delivery . I stop at the Post Office , too . ( back to edith ) you have a letter from Boston . go on , open it . ( inspect the envelope ) it 's from a Mr. Ferguson . you solicitor . I mean , lawyer , do not I ? sharpe not now , Lucille , I beg you . give we a moment - edith 's in a state . as Lucille hang up she winter clothing : edith cover lucille why be that , edith ? what 's happen ? thomas she see something - a shadow , a reflection - lucille ( to edith ) and it tore you dress ? thomas as you see . it 's a presence , be I right , darling ? ghost , shade or whatnot , whose soul be imprint within the wall . store there , if I understand correctly . she face with she hand , feel a fool . edith ( brace up ) piffle . I have go mad . it never happen . lucille you be overtire - after such a long journey ..? edith not a bit . ( continued ) + eh % +e * hf * % 50 . continued : ( 2 ) lucille you be miss you father , then . my condolence on he pass - so tragic . edith I need a proper welcome , that 's all ! here , Lucille - give I a kiss . she embrace she sister - in-law . edith ( cont 'd ) ( kissing Lucille ) from this day forward , this house will contain nothing but warmth , friendship and love . I hereby banish all shade of melancholy . away , you ghost . begone , dull care over edith 's shoulder , sharpe lock eye with Lucille . lucille hear , hear . and congratulation , edith . what a beautiful bride you be . prelap : the note of a chopin nocturne ... int . library - night in a raise bay in the sharpe library , Lucille be seat at a grand piano , play with she usual concentration . sipping a brandy , edith stroll around the magnificent double -height room , which be crowded with book and glass cabinet . oil portrait stare down from the wall ; stuff animal mingle with other souvenir of a well - travel family . a stain - glass window bear a family coat - of - arm : " semper pertinax . " sharpe do you like it ? edith I do ... it 's almost a church ... sharpe I spend my childhood in here . the dog trot into the room , go directly to edith . ( continued ) * % he hhh HH of * % 51 . continued : edith Lucille , what be the dog 's name ? I seem to have a new and faithful companion - Lucille 's eye be close as she play the chopin . lucille the dog ... have no name . it 's a stray , we have no plan to keep it . the dog lead edith to a stack of german book on the floor . she pick one up and look at the flyleaf . edith and this book ... be in german - ? Lucille stop she piano play . lucille that book belong to a house guest . do you read german , edith ? edith a few word , that 's all . lucille ( to sharpe ) I have be want to donate they to the local library , have not I , Thomas - ? no reason to keep they here . insert the bookplate read : von der sammlung von eleanora Schott . below , the woman 's signature , in a elegant , Continental hand . and the year , 1897 . back to scene edith sniff the book , note the scent of perfume . edith and the piano ? Lucille , be this where you learn to play ? lucille not really . I be send away . we both be , in actual fact . separate . edith be puzzle ; she look at she husband . ( continued ) * % * +e * hf 52. continued : edith but why ? such a cruel thing - whose idea be that ? sharpe the estate 's executor in carlisle . after mother 's death . he guide she to a oil painting of they mother - lady sharpe - over the fireplace . it 's a high - quality portrait of a impose woman in pearl , silk , a ivory cane and pince - nez glass . sharpe ( cont 'd ) you see ? a famous beauty in she day . silence as edith frown , remember the apparition she see in the foyer . this be the same woman . a soft moan fill the room . edith ( look around ) what in God 's name ...? sharpe ah , that . some of the mine tunnel run directly beneath the house . when the wind pick up , the chimney form a vacuum - ghastly , be not it ? edith can something be do about it ? I have have more than enough scare already , thank you . sharpe it 's no use . I can remember cry every time I hear it , when I be in this room as a child . lucille it never bother I . you know , I be the practical one , like mother . edith look back at the portrait . edith Lucille : you look so like she . lucille ( burst out laugh ) what a imagination you have , edith ! ( more ) ( continued ) 53 . continued : ( 2 ) lucille ( cont 'd ) Thomas , be not that funny ? I look like she ... edith May I ask , how do she die ? sharpe a seizure , here at home . edith and you father ? be he already dead ? sharpe * yes , father die when we be very small . edith how sad , for both of you ! just think how * happy he would be to see you now , all grow * up with a blush bride at you side . * she kiss he , then realize that Lucille have leave the room . CUT to : int . bedroom - night sharpe poke up the fire , then get into bed , where edith be * propped up on pillow , read ferguson' letter . sharpe what do he say ? edith probate be almost complete . the house and its content be sell . the bank papers will be send for my signature . ( kiss he ) I have be practice my new signature . " edith sharpe . " be it a good author 's name , Thomas ? or should I publish under cush , what do you think ? sharpe I think you would better finish the book . then you can decide what you admirer should call you . more kiss ; soon they be make love on the canopy bed . 54 . int . lucille's bedroom - same Lucille lie awake in she bed in a room down the hall , listen to the moan of the lover . ext . house - day * a dull , gray day . behind the house , a prominent , rocky hill , * denude of tree , jut skyward . * edith ( v.o . ) * " dear Mr. Ferguson : thank you for you * recent letter . upon receipt of the * document , I will execute the signature * copy and send they back to you * office . " * int . bedroom - day * in she nightgown , edith 's at the desk , write a letter . * edith ( v.o . ) * " at which point all the stock * certificate , bond and liquid asset * should be transfer to the account of Lady edith sharpe at the Royal Bank of carlisle . " still in bed , sharpe stir , sit up and look at edith . with he rumple hair and sleepy grin , he look like a impish boy . sharpe edith : it 's far too early for any of you pen push . you must at least wait . edith wait for what , my love ? sharpe draw back the down quilt , invite she to return to * bed . sharpe for further inspiration . come . edith lay down she pen and go to he . 55 . ext . village STREET - day horse-drawn farm wagon and local pedestrian crowd the town center on a cold , wet afternoon . sharpe steer he car to a stop outside a freight office in the high street . as a shipping agent appear to usher he inside , edith and Lucille exit the car . Lucille disappear into a adjacent dry good store . edith head for the post office across the street . int . post office - day at the counter , the postal clerk affix a stamp onto edith 's reply to Ferguson . as edith count out some coin , the clerk note she name on the return address . postal clerk you be Lady sharpe , then ? forgive I , mum , but there 's a letter come in for you just this morning . he disappear for a moment , then return with a envelope . handing it to she : postal clerk ( cont ’d ) all the way from Germany . edith frown , look at the address , write in a elegant cursive hand : Lady E. sharpe poste restante , strathney cumberland , United Kingdom postal clerk ( cont ’d ) be there anything the matter , mum ? edith be examine the postmark : leipzig . edith no , nothing at all . thank you so much . she tuck the letter into she handbag , then see a happy sharpe wave to she from the barn- like freight depot across the street . a % he hhh fh HH HH hk % 56 . int . depot — day at a load dock , sharpe proudly show edith the content of several OPEN crate . pack in sisal , gleam gear , axle and hose . edith Thomas ! be that the ore drill - ? sharpe it will be , once I put it together . I be have the bit fabricate separately , in Glasgow . the shipping agent approach with a bill . shipping agent if you will just sign here , Sir Thomas . as sharpe sign the paper : shipping agent ( cont ’d ) will you be want it this afternoon , then ? sharpe ( nodd ) yes , please . and think lucky thought , Mr. Fraser - the sharpe mine might be - open if this thing cooperate . the man nod and withdraw . sharpe show the bill to edith . sharpe ( cont 'd ) I never have enough money to get this far . now , thanks to a certain gentleman in Boston - edith Boston -? sharpe - who shall remain anonymous - edith no ! you find a investor ? tell I ! sharpe in good time , my darling , all will be reveal . suffice to say that meeting you make all the difference . ( continued ) a * * % + h fh HH hf % % + eh 57 . continued : dr . mcmichael ( v.o. ) ( prelap ) as the body die - as its organ shut down ... a weight change occur . it lose exactly 21 gram . CUT to : int . boston medical school / operating theatre - day dr . mcmichael people of faith claim this be the weight of the soul leave the body , but I urge you , as man of science , to dismiss such a notion . the Doctor lecture in a operate theatre , where a body lie before he , flay open . in the gallery , dozen of student take note and make sketches . dr . mcmichael ( cont 'd ) physical humour evaporate , secretion leave the body through open pore - that and the air , leave the lung ... this be what you must look for , gentleman . not faith , not magic , just science . camera singles out a man seat among the student : the lawyer , Mr. Ferguson . as Dr. mcmichael see he : dr . mcmichael ( cont ’d ) we must question every detail before we ... int . gentleman' club tea room - day tea be be serve to Dr. mcmichael and Ferguson . ferguson it all seem to have end well enough . edith seem to have find happiness , do not you agree ? dr . mcmichael I have not have a word . ferguson damn , that 's a shame . ( pause ) well , I have . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 58 . ferguson ( cont 'd ) nothing personal , of course . per she instruction , I be liquidate all the family asset . dr . mcmichael be you really ? ferguson quite unusual . she may be invest every penny . that iron mine of he - ( speak quietly ) if I might confide -? Dr. mcmichael put down he tea , lean close . ferguson ( cont ’d ) before cush die , he hire a New York man , a Mr. Holly - very hard to track down . he dig up unsavory fact , haunt place not suitable for a gentleman . the very fact that Holly be involved give I pause . dr . mcmichael I be not sure I follow - ferguson cush be no fool . and he like you , Doctor - he do . he always mention you as someone worthy of he trust - and he daughter . Ferguson write something on the back of a card . ferguson ( cont ’d ( cont ’d ) now , it 's clear that cush have he doubt about sharpe . I myself would love to visit edith - wish she the best . see as I have she address ... he pass the Doctor the card . ferguson ( cont ’d ) but I be old and tired . a trip like that require some stamina ... ( beat ) if you be the man cush believe you to be ... you should be the one make that house call . CUT to : 59 . ext . house - day a steady snowfall be transform the vast landscape . a couple inch have already cover the house and its many gable . int . bathroom - day steam billow in the vast tile bathroom as edith wait for the tub to fill with hot water . she open the envelope from leipzig and find a letter write in german . edith ( read ) " mein liebe Eleanor ... " puzzle , she set it aside , drop she robe and get into the bath . gazing at the wedding ring on she finger , she grow dreamy , until ... -..- she see a fly crawl on the window pane . a sudden rasp at the door make she jump - but it 's only the dog , scratch . it enter and sit ... then turn its head as the fly zoom past . SNAP ! the little dog 's jaw click shut on the insect . gulp - down it go . the dog 's pink tongue appear , lick its chop . edith laugh . int . kitchen —- day in the cavernous , skylighted kitchen , Lucille be at the stove , which be as large as a hay wagon . edith enter , the dog in she arm . edith good morning , Lucille ! lucille good morning . I have make porridge , if you will eat it . edith but that 's awful , Lucille - ! I mean , you make my breakfast ! here , let I do something . ( continued ) * 60 . continued : she put down the dog and head for the stove . lucille no . and I prefer the dog be keep out of the kitchen . * edith scoot the dog into the hall , close the door and smile politely . edith there . go . where be Thomas ? * Lucille 's eye look tired and distant . lucille in the garage , assemble that thing of * he . * edith Lucille , do not tell I you be a skeptic . % lucille it 's a pipe dream , a utter waste of money . I long ago accustom myself to the reality of we situation - Thomas never have . do you prefer coffee or tea ? +e * hf edith Lucille , I will not have you cook my meal * and do for I in any other way . believe it or not , I know my way around a kitchen . pause . then , Lucille nod in understanding , brush back a lock of hair . lucille forgive I , I be a sour old thing in the morning . let I warn you , however : there 's more than enough work here for everyone - no servant - we can not afford they . edith soon , we will . Father 's asset be be * transfer here . with a house this grand , that money will be put to good , practical use - I think he would be pleased . edith check the fire under one of the cast-iron platter . she pick up the coal scuttle . ( continued ) 61 . continued : ( 2 ) edith ( cont 'd ) so . where 's the coal keep ? no answer from Lucille , whose face have again grow stony . lucille edith . do you tell my brother about this bank transfer ? edith ( nodd ) it be in Mr. Ferguson 's letter ... Thomas have not mention it ? * lucille ( dry ) no . not a word . CUT to : int . corridor - moment later edith come down a gloomy , frigid corridor behind the kitchen . a dark shape dart out at she foot : the dog again . it follow edith to a small door , the entrance to the coal shed . * int . garage —- same in the cavernous garage , Thomas be crouch beside a steam boiler , fitting a hose to a pressure gauge . the senile shepherd finlay be there , too , sit among the crate , sing to himself as he polish a flywheel . + eh * Lucille enter , wrap up in a shawl . sharpe look up , surprised . sharpe where be she ? lucille you and I must talk . we keep nothing from each other , be that not so ? int . coal shed - day coal be pile up against the rough wooden wall of the semi - detach storage shed . frost cover the single small window . ( continued ) 62 . continued : edith shiver ; she can see she breath . there be cobweb everywhere , all of they dot with dead fly . with a shovel , edith fill the coal scuttle ... then turn to go . no dog now . edith where be you ..? come , doggie ... a sigh shake the spider web ; dead fly drop to the floor . in a matter of second , it grow dark . edith look out the window - at a night sky with scudd moonlit cloud ..! disbelieve , edith turn around ; a cloud of white vapor * hang in the air . voice still here ...!? edith backpedal as another sinuous strand of vapor gather * before she . voice ( cont 'd ) stupid creature ... edith grab a handful of coal dust and fling it . the black particle settle on a young woman' face hover in midair ! the mouth be move even as the glitter eyelid stay shut . face ..- leave ussss - ! a clang as edith drop the coal scuttle and trip on a board . she fall heavily - and look up as ... --.- coal dust swirl and rain down upon she . * int . garage - moment later * Thomas and Lucille 's conversation be interrupt by barking . the dog charge into the garage , follow by edith , whose * hand and dress be filthy black . * she hurtle past brother and sister to the rochet - schneider motorcar . sharpe manage to stop she , but she tear free , * intent on get behind the wheel . * ( continued ) 63 . continued : sharpe edith -! edith , what be it ..!? he forcibly turn she around ; she eye finally focus on he . then she look around the garage , become aware of where she be . finlay ( doffing he cap ) gute tag , gute tag , alle ... int . bedroom —- day edith have take refuge on the bed , hide like a child under the quilt . sharpe be seat alongside she , hold she hand . sharpe you hand 's like ice ! be you run a fever -? look at I ... ( see she face ) what in God 's name - ? she sit up and hug he . edith Thomas : I see a face - a woman , she be alive , not a shadow , not trick of the light - sharpe whose face ? ( concerned ) edith - shh , I be here . do you recognize she ? be it someone you know ? edith no , no - it be - a different woman this time . young. blind . in moonlight !- a tap at the door and Lucille enter , carry a breakfast tray . edith cling to sharpe , try to regain control of herself . sharpe ( aghast ) blind , you say ? edith ( nodd ) I know this much ... Lucille set the tray down on the bed . ( continued ) * 64 . continued : edith ( cont 'd ) ( shudder ) it want I out of here . hand shaking , edith take a sip of tea . lucille nonsense , my dear . you arrival have bring we hope . * edith * what about I ? if I can not tell what 's * real , how can I stay here ? * she put on a painful smile ; she hand be shaking . * edith ( cont 'd ) * * send the hysteric to Vienna . she 's ready for Dr. Freud . * lucille * never , ever . cloud top be you home now . * and as dull as it sound to the austrian * alienist , ours be a material world . that * much be indisputable . from the hallway downstairs , there 's a booming knock on the front door . a teamster call out : teamster ( 0.s. ) hello , the house ! ext . driveway - day a horse - draw delivery van have pull up out front . two workmen stomp through the snow , unload a shipment of crate and trunk . the elderly teamster doff he cap when he spot sharpe throw open the upstairs window . teamster " Morning , Sir Thomas ! sorry we be late - the road 's that bad , over a foot here and there ! finlay walk up with he sheepdog . * finlay * with more snow come ! ( to the teamster ) hello , malcolm ! anything for I ? ( continued ) continued : teamster could be , finlay , could be . we will take a look . as sharpe and the man converse ( mos ) : edith ( v.o. ) they say the arrival of my thing from home - my " goods and chattel " Thomas call they - would calm I down . I do not believe they , but I decide I must try . 65 . dissolve to : ext . verandah - later wrapped in a heavy coat , edith stand on the front porch * surround by open crate , sorting through she thing as the workmen carry lamp and vase inside . the teamster pause to give finlay a bottle of whiskey . teamster make it last , now . might not see you for week , if the road 's close ... finlay you be a godsend , malcolm ... in a box full of book , edith come upon she frame childhood draw of crimson peak . crack !!! the glass in the frame shatter . edith gasp .. the teamster look over she shoulder . teamster that 's a shame , mum . there 's a shop in strathney can order you a new glass - ( notice the caption ) " crimson peak " ?! edith ( recover ) as a child , I - I have a active imagination . this mountain have to be red , red , red - fascinate , finlay seize edith by the arm and eagerly pull * she along the verandah . ( continued ) 66 . continued : finlay * crimson peak ? come see ! * camera dolly with they to reveal the hill behind the * house , which be now snow - cover and glow like a immense * ruby in the morning sun . * teamster thank you , finlay . * ( explain to edith ) Color crimson on account of the ore leaching up from below . in summertime , it 's more of a orange - like , but by Winter the snow turn blood red . ( beat ) crimson peak all the same . that 's what we local call it - +e * hf sharpe come up , hold a couple of edith 's book . sharpe look , darling , we have the very same edition of the tale of hoffmann - * he fall silent when he see the expression on she face . teamster just a bit of break glass , sir . he indicate edith 's draw behind the crack glass . teamster ( cont ’d ) quite a coincidence , be not it ? they all compare edith 's artwork to the real thing : a uncanny match . edith 's mind be racing ... back to memory of she mother 's warning . teamster ( cont ’d ) be Lady sharpe here as a child , sir ? be that it ? sharpe be look with concern at edith . edith * it 's a coincidence - nothing more -— sharpe a bless , then . a bless . not a coincidence . ( continued ) 67 . continued : ( 2 ) he embrace she . but he face be troubled . * dissolve to : ext . verandah - day crimson peak be a dull , ruddy shape half hide behind a new , heavy snowfall . * camera boom down to find sharpe help Lucille into the motorcar in front of the house . edith be there to see they * off . * sharpe * ( worried , to edith ) * will you not come with we ? promise I you * will not summon forth new being from the * netherworld - * edith * shh. stop . I be go to work like a * scholar . it 's high time I get back to the * book . * sharpe then , write , do you hear I ?? you have a * whole day to yourself ! make the most of it ! as they drive off , edith wave from the bottom of the snow - cover front step . she pick up the little dog and regards the front door , open and gape as if ready to gobble she up . a gust of wind and the house moan . edith shiver , then go * inside and shut the door . int . coal shed - day edith stand in the middle of the coal shed , study the gloomy corner . silence . she load the coal scuttle , take a defiant last look around , then leave . outside , the snow be pile up . the sound of typing . * edith ( v.o. ) " my ... dear ... Eleanor ... " * 68. int . library - day the coal fire be glow . the faithful dog lie at edith 's foot as she type , translate the letter from leipzig with the aid of a german dictionary . edith ( v.o. ) " , .- why , dear cousin , will you not answer my letter ? you little Lotte must be walk and talk by now ... and still , no word of any kind . what be you English relative do to you ? " edith lift she eye . the oil portrait of the late Lady sharpe gaze down on she . among the book edith sit atop a roll ladder , just below the portrait . she moisten a handkerchief and rub it on the canvas - - expose , on the woman 's finger , a diamond ring . she compare it to the ring she 's wear : the same . the dog 's bark reach she ear . int . foyer - day edith walk through the foyer , glance up ... more bark from upstairs . she find herself at the lift . on impulse , she get in and move the brass handle to " up " : clunk - the unseen electric motor whine and the cab raise she out of view . int . upstair corridor from the doorway of a wood - panele study , edith survey a workbench strewn with metal part and blueprint - all relate to sharpe 's miniature steam drill . edith smile at the chaos . 69 . a bedroom edith enter Lucille 's austere , sparsely - furnish bedroom . a frame photo of brother and sister - young , pose arm in arm on Brighton pier - stand on the bedside table . at the desk , she inspect a pile of account book , legal paper and a key ring . some of the document be in german , include a letter from a bank in leipzig . edith come upon a envelope with she name on it : " edith cush , Boston 1900 . " in the envelope : snapshot of herself back in Boston - the kodak picture take by sharpe . nursery use Lucille 's key ring , edith unlock a dusty room that once serve as a nursery . the wallpaper feature a parade of merry animal . a cradle and toy chest occupy the corner near the window . on a shelf , near a dent silver rattle and christen cup , she find a black rubber ball . the corridor in the corridor , edith hear the dog whining on the other side of a heavy pair of double door . she try the brass knob : lock . use another of Lucille 's key , she open the door onto a long - forget passageway . passageway — continuous a few snowflakes drift in from a half - open skylight . no sign of the animal . as edith latch the skylight shut , a sudden yelp ... and the dog be sit at she foot . edith there you be ! all right , little girl : fetch ! edith throw the rubber ball . with a bark , the dog take off after it , disappear into the gloom . ( continued ) 70 . continued : then , nothing . edith ( cont 'd ) come on , silly . come on ... thump ... the ball come bounce back . edith move deeper into the frigid passageway , move in and out of shaft of light from other skylight . edith ( cont 'd ) here , girl . here ..? she pass a stack of brick , large glass bottle fill with roofing nail , a old wicker wheelchair ... and finally reach a rusty iron door only three foot high . hear scratching on the other side , she kneel down and try the handle : it will not move . edith ( cont 'd ) how do you get in there ?! the scratching become intense , frenzied . edith look down and realize the dog be sit alongside she - !! flesh crawl , she gather up the dog and run . int . corridor - day reaching the double door , she glance back . something small and skeletal be come , scuttling over the floor , in and out of the light . it 's a bony hand ! the jar of nail explode ! the pile of brick tumble over ... edith slam the door and throw the lock . she back away , but , like a spider , the finger wriggle out from under the door ..! elevator down edith charge into the lift and yank the lever - and nothing happen . edith down , dammit ! down !! finally , the cab jerk , sway , and start move - ( continued ) 71 . continued : - but the hand - cover in rotten flesh - be press against the outside of the glass , riding along ! the dog thrashes in she arm , strangling in she grip . the ground floor be in sight ! but the cab drop right past itl ! edith ( cont 'd ) no ! desperate , edith pull on the control handle - to no avail . int . basement - continuous a filthy basement come into view ... shelving , can goods , a ancient washer and mangle . and the elevator keep go ... int . level - continuous ..- pass dark , abandon tunnel once active with iron miner . int . mine tunnel - continuous finally , a gentle bump as the elevator stop . the hand drop off the glass and withdraw . edith put down the dog and try the lever , but the elevator will not budge . int . mine landing edith 's grop finger encounter a light switch . she twist the knob and a few brownish bulb come on . inky tunnel be everywhere , like a enlarge termite nest . no movement , no sound except for the distant drip of water . edith start down steep , rickety step , which creak in protest . int . mine tunnel - continuous the dog trot ahead . on the rough-hewn wall hang mining tool , chain and lantern . ( continued ) 72 . continued : edith move carefully , keep a eye out for the terrible hand - or anything else . alcove in a alcove , she discover a pile of woman 's shoe . the dog sniff at they , unleash a stampede of cockroach . edith lift the lid of a steamer trunk and find ... ...a straw hat . a white cane . a woman 's spectacle with black lense . and a adorable flock of finlay 's hand - carve sheep . she examine a lace handkerchief with a embroider monogram : es . she smell it - recognize the perfume . below it , she find three album of kodak snapshot . the handwritten label on each album : " pamela upton - London - 1887 " " Margaret McDermott - Edinburgh - 1893 " " eleanora Schott - leipzig - 1896 " she remember that day at she father 's office - flashback begins : int . conference room - day cush peer at sharpe at the conference table : cushing so you come to we , have fail to raise capital in London . sharpe London , Edinburgh , leipzig - cushing where you family name seem to have count for very little . flashback end : alcove edith open the album . ( continued ) 73 . continued : they all feature Thomas and several beautiful , well - dress young women . they be young and healthy , in carriage or in formal wear . the youngest of they be blind and carry a white cane . the german woman be hold the cute little dog that have befriend edith . edith oh , my God - a thin , malevolent whisper from the darkness ... voice edith ! verstorben ! verstorben !! edith snatch up a iron bar and stride out into the empty tunnel . edith who be it ? show yourself ! no answer . edith frown : fly be buzzing . the dog start to trot forward , into the dark ... edith ( cont 'd ) ( to the dog ) no. stay - ! the dog obey . look up at she . at the elevator brush away horde of fly , edith climb the stair and throw open the door of the elevator - wait inside , a decompose young woman with a dead baby catch in she long hair ... the weep thing hold out the infant 's remain . young woman er ist gestorben -! wahrend sie wird ... edith scream and lash out with the iron bar . the figure swirl like oily smoke ... and reconfigure , its eye bulg in supplication . retreating , edith tumble down the stair . she hit the bottom landing hard - something snap !!! ( continued ) 74 . continued : she scream , she face contort in pain . somewhere , a infant be wail , a mother be shriek . mercifully , edith lose consciousness . fade out . fade in : ext . house - dusk the window glow in the swirl snow . sharpe 's motorcar be park out front , and behind it , a horse - drawn sleigh . int . bedroom - night a stolid , bearded young man gaze down on edith . it 's Dr. Alan mcmichael ! see that she eye be open ... dr . mcmichael hello , edith . do not try to move just yet , all right ? edith look around and recognize the master bedroom . a fire crackle in the grate . edith Alan - ? wh - what be you do here ? be it - dr . mcmichael easy , easy . you be go to be fine . we need just a bit longer for the plaster to dry . ( another smile ) quite a shock see I , I warrant . forgive I . sharpe and Lucille be watch anxiously from the doorway . sharpe edith , we meet Dr. mcmichael in blencathra , on he way to we . Heaven - send , as it turn out . dr . mcmichael I arrive in southampton three day ago . I should have send a wire . ( smile at they all ) but I think you would enjoy the surprise . ( continued ) 75 . continued : lucille we would have be at a loss , edith . helpless , especially in this weather ! it 's a miracle , you be bleed - a compound fracture -! Dr. mcmichael be wiping he hand , which be cover in white plaster . edith 's leave leg be encase in a hip - to- ankle cast . groggy , edith look at they , then blurt out ... edith the dog run away . I could not find it - dr . mcmichael shh - not now - edith she speak to I - lucille who speak to you ?? edith she know my name - dr . mcmichael it 's shock . she will be quite woolly - head - ( he stop , look at edith ) what be it , edith ? be you in pain ? tear be roll down edith 's cheek . her lip be tremble as she remember ... Dr. mcmichael bring a cup of hot tea to she mouth . dr . mcmichael ( cont ’d ) here . drink . as she drink , he place a small brown bottle on the night stand . dr . mcmichael ( cont 'd ) it 's a opium derivative : no more than two drop with hot liquid . once a day . ( to sharpe & Lucille ) no more than two drop , understand ? edith ( lie back ) she look at I - the ghost - and in she arm - oh , God , she be hold something awful . a dead b- ( continued ) 76 . continued : ( 2 ) Thomas freeze but Lucille cut in - lucille edith . you be mad to go down there ! the mine be ill- light and crawl with vermin ... and you use my key . and the lift . ( to sharpe ) you see ? it should be disabled , or lock - sharpe but I tell she - you remember , I warn you , do not I , edith ? lucille clearly , she do not understand or do not care - dr . mcmichael Excuse I . ( the other fall silent ) May I ask ... would you take you conversation downstairs ? I think she 's hear enough for now . sharpe I beg you pardon ? dr . mcmichael let I finish here . we must all do we best to see that she get some rest . Lucille pull sharpe by the sleeve . lucille we will leave you , then , Dr. mcmichael . with you patient . they leave . edith brushes away she tear and try to sit up . edith ( fall back ) I be dizzy - everything 's upside down ... DR. mcmichael it 's the narcotic . you may feel some nausea . have you ever break a limb before ? edith shake she head . ( continued ) 77 . continued : ( 3 ) edith smile he stop she dr . mcmichael ( cont ’d ) it be a habit of mine , as a boy . my aviation experiment . I fall off the roof twice . I spend my youth in plaster cast . ( pause ) now what 's all this about a ghost ? weakly . edith they do not exist , I know . until one day , they do . give enough time in this house , Alan , I swear , even you - with a gentle smile . dr . mcmichael no , no . a methodical drudge - a pill pusher - be just not cut out for such thing . she take he hand . edith I can not believe you be actually here . be everything all right ? dr . mcmichael I hope so , yes . I be make certain inquiry . we will discuss they tomorrow , when you be ready . edith what be you talk about ? tell I now . I can not just lie here - ! dr . mcmichael ( after a moment ) I go to you father 's club . early . at that hour , there be no other swimmer . the floor be perfectly dry . how could he slip ? and he injury ... yes , injury . I see multiple fracture . edith be look at he in horror . edith oh , God , Alan . dr . mcmichael lie back . you must get some rest . I be here to confirm a few fact - ( continued ) 78 . continued : ( 4 ) edith what sort of fact ? ( no answer ) I love he , he 's more than I ever wish for , he 's my life now - dr . mcmichael I know . I want to be happy for you . even as I worried , I have think of little else . he put a pillow under she head and touch she cheek . int . foyer -— dr . mcmichael ( cont ’d ) I be at the elgin hotel in town . Close you eye now . I will come back tomorrow and we will go over everything . night Lucille and sharpe be wait as the Doctor come downstairs . dr . mcmichael she should sleep through the night . keep a eye out for fever . Lucille hand Dr. mcmichael he hat and coat . as they walk sharpe we be ever so grateful . wo not you stay here , with we ? the road be awful - we have more than enough room ... dr . mcmichael thank you , no . I have some business in town . contact I immediately if there 's any change . to the door : sharpe I be only sorry that you have to see she like this . really , she 's take to life here in the hill . for all she big city upbringing , she say she 's never be happier . she 's thriving , believe I . dr . mcmichael I believe you , sir . you be a lucky man . 79 . ext . the sharpe mansion - night snow be still fall . Dr. mcmichael climb into he sleigh and guide it down the driveway as Lucille and sharpe stand at the door , watch . they go inside and slowly close the door . prelap piano : one of liszt 's Transcendental Etudes . dissolve to : int . library - night Lucille 's at the piano , work she way through a especially ferocious passage . int . alcove - night Far underground , sharpe enter the darken alcove . hear a whisper , he hold he lantern high . a ambiguous shadow undulate over the wall , then onto the ceiling -! startle , sharpe press himself into a corner , but after a moment , he frown , see that one of the trunk be open . as be the photo album within . he flick through snapshot of himself embrace the beautiful german woman with a pudgy baby in she arm . more photo : the two kissing on a forest path , push a baby carriage through the main plaza in leipzig . int . mine shaft - moment later sharpe drag the steamer trunk down a tunnel to the edge of a open pit . he kick away a guard rail , then tip the trunk over . it fall ... -.- and fall ... and fall . dissolve : int . bedroom - morning edith open she eye as sharpe enter , push the wicker wheelchair . Lucille follow , carry a breakfast tray . ( continued ) continued : he sit down she . Lucille 80 . sharpe good morning , my love . look what we find . it be grandfather 's . in the wheelchair and roll himself over to park the tray on a bedside table . sharpe ( cont 'd ) I use to play with it . he must have be over six foot tall - far too big for you . lucille so. do you sleep well ? edith I never move ! lucille good : now try to eat something . Dr. mcmichael 's order . she pour a cup of tea and add four drop from the brown bottle . sharpe count they with she : too many . they eye meet - lucille ( cont 'd ) I have make porridge , as usual . and a fresh pot of tea . here . Lucille place the tray in front of edith , who begin to eat the cereal . edith tell I . be there other child live here ? within the last few year ? sharpe no , there be no - lucille ( swiftly ) yes . yes , one of the housekeeper have a baby . it die . they both die , actually . after leave the country , more than ten year ago - edith be she name eleanora Schott ? lucille precisely . she be a german woman , highly educate . of course you remember she , Thomas . how finlay adore she . ( continued ) 81 . continued : ( 2 ) they eye be rivete on the cup of tea . they watch as edith bring it to she lip - pretend to drink . sharpe I do remember , yes . edith her thing be here in the house . I see a book - but the date be 1897 ... just three year ago . sharpe she leave everything when she return to leipzig . but you must have misread the date . edith replace the cup on the saucer ; the tea be untouched . have another spoonful of porridge ... again , edith brother . edith and pamela upton ? Margaret McDermott ? who be they ? lucille my piano student . for a moment I think I might be cut out for teach . it be a disaster , I be sorry to say . sharpe this house be full of memory . so many of they unhappy ... we should not talk about they . pretend to sip some tea . Lucille glare at she lucille ( to sharpe ) then let 's get out of this room and let you darling invalid enjoy she breakfast in peace . come . as she propel she brother toward the door , edith pour the cup of tea into a flower vase next to the bed . not a moment too soon - sharpe stop and linger in the doorway . as he turn back ... edith Thomas . I - I feel such a fool . snoop in the basement , dredge up sorry thing . I will not ruin everything ! I promise . ( continued ) 82 . continued : ( 3 ) sharpe no , it 's not you . this place never recover . when father die - in the library - he - die alone and distraught . he kill himself , edith . and this house die with he . edith my God - I be so sorry ! what happen ? sharpe return to she and sit on the edge of the bed . sharpe after mother 's death . he go to piece . edith reach for he . he embrace she , visibly move . edith shake sharpe ( cont 'd ) edith . be it a mistake ? bring you here - to this cold and lonely place ? she head . he kiss she gently . sharpe ( cont 'd ) it be . if you be see ghost , it 's because of I . I be sorry . edith ( study he face ) no , no . once , I would have give anything to live among spirit . to commune with they , to be brave and not run away . sharpe and now ? edith now ... I have you . send they on they way , Thomas , if you can . it be I who belong here , not they . sharpe you ... you be different . so different . edith different from whom ? sharpe everyone . 83. int . kitchen —- day sharpe place the breakfast thing next to the sink . Lucille check the teapot . sharpe she drank it - look . he hold up the empty cup . lucille maybe she do , maybe not . it do not matter . I put half the opium in the porridge . CUT to : int . newspaper office - day a managing editor lead Dr. mcmichael through a busy newspaper office . a noisy printing press be at work . managing editor we do not make we back issue available to just anybody . but see as you be a medical man ... the rear of the office be jamme with wooden filing cabinet . several employees be leaf through bound back issue . managing editor ( cont ’d ) anything ever write about that family would be in here . we have find a few thing . Dr. mcmichael examine a photo that have be set aside : a very young but recognizable thomas , sit on a pony . stand alongside , hold the rein , be a blonde adolescent girl . dr . mcmichael ( read the caption ) " Lucille sharpe introduce brave little brother Thomas to the joy of the horse ring . " managing editor Doctor , if you do not mind , at night I have the strangest numbness in my lower back - ( continued ) 84 . continued : dr . mcmichael at night , you say ? tell I all about it . managing editor it 's a tingling sensation , right down to my toe ... something else catch Dr. mcmichael 's attention . it 's a newspaper column entitle recent wedding . dr . mcmichael one moment , please . in the text : a photo of twenty - something Thomas marrying pamela upton , a fair- haire young society girl from London who wear dark glass and carry a long , white cane . dr . mcmichael ( cont ’d ) the baronet . Sir Thomas - he 's have how many wife ? managing editor have not the foggiest . I have never meet the man . on another page , another photo , more recent , of Thomas marrying eleanora Schott , a wealthy heiress from Germany . managing editor ( cont 'd ) but I daresay , you should go back . August 1872 . that 's the real shocker . the man leaf through another bound volume , this one older . managing editor ( cont 'd ) I have never hear anyone speak about it . as if everyone in the district be ashamed or pay to keep mum . I suppose the sharpes be powerful enough back then , but even so - it make the front page . dr . mcmichael dear god. managing editor dreadful business , be not it ? no photograph then - but here - ( he turn to another page ) ... the engravings be clear enough . ( continued ) 85 . continued : ( 2 ) Dr. mcmichael be speechless as look at a unseen page of illustration . dissolve to : int . mine tunnel the elevator descend and stop . edith be on board . she glide ghost - like down inky tunnel deep underground . her eye be close ; she hair billow , as if underwater . gaping hole and crack pass below she bare foot - but she float over they , she nightgown swirl . magically , edith be in a ... pentagonal room -..- where fly be buzzing . four of the five wall feature newly - laid , brick - in crypt . the fifth crypt be still open , wait for she . suddenly , Lucille sharpe step out from the darkness . although she mouth never move , she low voice be audible : lucille ( v.o . ) none of you will ever leave . you will dwell here in torment , at my pleasure . edith 's eye fly open as a shine blade pierce she neck !! a strangle , wet shriek erupt from she lip - int . bedroom - day edith wake up . weak sunlight filter in from behind the heavy drape , which have be draw tight . CUT to : int . bathroom - day edith be bent over the toilet , vomit . she straighten up and try to clear she head , pause at the sink to take a few swallow of water . she stop as she catch sight of she reflection in the mirror . ( continued ) 86 . continued : shock : she face be gaunt , she eye sink . she bring a claw - like hand to she throat , which be stain black . her tongue be black , too - edith no - no ... she brushes against a naked wraith - the walk corpse of a young woman whose face be half - hide behind a curtain of black hair . the awful thing reach for edith , but - - both she arm be chop off at the elbow ! wraith soon , I say ! ssssoon - ! int . bedroom - day again , edith wake up . this time for real . she look around , alone in she room . tremble , she fling off the bed cover and get to she foot . she 's clumsy , teeter on she plaster cast , dizzy from the ingest drug . edith Thomas ?! int . corridor - day a mutter , hideous shape be roll through the shadow of the upstairs corridor . it 's edith , in the wheelchair . weak and disorient , she stop ; she head loll ... a moan break the silence . another moan ... down the hall , sit outside Lucille 's room , be the dog . in lucille's room edith reach the threshold and push the door aside . she stand in front of a mirror . a man , behind she , kiss the nape of she neck and embrace she suggestively . she moan but ... -..se edith ! the man turn around - be Thomas !!!!! * 87. corridor gasp , edith blindly roll herself toward the stair . the dog run ahead , bark like a mad thing . suddenly , the wheelchair jerk to a stop . sharpe be there , hold she in place . she flail at he ... he fend she off , he face a picture of calm . then Lucille loom up , stir a glass of water and bring it to edith 's lip . edith hurl herself out of the wheelchair . she hit the floor with a thump , only to be roll onto she back . sharpe put a knee on she chest and pin she arm . he glance at Lucille and nod . Lucille again come close with the drink glass . she slap edith hard , then swiftly grab she nose and force the solution down she throat . gagging , edith spit the liquid at the woman 's face . edith who be you ? who be you , really ? lucille who do you think ? edith you be not he sister ! Lucille slap she again and force more liquid down . lucille I be . edith struggle , reach for the chair . she try to crawl , but sharpe kneel next to she , hold she down . fade out . black screen : silence . then , the boom of the door knocker . fade in : 88. ext . the sharpe mansion - day the snow have stop . drift be everywhere . Lucille open up to find Dr. mcmichael on the doorstep , carry he black bag and a large book - one of the bound volume from the local paper . his horse and sleigh be in the driveway . dr . mcmichael good afternoon , miss sharpe . how 's edith do ? lucille she 's asleep right now , Doctor . dr . mcmichael that 's fine . Fine . and you brother ?? lucille he 's go to the post office . he will be back shortly . dr . mcmichael I see . lucille Dr. mcmichael , last night ... do not go well . edith awaken several time , cry out . we be all of we up till dawn . dr . mcmichael if she 's in pain , I should see she - lucille no , no . she 's finally get she rest . I wonder , do you have more opium ? in the dark , we break the bottle . dr . mcmichael of course . ( pat he bag ) right in here . lucille but come inside . there 's no reason for you to freeze to death . 89 . int . drawing room - day still in he overcoat , Dr. mcmichael be seat on the sofa , decant some liquid opium into another small bottle . Lucille tend to the fire and sit opposite he , eyeing the drug . dr . mcmichael well . back home , everyone 's clamoring for some news . tell I , miss sharpe , how 's she book be go ? lucille oh , she talk of nothing else . quite the imagination , that one . dr . mcmichael a writer 's talent be one I have always envied . lucille you have a taste for fiction , Doctor ? dr . mcmichael I do . although in my experience , actual event can go far beyond one 's wildest imaginings . int . bedroom - same the bedroom be dark . lying under the cover , barely move , edith hear the distant voice , as if in a dream . edith ( raise herself up ) Alan - ? across the room , the dog be alert , tail thumping . edith look at the open door , then reach for the rubber ball on the night stand . with supreme effort , she roll it into the hallway . it almost reach the stair when the dog scamper and - bring it back ! edith ( cont 'd ) no - no ... Fighting off nausea , she again pick up the ball . throw it ... ( continued ) 90 . continued : the dog instantly go after it . but , in the hall , the animal recoil as one of the hiss spectre - pamela upton , the blind girl - spring forth from the shadow ! a dry , bony hand guide the roll ball to the step ... int . library - same Dr. mcmichael be about to give Lucille the bottle of opium , but almost teasing , he pull it away . dr . mcmichael you know , miss sharpe , I really should examine the patient before doling this out . lucille ( thin smile ) and she doctor 's order , what of they ? as I recall , he be quite insistent on rest and sedation . a moment of silence as they size each other up . suddenly , the rubber ball bounce down the stair and into the room . the dog follow , bark happily . dr . mcmichael ah. someone 's awake . he pocket the opium vial and exit . int . bedroom —- day Dr. mcmichael stride into the bedroom and draw back the curtain , revealing crimson peak . he sit at edith 's bedside . dr . mcmichael there . now - if you will just look at I . edith gaze into Dr. mcmichael 's eye ; he check she pupil , then take she pulse . edith help - help I - take I away ... Dr. mcmichael pick up the brown bottle , check the liquid . dr . mcmichael yes . but not now . you be in no shape - ( continued ) gl. continued : edith now ! you must -! you do not understand -! I can walk ! dr . mcmichael you can not . edith the wheelchair , then - Lucille appear in the doorway . Dr. mcmichael change he demeanor . dr . mcmichael ( to Lucille ) she 's show sign of anemia and exhaustion . I be go to take she to a hospital - lucille that will not be necessary . dr . mcmichael miss sharpe , under the circumstance - lucille Doctor , we appreciate everything ... you come here so fortuitously , do what you can . but we have decide to seek the assistance of a bone specialist . dr . mcmichael you do not mention anything before - lucille I do not want to trouble you - or appear unkind . a osteopath be come from London . tonight . dr . mcmichael be he , now ? lucille in fact , my brother have go to fetch he at the station . dr . mcmichael then you will not mind if I stay and make he acquaintance . a noise from outside signal the arrival of a motorcar . Lucille hurry away . ( continued ) 92 . continued : ( 2 ) Dr. mcmichael immediately take edith by the arm . dr . mcmichael ( cont ’d ) all right . show I you can stand up . int . foyer - day Lucille open the front door . sharpe be already out of he car , alarmed at the sight of Dr. mcmichael 's sleigh . sharpe ( see Lucille ) how long have he be here ? lucille half a hour . he will not leave . sharpe I will deal with he . sharpe hand a large postal envelope to Lucille as he head for the grand staircase . sharpe ( cont 'd ) here . from she solicitor . and the Boston bank . Lucille pull a thick wad of papers and contract out from the envelope . int . bedroom - same sharpe enter the bedroom and find edith seat in the wheelchair . Dr. mcmichael stand behind she . dr . mcmichael good afternoon , Sir Thomas . we be just go . sharpe leave she be . Lucille come alongside she brother . she 's hold something in the fold of she skirt . dr . mcmichael do you know the brathwaite Daily ledger ? " the newspaper of record for northern cumberland . " I have borrow some back issue . ( continued ) 93 . continued : he kneel next to the wheelchair , so edith can see . he open the book of old newspaper . dr . mcmichael ( cont 'd ) ( to edith ) edith . it seem that you mother - in- law , Lady edwina sharpe , be murder , here in this house . edith stare at he in puzzlement . then she look at the open book . headline : " axe murder at sharpeton . " camera linger on a detailed steel engrave depict a butcher woman in the library downstairs . dr . mcmichael ( cont ’d ) no suspect be ever arrest . sharpe do you understand what I say ? leave . dr . mcmichael ( turn ) you , Sir Thomas , be only thirteen at the time . after question by the police , you be send off to board school in Surrey . ( to Lucille ) you story , Lucille , be less clear . a convent education in Switzerland , it say . lucille ( to sharpe ) what be you wait for ? dr . mcmichael a entire paragraph describe the condition of the body as it be find . a grisly thing , a hatchet or something similar . thirty blow - lucille enough - bamm !!! she dart forward and stab Dr. mcmichael in the neck with a bone knife . edith scream !!! the Doctor arch back , the knife jutting from under he ear . he stagger out the door , struggle to remove it . ( continued ) 94 . continued : ( 2 ) edith be on she foot , reeling , try to catch up . sock ! Lucille smack she back into the wheelchair . ext . the sharpe mansion - day bleed profusely , the Doctor grope he way down the ice - cover front stairway . he finally pull out the knife , then slip and fall . the knife bounce off the stone step . Rolling over , he see Lucille come - calmly pick up the knife . then sharpe be there , follow by the excited dog . the Doctor scramble backwards , clutching he wound . he point at Lucille . dr . mcmichael who be she , sharpe ? where do you find she -? Lucille hand the knife to sharpe . lucille ( to sharpe ) you do this !! get you hand dirty for a change ! dr . mcmichael edith ... will not die here . not she . numb , sharpe stare at the knife in he hand . lucille ( to sharpe ) I will deal with he , you say -! you have never do anything for we - look at you ! dr . mcmichael she 's stronger than both of you . Lucille push sharpe forward . lucille do it !!! sharpe close in on the wounded man and stab he in the gut . sharpe I be sorry . I be sorry . ( continued ) 95 . continued : he twist the knife , digging deeper . the Doctor twitches , groan and go still . the dog , tail wag , lick at the fresh blood on the snow . repulsed , sharpe turn away . int . the sharpe mansion - day Lucille and Thomas drag Dr. mcmichael into the elevator . Lucille go through the man 's pocket and retrieve the opium . then she step out , and Thomas take the elevator down under the house . once he 's go , Lucille bring out the knife and turn toward the dog . lucille ( sweetly ) come here , doggie . come along , see what I have . int . crypt —- day camera follow a bloody smear along the floor of the mine tunnel to the brick crypt , where sharpe be stuff Dr. mcmichael into a dark corner . he toss the Doctor 's black bag and the bound book of newspaper onto the body and leave . for several second , all be still . then , very slowly , the Doctor 's eye open . he cough and a surge of blood roll over he chin . int . bedroom —- day Lucille appear at the bedroom door ; in she bloody hand , a coil of rope . she toss the rubber ball at the back of the wheelchair . lucille there . I just put a poor creature out of its misery . it be miss its mistress , a certain german woman . she jerk the wheelchair around : empty . she check the bathroom - edith be go . Lucille throw open one of the window and look out front . no horse and sleigh ! ( continued ) 96 . continued : lucille ( cont 'd ) Thomas ! ! CUT to : ext . village STREET - day a whip crack ... the horse -drawn sleigh yaw into view , skid down the abandon main street of sharpeton . edith haul on the rein , stop at finlay 's hovel . edith Mr. finlay !! she get down from the driver 's bench , barely able to stand . gripping a tumble - down fence for support - edith ( cont 'd ) Mr. finlay -? finlay 's sheepdog appear in the doorway . int . hut - continuous edith hobble inside and look around . the hut 's a mess ; a meagre coal fire be smoking on the grate . her foot knock a whisky bottle across the floor . edith wake up ! come on - she shake a lump in the bed ... it 's a pile of old clothes . suddenly , finlay be stand in the doorway and cradling one of the lamb . finlay that sleigh out there ... it come up from town . edith yes ! that 's right ! take I to town , Mr. finlay !? can you do that ? finlay straightaway , I can . as you say , my Lady - jawohl und schnell ! edith be near to fainting ; finlay grab she before she black out . ( continued ) 97 . continued : finlay ( cont 'd ) * where 's Sir Thomas , then ? you need help . ext . hill - day edith 's eye open ; she 's back on the sleigh , with finlay * drive now . the horse trot along smoothly ... they be make good time . she glance behind - no one 's follow they . edith Mr. finlay - I be not eleanora Schott . * fraulein eleanora ... do you understand that ? she 's dead . three year ago ... finlay * ( nodd ) I save a lamb for the baby . she be name Mary , after all . edith you see this baby ? they show you ? finlay * bear in the house , she be . they should have name she hope . that 's what I say , remember ? I sit outside , I hear you cry . ( look ahead ) almost there - edith ( confuse ) where ? finlay * Home , my Lady . whoa -— ( he haul on the rein ) Da kommen sie . you will be all right now . * sure enough - a car horn from up ahead . it 's sharpe and Lucille , in they motorcar . come down from the road to the house , close in on they . CUT to : ext . the sharpe mansion - day the motorcar be park in the driveway . finlay be go . * ( continued ) 98 . continued : sharpe and Lucille drag edith up the front step ; at the top , she manage to tear free . edith ( to Lucille ) you - you - you be he wife , be not you !?- lucille why do you say that ? because of what you see ?? two monster , naked on the bed ? tell she , Thomas . tell she - sharpe calmly walk toward she . sharpe edith . I be afraid she be my sister . flail at he , edith lose she balance and slide all the way down the step ! she wind up on she back , she break leg splay out . she scream with fresh pain . int . bedroom —- day edith be tie to the bedpost . like a animal , she tug repeatedly at the rope , finally freeing one arm . her wrist be rubbed raw . she lift the sheet and look at she break leg ; a red stain be seeping into the white plaster cast . as she begin to untie she other arm , Lucille enter and react . lucille still the clever one , I see . that 's fine . here , take this . she hand edith a gold - nibbed fountain pen and plop a heap of paper before she . edith recognize the document from Boston that will transfer she fortune to the local bank . lucille ( cont 'd ) no need to read they . just sign . see edith 's hesitation - lucille ( cont 'd ) what be you wait for ? you have nothing to live for . he never love you . any of you . he love only I . ( continued ) 99 . continued : edith that 's not true . lucille it 's indisputably true , my dear . the woman we find - in London , Edinburgh , leipzig - edith - Boston . lucille yes , Boston - all have what be necessary : money , foolish dream and no live relative . mercy killing - all of they . very well , there be love - one -side , always - we specialize in provoking it . edith and you mother ? you kill you own mother ... lucille ( mild ) she catch we , one day . we be a bit young , I suppose , but it have start and we could not stop . I do kill she . to put a end to she scream . Lucille collect edith 's unfinish manuscript from the foot of the bed . lucille ( cont 'd ) I be send away . to a institution - she move to the fireplace and start throw the page into the fire . the burn papers fly up the chimney . lucille ( cont 'd ) I be only seventeen year old ! the world be inhabit by monster , uncomprehend and unworthy of pity ! edith 's not listen ; she 's look at the fountain pen , which she hold in she free hand . lucille ( cont 'd ) ( lose patience ) sign you name -! sign you name !!! will you sign you bloody name !!! Lucille kneel down on hard on edith 's break leg . ( continued ) 100 . continued : ( 2 ) lucille ( cont 'd ) no one hurt I ! no one -!! edith writhes , hold back a scream . edith stop. stop . I - I can not bear it . very well . I be ready . lucille be you ? show I . edith start signing the papers . lucille ( cont 'd ) ( inspect the signature ) good . it 's almost over now . CUT to : int . crypt - day Dr. mcmichael be sprawle on the floor , surround by the content of he medical bag . his neck be bound up in bloody cotton ; with clumsy finger , he tear strip from he shirt and wrap they around he middle . hear something , he pause . a low moan rise up from somewhere - and the house breathes its mournful sigh . caught in a sourceless breeze , Doctor look wildly around , terrify at what might come next . int . kitchen - day as sharpe fill the tea kettle , a shadow slide across the wall . startle , sharpe knock over the coal scuttle - spilling blood across the floor ! he leap away - - but the blood vanish . just scattered lump of coal . int . bedroom - day edith be signing she name on page after page . lucille there . now I want you stay on that bed - it will be just like fall asleep . there 's no pain , far from it . ( continued ) 101 . continued : edith gaze at the fountain pen clench in she fist . her hand be steady . edith what about my father ? lucille ah , of course - you have a right to know . Lucille can not hold back a small smile of triumph . lucille ( cont 'd ) such a coarse , condescending man . you should have see he face when I hit he . stab !! edith plunge the pen into Lucille 's chest ! Lucille lurch , then - wham ! - cuff edith , hard . she tear open she dress ... blood pour down she breast and rib ..! she see a frantic edith untying she other hand , try to get to the wheelchair ! snarl , Lucille kick it away , then exit , slamm and lock the door . int . kitchen - day in the kitchen , a pot of tea be steaming . as sharpe dump in the entire bottle of opium , he skin begin to crawl . he slowly lift he eye . the armless dead woman be outside , only inch from the window frame !! crying out , he grab a chair and hurl it , shatter the glass ..! Lucille burst in , hold a piece of cloth to she wound . sharpe what happen ? what do she - lucille ( push he aside ) I - I be perfectly well ! it 's you I be worried about ! she inspect the break window glass , lean outside to have a quick look around . lucille ( cont 'd ) she will take that tea from you , not I . ( continued ) continued : 102 . sharpe I see she - ! I see Margaret - ! Margaret McDermott — ( point ) - just there ! lucille you will say anything now , just to keep from go up there and do what must be do ! she slam the sign document on the kitchen table . a drop of she blood hit the top page , near edith 's signature . lucille ( cont 'd ) there . it 's do . sharpe what we be - what we have become ... we must stop . lucille why ? why now ?? sharpe because ... because she 's innocent . lucille they be all innocent !! ominous silence . lucille ( cont 'd ) have you fall in love , baby brother ?? be that it ?? have you ?? sharpe no - I do not love she ... lucille what ? sharpe I do not love she . lucille again - sharpe I do not love she , Lucille . lucille and -? ( continued ) 103 . continued : ( 2 ) sharpe I love - only you . I love- lucille only I . sharpe only you , Lucille . she kiss he and then hand he the tea . lucille then kill she . int . bedroom - day edith have drag herself to the window . grabbing the curtain , she haul herself upright . then she pull up on the sash with all she might . it move a inch ; edith pause , stare out at - - crimson peak . redder than ever . she try again . the window move some more . clack -! the doorknob turn ... sharpe enter bear a tray with the teapot , cup and saucer . edith turn to face he . edith you will tell I now : be it the money ? only that ? sharpe busy himself with pour the tea . sharpe all of that woman be alone . they have no one , no prospect . one be blind . they be sad , really ... ignorant , without talent ... killing they be almost a act of mercy - he pass she the teacup . edith and the child ? you child ? sharpe the child be unwell . its death be like that of the other . a act of mercy . ( continued ) continued : 104 . edith no . not mercy . greed . you kill for money . one after the other , you meet and marry they ... and then ... my turn come . be that it , Thomas ? no answer . she throw the poison tea in he face . edith ( cont 'd ) why ? why must we all die ? for you land , you property -? for you name ?? he turn away , wiping at he eye - sharpe no - there 's no time . I - I can not - edith tell I ! for ... she ? again , sharpe can not answer . edith ( cont 'd ) you be only a boy ... how old -? be you so alone ..? sharpe night be never lonelier , never darker than when you be a child - edith why she - ? sharpe there be no answer ! that 's the madness of it - the power of it . even now . Lucille be I - and I be she . that dark thing - she life inside I . all we life we feel it - something stronger than love or hate . she be my fate - she make I and she will destroy I . edith but not I . she put on she glass and take a few falter step . he catch hold of she arm , but she tear free . edith ( cont 'd ) I can walk -! she throw a coat over she shoulder . ( continued ) 105 . continued : ( 2 ) edith ( cont 'd ) for all you word , the truth be plain enough . you be free of she and she 's helpless without you . ( pause ) now . you be go to help I . down that stair , out the front door - then into town . they look at each other for a long moment . edith have no idea what he will do . finally : sharpe we only need to reach the motorcar . stay close to I no matter what . he crack open the bedroom door . look around ... all quiet . as they start forward - sharpe ( cont 'd ) wait ! you sign the papers - !? edith there 's no time - sharpe no ! I know she . you must get they back -! stay here . int . kitchen - continuous sharpe walk into the desert kitchen . the bank papers be still on the table . but Lucille step out from behind a cupboard , hold the bone knife . her face be contort with grief . lucille I think so . I could see it in you eye . sharpe she will live . lucille what have you tell she -? what do you promise she ??? a country bungalow ?? a rise garden ?? sweet child ?? sharpe you be not to touch she , or even get near she . ( more ) ( continued ) 106 . continued : sharpe ( cont 'd ) ( Lucille eye he ) be that clear ? answer I ! lucille and I ?? what happen to I in you happy dream ?? what happen to this house ?? to crimson peak and the mine ?? or the body down there ?? we blood - my finger , my lip and flesh . will you forget all that ?? she lower the knife , blink back tear . sharpe pick up the papers and reach out for the knife . sharpe we know this day have to come . and now it 's happen . it 's over , Lucy . she will live . but then , with a moan , the house " breathes " again and Lucille - - stab sharpe in the chest . he try to grab the knife from she , but she slashes at he hand and arm . as they struggle - int . upstair corridor - day edith lean out into the corridor . she hobble to the railing and look down past the grand staircase into the foyer below . the distant crash of glassware . a groan . at the elevator edith go to the elevator and stare at the call button . she reach for it ... but - clunk - ! the motor start ... the cab come up . edith can see a figure through the elevator 's glass panel . edith ( back away ) Thomas -? the lift stop ; the door open and sharpe be there . ( continued ) 107 . continued : his shirt be soak in blood . more blood be pool at he foot . she grab he before he collapse . edith ( cont 'd ) Thomas - he hand she the bank papers . sharpe let 's go - now - edith - a noise from below : Lucille be march up the stair , hold the knife . edith squeeze into the elevator next to sharpe . she quietly close the door and put she hand on the bloody control handle . then she wait and wait ... +..- until Lucille reach the upstairs landing . they eye meet - and edith jerk the handle to the down position ! a long , madden pause - and with a lurch , the elevator go down ! scream , Lucille rush forward ..! too late . int . foyer - continuous fearing the worst , edith watch the ground floor get closer and closer . she reach past sharpe and center the control lever . the lift come to a perfect stop . she turn to sharpe , but he 's slump over now . when she push open the door , he tumble out onto he back , dead . edith limp through the gloomy foyer to the - front door - which be locked ! lucille ( 0.s. ) where do you think you be go ? 108 . lucille in no hurry , the knife at she side , Lucille stop and look at the iron rack near the hearth . among the fireplace tool , the shovel be miss . lucille ( call out ) edith - you wish to hurt I , be that it ? very well - very carefully , she enter the foyer . lucille ( cont 'd ) - but I warn you , in this sort of business , I be far more - thunk !!! - the shovel swing out from the darkness and smack Lucille in the face , slamm she against the front door . elevator hobbling , edith make it back to the elevator . Lucille be right behind she . edith get in and jam the lever to " down . " descend , she catch a glimpse of Lucille 's flay - open face , contort in hatred . int . staircase - continuous Lucille run downstairs as fast as she can , try to keep up with the elevator . int . elevator - continuous the lift stop one floor below . edith see Lucille come . she push the lever again : down . bammm !!! the elevator door shudder as Lucille pound they . edith watch in horror as the woman crack open the door and pin edith 's face against the mirrore back wall . the flail knife cut edith 's blouse and arm , but ina second she 's descend again . there 's just enough time for Lucille to snatch off edith 's glass . slashed , trap , edith go down ... down ... 109 . int . cellar - continuous Lucille crush the eyeglass under she shoe . then she hurry on !!! int . mine landing as if possess , the elevator stop at the first mine level . edith furiously work the down lever just as Lucille again reach the door and try to pry they open !!! this time edith jab with the shovel to break the grip of the claw hand !! suddenly , the elevator drop like a stone !!! int . elevator - continuous edith shriek as the cab hurtle past dim , rocky wall ... ..- and jerk to a hard stop , four foot short of the bottom !! smash ! edith 's head crack one of the glass panel ! as blood stream down she face , she try the control handle , to no effect . acting quickly , she force open the door , drop the shovel and squeeze out the small open . int . mine tunnel - continuous edith grope she way down the stair and turn on the ceiling light . behind she , the empty cab go back up !! int . pentagonal room once again , edith enter the pentagonal room . look at the crypt , she eye beseech ... edith ( whisper ) help I ! I understand now . I know who you be ..! her voice echoe off the wall ... she hear only the distant elevator cable hum . ( continued ) 110 . continued : there 's fresh blood on one of the ledge . and on the floor , a open medical bag . but no other sign of Dr. mcmichael . elevator bleed heavily , Lucille step from the arrive lift . the knife glint as she come down the wooden step . up ahead , a woman 's skirt disappear around a corner . lucille there 's nowhere to run , edith . mine tunnel under the pulsate light , Lucille confidently stalk she prey through a maze of passageway . lucille ( weird smile ) yes , that 's the way ! do you see it yet ? she round another corner ... she victim be closer now . lucille ( cont 'd ) the end of we labor , a bottomless place where this family come to nothing . suddenly , the figure ahead stop short , unable to proceed . lucille ( cont 'd ) good . you have find it . pit the rough -edge pit yawn before they ; Lucille close in on she victim , who stand at the brink , with nowhere to go . lucille you kill he , edith . and he love you . down come the knife - only to slice into diaphanous , boneless flesh . smoke waft from the wound . the figure turn - a dead baby catch in its hair !!! it 's the ghost of the german woman , smile from ear to ear . Lucille scream , suddenly see the other dead woman array before she , they spectral body rigid , they mouth agape . ( continued ) 111 . continued : Lucille instinctively lash out with the knife - lucille ( cont 'd ) you be dead ... you be dead -! - slashing at nothing . wheezing , exhaust , Lucille realize that edith stand among they , calm and unafraid . lucille ( cont 'd ) let I pass ! edith you have make they suffer enough . lucille they be nothing ! nothing ! let I pass , I say ! edith come forward , eye to eye with Lucille . edith with you go , they will be free , all of they . hiss , Lucille raise the knife - suddenly , edith 's father be there , a plume of blood rise from he head into the air like smoke . then the shovel clang against lucille 's head !!! wield by - - edith . the blow send Lucille stumbling backwards !! her foot fly up as she disappear over the edge of the pit . a final wail as she 's swallow up in the darkness . the flicker ghost of Carter cush turn toward he daughter . his sad smile be full of love . edith ( cont 'd ) Father -!? father' ghost leave ... live . edith 's face be suddenly light by shimmer warm light ... ( continued ) 112 . continued : ( 2 ) edith ( half -blind ) wait - Father , wait ..! but its too late , he 's go . gradually , the light fade and the diaphanous woman recede into the wall . edith look down : she 's hold the shovel . edith realize that Dr. mcmichael be lean up against the * rock wall , wrap in bloody bandage ; he face be rigid in shock at what he have witness . as they eye meet ... she rush to he and catch he before he collapse . dissolve to : int . mine tunnel - later edith limp down a mine tunnel , support the barely conscious Doctor . a gust of cold air brushes she cheek . the tunnel slope upward , toward a glow of daylight . ext . hillside - day the sharpe mansion be a half mile away . Old shed and rusted mining equipment poke up from the snow drift . in the middle of the debris , a tumble - down mine entrance . edith come out and approach camera . her face be smudge , bloody , but set in determination . she cling to the Doctor , urging he on . edith ( v.o. ) as I leave the nightmare behind I , I know that peace have come to the loving soul who seek only to help I . and damnation would be the fate of the real monster of * crimson peak . * she raise she eye to the mountain , glow red under * lowering sky . edith ( v.o . ) it be here that I find myself empty yet * content with the universe . it be here - * in the cold indifference of winter , on the edge of death , that I decide to live once and for all . ( continued ) 113 . continued : snow begin to fall in big , wet flake as they make they way toward the road ... -..- and camera pull away , higher and higher . dissolve to white .