Cross of Iron ( 1977 ) by Sam peckinpah more info about this movie on imdb.com for educational purpose only fade in the credit : which be superimposed over a scene of almost unnatural beauty . a thickly wood forest which practically shut out the sunlight . all be not serene however . shot ring out -- and we be privy to a run battle between a german patrol and a band of Russian soldier . it be a desperate fight -- and several body fall . we see the face of several man whose identity we will learn later . the shoot be still go on when the credit come to a end . then -- 1 . the slope of a hill - day the camera be moving slowly up the hill . the verdancy of the hill , the intermittent cluster of daisy and dandelion be evidence of the season -- late spring . now the crest of the hill be in sight ; above it a patch of blue sky be visible . the mood be pastoral , peaceful . the camera reach the crest -- and suddenly a pair of highly polished boot almost fill the screen . the camera come to a abrupt halt . then slowly , the camera pan up from the boot to take in a carefully tailore german officer 's uniform and then the face of the german officer -- captain stransky . it be a longish face with a high forehead and light blue eye . it be a face that give a impression of extreme forcefulness , a impression underline by the thin - lipped mouth and angular chin . his hair be white at the temple , emphasize by contrast the healthy tan of he face . at the moment , Captain stransky be gaze through a stereo - telescope . his expression be grim . behind the Captain stand lieutenant meyer , a youngish , good - nature face . however , it be apparent from he expression that he have no great like for he Captain . his lip be tight as the Captain move the knob of the telescope with long thin finger . Captain stransky straighten up , lock back at Lieutenant meyer , whose expression quickly change to one of impassivity . stransky , whose demeanor be angry , say nothing , but turn to peer again through the telescope . 2 . view through telescope what captain stransky sees a patch of wood , about a square mile in area . 3 . mo . shot stransky and meyer stransky straighten up . stransky ( angrily ) incredible -- sheer stupidity . that wood should have be cut down or destroy by fire . meyer Excuse I , sir , but we retreat too hastily for any such luxury . stransky I disagree . it be a irreparable oversight , and I shall send a report to that effect to regiment . ( look at the wood , reach for cigarette case ) do you think the Russians be already in that wood ? ( offer meyer a cigarette ) meyer thank you . we 'ii know soon enough . corporal steiner be on a recconnai sance patrol . stransky drop he cigarette butt , step on it . stransky reconnaissance patrol have a way of not return . meyer steiner will be back . stransky ( angrily ) I do not ask you opinion herr meyer . meyer say nothing . we can see that he regret he impu dence . with a mixture of anxiety and curiosity , he wait to see what will happen next . the angle widen to take in a private who walk up to the Captain , salute . private Captain stransky ? Lieutenant Colonel brandt would like to see you at headquarters . stransky nod , gaze sharply at meyer , walk off , the camera trucking with he . all about he be scene of great activity . men be digging bunker and prepare position . shout fill the air . as stransky pass , he be greet by salute which he acknowledge with the briefest of nod . 4 . ext . regimental bunker a armed guard be on duty . he salute smartly as . Captain stransky come into scene , return the salute without look at the Guard , enter the bunker . 5 . int . bunker two officer be examine a map that hang on the wall . the older of the two be lieutenant colonel brandt . about fiftytwo , a gaunt gray face . the young officer be a captain . in he middle thirty , a tired expression , but he feature be intelligent . at the moment , he be shake he head . captain if we main line of resistance be at novorssysk , what be we do do@@nhere ? brandt ( shrugging ) we be play fire department . captain several hundred mile from the heart of the fire ? do that make sense ? the door open and a corporal announce : corporal Captain stransky . stransky appear on the threshold . brandt come in , Captain . you know my adjutant , of course . stransky of course . how be you , Captain kiesel ? kiesel awful . terrible . how be you ? brandt laugh , place a bottle of wine on the table . brandt this might cheer you up , kiesel . stransky inspect the label . stransky my respects , Colonel brandt . produce a 1937 moselle in the southernmost corner of Russia . brandt ( fill glass ) a bottle of moselle be no more absurd in this region than we ourselves . you health , gentleman . kiesel I be not go to drink to my health . my health be terrible and do not deserve to be drunk to . ( hold up he glass ) to the end of the damn war . stransky incidentally , Colonel , why do we presence in the bridgehead strike you as so absurd ? brandt look at kiesel , then turn to stransky . brandt ( ignore the question ) Captain , why do you ask to be tran ferred from France ? stransky ( laugh ) exactly what my commanding officer in France ask I . I can not stop you , he Said , since I be convinced that without you the eastern front would collapse in a matter of day . go ahead , you heroic fathead . kiesel ( quickly ) I withdraw my toast to the end of the war . to heroic fathead everywhere . stransky do not know quite how to take this , but decide on a faint , icy smile . brandt Captain stransky , be there any news on steiner ? stransky no , sir , not yet . brandt shake he head . stransky incidentally , what sort be he , steiner ? kiesel look at stransky closely . brandt a problem .... no respect , but a first rate soldier so one look the other Way . pause . stransky ( a short laugh ) of course , I have only be on this front a few day , matter of hour actually , but I see -- rather I sense -- a sort of -- well , it 's not exactly insubordination -- well , let 's call it -- a lack of respect . kiesel if I hope into a cab which get into a accident because the brake fail , I blame the driver , not the company he work for . I will say that he should have refuse to drive a cab with defective brake . stransky I be not sure I know what you mean by that . kiesel ( look at he a moment , then easily ) I do not intend to discuss polity . brandt ( angry ) you talk avout lack of respect -- low morale ..... it go hand in hand with impending defeat . stransky defeat ? I refuse to admit that possibility . kiesel ( dryly ) we will , say , Captain . stransky I do not believe that the german soldier -- kiesel the german soldier ! ( laugh mirthlessly ) in the early year they see the retreate back of the Russians too often to be frighten by he face now . the replacement , on the other hand , think every Russian be a infallible fight machine . I feel damn sorry for we poor land ser . stransky ( frigidly ) in the present state of we nation , such talk border on treason . I be a soldier and as such it be my duty to subordinate my own idea to the interest of my country . kiesel ( smile easily as he lift glass ) we be still do we duty , Captain stransky . stransky , he face white , glare at kiesel . the phone have be ringing . brandt pick it up with a snap . brandt yes ? -- what ? -- good , meyer . wonderful . what sort of shape be they in ? -- I see . ( hang up ) Lieutenant meyer . steiner be back . kiesel of course . stransky naturally , I would like to talk to he . I intend to promote he to senior sergeant on the spot . kiesel ( wryly ) most generous of you . stransky ( salute ) if you will excuse I . brandt nod . stransky leave . there be a moment 's silence . 6 . close shot brandt and kiesel brandt well , what do you think of we Captain ? kiesel ( a moment 's think ) must have the most expensive tailor in Berlin . brandt and , of course , he will not rest until he get the Iron Cross . kiesel ( toast ) get ...... not earn ? brandt , who have lift the wine bottle , find it empty . brandt oh , to hell with stransky and the Iron Cross . and you , too , kiesel . they smile at each other grimply . dissolveto : 7 . lieutenant meyer pace back and forth in a trench , outside of a bunker door . occasionally he steal a glance at a group of man who be slump in various indolent position on the floor of the trench . 8 . full shot the group of men the camera pan slowly from face to face . there be nine man in the group ( all will be identify later indi visually ) . at the moment , all look exhaust , dirty and somewhat disgust . the man , with the exception of two , pasternack and anselm , be in the same age range ( about 25 to 30 ) . pasternack and anselm be young . schnur bart be distinguished by a heavy beard . kruger by a tough weather beat visage . dorn have the look of a intellectual . steiner be extreme gauntness be what catch the eye . his face be expressionless . the other , maag , hollerbach and kern be nondescript , runofthemill face . meyer walk past the man in silence . they do not pay too much attention to he . several be smoking cigarettes . meyer look toward the bunker . the camera , follow he gaze , move toward the bunker . 9 . int . bunker lieutenant triebig be seat at the table . he be a very young , very handsome , officer . a orderly . keppler , be busy at a hot plate with a coffee pot . he , too , be very young . after a moment -- triebig be it very hot ? Captain stransky will not stand for anything but hot coffee . keppler it be practically scalding , sir . triebig good . keppler be there anything else you wish , sir ? triebig not at the moment . as keppler start out : triebig just a minute . you can keep I company for awhile . I really hardly know you . sit down some where . keppler look around uncertainly . triebig be sit in the one and only chair . triebig sit on the bed . be you always so timid ? keppler ( with a shaky smile ) no . he perches on the extreme edge of the narrow bed . triebig study he . keppler 's habitual expression be one of helplessness , accentuate by a mouth he keep permanently slightly open . triebig where do you come from ? keppler Frankfurt , sir . triebig be that so ? I know Frankfurt quite well . ( sit on the cot beside keppler ) if you get along with I , you ' will have a good life here . you may go now . come to my bunker tonight and arrange my gear . keppler ( jump enthusiastically to he foot ) yes , sir . when shall I come , sir ? triebig do not come too early . around ten . we will have a chance to talk . do you best and I be sure I shall be satisfied with you . keppler salute and goe . 10 . ext . bunker as triebig come out . the man be watch keppler as he walk off . 11 . mo . shot schnurrbart and anselm schnurrbart not a very robust type , would you say ? anselm ( the youngest of the group ) well , schnurrbart , you be so excessively masculine , it even thing up . the camera pan to triebig . he seem to sense what the man be think . a bit disconcert , he turn to meyer . triebig ( sardonically ) do you think we can get they to stand at attention when the Captain get here ? meyer ( grin ) I do not know , Lieutenant . I will put it up to they , man to man . there be some half heart laughter from the man . steiner be noticeably quiet . schnurrbart I be not get up till they want my signature on the peace Treaty . but he gee someone approach , and slowly he start to he foot . 12 . stransky approach the trench . in the b.g. the man can be see reluctantly get to they foot . triebig snap to attention as stransky come in . triebig ( a smart salute ) Captain . stransky , barely nodd to triebig , look over the man , no discernible expression on he face . finally -- stransky which one be corporal steiner ? steiner take a step forward , slackly come to attention . stransky study he -- disappointed . stransky you be corporal steiner ? steiner ( almost nonchalantly ) yes , sir . ( pause ) I be corporal steiner . stransky I have form a -- somewhat different picture of you . steiner ( unconcern in he face ) I be sorry if I disappoint the Captain . in the b.g. several of the man permit themselves slight smile , which fade immediately at a glance from triebig . stransky look at steiner again . stransky ( loudly ) you be promote to senior sergeant , promotion to be effective at once . he watch steiner 's face . it be as if he have speak to a tree . there be no surprise in steiner 's face ; only a slight flex of he arm indicate that he have hear at all . stransky you hear I , corporal -- sergeant steiner . steiner yes , sir . stransky you promotion do not seem to have make much impression upon you . steiner no , sir . there be a involuntary giggle from young anselm . stransky glare and there be silence . stransky ( to lieutenant meyer and triebig ) come in -- you , too , sergeant . he start down the step to he bunker , meyer , triebig and steiner follow . 13 . omitted 14 . int . stransky' bunker stransky be seat behind a table . steiner , meyer and triebig , slightly to the side of he , stand face stransky , who have take out a elaborate cigarette case . he extend it to meyer who take a cigarette . meyer thank you , Captain . stransky offer a cigarette to steiner . steiner no , thank you , Sir . stransky ( lighting he cigarette ) after what you have be through , you do not feel the need of a cigarette ? steiner no at this particular moment -- sir . stransky I be ready for you report . he reach into pocket , lay sheaf of crush papers on the table . stransky look at he in amazement . stransky I would like to hear the gist of you report . steiner lot of Russians . lot of gun . ( grimly ) we should be hearing from they very soon . stransky what about you platoon -- any casualty ? steiner two kill . one miss . stransky two kill . how ? steiner ( dryly ) bullet . stransky ( flush angrily ) I deduce that . that miss man -- do you look for he , steiner ? steiner ( shrug impatiently ) we have no time to lose . it would have be irresponsible to risk the safety of the entire platoon for the sake of one man . stransky there ought not to be a miss man in such a case . steiner ( no expression ) sorry , sir . I will try to do better next time . stransky ( grimly ; after a moment ) I have the feel , sergeant , that you somewhat overestimate you importance . steiner ( eye darken ; but no change in voice ) at the moment , I be free of any such illusion . the two man look at each other ; then stransky 's eye fall on the tommy gun steiner hold in he hand . stransky that 's not a german gun . steiner no , sir it 's all in the report . we surprised a Russian platoon -- and when they run , they leave they gun . stransky oh , capture material . good . where be you gun ? steiner we could not carry both , so we leave ours . stransky what ! you leave you gun for the Russians ! steiner ( quietly ) yes , sir . we gun for the Russians . stransky that I can not understand . you must be aware that the quality of we arm be far superior to that of the Russians and -- he stop as steiner shake he head . stransky raise he eyebrow . stransky I beg you pardon ? steiner ... the Russian gun be better ! stransky ( sharply ) that be stupid , loose talk . you have every reason to be grateful for the fine equipment the Father land put into you hand at the cost of countless sacrifice . steiner ( can not suppress a mirthless grin ) I never ask then to put the stuff in my hand , meyer look toward heaven . stransky take a deep breath . meyer ( hastily ) sir , sergeant steiner be greatly in need of sleep . I be positive that when he -- stransky cut he short by turn he back in a gesture of dismissal . meyer motion for steiner to follow he . 15 . ext . bunker the men jump to they foot as they see steiner and meyer . meyer be careful he 's take strong dislike to you . steiner ( wryly ) too bad . I be crazy about he . meyer he can be trouble ... steiner ( laconically ) I have survive many a battalion commander . I will survive stransky , too . 16 . int . bunker stransky and triebig at he desk , coffee cup in hand , sip . stransky dammit . this coffee be cold . triebig sorry , sir . it be heat not too long ago there be a loud explosion as a shell land nearby . the near miss have shake up the bunker . Lieutenant triebig be righting a table that have overturn . Captain stransky , girm face , be dusting off he uniform . triebig ( place some papers on the table ; feeble smile ) too close for comfort , I should say , Captain . stransky how many more papers be there for I to sign ? triebig quite a few , I be afraid . stransky ( sit down ; crossly ) let I have the junk . as he glance through the papers and sign he name . triebig watch he with he soft eye , the smile remain fix on he face . as stransky finish signing he look up , sniff the air , look at triebig rather strangely . stransky that be not perfume I smell -- be it ? triebig oh , no , Captain -- ( apologetically just a bit of after shave lotion . it -- buck I up . stransky I see . he fix he gaze upon triebig whose smile fade under the scrutiny . then , stransky 's manner change suddenly . he gesture toward a chair , try to inject a cordial note into he voice . stransky ( offer he a cigarette ) where be you station before you join the battalion ? triebig ( voice soften ) in the south of France -- bordeaux . stransky ah ! then be transfer must have come hare , eh ? ( voice casual ) why be you transfer anyway ? triebig ( after a moment 's silence ) I voluntarily apply for a transfer , sir . stransky ( suspiciously ) how interesting . there be mount apprehension in triebig 's face as stransky regards he fixedly . then again there be a sudden change in stransky 's expression . again it become friendly -- to triebig 's great relief . triebig we live in real mansion right on the beach . swim at any hour , day or night . it be indescribable -- the sea , the palm , the beach , the people , everything -- overwhelm by he memory , he stop . stransky be surprised to see he swallow with emotion . stransky ( a know smile ; wink ) the woman , you mean . triebig ( raise he head I beg you pardon ? stransky I say , the woman . I mean -- in refer to the people -- you mean , of course , the woman ? triebig ( shrugging ) not so much that . I be -- that be -- ( suddenly confuse I do not have much time to think about woman . pause . stransky ( casually ) do you like soldier ? triebig ( emphatically ) certainly . stransky ( nod patronizingly ) I be glad to hear that . triebig it 's like live in a altogether different world . the candle hag burn down . stransky rise to light another . stransky it be indeed a very different world . a world of danger and a world of man , a world without woman . ( laugh ; puff , get thoughtful ) man can get along without woman . I tell you , man 's truly natural destiny be not to breed child , but to be free , to rule and fight -- in other word , to lead a man 's existence .... woman be no more than a fancy , a superfluous dessert . ( blow a smoke ring ; look at triebig ) or do you disagree ? triebig look at stransky in some confusion . what be stransky get at . then he get a grip on himself . intertwining he finger , he regards he thumb thoughtfully . triebig I do not think I disagree , sir . ( after some hesitation ) I think that if I have to I can live without woman . stransky I be pleased to hear that . he study the burn tip of he cigarette ; then look up quickly . stransky in other word , you prefer the company of a man to that of a woman ? triebig ( greatly troubled now ) it depend on the situation . stransky really ? stransky smile . triebig do not reply . stransky if it will help you , I will put you thought into word for you . ( smilebroaden ) you prefer the society of man to that of woman in any and all situation . the word hang in the silence of the bunker . triebig be - treat into himself like a snail sealing itself up in its shell . he stare with mingle fear , assent and hope at stransky 's face which still register nothing but friendly assent . then , afraid silence might be interprete as agreement , he murmur ... triebig I -- do not understand , sir -- stransky ( smile confidentially ) let 's drop the hide and seek . by God , triebig , you do not have to put up a front with I of all people . what I say be true , be not it ? say yes , man , for heaven 's sake . triebig ( with the air of a man want to stop himself ; in a bare whisper ) yes . stransky spring to he foot , directly in front of he . stransky speak up ! you say yes . you say yes . do not you ? do not you dare lie to my face . at the sight of stransky 's enraged face , only a few inch from he own , triebig close he eye in horror . stransky shake he . triebig ( feebly ) yes . stransky ( release he ; step back ) stand up ! tremble , triebig obey . slowly , and down . stransky I can assure you of this ! if I catch you try any of that stuff , I will have you hang , remember that ! before all the man ! do you understand that ? do you hear I ? stransky look he up triebig be unable to answer . stransky now get the hell out of here and keep out of my sight for the next twenty - four hour . you turn my stomach . triebig stand immobile . stransky get out ! for a second triebig look at stransky 's distort face . then he wheel around , stumble across the threshold I end vanish . stransky remain in the same spot for a moment , then he fish for a cigarette , smile . he be satisfied with the picture of the complete military , masculine image he have present . dissolveto : steiner walk watch man digging in , go into brandt 's bunker after look up at the sky for a long moment . 17 . bunker col . brandt the door open and steiner come in . the scowl leave brandt 's face . he stride forward to meet steiner ; press he hand vigorously . brandt so here be you -- unpunctual and unsoldierly as ever . he laugh and propel steiner toward a chair . brandt ( laugh ) I read you report . it 's enormously valuable . I intend to transmit it personally to the General -- ah , one thing . Captain stransky have send in a official complaint about the gun . what have you to say to that ? steiner ( stolidly ) what can I say ? I throw away german gun to make room for Russian gun . brandt why ? steiner the Russian gun be better . I know it . you know it . the man know it . Captain stransky seem somewhat in the dark . brandt look at he . brandt you be a fresh bastard , be not you ? steiner yes , sir . brandt look at steiner and crumple stransky 's report . he offer steiner a cigarette . brandt last month I offer to pull you out of the line and give you a staff post ? steiner yes , sir --- and I remember refuse . brandt .... something about you feel of solidarity with you man . well -- I renew the offer . I want you on my staff . no answer from steiner . brandt all right -- what 's the reason for refuse this time ? steiner ( after a moment ) I do not want to be dependent on anyone -- not even a regimental commander . brandt as usual , I find it hard to under - stand you . steiner ( dryly ) I be sorry to hear that . a good sgt . should be completely under - stand by he superior officer . brandt steiner ! be you laugh at I ? ( get up ) steiner stand up and look expectantly at brandt , whose mouth twitches . brandt ( voice shaking ) get out ! steiner half salute and leave . dissolve to : 18 . close shot maag in machine gun emplacement . darkness have fall . maag be look out into the night . suddenly , a Russian sub - machine gun open up . head in the dirt . maag , frighten , try to bury he 19 . mo . shot steiner walk in the darkness . at the burst of bullet , he have drop to one knee . now , there be silence again , and steiner peer cautiously into the darkness . there be another burst of FIRE ground . then there be quickly and bound to -- bump into maag , burst of bullet . steiner ( shouting to be hear ) where be you go ? maag and steiner stretch out flat on the silence again . steiner get up the nearest machine gun emplacement who be try to get out . another ( stammer ) to -- get reinforcement . steiner ( angrily ) leave you post for that ? he push maag back into the hole . they huddle together till the Russian machine gun be quiet . then steiner peer through the loophole . a few shell whine through the air , explode nearby . maag ( gasp ) they must be right in front of we . in the Shell hole down there . behind they there be the SOUND of running feet and schnurrbart dive into the emplacement . behind he come kruger and hollerbach , and Lieutenant meyer . meyer what 's happen ? steiner the big crater on the slope be full of Russians . meyer stand frown for a few second , then : meyer ( to steiner ) signal for a barrage . kruger -- get the rest of the company . I will inform the Commander . he hurry out . steiner pick up the flare gun . back bent , he leave the emplacement . 20 . mo . shot steiner as he reach a position in the trench . he insert the cartridge in the flare gun . he send up a flare . 21 . full shot slope of hill illumined by the flare . the dark shape of the Russians be visible in the crater . then there be darkness -- then once again the landscape be illumined . the dark shape can be see burrow into the ground . 22 . mo . shot steiner he be look at he watch with bate breath . then he smile grimly as a hollow roaring sound above he head . it swell rapidly to a mighty moan and a moment later come the heavy detonation . steiner turn as he hear hasty footstep . he see meyer run past he toward the mg emplacement . steiner follow . 23 . mg emplacement as steiner slide in , follow by meyer . the man of the platoon be already assemble . meyer Commander 's order . the second platoon be to undertake a counter - attack at once . you be to occupy the crater and take as many prisoner as possible . sergeant steiner , you will command . how do you think to proceed ? steiner ( considersbriefly we will attack from three side . kruger from the west , schnurrbart from the east and I from the south . when the fire start we will need artillery support -- to keep the Russians pin down in the wood . I guess that 's all . meyer ( nodd ) good in theory ; let 's hope it work out in practice . steiner ( smile grimly ) it 's too simple ; it will never work . all right -- first platoon , down the trench till I step you . with bent back , anselm and pasternack in the lead , the man start down the trench . 24 . truck shot the men as with bent back and face taut with tension they proceed down the trench . the clatter of weapon persist . the man stop , look at each other -- some with frighten grin . anselm ( with a nervous laugh ) sergeant -- could I go make a telephone call ? a titter , totally without mirth , run through the man . steiner ( to kruger ) you and you boy stay here . steiner raise he arm . the rest of the man follow he . 25 . spot further down trench as steiner and the man come into view . steiner raise he hand in a signal to halt . then he peer over the trench , lift himself over , give the signal for the man to follow . 26 . slope of hill we see the shadowy figure of steiner and the man descend the slope . when they reach the level field steiner again give the signal to halt . steiner ( to schnurrbart ) you wait here . attack in exactly five minute -- schnurrbart look at he watch . steiner as soon as the first shot be fire , we will come in . clear ? schnurrbart ( grunt ) all clear . he shake hand with steiner , who walk into the darkness follow by kern , anselm and pasternack . 27 . truck - steiner and men trudging toward a clump of wood . suddenly , steiner drop to the ground . 28 . close shot - steiner on ground the other man have wordlessly follow he example . anselm , crawl on he belly , come into the scene . anselm ( whisper ) what 's wrong ? steiner point he head leftward . anselm follow he gaze . 29 . long shota column of dim form move cautiously through the darkness . they be no more than twenty yard away . 30 . steiner and men anselm russkis ! at least a hundred of they ! steiner be hesitant . steiner how many man have schnurrbart get -- a dozen ? they will run right over they . anselm why do not we fire on they now ? steiner that may louse up the whole counter - attack . ( bite he lip as he think hard ) schnurrbart probably will not even see they come -- he reach into he belt for flare . steiner a couple of flare -- and schnurrbart can see he 's get visitor -- then if we start shoot up they rear -- ( shrug ) maybe , the confusion -- he send up two flare in quick succession . 31 . long shot - the russian column be take by surprise . shot ring out , several fall . 32 . mo . shot - steiner and he men steiner all right -- after they . stick close together and do not save on hand grenade . ( ironically ) remember , the eye of the entire german nation be upon you . he run in the direction of the Russians , the man follow . 33 . ext . captain stransky' bunker the air be crackle with the SOUND of gunfire and heavy explosion . Captain stransky come run out of the bunker , follow by Lieutenant triebig . a private come run into the scene from the opposite direction . private Word from corporal schnurrbart , sir . the Russians have break into the trenches . triebig look alarmed . stransky ( to triebig ) take up position in front of the bunker with all the man attach to staff . I will phone the combat train . he turn and run hack into the bunker . 34 . close shot - steiner and anselm man a machine gun . they be lie on the slope firing toward the trenches . anselm we have mow they down . steiner who ? our or theirs ? 35 . ext . 2nd . platoon' bunker there be the SOUND of faraway burst of machine gun fire . hollerbach and kern be help anselm who be limping badly . behind they be dorn and kruger . all look weary and begrime . 36 . int . bunker as they come in . ( to anselm ) you be a damn fool not to go to the field Hospital -- anselm ( sink to the floor ) I will wait until the holiday rush be over . otherwise , they be just as likely to amputate as not . hollerbach do anybody still have any idea what the hell go on ? dorn ( who seem daze ) --- confusion --- confusion -- anselm I could not see anything . when something move I fire at it . probably get as many Germans as Russians . hollerbach shut up ! anselm please -- a little respect for a wounded man . steiner come in . he have a bandage on top of he head . steiner kruger , what happen to you at the signal ? kruger I be clear out the crater -- then I hear the fire from you direction -- steiner I be wonder if you be wait for a formal invitation . kruger you know what you can do with you fuckin ' sarcasm . I save you ass . steiner oh , do you ? well , you know what you can do with my -- 37 . mo . shot . at entrance to bunker as stransky and triebig come in . the man start to come to attention . stransky ( curtly ) at ease . ( to steiner ) that be a bad business . you know half of 2nd company be put out of action ? steiner yes , Sir . we platoon be hit , too . stransky why do not the plan go accord to schedule ? kruger we do not think that -- 68 . close shot - steiner he be now close enough to the beach to stand . he take a uncertain step or two to stand , then he fall , he face down in the water . he make no effort to rise -- allow himself to slide deeper and deeper into the water . suddenly gertrud 's hand come into the scene , grip steiner 's foot , pull he back . 69 . mo . shot - gertrud and steiner struggle for breath , he lie on the ground . steiner turn over on he back and look at she . there be rage and shame on he face . the blood start stream down he face again . he try to sit up . she try to support he and he knock she arm back . steiner if you do not leave I alone I will smash -- he stand up , take a few step to meet the income surf , bend , scoops up a handful of water , wash the blood from he face . then he turn and see that gertrud have retreat a few foot up the beach , and stand watch he . the wind be blow she skirt close to she thigh . he look at she a moment , then , camera trucking with he , he make he way to she side . gertrud look at he steadily . suddenly he seize she . she struggle , wordlessly . steiner force she to the ground . with one swift movement he pull she blouse from off one shoulder . 70 . close shot - steiner and gertrud she have stop struggle . his face be close to hers . there be no resistance in she expression , but neither be there compliance . she look steadily into he eye as if there be a battle of will . roughly steiner grab she shoulder . suddenly , he release she , stand up . he watch she as she slowly sit up , rearranging she clothing . he stare at she without speak . then -- steiner ( in a low voice ) why do you follow I ? she do not answer . he shake he head slightly . steiner nurse gertrud . keep you humanitarian paw off drunken man . it might be misunderstand . gertrud ( breathe heavily you'reinsane . steiner ( laugh harshly ) we be all insane . ( he make a tiny , mock bow ) goodnight . he walk toward the blackness of the garden . gertrud turn to watch he until he be no longer in sight . dissolve to : 71 . hall - rest home - steiner have just reach he bedroom door he be about to go in , when he stop , hesitates . then he walk slowly to the next door , lean forward , listen . he glance up and down the hall , then slowly depress the latch . 72 . int . dark bedroom a streak of light come through a space afforded by the blow curtain . as steiner come in , we see inge 's shape sit up in bed . inge who 's there ? steiner ( close the door behind he ) Three guess . inge , she long nightgown trail around she ankle , he in the darkness . inge leave my room at once . steiner out of character , but very nicely say . do not worry ; I just want to ask you if you have any aspirin . approach inge come two step closer , look at he . she hesitates . as she turn toward the door , he grip she shoulder and hold she tightly . steiner be you go to turn on the light ? inge yes . steiner ( feel along she arm ) you do not need any light , take my word for it . pretend to struggle , she manipulate the nightgown off she right shoulder , a maneuver not lose upon steiner . inge let I go . I will scream . I will scream . steiner naturally , you will scream . she close she arm tight around he shoulder . when she try to kiss he he turn he face aside . he pick she up and as he carry she toward the bed : dissolve to : 73 . long shot - sunrise frame in a window . camera pull back to the interior of inge 's bedroom . inge be lie in bed . steiner be sit on the edge of the bed , he back to inge , look out the window . steiner funny -- you boast about you view of the sunset . I prefer the sunrise . inge laugh . she sit up , throw she arm around he chest . inge you know -- never once last night do you say my name . ( stroke he chest ) do not you like my name ? steiner why should not I like it ? steiner up to this moment I have never meet a girl name inge . at least not in bed . inge laugh . when steiner make a move to get up , she hold he tighter . inge where be you go ? he pull himself loose , walk to where he shoe lie , pick then up . inge , blanket up under she chin , watch he . he turn . steiner goodnight . inge ( angrily ) be not you at least go to kiss I ? he stoops and casually kiss she shoulder . inge be that all ? steiner be not it enough ? do you want to get pay ? she start up as though the pillow behind she have become a hot iron . then she throw herself face down on the bed , begin to sob wildly . steiner stand for a moment , look at she in embarrassment and some remorse . steiner ( sadly ) depend on I to say a few word to many . he walk slowly to the door , close it behind he . 74 . deleted . 75 . mo . shot - gertrud who have just come in and be talk to a man at the bar . 76 . mo . shot - steiner he sink back into he seat , look off at gertrud . then he rise and , camera trucking with he , wind he way across the floor to she . her back be to he . steiner ( quietly ) gertrud -- she turn , flush as she see he , but do not say a word . steiner I wish -- I be meeting you for the first time now . gertrud ( look at he ) I suppose that 's as close to a apology as you , can ever get -- if you will excuse I .... he make a gesture to stop she , but she brushes past he . we hear klaus ' voice . klaus ' voice rolf -- steiner turn to face klaus . klaus she 's here --! steiner ( pre-occupy ) who ? klaus you know -- ilse -- the Iron Cross tit -- steiner listen I do not want -- he have turn automatically to look toward the corner of the bar . at the sight of the girl in the nurse 's white uniform , steiner 's speech stop ; he eye narrow . 77 , close shot ilse she be look toward steiner , a expectant smile on she face . she be very buxom and very pretty in a coarse way . 78.m . shot . steiner and klaus steiner 's face be expressionless . camera trucking with he , he make he way to the wait ilse . en route he pass gertrud who , strike by the grimness of steiner 's expression , keep she eye on he as he push toward ilse . 79 . mo . shot - ilse her smile freeze as steiner step into the scene . steiner ( steadily ) good evening , ilse . she can only stare at he . steiner I can not blame you , ilse . after all , it 's be -- how long --? more than a year anyway . yes , thirteen month -- ilse ( in a very low voice ) rolf -- steiner -- and the law of average -- what right have I to be alive -- do you count on that , ilse ? suddenly , ilse let out a sob , cover she face with she hand , then turn and run toward the exit . klaus , who have stand a few pace behind , come up to steiner . klaus I must say -- it 's a strange effect you have upon woman . steiner do not answer . klaus shake he head , go after ilse . 80 . mo . shot - gertrud whose eye have not leave steiner . she watch he now as he sit down at a unoccupy table . from he inside pocket he take out a piece of paper . she see he flag a pass waiter . a brief conversation ensue between they , and the waiter lend steiner a pencil . as steiner begin to write , gertrud move slowly toward he . 81 . mo . shot - steiner at table writing as gertrud 's shadow fall across the table he look up briefly , go back to he write . without a word , gertrud slip into a chair across from steiner . after a moment , he finish write , look at gertrud . steiner I imagine you want to know what it 's all about ? gertrud no . steiner be honest . gertrud yes , I do . very much . pause . steiner it 's not too pretty a story -- and it be not very chivalrous of I to tell it . but , then , one of the first casualty of the war be chivalry -- ( look at the slip of paper ) a year or so ago I be in a hospital . in four year of war I have be in four hospital . ( harshlaugh ) some day I must get around to rating they . anyway -- ilse -- miss bauman -- decide she would be more than a nurse to I . after three day and three night I tell she to be more than a nurse to somebody else . ( look at gertrud 's face ) he be silent a moment , he face reflect the humiliation . steiner she find a way to get even -- result -- Court martial -- degrade -- six month in a penal battalion -- ( pause . hold up the paper ) now , I in tend to have miss bauman 's sign confession -- gertrud please -- do not be brutal to she -- he get up . she look at he in mute appeal . he shake he head , start out , gertrud look after he . he get up . she look at he in mute appeal . he shake he head , start out , gertrud look after he . 82 . mo . shot - bench on beach - facing the water on a corner of the bench , ilse be huddle , still sobbing . in the b.g. a figure loom . then a flashlight , in the hand of the figure be snap on . its beam illuminate ilse , who do not move . the figure , hold the flashlight , move closer , and we see that it be steiner . now he stand beside ilse , who do not look up . ilse turn it out -- I can not see . steiner snap off the light . she look up at he , she face a study in fury . ilse you stink louse . steiner ( laugh grimly ) I that what I be ? ilse ( violently ) yes . and you always be a louse . you never know how to treat a woman . steiner how right you be . and now , let I prove you point -- ( take out the slip of paper ) -- sign this . ilse what be it ? steiner you confession . ilse confession . what have I to confess ? steiner oh -- be we go to play game ? all right , I will read it to you -- ( snap on the flashlight , start to read ) on the night of May 12 , 1943 , I , ilse bauman , a nurse at the 2nd base Hospital in rostov , steal a wrist - watch from the room of corporal Karl wachtel , a amputee , and furthermore , hide the watch among the belonging of -- sgt. rolf steiner . suddenly , ilse jump to she foot , start to run , knock the flashlight from steiner 's hand . but steiner catch she in two stride . she kick he and pummel he with she fist . steiner drag she down to the water , wade in knee deep and thrust she head under . 83 . mo . shot - steiner hold ilse 's head under water . then he pull she up by the hair . steiner will you sign now ? she cough and struggle for breath . he pick she up in he arm , carry she back to the bench , dump she on it uncere - moniously . he pick up the pencil and paper and the flash - light . he flash the light on she face . Water be drip from she hair down she forehead and onto she hand . steiner maybe in bed you could cry you way out , but not here . he thrust the pencil into she hand . he flash the light on the bench so that ilse can see . with tremble hand , she sign the paper . steiner switch off the flashlight . steiner ( look at paper ) all right -- you may go now . she do not stir . steiner ( repeat sharply ) you may go now . unsteadily , she get to she foot , look at he . ilse ( tonelessly ) you be go to report I . he nod grimly . ilse oh , God . oh , God , what be I go to do ? he shrug . slowly she walk away , she wet skirt cling to she leg , head bow , shoulder twitching . 84 . close shot - steiner watch ilse go . there be no pity in he face . then , he sit on the bench , examine the paper closely . he be deep in think when there be the SOUND of soft footstep in the sand . steiner look up , gertrud stand beside he . gertrud ( quietly ) so you have what you want ? steiner nod he head slowly , look at the paper again . then he get up , walk to the water 's edge . for a moment , he hesitates , then he tear the paper into tiny scrap , toss they into the water . gertrud come into the scene , stand at steiner 's side . together they watch the scrap be carry out on the wave , dance and scatter until they vanish from sight . there be a moment 's silence , break by gertrud . gertrud why ? steiner ( shrug ; then , slowly ) I be not interested anymore in clear my name . do not matter ..... he start away . gertrud rolf -- he stop , turn , look at gertrud . 85 . close shot - gertrud as she look steadily toward steiner . 86 . mo . shot - steiner and gertrud he walk to she . without a word he take she in he arm . they cling to each other . dissolveto : 87 . mo . shot - night - crest of hill - gertrud and steiner gertrud , she knee draw up , sit face the sea . steiner sit at right angle to gertrud , he head rest on she shoulder , as he read a letter : steiner " -- well , here I be , back in dear old mother Russia , after six week in the hospital . why do no one eyer tell I before about the pleasure of be wounded ? that nice , clean hospital -- the food -- that nurse -- rather , that one nurse in particular . but why be I tell you . every hospital , I hear have that one particular specimen ... " he turn he head to look at gertrud . they smile at each other . then he resume read . steiner anyway -- " at the moment thing be quiet here , so you can be sure the russkis be prepare something big . I suppose you hear that dorn get it . we have finally persuade the professor to put in for officer train , and the very next day the russkis lob over a few shell to let we know they be still in business -- " he stop read . gertrud look at he . gertrud bad you hear of it ? steiner no . gertrud be you fond of he ? steiner the professor ? I do not know -- not particularly , I guess . ( reflect a moment ) he be a good soldier . do he job . ( pause ) I be sorry he 's go . ( back to letter ) " well , to get on to more cheerful news . we darling Captain stransky be in some sort of trouble -- " ( look up from letter ) him -- I can be more definite about . ( resume read ) " seem in the Captain 's report on the Russian action , the night we get it , he somewhat overplay he hand . his report , I hear , picture stransky , accompany by triebig , appear at the last moment among he flee man , stemm the panic , and lead the counterattack -- " ( pause ) a damned lie ! ( back to letter ) " from what I hear , stransky sit out the engagement in he bunker . Colonel brandt inform stransky that he be entitle to the Iron Cross first class for bis action , but he also point out that two witness be require . triebig , that sweet - smell skunk , naturally sign , but the signature of the company Commander be also need . since Lieutenant meyer be kill and you be then in charge , it look like you be elect . we can not wait until you get back and be ask to sign . so , do not linger by the wayside . hurry back and join the fun . keep well and watch out that they do not pick you up and stick you in some other unit . thing be suppose to be pretty hot on the main front . all the best , you old friend , schnurrbart . " steiner look out at the sea . after a moment ... gertrud you do not want to go back do you ? steiner ( pause ) not now . gertrud ( try to sound cheerful ) in the morning you be go home for a month . I know it sound crazy -- out maybe in a month it will all be over . steiner it will never be over . not for I . he fall silent . the pounding of the surf can be heard . gertrud stretch she hand out to steiner . gertrud rolf -- sit beside I . he take she outstretch hand , sit beside she , rest he head on she breast . she put she arm around he . he lie quietly for a moment , then lift he face to kiss she . gertrud no , darling -- later -- later -- later -- her arm around he , she be rock he almost like a child as we : dissolveto : 88 . full shot - STREET - day there be two fleet of army truck line up . on one side of the street the truck face west ; on the opposite side they face east . soldier be board both fleet of truck . 89 . mo . shot - sergeant muller - in the middle of the STREET he call out to a soldier who be walk hesitantly to - ward the truck face west . muller you there -- let I see you order . the soldier hand he order to muller , who look at then . muller where do you think you be go ? ( with sadistic glee ) this truck be go home . you belong there -- ( point to east - bound truck ) you be go to the front ! ( point to west - bound truck ) lucky one there ! ( wave to east bound truck ) unlucky one there ! ( laugh again ) 90 . mo . shot - steiner stand outside the rest home , near the park truck . he be look up and down the street -- evidently wait for someone . muller , who can be see in the b.g. , call out -- muller steiner - -! get into you truck . it 's ready to move ! 91 . mo . shot - muller as steiner walk slowly up to he . muller what 's wrong , sergeant ? for one of the lucky one , you sure do not seem anxious to go . steiner do not even look at muller who evidently see someone at the west truck . muller hey , you there -- let I see you order -- he run off , almost collide with inge . she look complacent . inge Goodbye , sergeant steiner . steiner I be touch . up this early just to say goodbye to I . or be you wait to welcome the new batch come in ? inge no . I just think somebody should say goodbye to you . ( smile as steiner look at she ) gertrud be not come , sergeant . he stare at she . she take ah envelope out of she pocket . inge this be for you . as he snatch it out of she hand ..... inge that 's all right . I have already read it . steiner you be a pig . ( look at the envelope , but do not open it ) inge I will be happy to read it to you . she take the envelope from he . neither object nor assent . he just stand there , inge 's tone , as she read , be not as triumphantly smug as might have be expect . inge ( read ) " dearest rolf -- I can not face you this morning . how can you and I know what we feel for each other ? we hate so quickly and easily , maybe we fall in love too quickly and easily , too . there be thing I even need to tell you about ..... steiner snatch the letter from inge . crumple it in he hand . his face be he usual steel mask again . he stand still for a moment , then the SOUND of the truck motor cause he to look up . the truck bound for the front have start slowly off . steiner look at the crumpled letter in he hand , throw it away , run for the truck . 92 . mo . shot - muller as steiner run past he . he stare in amazement as steiner jump onto the back of the last truck head east . muller ( almost scream ) no ! no! steiner -- wrong truck ! you be go home . that one 's go to the front ! steiner -- steiner -- ! but in the b.g. the truck have disappear around the corner . fade out : fade in 93 . long shot - road skirting a row of bunkers - day a truck be see come to a stop . a lone figure jump off the back , wave to the driver . the truck drive on . 94 . mo . shot - steiner stand in the road , look about he with some curiosity . then , camera trucking with he , he start to walk . he pass several soldier . we can tell by the cursory glance they exchange that they be stranger to each other . steiner enter the bunker . 95 . lieutenant triebig round a corner near the bunker . he hear shout from the bunker and stop . then he hear a half dozen voice crying in unison , " steiner ! steiner ! steiner ! " triebig 's face set . he stand a moment , immobile , then turn , hurry away in the opposite direction . 96 . int . bunker kruger , kern , schnurrbart and anselm be group around steiner . a newcomer stand off to the side a bit . steiner be open a beer bottle . kruger you be a idiot , rolf . why do not you go home when you could have ? steiner ( stony-face ) Heard it be safer here . ( nodd ) I be home for two week . the newcomer ( angrily ) I wish this kind of talk would stop . it 's -- it 's gross exaggeration -- and what 's more , it have a terrible effect on the morale of the troops at the front ! everyone turn to look at the newcomer . coolly . steiner regards he steiner what 's you name ? zoll ( defiantly ) Zoll . steiner thank you , herr Zoll for worry about my morale . the man laugh . schnurrbart Zoll be a Party member . he 's con - vince we be win the war , and anybody who do not think so , he 's quite willing to turn in to the Storm troops . steiner ( to Zoll ) my name be rolf steiner -- and please memorize my correct serial number . I would not want they to come for the wrong man . the phone ring . Zoll answer it . zoll ( very snappy ) second platoon . Zoll speak . steiner God , be not it wonderful hearing a real soldier speak again . zoll ( through the men' laughter ) yes , sir -- yes , sir -- ( hang up , turn to steiner Captain stransky want to see you in he bunker . steiner when ? zoll right away . steiner good . I miss my Captain stransky . 97 . close shot - stransky' face the camera pull back and we see that we be in what be evidently stransky 's bunker . triebig be face stransky . it be now dark . stransky I will soften he up , do not worry . how long have we keep he wait ? triebig about half a hour . stransky all right . send he in . triebig , still look worried , go out . stransky stand for a moment , move another chair to the table , then sit opposite it . the door open and steiner come in . he look at stransky , he face devoid of expression . 98 . mo . shot - stransky - at table with steiner in b.g. stransky 's demeanor be carefully matter -of-fact . stransky welcome back , sergeant . please sit down . ( impatiently , as steiner remain stand ) you may sit down . steiner if you order I to . stransky consider it a order . reluctantly , steiner sit down face stransky , who move the kerosene lamp so that he himself be sit in darkness . stransky be you quite recover from you wound ? steiner quite . stransky good . now that you be back , I be willing to make a fresh start . I excuse you past behavior . there be several important matter I wish to discuss with you . steiner ( he face show that he know what stransky have in mind 1 there be a pause before he speak ) certain thing can be talk about only man to man , not superior to subordinate . stransky ( a attempt at a smile ) you would naturally think that . but , you know , do not you , that in civilian life , too , a distinction be make between people and personality ? for a fleeting moment steiner 's expression darken , but he quickly compose he feature . his tone be ingenuous . steiner I do not . but I be 'sure you can explain that distinction to I . stransky ( smoothly ) I can . the difference be a matter of ethical and intellectual super - iority and be cause , whether you like it or not , by class difference . that who be rear in dirt will never or rarely emerge from it because they have never learn to see dirt as dirt . be not that self - evident ? steiner ( swiftly and quietly I disagree . talent , sensitivity and character be not privilege of the upper class . stransky ( voice less urbane ) I see . May I ask which of the two category you count yourself ? it be a open challenge . steiner sit up in he seat . steiner be this conversation take place between two equal human being , or between a superior and he sub - ordinate ? stransky ( haughtily ) I see no reason to throw the weight of my rank into the balance . steiner ( quietly ) in that case , I be free not to answer you tactless question . there be e silence as fury mount in stransky 's eye , but he control he voice . stransky you be forget yourself , steiner . steiner ( coldly ) if you feel insecure about stand on you grounds of equality , we can easily go back to we regular relationship . stransky ( look at he hand , speak softly ) you impertinence can only come from stupidity -- and digging hole . ( stand up brusquely and pace the room several time be - fore he come to a stop in front of steiner ) I have meet more than one person of you type -- and I have always crush they like vermin . I consider you nothing more than a insolent lout who can not keep he hand off he comrade ' property . 99 . close shot - steiner as he stand up slowly . he make a visible effort to control himself . steiner ( voice steady and quiet ) you will regret that . 100 . mo . shot - stransky and steiner steiner wipe he sleeve with he right hand . stransky for that remark alone , back home I would have have dog chase you over the field until you foot be bleed strap . steiner we be not back home . stransky you will wish you be before long . ( turn he back on steiner , pick up the phone ) triebig ? come in here ! he hang up , turn , see that steiner be lean easily against the wall . stransky stand at attention ! steiner take a half step forward , let he arm dangle . the door open and triebig come in . stransky how far have my new bunker progress ? triebig about a foot and a half . stransky the bunker be to be ten foot deep . sergeant steiner will work on it tonight until that depth be reach . triebig ( astonished ) tonight ? stransky tonight . I shall hold you respon - sible for have that bunker ready by tomorrow morning . triebig yes , sir . steiner have listen with a impassive face . now , without change of expression , he hold the door open for triebig , then he turn to look at stransky . without a word , he goe out . 101 . ext . bunker - truck shot - triebig and steiner as they walk toward the spot ( see in b.g. ) where the new bunker be be dig . they walk in silence a moment . triebig I want you to know I have nothing to do with this business . steiner that 's lucky for you . ( pause ) where 's you " friend " ? triebig ( look straight ahead ) he 's dead . steiner oh -- too bad . ( sardonically ) well -- bear up . Fresh recruit be come in every day . triebig look at he and he voice shake with hatred . triebig I have only one wish , and the Commander share it . we could court martial you or get rid of you some other way . but we want to have the pleasure of see you -- croak . steiner ( smile ) you will have to take very good care of yourself if you want to outlive I . triebig clenches he fist in helpless fury . triebig thank you for the warning . steiner you be entirely welcome . by this time they have reach the pit where four man be digging . triebig ( to the man ) ail right -- you be relieved . you may return to you quarter . the man , see only steiner with triebig , do not quite comprehend . triebig ( shouting ) I say you may return to you quarter ! the man hastily drop they shovel , clamber out of the pit , and walk away . they keep look back at triebig and steiner , still not certain of what 's go on . triebig turn to steiner . triebig if I be you , I would make sure it be do by morning . steiner it will not be for lack of try , sir . triebig glower at he , walk away . steiner jump into the pit , start to shovel . the camera note that steiner be up to he kneecap in the pit . dissolve to : 102 . close shot - pair of muddy boot the camera pan up from the boot to steiner 's face . steiner be asleep in a chair , he foot stretch out . the scene be the outer room of brandt 's command post . after a moment , the inner door open and kiesel and triebig come out . kiesel you will wait here , Lieutenant . triebig nod nervously , kiesel look at steiner , shake he head . kiesel steiner ! steiner open he eye , stumble to he foot , straighten up . kiesel hold the door open . steiner look at triebig , then walk in . 103 . int . brandt' room brandt be sit behind a huge , clumsy desk pile with all sort of useless object . he hold a light cigarette between he finger . steiner and kiesel come in . brandt so there you be . next time you be wounded , give I a week 's notice that we be go to lose you , ha , ha . how be you , steiner ? steiner I can not complain . brandt stand up , shake hand heartily , toward chair . brandt make yourself comfortable . ( extend cigarette case to steiner ) how be it in the hospital ? steiner ( laconically ) pretty good . brandt and the Rest Home ? steiner I recommend it . brandt ( laugh , then , casually ) then gesture that night you be wounded -- do you know that Captain stransky lead the second company 's counter - attack ? steiner that 's what they tell I . brandt be it true ? steiner the counterattack be lead by Lieutenant meyer . Captain stransky be nowhere in sight . brandt and kiesel exchange glance . kiesel be you sure of that ? steiner absolutely . in the first place , I would have see he , and in the second place , Lieutenant meyer have to report to the Captain what have be happen in the line . kiesel how do you know that ? steiner I be there when Lieutenant meyer phone . brandt a-ha ! ( sharply , to kiesel ) fetch triebig . kiesel goe out . brandt ( grimly ) I think you be entitle to a little fun . 104 . mo . shot - at door as it open and triebig and kiesel come in . triebig look very worried . for a moment , brandt just look at triebig who bite he lip . finally , brandt speak . his voice be unusually soft and low . brandt you sign you Captain 's report , Lieutenant triebig . be you present when Captain stransky lead the counterattack ? triebig ( after a notice - able hesitation ) I accompany the commander to the hill and see he call several man around he . then he send I back to the command post . brandt then how do you know that stransky really lead the counterattack ? you sign a statement to that effect , Lieutenant triebig . triebig I -- I learn of it from wounded man who be return . brandt can you give I the name of one of this wounded man ? triebig they be not staff man -- just company man . I -- I know they only by sight . besides , it be pitch dark when I speak to they . brandt ( icily ) I want you to know , Lieutenant triebig , that I have have you statement check . Captain kiesel will inform you of the result of we investigation . steiner watch closely as kiesel take a sheet of paper out of he pocket , study its content for a moment . kiesel ( placidly ) we investigation so far have disclose that at the moment there be forty - two man in 2 no company who take part in that counterattack . they declare unanimously that the attack be lead by Lieutenant meyer . none of they see Captain stransky , and none of they hear that he be even with the company . brandt turn to triebig , who look ds if he be stand against a wall watch a execution squad line up in front of he . brandt to my mind , there be nothing more contemptible than snatching the laurel that properly belong to a man who die in action . I shall abide by sergeant steiner 's testimony . if he stand by he statement that Captain stransky be not with the company , I shall be compel to institute disciplinary proceedings against the Captain . you may go now . you be no longer need here . triebig yes , sir . he do not look at steiner as he leave the room . 105 . mo . shot - brandt , kiesel and steiner brandt ( to steiner ) very well . do you stand by you statement ? to brandt 's surprise , steiner do not answer immediately . then , after some hesitation : steiner would it be possible for I to think it over for a few day ? brandt ( anger and disappoint - ment in he voice ) think it over ? what be there to think over ? do you see stransky or not ? steiner do not answer . brandt I do not understand you . be you a friend of stransky 's ? my im - pression be that you wish he in hell . steiner my difference with Captain stransky be a private matter . brandt ( lose patience ) oh , they be ? why be you order to dig stransky 's bunker tonight ? steiner compress he lip . brandt I ask you something ! steiner look up , they eye meet . steiner do you want to hear lie ? brandt ( lean forward ) do you know that stransky intend to recommend discipline you ? steiner ( a growl ) if I be he , I would not lose a minute about it . brandt ( to kiesel ) I really think I should place a guard over he and have he dig hole until he 's blue in the face . kiesel ( shrug ) why try to revise the decision of Providence ? brandt ( sternly , to steiner ) listen to I . you know I have always show a great deal of understanding for you . but I be beginning to get tired of battle with you superior over you . steiner ( defiantly ) I do not ask you to . as soon as the word be out , it be obvious from steiner 's expression that he regret go that far , but it be too late . brandt rise and lean on he desk . his voice be hoarse with rage . brandt do not ask I to ! you do not ask I to ! have you go clean out of you mind ? do you have any idea what you be say ? kiesel steiner -- you ungrateful idiot -- for a second , steiner close he eye . se be struggle not to let the word out -- but they come pour forth violently . steiner what be you ask I , Captain kiesel ? to love Colonel brandt ? I hate Colonel brandt . I hate you , Captain kiesel , and stransky and triebig , and ever since I have put on this damn uniform I have hate everybody and anybody connect with it . if I get into any trouble , if I have any problem with anything or anybody , I will solve they myself --! thank you very much ! I pause , shaking . there be a dead silence in the room . brandt be breathe heavily . his unsteady hand grope across the top of he desk . brandt ( he voice break ) get out . get out of here at once ! steiner do not move for a split second , then he goe out . brandt try to regain control of himself . kiesel look at the floor . dissolve to : 106 . panoramic shot - line of truck and marching men day all head west . this be follow by quick cut of the troop -laden truck . the total impression be of a gigantic exodus . 107 . int . second platoon' bunker steiner , schnurrbart , kruger , Zoll , and anselm be all present . they have pack all they belonging , ready to move out . schnurrbart and kruger be play card . steiner be sit quietly on he bunk . the other be move about -- obviously beset by impatience . why the hell be not we move out ? zoll what 's everybody so worried about ? move a regiment be quite a job , let I tell you . it do not move all at once . the phone ring . zoll ah -- that 's probably we order now . as steiner go to the phone , everybody make for they pack , ready to leave at the word . steiner ( into phone ) yes -- yes , sir -- I see -- ( no change of expression ) yes , sir -- at what time ? -- yes , sir . kruger ( to steiner , who have hang up ) what 's the good word ? steiner the good word be that we have be elect . ( cautiously ) elected to -- what ? steiner Captain stransky 's pay we a great honor . we -- that be , we platoon -- be to stay here as a rear guard until dark . for two hour . maybe three . the man be freeze in disbelief . steiner I think we ought to feel very proud . anselm that idiot be crazy . schnurrbart not so crazy . they be pull out , we be not . steiner ( take a map from he pocket , spread it on the table , trace with he thumb ) the division be move back to new position east of krimskaya -- zoll ( nodd ) much easier to launch a offensive from there . schnurrbart why we ? of all the platoon in the battalion , why we ? ( violently ) because we sergeant be such a pal of Captain stransky 'e ! that 's why we ! steiner I be sorry . in the next war I will try to pick my enemy more carefully . 108 . mo . shot - staff car - day the car stand outside stransky 's bunker . a military chauffeur be at the wheel , and the motor be running . a steady stream of truck and equipment , head west , flow past the staff car . in the b.g. the door to stransky 's bunker fly open and the Captain with Lieutenant triebig behind he , step out . as they make for the car , the phone within the bunker be heard ringing . 109 . int . bunker - at phone as stransky come into the scene , pick up phone . triebig be in the b.g. stransky Captain stransky -- yes , yes , Captain kiesel , we be just about to leave -- yes , sir -- what 's that , sir ? ( he expression be cloudy as he listen ) I see , sir . yes , sir . I will attend to that immediately . yes , sir . he hang up . triebig look at he inquiringly . stransky Intelligence report that the Russians be already on the high - way . regiment feel that it would be not only useless but suicidal to leave behind any rear guard platoon . they be to join the evacuation immediately . triebig I see . he and stransky exchange glance . triebig shall I call -- I believe it 's sergeant steiner 's platoon , be it not ? stransky nod . triebig wait for he to say something , but he do not so triebig pick up the phone . stransky just a second , Lieutenant -- triebig turn to face stransky . stransky what do you think of this story ? we try to establish telephone communication with steiner 's bunker , but evidently he wire have already be cut . you , lieuten - ant triebig , upon personal investigation , discover they bunker abandon . apparently , the platoon have already leave to take up its forward position . the two man look at each other . then ! triebig ( slowly ) I think it 's a excellent story . stransky just a story ? triebig much more than a story . I think it 's fully justified . stransky you do ? why ? triebig ( after a moment 's think ) it be my firm conviction that the third Reich would be better off without the like of steiner and he croney . the two man stand look at each other without speak . then stransky take the telephone wire in he two hand and yank it out of the wall . he do not look at triebig as he stride from the bunker . triebig follow . dissolve to : 110 . ext . bunker all the man , with the exception of steiner , be present . they be busy pack ammunition box . anselm damn it . I hate to leave this place . we work week fix this place up -- this damn army . zoll the trouble with you be -- you be scared stiff . anselm ( look at he ) you do not know how grateful we be that you be send to we . it 's nice to have one brave man in the platoon . 111 . mo . shot - at door as it open , and steiner , he uniform wring wet , come in . steiner well -- be we all still here ? what do you mean " still here " ? steiner ( pretend surprise ) no deserter ? ( walk to table ) all right , then , let 's have a look at the map before we start . he look at map . the man gather around he . how far be it to krimskaya ? steiner about twenty mile . ( stare think - fully at the map ) the stuff between be regular wilderness . and a stream run through . ( more ) steiner ( cont 'd ) how big a stream ? suppose there 's no bridge ? and the whole region be marshy . the big question be whether we can get through . kruger then let 's use the highway . steiner just look at he . ( anxiously ) what do that look mean ? do you see any Russians on the high - way ? steiner infantry , truck , tank , the whole damn Russian army . there be a moment 's silence . on the highway ? steiner not in the air , take my word for it . anselm ( strapping on ammuni- tion box ) how be we go to cross the highway with the Russians on it ? steiner it 's dark , it 's raining -- and there be bound to be a few gap in the procession . we will wait for the right moment and scoot across . it 's hopeless . it 's just plain suicide . zoll ( slinging he tommy gun over he shoulder ) we be eight self - reliant , resource - ful Germans . we will make it . steiner ( sardonically to kern ) there ! do you feel better ? suppose we do make it . the Russians will be in krimskaya before we . that mean to get to we line , we will have to cross theirs . how ? how , I be ask ? steiner ( he box be strapped to he ) we can tunnel beneath the Russians -- or we can pole vault over they . be we all ready ? ( groan ) you can joke , but we be finish . finish . steiner of course we be . no doubt about it . and because you have so brilliantly point that out , you may lead the way . he fling the door open I motion for kern to start the exodus . kern look sour , but lead the way . the other squeeze past steiner at the door . when they be gone , steiner kick the stove so that it fall over , spilling its golden ember on the floor . then he goe out , close the door behind he . 112 . full shot - the platoon huddle together in the rain , wait for steiner . after a moment , he come into the scene . he jerk he head in the direction he wish they to take . then he start off . the man exchange glance , but no one say a word . they trudge off . dissolve to : 113 . OPEN plowlano - night it be still dark , but in the east the sky be beginning to lighten . in the distance we see the line of man walk slowly , they head bent against the rain . 114 . mo . shot - the men walking the angle favor Zoll and kern . they be panting under the burden of they machine - gun and box of ammunition . they be cursing under they breath . the camera pan down to they boot . they be cake with great lump of muddy soil . 115 . mo . shot - steiner - at head of line his face expressionless , he be walk steadily on . ahead of he the terrain begin to slope upward . suddenly , steiner stop in he track be hold he hand up for the man to stop . 116 . mo . shot - kern , kruger , zoll and schnurrbart kruger what the devil 's the matter now ? no one answer . schnurrbart motion for they to listen . after a moment , the low drone of big motor , the creaking of heavily laden truck be heard . also a occasional windblown shout be heard . zoll ( whisper ) Russians . ( nervously ) a whole army . with quivering finger he unthinkingly reach for he cigarettes and thrust one between he lip . as he strike a match , steiner suddenly appear in front of he . there be a sharp slapping SOUND , follow by a rain of SPARKS from the crush cigarette . kern utter a whimper sound and press both hand against he mouth . steiner ( voice thick with rage ) you idiot ! the man look at he in alarm , but he whirl around and run forward , signal for the man to follow . 117 . mo . shot - kern as he walk along . there be a burn on he upper lip which he pat tenderly . his face be cloud with resent - ment . the voice ahead become increasingly distinct . the crisp tread of nail boot be very mark -- grow even louder . 118 . mo . shot - steiner signal for the man to halt . he walk back to the group . steiner ( to schnurrbart and anselm ) you come with I . the rest will wait here . steiner , anselm and schnurrbart run off . the man watch they as , bent low , they disappear into the darkness . then , one by one , the man sink down onto the wet ground . for a few moment no one have the strength or the inclination to speak . then -- zoll he should not have hit you . kruger why not ? zoll what 's more important than the treatment of one german soldier by another -- I would like to know . kruger I will tell you what 's more important -- ( more ) kruger ( cont 'd ) ( bring he face close to Zoll 's ) it 's more important that we have to get out of here . and you know why ? I will tell you -- he poke he finger into Zoll 's chest . back . kruger Zoll move indignantly we have to get out so that we will be on time to get into the next mess . out of one mess into the next . that 's be go on for three year , and it will go on until we get into one mess good and deep and do not come out of it -- he have work himself into such a rage that he can not go on . there be another morose silence . Zoll sit up on one elbow , listen . schnurrbart I think all that activity on the highway be slacken . do not worry . we will never get across . he stop , for everyone be listen intently . he listen too . there be not a sound from the direction of the highway . ( whisper ) I do not hear a thing .... kruger here come somebody -- every head turn . 119 . long shot - a figure coming out of the mist from the group 's p.o.v . the figure stop . 120 . full shot - group schnurrbart it 's anselm . anselm stop , wave he fist in the air . kruger let 's go . they snatch they gun , run up the slope , disappear into the mist . 121 . crown of hill beneath it lie the highway in the gray dawn light . desert . in the b.g. we see the platoon slip down the steep decline and racing across the trample , rutte width of the road toward the edge of the wood which rise like a dark wall against the further mountain . 122 . mo . shot - steiner he be stand about 100 yard in the forest , look toward the highway . the man can be see run towards he . in a few second , they reach steiner . as they fight to catch they breath , steiner look at they , triumph in he eye . well -- steiner hold up he hand for quiet . rumble of vehicle can be heard from the highway . kruger ( grin ) now that we be here that sound like music to I . steiner ( dryly ) I think it 's a little early for congratulation . ( pick up he gear ) we be ready . zoll sergeant -- steiner turn to regard he . zoll they listen . the before we start , there 's a matter I would like to bring up . the matter of you treatment of a comrade , private kern . steiner look at he closely . zoll one soldier of the fuhrer be just as -- good as -- he wilt under steiner 's gaze , stop . steiner ( coldly ) please continue . just as good as what ? zoll ( weaken ) anyway -- I believe I speak for all the other -- steiner look at the other . ( to Zoll ) why do not you mind you own lousy business ! it be idiotic of I to light that cigarette . now , let 's go . steiner look at Zoll , then , without a word , turn and start walk . the other follow . dissolve to : 123 . STREET - in krimskaya - day the scene be one of great bustle and activity . truck be unload . anti-aircraft gun be be set up on empty lot between house . a staff car speed into the scene , jolt to a stop before one of the house . Captain kiesel alight , take a salute from the sentry , enter one of the house . 124 . int . house - stransky and triebig be supervise the installation of phone . kiesel come running in . kiesel you be slow with that phone , Captain . regiment have be try to speak to you . stransky they will be in any minute , Captain kiesel . kiesel with the Russians breathe down we neck , the Colonel want a patrol out front . I think steiner 's the most experience -- stransky sorry , Captain . I have not the faintest idea of the whereabouts of steiner and he platoon . kiesel what do you mean by that ? ( stare at stransky ) you mean you do not pull he out of line and bring he back ? you have you order . stransky I try to contact steiner immediately -- be not that so , Lieutenant ? triebig yes , Captain . stransky but he have already move he platoon from the bunker . kiesel why ? he have order not to move till dark . stransky ( shrugging ) you know steiner disobey order be a speciality of he . kiesel how the devil be he go to get back here ? he 's get the whole Russian army to get through . stransky he have he order - - he disregarded they . kiesel it do not sound like steiner . he would risk he own neck , not a whole platoon 's -- ( look at stransky closely ) I think I can promise you a full investigation , Captain stransky , when steiner get back . if he get back . he turn and walk out rapidly . the telephone man be still in the room , so stransky and triebig can only exchange covert congratulatory glance . the camera move to the window , through it to a open field and as it move east ... dissolve to : 125 . overhead shot - thick wood - day the camera move down through thorny undergrowth until it pick up steiner 's platoon , fight they weary way through . the undergrowth have rip the man 's uniform and scratch they hand and face . sweat be pour from they face . they be almost continually 's lap at almost invisible sting mite which hover about they . the camera pan down to two pair of boot slogging through the marsh . it be evident that they be suffer a great deal . 126 . long shot - the SUN low in the sky it will be dark in a little while . from this angle the camera zoom down into the forest . it pick out steiner trudging in water that be halfway up to he knee . there be no one in sight behind he . suddenly , from the rear there be hoarse shout . steiner stop , turn , listen . the shout be heard again . steiner start back , camera trucking with he . there be a slight rise in the terrain , which be firm and dry . be stretch out on the ground . steiner what 's the trouble ? schnurrbart you will have to call a rest , rolf . steiner ( tersely ) we be not even half way yet . schnurrbart I know , but what can not be do can not be do . steiner ( reluctantly ) most of the man all right . he notice Zoll , who be lie on he stomach off to one side , he head pillow in he arm . steiner where be you ammunition box ? the other become attentive . Zoll do not stir . steiner dig the toe of he boot into Zoll 's side . steiner do not you hear I ? zoll ( a grunt ) leave I alone . kruger he have they ten minute ago . the swine must have dumped they . steiner then he will go back for they . Zoll still do not move , so steiner grip he by he cartridge belt and pull he to he foot . face twisted with fury , Zoll whirl , snatch up he rifle , brandish it . zoll ( hoarsely ) keep you dirty paw off I . if you touch I again . steiner look into Zoll 's rabid face with a sort of curiosity . steiner ( quietly ) you be too much of a coward . watch ! he drop he tommy gun and gesture schnurrbart and kruger back . they watch worriedly as steiner step so close to Zoll that the barrel of he rifle touch he stomach . quietly he reach out , grasp the rifle by the barrel and take it from Zoll 's hand . a sort of relieved sigh go up from the man . Zoll stand motionless , he face be - flect fear , rage and shame . steiner pick up he tommy gun . steiner get that box . Zoll hesitates for just a second . then he turn and walk off into the brush . the man look after he grimly . 127 . mo . shot - steiner - in a tree make he way to the top . when he near it , he push aside two branch to give himself a view . 128 . long shot - from steiner' Pov a enormous expanse of reed cut a swath across the wood . Brown water shimmer along the thick stem . then there be a hundred yard width of muddy water , then more weed . 129 . mo . shot - steiner he look grim as he start he descent . 130 . full shot - the men as they wait for steiner . I bet this be the only dry spot for mile around . why do not we just stay here ? anselm do not be silly . they will not know where to send we pay . ah -- for steiner have drop out of the tree . schnurrbart well -- ? steiner reed , swamp , open water , more reed , more swamp . worse than I think it would be . steiner spread the map on the ground . the man look over he shoulder . steiner point to something on the map . steiner ( nod ) tomorrow morning we will start before dawn . kruger ( querulously ) straight into the creek ? steiner shut up ! we will march north to the road . how far be that ? steiner about thirty mile . kruger thirty mile ! it 's crazy ! this way we be no more than eight mile from krimskaya ! steiner sure . if we could cross that swamp , and we can not ! kruger before I march thirty mile I need something to eat . steiner if you have get to have something to eat , try tree bark . boil in soft water it 's suppose to be edible . damn it all , do not act like a bunch of child . they look shame - face , but kruger growl ... kruger you have see what the water look like . like a hundred cow have be scheiss in it . steiner then boil it and skim it . you will not mind the filth -- you have get a pig 's stomach anyway . the man grin . steiner we will make a soup . put the meat and bread right in it . kruger and schnurrbart fetch water . but do not anybody try drink the muck before it 's boil . the rest of we can gather wood . the man make a movement to start . steiner wait a minute -- we may as well settle this now . we will need a volunteer for sentry duty tonight . at least to start it off -- nobody answer . the man do not look at each other . steiner I know you be all tired , but -- sergeant , I -- at this moment , a noise in the brush cause all head to turn . a exhaust Zoll , lug the ammunition box ' struggle into the scene . steiner look at he , then turn to kern. steiner that 's all right . the problem be solve . the man laugh , start off . Zoll look puzzle by the laughter . dissolve to : 131 . close shot - SMALL smoldering camp FIRE the camera pull back to reveal kruger , schnurrbart , kern and anselm asleep on the ground in various uncomfortable posture . pawn be break in the sky . the air be fill with the croaking SOUND of frog . 132 . mo . shot - kruger as he slowly awaken . it be a moment before he be fully awake . he reach out and nudge kern awake . huh ? -- what ? -- oh -- what 's up ? kruger where 's steiner , do you know ? he just get up sometime ago and go off somewhere . kruger do he say where ? by this time the conversation have awaken the other man . I ask he , but you know steiner -- he just give I a look and off he go . I get the shit . schnurrbart ( grimly ) steiner go -- and you get scared ' huh ? kruger ( look around at all the face ) we be all scared the minute rolf 's not around to hold we hand . schnurrbart ( toss a branch into the fire , send up a shower of spark ) he will be back . anselm , relieve Zoll . anselm ( rebelliously ) why I ? kruger hurry up and relieve Zoll . on the double . anselm you and schnurrbart -- big shot ! lousy noncom ! you be all alike . rank go right to you head . it stink . the whole damned army stink . and you , kruger , stink worst of all ! kruger pick up a dry stick of wood which be only partially in the fire and toss it at anselm , who barely throw he hand up in time . then , with a cry of rage , he jump across the fir and onto kruger 's neck . the two man struggle on the ground . kern , schnurrbart ( simultaneously ) come on , now - stop it . kruger ! anselm ! Zoll come run in from he sentry post . zoll what 's go on here ? Zoll , assist by kern , try to separate the two man who be lock together on the ground . watch out -- somebody 's go to get burn in the fire ! suddenly , steiner 's voice be hear . steiner' voice Zoll -- kern ! let they fight it out . 133 . mo . shot - steiner his gun be in the back of a elderly russian . the other be in the b.g. steiner why should not they kill each other ? why should the Russians have to do it ? schnurrbart who the hell be that ? the old man sink to the ground . steiner it 's my guess he 's a very old Russian -- what 's yours ? kruger where do you find he , rolf ? steiner there 's a dirt road about four mile from here . the road lead to a bridge . he be guard it . zoll a bridge ! a bridge that cross the swamp , you mean ? schnurrbart Eureka , that mean we do not have to march thirty mile to the highway , do not it ? kern' voice not to mention the forty more to krimskaya . anselm ( feel he throat ) do not anybody care that my neck be break ? steiner not so fast . on the other side of the bridge there 's a house . and there be Russians in the house . pause . kruger how do you know -- do you see any ? steiner no , but there be smoke come out of the chimney . you ask he how many there be . kruger talk in Russian to the old man , who reply . then ! kruger he say there 's two wagon and two horse . steiner to hell with that . ask he how many man there be in that house . kruger speak in Russian , but the old man just shake he head . steiner how many man be there in the house ? kruger speak to the old man who close he eye and turn he head aside . kruger he will not say . steiner ( put the muzzle of he gun against the old man 's head he have to . ask he again . kruger expostulate with the Russian , illustrate he word with unmistakable gesture . the Russian slowly open he eye . steiner be regard he without expression . a brief smile pass over the Russian 's wrinkle , parchment - like face , and he say a few word . steiner what be he say ? kruger he say he be a old man . steiner ( calmly ) we can see that . I admire he , but I be go to have to shoot he . schnurrbart be not it dangerous , fire a shot ? there may be some of they around , look for he . steiner you may be right . on the other hand , we can not waste time hang he . pause . anselm well , let 's see -- there 's strangu - lation , drown , stone -- steiner if we have the time we would let you talk he to death . pause . steiner take a knife from he scabbard . the man be very silent . steiner any volunteer ? anselm ( after a moment ) how about you , Zoll ? you be a butcher in civilian life , be not you ? the joke fall flat , even with anselm . zoll ( after a moment ) if everybody 's scared , I might have a try at it . steiner no . I will make it quick and clean . ( lift the Russian to he foot , to kruger ) we will give he one more chance . tell he what I be go to do . kruger speak to the Russian who say nothing , do not even shake he head . steiner all right , then -- he push the Russian ahead of he toward a grove of small tree , camera trucking with they . 134 . full shot - group they stand around in silence . a low gasp be heard o.s. the man tense . anselm venture to look off . 135 . long shot - anselm Pov steiner be see bent over , lean against a tree . 136 . full shot - group anselm I will say this for steiner . at least he 's throw up . all eye be fix o.s . after a few moment , steiner come back in . his knife and scabbard be both go . steiner all right , get you thing together . schnurrbart I wonder how many Russians there be in that house . steiner since we have get to cross that bridge , it do not matter how many there be . be not we too few for the job ? steiner no . there 's only the front door and one window on the side . we will smoke they out with grenade , then mow they down as they come out . ( look at Zoll ) and hang on to you ammunition box . we be go to need they . steiner pick up he pack . 137 . long shot - a one - story house - day it be make of massive log . smoke be pour from one of the chimney . the camera start pulling back and we see that a creek flow parallel to the house . its bank be overgrown with shoulder - high reed which sway gently in the wind . two unhitch wagon , they content conceal under dark brown canvas ' stand by the side of the house . then we see a primitive but wide wooden bridge with rail on both side . in the center , lean against the narrow slat of the railing , stand a guard -- a elderly man with a yellow , wrinkle face . his cap be push back on he head and he be stare dully at the dirty surface of the water . his tommy gun be sling diagonally across he back . the camera continue backward across the bridge into the reed . finally , it come to rest on the flatten shape of steiner and he platoon who be gaze intently at the sight . the man speak in whisper . steiner you realize how important it be that no one -- not a single one -- escape ? we will not be able to get they all . steiner we have to get they all . once the Russians find out there be Germans behind they line there will be hundred of they beat the bush for we . he look at the man significantly . they nod grimly . steiner anselm -- you and kruger stay here . set up the machine gun -- see that no one get past this way . the rest will come with I . keep you head behind the tree -- and remember , if one of they get away we be sink . with bent back , he move forward , the man follow . anselm start set up the machine gun . 138 . mo . shot - steiner and men walk cautiously through the wood to get on the other side of the house . the camera focus on Zoll , who be last in line . his eye be fix on the ground , on small patch of sunlight on the ground . they change shape , expand and contract each time the leave stir overhead . suddenly Zoll take mincing little step , now jump or skip to avoid a band of sunlight . he become so absorb in this that he be oblivious to everything else . he do not notice that steiner be stand in he path , watch he curiously . Zoll be on the point of jump over a broad 's trip of light when he eye meet steiner 's . his intend jump become a halting step that carry he right into the middle of the sunlit band . Zo11 stand still , look into steiner 's face . zoll ( weak smile ) just a game -- steiner ( incredulously ) a what ? a game ? zoll ( apologetically when we be kid -- a come -- we would race through the wood . no one be allow to step on a spot of sunlight -- steiner I see . and would you like we to join you in the game ? perhaps we could find the time . zoll I only think -- silly idea -- if I do not step on a spot of sunlight now I would come through this all right . he smile a abject , apologetic smile . steiner 's face be expressionless . he turn to the man , motion they to the ground . Zoll be the last to obey . 139 . mo . shot - steiner on the ground the man behind he . steiner I will take care of the gentleman on the bridge . when I run -- you follow I -- ( look at Zoll ) -- take special care to avoid the spot of sunlight . Zoll flash a look of hatred at steiner , but remain quiet . steiner lift he tommy gun , sight it at the man on the bridge . he take he time . beside he , kern be tremble visibly . 140 . long shot - the guard on the bridge he have not change he position . 141 . angle - over steiner' shoulder shoot toward the Guard in the b.g. steiner be still aim . then he fire -- a whipping round of shot . in the b.g. , we see the man on the bridge start to move as though he stand on a whirling disc . then he hand grip the wooden railing for support . his leg sag , and he slide , knee first , underneath the railing and into the dirty water . steiner jump to he foot , run madly for the bridge , the man follow . 142 . other side of bridge as steiner come across , throw himself flat on the ground . the other , close behind , do the same . they all shoot round after round at the door of the hut . then -- steiner ( hold up he hand ) stop ! a final burst from kern and then there be stillness . the man look toward the house . 143 . long shot - the house there be not a sound from the house . not a single sign of any activity . 144 . mo . shot - the men still lie flat on they stomach . they turn they face to look at each other questioningly . zoll ( hopefully ) maybe there 's nobody in the house . steiner do not worry , there be . zoll well , it can not be too large a force . enough to give we a hero 's death . schnurrbart ( to steiner ) what do you make of it ? ( excitedly ) look -- ! a figure be rush toward they . steiner do not shoot -- it 's kruger ! kruger come running in , out of breath . kruger rolf -- steiner ( sharply ) why do you leave you post ? anselm can not handle they alone . kruger anselm be in the house . steiner what ? kruger do not you hear the scream ? steiner scream ? ( look at the man for confirmation ) kruger woman 's scream , then moan . so anselm go in . ( bitterly ) naturally . if it 's anything to do with woman -- steiner what do you mean , woman ? kruger I mean woman ! anselm say to come over . steiner well , it 's nice of he to invite we . kern , you stay outside . fire. one shot if you see anyone come . he get up , run toward the house , the man follow . 145 . ext . house as steiner come into the scene , kick open the front door . 146 . int . house - hall it be a narrow hall , which separate two room . from the leave room come a weird moan . the man look at each other . steiner walk to the room . 147 . int . room the entire long wall of the room be take up by a heap of straw cover with blanket . crowd together in the rear half of the room , face half - defiant , half - terrify , be about a dozen and a half women in Russian uniform . they carry no weapon . most of they be big breast , stocky woman . they full blouse , reach down over they hip be gather at the waist by broad belt . one or two be fairly young and attractive , and there be one exceed - ingly pretty girl . at the woman 's foot , bedd down on the straw , lie a young woman , the clothing stripped away from the upper part of she body , a blood -soak bandage cover she right breast . her eye be close , she emit the weird moan . anselm be guard they . steiner and the man stop in they track as they see the woman . anselm ( grin broadly ) I hope you put I in for the Iron Cross , sergeant . I take they single -hande . kruger well , what do we do with they ? steiner what do you do with armed guerrilla , male or female ? schnurrbart this be not guerrilla . they be regular uniform troops . besides -- they have no arm . steiner if they be regular troops , we will treat they as we must treat all prisoner in we situation . schnurrbart ( gasp ) you mean , shoot they ? steiner do you see any other way ? if one of they escape and get to the Russian line before we , we be do for . zoll steiner be right . the woman must be kill . steiner ( look at Zoll ) despite the fact that you agree with I , I still feel I be right . his glance fall on the wounded woman . he with a expression of wild horror . beside she speak in Russian . steiner what do she say , kruger ? kruger she say there 's a kettle of hot she be look at a older woman water in the room across the hall . please help the girl , she say . steiner anselm , get the water . we will clean the wound . anselm ( bewilder ) what 's the sense of fix she up , if you be go to shoot she ? steiner ( sharply ) get the water . anselm shrug , goe out . steiner ( to kruger ) ask they where they come from and where they be go . tell they if they lie to we we will throw they in the creek . kruger talk in Russian , the older woman , who appear to be a officer , reply . kruger ( to steiner ) they belong to the B d th woman 's mortar battalion and be on they way from maihop to krimskaya . I think she 's tell the truth . steiner look grim . anselm come in with a bowl of hot water , set it on the floor . 148 . mo . shot - steiner and wounded woman as he bend down beside she . she try to roll back against the wall . steiner take it easy . what do you think I want to do ? he lift the bandage . we do not see the wound , but from steiner 's face , we know that it be a serious one . steiner ( open he first aid kit ) be you in pain ? the woman understand , nod . steiner ( enigmatically ) the pain will be over soon . he start to wash the wound . in the b.g. , we can see that the other woman have not change they posture . they be still huddle together against the wall , fearfully watch he movement . steiner lay a compress on the wound . kruger this be ridiculous . a nice clean bandage -- then a bullet . before steiner can reply there be a noise at the door . 149 . mo . shot - kern and old russian kern have he gun in the Russian 's back . the Russian be squat and stocky and despite he age look powerful . ( grin proudly ) he practically walk into we arm -- old russian ( to steiner , raise he hand pleadingly ) Captain -- steiner push he in the direction of the woman , motion for he to lie down . as the old man reel , several of the woman scream . I have a look at the wagon , sergeant -- there 's plenty of food . can . stuff . steiner good . Zoll , you stay here . if any of the woman start anything , shoot she at once . zoll ( as they walk off ) when do I get to eat ? steiner do not be in such a hurry . who want to eat ? he start out . 150 . close shot - pair of highly polished officer's boot camera pan up to a mo . shot of Colonel brandt on the telephone . the scene be obviously he new headquarters in krimskaya , the second floor of a Russian building . Captain kiesel stand near the window , listen . brandt yes , General .... yes , General , we be so solidly dig in , it seem almost a shame -- ( smile ironically at kiesel ) I say that , General , because in four or five day -- we will be drive out of this beautifully dig - in position . ( another smile to kiesel ) certainly , General . I know about german valor . without that valor , I would not give we more than two day -- yes , General . I will , sir . ( hang up , shrug in kiesel ' S direction ) the General be short with I ; but he know the truth as well as I do . kiesel of course . it 's always he who order we to fall back , be not it ? there be a knock at the door . brandt come in . a orderly open the door for a captain . captain kilius Captain kilius report , sir . brandt oh , yes . you have you order ? kilius yes , sir . and a letter for you . brandt ( as he open the envelope ) this be Captain kiesel -- kiesel and kilius shake hand . brandt Captain kilius come to we from the western Front . kiesel really ? whatever induce you to leave , Captain ? kilius smile wanly . brandt , read the letter , snort loudly . brandt do not you once mention Captain stransky 's good connection ? kiesel there be a Major General stransky attach to Army High Command , South . he be , I think , a cousin of Captain stransky 's . brandt I see . ( toss letter on table as if it be filth ) you can guess what that be , can not you ? kiesel his transfer , of course . brandt ( grimly ) exactly . herr stransky be to report to Paris within a week . there 's a silence in the room as if both man have forget the presence of kilius . then brandt recover . he turn to kilius . brandt please excuse I ' Captain . my orderly will arrange for you billete . kiesel do not unpack too thoroughly . we will be on the move soon . kilius ( smile ) thank you , Colonel brandt . se salute , leave . kiesel he 's so new here , he do not even ask in which direction . brandt that bastard , stransky ! ( shrug ) without steiner to contradict he , he will get he Iron Cross and strut all over Paris . that arrogant bastard ! ( pause ) so stransky will be in Paris , while steiner -- ( look glumly out the window ) God know where he be -- 151 . close shot - steiner stuff food into he mouth . the camera pull back to show the scene as the exterior of the house , at one of the wagon . the other man be eat greedily too . steiner turn , look toward the window of the house . 152 . close shot - zoll be face - at window the camera pull back to take in the Russian female prisoner and the old man . the woman be still huddle close together as close to the wall as they can get . they be asleep or pretend to be asleep . the wounded woman lie with she head on another woman 's lap . her eye be close and she moan softly in she sleep . 153 . mo . shot - old man and young girl they be sit in the forefront , and be the only one not asleep . they head be together and they be whisper . the girl be no more than twenty and very pretty . the old man 's expression be very worried . 154 . mo . shot - zoll as he turn from the window . he see the old man and the young girl whisper . zoll shut up , you two ! the old man and young girl draw slightly apart . the girl look at Zoll and she expression be frighten . 155 . close shot - zoll as he look she figure . he look at away , walk not to look 156 . mo . the old man resume he at the girl . his eye glide searchingly over it be very evident what he be think . she quite a while , then , with a effort , turn to the door , stand with he back to it , try at the girl . shot - girl and old man have move closer to she , and have cautiously whisper . the girl 's expression be still tense . she draw back in fright as Zoll suddenly come into the scene . zoll I tell you to be quiet , do not he lift he foot and , kick he boot against the old man 's shoulder , send he sprawling on he back . the old man look up at he , then , as if resign , turn over on he side . Zoll look at the girl . it be some time before he take he gaze away . then , he walk to the window , look out again . in the b.g. , we see the man group around the fire , evidently eat . after a moment , Zoll turn away from the window . the camera be close on he face and we see he gape and stand roote to the spot . the camera pull back to take in Zoll and the young girl . her head be bow and she be finger she blouse . the top button be already open . she do not look at Zoll and she slowly unfasten the second button . Zoll gulp , then look at the old man who be lie on he side , eye close . Zoll 's eye take in the rest of the room , the camera panning with he gaze . most of the woman seem to be asleep , or be sit with head droop , stare at the floor . then , the camera come to rest on the young girl again . she be look steadily toward Zoll who watch she in fascination . she unfasten another button . then she close one eye in a slow wink and smile at Zoll . 157 . close shot - zoll he hold he breath . he be perspire slightly . 158 . mo . shot - zoll and girl the door to the hall be in the b.g . the girl have now unbuttone the last button and be look smilingly at Zoll , who stand hesitant . ' but now , the tread of heavy boot be heard in the hall . Zoll hurriedly jump to the wall and come to a attitude of strict attention . the door open and schnurrbart appear . schnurrbart everything all right ? Zoll manage to nod indifferently . out of the corner of he eye he look toward the girl . she be hold she blouse close and stare vacantly at the floor . schnurrbart as soon as kern have finish eat he will take over so you can eat . ( he eye rove over the prisoner ) they asleep ? zoll ( curtly ) they seem to be . he be anxious for schnurrbart to leave , but schnurrbart take he time . he come all the way into the room , he eye on the prisoner . zoll ( impatiently ) what do you want ? everything be all right . schnurrbart do not it seem funny to you that they be all asleep ? zoll why be it so funny ? schnurrbart shrug , go out . Zoll kick the door shut quickly turn to look at the girl . 159 . mo . shot - the girl she have open she eye and be look encouragingly at Zoll . when he do not stir , she spread she blouse open , put she hand under she undershirt . with she other hand she beckon to Zoll . 160 . close shot - zoll he dig he tooth into he lower lip . he stand as if nail to the spot . his eye sweep over the head of the other prisoner . pause upon the face of the man . although the old man be lie with close eye , Zoll look at he suspiciously . but then he look toward the girl again -- 161 . mo . shot - the girl she smile at Zoll and begin to push herself along the floor toward he . this overcome Zoll 's fear . he take one last look at the old man , then beckon to the girl with a movement of he head . zoll ( softly ) come . come with I . she hesitates and glance at the old man for the briefest moment . his eye be still close , he back be to they . zoll ( hoarsely , with another gesture ) I say -- come . the coquettish smile on the girl 's face have vanish . there be fear in she eye . she do not move . he take one long stride to she , grasp she shoulder tightly , pull she to she foot . he throw another glance at the old man who do not stir . abruptly , Zoll pull the resisting girl by the waist to the door . he throw open the door , pull the girl into the hall . 162 . mo . shot - in hall - zoll look madly around . there be a door on the opposite side of the hall . he turn to the girl , see that she be try with she free hand to button she blouse . Zoll shove she toward the opposite door . 163 . int . opposite room as the door be flung open and Zoll , drag the girl , come in . the room be sparsely furnish , its chief feature be a huge wardrobe closet against the one wall . as Zoll lay he tommy gun down in a corner , the girl suddenly break loose and run toward the door . in two bound , Zoll be at she side . he throw she to the ground , fall on she , panting with exertion and excitement . she try to defend herself , she clench hand battle against he face and she begin to scream . Zoll , who have rip she blouse off she shoulder , drag one of the blanket over she face , smother she scream . 164 . hall - the old russian stand hesitant as he hear the muffled scream . then he run to the front door , peer cautiously out , run out . 165 . ext . house - at wagon - the men have just about finish eat . kruger ( sit up suddenly ) what be that ? anselm what be what ? kruger ( overlap ) I think I hear a shot . steiner I hear it . it be a shot , all right ... kern' voice ( faint and far off ) rolf -- kruger -- anselm it 's kern ! he and kruger run off . then the other follow . 166 . full shot - kern lying on ground anselm and kruger run in , bend over he . steiner and schnurrbart come in . kruger he 's hurt -- kern be hurt -- steiner look grimly in the direction of the hut . anselm maybe a company of Russians have come up . schnurrbart one shot , and it 's a company of Russians ! ( gasp ) the old Russian -- he run past -- steiner what ! sorry , steiner -- I be in no position to -- he grab my gun -- he fall silent , he eye close . steiner bend over to examine he . kruger how bad be he ? steiner ( get up ) he 's probably finish . do what you can for he . ( look grimly toward hut ) I think I will have a few word with herr Zoll . as he start away , the man look down worriedly at kern . 167 . int . hall - of hut as steiner come running in . he be about to enter the room on the right when he hear whimpering from within the room on the leave . he listen for a moment , then the whimpering be heard again . steiner lift he foot , kick the door in . 168 . int . room - zoll who be fasten the buckle on he belt , whirl around as the door fly open . the girl lie on the floor naked and whimper . Zoll stare incredulously at steiner in the doorway . for a few second they merely stare at each other . then steiner come slowly into the room and slowly approach Zoll until he be right in front of he . the whimpering of the girl stop . steiner I hope you have a good time , because you be go to pay quite a price for it . he raise he gun . Zoll take a step backward in terror . zoll ( incredulously ) you be not go to shoot I ? steiner you leave you post , you let a prisoner escape , you have endangered all we life . zoll but steiner , he be asleep -- I swear it -- he be asleep . steiner hesitates , then he eye fall on something . 169 . close shot - the single -doored wardrobe it fill the entire leave corner of the room . it be massively build , but have no lock , the door can only be close by a wooden catch . 170 . mo . shot - steiner and zoll steiner ( to Zoll , indicate wardrobe ) open the door . Zoll do not move , he face reflect fear . then , invol - untarily , he glance toward he t the farthest corner of the room . steiner ( coldly ) do not try it . you could not get ommy gun -- out of reach in steiner catch he glance . there . come on , open the wardrobe . zoll not until you tell I why you want I to open it . steiner ( in sudden fury ) go on , go on , hurry up . Zoll turn quickly , walk to ward little . steiner more . robe , open the door a Zoll pull the door wide open . the wardrobe be empty inside , steiner nod in satisfaction . he turn he head for a moment to see that the girl 's gaze be fix upon he . he turn to Zoll . steiner if she have a gun she would fill we both . get into the wardrobe . Zoll , he eye wide with fear , take a quick step to the side . steiner step up to Zoll , whacks he across the face with the heavy barrel of he gun . Zoll let out a wild shriek , press both hand against he nose , which stream blood . steiner , ignore he cry , shove he into the wardrobe . steiner slam the door shut , push the wooden catch down . from within , come Zoll 's muffled voice -- " steiner -- steiner -- " steiner ( loudly ) if you make a sound , I will fire through the wood . from the side he tug at the wardrobe until he have move it somewhat away from the wall . then , he squeeze between the wall and the rear of the wardrobe . he brace he back against the wail and , with a mighty shove , push the wardrobe over . it crash to the floor , send up a cloud of dust , behind which appear the girl 's white face . for a few second there be silence , then Zoll begin to shout and kick . steiner hammer the butt of he gun against the rear wall of the wardrobe . the shout stop . steiner stop the racket . and do not be ungrateful . for you , the war be over . ( he turn to the girl ; gesture ) you stay here . he look at the wardrobe with grim satisfaction , walk out . 171 . int . hall as steiner come out . he hear a woman shout from the other room . steiner cross to the room . 172 . int . other room as steiner come in . a woman shout at he . steiner ( look at the wounded woman} how do you feel ? any better ? the woman just stare up at he . steiner kneel , look at the bandage . anselm , kruger and schnurrbart come running in , in a state of great excitement . the former have a roll of map in he hand , the latter carry a walkie-talkie . anselm sergeant -- we be rummage through the second wagon and look what we -- steiner you pick a lovely time to go souvenir hunt . what good be a Russian walkie- talkie to we ? what have you get ? anselm a pretty goddamn good map . it 's not only get they position in front of krimskaya -- it 's get ours , too . steiner why , that 's almost german efficiency . he spread the map on the table , look kruger what do you make of it ? steiner a work of art . what Colonel brandt would not give to have this . ( look at map again ) they company Three be pretty well spread out . right opposite be a hill mark on we side . ( again examine map ) the best spot to cross look like number Three 's spot . kruger through a whole company ? at it critically . anselm and in we gorgeous gray - green uniform , some chance we would have . steiner it 's the only chance we have . the dark will give we some -- he pause , as he eye fall upon the Russian woman . he stand silent as the man look at he . kruger . steiner tell they to undress . kruger who ? steiner ( impatiently ) they , the woman . tell they to then he turn to undress . 173 . close shot - wardrobe - zoll can be heard banging feebly on the door . 174 . other room the man be in various stage of jon the woman 's uniform . they be grumble . schnurrbart where in hell be Zoll ? there be a sudden silence . the man look at steiner , who be search around for a blouse . steiner I do not think we have to worry about he . kruger have he skip out ? steiner what would you have do in he place ? hurry up , or we will have a Russian regiment on we neck . kruger ( burst out ) suppose we do sneak through the Russian line ? we own man will mow we down , we look like a pack of damned Russians ! a silence fall upon the man . steiner do not you prefer a german bullet to a Russian one ? where 's you national pride ? bitter , raucous laughter from the man . the man , the uniform in they arm , start for the door , with backward glance at the woman . the man go . 175 . mo . shot - steiner and kruger who be bring up the rear . the old Russian woman shout some thing . steiner what do you say ? kruger she still want to know where the young girl be . steiner tell she when we be go , to look across the hall . kruger speak to the woman . the wounded woman moan . steiner , he face expressionless , bend , lift the bandage . inspect the wound . kruger how do it look ? steiner ( get up ) she 's a goner . very soon now . the wounded woman , look up at they intently , speak in low , halting tone . steiner look inquiringly at kruger , who shrug . kruger she say how do we like it now that they have we on the run ? steiner be silent a moment . steiner have you get a answer to that ? kruger no . steiner ( grimly ) then , let 's go . he stalk out , follow by kruger . 176 . full shot - the women be don whatever clothing the man have leave behind . other have drape blanket around themselves . Three woman be bend over the wounded woman . from the ex - pression on they face we know that the end be near for they wounded compatriot . 177 . mo . shot - woman at window she be peer out cautiously . after a few moment . she turn and say something in Russian to the other woman . several come hasten to the window , look out . 178 . long shot - women' Pov in the b.g. , we see the man walk off . with steiner in the lead , they disappear into the wood . 179 . mo . shot - women - at window they turn and they face express grim satisfaction . then , a large woman , evidently the leader , look through the open door , across the hall to the door beyond . her face set . the woman follow she gaze . 180 . int . opposite room - the wardrobe be lie flat on the floor . the camera move up closer to it . 181 . int . wardrobe - zoll be lie on he stomach , he head rest on he arm , he mouth to a small crack in the plank . after a moment , he raise himself up on one elbow , listen carefully . he think he hear something -- but evidently he be mistaken . he lie flat on the floor again . then he reach for he glass which be lie by he side . he inspect they ; they be break . he shake he head in anger . he press he mouth to the crack again , breathes . the neat be intense . he wipe the perspiration from he face . finally he open the button of he shirt , pull down he trousers and turn over on he back . he lie still and quiet for a few moment , then a expression of great fear come into he face . he call out ! zoll steiner -- ! steiner -- kruger -- ! schnurrbart ! I be in here -- ! there be not a sound , and Zoll 's fear grow . zoll ( yell ) steiner -- do you hear I ! let I out ! schnurrbart -- it 's Zoll , I be in here -- ! his shouting have become frantic . he pound on the door . he crook he body and beat he heel against the bottom of the wardrobe . he dig he hand into the crack of the door and pull until he finger be bleed . at last , he lie still , punting for air . then , he expression freeze . there be the SOUND of softly advance footstep . the wardrobe begin to move . twice , Zoll be jolted against the wood -- and suddenly there be daylight . 182 . ext . wardrobe - the crowd of women be group around the wardrobe , the door of which have be smashed open . 183 . mo . shot - zoll - on floor of wardrobe stun , he pull himself up to a half -sitting position and blink in speechless terror at the crowd of mock face that be bend over he , at row of breast bulg out of dirty underwear . suddenly , dozen of hand reach into the wardrobe , grip he hair , he clothes , he limb , pull he up and hurl he to the floor of the room . as he start to defend himself , he arm and leg be pinion , he clothes tear off , and a rain of merciless blow beat down upon he . Russian curse fill the air . 184 . close shot - holl face as the blow rain on he . just above he be the face of the young Russian girl he have rape . her hair hang in tangle strand over she forehead , she eye gleam like green glass light from within . she do not strike he or curse he as the other be do . she only stand stoop above he , stare at he in silence . and as Zoll look into she face , the blood run down he fore - head , bubbles out of he nose and mouth . he jerk and writhes under the kick and punch . 185 . full shot - women as they beat Zoll , who be hide from the camera . suddenly , there break from he a scream that no longer resemble anything human . the scream paralyze the woman . for a moment , they stop the beat . several hold they hand to they ear . then , one woman shake off the paralysis . with both foot at once , she jump on the bellow , twitching , bleed body . the other spring on he , too , stamp , scream and kick . 186 . close shot - dozen of boot as they jump up and down mercilessly on Zoll 's body . 187 . long shot - from hall - through OPEN door at the spectacle . gradually , the kick and jump stop . the woman turn , file slowly out of the room . two of they have they arm around the softly weep young girl . when the last have walk past the camera , it start to move slowly toward the batter body in the center of the room . 188 . close shot - holl feet lie quietly on the floor . a ray of sunlight be come through the window -- and we see the foot lie in a pool of flicker light . 189 . int . dark room dimly lit by one candle . at the window , he back to camera stand a half - dress man . evidently , he have be rouse from bed . o.s. we hear another man 's voice . man' voice -- they will be come through at Hill 124 at 0400 . sergeant steiner and what 's leave of he platoon . they signal will be two flare in quick succession . then a count of four and a third flare . we be to hold we fire . the man at the window turn and we see that it be Captain stransky . his lip be set tight . the camera pull back to reveal the scene as stransky 's bedroom . the man who have be speak be Lieutenant triebig . stransky ( after a moment ) I see . who receive this message ? triebig corporal stemple . stransky be there anybody with stemple ? triebig no , sir . pause . stransky how well do you know stemple ? triebig ( a split second 's hesitation ) very well , sir . stransky he 's a very good -- ah -- " friend " of yours ? triebig ( not look at he ) yes , sir . stransky look at he closely . triebig he know how I feel about sergeant steiner . a look pass between the two man . stransky then I take it that only you , I and this stemple know about this message . triebig that 's right , sir . pause . stransky indicate two pack bag on the floor . stransky you know , of course , that I be leave for Paris ? triebig of course , sir . stransky ( evenly ) I could arrange to have you send for . or would you have some objection to continue on as my adjutant in Paris ? for a moment , triebig merely gasp . triebig ( stammer ) you do not know how grateful I would be to you for that . stransky ( after a moment ) if I send you out on a patrol -- just four man -- two machine - gunner -- if , in the dark , you see half a dozen man in Russian uniform advance on you , could anyone blame you if you open fire ? triebig blink . stransky 's voice change . it ring like steel . stransky get that creature steiner off my neck and I guarantee that you will survive this war . he must not come back even if you have to kill he with you bare hand . triebig stand stunne , incapable of speech . stransky I know from reliable source that the man in this bridgehead have be write off . everyone south of perekop will suffer the same fate as the sixth Army at stalingrad . do you want to be here then ? triebig ( a hoarse whisper ) no . stransky within five day after I reach Paris , you will have you order to join I . you know my connection . what do you say , triebig ? triebig ( stare up at stransky 's flushed face , swallow hard ) I -- do not know . stransky you have the choice . you can rot here in a grave , or guzzle champagne in France . which do you prefer ? pause . triebig May I know one thing ? stransky what be that ? they eye lock . triebig why be it so important to you ? if you be leave here in a few hour , it should not matter to you what happen to steiner . stransky step over to the window to stare out into the darkness . finally : stransky ( in measure tone ) what happen to steiner be more important to I than whether we win or lose the war . ( turn ) but you will not understand that . it 's my personal affair , triebig . ( pause ) be you go through with it or not ? the camera move up to a close shot of triebig 's face as he stand , indecisive . 190 . close shot -kruger's face the camera pull back to show that he be look at the outstretch figure of kern who be cover by a blanket up to he chin . the scene be a open field . it be quite dark . schnurrbart come running in . kruger do you honestly think we can slip through ? schnurrbart well , we would have a better chance if we do not have to -- ( more ) ( look at the sleep - ing figure of kern , lower he voice ) -- lug he along . kruger what else can we do ? ( pause ) too bad about kern . that 's all we need . suddenly the scene darken . the man look up . 191 . moon - there Pov it be cover by thick cloud . 192 . mo . shot - schnurrbart and kruger schnurrbart that 's the end of the moon for tonight . that 's lucky anyhow . suddenly kern turn on he side and let out a terrible cry . kruger and schnurrbart start . the scream continue to issue out of kern like a endless coil of sound unwind and unwind from he throat . schnurrbart kern ! -- kern ! -- for God 's sake -- ! but the scream continue . 193 . full shot steiner , anselm come running in . steiner side . schnurrbart ( anxiously ) he will have the Russians on we neck -- the scream continue . anselm ( hysterically ) shoot he ! shoot he ! or it 's the end of we ! kneel at kern 's steiner turn such a look of scorn upon anselm that he subside immediately , shame - face . steiner ( hold flashlight close to kern 's face ) be quiet now -- you do not have to be afraid -- we be all with you . the scream , which have be dwindling , bend to listen to he heart . kruger if we only have a medic with we . he ought to have a shot or morphine . steiner ( dully ) he 's dead . silence a moment . anselm why be hypocrite about it ? it 's better for kern and it 's better for we . we could not get through stop . steiner the line carry he . steiner ( enigmatically ) yes , he be good enough to die in time . anselm what do we do now , bury he ? steiner we have not get the time . let the Russians do it . schnurrbart at least we be go to have some sort of service , be not we ? steiner I see . you believe in God ? schnurrbart at any rate , I believe we be dependent on someone who decide we fate . steiner I believe in God , too , but I think he 's a sadist . pause . the man be silent . steiner all right . for the sake of schnurrbart who believe in God , and so that it should not be bring up against we at the peace table , we will have a service . ( grimly ) Gather around . they do . steiner look down at kern . steiner if kern have die at home , a few dozen , maybe even a hundred people would be stand around he grave in they best dark clothes . and they would say , " so young , it I 's always the best who go first " -- a few week later they would have forget he . let we not forget he . and let 's not feel too sorry for he . at least now , he 's rid of he guilt . ( pause ) cover he up -- and let 's go . steiner stride off . the man stand a moment , then follow he off . dissolve to : 194 . ext . sloping field - night - full shot as see from a trench . the camera move up to a mo . shot of triebig and four men in the trench . two machine gun have be set up . we see triebig steal a furtive look at he watch . then he look out over the field , he eye try to pierce the darkness . the camera follows he gaze , move slowly down the field . in the b.g. we begin to perceive a huddle mass . the camera move closer and we see steiner and he man , lie flat on the find . steiner be look at he watch . then he look toward schnurrbart who raise a flare gun , fire two quick flare . 195 . mo . shot - triebig and the four men they face visible in the light o{ the flare . triebig 's expression be tense . he turn to the man who be man the machine gun . triebig look sharp -- we may be get visitor . the light from the flare die away . a brief interval and the third flare go up . in its light , we see steiner and he man run for the trench . triebig Russians ! Fire ! the two machine gun OPEN FIRE . the scream of man mix with the rattle of gun . we see three man drop . then the light be go . all be darkness again . triebig ( peer into the darkness ) steady now -- they may be come on again . a moment 's silence , then : steiner' voice ( shouting ) sergeant steiner here , do not shoot ! triebig 's face go white . now , figure be see run again , for the trench out of the darkness , they arm upraise . steiner it 's US -- sergeant steiner ! do not shoot ! for a moment triebig stand paralyze , he face contort . then , when steiner be almost upon he , triebig raise he tommy gun , point it at steiner 's chest . one of triebig be men ( frantically ) do not Lieutenant -- it 's one of we man ! triebig , unheed , be about to press the trigger when the man hit he arm . triebig 's gun fire harmlessly into the sky . steiner and another figure jump into the trench . 196 . mo . shot - triebig slump against the rear wall of the trench . he be stare wildly at steiner who be bent over double , try to catch he breath . his companion be also breathe heavily . we see it be kruger . the man who have deflect triebig 's aim address he . you see , Lieutenant , I be right . it 's we man . triebig , still stare at steiner , can not answer . now steiner be stand erect . he fix a steely glance triebig . steiner why do you fire ? ( savagely ) you get we message ! triebig finally find he voice . triebig uh--uh -- what message ? kruger ( with nervous anger ) we say we be come through in Russian uniform -- and where and when -- triebig ( not look at on anyone ) I do not know anything about any -- ( he voice trail off ) kruger schnurrbart send it . he -- ( look around ) where 's schnurrbart ? a silence fall as the man turn to look through the at the field . finally -- steiner ( voice low but tight ) be anselm there too ? kruger ( barely audible ) darkness he must be . ( pause , puzzle ) I do not get it . how could they help see it be we ? steiner turn to look at triebig . then he turn back to he man . steiner ( voice still low ) bring they in . kruger ( stupidly ) who ? steiner who do you think ? schnurrbart and anselm . kruger but they must be dead . steiner I know they be dead . bring they in . ( to triebig 's man ) give they a hand . triebig 's man look to he for approval . triebig barely nod he head , so they scramble up the trench with kruger and disappear into the darkness . 197 . mo . shot - triebig and steiner as steiner turn to face the terrify Lieutenant . triebig wait for steiner to speak but the sergeant do not say a word . he just look at triebig 's ashen face . for a few brief moment , triebig try to stand up under steiner 's unrelent 's tare but he cannot -- and break . triebig ( hysterically ) it be not I -- I begge he -- ! but he insisted -- steiner 's face show no surprise . triebig he could have I shot , Captain stransky ! ( he hysteria grow ) I say to he -- what do it matter to you what happen to steiner -- I begge he -- I -- he be practically shouting now . the man can be heard running back from the field . steiner 's lap triebig hard , across the cheek , silencing he . his head be down as the man appear carry two body . with the help of the other man they lower the body into the trench . not a word be say . finally the silence be break by kruger . kruger they be finish ail right , both of they . steiner ( after a moment ) take they back to battalion . the least we can do be bury they decently . ( as the man be slow to comply ) hurry up , it will be light soon . 198 . close shot - triebig as the man set about pick up the body , he look anxiously at steiner . 199 . close shot - steiner his eye be fastened upon the two body . he do not look at triebig . 200 . full shot - the group as they start down the trench with the two body . triebig and steiner be in the rear . as triebig start to follow , steiner step quickly to he side . 201 . close shot -steiner and triebig steiner ( a fierce whisper ) stay here ! triebig but -- steiner ( he gun in triebig 's rib ) stay here ! triebig freeze . 202 . long shot - the group from steiner 's and triebig 's angle , the group disappear into the darkness . 203 . mo . shot - steiner and triebig triebig turn terrify eye on steiner who be look in the direction of the depart man . then he turn to triebig . steiner ( point to top trench ) climb up . triebig why ? steiner climb up ! triebig ( quavering ) you be not go to shoot I --? steiner ( grimly ) I promise you I be not go to shoot you . unless , of course , you do not get up there at once . triebig cast a anxious , appeal look at steiner who wave to the top of the trench with he gun . raise himself to the top , sit on the edge . steiner stand up ! triebig stand up slowly , then turns.around . triebig steiner , I -- steiner turn around ! ( as triebig hesitates ) turn around , or I shoot ! triebig turn . he be now a figure in the darkness . steiner reach into he belt , take something out -- shoot off a flare . the figure of triebig be brightly illuminated . triebig ( scream ) steiner -- ! but he scream be lose in the rat - tat - tat of bullet from the Russian side . triebig 's both hand reach into the air . he reel , fall heavily back into the trench . for a moment , steiner look down at the dark shape , the light of the flare go . then he turn , walk quickly in the direction the man have take . dissolve to 204 . ext . krimskaya STREET house - day - long shot a sentry stand guard outside . steiner , dress now in a rather makeshift german uniform , walk into the scene , exchange a few word with the sentry , enter the house . 205 . int . room of house - brandt and kiesel be face the door expectantly . it open and steiner come in . brandt greet he with a outstretch arm . brandt well , well , steiner - - you be a wonder ! ( pump he hand vigorously ) how you ever get through with you platoon - steiner ( wryly ) another man and I , Colonel . that 's my platoon . kiesel I imagine you have a long report to make , sergeant . you would better have a cigarette first . he reach for he cigarette case . brandt I do not have to hear the report to know there 's a Iron Cross in it for you , steiner . ( quickly ) now , do not tell I what I can do with it . the phone ring . brandt pick up the receiver as kiesel light steiner 's cigarette . 206 . mo . shot - kiesel and steiner brandt' voice yes , yes , Captain stransky . steiner stiffen . this be not lose on kiesel , who snap he lighter shut . 207 . mo . shot - brandt on phone steiner and kiesel in b.g. brandt ( coldly ) I be sorry , Captain kiesel and I will be need my staff car almost immediately . it 's only a mile and a half to the air strip . you can walk it in twenty minute -- good - bye , Captain . ( dryly ) I hope thing be not too rough in Paris . ( hang up ) I could let the bastard have the car , but to hell with he . let he walk . ( to steiner ) well , I be anxious to hear you story . it must be astounding . steiner May I make a request , Colonel ? brandt of course . steiner could I have a few hour sleep before I make the report ? brandt why certainly -- even though I be consume with curiosity . kiesel there 's a empty room in the next house . why do not you nap there -- and report when you be rest . steiner thank you very much . I will do that . he goe . the two officer be silent for a moment . brandt stransky in Paris ...! what I can not understand be why this creature be the one to escape . stransky of all people . ( walk to window and look out ) do you know what I be look at ? steiner run down the road like a madman . kiesel which road ? brandt the road to the air strip . kiesel run toward the door . brandt ( sharply ) where be you go ? kiesel I have get to stop steiner ... he will kill stransky . brandt you will stay here . kiesel continue to stand , indecisive , at the door . brandt 's tone become harder . brandt I have give you a order . kiesel Colonel -- you be make I guilty as a accomplice . brandt ( straighten up ) I be on the point of lead my regiment into a cul - de- sac from which it have not the slight chance of escape . ( ironically ) if the whole fuhrer business be to start tomorrow , what would I most likely do ? I would close my eye again - I would click my heel , I would ' march , I would heel ! Germany will lose this war but Germany will survive . ( put bottle on the table ) -- my last bottle of wine . Captain , will you join I in drink to the success of steiner 's mission -- whatever it be ? he start to pour . 208 . ext . AIR strip - long shot there be several small plane on the field . several men be loung about . one small plane stand on the edge of a runway . its motor be warming up . the camera swing away from the strip towards the road lead to the air strip . a tiny figure be discernible in the distance . 209 . mo . shot - stransky a bag in each hand , be walk toward the strip . the SOUND of running footstep behind he cause he to turn . a figure be run towards he . his jaw drop as he see it be steiner . steiner be now close to he . we have a luger in he hand . the bag fall from stransky 's hand as he see the luger . stransky steiner --! steiner clasp you hand behind the back of you head . as stransky hesitates , steiner make a menace move with the luger . stransky put he hand behind he head . stransky be you aware of what you be do ? you be deal with a officer -- steiner I think that for the time be , we can forget about the difference in we rank -- and class . stransky steiner -- you will hang for this -- steiner I doubt it . stransky I do not know what you be plan , but you will never get away with it . this be a heavily travel road . steiner in that case , I will be quick . for a long time , Captain stransky , I have not have anything to live for -- for a long time -- but the Russians could not do it , disease could not kill I ? poor Lieutenant triebig could not do it . not even you could manage it ( move closer to stransky ) and not want to live , yet not willing to die , do you know what that kind of a conflict do to a man ? ( laugh in stransky 's face ) now , in a crazy sort of way I be grateful to you , Captain stransky . thanks to you , I be willing to die . I could shoot you and then the Army would hang I . but , no , that be not good enough . stransky ( he dignity go , he voice rise ) be you out of you mind ? steiner , if you will just think for a moment -- steiner I do think , Captain stransky . I think and think -- and do nothing ! stransky ( whimper now ) steiner -- steiner -- you be mad -- you be absolutely mad ! steiner step close to stransky . with he free hand , he pull a grenade from he belt . steiner stand close to I , Captain . stransky ( back away ) no -- no -- you can not -- steiner ( pull stransky to he ) this will do for the both of we -- the final fraternization -- stransky ( a whimper so low it can scarcely be hear ) steiner -- please -- steiner -- steiner pull the pin from the grenade , hold himself and stransky . steiner what 's the count before it go it between off ? stransky ( he lip move , but no sound come out ) -- steiner -- steiner Count with I , Captain -- one -- two -- the camera start to move up and away from steiner and stransky . steiner' voice -- Three -- four -- five -- six -- the camera be at tree top level now -- suddenly there be a shatter report . the branch of the tree tremble . the camera stays on the tree for a moment . the leave stop tremble . there be a vast silence now . the camera start to pull away again . as it doe : fade out : the end