crouch Tiger , Hidden Dragon by wang Hui ling , James schamus , tsai kuo jung base on the novel by wang du lu ext . yuan compound - day Security man and porter be load wagon for a convoy . as they work , we see across the lake a lone horseman enter the village . one of the man recognize he . worker master Li be here ! angle on : Li mu bai , thirty , powerful and handsome . in the background , old aunt Wu , at the sight of Li mu bai , drop she parcel and run excitedly into the building . int . yuan hallway - day aunt Wu run hurriedly through the hall . aunt wu shu lien ! int . yux room - day yu , a beautiful woman in she early 30 , be finish pack for the convoy , wrapping a few small item in a linen wrapper , as aunt Wu burst in . aunt wu Li mu bai be here ! int . yuan practice hall - day li how 's everything ? aunt wu Fine . please come in . yu sit , compose , as aunt Wu usher Li in . Li carry a large object , wrap in silk . yu smile . yu mu bai ... it 's be too long . li it have . ( he glance around the room ) how 's business ? yu good . and how be you ? li Fine . a awkward pause . yu monk Zheng say you be at wudan Mountain . he say you be practice deep meditation . li yes . yu the mountain must be so peaceful ... I envy you . my work keep I so busy , I hardly get any rest . li I leave the training early . yu why ? you be a wudan fighter . train be everything . li during my meditation training ... I come to a place of deep silence ... I be surround by light ... time and space disappear . I have come to a place my master have never tell I about . yu you be enlighten ? li no . I do not feel the bliss of enlightenment . instead ... I be surround by a endless sorrow . I could not bear it . I break off my meditation . I could not go on . there be something ... pull I back . yu what be it ? li something I can not let go of . you be leave soon ? yu we be prepare a convoy for a delivery to Peking . li perhaps I could ask you to deliver something to Sir Te for I . Li unwrap the object . it be a ancient , astonishingly beautiful sword . yu the Green destiny sword ? you be give it to Sir Te ? li I be . he have always be we great protector . yu I do not understand . how can you part with it ? it have always be with you . li too many man have die at its edge . it only look pure because blood wash so easily from its blade . yu you use it justly , you be worthy of it . li it 's time for I to leave it behind . yu so what will you do now ? Li do not reply . yu come with I to Peking . you can give the sword to Sir Te yourself . it will be just like old time . li first I must visit my master 's grave . it 's be many year since jade Fox murder he . I have yet to avenge he death . and yet I be think of quit . I must pray for he forgiveness . yu join I once you have finish . I can wait for you in Peking . li perhaps . ext . the gate to peking . day custom official have just finish check the content in a row of carriage bear the Sun Security insignia . the caravan slowly pass through the checkpoint into the boundary of Peking . yu , riding a handsome horse and clearly the leader , watch as she crew clear inspection . guard ok. pass . yu thanks . let 's go into the city . ext . outside a depot . day worker be busy unload the content from the carriage . boss giao be check off the merchandise -- a cargo of medicinal herb . giao everything get here safely . I be much oblige . yu just do my job . giao Sun Security have be the best since you father start it . you be a credit to he memory . yu thank you . giao I mean it . ext . day . peking from a gray tile roof , we can see Peking 's magnificent grid of house extend mile and mile out , freshly paint by the morning sun . ext . peking STREET . day dusty and congest as always , people , horse , and carriage be fight to get through the boulevard . a group of juggler perform at a corner . yu survey the busy street from on top of she horse . int . te's great hall - day yu present the sword to Sir Te . sir te this be Li 's personal sword , a great hero 's weapon ! he be the only one in the world worthy of carry it . it 's too fine a gift . I can not accept it . yu Sir Te ! it have bring he as much trouble as glory . help he to leave this trouble behind . otherwise , he will never be able to start anew . sir te all right . I will act as the sword 's custodian . De lu , the head servant , enter . do lu Governor yu have arrive . sir te I must change . yu ( get up ) you have always be so good to Li mu bai and I . please accept we thanks . sir te please do not be such a stranger . you will stay the night as my guest . now , shu lien ... tell I something . and forgive I for pry . you father be a great friend to I , and I think of you as my own daughter . yu please , Sir Te , what be it ? sir te Li mu bai give up he sword and he warrior day ... maybe he 's try to tell you something ? yu I do not know ... sir te do not be coy . I have always know about you feeling for each other . all this year , it 's a shame ... neither of you be brave enough to admit the truth to the other . you be both waste precious time . yu I beg you pardon . Li mu bai and I be not coward . sir te when it come to emotion , even great heroes can be idiot . tell I if Li mu bai be not more open the next time you see he . I will give he a earful ! int . te's study - day yu and De lu approach the study . do lu Sir Te say to leave the sword in here . De lu open the door and be startle to find a young woman inside . the woman be study the sheet of calligraphy hang on the wall . do lu who be you ? jen I be you guest today . I be Governor yu 's daughter . do lu this be Sir Te 's study . you be here to ... jen I be look for a quiet corner . do lu I be Sir Te 's head servant . and this be another of we guest . int . te's study - day yu gently lay the sword , still in its sheath , in Jen 's hand . jen it 's heavy for such a thin piece of metal ! yu the handle be heavy . and the blade be no ordinary metal . still , the sword be the lightest of weapon . you be just not use to handle it . jen but I have have much practice . as a child in the West , a platoon live with we . they would let I play with they weapon . the scabbard be so beautiful . yu beautiful but dangerous . once you see it taint with blood , its beauty be hard to admire . it 's 400 year old . jen exquisite ! you say it belong to ... yu my friend Li mu bai . he 's give it to Sir Te as a gift . jen Li mu bai ! the famous warrior ? why would he give he sword to Sir Te ? yu you be too young to understand . jen you be a sword fighter too ? yu yank the sword out of the sheath . a eerie sound resonate within the study . Jen be even more impressed . yu yes , I be . but I prefer the machete . certain move , however , call for a sword . jen really ? yu put the sword back in the case . jen ( longingly ) it must be exciting to be a fighter , to be totally free ! yu fighter have rule too : friendship , trust , integrity ... without rule , we would not survive for long . jen I have read all about people like you . roaming wild , beat up anyone who get in you way ! yu writer would not sell many book if they tell how it really be . jen but you be just like the character in the storey . yu sure . no place to bathe for day , sleep in flea-infested bed ... they tell you all about that in that book ? jen you know what I mean . I be get marry soon , but I have not live the life I want . yu so I hear . congratulation . it 's the most important step in a woman 's life , be not it ? jen you be not marry , be you ? yu what do you think ? jen no ! you could not roam around freely if you be . yu you be probably right . yu study Jen . the room fall silent for a moment . ext . side court yard - day it 's dusk and the sky be beautiful orange and purple . Jen be leave the study escort by she may . she turn to yu for a final good - bye . yu seem intrigue by the encounter . ext . sir te's compound - night two light lantern be raise up . int . te's study - night Sir Te hand the sword to Governor yu . sir te go ahead , Governor yu . Governor yu be impressed by the opulence and elegance of the sword . he close he eye to guess the weight of the sword . Te snub out the flame from a candle , then slide the sword out from its sheath . the sword give off a luminous blue glow in the dark . sir te two foot 9 inch long . 1 inch wide . the handle be 1 inch deep , 2.6 inch wide . Seven - tenth of a inch thick . with seven ruby miss from the hilt . you can tell the design date back to before the Chin era . engrave with a technique lose by the time of the han dynasty . governor yu you knowledge be remarkable , Sir Te . sir te a sword by itself rule nothing . it come alive only through skillful manipulation . governor yu I see you point . please continue . sir te the Imperial Court be not the problem . with royalty and official everywhere , the Royal Guard keep security tight . but Peking be not like the West . here , you will find all sort of character . proceed with caution in you quest for law and order . do not depend only on the court . contact in the giang Hu underworld can ensure you position . be strong , yet supple . this be the way to rule . int . jen' room - night a may warm she hand in a basin of hot water for Jen , then walk over to Jen and help remove she earring . someone knock and the may go to answer the door . maid governess ... governess let I do it . the may leave as the governess enter the room . jen please sit . governess I have make you silk pajamas . do you want to change into they ? jen put they down . governess I hear you meet shu lien today . jen do you know she ? governess she 's one of that . you mother would not want you consort with she kind . Jen shoot she a angry look . jen I will socialize with whomever I please . governess do not invite danger into you father 's house . she 's about to say something , then think better of it . jen I be tired now . governess go to bed then . miss have grow up , and be get marry soon . God know what the future will bring . jen it will be just the same . enough ! I be tired . governess Autumn be come . I will shut the window for you . the governess leave . Jen sit on the side of she bed , think . ext . te's compound - night a wide shot of the compound . a patrol man greet master bo , Sir Te 's head of security . the place be serene . master bo chilly , eh ? nightman yes , master bo. as bo walk on , shadow rustle in a treetop in the background . ext ./ int . inside and outside of te's study - night a mask figure silently open the window and enter the room . it move swiftly to the sword case , open it , and wrap the sword . bo enter , see the thief , who leap up to the ceiling . the thief step over bo and out into the courtyard . bo try to stop the thief , who easily outwit he , jump onto the roof as bo yell out . bo someone help ! stop he ! he 's on the roof ! the sword 's be steal ! stop thief ! stop he ! the thief skip a few time and jump off to a side street . bo grab a pole and run , as gong begin to sound , alert people to the theft . people rush outside , yu shu lien among they . ext . peking STREET - night bo run through the street . the thief be nowhere in sight . suddenly , there be sound of weapon clash . bo hurry towards the source . ext . a alley outside governor yux compound - night bo be surprised to see the hood figure battle with two other fighter -- tsai ( male , 40s ) and May , he daughter . tsai it 's jade Fox ! may we must avenge mother ! the hood figure do a gravity defy flip and soar over a wall , just as bo arrive . bo do something ! he 's get away ! ext . peking rooftop - night the thief run atop a roof -- right into yu . yu and the hood figure face off . yu return the sword , and I will let you go . the figure just regards she , slightly shifting weight . yu attack , but the figure repel she . yu you have be train at wudan ? the figure answer by leaping to another rooftop . yu catch up , and resume she attack with a relentless series of lightning - quick blow . ext . alley outside governor yux compound - night bo follow tsai and May , who be quickly walk away . tsai you be mistaken . we be just street performer . we be rehearse . may Father ! bo you be rehearse ? who be you try to fool ? May want to respond but be again cut off by tsai . they run off . bo where do that thief go ? bo look around and discover he have chase the thief into Governor yu 's compound . bo Governor yu 's house ! ext . roof top yu and the Black figure continue to fight . yu get down here ! give back the sword ! ext . governor yux - night yu slowly get the upper hand in she fight with the thief . a small arrow cut across the night and fly toward yu . she catch it , but the mask figure take the opportunity to get away . yu pause to feel the arrow in she hand , stand in the empty courtyard . ext . te's side entrance - day De lu escort yu into Te 's . do lu Sir Te await you . int . te's great hall - day Men be stand at attention . bo be give he account of what happen , as yu enter . bo I be sure the thief be in the yu household . sir te how dare you imply ? bo but I say -- sir te -- enough . the man hustle out . bo can barely contain he frustration . yu have Governor yu ever see the sword ? sir te yes , though I doubt he 's involved in this . yu but the sword could be in he compound . sir te then someone 's try to set he up . we should inform Li mu bai . ext . outside governor yux compound - night madam yu be return from temple . the governess be help she out of the carriage . servant be peel bill off a wall across the street . madam yu what be it ? maid madam yu , someone 's put up poster . a partially tear flyer with the word " jade Fox will not escape justice ! " be see on the ground . madam yu let I see . governess someone be after jade Fox . preposterous , look for she here ! madam yu nod and walk inside , as the governess toss the flyer away and follow she . a hand scoops up the flyer -- it be yu . she study it , then put it in she pocket , and move on . ext . bridge - day bo be search for the tsais . the bridge be full of juggler . but the two be nowhere to be find . ext . peking STREET - day bo quizze a homeless man . bo where be they ? homeless man I do not know . I have not see they in two day . bo be about to give up when he look up and see May walk quickly into a alley . bo follow she . ext . in front of tsai be house May walk into a dilapidate house surround by a break - down bamboo fence . bo inch closer and see May and tsai oiling they weapon . int . bo' room - day Jen practice calligraphy . the governess be by she side embroider and throw occasional glance at Jen . the may enter . maid there be a miss shu lien here to see you . Jen stop and look up at they . governess miss be busy right now . maid I will tell she . jen show she in . the governess shoot she a look . governess this spell trouble . jen I have a guest . the governess get up to leave just as the may show yu in . maid this way please . the governess and yu exchange quick glance . the governess bow slightly and depart . jen I have miss you . yu how so ? jen I be bored . yu see the calligraphy . yu you be do calligraphy ? jen I will write you name . just for fun . Jen write yu 's name with great confidence and swiftness . yu I never realize my name look like " sword . " Jen freeze slightly . yu you write gracefully . calligraphy be so similar to fencing . jen maybe it be . I would not know . the may enter with tea . jen please . yu thank you for see I . I hear you wedding day be near . you must be overwhelm by the preparation . jen I be hardly do a thing . the less I think of it the better . my parent be arrange everything . the gous be a very powerful family . my marrying one will be good for my father 's career . yu you be fornuate to marry into such a noble family . jen be I ? I wish I be like the heroes in the book I read . like you and Li mu bai . I guess I be happy to be marrying . but to be free to live my own life , to choose whom I love ... that be true happiness . yu do you think so ? let I tell you a story . jen about you and Li mu bai ? yu yes . do you know I be once engage to be marry ? jen no , really ? yu his name be meng Si Zhao . he be a brother to Li mu bai by oath . one day , while in battle , he be kill by the sword of Li mu bai 's enemy . after , Li mu bai and I go through a lot together . we feeling for each other grow stronger . but how could we dishonor meng 's memory ? so the freedom you talk about , I too desire it . but I have never taste it . jen too bad for meng , but it 's not you fault , or Li mu bai 's . yu I be not a aristocrat , as you be ... but I must still respect a woman 's duty . jen do not distance we . from now on , let 's be like sister . yu then as a sister , let I wish you happiness in you marriage . ext . yux garden - day the may escort yu out . yu pause , look around , and see the profile of the governess peer at she from around a corner . int . jen' room - night moonlight spill into the room , as Jen rise sleeplessly from bed and look out the window . a light breeze stir she hair . the sound of the wind rise , and slowly she face dissolves , into ... int . / ext . carriage / mongolian desert - day ... the face of a young , less sophisticated Jen , as she let the dry desert air flow through she hair . she sit in a carriage , part of a caravan , with guard on horseback , that be travel through the spectacular desert . across from she sit she mother , of whom she be barely cognizant . madam yu what a godforsake place ! can not you father be appoint closer to civilization ? Jen ... be you listen to I ? Jen be still look out the side of the carriage , at a beautiful mountainside . int . jen' room - night Jen sigh , and turn back toward she bed . ext . STREET outside governor yux compound - night tsai and May have be sit , hide in the branch of a tree , watch Jen . tsai let 's go ! they drop down silently and walk away . from another rooftop , lo look silently on . ext . tsai be house - night tsai and May enter the house . int . tsai be house - night Inside the tiny house , they discover a hood figure go through they belonging . immediately tsai throw a knife , which rip off the figure 's mask -- revealing bo. tsai have another long knife at he throat . tsai who be you ? bo wait ! I be a friend ! tsai pause . int . tsai be house - night ( later ) May fan a small coal - fire grill that be boil a sizzling pot of vegetable and meatball soup . her father and bo be now friendly dinner companion , much to May 's delight . tsai I do not care about you sword . bo why be you spying on the yus ? tsai I be look for someone . jade Fox . I be a police inspector from shaan xi , gen Su district . jade Fox be a master criminal . I hear she infiltrate the yus . she must have come with they when they transfer here . but with yu 's reputation , I can not just go in and accuse she . bo this jade Fox be a woman ? tsai yes . bo then leave she to I . tsai pardon I , but I doubt you can handle she . my wife be quite a martial art expert . jade Fox kill she . so you see , this be personal . leave she to I . may it 's ready ! ( be : the soup ) bo I be ready for anything ! bo fish into the pot with he chopstick . May intercept he with she own chopstick . may Father get first dip . tsai stiffen and snap he chopstick , not to pick up a meatball but to catch a income dart . a dart wrap with a note . bo jump up . tsai they be go . may what do it say ? tsai " we will settle this at midnight on yellow Hill . " good , the fox be out of she hole . int . te's study - night yu be ushere into the room , to discover Sir Te talk to another man , whose back be to she . sir te shu lien , look who 's here . the man turn around -- it 's Li mu bai . ext . te's hall - night yu and Li mu bai sit together . li Sir Te believe it 's a ploy cast suspicion on Governor yu . yu but something be go on at the yu household . li what have you discover ? from she sleeve , yu remove the flyer . Li take it , he face darken . li jade Fox ? impossible . yu you always suspect she would fle to the West . li I do not think she would dare come back to Peking ! yu be there any place safer than under the nose of Governor yu ? li so I shall avenge my master 's death after all . yu be careful . Sir Te require discretion . official business be difficult enough . do not let personal feeling make it worse . and I do not know ... even this poster ... could be some sort of trap . li do you see who post it ? yu pause . yu no . li it say jade Fox be hide at yu 's . on the night of the theft there be a brawl near yu 's . be you involved ? yu it be bo , Sir Te 's man . I hear he follow the thief to the yus ' . li have you question he yet ? yu no , not yet ... li but you man be watch over yu 's compund ? yu no , I would already send they home . you can blame I for lose the sword , but please trust that I will get it back soon use my own method . li that 's not what I mean . I do not care about the sword . yu what do you mean ? do not you come back here for it ? li I do not know it be steal until I get here . yu then , why do you come ? li well , we have talk ... De lu enter . do lu pardon my intrusion . master Li , you room be ready . li thank you . please lead the way . ext . yellow hill - night tsai , bo , and May wait under a ancient tree . bo stifles a yawn . bo the fox do not care much for punctuality . still no sign of she . a old lady struggle up the hill , wear a floppy hat over she face , hold a cane . the three exchange glance . tsai enough ! show yourself . the old woman shrink in fear , but then throw off she disguise and unveil herself -- the governess . fox tsai ... you dog ! you will pay for you stubbornness . bo that 's what you think , old witch ! tsai if you surrender now , you will suffer less . but if you resist , I will not stop until you be dead . may Father ! let I avenge my mother 's death . fox you will soon end up like she , you little whore ! bo you will pay for that ! a fierce battle begin , the main fight between tsai and Fox , with May and bo get a stab in occasionally , when the opportunity present itself . tsai ( to bo ) she 's go to paralyze you ! use acupressure , Fox disable bo. May shoot a arrow at she , but she catch it and fling it back , hit May . tsai May ! Fox then disable tsai , but just as she go for the kill , Li mu bai fly down from the treetop and step between they . fox tsai , you filthy mongrel ! a ambush ! may Father , be you all right ? Li address Fox . li wudan should have get rid of you long ago . it 's be a long time , jade Fox ! you do not remember I ... but you should remember my master . you infiltrate wudan while I be away . you steal we master ! now it 's time for you to pay ! fox you master underestimate we woman . sure , he would sleep with I , but he would never teach I . he deserve to die by a woman 's hand ! li you steal the secret of wudan 's high martial art . but after ten year of training , you move be still undiscipline . and today , under a wudan sword ... you will die ! Li easily bring Fox to the ground . Li raise he sword to the prostrate Fox . a figure mask in black appear next to Fox , sword extend , save she . fox disciple , we will kill they all ! figure in black let 's go ! bo another one ! fox I must get rid of tsai ! Fox fight tsai , bo , and May , as Li address the mask figure . li who be you ? why be the Green destiny in you possession ? figure in black what 's it to you ? li my name be Li mu bai . the Green destiny be mine . jade Fox can not be you master . where do you learn that " xuan piu " move ? figure in black I be just play around . li tell I , who be you master ? figure in black let 's go ! fox we must kill they ! tsai throw he blade at Fox , who catch it and throw it back , hit he in the head . Fox and the mask figure leap away . May drop to the ground , cradling she dead father 's head . bo kneel beside she . may Father ! ext . te's - day Te and a group of he man look down as a cloth be remove from over the body of tsai . bo and May stand before they . te this be tsai ? may my father . Police Inspector from shaan . te this should be report to Governor yu . the victim be a officer . you believe the killer be hide out in he compound . yu I would bet my life on it ! te ( to Li and yu ) come with I . he exit the room . int . te's study - day Te , Li , and yu be seat . sir te this need to be resolve , and quickly . li I will get into the yu household and get she . I will ferret out Fox and she gang . yu we must be careful . Governor yu be a court official , and in charge of security . any disturbance will cast suspicion on he . it might get Sir Te in trouble . sir te this be a delicate matter . yu Sir Te , can you find some excuse to invite madam yu and she daughter ? sir te what do you have in mind ? yu the best way to trap a fox be through she cub . Sir Te and Li look puzzle . ext . sir te's garden - day yu sit with madam yu and Jen . they busy themselves with various item for she trousseau . madam yu madam Te be certainly spoil we with this wedding gift . she 's be so considerate . yu I be sorry she 's not feel well enough to receive you today . madam yu I hear Sir Te lose something . and now Madame Te 's not feel well ... Jen sit silently read . yu we know who steal the miss item . if the thief return it , I be sure Sir Te will pursue the matter no further . madam yu that 's good . sometimes the help can not keep they hand to themselves . it 's very embarass . yu Sir Te know that even well - meaning people can make mistake ... that can bring ruin to themselves and they family . madam yu but do not be too lenient . yu no mercy will be show toward the murderer who turn up in Peking . madam yu a murderer ? yu yes . the very killer of Li mu bai 's own master . last night , she kill a policeman who have track she down . madam yu a female criminal ! now that 's news ! Jen become visibly upset . jen you say she kill a policeman ? yu yes , from the West . he go undercover and and follow she here , madam yu maybe the murderer and the thief be one and the same . yu I doubt it . this thief ... it very unusual ... as yu speak , she lift the tea pot to pour Jen some tea . as she finish speak , she look into Jen 's face and the pot slip from she hand . without even look down , Jen instinctively catch the pot with a lightning - fast move . yu ... and most likely smarter than a mere killer . Sir Te and Li mu bai walk by . jen ( formal ) greeting , Sir te. sir te hello , madam yu. this be Li mu bai , the renowned swordsman . li delighted to meet you . Li size Jen up . te miss yu be soon to be marry . li congratulation . ext . tsai be house - night May open she door , only to find bo stand guard . may why do not you come in ? bo I be stand guard . may come in . it 's cold . she turn back inside , hesitates , then turn back to he . may come in . we do not have to fear jade Fox if we be together . ext . te compound - night a still , dark night . ext . te's study - night something move in the moonlight . a hood figure jump down . Li mu bai , who have be hide in the shadow , come forward . li be not it a bit too late to be out ? you have bring I the sword ? figure I do as I please . the mask figure lunge away , but Li mu bai leap with incredible speed and grab the sword from she . li where 's you master ? figure what 's it to you ? the figure float away . Li chase after she . ext . peking STREET - night the two fly over house and bounce off of rooftop , display amazing float skill . int . abandoned monastery - night the figure bounce into a old monastery . Li be already there . li have enough fly ? you have get potential . you have study the wudan manual but you do not understand it . you need a real master . the figure do not respond , but we sense the pride in she eye . figure do you think you be a real master ? li like most thing , I be nothing . it 's the same for this sword . all of it be simply a state of mind . figure stop talk like a monk ! just fight ! li then tell I where jade Fox be . figure on guard ! li Real sharpness come without effort . ext . monastery - night the figure leap into the garden , but again , Li be ahead of she . the figure attack Li , who use he agility to evade she . frustrate , the figure intensify she attack . the figure , lose composure , attack wildly . Li get even more elusive , use a branch to repel she . li no growth without assistant . no action without reaction . no desire without restraint . now give yourself up and find yourself again . there be a lesson for you . Li now hold the stick to she mask , gently raise it slightly . figure go ahead . li why should I ? you need practice . I can teach you to fight with the Green destiny , but first you must learn to hold it in stillness . figure why do you want to teach I ? li I have always want a disciple worthy of wudan 's secret . figure and if I use they to kill you ? li that 's a risk I be willing to take . deep down , you be good . even jade Fox could not corrupt you . the figure 's eye cloud with tear . figure wudan be a whorehouse ! keep you lesson ! the figure swirl and take off , leave a rueful Li stand alone in the monastery . int . jen' room - night Jen slip in through the window . she pull off she mask , as she spot the governess / Fox sit and sewing . fox you be home late ... or should I say early ? jen why be you still here ? you kill a policeman . you should leave ! you will bring ruin on my whole family . fox they would not have find I if you have not steal the sword . like a little girl , you think steal would be fun ? you , too , be responsible for that death . come with I . you do not want to waste you life as the wife of some bureaucrat . denied you talent ... as a master and disciple we will rule . jen I will never live as a thief ! fox you be already a thief . jen that be just for fun . how can I leave ? where would I go ? fox wherever we want . we will get rid of anyone in we way . even you father . jen shut up ! fox it 's the giang Hu fighter lifestyle ... kill or be kill . excite , be not it ? jen I owe you nothing . fox yes , you do ! you be still my disciple . Jen lunge at the governess , and the two exchange a few blow . Jen press she finger against one of the governess 's pressure point , disable she . Jen push she across the room . jen you think you have be teach I all this year from the manual ? you could not even decipher the symbol ! fox I study the diagram . but you hide the detail ! jen you would not have understand , even if I have try to explain . you know ... you have go as far as you can go . I hide my skill so as not to hurt you . fox if I have not see you fight with Li mu bai , I would still be ignorant of all you have hide from I . jen master ... I start learn from you in secret when I be 10 . you enchant I with the world of giang Hu . but once I realize I could surpass you , I become so frighten ! everything fall apart . I have no one to guide I , no one to learn from . fox believe I , I have a lesson or two leave to teach you ! Fox exit . ext . governor yux gate - day the governess leave , a small sack over she back . ext . te's courtyard - day Li practice fluently with Green destiny in hand , beautifully at ease with the weapon . he spin around to find yu stand in the doorway . yu the sword be back ... be you happy ? Li smile . li I admit , get it back make I realize how much I would miss it . yu but it 's not you sword anymore . you give it to Sir Te . li true . but I must borrow it for one last mission . jade Fox must die at its edge . do you know what you be hide when you cover for that girl ? yu my job be to get the sword back , without embarass anyone . I be not about to ruin she life , or she father 's . li you do you job well . but , this girl ... I see she last night . yu I know she would intrigue you . li she need direction ... and training . yu she 's a aristocrat 's daughter . she 's not one of we . in any case , it will all be over soon . you will kill Fox , and she will marry . li that 's not for she . she should come to wudan and become a disciple . yu but wudan do not accept woman . li for she , they might make a exception . if not , I be afraid she will become a poison dragon . yu it 's not we affair . even if wudan accept she , she husband might object . li I think by give away the sword , I could escape the giang Hu world . but the cycle of bloodsh continue . yu I wish there be something more I could do to help you . li just be patient with I , shu lien . int . jen' room - night Jen be asleep . a noise awaken she . lo open the window and sneak in -- right into the point of Jen 's wait sword . Jen 's sword drop to the ground . jen lo ? lo Jen ! lo grab she by the wrist . jen you should not have come . lo with all the traffic on you rooftop this day ... it take I a while to get in here . I can not wait any longer . I be wrong to let you go . come back with I . you will be happy in the desert . you will be free there . Jen turn back to he and rest herself briefly in he arm again . jen you have be look for I all this time ? flashback : four year earlier int . / ext . carriage / mongolian desert - day Jen hold up a comb , with daylight shine through it . Jen admire the piece , she most prize possession . madam yu sit opposite she . madam yu Jen ... stop play with it . Jen look out over the desert , as the wind pick up and the sky darken . jen I will not break it . ext . carriage / mongolian desert - day lo and a group of armed bandit descend on the caravan . guard a it 's Dark cloud ! Dark cloud be come ! his warning be useless . from Jen 's pov , we see the guard slaughter in a hail of arrow and sword . madam yu lower the shade , do not let they see you ! dark cloud ( lo ) do not touch the woman ! though unharme , madam yu immediately faint . lo approach the carriage and grab the comb from Jen 's hand . she bolt from the carriage , and , once outside , bend down and grab a lance from the body of a dead guard , whose horse flail beside he . she look up to see the gang of bandit already make they escape on horseback . lo let 's go ! ext . desert - day Jen and lo ride across the desert floor at breakneck speed . lo come get you comb . she try to jab he with the lance , but he grab it and fling she off she horse . lo hurry back to you mother . lo ride on as she charge after she horse . ext . desert bluff - day a group of bandit be divide up the loot , as Jen ride up , keep a respectable distance . they notice she and rise as she dismount . one of they saunter over to she and stand , grin , a few foot away . in a second , she 's slam he ball into he stomach and knock he nose into he face . he crumple to the sand . the other bandit stop laugh , quickly exchange glance , and charge she at once . in a matter of second , they be either on the ground or drag they fall comrade back . lo call out and stop the fight . lo she 's mine . ext . desert - day lo and Jen ride , if not side - by-side , then parallel , about 20 foot apart . they pace have slowed considerably . in fact , they be dead tired . lo let 's stop a moment . jen give it back ! lo ( shouting a bit ) you be tired . you need rest . you horse need water . there 's a creek up here . he dismount , look down at the dry creek bed . lo well , there use to be ! what 's you name ? I be lo. the han call I Dark cloud . I be not that tall or big , but I be quick as lightning . jen my comb ! she kick he . they fight ferociously until lo , exhaust , collapse . she kick he a few time , then collapse too . int . cave - day Jen come to and find herself wrap in a blanket of animal fur . she sit up with a start and check she clothes . look around , she realize she 's in a cave . next to she be a lamp , some hunt equipment , and a neat row of sharp arrow . she quickly grab one of the arrow . lo if you like that arrow , I can make you a bow . great for hunt wild chicken . they be delicious . Jen raise one of the arrow , go on the attack again , but she leg betray she and she fall . lo you need to eat , understand ? then you will have the strength to fight . understand ? he help she up , then pour she some horse milk from a sac . he hand she a small chunk of food , which she first accept grudgingly , then , she hunger get the better of she , she start to wolf it down . lo you be eat too fast . slowly . ext . cave - day lo walk out into a barren mountain landscape . a chicken roast over a fire . lo whistle . Jen appear suddenly with a rock and knock it over he head . lo pass out as Jen scurries away . ext . mountainside and desert - day Jen try to find she way among the treacherous stony terrain , she lip chap and finger bloody and blister . but soon she pass out . int . cave - night Jen again awake inside the cave . lo try to feed she some water , but she choke , and try to push he away , only to find that she leg and hand be tie up . lo you have get quite a temper . it 's better this way . jen you coward ! lo still in a bad mood ? at least you be speak . what 's you name ? Jen spit at lo. lo I do not think the han have name like that . later : she weave in and out of consciousness . in the flicker light , she see lo sharpen he arrow . later , he pull back a opaque curtain to reveal a makeshift bathroom -- a water - fill cavity serve as a tub . he rise as Jen sob at the sight of she imprison and dishevel body . he come over and unty she . lo relax . if I have want to , I would already have do it . you must be die for a bath . Fresh water 's hard to get here . but I manage to bring some up . you can wear my clothes when you be do . they be clean . do not worry . I will sing , so you will know where I be . after the bath , you will be calmer . Jen nod and the bandit release she . he start to sing as he walk out . Jen wait until the sound recede before close the curtain behind she and dip into the pit . while she bathes , she listen to he sing , a loud rendition of a tribal song . lo apparently do not remember all the lyric , and la-las he way through more than a few passage . Jen smile . int . cave - night Jen grimace as lo pull the last of some cactus needle from the sole of she foot . lo no more hit on the head ! all this trouble for a comb ? jen it 's mine . it mean a lot to I . a barbarian like you would not understand . lo not true . I can use it to pick fleas from my horse . jen by the way , I be a real manchurian . lo I be sorry ... I guess wrong . I though you be a han . jen give I back my comb . lo I do not take order from anyone . jen give it back . Jen impulsively grab a arrow and stab lo , draw a little blood from he chest . furious , lo lunge at she and they tussle briefly . finally , lo get on top of Jen , and the scuffling become more like foreplay . violence turn into unleash passion . ext . desert oasis - day lo and Jen ride across the desert . Jen hold tightly to he . ext . cave - night lo and Jen lie in the bath together . lo when I be a boy , one night , I see a thousand shoot star . I think , where do they all go ? I be a orphan . I use to look for star alone . I think if I ride to the other end of the desert , I would find they . I have be riding in the desert ever since . jen and so , the little boy become a fearsome bandit . he could not find the star , so he steal my comb . lo pause . lo out here , you always fight for survival . you have to be part of a gang to stand a chance . slowly , you gang become you family . all that Dark cloud stuff be just to scare people and make my life easier . jen so you be still that little boy look for shoot star . lo I be a man . and now I have find the brightest star of all . ext . desert - day lo see uniform man through he binocular . lo you father 's man be look for you . Jen do not respond . ext . desert - day lo and Jen ride through a mountain pass . ext . cliff - day lo and Jen stand at the crest of a cliff . lo look over , view the desert valley below , as Jen join he . they see a troop of uniform man riding by in the distance . lo you father 's man be still look for you . they be still out there , circle closer . jen let they look . lo it be trouble for I . Jen bite she lip . jen do not send I back ! lo you must decide . you might get tired of this life . you might begin to miss you family . if it be we daughter , we would look for she too . she would miss we . Jen ... I want you to be mine forever . I will make my mark on the world . I will earn you parent ' respect . we have a legend . anyone who dare to jump from the mountain , God will grant he wish . Long ago , a young man 's parent be ill , so he jump . he do not die . he be not even hurt . he float away , far away , never to return . he know he wish have come true . if you believe , it will happen . the elder say , " a faithful heart make wish come true . " int . tent - day Jen and lo kiss . Jen take the jade comb out of she hair and press it into he palm . Jen start to cry . they embrace . jen keep it safe . return it to I when we be together again . lo I will . jen ( smile painfully ) if you do not , I will come after you . and I will not let you off so easy . ext . tent - day Jen quietly walk out and stand sadly in the early morning light . end of flashback . int . jen' room - night lo wherever I go , someone always recognize I . I really try . later , I hear you come to Peking . I be afraid I would never see you again . so I come . I can not let you marry . Jen be about to respond when a servant 's voice be hear from outside the door . jen ( whisper ) go. lo Jen ... jen ( through she tear ) do not ever come back . lo hover at the window frame . lo so it 's over ? Jen pause . jen yes . lo thrust a small object in she hand . he lift he leg through the window , and drop out of sight , just as Jen 's door be open from the hall . maid we hear noise . jen it be just a cat . the may pause , then dutifully exit , close the door . Jen open up she palm ; gasp , she see the comb that lo have give she . ext . wedding procession - day the noise and color of a wedding procession . a march band herald the occasion , as throng of onlooker fight to get a glimpse of the groom , gou jun pei , who trot by on a handsome white horse . int . wedding carriage - day Jen 's head be completely cover in red cloth , as she ride silently in the bride 's carriage . ext . balcony overlooking wedding procession - day Li and yu watch the festivity from a balcony of the city gate . yu you think jade Fox will show up ? li she 's out there , but I doubt she will show herself . we will keep we eye open . sooner or later , she will come for the girl . int . wedding carriage - day a small arrow fly into the carriage . Jen calmly lift the red cloth from she face and pull the arrow out of the panell inside the carriage . we hear lo 's voice from outside the carriage , but Jen do not seem to notice . lo ( v.o. ) Jen ! come with I ! you be mine ! lo run wildly into the crowd . lo come with I to the desert ! Jen ! come with I to xin jiang ! the guard surround lo , but he escape . ext . beijing STREET - day lo leap and land right in front of Li mu bai , he finger press against lo 's neck . yu come run around the corner and see they . li where be jade Fox ? yu jump in and push Li away . yu ( to lo ) come with I ! hurry ! int . CITY outskirt - day lo sit dejectedly , have tell he story to yu and Li , who look he over . yu ( to lo ) you think she would give it all up and go back West with you ? lo she 's mine . li either way , you be no good to she dead . with the gou and yu clan hunt you , you will soon be in they hand . lo I do not care anymore . li if you truly love she , you would not say that . yu do not you want to see she again . li all right . I will write you a introduction . take it to wudan . wait there for news from I . lo all right . ext . te compound - night yu and Li enter , as other man and woman race through the compound , a sense of panic in the air . yu give Li a look . Li shrug . int . te's hall - night a crowd , include Li and yu , stand by as Te open the empty sword case , he voice rise . sir te when will this end ? they take it , they put it back , they take it again . my home be turn into a warehouse . bo burst into the hall , bow to te. te speak ! bo Jen have run away ! gou find the wedding chamber empty . Governor yu request you assistance . you know the giang Hu underworld . he want to find she , and keep she from harm . li Sir Te , leave this to we . do not worry . int . tea stall - day Jen arrive at the tea stall . she place she sword on the table , which catch the attention of a couple of giang Hu martial art character sit nearby . waitress what can I serve you ? as the waitress turn to leave , Jen grab she by the arm . jen the cup be dirty . the flustered waitress apologize and take the cup away . the man approach Jen . gangster a hello . what be you name ? jen ( without lift she eye ) Long . gangster B it 's young master Long . my apology . I be Iron Eagle sung and this be my brother in arm , Flying cougar Li yun . what bring you to huai a , and where be you head , master Long ? jen anywhere there 's action . the two man exchange glance . gangster a in that case , perhaps we could be of assistance . jen do not bother . gangster a you do not seem to understand . jen so what if I do not ? gangster B we have way of help you understand . the two pull out they weapon which be immediately chop into scrap by Jen . gangster a ( stunne ) be you related to Li mu bai ? jen he be my defeat foe ! ext . wood - day Li and yu pass a cup back and forth as bo tend to the horse in the background . yu have some tea . as yu pass the cup to Li , they finger touch . embarrass , Li pull back . li shu lien ... the thing we touch have no permanence . my master would say ... there be nothing we can hold on to in this world . only by let go can we truly possess what be real . yu not everything be a illusion . my hand ... be not that real ? li you hand , rough and calluse from machete practice ... all this time , I have never have the courage to touch it . Li take yu 's hand and press it to he face . li giang Hu be a world of tiger and dragon , full of corruption ... I try sincerely to give it up but I have bring we only trouble . yu to repress one 's feeling only make they stronger . li you be right , but I do not know what to do . I want to be with you ... just like this . it give I a sense of peace . Li mu bai smile . int . STAR restaurant - day Jen walk upstairs . a waiter greet she . waiter please follow I . jen I want a clean room . waiter we have plenty . you order ? Jen again set she sword on the table as she sit down . jen steam whole cod , bite -size meatball , a little starchy , but keep the sauce light , shark fin soup , mix vegetable , and some warm wine . waiter ( daze ) I have to order from a bigger restaurant . jen hurry then . the waiter gauge Jen for a instant before bounce off to place the order . Jen check she pouch and see there 's not much money leave . a large group of giang Hu character enter . they survey the restaurant and quickly find Jen upstairs . giang hu a that 's he . MI biao I be Iron Arm mi . I hear a true master have arrive . I have come to seek a lesson . Jen ignore he . MI biao ( bristle ) you ask for it ! mi charge and attack Jen , who be still sit sip tea . Jen barely lift a finger and dispose of mi with a poke at a sensitive pressure point . this provoke a reaction from the other man . jen what kind of Iron Arm be you ? flying machete chang you have amazing technique ! I be Flying machete . be you related to Southern crane ? jen Southern duck ? I do not eat anything with two foot . who could remember such long - wind name ? gou jun sihung Li mu bai be you defeat foe , and you do not know he master , Southern crane ? jen who be you ? gou jun sihung I be shine Phoenix Mountain gou . jen ( furious ) gou ? I hate that name . it make I puke ! too bad you be name gou . you will be the first to feel my sword today . Jen leap up and dive into battle . the man all use different kind of weapon , but they all succumb to the powerful Green destiny . monk jing hold it ! do not you know monk jing ? jen a monk , in a place like this ? you need a lesson ! monk jing who be you ? she smile , and leap again into action after unsheathe the Green destiny . jen who be I ? I be ... I be the invincible sword goddess . armed with the incredible ... Green destiny . be you Li or Southern crane ... lower you head ... and ask for mercy . I be the desert dragon . I leave no trace . today I fly over eu- mei . tomorrow ... I will kick over wudan Mountain ! Jen be in a frenzy , slashing and maim as she speak . int . STAR restaurant - day yu and Li be surround by the variously bandage man who battle with jen. flying machete chang we politely ask for a friendly match , but she show no respect , and attack we . everyone come by to teach she a lesson . MI biao her sword be just too powerful . monk jing I have travel everywhere , but never meet anyone so uncivilize . shining phoenix mountain GOD ( heavily bandage ) she keep accuse I of be gou jun pei 's brother . who be this gou , anyway ? yu her husband . the man all nod they head . ext . outside hwai a - day Li and yu ride together . li ( to yu ) we be close to you headquarters . go home and check in . yu what about you ? li I will look around and catch up later . yu not a bad idea . tonight we will get a good night 's sleep at headquarters . yu take a fork off the road . Thunder can be hear in the darken sky . ext . SUN compound - day a group of security man be practice kung fu in the front yard of Sun Security . they stop when yu enter . security man a mistress , you be back . yu it 's you ! how 's everything here ? captain Fine . you have be go a while . yu yes , and I leave again tomorrow . you wife be due ? ah wai yeah , a baby girl . yu good ! ah wai I will be happy if she 's half as strong as you . yu Mrs. Wu ... aunt wu you be back ! yu how 's the arm ? still sore ? aunt wu much better . you have be go so long . yu Li mu bai be come to stay the night . aunt wu ( excited ) I will go and make up he room ! aunt Wu hustle out . yu go into she own room . int . hall of ancestral worship yu light incense for she former fianc meng . hear something , she turn to see a dishevel Jen stand outside downstairs . jen sister shu lien ... int . yux room - day yu ease she guard , then open a drawer , and take out some clothes . Jen , wear just white undercloth , set herself on the edge of yu 's bed . yu bring over the clothes . yu here you must be in proper attire . jen I be just borrow some clean clothes . I be not stay . yu I will give they to you . jen I be just pass by and wonder how you be . Jen try to hide she anxiety but finally break down on yu 's shoulder in tear . jen you , sister ... yu look at the trouble you have cause . now you know what giang Hu life be really like . if you think of I as you sister , let I give you some sisterly advice . you can run from marriage , but not you parent . jen they force I to marry ! yu go back to they first . then you can decide about lo . jen you know about lo ? yu he really love you . come back to Peking with I . we will find a solution . jen where be he now ? yu Li mu bai have make arrangement . he send he to wudan Mountain . jen you be work together to set I up ! I be leave ! yu how dare you accuse we ? I always know you have steal the sword ! I have do nothing but protect you and you family . and you be repaid I with nothing but contempt . Li mu bai himself spare you , and all you do be insult he . we want some peace and you have ruin it all ! you be no sister of mine ! jen what do I care ? you be never a real friend anyway . but I wonder , how long could you last as my enemy ? Jen get up to leave . yu intercept she . yu put the sword down ! Jen jump out . int . yuan courtyard - day Jen soar out to the front courtyard where the guard be still practice . they raise they weapon at the sight of a intruder . yu ( call out ) Jen ! Jen greet yu with the Green destiny . yu everyone out . shut the door . the man leave . yu Fine ... the friendship be over . yu scoops up a weapon from one of many lie around and begin she battle with Jen . yu use every weapon that 's available against Jen but none be any match for the Green destiny . after slice through another set of yu 's weapon , Jen look admiringly at the Green destiny in she hand . yu do not touch it ! that 's Li mu bai 's sword . jen come and get it if you can . yu without the Green destiny , you be nothing . jen do not be a sore loser . go ahead . take you pick . I will wait . go ahead . yu pick up a huge broad sword and attack . just as the Green destiny slice it in half , yu hold the break blade at Jen 's neck . she pause before hurt Jen , then pull back . yu give I the sword . Jen , take advantage of yu 's trust , slice she arm . jen take it ! yu , she shoulder bleed , fall back as Li mu bai jump in . li ( enraged ) stop it ! you do not deserve the Green destiny . jen not another lecture ! on guard ! li let 's end this here . jen only the sword will settle this . Jen soar up to the rooftop , with Li right on she tail . ext . lake - day Jen float over the lake , Li close behind . ext . bamboo forest - day Jen run into a sea of bamboo . she appear to have lose Li but be not slow down . her white clothes be now stain with blood and mud . the wind have pick up and every breeze sound like a air attack by Li . the two leap onto the tip of the bamboo tree and begin they dance and dodge . they glance off bamboos and each other while stay afloat . finally Jen land on the same stick of bamboo as Li . the two hold they position for a while , as the bamboo bend . li I only let you go because I want to see the real you . Jen try to shake Li off the bamboo but Li recover nicely . jen what do you know about a true heart ? Li suddenly leap off the bamboo tree . the bamboo straighten up and throw Jen toward the ground . Jen quickly pull herself up and charge at Li . Jen chase after Li , into a clear , out of the bamboo forest . ext . river - day Jen finally catch up to Li , who be stand on a rock about a few foot wide amid the rapid . Jen vault onto the rock and scuffles with li. Jen lose she balance . jen what do you want ? li what I have always want , to teach you . jen all right . if you can take back the sword in three move , I will go with you . Li take the sword back . jen give it back ! li kneel ! jen never ! li then you have no use for the sword . Li throw the sword into the rapid . Jen dive in to retrieve it . he follow Jen downstream by hopping from one rock to another . Jen recover the sword but be herself drown . suddenly jade Fox swing into the rapid and fish Jen out . jade Fox carry the unconscious Jen away . Li give chase , but lose they . int . abandoned factory - day it 's raining . Inside a old factory , Fox heat some medicine paste and then dip a needle in the paste . she burn the needle point , cause a blue smoke . she light some incense and put it in a burner near Jen , who be barely conscious . fox sooner or later , they would drag you back to Peking . you parent will never accept you again . but why go home ? we have go this far , we will not stop now . you will always be my lady . at last , we will be we own master . we will be happy . that 's the most important thing . all we have leave be each other , right ? lie down and rest . Jen be too weak to respond . Fox leave Jen clutching the Green destiny . ext . abandoned factory - day Fox scurries ahead in the rain . her eye catch something , but she keep move . int . yuan compound - day aunt Wu finish bandage yu. aunt wu she 's crazy . you should have kill she . yu I do not have the heart . aunt wu well , Li mu bai can do it . yu sense movement at the window . look out , she see jade Fox in the distance . int . abandoned factory - day Jen wake up , flushed from fever . she take a sip from a cup of water -- it 's empty . she toss the cup , get up , and walk into the rain . ext . abandoned factory - day Jen walk out , raise she face into the rain , and drink the raindrop . thirst quench , she turn around and find Li stand there . Jen limp towards he while mumble . jen be it I or the sword you want ? Jen fall into Li , who check she pulse and look at she eye . li you have be drugge ! Li carry she inside , kick away the incense burner . int . abandoned factory - day Li lay he hand on Jen 's back ; she slowly come to . li where be jade Fox ? Jen gesture that she do not know . yu and bo enter . yu look at jen. yu what happen ? li jade Fox drugge she . how do you get here ? yu we follow jade Fox . instantaneously , a flurry of dart fly directly in Jen 's direction . Li and yu swipe miraculously at they all , send they fling hither and thither . Fox show herself . Li attack she . she fall back , bleed to death . li and so you die . Li touch he neck . fox and so shall you ! Li pull a single needle from he neck . yu a poison needle ! fox you deserve to die , but the life I be hope to take ... be jen' . ten year I devote to you . but you deceive I ! you hide the manual 's true meaning . I never improve ... but you progress be limitless ! you know what poison be ? a eight - year - old girl , full of deceit . that 's poison ! Jen ! my only family ... my only enemy ... jade Fox die . yu you can not die ! tell we what poison you use ! you can not die ! tell we the antidote ! you can not let Li mu bai die ! jen she use purple yin ... purple yin poison . it go straight to the heart . li my blood will soon reverse its flow . it 's the same poison she use to kill my master . there be no antidote . yu that can not be ! everything have a antithesis ! why not this ? jen the antidote exist . she teach it to I . the formula be simple , but it take time to prepare . trust I . as you have help I , let I help you . li all right . hurry . I will hold on as long as I can . yu ( take the comb from she hair ) take my horse and go to the compound . give this to Mrs. Wu . she will help you . hurry ! jen spare you energy . I will be back ! ext . abandoned factory - night bo be bury Fox in the rain . ext . yuan compound - night the guard surround Jen . she push past they . jen where be Mrs. Wu ? aunt Wu come run out . aunt wu stop it ! Jen pull out yu 's comb . jen shu lien tell I to show you this . aunt wu let she in . int . abandoned factory - night yu sit across from Li , whose pose be almost meditational , eerily calm . yu mu bai , hold on . give I some hope ... li shu lien ... yu save you strength . li my life be depart . I have only one breath leave . yu use it to meditate . free yourself from this world as you have be teach . let you soul rise to eternity with you last breath . do not waste it ... for I . li I have already waste my whole life . I want to tell you with my last breath ... I have always love you . I would rather be a ghost , drift by you side ... as a condemn soul ... than enter heaven without you . because of you love ... I will never be a lonely spirit . yu cry . she kiss he lightly . he close he eye . ext . path - day as the sun rise , Jen ride speedily , clutching the medicine in she hand . int . abandoned factory - day Li be in yu 's arm . they be hold hand . the sun shine in . yu slowly release Li 's stiff finger -- he be dead . Jen be at the door . jen he 's go ? bo peek over Jen 's shoulder . yu rise and pick up Green destiny . Jen kneel . yu raise the sword , but do not kill she . yu bo ... please take this sword back to Sir Te . he take the sword from she . yu ( to Jen ) now you must go to wudan Mountain . lo await you there . promise I one thing , whatever path you take in this life ... be true to yourself . ext . wu tan temple - day Jen climb up toward the temple , finally reach the temple gate , and see lo stand there . he run to she . she greet he . int . wu tan temple - magic Jen and lo make love . int . wu tan temple - day lo wake up to find the jade comb on the pillow beside he , Jen go . ext . wu tan mountain - day lo catch up to Jen , who stand on a bridge . the gorge below be shroud in cloud . she look back at he . jen do you remember the legend of the young man ? lo " a faithful heart make wish come true . " jen make a wish , lo. lo pause . lo ( close he eye ) to be back in the desert , together again . Jen smile , turn , and leap into the cloud . they seem to catch she gently , before she disappear into they . lo remain stand , a smile on he face , tear roll down he cheek . the end .