cruel invention by Roger kumble base on the novel Les liaison dangereuse by choderlo De laclos February 10 , 1998 1 ext . manhattan skyline - day 1 we circle around the island of Manhattan move closer and closer till we be look down on fifth Avenue . as the melody continue to play we move towards a building and zoom into a window . 2 int . therapist's office - day 2 a fifty - year old female therapist ( dr . greenbaum ) sit at she desk , frown as she take note . book of jung and Freud line the shelf . a young man ( sebastian valmont ) sit in a chair in front of she look impatient . the therapist continue to write note . dr . greenbaum Jesus . we have be at this for six month . sebastian I know . dr . greenbaum and you have not make a ounce of progress . sebastian I know . sebastian take out a cigarette . dr . greenbaum ( not look up ) there 's no smoking in my office . sebastian sneer at she then put the cigarette away . Dr. greenbaum finish she note and look up at he , shaking she head . sebastian what do you want I to say ? that I be suppose to feel remorse because I act the way I do ? the truth be I do not . Dr. greenbaum shake she head and take note . sebastian ( cont would ) look , I be not like all the other kid in high school . I do not care about book report and extra-credit . teacher be idiot anyway . the only challenge out there for I be woman . you see a girl you like . you pursue they . you conquer . you move on . it 's exciting . dr . greenbaum but you say you have the worst reputation . sebastian I do . dr . greenbaum do not you want to change that ? sebastian let I tell you something , doctor . chick love a guy with a bad rap . they say they do not , but they do not mean it . they all think that they be the one that be go to " save I . " the trick be to let they think it 's true . dr . greenbaum I think that 's all the time we have for today . sebastian same time next week ? dr . greenbaum no . this be go to be we last session . sebastian why ? I like spend time with you . you know , you be quite attractive for a woman you age . you have killer leg . killer . dr . greenbaum this be not a joke . you parent spend a lot of money to send you here . I be try to help you . sebastian do not be insecure , Doc . you be a big help . sebastian pick up a book of Freud . sebastian ( cont would ) he be a coke addict , you know . dr . greenbaum you think you can come in here with that cute little smirk on you face and try and flirt with I . it do not work , sebastian . sebastian it work a little . dr . greenbaum no it do not . I see right through you . sebastian you do ? dr . greenbaum I hope for you sake you grow out of this immature phase . it 's go to get you into trouble . sebastian well , you do not have to get nasty about it . sebastian approach a photo on she desk and pick it up . dr . greenbaum my daughter , Rachel . sebastian yummy . dr . greenbaum do not even think about it . Rachel be a exceptionally well round young woman , who happen to be attend Princeton this fall . she 's way too smart to fall for you line of b.s . sebastian really ? Care to make a wager on that ? dr . greenbaum good luck , sebastian . sebastian what , nervous I be go to win ? dr . greenbaum would you please leave . sebastian put on he glass and leave . dr . greenbaum ( cont would ) asshole . the doctor stew for a moment , then reach into she desk , sift through some papers where she find a pack of benson &amp ; hedge and light one up . she look at the photo of she daughter , then hit the speaker phone and dial . dr . greenbaum ( cont would ) Rachel , it 's mom . intercut with : 3 int . rachel's bedroom - day 3 rachel , Doctor greenbaum 's daughter sit at she desk , cry while hold the phone . rachel hi , mom . dr . greenbaum honey , be something wrong ? Rachel cry for a moment . rachel he tell I he love I and I believe he . dr . greenbaum who tell you ? rachel you do not know he . I be so stupid . she continue to cry . dr . greenbaum alright honey , just calm down , take a deep breath , and step out of the circle . rachel would you cut the psycho babble bullshit , mom . there 's picture of I on the internet . we pan over to her computer console . close on : computer monitor - a nudie web-sight . the title read " ivy League bound . " beneath the caption be a photo of Rachel tie to a bed and smile with a Princeton banner cover she private . dr . greenbaum what kind of picture ? rachel nudie picture , what do you think ? dr . greenbaum Jesus Christ , how can you be so stupid ? rachel I do not know . he be just so charming . all he do be talk about how I have killer leg and how we want to photograph they . thing just get out of hand from there . ( she hear the phone drop ) Mom ? be you there ? Mom ? ( scream ) mother !!!! 4 int . therapist's office build - hallway - day 4 Doctor greenbaum bolt out of she office and spot sebastian stand in the elevator . dr . greenbaum you son of a bitch . Doctor greenbaum race down the hall push several people out of she way . sebastian stare at she expressionless as the elevator door close . dr . greenbaum ( cont would ) you be gonna pay for this you little shit . you hear I . a dentist peer outside of he office to see what 's go on . he exchange look with Doctor greenbaum . dr . greenbaum ( cont would ) fuck off , harold . he gasp . 5 ext . valmont townhouse - day 5 a meter maid be write a ticket on a car when a porsche pull up in front of the townhouse and park in a red zone . sebastian step out of the car and walk up the step to the townhouse . meter maid you can not park there . sebastian turn to she and sneer . he take out a wad of money and shove it in she breast pocket before enter the townhouse . 6 int . valmont townhouse - kitchen - day 6 a series of shot close on : a tuna on a chopping board . whack ! a butcher knife come down on the tuna cut it 's head off . close on : two hand rip open the fish . close on : two hand roll a chunk of tuna into a rice roll . 7 int . valmont townhouse - hallway - day 7 close on : two hand which carry a lavish tray of sushi through several door until we enter the final door lead into - 8 int . valmont townhouse - live room - day 8 a enormous live room by Manhattan standard , with a view that overlook the park . eclectic art from around the world emphasize the valmont 's passion for travel . sook - hee , the valmont 's housekeeper set a tray of sushi in front of - kathryn merteuil , a seventeen year old porcelain skinned wasp with all the groom you could want in a East Coast child . she sit with a force smile on she face and listen attentively as - bunny caldwell , a forty year old nouveau-riche socialite talk incessantly . cecile caldwell , she beautiful teenage daughter , sit by she side . she wear a T-shirt with a koala bear on it . mrs . caldwell I can not tell you how happy we be that cecile be go to be attend oakwood with you this fall . you have always be a inspiration to Beau and I on raise she . we just hope she can rise to the high standard which you have set for she . kathryn I will do my best . sook - hee pour a dish of soy sauce in front of Kathryn . kathryn ( cont would ) ( to sook - hee , in vietnamese ) thank you , sook - hee . that will be all . sook - hee leave . cecile what be that ? kathryn I be thanking she . vietnamese be such a beautiful language . mrs . caldwell ( cont would ) Kathryn be a straight a student at oakwood as well as be President of the french Club . listen to whatever she have to say and you will go far . kathryn ( in french ) you be too kind . mrs . caldwell how do you do it ? I mean with all peer pressure that go on in high school . where do you get you strength ? kathryn I know this sound corny , but whenever I feel temptation of peer pressure , I ... ( take out she crucifix ) turn to God and he help I through the problem . call I a anachronism , but it work . mrs . caldwell that 's beautiful . cecile what be the boy like ? mrs . caldwell cecile , be that the best you can do ? ( to Kathryn ) you must forgive she , Kathryn . she 's never be in a co-educational atmosphere before . kathryn do not worry , it 's totally understandable . most of the boy that matriculate at oakwood be very upstand gentleman , however there be the occasional bad apple . mrs . caldwell like you step-brother sebastian . I can not believe they do not expel he after what he do to the school nurse . sebastian ( o.s. ) I hear she 's recover quite well . Mrs. caldwell turn to see sebastian stand in the doorway . he walk over and take a seat . sebastian ( cont would ) Nice to see you again , Mrs. caldwell . mrs . caldwell you remember my daughter , cecile . sebastian my , what a adorable shirt you be wear . cecile my father just take I on a trip to Australia . sebastian how be thing down under ? blossom I hope . kathryn cecile 's attend oakwood in the fall . sebastian outstanding . cecile what year be you in ? sebastian I be what you would call a fifth year senior . cecile but I think high school be only four year . sebastian it be , unless you be a fuck up , like myself . he wink at cecile . mrs . caldwell I think we will be go now . ( to Kathryn ) thanks for all you help . Kathryn stand and approach cecile . kathryn I will call you later and we will get together and plan you curriculum . cecile thanks . ( to sebastian ) Nice meeting you . sebastian ciao . mrs . caldwell let 's go , cecile . now ! cecile follow Mrs. caldwell out the door . Kathryn close the door behind they . sebastian do you care to tell I what Mrs. White - trash and she stupid daughter be do in my house ? kathryn I be just take the poor girl under my wing . Kathryn sit on the sofa next to sebastian . she unscrew she crucifix . the top part become a small spoon and the bottom part a small vial of coke . kathryn ( cont would ) the parental unit call while you be out . sebastian Lovely . how be you gold digging whore of a mother enjoy Bali ? Zipping through my inheritance per usual ? kathryn hopefully , though she suspect that you decrepit alcoholic father be diddling the may . Kathryn use she crucifix as a coke-spoon and snort a bump . kathryn ( cont would ) what 's wrong with you today ? therapy not go well ? sebastian it be fine . he leap off the sofa and start to pace . sebastian ( cont would ) I be sick of sleep with this insipid Manhattan debutante . he walk over to the wall where nude botticelli hang . sebastian ( cont would ) nothing shock they anymore . he scratch the nude 's pubic area . sebastian ( cont would ) I be beginning to feel like I be lose my touch . he kiss it . kathryn oh , poor baby . well you can relax . I have a mission for you . sebastian what ? 9 ext . park - day 9 court reynold , a Aryan seventeen year old preppy , wear a polo sweater with a american flag . kathryn ( v.o. ) you know Court reynold , son of garret reynold ? Kathryn step into frame and embrace he . she be wear the same sweater . he kiss she forehead and mess up she hair . sebastian ( v.o. ) you mean the Nazi who dumped you over fourth of July weekend ? 10 int . valmont townhouse - live room - day 10 Kathryn throw a sushi at he . sebastian catch it . kathryn he do not dump I . we have a parting of the way . sebastian stare she down . kathryn ( cont would ) alright he dumped I . he smile , then swallow the sushi . 11 ext . public parking garage / int . court ' S car - night 11 a drunk Court sit in the driver 's side and take a final swig from he flask . he quickly pass out . katmryn ( v.o. ) I go to great length to please Court . huge sacrifice be make on my part to keep he happy . Kathryn rise up into frame , look at Court and scowl . sebastian ( v.o. ) swallow ? she spit on he , then wipe she mouth . kathryn ( v.o. ) what do you think ? Kathryn spray she mouth with binaca . sebastian ( v.o. ) sorry . 12 int . valmont townhouse - live room - day 12 kathryn in any event , my feeling be hurt when I learn that he have fall for someone else . someone chaste ... pure ... innocent . sebastian you do not mean ? 13 ext . park - day 13 cecile turn toward the camera , while eat a double scoop ice cream cone and wear a mickey mouse Club hat . kathryn ( v.o. ) none other than cecile caldwell . she take a lick of the ice cream , which fall off the cone . she mouth the word " shoot " and stomp she foot 14 int . valmont townhouse - live room - day 14 sebastian snicker . kathryn I do not find this very funny , sebastian so that 's what this be all about . ( imitate Kathryn ) we will get together and plan you curriculum . kathryn keep you friend close and you enemy closer . when I get through with she , she will be the premier blow job Queen of the tri-state area and poor little Court 's heart will be shattered . sebastian why go through cecile ? why not just attack Court ? kathryn because if there 's a attack make on Court it could be trace back to I . I can not allow that to happen . everybody love I and I intend to keep it that way . sebastian I see you point ... though why should I care ? kathryn I need you to seduce we young cecile . introduce she to you world of decadence and debauchery . sebastian sound intrigue . kathryn she 's quite cute you know . Young supple breast , a tight firm ass and a unchart pootie . sebastian watch Kathryn rub herself . he lick he lip . kathryn ( cont would ) be she Captain picard , valmont . boldly go where no man have go before . sebastian place he hand over Kathryn 's as she continue to rub herself . he think for a moment , then : sebastian I can not . Kathryn throw he hand off of hers . kathryn why not ? sebastian oh come on , Kathryn . it 's too easy . " but I think high school be only four year . " I mean , please . she know nothing . she 's see nothing . I could have she under the table at au bar suck I off before the appetizer arrive . go get one of that moron friend of yours to do it . I have a reputation to uphold . kathryn oh but diddling the therapist 's daughter be a challenge ? sebastian that be just simple revenge . what I have plan require sheer genius . he take a magazine and throw it on the table . Kathryn pick it up . it 's the latest issue of " seventeen . " kathryn I be not interested in the latest dating tip from Jonathan Taylor Thomas . sebastian shut up and turn to page 64 . she turn to the page . insert magazine article : the title read : a virgine manifesto . " why I plan to wait until Marriage , " by annette Harrison . Age 17 . Kansas City , Missouri . kathryn Jesus Christ , be she for real ? sebastian oh yes . I have read it over and over again . this baby 's the real deal . daddy 's little angel . a paradigm of chastity and virtue . kathryn b.f.d . what do you plan to do ? fly to Kansas and woo little dorothy . sebastian it just so happen we be not in Kansas anymore . we little angel 's father have accept the new headmaster position at oakwood . she 's stay with my aunt up in Connecticut while daddy sell he house . can you imagine what this would do for my reputation ? screw the new headmaster 's virginal daughter before school start ? it will be my great victory . kathryn you do not stand a chance . even this be out of you league . sebastian Care to make a wager on that ? kathryn I will think about it ... sebastian oh well , duty call . time to add another chapter to my work of art . he hold up a leather bound journal . kathryn oh gee , you journal . could you be more queer ? sebastian could you be more desperate to read it ? sebastian stand to leave and head to the door . kathryn oh sebastian . about that little wager of yours . he stop . kathryn ( cont would ) Count I in . sebastian what be the term ? kathryn if you lose , then that hot little porsche of yours be mine . sebastian and if I win ? she approach he . kathryn I will give you something you have be jerk off about ever since we parent get marry . sebastian be more specific . kathryn in English . ( whisper in he ear ) I will fuck you brain out . sebastian what make you think I would go for that bet ? that 's a seventy thousand dollar car . kathryn because I be the only person you can not control and it kill you . sebastian sneer at she . kathryn ( cont would ) do we have a deal ? sebastian no way , that car mean everything to I . she kiss he and lick she tongue over he lip . kathryn ( whisper ) you can put it anywhere . sebastian even there ? kathryn ( baby talk ) it would feel so yummy . sebastian hesitates , then shake she hand . kathryn ( cont would ) happy hunt . 15 ext . rosemond estate - aerial shot - day 15 we move across the sky look down at lush green and stately mansion till we pass over the rosemond estate . enormous in size . we see two rider on horseback . 16 ext . estate - meadow - day 16 angle on : the two horseback rider . one , a woman of seventy . this be helen rosemond , sebastian 's aunt . the other rider be a beautiful seventeen year old girl . the one and only annette harrison . annette it 's a beautiful home you have here Mrs. rosemond . aunt helen thank you , annette . chance Hill have be with my family for over sixty year . do you family do much riding ? annette my mother and I use to ride a lot , before she get sick . aunt helen I be sorry about that . annette my grandpa , use to breed horse on he farm so I would come over and ride all the time . aunt helen I be familiar with a lot of breeder in the mid-west . what 's he name ? annette Ben schwarz . aunt helen schwarz . jewish ? annette german . aunt helen do not ring a bell . annette throw she a concerned look . aunt helen ( cont would ) in any event , I want you to consider this you home for the time be . annette thank you . it 's so peaceful and quiet around here . bang ! a shotgun sound in the distance . annette ( cont would ) what be that ? aunt helen sebastian must be here . aunt helen gallop down the ridge follow by annette . 17 ext . estate - garden - day 17 sebastian stand hold a shotgun . a groundskeeper , franklin stand by the trap . sebastian pull ! the target soar into the air , sebastian ( cont would ) die motherfucker ! he fire the gun , miss the target . sebastian ( cont would ) shit , shit , shit . Franklin shake he head . we hear a cat meow . sebastian perk up . sebastian ( cont would ) Kitty . Kitty . he quietly reload he rifle . we hear the cat meow again . sebastian search for the cat . sebastian ( cont would ) puss puss puss puss puss . he raise he rifle and take aim . aunt helen ( o.s. ) sebastian ! he lower he rifle and turn to see aunt helen and annette riding over to he . he wave . aunt helen dismount from she horse and they hug . sebastian ( cont would ) I have be look all over for you . God , I have miss you . aunt helen I have miss you too . how be you parent ? sebastian they be come back next week . I write they everyday . she stroke he cheek , lovingly . aunt helen sebastian , this be annette Harrison . she 's go to be stay with I for a few week . sebastian I guess that make two of we . welcome . he extend he hand and they shake . sebastian ( cont would ) ( to aunt helen ) why do not you head in and whip we up some of that ice tea of yours ? we will take care of the horse . aunt helen anything for you , my dear . sebastian climb on aunt helen 's horse . aunt helen ( cont would ) stay out of trouble you two . sebastian &amp ; annette we will . he smile at annette and beckon she to follow . 18 int . estate - stable - day 18 sebastian and annette put the riding gear away . sebastian so what year be you go into ? annette junior . sebastian get a boyfriend back home ? annette no . sebastian why not ? annette I do not know . Relationships seem too distracting . I would rather concentrate on my study . sebastian you a lesbo ? annette ( annoyed ) no. she bend over to pick up the saddle . sebastian Nice . she sigh , disgust , then turn toward he . annette be you often this offensive on a first encounter ? sebastian I be just be honest . you happen to have a nice ass . sorry . she shake she head and continue with she chore . sebastian I read you teen beat manifesto . annette you do ? sebastian I must say I find it rather appall . annette that 's a first . most people praise I for it . sebastian most people be moron . I mean who be you to knock what you have never experience ? annette I be not knock anything . it 's just my belief that people should not actually experience the act of love until they be in love and that people we age be too immature to be in touch with that emotion . sebastian oh really ? annette take yourself . you have sleep with several woman . be you happier because of it ? sebastian how do you know I have be with several woman ? annette a friend write I . sebastian ( piss ) well maybe you should get to know the person before you judge they instead of listen to some bullshit gossip . annette I be sorry . I do not mean to upset you ... but you still do not answer the question . a uncomfortable silence fall between they , sebastian who the hell be take the time to write letter , spread this shit about I ? annette it 's not really important . sebastian Fine , forget it . it 's obvious that we be not go to be friend . annette why be you be so dramatic ? sebastian look , I have get a lot of problem and I be try to deal with they and the last thing I need be people spread shit about I . annette alright , I say I be sorry . ( beat ) can we start over again ? I think we have get off on the wrong foot . she approach he and they shake . annette ( cont would ) annette Harrison . sebastian sebastian valmont . she smile , but before he release she hand : sebastian ( cont would ) so tell I , annette . I be curious , since you have never have sex do you touch yourself ? she whisk she hand away and storm out of the stable . sebastian ( cont would ) what do I say ? 19 int . caldwell apartment - study - day 19 close on : a hand stroking the bridge of a cello . ronald ( o.s. ) that 's good , that 's good . we pull back cecile sit in front of a cello . next to she sit ronald clifford , a well - mannered fifteen year old African american . holding he own cello , he be give she a music lesson . ronald ( cont would ) now let 's try the a minor scale . cecile attempt the a minor scale , fuck up badly . Kathryn enter and shudder in silence . ronald ( cont would ) once more , and remember the third note be flat . cecile try again and once again screw up . cecile oh , I suck . I suck . ronald relax . it 's okay . take a deep breath . cecile take a deep breath ronald ( cont would ) you be concentrate too much on you bow . let it flow . he stand and sit behind she . ronald ( cont would ) here , let I help you . he place he hand over hers . ronald ( cont would ) now close you eye and let 's try again . she close she eye and they repeat the scale . it sound much better . Ronald take the moment to study cecile 's face . it 's obvious he 's smitten with she . on kathryn : who watch from the door . a grin cross she face . Ronald replace she other hand and play a beautiful bach sonata , with he and cecile share the bow . he close he eye as the music take over he . now cecile open she eye and gaze into he . the feel be mutual . on kathryn : she accidentally bang she hand onto a table which cause a metal tray to fall to the ground . Ronald and cecile look up as Kathryn replace the tray kathryn I be sorry . I do not mean to interrupt . you play be beautiful . Ronald quickly stand and move away from cecile cecile Kathryn , this be Ronald clifford . he 's give I music lesson over the summer . Ronald approach and shake Kathryn 's hand . ronald please to meet you . kathryn likewise I be sure . cecile Ronald be one of the few high school student attend juliard . he 's compose he first opera . ronald it 's base on the life of Doctor Martin luther King . cecile Doctor King be my favorite . Ronald shake he head , but laugh . cecile look at he and smile . Kathryn roll she eye . ronald I guess we hour 's up . same time tomorrow ? cecile nod . 20 ext . blaine' house - day 20 another nice home in Connecticut . sebastian 's porsche be park outside . 21 int . blaine' house - bedroom - day 21 a typical teenager bedroom , expect this one be a shrine to herb ritt homo-erotic art . blaine tuttle , oakwood prep 's resident drug-dealer and open homosexual , sit at he desk separate pot seed from he stash . sebastian pace behind he . sebastian unbelievable . some fag , no offense - blaine - none take - sebastian - write a letter to this chick and say shit about I . blaine any idea who it could be ? sebastian blaine , if I know who it be that person would not be alive right now . blaine where do you say she 's from ? sebastian Kansas . who the hell do I know in Kansas ? blaine greg mcconnell . sebastian the football stud ? blaine he 's from Kansas City . I would not be surprised if he be you rat . sebastian it would make sense . mcconnell hate I . I finger he girlfriend at the game last year . blaine I do not think that bother he . sebastian what do you mean ? blaine let 's just say greg like tackle tight end on and off the field . sebastian be you shitting I ? blaine I shit you not . mcconnell use to sneak in my dorm room drunk every month . we would go at it for a while , then as soon as he would cum , he start freaking out . you know - ( imitate greg ) " what be you do , man ? I be not a fag . I will kick you ass if you say anything . " ( beat ) it 's like , for christsake greg , you be gay , deal with it . the only reason why I let he continue with he charade be because he 's get a mouth like a Hoover . sebastian too bad he 's in Kansas this summer . blaine not anymore . football team start practice last week . he 's already call I to hook up . sebastian really . you think you could arrange a little get together with he tonight on my behalf ? blaine hmmm . I do believe bravo be show spartacus on television tonight . sebastian outstanding . blaine do not think it 's not go to cost you . sebastian no problem . just make sure you front door be unlock . shall we say the " stroke of midnight " no pun intend ? sebastian hand blaine two hundred dollar bill . 22 ext . central park - day 22 Kathryn and cecile sit on a blanket . a lavish picnic lie around they . Kathryn wear large sunglass , a scarf and a hat to protect she from the sunlight . she sit behind cecile and braid she hair . kathryn so , rumor have it that you go on a date with Court reynold . I hear he 's very nice . cecile he 's alright . ( giggle ) he keep talk about this bulimic headcase he dumped over fourth of July . kathryn really ? bulimic headcase . cecile what a loser she must be . ( beat ) anyhow , Court 's invite I to the hampton for Labor Day weekend . kathryn that 's great . cecile you think so ? I do not know . I guess I be just scared . kathryn what be you scared of ? cecile ah duh . boy . I have never even go to first base with a guy . what do I do ? kathryn have not you ever practice with one of you girlfriend ? cecile eww . no . that 's gross . kathryn it 's not gross . how else do you think girl learn ? here turn around and face I . cecile turn and face Kathryn , who remove she glass . kathryn ( cont would ) now close you eye and wet you lip . cecile be you for real ? kathryn do you want to learn or not ? cecile I guess . it still sound gross . cecile do as instruct . Kathryn lean in and kiss she on the mouth . kathryn see that be not so bad . cecile it be nothing . kathryn let 's try it again , only this time I be go to stick my tongue in you mouth . when I do that I want you to massage my tongue with yours . that 's what first base be . cecile ( reluctant ) okay . kathryn eye close . cecile close she eye . Kathryn lean in and kiss she again , only this time longer . she continue to kiss she then gently push she tongue into cecile 's . cecile do as instruct and they start to make out . Kathryn eye look towards the ground where cecile 's hand be now clutching the grass . Kathryn smile and continue she seduction . she place she hand on cecile 's thigh and move it under she dress . cecile let out a soft sigh . Kathryn break from the kiss . they look at each other and smile . kathryn ( cont would ) not bad . cecile that be cool . kathryn maybe you should try it on you friend Ronald sometime . cecile what be you say ? kathryn oh come on cecile . he 's crazy about you . cecile be it that obvious ? Kathryn nod . cecile ( cont would ) he send I letter you know . Love letter . kathryn that 's so romantic . have you respond ? cecile no . kathryn well do you like he ? cecile I do not know . kathryn cecile , we just make out in the middle of Central Park . you can trust I . cecile ( beat ) I do like he . I can not stop think about he . cecile start to cry . Kathryn hug she . cecile ( cont would ) what be I go to do ? if my mother find out about Ronald she would kill I . Kathryn grab she and look she straight in the eye . kathryn listen to I . you mother must never know . never . cecile okay . kathryn do you hide the letter ? cecile yes . they be in this antique doll house in my room . kathryn I want you to make I copy of he letter and bring they to I . cecile why ? kathryn cecile if there 's one thing I be great at it 's love letter . with my help , he will be eat out of the palm of you hand . perhaps we can arrange a little get together for the two of you at my house . cecile you would do that for I ? kathryn of course I would . we be friend , right ? cecile best friend . cecile kiss she on the cheek and hug Kathryn . 23 int . estate - annette' guest room - night 23 Little touch of annette 's life ( photo of dead mother ) adorn the room . annette be read the fountainhead when she hear sing come from outside . unable to concentrate , she walk out onto the balcony . 24 ext . estate - annette' balcony - night 24 annette step onto the balcony . her p.o.v . - sebastian lie in a float pool chair sip a cocktail and listen to he walkman and sing Beethoven 's " ode to Joy " in german . annette ( call out ) Excuse I . Excuse I ! sebastian you talk to I ? annette look , I know this be you house and all , but do you think you couid keep it down ? I be try to read . sebastian what ' cha read ? annette the fountainhead . sebastian great book . annette ( skeptical ) you have read the fountainhead ? sebastian several time . I be not as dumb as I act , you know . when Howard roark make love to Dominique francon ... most romantic scene in all of literature . annette romantic ? he rape she . sebastian that 's a matter of opinion . annette you need help . sebastian why do not you come join I for a swim and we will discuss it . annette at this hour ? I do not think so . sebastian oh come on . quit act like a geriatric and get in the pool . annette gee , with a invitation like that how could a girl refuse . sebastian please . annette give I a minute . I will be right down . sebastian thank you . she re-enter the guest room . sebastian 's cell phone ring . he answer it . intercut with : 25 int . valmont townhouse - kathryn' bedroom - night 25 Kathryn sit in she bathrobe . one foot soak in a small tub of water while sook - hee tend to she other foot . kathryn fuck she yet ? sebastian I be work on it . kathryn loser . sebastian blow I . kathryn call I later . sebastian okay . she hang up and light a cigarette . sook - hee accidently jab she toe . kathryn ow . that hurt you stupid bitch . sook -hee sorry . Kathryn kick some water in she face . kathryn oops . 26 ext . estate - swimming pool - night 26 annette come down , wear a bathrobe . she sit by the pool as sebastian tread water away from she . annette ( hold out the letter ) you know it amaze I that someone as bright as you can be so horrible . sebastian what ? another letter from you friend ? annette this be my favorite part . ( read the letter ) even more treacherous and dangerous than he be charming and fascinating . he have never take a single step or speak a single word without some dishonorable or criminal intention . every young girl he have successfully pursue have regret it . sebastian you know you could at least have the decency of tell I who 's badmouth I so I might have the opportunity to confront they face to face . how do you know it 's not some girl who 's piss off at I for break up with she ? annette I sincerely doubt it . sebastian give I the fuck letter . annette smile and tear the letter up . sebastian ( cont would ) why do you do that ? annette the last thing I need be you go into my room search for this while I be away . sebastian ( mock ) be that the last thing you need ? my you clever . she take piece of paper and stick it in she bathrobe . she then stand and take off the robe , revealing a one piece bathing suit underneath . annette how 's the water ? sebastian refresh . she dive in the pool and surface . sebastian ( cont would ) you be right you know . annette about what ? sebastian about what you say today in the stable . I be not a happy person . annette I never say that . sebastian you imply it . annette look , I do not mean to give you a hard time . sebastian no , it 's okay . I mean I look at you with all you moral and value and well , you seem to be happy in you choice . I envy you . no bullshit . annette ( catch off guard ) thank you . sebastian seriously , you be amazing . you have everything go for you . ( count with he finger ) you be smart , you be beautiful , you be determine . you be everything I want in a girlfriend . annette ( jokingly ) shut up . sebastian I be not kid . I would like to take you out . annette look , I be flatter but , seriously it could never work . sebastian why not ? annette because you act like a pig . he swim towards she . sebastian do you deny that there 's a attraction between we ? annette I do not ... I do not want to answer that ... look we be friend . sebastian you do not find I cute ? come on , look at this muscle . he flexe for she . she laugh . annette I be sorry , but you be not my type . sebastian Fine . Friends it be . I can live with that . he extend he arm out for a hug . she move in and hug he . her smile turn to a look of horror . annette you be naked . sebastian it 's my house . she push he off she . annette that 's repulsive . sebastian what 's the big deal ? we be friend . have not you ever see you friend naked before ? annette climb out of the pool . annette get some manners . she walk into the house . sebastian sorry , I do not know you be peenaphobic . she flip he the bird as she head into the house . sebastian ( cont would ) oooooo , naughty naughty . ten hail Mary 's for you . ( beat ) good night . 27 ext . blaine' house - night 27 sebastian 's porsche be park outside . 28 int . blaine' house - hallway - night 28 sebastian press he ear to the door . greg ( o.s. ) ( moan ) oh baby ... oh baby ... sebastian baby ? ( check he watch ) right on time . 29 int . blaine' house - bedroom - night 29 greg mcconnell , all - american star football player for oakwood prep be busy get he cock suck by blaine , who lie under the cover . greg ( near orgasm ) oh God ... oh God , I be gonna cum . I be gonna cum ... I be gonna ... the door swing open and sebastian enter . sebastian hey blaine , do I leave my ... holy shit . greg Jesus ! greg throw the cover over he face . sebastian smile and sit . he light a cigarette . no movement from under the cover . sebastian greg , be that you under the cover ? greg ( from under the cover ) get out of here . sebastian stand yank the cover off the bed , revealing greg and blaine . sebastian whoa ! greg I tell you to lock the door . blaine I think I do . greg look valmont . this be the first time I have ever do something like this . I be -- sebastian ( apathetic ) -- really drunk and blah blah blah blah blah . greg please do not tell anyone . this could ruin my career . sebastian you career ? what about you family ? can you imagine the humiliation you father 's go to feel when he find out he pride and joy be a fudge - packer . blaine hey hey hey . careful valmont , he 's not a fudge packer . cum chugger yes but not a fudge packer . greg ( to sebastian ) please . I be begging you . I will do anything . let 's just forget the whole thing . sebastian hmmmmmmm ... nah . I can not help you there . it 's too good to pass up . greg start to cry . sebastian ( cont would ) after all , it be you who 's bad - mouth I to annette Harrison . greg annette Harrison ? I do not know what you be talk about . sebastian come on greg . you be the only one who know she . the truth will save you . greg ( sobbing ) I swear on my life , I never say a word to she about you . blaine I think he 's tell the truth valmont . greg could not write a grocery list let alone a letter . sebastian alright , I believe you . stop cry . you secret 's safe with I . greg wipe he eye . sebastian ( cont would ) however , this whole incident 's kind of turn I on . sebastian unzip he fly . sebastian ( cont would ) you get my point . greg , completely defeat , crawl off the bed and over to sebastian . blaine shake he head and smile . greg place he hand on sebastian 's thigh when - sebastian ( cont would ) Jesus Christ , I be only kid . what do you think , I be gay ? my God , have not you have enough for tonight . blaine we boy just can not get enough dick . greg you sick son of a bitch . blaine and sebastian laugh . sebastian I will leave you guy alone . ( macho voice ) score one for the team , greg . sebastian leave the room , then re-enter . sebastian ( cont would ) come to think of it , there be something you can do for I . 30 ext . estate - road - day 30 annette jog up a dirt road on she morning run . thirty yard behind her - a golf cart drive off a meadow and land on the road . sebastian be drive . annette look back and scowl . sebastian catch up to she . sebastian need a lift ? annette no thank you . sebastian how be you today ? annette give it up . sebastian oh right , last night . I guess I owe you a apology . annette I be not go to speak to you till you realize that you can not intimidate I . sebastian I say I be sorry . she continue she jog . sebastian follow alongside . sebastian ( cont would ) have a nice sleep last night ? annette it be fine . sebastian I wish I could say the same for myself . I be up think about you all night . annette I think we agree that we be go to be friend . sebastian yes , well unfortunately I can not just switch the " on " button to " off . " the sad fact of the matter be that you have unintentionally rubbed off on I . annette stop run and turn to he . annette and that 's a bad thing ? sebastian I be try to better myself , but the one person who can help I be the same one push I away . annette I be sorry , but I be not here to be you savior . sebastian well try this one on for size . I think I be fall in love with you . annette you do not even know I . sebastian do not you believe in love at first sight ? annette yes , but only when it 's mutual . and this be far from mutual . sebastian ouch . do you think we could spend some time together this morning ? annette I can not . I be see a friend . sebastian who ? annette that 's none of you business . sebastian how about tonight ? annette I be busy . sebastian do what ? annette that 's also none of you business . sebastian tell I what to do , annette . how can I win you heart . I will do anything . I can not get you out of my mind . annette you truly want to do something to make I happy ? sebastian yes . annette and you promise to abide by it ? sebastian without question . annette alright . ( beat ) I want you to leave and go back to New York . sebastian what ? annette if that 's a problem , then I will make arrangement to stay with some friend . sebastian think for a moment . he 's piss . sebastian I will leave this afternoon . happy ? annette it 's not about be happy . you and I can not - he shift the cart into reverse and back away . 31 ext . beach - day 31 annette and greg walk along the beach and gaze out at the ocean . greg he tell you he 's fail in love with you ? I have never know he to say that word before . annette really ? I think he say it all the time . greg that 's not he style . one thing I can say about valmont . he always speak the truth . annette look lose . greg ( cont would ) what 's wrong ? annette nothing . greg be there a mutual feel between you two ? annette no . I mean . I do not know . ( beat ) what else do you know about he ? greg not a whole lot . we take some class together . he 's get a bad rep , but it 's mostly bullshit . annette what do you mean ? greg well , a lot of people be jealous cause he 's load . annette ( sigh ) I do not know . I have be hearing some awful thing about he . greg from who ? annette I can not tell you . I be swear to secrecy . greg take she hand . greg annette , how long have we know each other ? annette forever . greg now it 's my job to look out for you . you be like a kid sister to I . do I look like some kind of gossip queen ? annette laugh . annette you promise not to say anything ? greg on my mother 's life . annette ( beat ) okay ... 32 int . porsche - day 32 sebastian drive down the highway towards Manhattan . he hold he cell phone in one ear . sebastian that nosey bitch . be you sure ? intercut with : 33 ext . beach - day 33 greg talk on a pay phone , out of annette 's sight . greg positive . sebastian do you do everything I ask you to ? greg yes . sebastian you tell she I never say I love you before ? greg yes ! sebastian you tell she that people be jealous cause I be load ? greg yes ! sebastian and you think she buy it ? greg I be pretty sure she do . sebastian pretty sure or sure sure ? greg she buy it . sebastian I will be in touch . click . the line go dead . 34 int . valmont townhouse - live room - day 34 Kathryn be sit in front of the television , scowling . on tv - a hidden video of ronald and cecile in the valmont live room . Ronald play Beethoven 's " moonlight sonata " at the piano while cecile listen and sway to the music . angle on : live room - kathryn enough with the music . fuck she already . she throw a magazine at the television . sebastian burst into the live room . sebastian you would not believe what -- kathryn shhh . on television - ronald finishes the song . cecile stand and applaud . ronald take a bow . cecile ( on video ) that be beautiful . ronald ( on video ) almost as beautiful as you . cecile blushes . Ronald check he watch . ronald ( on video ) well , I guess it 's get late . please thank Kathryn for the use of she steinway . cecile ( on video ) I will see you tomorrow . ronald ( on video ) absolutely . he approach she , awkwardly then shake she hand . kathryn ( o.s. ) idiot ! angle on : live room - Kathryn freeze frame the image . kathryn what 's wrong with you ? sebastian you ready for this ? I have recently discover that we good friend Mrs. caldwell be the one who send the letter to annette urging she to stay away from I . kathryn interesting . sebastian I now plan to devote all my energy to destroy the douche bag . any luck corrupt she daughter ? kathryn no . sebastian call cecile up and get she to come over . I will bust that cherry in a heartbeat . she walk over to the " freeze frame " image of Ronald and cecile on the television . kathryn the plot thicken . it appear that cecile have fall for she music teacher . sebastian ooo , I be sure Mrs. caldwell will love that . kathryn not to mention Court reynold . unfortunately , Ronald 's move with the speed of a special Olympic bobsledder . sebastian what 's you plan of attack ? kathryn I rat cecile out to mommy . mommy go ballistic and end they relationship . boo hoo . sebastian but who will they turn to for help ? Kathryn smile and sit on sebastian 's lap . kathryn cecile be plan to go away with Court next week . I will need you to speed up she sexual awakening . sebastian rub she shoulder . sebastian I be at you service . kathryn thank you . mmmm , that feel good . sebastian oh sis . you be so tense . sebastian move he hand down she shirt and under she bra . he 's meet with no resistance . kathryn I hate when thing do not go my way . it make I so horny . sebastian I hate it too . he take he hand out from she shirt and slide it under she skirt . sebastian ( cont would ) ( baby talk ) oh baby , you soaking . kathryn I know . she close she eye and rub he crotch . she unzip he fly . kathryn ( cont would ) ( seductively ) any luck with you girl ? sebastian move along quite well . kathryn have you succeed in you task ? sebastian any day now . kathryn well , let I know when you do . until then . she take he hand out from under she pants . kathryn ( cont would ) no pootie . Kathryn smile . kathryn ( cont would ) sorry . 35 ext . townhouse - night 35 a meter may write a ticket on sebastian 's car when she grab she neck in pain . 36 int . valmont townhouse - sebastian' bedroom - night 36 sebastian close he window and set down a bb rifle with a infrared scope . sebastian Goodbye mister bond . he pick up the phone and dial . sebastian ( cont would ) hi , it 's sebastian . I do not wake you do I ? intercut with : 37 int . estate - annette' guest room - night 37 annette sit in bed talk on the other end of the phone . annette no , not at all . sebastian well , I be just call to see how you be do . annette I be ... I be alright . sebastian how be you date ? annette it be not a date . he 's just a friend . there 's a moment of uncomfortable silence . sebastian well , I be just call to tell you I be think about you and I miss you . I will let you go . annette wait , do not hang up . sebastian okay ? annette what be you do ? sebastian reading . he cross over to he circular bed where two scantily clad twin ( gretchen &amp ; mora ) be lick popsicle . annette what be you read ? sebastian of human bondage . annette somerset maugham . sebastian yeah , it 's pretty relevant consider my situation . annette you be not gonna start that again . he take out a bottle of baby oil and pour it on the girl ' butt . sebastian no . I be through with my childish game when it come to you . hold on , that 's my other line . ( to the girl ) rub . they rub the oil on each other then turn to he and smile . he click the phone back on . sebastian ( cont would ) annette that 's my mom call . can I call you tomorrow ? annette sure . have a good night . sebastian I will . back to : 38 int . valmont townhouse - sebastian' bedroom - night 38 gretchen of human bondage . you be such a bullshit artist . sebastian shut up , gretchen . you do not even know what it be . gretchen duh , it 's a book . sebastian do you know what it 's about ? mora who care . book be for fag . sebastian book be for fag . I weep for the future . 39 ext . boutique - day 39 establish shot . 40 int . boutique - day 40 a saleswoman approach Kathryn who 's check out a assortment of fur coat . the saleswoman hold up a beautiful dress . saleswoman here 's something you might like . Kathryn examine the label . kathryn do you carry any real fur ? saleswoman no . all we fur be faux . kathryn of course . the animal . how silly of I . the saleswoman smile , then walk away . Kathryn sneer then look over at a small child , stare at she . kathryn ( cont would ) ( mouth the word ) fuck off . she " shoos " the child away , when Mrs. caldwell approach . mrs . caldwell I get you message and come as quick as I could . kathryn I hope I do not keep you from something . mrs . caldwell not at all . what 's wrong ? kathryn it 's cecile . mrs . caldwell what about she ? kathryn well ... you promise you will not say anything to she . we have develop a friendship and ... mrs . caldwell Kathryn , you have my word . it be not drug be it ? kathryn it 's worse . I think there 's something go on between cecile and she music teacher . mrs . caldwell Ronald ? that 's crazy . kathryn I know . she 's so young and he 's so - mrs . caldwell Black . Kathryn react to she remark . kathryn he 's be send she love letter that she hide under she doll house . I question whether or not to tell you , but something like this could destroy she reputation at oakwood and I do not want to see she get hurt . Kathryn pick out a expensive suit and approach the sale counter . kathryn ( cont would ) I hope I do the right thing in tell you . I would hate to see cecile ruin thing with Court . mrs . caldwell I can not thank you enough . kathryn you will be discreet about this ? mrs . caldwell absolutely . saleswoman will that be cash or charge ? Kathryn look through she purse . kathryn oh poo . I leave my credit card at home . Mrs. caldwell take out she purse . mrs . caldwell let I get that for you . kathryn oh please . I can not have you do that . mrs . caldwell it 's the least I can do . Mrs. caldwell hand the credit card to the saleswoman . Kathryn turn to Mrs. caldwell . kathryn thank you . 41 int . caldwell apartment - study - day 41 Ronald give cecile a cello lesson when Mrs. caldwell burst into the room . mrs . caldwell who the hell do you think you be ?! ronald Excuse I . mrs . caldwell I be pay you to give cello lesson . not to pervert my child . ronald Mrs. caldwell I think you be misunderstanding something . mrs . caldwell be that so ? Mrs. caldwell hold up Ronald 's letter . mrs . caldwell ( cont would ) you care to explain this then ? Ronald and cecile exchange look of worry . cecile where do you find that ? mrs . caldwell margarita find they while clean you room . cecile that be my letter ! mrs . caldwell do not you raise you voice at I . go to you room , now . cecile turn to Ronald . mrs . caldwell ( cont would ) now ! Ronald nod and cecile run out of the room . Mrs. caldwell turn to Ronald . mrs . caldwell ( cont would ) how dare you treat I with such disrespect . I get you off the street and this be how you repay I ? ronald get I off the street ? I live on 59th and Park . mrs . caldwell whatever . you be never to set foot in this house again and you be never and I mean never to see my daughter again . be that understand ?! Ronald pack up he sheet music , while Mrs. caldwell wait . ronald first of all , maam , I never touch you daughter and second , I would like to think that in this time someone of you status could look beyond racial line . mrs . caldwell oh do not give I any of that racist crap . my husband and I give money to Colin Powell . ronald ( sarcastic ) I guess that put I in my place . thank you for the hospitality Mrs. caldwell . it be a true awaken . he storm off . 42 int . caldwell apartment - elevator - day 42 Ronald ride down in the elevator . ronald ( angry ) take I off the street ? the elevator stop and the door open . sebastian and Kathryn stand in the doorway , wear shade . Kathryn hand cecile 's letter . 43 int . valmont townhouse - sebastian' bedroom - day 43 Ronald sit in a chair and read cecile 's letter . sebastian and Kathryn watch . ronald wow . I never know she have this kind of feeling . sebastian you be a lucky guy . ronald ( eye tear up ) she really love I . sebastian and Kathryn roll they eye . ronald ( cont would ) what do I do ? kathryn what do you do ? tell she you love she . ronald but I can not even see she . she do not have she own phone , I do not even know she e-mail address . sebastian Ronald , e-mail 's for geek and pedophile . be romantic . write she another letter . ronald how will I get to she ? sebastian &amp ; kathryn we will make sure she get it . ronald why be you be so good to I ? kathryn because we want to see cecile happy and we know you make she happy . she hand Ronald a pen and paper . kathryn ( cont would ) now you just march yourself into the study and start write . we will be there to check on you in a minute . Ronald leave the room . sebastian close the door while Kathryn pick up the phone and dial . sebastian who be you call ? kathryn cecile . sebastian hang up the phone . kathryn ( cont would ) what be you do ? sebastian before we go through with this , I just want you to be aware of the damage we be go to cause . kathryn I be aware . she pick up the phone and he hang it up again . sebastian be you really ? I mean , we have do some pretty fuck up shit in we time but this ... I mean , we be destroy a innocent girl . you do realize that . kathryn what be that ? oh my God , it 's you conscience . she reach out toward he temple , pluck a handful of something , throw it to the ground and stomp on it . kathryn ( cont would ) Court renold be go down and if you be not go to help I , someone else will . sebastian you amaze I . kathryn eat I , sebastian . it 's alright for you to fuck everyone , but because I be a girl it 's wrong . well let I tell you something , I do not ask to be a girl . do you think I relish the fact that I have to act like Mary Sunshine twenty four seven , so I can be consider a " laaaady . " do you think I take great delight when I hear - " Kathryn be so wonderful . " " Kathryn be a model child . " " Kathryn be go to make a excellent wife one day . " ( beat ) I be the Marsha fuck brady of the upper East side and sometimes I want to kill myself for it . no , I do not enjoy be a part of the weaker sex and for that reason everyone around I be go to suffer . so there 's you psychoanalysis Doctor Freud . now be you in or be you out ? sebastian say nothing . Kathryn pick up the phone and dial . kathryn ( cont would ) hello , cecile . it 's Kathryn . alright , stop cry . I understand . hold on for sebastian . she hand the phone to sebastian . sebastian cecile . now I need you to listen to I very carefully . I have a letter from Ronald that he ask I to give to you . now I can not exactly bring it to you house , since you mother despise I so here 's what we be go to do . 44 caldwell apartment - cecile's bedroom - night 44 the clock read 1:30 . a large collection of antique and stuff animal line the room and wall . cecile lie in bed , eye wide open . she crawl out of it , dress in sweat . 45 manhattan STREET - night 45 cecile exit a building and step into a wait taxi . 46 int . valmont townhouse - sebastian' bedroom - night 46 cecile lie on sebastian 's bed . she finish the letter while sebastian fiddle with a camera . cecile finish . she hand the letter to sebastian , who look it over . sebastian excellent . cecile you think he will like it ? sebastian he will love it . he point the camera at cecile and snap a photo . cecile what be you do ? sebastian just take you photo . cecile I look terrible . sebastian mmmm , you be right . that clothes do not do you justice . why do not you take they off . cecile gasp . cecile I be get out of here . she stand to leave . sebastian block she path . sebastian I be sorry that be out of line . cecile ( scared ) I want to go home . sebastian I be just kid . cecile ( eye water ) I want to go home . he move toward the phone sebastian okay , okay . I will just call you mom and have she come pick you up . cecile my mom ? do not call my mom . sebastian why not ? ... oh wow , she do not know you be here . in fact , you be ground . Jesus , you could get in a shitload of trouble for this . I think I should call she anyway . cecile run over to he , sobbing , and wrap she arm around he leg . cecile please please please . I will do anything . just do not call my mom . sebastian cecile , all I want to do be give you a kiss . cecile and then I can go home ? sebastian of course . I be not a monster . cecile breathes a sigh of relief . he pull she up to she foot . cecile just a kiss , right ? sebastian I swear . she close she eye , then pucker up . sebastian take the string hold up she sweat and pull it open . cecile bolt up . cecile what be you do ? sebastian you promise to let I kiss you . cecile but - sebastian ( point at she lip ) I do not want to kiss you here . I want to kiss you there . sebastian point to she crotch . she move she hand to she sweat and look up at he . sebastian shrug . cecile pull the string to she sweat . they fall to the floor . 47 int . caldwell apartment - cecile's bedroom - day 47 Mrs. caldwell enter the room . mrs . caldwell cecile be you up yet ? we be gonna to be late for the - she notice the bed be empty . mrs . caldwell ( cont would ) cecile ? she walk over the bathroom door and knock . mrs . caldwell ( cont would ) cecile ? cecile ( o.s. ) I be in the bath , mom . mrs . caldwell well hurry up . I want to be at Mrs. rosemond 's before lunch . cecile ( o.s. ) okay . 48 int . caldwell apartment - cecile's bathroom - day 48 cecile stand in front of she mirror , cry . she apply make - up to several hickey on she neck . she xxx down she shirt and grimace . she stick she finger the make - up bottle , then put she hand down she shirt . 49 ext . estate - terrace - day 49 aunt helen , annette , Mrs. caldwell and cecile be have lunch . cecile be wear a turtle neck . mrs . caldwell it be nice of you to invite we up for the weekend , helen . aunt helen more the merrier . ( to cecile ) be everything alright my dear ? cecile I be just not feel well . sebastian enter carry he tennis racket . sebastian afternoon lady . cecile be stunne that he 's there . sebastian take a seat at the table . mrs . caldwell I do not know you would be here , sebastian . sebastian I be not plan on it , but be such a lovely day , why waste it in the city . anyone for tennis ? he look at cecile and stroke the shaft of he racket . cecile stand and rush into the house . sebastian ( cont would ) what 's wrong with she ? no one know . mrs . caldwell ( cont would ) would you excuse I for a minute ? Mrs. caldwell follow she into the house . sebastian ( concerned ) I hope she 's alright . aunt helen I better go check on they . aunt helen stand and enter the house . sebastian alone again . ( beat ) what be you up to today ? annette I be do some volunteer work . sebastian need any company ? annette you ? volunteer ? I do not think so . sebastian I do not know ? maybe I would like it . I be try to change here . you could be supportive . annette ( smile ) okay . sebastian Babe , you be look at the next mother Teresa . annette shake she head and laugh . 50 int . estate - cecile's guest room - day 50 cecile talk on the phone . cecile please . I need you . I do not know what to do . you be the only one I can talk to . 51 int . valmont townhouse - live room - day 51 Kathryn listen on the other end of the conversation . kathryn I will be there in a few hour . she hang up the phone and smile . 52 ext . retirement home - day 52 establish shot . 53 int . retirement home - hallway - day 53 a nurse escort sebastian and annette down the hall . nurse it 's really nice when the young people help out . most of we patient do not have any family nearby . they stop at a door and open it . a old man sit in he hospital bed . nurse ( cont would ) mister gottlieb , we have a visitor for you . sebastian start to enter the room , when the nurse stop he . nurse ( cont would ) actually sebastian , you be go to be spend the hour with Mrs. sugarman . the nurse escort a unhappy sebastian down the hall . annette wave " bye bye " to he . 54 int . retirement home - mr. gottlieb be room - day 54 annette sit by mister gottlieb 's bed and read from a book of poetry . 55 int . retirement home - mrs . sugarman' room - day 55 a senile mrs . sugarman sit in bed , while sebastian do a newspaper crossword puzzle and ignore she . he smoke a cigarette and flick the ash into she bedpan which lie next to she on the bed . mrs . sugerman do I ever tell you the time when my late husband send I - sebastian yes , you already do . mrs . sugerman I do ? sebastian never take he eye off the paper . sebastian right after we play backgammon . mrs . sugerman we play backgammon ? sebastian uh huh . you beat I three time . mrs . sugerman I do ? sebastian yep . then I fuck you daughter . mrs . sugerman Excuse I ? he turn to she and extinguish he cigarette . sebastian I say , do you want some water ? mrs . sugerman oh ... no thank you ... there 's a knock at the door . sebastian come in . annette and the nurse enter . nurse how we do in here ? mrs . sugerman I win three game of backgammon . sebastian smile at annette , who smile back . 56 int . porsche - day 56 sebastian and annette drive towards the estate . sebastian it 's weird . I actually feel good about myself . can we do this again next week ? annette oh please . sebastian what ? annette " I actually feel good about myself ? " sebastian I do . annette you must take I for a real idiot . sebastian I do not . annette you be go to tell I that you have a good time with the old lady . sebastian I do . we play three game of backgammon and ... she throw he a look . sebastian ( cont would ) alright . I be bored out of my fuck mind . I hate do charity . annette that 's okay . it do not make you a bad person . sebastian yes it do . annette no , it do not . I be happy you be be honest with I . sebastian ( sigh ) I can not win with you . annette it 's not about win . you know what you problem be ? you take yourself way too seriously . sebastian I do not . annette lighten up . sebastian I be lighten . can we drop this ? annette Fine . they drive on in silence . a smile come over annette 's face . she turn to he , cross she eye and make a face . sebastian look over . sebastian what be you do ? stop it , it 's distracting . she hold the face . sebastian start to laugh . sebastian ( cont would ) cut it out . he continue to laugh . she stop make the face . annette oh dear , be you actually laugh ? sebastian no . annette no ? she make the face again . he laugh . sebastian stop that . she laugh with he . annette there 's hope for you , yet . she reach out and hold he hand . he squeeze it . 57 int . estate - cecile's guest room - day 57 cecile lie in the bed . there 's a knock on the door . cecile who be it ? kathryn ( o.s. ) it 's Kathryn . cecile bolt up and unlock the door . Kathryn stand there with a worried look on she face . kathryn ( cont would ) be you okay ? cecile no . Kathryn enter and lock the door behind she . cecile be cry . kathryn calm down . tell I what 's wrong . cecile something awful happen last night . kathryn what do you mean ?! cecile I ... I do not think you want to know . kathryn cecile , you have to tell I . cecile it involve you brother . he ... take advantage of I . kathryn do you mother know ? cecile if she know , she would kill I . it happen at you house last night . kathryn why do not you do something ? cecile I do not know . kathryn so , let I get this straight . you come over to we house late last night and he force intercourse on you . cecile well ... not exactly . kathryn he make you give he a blow job . cecile no . kathryn well what then ? cecile wait a moment , then whisper in she ear . kathryn ( cont would ) he eat you out ? cecile if that 's what you call it . kathryn cecile , I think you be go to have a hard time cry rape if that 's all he do . cecile what do I do then ? kathryn well do you like it ? cecile well ... I do not know - it be weird . at first it feel icky , then it feel kind of okay . then , I start get really hot and then I start shaking and then like , I do not t know ... it feel like a explosion , but a good one . Kathryn laugh . kathryn cecile , you have a orgasm . cecile I do ? kathryn I be so proud of you . you be become a woman . cecile I be ? Kathryn nod . cecile embrace she , happy . kathryn now listen . now that you be on you way , it would be stupid of you to stop . think of sebastian as a tutor . let he instruct you . cecile I do not love he . I love Ronald . kathryn so ? do not you want to make Ronald a happy pappy ? practice make perfect , cecile . my advice be to sleep with as many people as possible . cecile but that would make I a slut . ( beat ) would not it ? kathryn cecile , everybody do it . it 's just that nobody talk about it . cecile take the information in . cecile it 's like a secret society . kathryn that 's one way of look at it . cecile cool . 58 ext . estate - garden - day 58 annette sit on the grass read Gabriel Garcia Marquez 's Love in the time of cholera . she put the book down and wipe a tear from she eye . 59 int . estate - sebastian be room - day 59 sebastian peer out he window with a pair of binocular . Kathryn enter he room . kathryn I just have a nice chat with cecile . I do not think she will be give you anymore problem . sebastian yippy . kathryn who be you spying on ? sebastian take a look for yourself . he hand the binocular to Kathryn , who look out the window . kathryn that she ? sebastian yeah . kathryn Jesus , she reek of Laura Ashley . ( sarcastic ) oh , she 's cry . wittle baby 's upset by the big bad book . sebastian grab the binocular from she . sebastian shut up . kathryn what 's you problem ? sebastian nothing . kathryn she 's really get to you , be not she ? sebastian if you must know , yes . I do not know what to do . I can not stand that holier than thou bullshit and yet , I be completely infatuated with she . ( beat ) she make I laugh . kathryn and that 's why you be lose you bet ? sebastian I be not lose the bet . it 's just take longer than I expect . kathryn do you mind if I take my new porsche for a ride ? sebastian Kathryn , the only thing you be go to be riding be I . now if you will excuse I , I have some work to do . he storm out of the room . 60 ext . estate - garden - day 60 sebastian walk over to annette , who continue to read she book . she notice he and set the book down . sebastian be I bother you ? annette not at all . have a seat . he sit down next to she . sebastian do not tell I you finish the fountainhead already ? she nod . he point to she book . sebastian ( cont would ) great book . what 's the guy 's name , florentino ... annette florentino ariza . sebastian stick he hand in he pocket and fiddle around . sebastian my friend monsieur Philipe be a friend of florentino . annette who 's monsieur Philipe ? sebastian you do not know monsieur Philipe ? sebastian take out a sock puppet . sebastian ( cont would ) ( low voice ) bonjour mademoiselle . annette ( laugh ) bonjour monsieur Philipe . sebastian ( monsieur Philipe voice ) you be very pretty . I would like to kiss you . the puppet kiss she on the cheek . sebastian ( cont would ) ( monsieur Philipe voice ) oooo , that feel good . annette thank you . he kiss she on the cheek . sebastian ( monsieur Philipe voice ) that feel good too . I will kiss you all over . the puppet attack a laugh annette . she playfully grab sebastian and start to tickle he . sebastian tickle she back . they roll around on the ground until sebastian land on top of she . a moment of tense silence pass and sebastian kiss she . the kissing intensify until she push he off she . sebastian stand . sebastian ( cont would ) I be sorry about that . annette I be too . he pace for a moment and he mood turn to anger . sebastian you know what ? I do not take it back . annette why be you do this ? sebastian because I be in love with you . annette I think you say we be go to be friend . sebastian I can not handle it . I can not keep my feeling bottled up like you . can you honestly tell I that you feel nothing for I ? ... tell I ! annette I have feeling for you . sebastian then what 's wrong ? I love you annette . it 's not like you have a husband , unless you marry to Jesus . annette that 's not fair . sebastian why can not we be together ? annette 's eye well up with tear . annette you really want to know ? sebastian yes . annette it 's because I do not trust myself with you . ( beat ) I take a vow and because of you I be tempt to break it . do not destroy that for I . please . she hurry off . 61 int . estate - sebastian be room - day 61 sebastian enter the room and slam the door behind he . sebastian ( frustrated ) shit . he hear the shower run from the bathroom . 62 int . estate - sebastian' bathroom - day 62 sebastian enter the room . cecile stick she head out from the shower curtain . cecile want to join I ? sebastian ( indifferent ) some other time , cecile . he leave the room . cecile look confuse . a moment pass and sebastian re-enter take off he clothes . sebastian ( cont would ) what be I , a idiot ? cecile smile . 63 int . estate - sebastian be room - night 63 sebastian and cecile lie in bed . sebastian smoke a cigarette and write in he journal . cecile be I suppose to be this sore ? sebastian for the first time , yes . it will pass . a moment of silence . cecile I like it better when I be on top . sebastian cecile . this be what I like to call quiet time . this be time when we reflect on what we have do . cecile I be sorry . she look at the troubled expression on sebastian 's face . cecile ( cont would ) something 's bother you ? sebastian you think ? cecile be it I ? sebastian no , you be fine . sebastian be p.o.v . - he look out on the balcony , where Kathryn be eavesdropp . they make eye contact and she wave . cecile it 's that girl , annette . he stand and walk over to the balcony , where he close the blind . cecile ( cont would ) you love she , do not you ? it 's okay . I do not love you either . I love Ronald . sebastian I be get out of here . sebastian head to the bathroom . cecile where be you go ? sebastian ( o.s. ) I be take a shower . cecile need any company ? sebastian ( o.s. ) no. cecile want a blow job ? sebastian ( o.s. ) good night cecile . cecile ( under she breath ) prude . 64 int . estate - annette' guest room - night 64 annette be read in bed . there 's a knock on the door . annette come in . sebastian enter the room . sebastian I just come to say goodbye . annette where be you go ? sebastian back to the city . I may take off to Europe for the rest of the summer . I just can not handle it around here . annette I think that 's for the best . sebastian good for you . annette sebastian , please . I do not want we to end on bad term . sebastian well , I be afraid you do not have a choice in the matter . you make I sick . you be a hypocrite and I do not associate with hypocrite . annette 's eye well up with tear . annette how be I a hypocrite ? sebastian oh please annette . you spend all you time preaching about wait for love . well here it be . right in front of you , but you be go to turn you back on it . I be sorry that we be not at the age where we can get marry . if we be , I would propose , but that 's not go to happen . so I guess we be just fuck . I will move on , but you ... you be go to have to live with yourself know you have turn you back on love . and that make you a hypocrite . sebastian head to the door . sebastian ( cont would ) have a nice life . annette race toward he and throw she arm around he . annette ( sobbing ) please do not go . sebastian get off I . she kiss he passionately . annette I ... I want you . sebastian embrace she and draw she over to the bed . she lie down and start to unbutton she dress . sebastian stand over she watch she . her cry do not let up as she continue to undress . sebastian stand , stunne and watch she . sebastian I be sorry , I can not . a pain look cross she face . sebastian leave the room and close the door . 65 int . estate - sebastian be room - night 65 sebastian close the door and lean against it . sebastian shit . he wipe he eye , which be start to water . he go over to a mirror at look at himself . sebastian ( cont would ) get it together you pussy . a stern look come over he face . he smile , then walk away . 66 ext . estate - front of house - day 66 a cab pull up to the house . the front door open and a cry annette quickly leave the house and climb into the cab . she close the door and the cab pull away from the house . we pan up to a second story window where Kathryn be look down and smile . 67 int . estate - sebastian be room - day 67 sebastian lie sleep in he bed . his journal lie beside he . a feather tickle he nose . he stir awake and look up to see Kathryn stare down at he . kathryn Morning ! sebastian ( sarcastic ) Morning . kathryn so ? how would it go last night ? sebastian with who ? kathryn well I know how it go with cecile . she will not shut up about it . how would it go with Mrs. Jesus ? sebastian sit up in bed . sebastian if you ask if I nail she the answer be no . kathryn she shot you down . sebastian exactly the opposite . kathryn so what go wrong ? sebastian I do not know . she be lie on the bed , ready to do it , but I - - I do not , I be ... I just do not feel right about it . kathryn you be tell I you have the chance to fuck she and you do not . God be you a chump . sebastian a momentary lapse of judgment , soon to be rectify . he climb out of bed and put on he robe . he start out the door , when - kathryn if you be head towards she room , you will not find she . sebastian where be she ? kathryn you do not know ? ( big smile ) she leave thirty minute ago . sebastian where would she go ? kathryn she would not say . she apologize to you aunt and tell she she be go to stay with some friend . ( beat ) you blow it , sebastian . that girl have come to she sense and she will never go near you again . sebastian throw off the robe and start to dress . sebastian we will see about that . 68 int . greg' dorm room - day 68 a shrine to hot babe , who 's poster adorn the wall . greg be busy dump muscle magazine , several issue of Teen beat and some musical theater CD into a trash bag when the phone ring . he answer it . greg hello . intercut with : 69 ext . highway / int . porsche - day 69 sebastian be talk on he cell phone . sebastian be she with you ? greg who be this ? sebastian sebastian , you faggot . be she with you ? greg no . sebastian where be she ?! greg I do not know . why do not you leave she alone . sebastian mcconnell , I be gonna out you ass in two second if you do not tell I where she be . greg I tell you I do not know . sebastian one . greg alright . she 's stay with some friend of she parent . the o'sheas . she catch the train twenty minute ago into Grand Central . sebastian Grand Central . you better not be fuck with I cause it 's you ass on the line . sebastian click off he cell phone . sebastian ( cont would ) motherfucker . he bang on he dashboard . 70 ext . highway - day 70 the porsche weave in and out of traffic on it 's way to the city . 71 int . train concourse - day 71 a group of passenger exit the train . annette be among they . she stop when she sees - sebastian , stand in the distance . annette stop in she track . she drop she bag , rush over to he and embrace he . sebastian 's cruel demeanor drop , when he realize how happy she be to see he . he look she in the eye and smile . they kiss . 72 int . valmont townhouse - sebastian' bedroom - day 72 sebastian carry a laugh annette into the room . they continue to kiss and he carry she over to the table . he set she down and accidentally knock over a lamp . sebastian ooops . they both laugh . they kiss some more , then start to unbutton each other 's clothes . sebastian struggle with she pants ' button . sebastian ( cont would ) fuck this . he pick she up again and move to the bed . they collapse on the bed and he accidently fall off it . sebastian ( cont would ) suave . annette crack up . sebastian reach up and yank she down on top of he . they both laugh , then kiss . 73 ext . valmont townhouse - night 73 establish shot 74 int . valmont townhouse - sebastian' bedroom - night 74 annette sit on the windowsill watch sebastian as he sleep . he slowly start to wake and look at she . annette hi . sebastian hi. she walk over to he and kiss he . sebastian ( cont would ) you alright ? annette I be fine . I have to get go to my friend ' house . ( beat ) be it -- sebastian it be perfect . she smile and hold she hand out . he take she hand in he . 75 int . valmont townhouse - hallway - night 75 annette close the door to the bedroom and walk down the hall pass a mirror on the wall . in the mirror 's reflection be Kathryn , look very angry . 76 ext . valmont townhouse - day 76 establish shot . 77 int . valmont townhouse - hallway - day 77 sook - hee carry a bundle of fold laundry down the hall . sebastian enter the hallway from he bedroom . he grab she . sebastian you work way to hard . here. ( hand she a wad of money ) take the day off . merry Christmas . sook - hee smile and move on . sebastian continue down the hall . he pass Kathryn 's door and hear noise . kathryn ( o.s. ) slower . sebastian lean against the door . kathryn ( o.s. ) a little to the leave . look , pretend like you be write the alphabet . a ... b... mmm , stay on B. sebastian knock on the door . kathryn ( o.s. ) one second . sebastian hear some fumble then a door close from inside the bedroom . kathryn ( o.s. ) come in . 78 int . valmont townhouse - kathryn' bedroom - day 78 sebastian enter the room , to find Kathryn lie in bed , wear only she bathrobe . sebastian bad time ? kathryn kind of . sebastian well , you obviously want I to witness you little adventure or else you would not have invite I in . sebastian walk toward the closet . sebastian ( cont would ) who be we little friend so inexperienced that you have to resort to the alphabet game ? he throw open the closet door . Ronald stand there cover he genitals with he hand . sebastian ( cont would ) well , well , well . ronald it 's not what it seem like . Ronald pick up he clothes . as he leave : sebastian say hi to cecile . Ronald 's head drop as he close the door behind he . kathryn ( call out ) call I . sebastian throw Kathryn a look . kathryn ( cont would ) you can not have all the fun . sebastian sit on the bed . kathryn ( cont would ) you seem to be in a good mood . sebastian I be . a big grin appear on sebastian 's face kathryn you do not ? sebastian oh yes . kathryn tell I all the detail . sebastian it be ... fantastic . kathryn oh come on . for she first time ? sebastian I know . that 's the amazing part of it . I mean , it be not like cirque du Soleil acrobatics , just standard missionary stuff , but it be ... ah forget it . I be go to sound like a hallmark card . kathryn no , tell I . sebastian it be ... it be like the emotional part outweigh the physical part . kathryn wow . so you make love . ooo , I hear the bird chirp . sebastian mock , mock , mock . she place she hand on he crotch . kathryn so I assume you have come here to make some arrangement . sebastian stand . sebastian some other time . kathryn Excuse I ? sebastian I be not in the mood . kathryn and that 's why you be leave ? sebastian it clearly be why . kathryn I want to fuck . sebastian and I do not . he leave and slam the door behind he . 79 int . valmont townhouse - sebastian' bedroom - day 79 sebastian talk on the phone . sebastian I will pick you up in a hour . I love you too . he hang up the phone . Kathryn stand in the doorway . kathryn oh my God . you be completely p-whipped . sebastian no , I be not . kathryn p-whip , p-whipped . sebastian what 's wrong with you ? why be you act this way ? Kathryn start to cry . kathryn I be sorry . it 's just upsetting . you be in love with she . you do not love I anymore . sebastian oh come on , Kathryn , it be just a contest . kathryn at first it be , but now it 's become something bigger . sebastian Kathryn , you know I love you . I have always love you . kathryn not anymore you do not . it 's obvious . sebastian I can not believe you be reacting this way . you be just say this because you lose the bet . kathryn be that what you think ? he nod . Kathryn sit down on he bed . she slip she underwear off from under she bathrobe and toss it aside , spread she leg . kathryn ( cont would ) alright , come on , let 's get it over with . but mark my word , this be the only time it will happen . she pick up the phone . kathryn ( cont would ) whenever you be ready . just stick it in I . while you be do that I be gonna make some phone call . sebastian that 's not fair . you be take all the fun out of it . kathryn then do I a favor and get rid of she . if not for I , then do it for you . look at yourself . you be a joke . she 's turn you into jelly . what do you want to be , one of that loser who walk down the hall hold hand and smile . people use to respect you . they fear you and now you be go to throw that all away . sebastian stare at she , lose in think . kathryn ( cont would ) poor sebastian . he use to be cool , but now he 's just another love-struck faggot . one of the many . 80 ext . manhattan STREET - day 80 a taxi drive down the street . 81 int . taxi - day 81 Kathryn and sebastian sit in the back seat . her arm be around he . sebastian look nervous . kathryn why so nervous ? sebastian I have never do this before . kathryn how have you dumped girl in the past ? sebastian screen call . any suggestion ? kathryn I know this guy last summer in the hampton . he and he girlfriend at the time be madly in love with each other . but she have this huge weight problem . his friend taunt he mercilessly about it . you know , " how do you breathe when she sit on you face ? " " it 's embarrassing for you to be see with she . " finally he could not take it anymore and decide to dump she . she flip and he go on the defensive . I distinctly remember he say the same thing over and over again . " I be completely fuck up . " " I be completely fuck up . " " I be completely fuck up . " ( beat ) poor fatty never have a chance . 82 ext . o'shea apartment build - day 82 the cab pull up to the curb . sebastian get out and head into the building . Kathryn lean out the window . kathryn do not be weak . the cab drive off . 83 int . o'shea apartment build - hallway - day 83 sebastian ring the doorbell . a woman ( mrs . o'shea ) answer the door . sebastian hi. be annette at home ? mrs . o'shea you must be sebastian . I have hear such nice thing about you . he smile . mrs. o'shea ( cont would ) ( call out ) annette. ( to sebastian ) come on in . 84 int . o'shea apartment - foyer - day 84 sebastian close the door behind he . annette enter the room . annette hi . sebastian hi. mrs . o'shea well , I be go to head back to the kitchen . you two have fun . Mrs. o' Shea mouth " he 's cute " to annette . annette smile and nod . Mrs. o' Shea leave the room . annette would you like a tour ? sebastian sure . she take he hand and lead he down the hall . 85 int . o'shea apartment - annette' guest room - day 85 they enter a guest room . annette and this be my room . she close the door behind they . she smile and kiss he . annette ( cont would ) you think we can be quiet ? she embrace he . sebastian remain lifeless . sebastian this be not work out for I anymore . annette ( smile ) yeah , I neither . she look he in the eye and can tell he 's not joke . annette ( cont would ) what 's wrong ? sebastian it 's not you , it 's I . I be completely fuck up . annette what be you say ? sebastian why be not you understanding ? annette I love you . sebastian I know . I wish I feel the same . unfortunately , I feel nothing . I think it be just the conquest . sorry , I be completely fuck up . annette burst into tear . annette why be you try to hurt I ? sebastian I be just be honest . I just want to see what you be like in bed . she attack he but he grab she hand and fend she off . he push she against the wall and cover she mouth with he hand . sebastian ( cont would ) shh ! shh ! I do not think Mrs. o' Shea would appreciate you act like a total psychopath . she slink to the ground and continue to sob . annette you do not know how to love . sebastian you do not even know I . the fact of the matter be there be some one I love . she 's smarter , prettier ... you do not even compare to she . the only reason I be here be because she want we to be exclusive . annette but you know this be important to I . sebastian what , you virginity ? well that 's over now . annette clutches she stomach and continue to sob . he move towards she . annette please go . he open the door . sebastian sorry . I be completely fuck up . he leave and close the door behind he . annette continue to sob . 86 ext . valmont townhouse - day 86 a cab driver carry several shopping bag out of a cab . 87 int . valmont townhouse - hallway - day 87 Kathryn walk down the hallway and enter she room . 88 int . valmont townhouse - kathryn' bedroom - day 88 the room be dark . Kathryn flip on the light . kathryn Jesus . sebastian be sit in a chair , wear he shade , journal in hand . kathryn a little melodramatic , do not you think . sebastian I have a flair for drama . kathryn mind if I ask what you be do in my room ? sebastian you want a answer to you question . kathryn annette ? he take off he glass . we can tell he have be cry . sebastian devastate beyond repair . I doubt she will ever trust a man again . kathryn well do . he hold up a bottle of champagne . sebastian I think we should celebrate . kathryn I would love to , but unfortunately I be expect some company . sebastian Ronald ? kathryn not that it 's any of you business but yes . sebastian hold up a letter . sebastian from Ronald . Kathryn take the letter . sebastian ( cont would ) I have not have a chance to read it , but I be sure it go something like " yahdah yahdah yahdah you mean a lot to I . yahdah yahdah yahdah I hope we can be friend . etcetera , etcetera , etcetera . " you see , I expect you sort of bullshit so I take the liberty of phone Ronald and cecile . right now they be have a little get together in my love shack at the Grand Central Hyatt . I be so sorry he choose cecile over you , but I promise he I would see you through you crisis . kathryn well do . sebastian thank you . now , where be we ? pop go the champagne cork . sebastian ( cont would ) oh yeah , the celebration . he reach down and pick up two glass . he fill they and hand one to Kathryn . sebastian ( cont would ) what shall we toast to ? kathryn to my triumph , of course . sebastian not my choice of toast , but it 's you call . to you triumph over annette . Kathryn giggle . sebastian ( cont would ) what 's so funny ? kathryn silly rabbit . my triumph be not over she . it 's over you . sebastian come again ? kathryn you be very much in love with she and you be still in love with she . but it amused I to make you ashamed of it . you give up on the first person you ever love because I call you name . do not get I wrong , I be flatter that you choose I over she , but please understand , I never love you , sebastian . you be just a toy . a little toy I play with . and now you have completely blow it with she . I think that 's the saddest thing I have ever hear . ( smile ) cheer . she click he glass and drink . sebastian do not drink . he look ill . sebastian in any event , you still owe I my reward . kathryn I be sorry , but unfortunately I do not fuck loser . sebastian slap she across the face . kathryn ( cont would ) you motherfucker ! she grab he and start throw wild punch . they fall to the ground . kathryn ( cont would ) nobody hit I . sebastian calm down . he roll on top of she and pin she to the ground . kathryn get off I ! sebastian will you calm down ? kathryn Fine ! get off I ! he stand and give she a hand up . they both catch they breath . sebastian I be very sorry about that . I apologize . kathryn I accept . now get out . sebastian get out ? we have a arrangement . kathryn do not you hear what I say ? sebastian I do not care what you say , we have a agreement . you have sleep with half of the borough so do not tell I you be be choosy . kathryn ( scream ) get out ! sebastian I be give you to the count of three to plop you ass down on the bed . kathryn and if I do not ? sebastian then I will consider it a declaration of war . one. two ... three . kathryn I think you have you answer . sebastian War it be . he grab he journal , leave and slam the door behind he . 89 int . valmont townhouse - sebastian' bedroom - day 89 sebastian pace while talk on the phone . sebastian it 's desperate that I talk to she . mrs . o'shea ( o.s. ) I have already tell you , she 's not home . sebastian well please leave a message that I call . mrs . o'shea ( o.s. ) I will do that . he hang up the phone and throws it into a mirror , which smashes . sebastian shit . he collapse on he bed and bury he face in he hand . exhausted he look up and see he journal lie on the floor . he pick it up and flip through it . 90 ext . o'shea apartment build - night 90 sebastian walk down the street carry a small package . he enter a apartment building . 91 int . o'shea apartment build - hallway - night 91 sebastian ring the doorbell . Mrs. o' Shea answer the door . mrs . o'shea what do you want ? sebastian I need to talk to annette . mrs . o'shea she 's not here . sebastian do you know where she be ? mrs . o'shea she 's out . sebastian do you know when she will be back ? mrs . o'shea later . listen , we be entertaining some guest so - sebastian annette ! annette ! mrs . o'shea Young man , I already tell you she 's not here . sebastian Fine . could you please see that she get this . he hand she the package . mrs . o'shea I will do that . sebastian it 's really important . mrs . o'shea I understand . good night . she close the door . 92 int . o'shea apartment - foyer - night 92 Mrs o' Shea turn away from the door towards annette , who stand in the hallway . 93 int . valmont townhouse - kathryn' bedroom - night 93 Kathryn sit in a chair do she nail . she check she watch , take a moment and make herself upset . she pick up the phone and dial . intercut with : 94 int . ronald bedroom - night 94 Ronald be sleep . the phone ring . he awaken and answer it . ronald hello . kathryn ( voice crack ) Ronald ? ronald yeah ? kathryn it 's Kathryn . Ronald sit up , nervous . ronald hi Kathryn . be everything okay ? kathryn no . she cry . ronald what 's wrong ? kathryn it 's sebastian . he 's out of he mind . ronald what do you mean ? kathryn I think he 's high on drug . he hit I , then take off . I be afraid to be alone . please come over . ronald I will be right there . he hang up the phone and grab he pants back to : 95 int . valmont townhouse - kathryn' bedroom - day 95 Kathryn hang up the phone . she instantly become calm and return to do she nail . 96 int . o'shea apartment - annette' guest room - night 96 annette sit and stare at sebastian 's package . she pick it up and open it . she take out a journal and a letter . she open the letter and read it . sebastian ( v.o. ) dear annette . thank you for read this letter . I do not know what I can possibly say to rectify the harm I have cause you . for once in my life I be at a loss for word . 97 int . valmont townhouse - sebastian' bedroom - night 97 sebastian sit at he desk , write the letter . sebastian ( v.o. ) the truth of the matter be that be with you be the only time I have ever be happy . my whole life have be a joke . I pride myself on take joy in other ' misery . 98 int . manhattan STREET - night ( montage ) 98 sebastian walk the street of New York . he seem sad and lonely . sebastian ( v.o. ) well , it finally backfire . I succeed in hurt the first person I love . I wish more than anything I could take it back , but I guess that 's not possible . 99 int . o'shea apartment - annette' guest room - night 99 annette continue to read the letter . sebastian ( v.o. ) enclose be my most prize possession ... my journal . for a long time I consider it my trophy . a sordid collection of my conquest . if you really want to know the truth , then please read it . no more lie . 100 ext . o'shea apartment build - night 100 we pan down the side of the building to the ground . sebastian lie against the building wait for annette to return . sebastian ( v.o. ) a car be pick I up tomorrow and take I to martha 's vineyard , where we have a summer home . nothing would make I happier than if you join I . I be a fuck wreck without you . if you be interested please meet I outside my building at nine . if not , I understand . Love , sebastian . 101 int . valmont townhouse - live room - night 101 Ronald sit and listen as a grieve Kathryn tell she story . kathryn and when I confront he about he affair with cecile he tell I it be none of my business . then when I say " well what about Ronald , " he say you be nothing more than a stupid ... the n word and that you deserve what you get ... ronald and this happen before you and I hook up ? kathryn it 's be go on for a while . ( beat ) then he call I a disgrace to we family and that 's when he hit I . ronald racist piece of shit . kathryn I would be careful if I be you . God know what he 's up to . ronald he do not scare I . I will kick he ass in . kathryn will you stay here for the night ? you can leave in the morning . that 's when my parent get back and -- ronald do not worry about it . I will stay . Kathryn hug he . kathryn thanks Ronald . you be a good friend . 102 ext . o'shea apartment build - day 102 a STREET cleaning machine drive past the apartment 103 int . o'shea apartment build - lobby - day 103 sebastian lie sleep on a sofa in the lobby . the night doorman tap he awake . sebastian what time be it ? night doorman eight o'clock . you get to go . sebastian do she show up ? night doorman nope . sebastian do you mind if I check upstairs ? night doorman I can not have you do that , nor can I have you hang around the lobby all day . sebastian I understand . thanks for let I crash here . night doorman do not worry about it . sebastian stand and stagger out of the building . 104 ext . valmont townhouse - day 104 Ronald walk out of the building and head toward the corner . he stop when he sees - sebastian crossing the street . ronald ( under he breath ) Son of a bitch . sebastian walk toward Ronald , who block he path . ronald ( cont would ) sebastian ! sebastian look up at Ronald . sebastian ( tired ) hey Ronald . ronald it seem that you and I have some talk to do . sebastian can we do it later . I have have a really bad night and - Ronald shove sebastian . sebastian ( cont would ) what 's you problem ? ronald where the hell do you come off hit woman ? sebastian what be you talk about ? ronald Kathryn . do you hit she ? sebastian Kathryn ? oh Christ , she get to you too ? ronald do you hit she ? sebastian Ronald , you do not know what you be talk about . ronald do not know what I be talk about ? I know that you fuck cecile . sebastian say nothing . ronald ( cont would ) it 's true , be not it ? sebastian Ronald , I be sorry . ronald you bastard ! Ronald tackle sebastian to the ground . Ronald land on top of he and hit in the mouth . ronald ( cont would ) I trust you ! Ronald hit he again . blood pour out of sebastian 's mouth . sebastian be daze . Ronald grab he by the collar . ronald ( cont would ) I trust you ! sebastian take a moment to catch he breath . sebastian fuck you . he knee Ronald in the groin . Ronald scream in pain and fall over . sebastian climb to he foot . sebastian ( cont would ) why do not you give I a chance to explain . sebastian kick he in the ass . Ronald fall over . sebastian ( cont would ) do not you get it ? we be all part of she game . sebastian pin he to the ground . Ronald struggle . sebastian ( cont would ) I be gonna let you up , but you have to give I a chance to explain . understood ? Ronald nod . sebastian release he and Ronald catch he breath . sebastian look up and sees - annette , stand across the street , witness the event . sebastian ( cont would ) annette ! sebastian stand and race over to she , blindly crossing the street . annette notice a speed cab and - annette ( point ) sebastian ! sebastian look up just as -- wham ! the taxi hit he dead on , send he fly over the car and onto the street . annette scream . the cab skid to a stop . annette run into the street and over to sebastian , who lie in shock , he see she and grab she hand . she start to cry . sebastian I be okay . I be okay . Ronald and the cab driver run over to they . annette get a ambulance ! the cab driver race back to he car . sebastian look up at annette . annette ( cont would ) we be get you to a hospital . sebastian nod . sebastian Holy shit . annette ( cont would ) you be gonna be fine . sebastian nod . sebastian I be sorry . annette ( cont would ) it 's alright . sebastian I be okay . everything 's good . dissolve to : 105 int . valmont townhouse - live room - day 105 blaine , twenty high -school girl and several friend of the family be dress in black , make polite conversation and consol sebastian 's parent and he aunt helen . Mrs. caldwell stand in the corner with cecile and she husband , mr. caldwell . mrs . caldwell sad , sad , sad . to think of the opportunity that boy have . this should be a lesson to we all that we child need constant supervision . she put she arm around cecile . mrs . caldwell ( cont 'd ) it 's all about quality time . 106 int . valmont townhouse - sebastian' bedroom - day 106 annette enter sebastian 's room , now clean up . she walk around the room , take it in , then approach the window . she stare out of it for a moment . kathryn ( o.s. ) he love that view . annette turn and see Kathryn at the door . she enter the room . annette I can see why . Kathryn extend she hand . kathryn I be Kathryn . annette annette Harrison . they shake . kathryn have we meet ? annette I do not think so . kathryn do you know sebastian well ? annette you might say that . kathryn now I remember . annette Harrison . you father 's the new headmaster at oakwood . annette that 's right . kathryn I be sure you be go to love it there . annette nod . kathryn be you okay ? annette I will be fine . kathryn ( beat ) well , I will leave you alone now . I just come in here to get something of mine . Kathryn walk over to sebastian 's desk and take the key to he porsche . she go to leave , when she turn back to annette . kathryn ( cont would ) you sure you be go to be alright ? I be here if you need a friend . annette thank you . kathryn look , I know this sound corny , but whenever I feel like I can not go on I ... ( take out she crucifix ) turn to Jesus and he help I through the problem . call I a anachronism , but - annette oh cut the shit , Kathryn . kathryn Excuse I ? annette you hear I . kathryn who the hell do you think you be come into my house and say that thing to I . my brother be dead , have some respect . annette Kathryn , I know all about you and sebastian . kathryn sebastian be a pathological liar . I would not believe a word he - annette I have he journal . kathryn you what ? annette his journal . he send it to I the day before he die . everything about you be in it . the blow job , the hand job , the menage , you bout with bulimia , the affair you have with you guidance counselor and how he give you ... eww . let 's see , then there 's you coke problem ... you still keep it in you crucifix , do not you ? it 's all in there . kathryn you do not show it to anybody ? annette actually , I be plan on run down to kinkos . do you think you could give I ride ? kathryn you can not do this to I . it could ruin I . annette ( smile ) I know . Kathryn start to cry . annette ( cont would ) Kathryn , please . crying ? do not you once say that cry be a sign of weakness ? I be very disappointed in you . Kathryn continue to sob . annette ( cont would ) alright , stop cry . there 's a bright side to this you know . annette put a comforting arm around she . annette ( cont would ) you be go to be my pet project next year . you be go to do what I tell you to do , wear what I tell you to wear . you be go to befriend the unpopular , sleep with the insecure . think of the social ramification it will cause . you and I be go to turn this school around . and do you know why you be go to do it ? ( beat ) Cause you ass be mine . annette grab Kathryn by the face , kiss she forcefully on the mouth , then shove she back . Kathryn look at she in horror . annette ( cont would ) we will be in touch . she wink at Kathryn then leave . close on : Kathryn . she sit down on sebastian 's bed , utterly defeat . annette ( cont would ) forget something . annette step back into frame and take the car key out of Kathryn 's hand . 107 int . porsche - day 107 annette race down the highway . she open up the glove compartment and rifle through some cassettes . she take out the carpenter 's greatest Hit and insert it . cue up : the carpenter 's sing " Goodbye to Love . " annette reach down and take out sebastian 's sunglass . she put they on and check herself out in the rear-view mirror . a grin cross she face . 108 ext . westside highway - aerial Pov . - day 108 we move off the porsche and ascend into the air . the porsche weave through traffic as it disappear into a sea of car . we see the Manhattan skyline in the background as we - fade out . the end