January 24 , 1993 crusade screenplay by walon Green revision by Gary Goldman fade in ext . a medieval abbey - moonlit night on a hilltop , dominate the surround land , a large abbey stand fortress - like against a moonlit sky . a title appear : FRANCE 1095 the silhouette of a horseman suddenly appear and pause in the foreground . the man 's strong feature be etched by moonlight . his name be hagen and a peasant 's cloak hide he large muscular build . as the sing of vesper drift on the wind from the abbey , hagen 's face spread in a toothy grin . touch heel to he mare 's flank , he gallop towards the abbey . int , the abbey' sanctuary ~ night beneath gothic arch a monk 's choir shift from the melodic vesper to a strange chant similar to the '' carmina burana '' and a procession appear . the procession be lead by youthful acolyte , swinging golden censer that fill the air with the heavy incense . six castrati sopranos follow they , lead the way for a portly abbot in a bishop 's miter and vestment of crimson and gold . he be surround by adolescent novice , who bear candy and tend he train . a choir of monk , follow , lead by a aged monk who hold a tall staff surmounted by a large gold cross . the cross appear to float above the procession through swirl cloud of incense smoke against a flame background of countless candle that suggest the devastate landscape of a holocaust . the MAIN title appear : crusade title continue over : ext . the abbey wall - night hagen ride a path at the base of the wall , peer up at the unscalable height . occasionally he sniff the air as if follow a scent . detect something , he brighten at the sight of -- a huge pile of bone and rotting entrail which lie below a open high above in the abbey wall . hagen look up reacting to a sound . from a open high above in the wall , a cartload of bone and viscera be dumped by two peasant . hagen calm he horse and ease she into the shadow . when the peasant disappear , he slip off and remove a three - pronge hook and a length of rope from a saddle bag . hagen ( to he horse ) be good and I will bring you carrot . the mare nicker and nod '' yes '' as hagen move under the open . swing the hook , he heave it up . the hook catch on the timber of the open wall . hagen test the line , then pull himself up hand over hand . int . the abbot' chamber - night in a high -dome room , hang with elaborate brocade , a lutist and pan-piper player render a romantic fantasia while face the wall . at a curtain bed the abbot raise he arm to allow a teenage blond acolyte to remove he outer vestment . in lace undergarment he settles on the bed . extend a pale hand , the abbot stroke the head of a dark haire acolyte who remove he slipper . the blond youth suddenly grab the abbot 's hand and kiss it . abbot ( smile ) oh , be we jealous ? phe abbot hug they close , relishing the feel of they young ody . abbot I promise , each will have a gift . the dark haire youth turn away and begin a seductive belly dance , clap he hand , and slapping the bare sole of he foot on the stone floor in time with the music . the abbot giggle with delight . ext . / int . the abbey slaughter house - night hagen grab a filthy beam , and pull himself through the open in the abbey wall into the slaughterhouse . move past hang carcass and tub of entrail , he enter a huge pantry and sneak past two peasant , stuff sausage in the gloom of a curing room . ext . the abbey courtyard - night under the eave of a huge inner courtyard , hagen duck into the shadow as a abbey guard emerge from a doorway to relieve himself with a piss and a long sustained fart . hagen sneak past a mess room door where other guard are drink . there be laughter as one squirt wine from a wine skin into the face of a rag prostitute . pause at a doorway of a main building , hagen make a mental note of he position , then enter and descend a flight of stair . int . the abbot 's chamber - night wearing a silken shift , the abbot carefully paint the lip of the blond acolyte while the other , already rouge , look on with a pout . when finish , the abbot draw back for a taste of wine and a appraisal of he work . abbot but the princess need jewel . both acolyte smile . abbot yes , that suit you . do not it , my little slut . the abbot chuck they cheek and cross to the door . int . abbey hallway - night a novice monk , sleep on straw outside the abbot ' 's door , scramble to he foot as the abbot appear . abbot summon monfleurry . tell he I need something from the vault . the novice hurry away down the hall . int . the vault stairway -. night hagen , carry a small torch , descend a stairway to a heavily bolt door . he remove . a pry-bar from he belt , insert it in the lock , and push until the lock tear from the wood . hagen peer inside . int . hallway and treasure room ~ night at the far end of a hallway , hagen 's torch illuminate the Abbey 's wealth , store behind the bar of a treasure room hagen step to the bar door , insert he pry-bar and heave . the door be unlock . hagen , drive by he own force , hurtle through and crash amidst the treasure . laying atop pile of silver and gold , jewell chalice and icon , he glance around . snatch a gold crucifix , he kiss it irreverently , and laughingly stuff it into he bag . title end : ext , the abbey courtyard - night monfleurry , sixty , the abbot 's officious secretary , cross the abbey courtyard accompany by a abbey guard . he remove a huge ring of key as they enter the door lead to the vault stairway . int . the vault - night hagen slam a ornate box against the wall . it shatter , spew silver coin into he leather bag . int . vault stairway - night descend the stair , monfleurry and the guard reach the doorway . - find the bolt tear off , they exchange a look . the guard put he finger to he lip , ease the door open , and they peer down the hallway . Pov - monfleurry and guard hagen hoist the treasure - fill bag onto he back . he react as -- monfleurry , watching from the door , mutter , '' mon dieu . '' the guard yank he . back and slam the door , trapping hagen in the vault . both man lean against the door while the guard fumble to latch the break bolt . hagen charge the door and ram it with he shoulder . the door fly OPEN , break the guard 's nose as it slam he back against the wall . monfleurry be hurl onto the floor . hagen leap over he and race up the stair . ext . the abbey courtyard - pre-dawn at a full run , hagen cross the courtyard toward the slaughter house . '' : he leap a small barrier , landing amidst a gaggle of geese . the bird erupt as - -~ monfleurry and the guard appear , monfleurry and guard oshout } thief !... a thief have rob the vault ! dog bark . more shout be hear . int . the slaughter housf - pre-dawn hagen trip , nearly fall over a sleep peasant as he run through the pantry . int . the abbot 's chamber - pre-dawn nude , the abbot stumble from he bed . his radish white flesh be cover with the rouge imprint of kiss . throw open a window , he stare down into the courtyard . ext . chaos in the courtyard below - pre-dawn sword in hand , a sergeant of the guard run bare - ass but for a cod-piece from the barrack . other guard follow in confusion as dog bark and geese fly in all direction . from the eave of the courtyard peasant laugh at monfleurry and the guard who race around , scream . sergeant of the guard loose the dog ! ext . / int . the slaughter house door ~- pre-dawn hagen grab the rope . he look down , whistle and grin as he horse step from the shadow . , hagen good girl . suddenly he remember he promise . rushing back to the store room , hagem search frantically for carrot . two peasant stare dumbly from the doorway . hagen ( shouting ) where be the carrot ? a peasant point . hagen pull carrot from a sack and stuff they in he shirt as -- a guard with a crossbow appear , push past the peasant he shout as he aim . : guard he 's here ! a bolt bury itself in a pork loin beside hagen 's face . two other guard rush hagen with pike . he yank a pig carcass from a meat hook . holding it by the hind leg he slam one guard in the face send he skid across the floor . hagen block the other 's blow with the carcass . a kick to the guard 's groin send he into a vat of entrail . ext . the abbey wall - pre-dawn in a series of shot hagen grab the rope and start to slide down . kick out from the wall , he try to line up he descent with the horse 's back . guard appear above . one aim a crossbow . hagen twist as a bolt hiss past . the second guard cut the rope with a cleaver and -- hagen drop fifteen foot onto the horse 's back . the mare lunge away as a bolt from another crossbow whistle past . ext , the abbey entrance - pre-dawn bell shatter the pre-dawn silence as hagen round the abbey wall at a gallop . the abbey' MAIN gate burst OPEN . a pack of hound follow by a squad of mount guard charge out in pursuit . ext . a mist enshrouded forest - dawn a series of shot hagen gallop through swirl of mist , swinging from side to side , ducking the low branch of tree . the dog be hot on he scent , plunging blindly through the thick undergrowth . hagen jump a fall log . as he vanish into the mist , the dog scurry under it in pursuit . at a steep ravine , hagen sense the dog be gain . he spur che mare down a embankment into a stream . hagen look in one direction then the other , strain to see through the mist . spur he horse up stream , he see -- four mount guard emerge from the mist ahead , cut he off . : ready to carve he way through they , hagen draw a huge sword . the guard rein up and none will engage hagen . they shout and yodel they position to other as the dog race up . as hagen try to drive through the dog , eight more guard appear from the mist . his horse panic , rear , and fall over backwards . hagen land hard in the stream and he sword clatter away among the rock . as he struggle to he foot the dog tear at he with a frenzy . a mount guard try to hook hagen with he pike . hagen grab the man 's leg , snatch he off he horse , . and heave he into the pack of dog . other guard dismount and encircle hagen . they prod he with they pike while the dog resume they attack . the bailiff , a large man almost a big as hagen , and a sergeant of the guard move in . when the mastiff have pull hagen down , the man beat he with cudgel . hagen try to rise , the carrot spill from he tear shirt . struck repeatedly , he fall senseless into the stream . ext . the abbey courtyard - day surrounded by he captor , hagen , with he arm tie over a yoke , be prodd through the gate of the abbey into the courtyard . the bailiff ride behind , move he with he pike . bailiff on you knee . hagen glare at the bailiff . a guard strike he leg with a cudgel drop he to he knee . the abbot appear with monfleurry . Guards place the sack and the recover loot near hagen for they inspection . bailiff all have be recover , you grace . the abbot say nothing as he walk around hagen , who stare ahead in silence . the abbot study the huge muscle of hagen 's arm , resisting the temptation to caress they . look into hagen 's face , the abbot smile with recognition . monfleurry you know this man ? the abbot continue stare at hagen . abbot summon Count emmich of bascarat . hagen turn and face the abbot . the name have bring rage to he expression . ext . a peaceful valley - day the scene could be the backdrop of a old master 's painting . through a summer haze , a small river wind past field border by slope festoon with grape vine . the landowner 's home be a large farmhouse partially in ruin that stand on a hill amid a cluster of tree . a scream , rude laughter , and the cackle of chicken and geese be hear from the distance . ext . the farmyard - day a peasant girl stumble from a thicket and run through a junk strewn farmyard . chicken and duck scatter as she flee a nude , well - muscle man whose body and shoulder - length hair be dyed burgundy red . count emmich of bascarat , wild -ey , lust - craze , like a satyr from a Greek myth , he chase the girl toward a row of huge vat where the men of he guard and a handful of peasant be stomping grape . he corner she against a stone wall and grab she . she fight he as he drag she toward the vat . his man howl with laughter as emmich tear the girl 's clothes away . her scream be beyond the mock protest of ribald play . her youth , she be no more than fifteen , be sadly apparent as she plead with he . with sudden anger he smack she , tip she into a vat , and climb in after she . in the vat the girl , slick with grape slime , lunge away from emmich . grabbing she by the hair he plunge she head under slurry and hold it there , look around as though he 's lose she . emmich where do she go ? the man now roar with laughter at emmich 's charade . holding she head under , he shield he eye with he hand and pretend to look out at the landscape . emmich vanish . more laughter , which emmich milk , then he pull she up . the girl choke and gag for air . emmich draw she close , smile into she face . emmich be willing now . I be bored of the chase . : the girl face he , resign . arouse by she break spirit , emmich push she to the side of the vat and begin take he pleasure . as he work into she ... he men watch . ivo , a pale young man with a cruel face , stifles a attack of giggle . ext . the vat - day emmich climax with a roar like a rutting elephant . shove the girl away , he raise both hand above he head and shout to he man . emmich I declare this vintage well seasoned . a rider , emmich 's cousin waldemar , large and gross feature , enter the farmyard at a gallop , and rein he horse near the vat . as he swing from the saddle emmich greet he . emmich waldemar , strip you rag and climb in . I be drunk enough to share this sowlet . emmich grab the girl and display she as waldemar approach . waldemar another time emmich . you be call to abbey . emmich call from my gentle home life , for what reason ? waldemar ( grins} you wayward serf hagen be in the abbey 's dungeon , accuse of robbing the vault . emmich 's lip trace a cold smile . emmich ... f£or which they will hang he . int . abbey hallway - day emmich 's clothes be dirty and rag . he appear shabby as he walk beside the.immaculately groom abbot . . abbot I summon you , Count emmich because there . be more to this than the simple capture and trial of a serf turn thief . emmich glance at he abbot , annoyed . emmich he abandon my service for brigandage . I '' not involved . hang he . abbot a tribunal might find this man other than a serf . they might find he a man deprive of he inheritance and therefore drive to thievery . they might , ... with due consideration , ... even find he guiltless . emmich stiffen at the abbot 's word . they pause at a large cage of dove , the abbot coo to the bird continue . abbot do you forget that I be you father 's confessor ? emmich then you know there be other bastard beside this one . abbot the other bastard he order kill ... for the other he feel no '' affection . '' but he speak of legitimize this hagen . emmich I do not need remind of my father 's weakness for this son of a peasant whore . be you say you will not hang he ? abbot there be a document , sign before you father 's death that would give hagen claim to half of you estate . it be in my possession . feed they as he emmich blanch slightly . the abbot turn from the dove at the ringing of a distant bell . abbot the call to vesper . the abbot study emmich , enjoy this moment of power . emmich be barely able to control he rage . emmich what do you want ? abbot deed to I one quarter of you estate ... and I will hang you bastard brother . emmich you dirty old , ... abbot . ( as to a errant child ) ah , ah , ah , ... careful now , Count emmich . better to give quarter than lose all . emmich face the abbot . his mouth dry with rage . emmich ( a beat ) summon you scribe . int , the abbey 's MAIN hall - day hagen be lead in with he wrist and neck chain . he react immediately to the sight of emmich , seat casually on the front bench of a pew . emmich 's smug smile contrast with hagen 's cold hatred at the sight of he half brother . the abbot stand before a row of cleric wear black robe of judgement . hagen , be force to stand in the middle of the tribunal where he be flanke by the bailiff and guard . abbot the man before this tribunal be hagen , a serf , from land own by Count emmich of bascarat . Count emmich , do you hold this man as you property ? the abbot turn to face emmich . emmich no , I resign he to you judgement . abbot ( graciously ) and we make no claim on you for he action . emmich nod a stiff acknowledgement . the abbot face hagen . abbot you be a pikesman in the guard of Count emmich . can you tell we why you renounce you duty and become a thief ? be you influence by a demon ? 12 . hagen I be influence only by Count emmich , emmich you dare incriminate I ? hagen as you pikesman I steal grain from villager and rob traveler on the road . by you order I learn theft like all you man . emmich he speak of collect tax and tithes for crossing my land , ... all within the law . hagen since there 's so much steal within the law , how do a man know what 's outside the law ? abbot robbing this house of God can not be compare with the duty of serfdom . hagen I do not compare they . ( a odd smile ) robbing this abbey be something I enjoy . abbot ( a beat , he smile too ) and judge you be something I will enjoy . hagen watch as the abbot move along the row of black robe monk . whisper be exchange and each nod a gesture of accord . the abbot turn and face hagen . with theatrically raise eyebrow , he speak as though the verdict be a surprise . abbot hagen , this tribunal have find you guilty . emmich allow himself a laugh . the abbot continue with barely conceal sarcasm . abbot but i. be ordain by a merciful god and the sentence of death may not pass my lip . duty oblige I to pray for you redemption . 13 . hagen appear momentarily confuse , think he may have be grant a reprieve . the abbot kneel before a small altar and intone in Latin . suddenly , the guard jerk hagen to he foot . he face the bailiff . bailiff hagen , I be the lay bailiff of this Abbey . I condemn you to hang for the crime of theft . as hagen be haul towards the door emmich watch with a degree of grudge satisfaction . int . the abbey' prison - day hagen sit at a cell window overlook the courtyard . his neck be chain to a ring in the wall . the raving of a unseen madman can be hear off screen . Pov hagen worker be building a scaffold . nearby , the bailiff and the sergeant of the guard look on as two serf wash hagen 's mare with a bucket of raw egg shampoo . the bailiff take the mare 's halter , obviously claim the horse for he own . hagen watch annoyed that he horse will pass to the bailiff 's hand . he whistle . Pov hagen the mare whinny , rear , and kick out at the bailiff . as the bailiff jump back , he foot land in the bucket of egg-shampoo . he stomp around and fall on he ass as the serf calm the orse . hagen laugh hagen do not worry , girl . I have not forget you carrot . he start to turn away when he hear a herald 's trumpet and hoof beat . . Pov hagen five horseman gallop into the courtyard . one be well - attire , a obvious noble . the other , member of he personal body guard , wear chain mail and helmet . 14 . hagen watch as the noble dismount at the entrance to the abbot 's quarter . after speak with some monk , who bow to he deferentially , he be lead inside . int . the abbot' office - day prince orsini , a lay delegate of the vatican , xecline ina chair , eat a snack from a gold plate as he speak in clipped directive with the abbot . monfleurry sit in the background . abbot I hear that he holiness be in clermont , but I have no idea he would honor we with a visit . orsini he will reside here in the Abbey . abbot of course . in my own apartment . orsini he will require a field be prepare , abbot a field ? . orsini a call must be put forth to gather both noble and commonfolk to a large field . there you will erect a platform from which he can address the multitude . the abbot exchange a look with monfleurry . orsini rise and walk to a window . the hammer from the gallow can be hear . abbot ( probing ) the message we Pope bring ... I assume it 's of great importance . orsini be look out the window toward the gallow . orsini yes , but I will not usurp he word with my own ... that scaffold down there must be strike immediately . abbot but we have a execution . a thief attempt to rob the Abbey . be . orsini Strike the scaffold . after he holiness leave hang anyone you want . int . the cell - dusk hagen chin himself on the bar of he cell . when he have finish a set he relax for a beat then respond to a different sound off screen . the unmistakable sound of nail be pull from wood . he cross to the window and see : Pov hagen the scaffold in be tear down . hagen dare reflect cautious pleasure at the sight . ext , the abbey landscape - day the road to the Abbey be fill with color as a papal caravan approach , lead by a mount guard of armored knight . a large ornate coach , draw by oxen and bear the papal seal , move slowly at the center , follow by cart of baggage , a hundred or more member of the Pope 's entourage , and a army of monk . as the caravan reach a large field near the abbey a tent city can be see . people of all class crowd forward to view he wagon . milkmaid stare wide -ey . noble and Knights shove rudely through the crowd to bow they head . elderly peasant woman kneel and cross themselves . a collective gasp go up as ~ - a curtain part and for a brief instant pope urban ii can be see . a bearded , authoritative look man , the Pope motion a bless then retire from sight . slack - jawed serf stare in wonder as monk and ascetic prostrate themselves in the mud beside the road . a group of flagellant pass , swatting themselves with chain at every step as they keep pace with the caravan . the papal coach rattle past emmich and a group of he peer . local nobility , they be a shabby lot . they clothes be filthy and they hair unkempt . one restrain a pair of coursing hound , another hold a hood goshawk . peasant gamekeeper stand behind they , festoon with dead pheasant , duck , rabbit , and the flay skin of deer . emmich 's atténtion be draw to a knight who ride beside the papal coach . 16 . the brilliance of he armor , the magnificence of he mount , and he regal bear , suggest he be someone of great importance . he be count godfrey of bouillon . emmich , stand among he shabby entourage , watch he pass . ext . a market area - day stall , where merchant sell religious trinket , have be hastily erect near the road . a young man , with dark Mediterranean look , observe people frantically crossing themselves as the papal coach approach . ' the man , whose name be aron BEN zvi , yawn and cross himself too . then , confident that no one watch he , he dismiss the Pope with a wave of disdain . as the coach rattles toward the abbey , aron , who we will call ari , step to he stand and begin a pitch to that linger in awe of the Pope 's pass . ari now , while '' holiness '' linger in the air , seize the chance , good people . here be the cure for every earthly pestilence , ... he lift a vial , tie in a leather thong to be hang around the neck . a few people respond with mild interest . ari .-- bless water from the River Jordan . Water in which Saint John baptize Christ we savior . a woman it cure ague ? ari all ague , all distemper , all ill , ... you doubt I ? you want proof ? there , ...a man with a abscess . you ! ari point out a peasant in the crowd with a abscess the size of a ping-pong ball on he cheek . ari come good Christian . at no cost , in the spirit of we Lord , let I dispel that fester sore . the man seem confuse , but other around he get behind it . they shove he toward the stand . peasant you can heal . I ? voice you will cure he ? ari no. not I . the water of Jordan will cure he . the abbey' bailiff and several guard wander the market . they notice the crowd around ari 's stand . ari examine the peasant 's face while the crowd press in around he . he touch the abscess and the man yelp with pain . take a vial of " Jordan " water he put a drop in he palm and symbolically wash he hand . then he place both hand on the man 's cheek . cover the large abscess , he bow he head . as ari mutter prayer the bailiff push in for a closer look . the peasant with the abscess mutter '' the pain , ... it 's go away . " ari withdraw he hand and there be a collective gasp from the crowd . the abscess be go . ari smile . ari now if you doubt you eye deny that you have see a miracle . for a pittance , for only a few dinarii , I will ... suddenly , the bailiff step forward and grab ari 's hand and pull he forward . he tear away he sleeve to the elbow and withdraw the '' abscess '' {a make up appliance} , hold it up for the crowd . bailiff a fraud ! the peasant , ari 's accomplice , bolt away through the crowd . ari try to tear he way out of he coat and escape as the bailiff and guard drag he to a large wagon where they tie he to the wheel as the crowd punch at he . bailiff now , show he what we think of mountebank . ari be tie and the bailiff step back , laugh as the mob beat ari in a blind rage . int . the abbey prison - night asleep on the floor , hagen look up at the sound . of guard enter the cell ' block . ari , have be terribly beat , be drag into the cell and manacy to the wall opposite hagen . hagen look on unconcern as ari collapse in a heap on the floor . finally , distract by ari 's moan , hagen slide a pot of water across the cell floor to ari. 18 . ari dip the tear sleeve of he shirt into the water and squeeze drop onto he swollen blood cake lip . it revive he a bit ari take and he study hagen . ari my thanks . hagen give it back . a drink and slide the water back to hagen . ari I 'ma fraud . what be you ? hagen a thief . ari a chicken ?... a goat ?... a sack of grain ? hagen I rob this abbey . ari brighten , impressed . ari ah , the abbey . any relic ? hagen do not quite comprehend . ari like a hand of Saint agnes , ...a thumb of John the Baptist , ... a tooth from any saint ? hagen gold . ari ( shrug , not too impressed ) gold . what can one say . traditional if not very original . hacen what ? ari in today 's world religious relic be the true treasure . people flock to they like fly to dung . a saint 's finger bone be worth many time its weight in gold . hagen a finger bone be a finger bone . who can prove it come from a saint ? ari smile painfully . ari believe I , it take more than just digging up corpse . the Church must accept the origin of a holy relic . hagen so you make up a story . ari ( amused ) make up a story , ... yes , but it have to be a story seasoned with fact . I have be to every major shrine in christendom . I have see the body of John the Baptist in samaria . the crypt of Saint James in Spain . the fragment of the true Cross in Jerusalem . and when I '' offer a saint 's bone the story that go with it be perfect . hagen settles back against the wall . hagen what story get you in here ? ari the curse of arrogance . I be sell water . hagen smile , amused . int . the abbot n's apartment - dine room - night close : on a polished silver map , circular in shape , inlaid with gold , show the land of Europe , North Africa and the Mediterranean . a finger , bear the papal ring , touch the large ruby indicate Jerusalem as Pope urban speak off screen . pope urban ( 0.s. ) here be Jerusalem , ... the center of the world . the bleed heart of we faith . and , surround it ... the hand sweep the area of moslem conquest . pope urban ( 0.s. ) the moslem empire , stretch from the. indian Ocean , to the Atlantic coast of Spain , ... 20 . the pope sit in the center of a table in a room hang with tapestry and sumptuous brocade . on he right be he legate , a elderly bishop name adhemar of le puy and the knight godfrey of bouillon . the abbot be on he leave . he continue speak as the silver map be pass to abbot . pope urban a vast empire of soul lose to Christ . a wealth of land conquer by virtue of a single strength ... the abbot examine the map as musician take they place in front of the table and food be bring in . there be no plate at the place setting . food be take from platter directly to the mouth with the finger or eat from trencher ( flat bread place in front of the diner ) . pope urban ( 0.s. ) for Moslems , warfare be a act of religious faith . a man who fall in battle achieve paradise . godfrey would Christian warrior be any less valiant if they fight with the same promise ? abbot no question that such a notion would have vast appeal . adhemar ( question ) still ... that God would sanction the violence of war . abbot we know God bless the surgeon who strap a man to a table and saw off a gangrenous limb , ... God sanction the infliction of pain when the cause be just . pope urban exactly . and God will sanction a war for the purpose of deliver that who languish under moslem rule to the kingdom of Christ . adhemar you reason be sound theology . I only wish that God might give we some sign . 21 . pope urban for that we must pray . ext . a field near the abbey - day ribbon and banner flap in the wind above countless tent . Knights , noble , common folk , monk , and ascetic , converge on a raise dais , hang with silk and garland with flower where a huge throne sit under a banner bear the papal seal . the papal guard and abbey guard control the mob press towards the platform . noble sit on chair in choice position guard by lackey . a monk 's choir , sing in Latin , approach the dais . ext . the abbey wall - day hagen , ari , and the madman , they neck and wrist chain to a beam , be drive £oym the dungeon onte the roof by a quartet < of guard . guard hurry !... come on get along ! as the guard settle they on the roof , the Pope 's procession can , be see in the background . a guard name valt laugh as he strike hagen 's leg with a club to lower he to he knee . valt . assume the position swine . you be go to see he holiness . a jailer monk , appear . jailer monk you be here at Pope urban 's command . even the low and villainous will receive he bless . . there be no reaction from hagen ; ari nod . ari that 's very kind of he holiness . the madman roll he eye towards heaven , hiss and growl at some apparition in the sky . ext . the field - day near the dais , emmich settles beside a pretty girl of noble birth . as he whisper in she ear , she giggle . suddenly a roar go up from the crowd . emmich rise to see -- the pope , on a sedan chair , be carry to the dais . 22 . from ' the roof ari crane to see the Pope while hagen 's eye search the possibility of escape . the guard and monk kneel as the Pope settles onto he throne . ext . the field - day the Pope bless the kneel crowd then , raise he hand , he bring they to they foot , assisted by the abbot and adhemar , he complete the bless and face the multitude which go silent . pope urban in Jerusalem , ... in whose street walk Christ , the son of God . in Jerusalem , where the altar of the Holy sepulchre be grace by a fragment of the very wood on which we savior be crucify , »» .a fragment of the true Cross ... moslem horde now disgrace we shrine . and in do so disgrace we God ! a audible moan go up from the crowd . ext . the roof - day hagen lean back , eye half close as the Pope speak . ari sit attentive , and the madman pick violently at he nose . pope urban ( v.o. ) tragic storey be tell ... of nun , chaste in they dedication to Christ , set upon in lust . they clothes tear away by vile heathen . they precious white body fondle and ravage by blackamoor ! oh , hear they sad lamentation ! ari react with a smile , know the Pope 's word be hype . the madman suddenly bay like a wolf . the jailer monk smack he with a cudgel and he whimper like a puppy . ext . the day - day Pope urban now go to the heart of he message . pope urban . the martyr from they grave , the live who be enslave call for help ... call for you to gird yourselves for war and free they . ( more ) 23 . pope urban ( cont would ) for it be better to die in battle than tolerate the abuse of you race and you holy place . they call you to take up arm as a God - send army and free Jerusalem . ext . the roof - day hagen be now listen to the Pope 's word with interest . pope urban ( v.0o . ) for that who fall there will be remission from all sin and eternal salvation . but think not of death , for God will reward you valor with victory and dominion over the land , the wealth , and the kingdom of the moslem . God willis this war ! do you hear ? God will it ! the crowd respond with a chorus of '' God will it ! '' ext . the crowd - day people be chant '' God will it , ... God will it ! '' kemmich and waldemar smirk derisively . ext . the roof - day ari break into the shout of '' God will it ! " the jailer monk spin around . a guard lift a club to silence he . ari but he word be for every man . I be ready to fight , to die , to free Jerusalem . he be smack halfheartedly with the club . jailer monk you will die . you will hang , soon as he holiness be down the road . in the distance the Pope can be see raise he hand and the chant of the crowd diminish . pope urban hear this ! God , who speak through I , will make he will know with holy sign ... miracles . hagen listen , suddenly attentive . pope urban ( v.0 . ) yes , miracle will give proof that the conquest of Jerusalem , ... ( more ) 24 , pope urban ( cont would ) the recovery of the true Cross , be truly God 's will . ( shout ) GOD will it ! the crowd respond with a roar . as it continue a plan race through hagen 's mind . ext . the crowd - day people be chant '' God will it . in the crowd , emmich touch the ass of the pretty noble girl . she turn . he smile and mouth '' God will it '' , as he reach forward and feel she bosom . ext . the day - day the Pope stand with he arm extend in a welcoming gesture . pope urban now , God call you . come , and take the cross . the Pope be escort from the dais to he sedan chair . monk and other churchman move in to deal with the mob that now surge forward . godfrey and he retinue push toward the dais as brother bernard , the sacristan of adhemar , speak to the - crowd . brother bernard that who cannot go ... pledge support to that who can . pledge you crop , you son to service and receive remission from you sin . godfrey be among that offer themselves for the crusade . emmich watch for a beat , then start forward . waldemar grab he arm . waldemar emmich , you believe in this ? emmich cousin , aren not you bored with burn the village of this backwater : for sack of grain ? see that knight ? he point toward godfrey . 25 . emmich Strip away that gold breastplate and there 's a little man not half my worth or weight . if he can conquer kingdom , why can not I ? he push toward the dais . waldemar follow . before the day push shabbier knight aside , emmich and waldemar listen as godfrey speak from the dais above they . adhemar be behind he . godfrey I be Count godfrey of bouillon . I have pledge all my earthly possession to support this great venture . now , pledge yourselves to I and to victory . emmich call out for the crowd . emmich be you to lead we then , Count godfrey ? godfrey I will command in the field . but we be rule by God 's will through Pope urban and he legate , Bishop adhemar of Le puy . adhemar smile and raise he hand in a bless . waldemar speak to emmich waldemar a pious knight and a skirt crone ... I see disaster . emmich and opportunity . Knights around they kneel . emmich drop to he knee and waldemar follow as adhemar lead in a Latin prayer . int . the dungeon - dusk the guard and the jailer monk shove ari and hagen into they cell , ' the madman shout in a incomprehensible tongue from across the hall . int . hagen and ari be cell ~ dusk hagen 's neck chain be lock to a iron ring on the wall while ari be chain to the opposite wall . 26 . when the guard leave hagen yank he chain to see if it come loose . ari settle onto the floor , mutter to himself . ari as long as the Pope stay they will not hang we . ( brighten ) maybe he all trip on he hem and break a leg . hagen examine the metal ring to which he neck chain be attach then note a lamp in the hall outside the cell door on ari 's side . ; hagen ari , the lamp in the hallway , ... can you reach it ? ari glance at the lamp then at hagen . ari you have a plan ? a escape ? hagen get I that lamp . ari move quickly to the bar . he reach he hand through and stretch toward the lamp . hagen strip away he tear shirt . he be bare from the waist up . angle ari 's finger touch the base of a oil lamp set in a rusty sconce . his face push against the bar and he grasp it . hagen smile hagen give it to I . ari whatever you be do , I want to be part of it . hagen you will be part of it . ari slide the lamp across the floor . hagen grab it and hold it under the ring to which he chain be attach . ari groan . ari that will not work . you can not melt iron with a lamp . 27 , hagen say nothing and continue heating the ring . ari sigh and the madman . across the dungeon hall begin bay again . ari-turn to he . ari you , ... please , can you turn I into a werewolf . i’11 do anything to get out of here . the madman tdook at he , smile oddly through guttural growl , he nod '' ves , '' the ring glow red hagen set down the lamp and turn . from a kneel position he line up the glow ring with a spot between he shoulder and press he back against it . a hiss and smoke curl up from he burn flesh . steeling himself against the pain , hagen rise , slowly burn a strip of flesh along the length of he spine . ari turn from the madman and watch he aghast . ari ( mutter to himself ) oi , no , he 's a meschug . hagen turn . a raw burn run the length of he back . he put the lamp to the ring , heating it again . ari watch , muster a benign look that he hope will not upset hagen . the madman hoot with apparent ecstasy as he peer from he cell . the ring glow . hagen press the ring to he right shoulder blade and draw it horizontally across he back . sweat break on he forehead and he breath quicken with pain . when it be do , he quickly burn the palm of he hand on the still glow ring then toss the lamp to ari . . hagen put it back . ari dutifully take the lamp and replace it . 28 . hagen settle , keep he burn back from touch the wall . ari face he still uncertain of he sanity . when hagen recover he normal breathe he speak . hagen tell I everything you remember about see the true Cross . ext . the abbey courtyard - morning . through shaft of sunlight dust rise from a milling crowd , seek to pledge for the crusade . peasant mainly , who will make up the rank and file of the army . 1st peasant along the rhine there have be holy sign , a rain of frog ... . 2 nd peasant in thiel , it 's say a goose speak the Latin mass . fat peasant ( laugh ) . and my cow farted the liturgy . they laugh . v valt , the abbey guard who stand by the kitchen door , laugh too . from the kitchen the jailer monk , follow by a novice exit , carry bread and water , the monk nod to valt who accompany they to the prison entrance . int . the prison - morning valt lead the jailer monk and the novice to the cell that hold hagen and ari . both man be asleep on the floor . hagen , with he back to the wall , look up sleepily as the novice enter and dump loaf onto the floor . indicating hagen 's water jug , in a corner of the cell , the jailer monk speak , . jailer monk give he you jug . hagen reach for he jug . for a instant , the light from the window illuminate a large cross brand across he back . the novice gasp and drop the water bucket . valt and the jailer monk be dumbstruck . 29 . hagen appear confuse as the novice cross himself . jailer monk turn around hagen what ? jailer monk I say turn around . hagen turn , ari ahh 's theatrically and cross himself . the novice begin praying in Latin . alt whisper . valt oh , God , a holy sign , ... the jailer monk glare at hagen 's back , not dare to believe he eye as valt suddenly exit , shouting . '' I have see a holy sign . '' the novice drop to he knee and kiss hagen 's hand . ext , the courtyard - morning Chaos , as hagen , shirtless and still in chain , be lead from the dungeon , surround by monk and guard who hold the mass back . the sight of he bare back cause hysteria , ... shout of " the Holy sign , ... bless we !... God choose he ! '' . pezesant hand stretch to touch he . a knight drop to he knee and cross himself as hagen be shove past . int . the cell - morning . at the window ari watch , enjoy the excitement below . Pov ari a mass of people be push back as hagen be lead up the step into the same hall where he be try and condemn . int . the great hall - day still in chain , hagen turn slowly in the middle of the floor revealing he brand back . the Pope , the abbot , adhenar , he sacristan brother Bernard , godfrey and several monk lcok on . in spite of attempt restraint , it 's obvious that a certain amount of wonder pervade . _ abbot you claim you feel no pain ? holding a salt cellar , the abbot take a large piich and rub it hard into the burn . hagen display no reacticn . abbot nothing ? 30 . hagen nothing . - I tell you it come from my dream . the Pope exchange a look with the other . pope urban very well . then tell we of you dream . hagen look at the man . hagen I be a knight , pledge to serve you cause in the battle for Jerusalem . the abbot stifles a snide laugh . abbot you holiness . he 's simply tell you what he think you want to hear . the Pope raise he hand for hagen to go on . hagen i be in the courtyard of a strange church . the dome be make of wood and shape like a fool 's cap . it be on fire . adhemar ( a whisper ) the Church of the Holy sepulchre . hagen a monk call to I from the entrance . he say '' I be .. theodis or theosis ... the name be foreign , I can not remember it . but he say '' God have send you . '' abbot blasphemy ! adhemar wait . be the monk 's name theodosius ? hagen theodosius , that 's the name . the gather look in amazement toward adhemar as he speak to the pope. 32 . the Pope study hagen for a moment while a current of mutter fill the room . the abbot step to the Pope . ' abbot you holiness , this be a thief who steal religious object . pope {to hagen ) serf , be you repentant for you crime ? hagen iam . I be ready to serve God as a knight in holy battle . abbot a knight ? . . . this pikesman who desert he service ? adhemar in he dream he be a knight and the dream be a holy prophecy . pope urban {with sudden authority ) I will decide what be '' holy prophecy . '' it be only through I that God speak . I will pray for God 's decision on this man 's fate . hagen look at the Pope , muster a expression of absolute sincerity . hagen I will pray too , Holy Father . ext . / int . from the abbot ’‘s apartment a high angle - the courtyard - night by torchlight the milling crowd of the courtyard murmur with excitement . the Pope 's voice be hear 0.s. pope ( v.0 . ) in a few week the story of this '' miracle '' will spread through Europe and ignite support for we cause . the Pope turn from where he have peek from behind a curtain at the crowd below . he turn and face the abbot with whom he be alone . abbot the man 's a absolute fraud . the Pope smile , shrug . 31 . adhemar I know the monk theodosius . he be keeper of the Holy sepulchre . hear this godfrey clasp he hand . the apparent truth of hagen 's story be have a effect . hagen he lead I inside and through the flame I see a shine silver cross . adhemar the receptacle of the true Cross ... and what be on the wall above the cross ? hagen a man hold he son to a rock with a knife in he hand . in the sky above he there be a blind light . adhemar smile overcome by emotion . adhemar the mosaic of abraham and Isaac as I have see it . angle the doorway monk eave - drop at the doorway pass the word . some cross themselves and whisper prayer . angle hagen hagen I push into the flame and grab the silver cross , see my hand ... he show he burn palm . hagen I lift it onto my back but when the hot metal touch my skin it feel cold like ice . I could see nothing through the smoke and flame but I be lead by a voice inside my head . I carry the cross to safety . for a beat the man be silent , then adhemar speak to the pope. adhemar ( with emotion ) the sign we have pray for . pope perhaps , but a useful fraud . the abbot do not agree . abbot : he 's condemn . he should hang . pope ( laugh ) my dear Bishop , you can not hang a live , breathe , miracle . the abbot have no response . pope urban godfrey would gladly take he under he command . but I prefer this '' hagen of the miraculous cross '' serve a more secular noble . abbot someone who would not fall prey to he deceit . someone who would control he . pope urban precisely . abbot I know the man he should serve . int . the abbey church - day emmich stand on the altar of the church hold a long sleeve length gauntlet . slowly he drop small pebble into it from a golden urn hold by two altar boy . behind he , waldemar stand with ivo , captain of emmich 's guard . all be dress in they armor . ' the Pope be seat to one side . adhemar , godfrey , brother Bernard and several acolyte be in the background . emmich shake the gauntlet which be almost fill , add a few more stone , and grip it by the leather cuff . the door of the abbey church be open by acolyte and hagen appear wear a simple white tunic with the abbot walk beside he . see emmich , hagen react . the abbot smile . abbot be not this what you ask for ? hagen steel himself and continue toward the altar . — 34 . hagen 's eye lock on emmich 's as he approach . the Pope speak from he throne . pope urban I be granting you wish , hagen . you will serve we holy crusade under the command of Count emmich of bascarat . kneel before I . with a glance at emmich , hagen kneel . pope urban I declare you pardon and I bless you in nomine patri , filio , et spiritu sancti . emmich gently slam the weight gauntlet into the palm of he free hand . a thin smile play on he lip as he cross to hagen . emmich study hagen for a few second , then draw the gauntlet back and slam hagen in the face as hard as he can . emmich be you loyal ?... will you serve I ? hagen speak , force he work past the inclination to tear emmich limb from limb . ° hagen I be loyal , I will serve you . emmich then turn the other cheek . hagen slowly turn he head and emmich deliver the hardest backhand blow he can muster . the glove break , pebble fly in all direction . emmich be you loyal ? will you serve I ? hagen : I be loyal ... and I will serve you . the last stone be shake from the gauntlet and it be laid on hagen 's head . emmich I dub you hagen , ' knight of bascarat . rise. 35 . hagen stand and a choir begin . emmich embrace he . as he give a gentle , almost feminine , kiss to hagen 's bloody cheek , hagen jerk he head back which amuse emmich . godfrey step forward . godfrey I will purchase this man 's armor and horse . hagen I thank you , Count godfrey . but in my dream I ride my own horse which be take by the bailiff of this abbey . the abbot glare at he . adhemar see that he horse be return . hagen graciously nod to adhemar . hagen and in my dream my squire be a man call ari , who share my cell . abbot a fraud . a mountebank . adhemar {to the abbot ) another sinner that God have call to repentance . see that he 's release . hagen bow he head in gratitude . int . ari 's cell - night ari react to the sound of a door open and the approach of footstep . he rise to see -- hagen appear at the door to the cell with valt and another guard . they open the door and cross to ari . without a word they unlock he chain . ari react , not dare to believe . as the guard leave , he speak to hagen . ari ( a whisper ) it work ? hagen nod . 36 . hagen you be my squire . ari leap at hagen and hug he try to kiss he on the mouth . hagen turn he face and ari kiss he neck as hagen disengage . hagen hey ! squire do not kiss they knight . ari you Northern european be so cold . this be a moment of great eruptive passion . as they leave the cell ari continue ... ari I will be a squire as there have never be a squire . I will be @ squire as such that the troubadour will sing . as they exit the prison hallway the madman push he head through the bar and give a long mournful howl . hagen glance at he then shout to the guard . hagen release he too . guard by who 's order ? hagen God will it ! the guard exchange a look and a shrug and release the madman . ext . the courtyard - nicht hagen cross the courtyard , carry a large basket and trail by the madman , who follow he like a grateful dog . the bailiff give hagen a dirty look but the reaction of ether , both monk and peasant , make it clear that hagen be a live legend . valt , the crossbowman , other man from the Abbey guard , and several peasant , fall in behind he . valt hagen of the cross ... take I with you to serve you . other quickly surround hagen with similar plea . '' take we to serve you ! '' hagen do not be fool . stay with you wife and family . valt step up to hagen and appeal as spokesman for the other . valt for we there be no hope in this land , take we . hagen look they over . hagen I have nothing . if you follow I you must bring you own food , you clothes , you weapon ... he turn and continue walk . they follow . whether ’he want it or not , hagen have gather a entourage . hagen' horse , tie near the stable , whinny at he approach . hagen pull carrot from the basket and give they to the horse . see the bailiff he laugh aloud . the bailiff turn away and hagen 's follow jeer he as he move away . ext , the departure - day the valley , dominate by the abbey , be fill with humanity . while people mill around embrace love one , accept last minute offer of food and gift , a weird chant be hear off - screen , a procession ied by the madman , now hang with chain and cross , march through the gather at the head of a sizeable follow ; a host of peasant , armed with club , scythes , pick and pitch fork , some follow by rag wife and child . as the madman pass he mutter aloud amidst hoot and animal noise a nonsensical stream of consciousness . . madman god voice ! angel speak ! shebelshabeh , wa shenibahem . ( he bay like a wolf ) faith will conquer the heathen . hallelujah ! ya menishnah of rahemi ! the madman bolt ahead in wild dance step . growl , roaring , at the rank of crusader . flagellant fall to they knee , flail themselves with enhance frenzy at he pass . 38 . hagen gaze with bemuse disgust . ext . near the head of the crusade - day the lead knight stand beside they horse and each hold a flag with the emblem of he family domain . godfrey walk in front of they hold a large white banner with a crimson cross ... the symbol of the crusade . as he come to cach knight , the man state he name and title . baldwin of chartre be a refine nobleman like godfrey . a knight baldwin of chartres , Duke of fontainebleu and nephew of the king ... I accept you command . baldwin lower he own flag . godfrey take it and crumple it in he hand against the flag of the crusade before move on to the next . godfrey step to emmich who look a bit shabbier than the other . emmich emmich of bascarat ... ( emmich be stick . he have nothing more to add ) I accept you command . emmich lower he flag and godfrey mesh it with the crusade flag . ext . the head of the crusade ( later ) godfrey , with a color guard of vassal , ride before the rank as the knight assemble . godfrey by my order , pillage or violence against any through whose land we pass , will be meet by death ! the army of God will not lay waste the land ! as he move on -- emmich , in scruffy armor , move among he knight who be wait to take the road . they be a shabby look - lot who appear seasoned for battle through brigandage . 39 , emmich I would have each of you know , if any turn from my command ... I will pluck he navel ... emmich be now in front of hagen af ) stare directly at he . with < emmich .-- loop he gut to the pommel of my saddle and drag he to the Holy land by he innard . know this be my punishment for betrayal . hagen '’s face betray nothing as he stare back at emmich . again the sound of trumpet and drum . godfrey , he armor shine and he silk resplendent , make he horse rear at the head of he man as if pose for a heroic statue . godfrey to Jerusalem and victory ! trumpets blare . with thunderous cheer , the beat of drum , and the chorus of countless monk , the crusade move forward . ext . the panorama of the crusade - day the scene be in a word --- splendid . color , and image from a historical dreamtime combine like a old master 's canvas as hundred of mount knight lead a flow river of humanity toward the distant horizon . in a series of shot cartload of food and supplies and horde of rag foot soldier trudge behind the knight . families walk with the man ; mother , bid goodbye to they son and wife to they husband . legion of monk walk beside a canopy cart that carry adhemar and he entourage of clergy . he offer bless in all direction . among the troops , oxcart pass from which harlot in gaudy clothing display themselves . they face be grotesquely rouge , some wear bizarre shape mask that cover they eye , they wave to the surround foot soldier who whistle and return lewd gesture . hagen and ari ride among the hundred of knight . the camera lower to a foreground of move foot and rise dust which gradually obliterate the scene . dissolve through ext . a junction - day where the road pass a junction , a army of similar make - up feed into the column ; people from another region , join the swell rank of crusader . ari speak quietly to hagen as they watch the new arrival . they ride caution , ari look at they . this madness have spread like plague . by the time we reach bari to sail east , it be say we will be fifty thousand strong . hagen less one . I leave tonight for the land of the slavs . ari why ? hagen to live from what I steal . ari what 's to steal from the slavs ? moldy bread ? putrid sausage from stinking villager ? hagen I do not rob villager . ari what then ? the noble live in mud hut . you will hang for steal cow plop . hagen I will not serve emmich . for a beat and ari speak again with a sense of _ _ ari then be the rumor true , ... that you be , ... related ? hagen turn and face ari . his face be flushed with hate . 41 , ari only a fool allow the trouble of he past to ruin the joy of he future . stay with this crusade . Rob yourself rich , and be bless rather than hang for it . hagen say nothing . ari remove a purse from he waist . ari we have already make some denarii . half be yours . he toss it to hagen , hagen where do you get this ? ari ( smile ) I sell the garment of '' hagen , of the miraculous cross . '' hagen my old clothes ? ari ( laugh ) ... and some odd and end I snatch from a clothes line . both man laugh . ari trust I blindly . with we be on the road to rich . ext . the crusade - dusk alongside a length of road that stretch through roll farm land , the army have begin set up a camp for the night . fire burn , and pot boil with millet gruel . monk kneel in the stubble of a field and sing vesper before a makeshift altar where adhemar give a bless . godfrey and several of he knight can be see in the front row . Foot soldier and some knight cluster around the harlot 's cart . the bare leg and thigh of the woman protrude from curtain side which hide they upper body . Men , have drop only they britches , work at they . a madam and a pair of burly cudgel - wield pimp maintain order as the man crowd around . each pay a few coin and , as a customer work a pair of thigh roar with completion , he be pull away and quickly replace by another . 42 . waldemar and ivo approach . shove the pimp away and threaten they with they weapon , they yank several man from the thigh and indulge themselves . emmich laugh as he watch they from a short distance away , decline they invitation to join in . hagen glance at the spectacle with disdain then turn away as ari appear with a bowl of millet . the man sit by they tent and eat from the same bowl with they finger . the carnal grunt of the harlot 's cart blend with the sing of the monk . ext , road beside the crusader camp - night a horse -drawn wagon move at a quick pace along the road beside the encampe crusader . it hold about a dozen people who sing a gay song , accompany by rap drum and tambourine . by they style of dress and general appearance the people in the wagon can be identify as Jews , they be a wedding party . a young bride and GROOM in wedding finery sit on a raise seat . ext . emmich ’'s encampment - night emmich rise from where he eat with he man near the road and stare at the approach wagon . a fat hermit monk stand beside he spit and mutter , '' Jews . '' emmich the killer of Christ ? I no like to get a look at they . as the wagon approach emmich with ivo , waldemar and a few of he man step onto the road and block the way . waving they hand they shy the horse to a stop . emmich approach the wagon and gawk at the Jews as though they be a exhibit in a bestiary . the hermit monk be beside he . emmich so this be Jews ... they look almost human . hermit monk we take arm against the enemy of Christ and here be he worst foe . ivo snatch the yarmulke off a young jew and put it on he head . other knight laugh . a old man speak to emmich from the tense silence on the cart .. . 43 . old man hear I good knight . we serve as silversmith to the most excellent Bishop of mainz . we live in this region lawfully , under a charter of he protection . emmich the Bishop of mainz be a long way off , little man . there be titter from emmich 's man as more gather around the cart . hagen look up from where he be eat with ari near they tent ( which be somewhat apart from the other ) . he see emmich and he man around the wagon . ari too see it . he mutter almost to himself . ari fool , ... they should have stay in they village . still gnaw a lamb bone hagen rise to watch . emmich now glance at the bride . old man we be now come from a wedding . it be a day of joy for this young people . emmich reach to touch she ankle and she draw it away . a evil snicker from the surround knight . emmich I like a bit of joy myself . emmich 's man laugh . the Jews whisper among themselves in Hebrew and the bride father offer a purse . bride's father here good knight . take this in tribute to you cause and let we pass . emmich take the purse and make a face . emmich only this ? . other purse be offer and grab by emmich 's man , ignite they greed . 44 . a jewish woman shriek as she earring be pluck by the hermit monk . ° like a pack of wolf the Knights begin snatching thing from the wagon . a shawl be pull from old lady . a menorah from a rabbi . a lute from musician . a basket of food be find and loaf of bread be throw among the knight . the Jews pull away from the grasp hand and huddle in the center of the wagon . the Old man speak to emmich . old man . you have you tribute , knight . now let we go . emmich but I have not have my prize . his hand shoot out and grab the bride 's gown . she cling to the Groom as emmich pull at she . her foot kick he in the face . a he flinch , she snatch she hem from he grasp . as emmich 's hand go for he dagger , hagen be suddenly in front of he . after a beat he point at the bride and order hagen . emmich pull she down ! hagen do not move . emmich that 's a order , knight of my command , pull she down and spread she , I nil show you how you be spawn . hagen let they go . emmich look at hagen , seem to enjoy he disobedience . ari move behind emmich 's man . see a woodsman 's axe , he pull it from a log . with a whistle he throw it over the head of emmich 's man toward hagen . hagen turn at ari 's whistle and catch the axe . facing emmich , he move to the front of the cart and glance up at the bride . hagen congratulation !... enjoy each other . hagen swat the rump of the cart horse and the animal bolt . emmich stare in disbelief as the wagonload of Jews rattles away . hagen now , arm yourself ... or do I have to wear a maiden 's skirt to bring out you courage . emmich you life be over , bastard ! squire ! ... my armor ! satisfied , hagen walk several foot from emmich , and lean casually on he axe handle as emmich be suite up . ari 's look . go from hagen to emmich . his face register concern . emmich take a large , formidable pole - axe with a sharp fork tip from one of he man . a shield be fitte to he arm and a '' pot helm 's place on he head . emmich 's men fall back as hagen step forward with a few practice swing of he . axe . emmich raise he pole - axe to a threat position and face hagen . the combat in a series of shot for several second the man stalk each other . then hagen shift from right to leave hand stance and charge emmich . emmich 's shield block hagen 's blow with a shower of spark . the man resume defense position , circle each other . emmich feint a move at hagen 's groin with the fork tip of the axe . hagen block with a blow of he woodsman 's axe against the metal handle of the pole axe . spark fly and a chunk of hagen 's blade be lose . emmich 's eye can be see through the slit of he helmet . hagen move before a jeer backdrop of emmich 's man and attack again , drive he axe head into emmich 's shield . as hagen struggle to free it he duck a blow from emmich 's axe . with a huge jerk , hagen pull the shield from emmich 's arm . the momentum send it fly over the head of the man like a giant frisbee . waldemar ease a pike hook into the circle and catch hagen ankle . he pull and twist and hagen go down . 46 . emmich rush he and swing the axe , bury it in the earth beside hagen 's face as he roll away . as hagen scramble to he foot , emmich charge he with the fork end . hagen back against a wagon and emmich drive the point tip through the mail of hagen ' 's shirt and into the wooden side . emnich draw a dagger and slashes at hagen while he try to tear himself free . finally , hagen rip the chain mail from he upper body and tear free . he swing at emmich , and emmich block . hagen 's wild swing continue until , with a overhead vertical blow , he try to cut emmich in half . emmich 's axe-blade catch the wooden handle of hagen 's axe and cut it through . hagen 's axe~head bury itself in the ground . hagen now hold only the wooden handle of the axe . eerie laughter echoe from inside emmich 's helmet as he stalk hagen for the kill . hagen take a stance , hold the axe handle in both hand like a louisville slugger . he bob and weave on the ball of he foot as emmich charge and swing . hagen duck under the blow . like seasoned batter , he slam the axe handle into the chin of emmich 's helmet . the blow resound with a metallic crunch . emmich be lift off he foot and hurl onto he back . for second emmich be motionless , he helmet grotesquely deform by the force of hagen 's 's blow . as hagen step forward , the axe handle poise to finish he , emmich move . he struggle to he knee ; blood cascade from beneath he chin and well from the twisted eye slit of the helmet as he raise he head . gripping the side of the helmet emmich make a sudden desperate attempt to wrestle it off . a blood - choke scream gurgle from within . hagen remain ready to kill until a second agonize scream and sob be hear from the helmet . hagen lower the axe handle and let it drop to the ground . he turn and emmich 's man back away , open a path for he as he walk toward the fire of the camp . ari fall in step with hagen . he glance around nervously to see if emmich 's man be follow as they head for they tent . ext . outside emmich tent - night a smith kneel beside emmich and with a large cut tool snip the rivet on emmich 's helmet . it be carefully pull away by a surgeon and he assistant . several tooth fall amidst clotted blood from inside . waldemar gasp as he see ~ emmich 's lower jaw and cheek be smashed to pulp . emmich sense the extent of he disfigurement in waldemar 's look . '' 47 . waldemar he will die for this , cousin . tonight in he tent . waldemar make the motion of plunging a knife . emmich speak , he voice distort by pain , disfigurement and rage . emmich no , ... no , death be not enough . ext . the dock of bari - night in a series of shot a forest of mast be reflect in torchlight along the city 's dock as supplies be load onto boat . Foot soldier be march onto the deck of barge . crane swing horse through the air to the deck of livestock ship . ext . a livestock boat - night hagen stand near a boat where horse be load . he walk he horse to a crane and calm she as she be fitte into harness . under the eave of a build a short distance away , emmich stand in the shadow with a . genoese merchant name vermi . emmich 's face be barely visible as they speak and watch hagen . vermi the big one . emmich be that a problem ? vermi not at all . in the background hagen watch as the mare be lift by the crane and swing onto the ship . . vermi / five hundred dinarii will see he 's put on the right ship . emmich done . '' vermi ( smile ) no quibbling over price ... with what do this man do ? 48 .° vermi look at emmich who have step into the light . his face be hideously scar . Rough stitches and cut , the evidence of medieval trauma surgery still cover he jaw . vermi he be the one who ?... vermi gesture vaguely towards he own face . emmich ( a slight threat ) do it matter ? vermi no . to I it 's just trade . ext . the OPEN sea - morning a small , single masted ship about sixty foot in length run before a easy breeze over follow seas . Islands can be see in the background . ext . aboard the boat - morning on the mid-deck about thirty monk , mostly young novice , be sprawle in various position of repose . a few be sick , vomit over the rail . valt , the guard from the Abbey , sleep on a pile of rope with he crossbow nearby . hagen gay from the forecastle . a pair of sullen crewmen tighten a line nearby . cross to ari who be asleep on the deck , hagen rouse he . hagen wake up . ari awaken with a start . ari what ? hagen you have make sea voyage before ... ari many , ... and let I tell you my friend the answer be heavy wine and sleep , .. not stand at the rail wait ... 49 . hagen ( cut he off } quiet . last night we be surround by other ship ... today there 's none . ari digest this . he get to he foot and look around . in the background the monk begin sing a shaky madrigal as he search the horizon which be studd with island . hagen be we lose ? ari hopefully . hagen what ? ari {very concerned ) there be worse thing . hagen like what ? ari see something off on the horizon . ari like that . Pov ~- ari and hagen a lateen rig . ship slip from behind a island . art stare at the ship with real alarm . ari Moslems , ... corsair ! suddenly the monk 's madrigal be break off as -- the sail of the ship be lower onto the deck by the crew . ari immediately figure it out ari the crew 's drop sail . the bastard have sell we . hagen what ? sq . ari we have be sell to moslem slaver . ari charge to a pile of belonging . he pull out sword and toss one to hagen , ari we only chance be to take the ship . we have get . to try and out run they . hagen race up to the after deck . see he , a mate grab a pump handle and slam he in the face , knock he onto the lower deck . with another sailor , the man jump he . hagen hurl one man over the side . the other come again with the pump handle . hagen grab he and slam he skull on the rail , spilling he brain . ari , swinging wildly with he sword , drive the crew back from the fall sail which lie on the deck . the monk react with total confusion . several try to pray and ari kick they . ari off you knee . grab the line . raise the sail ! {to valt ) keep they back ! valt crank a bolt into he crossbow and aim at the crew . the monk haphazardly follow ari 's command , while valt keep the crew at bay with he crossbow . ari the line . pull ! haul ! monk stumble in every direction . the corsair 's ship be approach fast . the slaver stripped to the waist , some in turban , stand on the forecastle ready to jump . other be in the rigging , ready to swing aboard . ari , strain at the halyard with the monk . Hand over hand , the sail inch up and begin to take wind . 51 . the corsair be now within a hundred foot as the sail fill . the little merchantman heel over and start to pick up speed . ari scream at hagen ari steer the ship ! steer the ship ! hagen grab the steering oar have no idea what he 's do , he pull it towards he . the ship swing around , the sail flap wildly . the captain roar with laughter . hagen grab he by the neck . hagen why be you laugh ? he pitch he over the stern rail . then he shove the steering oar in the opposite direction . the sail backwind , gibe and tear away from the mast , fall in on the man below . valt be knock down . he recover he crossbow and aim at the corsair ship as -- wild scream and roar of laughter sound from the slaver as they close on the merchantman . a tattooed berber on the bow shout in some incomprehensible tongue and make obscene gesture as a bolt from valt 's crossbow thunks into he forehead . hagen rush to fight as the corsair ship collide with the merchantman and they swarm aboard . ext . the ship - day in a series of shot a corsair , swinging to the after-deck , be behead by hagen in mid-air . other follow , swinging and jump from the lateener 's rigging . ari drag himself from the tangle of sail , sword in hand to see - corsair , like a frenzied pack of hyenas , hoot and scream , herd the defenseless monk with they scimitar . valt try to load a bolt as he be clubbed to the deck . ari , cornere by a hoot mob , simply lower he sword and they grab he . ood 32 . hagen be surround . the slaver taunt and jab at he as he swipe at they with he sword . a huge berber stalk hagen with a net while the other distract he . as hagen lunge at they , the net be throw . entangle , hagen be pull down to the deck . ext . the corsair ship - night the bey of the corsair , a huge Turk with facial tattoo , examine he captive . the monk be fettere by they ankle to a long massive chain . hagen be chained apart . his captor eat nearby , obviously proud of they catch . at the bey 's approach hagen be prodd with a scimitar . he twist in he chain and the bey smile at he man . the bey then cross to ari and valt who be chain together . as he look they over -- ari suddenly come to life ari effendi , fil isma Al Allah , ... it be wrong I be enslave with this eater of pig . I ama believer . the bey study he . bey for such a lie you will eat you tongue and lip . the bey 's bodyguard grab ari by the hair and pull he upper lip as the bey remove he dagger . ari ( frantic ) no. effendi bey , I be take slave by the Christians . I be a moslem . La illahu illa alla . I be a hadji , I have be to Mecca . the bey pause with he knife at ari 's lip . bey and I have be to Mecca , ... a piace forbidden to infidel such as you . ari effendi , I walk seven time around the ka’aba and kiss the sacred stone , ... I draw water from the well of zam zam , , ..gathere ( more ) 53 . ari ( cont would ) seven stone at muzdalifa , ...1 I be a true believer . the bey react to ari 's claim . he pause with the knife . bey name the first surah of the Koran . ari Al baqara . bey recite it . ari be stick . ari . effendi bey , I be a common man , not a mullah , the bey 's knife again come to he lip . ari suddenly wrestle with the string that hold he pants and they drop . : ari look ! look at my organ . it be not cut accord to we faith ? look at this magnificent turbane head . compare it with the filthy shroud - skin of thesé infidel and know that I be bear to the faith . the bey stare for a beat at ari 's cock , then smile and speak to the Guards . bey unchain he . ari clasp he hand . speak Arabic gratitude , he kiss the bey ' 's proffer hand . hagen watch as ari be unchain and offer food by the corsair . he step past hagen without a glance . ext . the port of jaffa - day amidst a melee of shouting and harangue , hagen , valt and the monk , be drive by whip - bear slave handlers from the corsair . ship onto the dock of jaffa . with liberal use of whip and club the new arrival be force through a huge bar gate into a waterfront building . 54 , ext . the slave pens - day the man be herde into the center of a courtyard by guard shouting at they in Arabic . hagen look around . the courtyard be surround by cell in which people can be see , group of turbane man converse as they examine pod of slave , man of all race who have be bring from the cell into the courtyard for inspection . in one section of the courtyard woman sit chain under the shade of thatched eave . most be black , a few of they hold small child . a stately tribal woman , ornament with scar , stand nude while prospective buyer examine she . a whip crack on hagen be back . he spin and leap at the man but four huge guard beat he back with club . subdued by overwhelming force , he be drive with other toward a row of cell . int . the cell - night hagen share a crowded cell with valt and the monk . the evening prayer from a distant mosque blend with the moan and weep of the slave pen . after several second of sit still , hagen suddenly yank at he chain , try to pull the ring from the wall or break the manacle on he wrist . valt be watch he . valt you be bless , hagen . make God deliver we . hagen say nothing . a monk chime in . monk yes , you bear the sign . a general murmur of appeal begin . directed at hagen from ali the monk . hagen quiet !... stop you mewl ! the monk be silent for a beat then one start to pray in Latin . hagen shove the man down with he foot . hagen and stop you damned praying ! the monk be silent . 58 . ext . the slave courtyard - day a group of servant place a heavy table in the center of the courtyard under the supervision of a surgeon and he assistant , who be dress in white but wear red leather apron . int . the cell - day hagen watch they through the bar . Pov hagen the surgeon 's assistant fan the coal in a small brassiere and place a brass pot over they to boil . the surgeon open a bag and begin remove knife . test the edge , he hone they on a stone . the attendant shoos at several curious chicken that peck around the leg of the table . a short distance away four woman knead fresh cow dung while two other unwind and fold roll of raw cotton . beside they , servant dig a ditch , like a very shallow grave , in the sand of the courtyard . int . / ext . the cell - day valt crane to see as the surgeon and a slave dealer , who be a well dress arab of obvious authority , consult in the courtyard . valt what be they do ? hagen I do not know . the slave dealer send four guard toward the cell . valt ( nervous , to the 's monk ) do any one know what they be do ? the guard enter the cell . without a word they start unlock valt whose confusion quickly mount to terror . he struggle as he be pull from the cell . valt no , ... no. hagen watch as valt be drag across the courtyard toward the table . valt be pulled down onto the table . his hand be slip into the pillory above he head . his leg be force over the edge and strapped to the leg . 56 . the monk view this with nervous curiosity . the surgeon step between valt 's bare leg and study he groin for a beat . then , he reach down , gently lift valt 's genitals , and cut they away with a curve knife that resemble a linoleum cutter . valt loose a deep , agonize scream . int . the cell - day valt ' 's continue cry of agony cut through the cell . as the monk fight they chain , hagen stare transfix in horror as - blood pour down valt 's thigh and calve onto the dust of the compound , the surgeon 's hand plop a indistinguishable mass of bloody flesh into a large clay bowl . with he slipper foot he kick away a curious dog . the surgeon' assistant hand he a glow cautery which he apply to the vein . then , in a quick professional move , the assistant swab valt 's groin with hot oily pitch . a fountain of vomit spews from valt 's mouth , choke and gag he as he scream . hagen stare through the bar . behind he the monk be hysterical ; bawling , implore the Lord for mercy now that they fate have become obvious . valt be lifted from the table . he twitches , convulse as he be drag across the courtyard and laid on a mat by the woman . two of they begin pack he groin with fresh cow dung while the other prepare to wrap he with cotton . hagen wind he wrist -chain several time around he hand . he bellow as with all he strength he try to break it . blood run from he palm . the cell door open and four guard enter carry a long staff with a noose of chain . slip it over hagen 's neck they twist until they choke he into submission . when he be nearly faint , they pull he from the cell . 57 . Pov hagen hagen 's eye sweep the compound gather impressionistic image ... chicken peck at the blood beneath the table . the cur sniff the clay pot contain valt 's manhood . valt writhes and twist in agony as , wrap in cotton , he be lower into the ditch and bury up to he chest . ext . the courtyard - day held by six struggle guard , hagen twist and fight as he be pull to the table . finally again choke to submission by the chain , he be force down . the wooden pillory lock over he wrist . he legs be spread and he ankle strapped to the heavy leg of the table . the surgeon look on with totally professional calm , sharpen he knife as ; hagen' pant be pull away . he writhes and the heavy table groan with stress as more restraint be put on he . the surgeon wipe the knife clean with a white cloth . the assistant lift the boil pitch from the fire and place the swab in it . he lift the cautery which glow red . all be ready . hagen roar as the surgeon step between he leg and look down at he genitals , hagrn twist he head against the vomit slick table top . he look down as - the surgeon gently lift the genital and lower the knife . suddenly there be a shout from off screen in Arabic . the surgeon pause and look around . hagen strain to turn he head to the side . he see ... 5b . a group of men in arab clothes approach . on ’of they be ari who be talk a 4 mile a minute . ari do not you understand ? I serve the emir Ibn khaldun . he have hear of this man , of he size , he strength , the slave dealer argue with ari. slave dealer but the emir must understand ... they have step close to the table . ari take a quick look at hagen 's crotch with obvious relief . slave dealer ... this man 's fate be seal in genoa , ... we merchant there be handsomely pay by a french noble to have he render a eunuch before be sell . . ari you tell I that some deceit make between infidels in genoa , be to be honore over the wish of a moslem Prince ? slave dealer no , but ... hagen twist he head to follow ari as he walk around the table inspect he . ari the emir seek a stallion not a geld . I be send from Jerusalem , to purchase this man intact . the slave dealer glance down at hagen . he walk slowly around the table follow by ari . the surgeon and he assistant stand wait . slave dealer ( shrug agreement ) as you say , why honor a agreement make between infidel . ari give hagen a secret wink then turn to the slave dealer and remove a purse from this belt . =~ 59 . ari a purse of turkish gold . the slave dealer extend he hand . his finger tip lightly touch the bottom of the purse , weigh it . slave dealer double this and he 's yours . ari a outrage . Roll he away from he ball . ari turn on he heel and@ start away . hagen react with a shout . '' no ! '' the slave dealer pursue ari . hagen crane to see they where they argue a short distance away . ari and the slave dealer ari tell I a price that 's not a insult ... slave dealer I must be compensate . I will have discord from the genoese . ari extend the purse . ari this for the slave ... two gold coin appear like magic in the finger of ari 's hand . ari and this for you discord , the slave dealer shrug a grudge acceptance , hagen , see the slave dealer and ari exchange '' salaam '' heave a huge sigh of relief . ext . the slave pens ~ day surrounded by guard , hagen follow ari to a cart in front of the slave pen . he look up to see ambu , a huge African with tribal scar look down at he suspiciousiy . ambu signal he into the cart . hagen climb up and ambu indicate a pile of straw where hagen settles . ari climb up beside a arab driver and signal he to go . the cart roll 60 . away from the slave pen . the horrible cry of another eunuch rend the air . '' hagen look back as the wagon carry he off . ext . a well outside the town - day the driver water the cart horse . ari turn and speak to ambu . ari ambu , get water for the Frank . ambu do not seem to like the idea , but he do as order . hagen nindicate ambu} who be he ? ari ambu , the chief slave of emir Ibn khaldun 's guard . he will be you trainer . hagen my trainer ? ari you will be train for the personal body guard . hagen I be not go to be a slave . ari : try to appreciate what I nve do . my uncle be counselor to Ibn khaldun . with great effort I persuade he to buy you . hagen glare at ari. hagen all I need be a horse and sword . ari what chance would you have ? you be a Frank in the moslem world . they have have you back in the slave pen before the morning cock crow . this time they have ... ari hook he finger and make a gesture of castrate hagen . ari speak quickly as ambu return from the well . 61 . ari the crusader have besiege Antioch . when it fall they 'il March on Jerusalem . then there will be a chance for escape . for now , put you faith in Allah the merciful and compassionate and try to behave . hagen Allah ? be you really a moslem ? ari speak quickly as ambu reach the wagon . ari I blend with my surroundings . you should do the same . ambu put a bucket of water in front of hagen . he make a gesture of drink . hagen glare at he for a beat then cup he hand and drink . ext . the road ~ dusk the wagon rumble along a pitte road under the blister sun . parched and sweaty , hagen face backwards . ambu turn around and speak to he . ambu Christian , behold the holy city of al - qud , sacred to all Muslims . hagen what do I care ? ari I believe you infidel call it Jerusalem . now hagen be interested . he turn and stand to get a good view . hagen 's Pov : jerusalem the small city cover a hilltop in a landscape of barren and rocky terrain . minarets soar above the stone battlement . the set sun reflect off the dome of the rock . hagen continue to stare , unexpectedly affect , as the cart trundle down the road toward the distant city . ext , the street of jerusalem - night by night the torchlit street swarm with life . the city be a true melange of three faith . 62 . a muezzin call the evening prayer from a minaret . faithful moslem kneel on prayer rug . hagen gaze from the cart as they pass the wailing wall where jews stand and pray . hagen Jews can worship here ? ari of course . Christians as well . ari point to a ancient church with a strange dome shape like a fool 's cap . ari here be the church where the true Cross be keep . do it not look familiar ... oturn to hagen ) like in a dream ? as hagen gaze up at the famous church , a candle ~ bear procession of orthodox monk cross they path , lead by theodosius , a long -beard patriarch . for a instant , the pierce eye of theodosius fix on hagen as though he know he from another time and place . hagen study the old monk , troubled by a sense of deja - vu . ext . a jerusalem STREET ~- emir ibn khaldun ‘s palace - night the cart enter a small courtyard teeming with activity . horse be groom and tend . a spitted lamb be turn over a open fire . goat mill in pen await slaughter . ropes , hang with clothes , crisscross above . most of the people be african . they laughter , the chant of woman pound millet flour , and the general tone suggest a native village . two african guard , approach ambu in stature , greet ambu . hagen be beckone down from the wagon and they look he over , joke with ambu in they native tongue . ari be call by he uncle yacub , a elderly man who stand on a balcony above . yacub ari , ... ari whisper to hagen . ari my uncle be call I to the palace . . . ( he look plead ) do not make trouble , they 's 11 whip you . 63 . ari move away and hagen be lead toward the slave quarter . ext . a palace stairway ~ night ari climb a short flight of stair to where he uncle be wait . his uncle look down as hagen be lead inside . yacub what do you pay for he ? ari use the skill you teach I , t pay only a just price . know ari 's con , he uncle roll he eye and turn away . yacub God forbid you Frank escape . Zit will be we neck . ari I have speak with he . he be content and willing to serve . int . ibn khaldun 's slave quarter - night with a sudden explosion of force , hagen snatch the lead chain from ambu 's guard . the other guard try to grab he and hagen slam he back against the wall . but he make no attempt to run . facing ambu , who loom in front of he ready to take he on , hagen speak reasonably . hagen I will not be lead like a dog . Point the way , I ‘il follow . ambu motion the guard back and beckon hagen to follow . they start down a hallway . ambu unlock a bar door . hagen enter a hallway with room along the side . slave and they family live here . food be cook in the hall , baby ery and curious child peer from the doorway . a pair of African woman stare curiously at hagen , share joke in they native tongue . hagen be lead to a small room with no door . ambu whisper to the man and they remove hagen 's chain . ambu then point to the room and with he palm clasped , make a gesture of sleep . hagen nod and enter . int . hagen 's room '- night hagen cross to a bed make of woven mat and sit down . he gaze up at the window . a crescent moon shine through the bar . the vague sound of music and a girl 's laughter drift to hagen 's solitude from somewhere in the palace . 64 . int . ibn khaldun' palace - day close on : a SMALL tree made of jewel and jade . countless mechanical bird , render in enamel and precious gem , bob and move on they perches as they sing . a caracal cat with a emerald studd collar watch the bird with its large green eye while a delicate feminine hand stroke its head . a camera move reveal a beautiful girl in she mid-twenty who stroke the animal . her large liquid eye gaze languidly from behind a silken veil . . the tree of bird stand on a small table attend by a elegantly attire nubian boy of perhaps ten . al ~ afdal , a somewhat fey courtier in damascene dress , stand to one side display the gift for the benefit of the girl and she father ibn khaldun . al ~ afdal dugag life in the hope this gift will entertain you and you daughter . seat beside he daughter on a divan that overlook a magnificent garden , Ibn khaldun be perhaps sixty . his expression reflect wisdom grace with humor . his dress be simple , yet elegant , subtle color render in the finest cloth . ibn khaldun a lovely gift , be it not , leila ? leila nod a tacit agreement . Al - afdal step forward and open the ivory and gold cover of a small painting that depict a ruler of obese dimension , seat on a jewel encrust throne . leila it be clever . but I prefer the song of real bird ; song mean to . inspire happiness and not obligation . Al - afdal seem slightly stung , but cover . he speak as he place the portrait on a small table face leila . al-afdal keep this likeness that you may know dugag . that you take even the slight pleasure in he humble gift will give he great joy . Al - afdal salaam and leave . leila snatch away she veil and kick the miniature portrait onto the floor . her anger only enhance she disturbing beauty . 65 . ibn khaldun I have see subtler rejection . leila dugag be a slug . his amorous intention be a insult . I would not marry the man if he send I the pyramid . ibn khaldun dugaq rule only Damascus . the pyramid would have to come from the caliph of Cairo . leila he 's equally loathsome . do not encourage he . khaldun smile at she . ibn khaldun and whom should I encourage ? leila when I know , you will know . int . ibn khaldun 's palace - dusk hagen , clean up and wear baggy arab style pants and a silk vest , walk with ari and ambu through a beautiful tile courtyard , his eye scan the graceful beauty of khaldun 's palace . as they pass a alabaster fountain they be watch by a magnificent argus pheasant in full display . int . ibn khaldun 's office - night hagen enter with ari and ambu . the room be large and fill with shelf of book . ari 's uncle be gaze through a bronze instrument for measure the position of star at a open window . he approach and look hagen up and down . yacub he have a odd smell . do they bathe ? ari not as often as we , uncle . Ibn khaldun enter . ari , yacub and ambu salaam at he approach . ari my Lord , this be the Frank , ... he be call hagen . yacub note that hagen make no move . 66 . yacub bow to you master , the emir Ibn khaldun , Lord of this palace . hagen manage a sullen barely noticeable nod as Ibn khaldun face he . ibn khatldun I '' tell you be part of the Christian army that now invade we land . ari press into arm , my lord . he have no choice . ibn khaldun let he speak . I would have al - hagen tell what drive this man . be it truly a war about shrine ? hagen for a few . ibn khaldun and for you ? hagen stare at Ibn khaldun for a beat . hagen I come for the gold that hang around you neck . Ibn khaldun smile , but yacub react with offense . yacub barbarian , you will feel the whip for speak thus to you emir ! yacub snap he finger , signal a guard forward . ibn khaldun no , yacub . I prefer a man who state he mind over one who 's be whipped into skillful deceit . ( to ambu ) have he training begin at once . ambu salaam a hagen make a half -heart effort . they leave . yacub you trust this creature ? : ibn khaldun not yet , but perhaps I will . ae ext . ibn khaldun 's palace - a courtyard - day hagen stand in a courtyard wear only a loin cloth , ambu hand he a masai spear and a shield of rhino hide . he fit the shield over hagen 's arm and give he the spear . ambu arm himself with the same weapon . facing hagen he drum the spear against the shield , make a alarming noise that end with a wild shout . he indicate that hagen should try the same , hagen drum awkwardly on the shield and shout . ambu laugh . muttering in he own language , he adjust hagen 's hold on the spear and gesture he to try again . int . ibn khaldun 's palace - a corridor - day the tingling of bangle and the whisper of bare foot on marble floor announce the appearance of leila and she slave sheba , a lovely ethiopian . they stop at a cormer and shush each other . peer around , sheba see a black eunuch , doze against the opposite wall . sheba shhhh , the eunuch be almost asleep . leila why should I sneak from the harem to see a slave ? why be he so special ? sheba you must see he . this franks be a race of giant . sheba check the eunuch who have begin to snore . stifl giggle the girl sneak past and race up a flight of stair . ext . khaldun 's palace - a courtyard - day the spear rattles against ambu 's shield . facing he , hagen too have master the spear rattle . ambu , increase the pitch , then with a wild scream charge . hagen block the charge and swing at a ambu , who leap , raise both foot to allow the spear to swish underneath . he bring the spear down and - hagen block it , then leap back . now hagen face he , rattling he own spear against the shield . int . a tower room - day : leila stand beside sheba , gaze down at hagen through a ornately lattice window . 68 . sheba see , a monster . the combat training hagen charge , feint and trip ambu . as ambu go down , he vault on he hand and kick hagen with the sole of both foot . hagen fall in a cloud of dust . he rise and ambu throw down he shield and spear . a short charge and they be lock in a wrestle grip , pitting they strength , one against the other . hagen get a leg behind ambu and throw he down . both man laugh as hagen extend a hand and help he up . leila , peer intently at hagen . hagen and ambu step under a shade and be hand bucket by other slave . hagen dump water over he body and pull away he loin cloth to wash himself . leila and sheba , face press to the window , exchange a brief glance and stifle the urge to giggle . hagen now rinse himself with another bucket . as he towel off , he look go to the tower window . Pov hagen - the tower leila and sheba be unaware that they silhouettes be visible in the backlight . hagen gaze hard , he eye climb the silhouett form of leila until he meet she gaze . leila 's large eye stare back at he . hagen be expression soften . leila move suddenly back as if hagen 's look carry some kind of electrical charge . sheba look at she curiously . 69 . sheba what ? leila stare ahead , lose ina whirlwind of forbidden thought . hagen remain stare as leila 's figure disappear into the shadow of the tower . he venture a trace of a smile . ext , a battleground - outside the wall of antioch - dusk the siege be over . the city have fall to the crusader . fire burn along the battlement . mounted knight thunder past row of stake set outside the wall upon which Moslems be impale . superimpose title : antioch . ext . the street of antioch - day common soldier rage through street looting the house in search of food . a group of soldier wander a desert market place . violent fight break out as they search desperately through empty wheat bin . Foot soldier fight over a half empty bag of grain . one bludgeon the other and take the bag , stuff raw grain into he mouth before other can take it away . another scoops up a rat from inside a grain barrel and run with it before the other can take it away . in the street a pack of feral dog feed on the rotting corpse of a woman . suddenly a group of soldier emerge from a side street . see the pack of dog the soldier rush they . one be cornere and catch by the soldier . he be hold , yelping in terror as they begin butcher he . fxt . atop the wall of antioch - day emmich and waldemar walk above a courtyard where pathetic group of moslem woman and child huddle around small fire . waldemar a city stripped of food ... we victory feast will be on jackal and carrion crow . emmich look down as several woman , some with infant in they arm , extend they hand and beg for food . emmich I see no shortage of meat in Antioch . I see ewe that carry ample flesh and - tender lamb still fatten at the nipple . 70 . waldemar almost laugh at the absurdity of the idea . waldemar the moslem civilian ? ; emmich cut into strip , salted and dry , ... who would know or care ? waldemar godfrey would care . emmich while godfrey wait on the coast for grain ship a starve army will prefer my stew to he promise . waldemar gaze down into the courtyard then he look at emmich and shrug . '' why not ? 's ext . the crusader camp - dusk steam waft from huge pot of stew that boil over cook fire as the hungry man of the crusader army wait in restless line to - be feed . order be maintain by club-wield sergeant . through the smoke of the cook fire godfrey , among a group of mount knight , return from he mission to find food . they be weary and filthy with the dirt of travel . a few camel trail they with sack of grain . godfrey catch the scent drift from the stew pot . he exchange a look with he man and ride ahead . a stew pot be stirred . as a ladle be lift to serve a crowd of soldier a human jawbone be visible , surfacing for a instant from the depth of the gruel . godfrey , look into the pot cover he mouth , fight a sudden wave of nausea . int . a burned - out byzantine church - day Church bell clang sourly . close on a gold cross in shaft of sunlight glide through cloud of incense smoke . it top a staff carry by the hermit monk who lead a procession of crusader knight to a altar . 71 . adhemar ( v.o. ) } Antioch , wherein preach St. Peter and St. Paul , be restore to Christ . godfrey in chain armor walk at the lead with a handful of he man . emmich be immediately behind with ivo and waldemar . they be follow by a congregation of knight . adhemar stand before the makeshift altar . icon have be set up over arab calligraphy that can still be 's see on the wall . he face the assemblage of knight who have reach the front of the church . adhemar month of siege be now reward by peace and the restoration of order . let we now pray for further victory . godfrey rise . godfrey Bishop ! how can we prayer be answer until we purge ourselves of that who have commit heinous sin . adhemar Count godfrey , this be not the time nor place for such declaration . godfrey I believe God have limit to what he allow in he name . what he have do to innocent civilian ... godfrey point at emmich . godfrey ... he must be disavow of he oath and cast from this crusade . there be a chorus of '' no 's '' from the knight and from the rank and file . baldwin of chartres step forward . baldwin without emmich we would have starve . sense the support of that gather , include knight like baldwin formerly loyal to godfrey , emmich face he accuser . emmich can you deny that cruel act be a fact of war ? ( more ) be 72 . emmich ( cont would ) we ravage land and leave death and destruction , yet we be favore with victory . be it not proof that because we goal be just , the Lord forgive we action ? there be shout from the man '' yes !... the Lord forgive , ... emmich have fight bravely ! '' godfrey push to adhemar . godfrey ( whisper ) denounce he savagery . cast he from we . adhemar we can not afford to lose he . we can not afford to fail . adhemar raise he hand to quiet the man . adhemar silence . the Lord alone will judge we ... if we restore Jerusalem to he kingdom , God will forgive what we have do for he cause . cheer . emmich turn with he fist raise and shout . emmich hear that , man ? whatever we do he will forgive we ! adhemar turn , avoid godfrey 's look , and resume the mass . from cheer and shout of '' death to the moslem filth , '' the knight go to bendec knee and muttere prayer . int . the governor 's bath ~ jerusalem - day in a magnificent tile courtyard the elite of Jerusalem relax beside the pool where they have bath . servant attend they with offering of fruit and delicacy . zrttrhar , the mousy little governor of Jerusalem , pace before they . iftikhar ... I have twenty thousand askaris to defend the wall , and at Antioch they have twice that number . djarvat , thin and dark with intense burn eye , stand beside the pool , drape in the black robe of a fundamentalist mullah . he listen as iftikhar speaks.to Ibn khaldun . 73 . iftikhar emir khaldun , you be skilled in warfare . advise we . draft a plan for . we defense . djarvat find a mean to slaughter this infidel before they stench defile we shrine . Ibn khaldun smile at djarvat 's fiery rhetoric . ibn khaldun we horseman and archer be superior to theirs . if it be to be a battle we should meet they in the field . iftikhar but the cost of mount such a force ... akiva , a elderly rabbi , speak from among a group of jewish elder . akiva the people of Jerusalem can not bear the burden of more tax . there be some disgruntled mumble among the gather . - djarvat cross toward a repuisive , elephantine pudding of a man who recline near a large tray of sweet . he be duqaq of Damascus , and he portrait do not begin to suggest he depravity . his retainer al - afdal stand nearby . djarvat we gracious friend dugag command a army of horseman and archer ... only a day 's ride away . dugaq lick a sweet from he finger as he face djarvat . duqaq the soldier of Damascus be only for the defense of Damascus . djarvat the pillage of moslem shrine by infidel mean nothing to you ? duqaq ( a smug smile ) djarvat , as you mulla be fond of remind I , I be not a pious man . : : ( more ) 74 . duqaq ( cont would ) ( he search for another sweet as he speak ) but there be something that might entice I to defend Jerusalem . emir khaldun know of my desire . the man exchange glance as if catch by a riddle . ibn khaldun he mean my daughter , leila . iftikhar then give she , and bless by the union . the other chime in . '' yes , give he the girl . '' ibn khaldun I have promise my daughter that in marriage she will be to be she own . djarvat no woman 's will be she own . dugaq appear insulted . there be a general grumble from that assemble . . djarvat for a daughter 's pride be we to bear desecration of we faith ? ibn khaldun Christians come to pray will not desecrate Islam . we should examine the possibility of a truce . iftikhar this be barbarian . War be inevitable . ibn khaldun of the war I have fight none be inevitable , ... all be regrettable . Ibn khaldun face the other and continue . ibn khaldun we of this city be wise in the skill of negotiation and compromise . we have play conqueror before , ... as other play chess . ( more ) 78 . ibn khaldun ( cont would ) this Christians be exhaust by they long struggy , weaken by they journey , beset with quarrel and intrigue , ... I say we meet they and offer peace . iftikhar let they enter the city without a fight ? ibn khaldun enter unarm as pilgrim , to worship . by the Prophet 's law , all faith worship here . akiva ... we be all the child of abraham . we Jews support a effort for peace . djarvat laugh out loud in mockery . djarvat you Jews will die with this coward by the same Christian sword . Allah call for victory , not compromise with infidel . djarvat and he follow walk away . there be a beat of silence then iftikhar speak . iftikhar . go , Ibn khaldun , ... save we if you ean . int . the slave quarter - night in he small room , hagen lie on he bed awake . a breeze stir , and he hear a girl 's laughter . he turn , try to settle into sleep , but the creak of a door hinge move in the wind distract he . after a few second , he rise . stepping to the door , hagen look down a hallway and see ... Pov hagen the bar door to the outside be open . it move lightly in the breeze . hagen stare for a beat then duck back into he room . he pull on he pants , remove a make - shift rope from he mattress and stuff it in he shirt . 76 . ext . a courtyard near the stable - night hagen exit the slave quarter and move through the shadow . after glance up at the wall surround the slave compound , he climb a tree and onto a roof . ext , the palace roof - night pigeon flutter nervously , a few break into flight as hagen pass a huge loft . hagen look toward a far wall which overlook the landscape surround the city . he move over the confusion of parapet and corbele roof that make up the palace . his foot dislodge a section of brick that fall into a courtyard . he freeze then move on . he move along a ledge under a series of window . Pov hagen hagen 's view be directly down into the harem ; the night be warm and three beautiful odalisque , nearly nude , sleep on divan . around a fountain . a small antelope wander among they nibble left-over from trays of fruit . hagen momentarily lose he drive to escape as he gaze at the sleep form . he move to another window a short distance away and peer in . Pov hagen leila , beneath a silken gauze , lie asleep on she bed in the middle of a room of white marble inlaid with precious stone . the image be like a Persian miniature of arrest sensual beauty . hagen be catch . he stare at leila captivate . leila sigh and turn in she sleep as she dream . her small delicate hand caress she shoulder , then she be still again . hagen sees a small balcony on a lower level that open into 's leila 's room . after a moment of indecision , he climb down a ledge and make he way towards it . when he reach it he peer inside . 77 . angle - leilax room the bed be empty . as hagen 's eye search the room , leila 's face suddenly appear from behind a curtain directly in front of he . her dark eye stare into he . hagen 's eye quickly scan she body then return to she face . his eye lock on hers and for second neither move . she study he quickly as though commit he face to she memory . then she slowly close a shutter that separate they . hagen be tempt to reach forward and tear away the flimsy ornately carve wood , but instead he back away . ext . the roof - night climb to the edge of the palace , hagen gaze out at the freedom which lie beyond . a length of he makeshift rope dangle from he shirt as he ponder escape . the wind stir he hair and he gaze be draw back toward leila 's room . angle leila 's balcony window two large eye watch hagen . int . the slave quarter - night hagen re-enter the slave quarter and walk toward he room . int . hagen 's room - night hagen hurl himself down on he bed . for several second he lay on he back stare at the ceiling , then he roll over and face the wall try to shut leila out of he thought . as he try for sleep a small hand gently touch he shoulder . hagen turn quickly and see -- sheba leila 's slave be smile at he . hagen be dumbstruck . sheba Al - hagen , the princess leila send I . hagen the princess send you ?... sheba ( giggle ) yes , ...to be with you ... she say you be lonely . - that you wander like a tomcat in the night . be it not so ? . hagen can not believe he eye .. she be like a vision . 78 . hagen who be you ? sheba I be sheba . I be a odalisque . hagen do not know the word . sheba laugh lightly . sheba I be school in the way of pleasure , al -hagen . the princess know that I too be sometimes very lonely ... and she have curiosity about you . hagen curiosity ? sheba it be only through I that she can know of man , ...by what I say of the way you feel , ... sheba begin touch hagen 's body . sheba of you strength , ... be you sorry she have curiosity about you ? hagen reach out and touch she bare arm with he fingertip . hagen no . sheba smile . sheba May I stay with you ? if you send I away the princess will weep . . hagen ; and if you stay , she will be happy . sheba yes . she would hear of we pleasure and rejoice in it . hagen . you people be very different from we . . : sheba perhaps not so different as you think . : : ~ 1 of o he draw sheba 's face to he own and give she a gentle kiss . her hand begin a sensual caress of he body that immediately arouse he desire . ext . the entrance courtyard - day the courtyard be fill with tumultuous activity . on one side , Ibn khaldun 's military color guard have assemble on horseback , surround by silken flag cover with Arabic scripture . on the other side , preparation for a caravan be also underway . horse and camel be saddle and load with supplies . a sumptuous litter ( howdah ) be strapped to the back of a camel . ambu prep ten of Ibn khaldun 's guard for the journey . int . a stairway - day hagen finish put on he uniform as he approach the bustling courtyard . he see ari stand by a column and stand beside he , look straight ahead . hagen what 's happen ? ari the crusade be march on Jerusalem . hagen nod toward the opulent howdah where Ibn khaldun , wear light armor , help leila inside . hagen where be he send the princess ? ari to he brother 's estate near nablus . dugag of demascus still want she as he wife . Ibn khaldun fear she might be take while he be away . ari take hagen aside and speak in a whisper . ari I persuade he that you should be part of the guard . you know what that mean ? hagen escape . ari ( nod ) I ask that you first deliver she to safety , ... the man trust I . deceive he do not come easy . hagen nod agreement . 80. ari then ride North . it 's say the crusader now cover the land like locust . : hagen and you ? ari I be to be part of Ibn khaldun 's peace mission to the crusader . hagen peace mission ? he 's a fool . ari ( shrug ) ... he 's a victim of noble character . hagen and when he noble character get he kill , what about you ? ari ( brighten ) with you on one side and I on the other , how can we lose ? -- good luck , hagen . ari grab he and give he a kiss . hagen hug he back , not fight it . ext . a trail into the mountain - day the small caravan of twenty horse wind up a trail leave Jerusalem in the background . hagen , wear the Islamic style armor , ride among ten mount guard with ambu at the lead . four camel be at the center of the caravan . two be pack animal ; one carry a large cage of home pigeon ; and the fourth carry the howdah in which leila ride with sheba . hagen canter up from the rear and ride alongside the howdah . int . the howdah - day through a gap in the tapestry that cover the howdah , leila watch hagen . Pov leila hagen be in profile ; he face frame by the ornate moslem helmet and shine neck guard of chain . his muscular arm be bare from the shoulder and flex as he hold the rein . 81 . leila watch he for several second . somehow feeling she gaze , hagen turn and they eye meet for a instant . then he spur he horse ahead . leila look at ' shéba who have see she look at he . sheba smile . leila you lucky little devil . they both laugh . sheba do the princess envy the odalisque ? leila ( whisper , gently teasing ) the princess envie the freedom of she slave . be he ...? sheba he release the desire in he flesh , but not in he heart . he will still wander in the night . leila say nothing . she turn she head and gaze out through the open in the howdah . ext . a camp - night gnawing a lamb bone , hagen walk from the guard who laugh and joke in they native African tongue . he pass leila 's tent where she shadow move in the light of a lantern . hagen climb rock above the camp and settles to eat . pick at he bone he look down and see -- the rear of leila 's tent . the crisp shadow of leila 's nude form stand in the center . she laugh , reacting to the cold water of a sponge bath . hagen smile and pitch away the lamb . int . leila 's tent - night as sheba toy with the home pigeon , leila rinse the soap from she smooth skin , the silhouette of a man appear behind she on the tent . 82 . the silhouette draw a knife , cut a long slit in the tent , and step through . it be djarvat ! he lunge for heila , but sheba step between and try to fight he off . djarvat stab sheba in the belly and throw she to the ground . leila be about to scream when djarvat cover she mouth with he hand . outside in the camp Black clad figure move to a trio of sleep guard , slitting they throat without waking they . another of djarvat 's man slip a garrote around the throat of a guard and draw it tight . ambu check the horse to see that they be well tie . suddenly a arrow strike he in the back . Three more arrow strike he , and he shout out with warning and pain . ext , hill overlooking the camp - night hagen , lie on he back look at the star , scramble to he foot on hearing ambu 's cry . he look down at the camp , then dash toward it . hagen run past the body of the slain guard and come upon ambu , who lie on the ground , die . with he last breath , ambu look up at he comrade and gasp ... ambu the princess ... hagen take ambu 's spear and race through the camp . int . leilax tent - night djarvat restrain leila as three of he black - clad follower tie she up . grabbing djarvat 's dagger from he waistband , she slashes the face of one of he man . djarvat seize she wrist , painfully force she to drop the knife , then whacks she across the face as the other finish tie she up . ext . the camp - night in a series of shot a black -robe archer load he bow as hagen sprint through the camp , before he can release the arrow , hagen hurl the. spear and skewer he . 83. leila be drag by djarvat and two man toward they horse . another follow with the cage of home pigeon . hagen run into view ahead of they . one of djarvat 's man , scimitar in hand , spin to face hagen , who be unarm , hagen charge in a insane frenzy , grab the man and smashes he skull with a blow of he fist . leila , she hand and foot tie , be sling over a horse in front of djarvat . hagen snatch a tent pole and rush djarvat and the other as they scramble to escape . slam one man in the face , he break the pole . he drive the splinter end through a second man . then from behind , hossein , the large of djarvat 's man , slam hagen with the iron pot from the fire . hagen spin , stunne , and be slam again to the ground . two other man jump he . hagen be hold face down and garrot . djarvat gasp as he see -- --- the huge cross on hagen 's back . djarvat a infidel ! hagen twist , fight for breath . Pov hagen he see leila , hold by two of djarvat 's 's man . a donkey be lead up . djarvat step to the animal and , while glaring at hagen , he draw a dagger across the creature 's throat . ext . the camp site - morning a few vulture have settle on the rock , gaze down at the dead which litter the camp . fly buzz in the morning sun as the camera pan to reveal the carcass of the donkey . from the anus of the animal project the head of aman . it be hagen . he have be sewn inside the carcass and leave to feed the maggot and hyenas that wander the camp , sniff at corpse . hagen groan as filthy slime and the gass of decomposition bubble up around he neck from the heat - bloat carcass . a carpet of fly lift from he face as he strain to move he head . the camera pan to show he full predicament : heavy leather thongs lace the belly of the animal , and hagen 's hand protrude through slit cut on either side . 84 . his wrist be bound with rawhide and he foot , thrust through hole in the animal 's chest , be tie at the ankle . a few foot away , a hyena stare at hagen , giggle with hunger - induce curiosity . when it approach to sniff hagen 's hand , he shout and the creature back off with a psychotic whine . hagen strain , tilting he head to see he hand . with great effort he flexe and draw they in . liis bound wrist squeeze against the donkey 's belly , cause liquid putrefaction and bubbles of gas to well up around he neck . from the belly slit the same nauseate ooze flow over the binding of magen 's wrist . when the rawhide be soak , hagen twist until he can move one wrist . he flexe again , force out more ooze . again he work to move he wrist . ext . the camp site ( later ) the sun hang low in the sky . hyenas , bolder now and join by jackal , surround the donkey carcass . hagen shout hoarsely as the circle of scavenger tighten , seek bite of live flesh . hagen flexe , compress the carcass and spurting out more liquid . a hyena lunge and snap at hagen 's hand , now cover with a layer frosting of putrescence . lubricate by the slippery ooze , one bind have be work well up onto hagen 's hand , close to the knuckle of he thumb . another hyena , with the most powerful jaw in the animal kingdom , easily tear a large chunk of meat from the donkey 's throat near hagen 's expose foot -- as he shout and wiggle he toe . a hyena snatch the buttock near hagen 's face , tear away flesh as hagen shout , growl , and grimace to drive he off . as the SUN lower , ° the pack of skulking hyenas move around he with ever- grow excitement . . : 85 . a hyena move in , intent on hagen 's hand , as the beast lunge , hagen writhes and with all he strength tear he hand from : the bind . as the animal leap back , hagen 's hand grab the slit in the carcass and , with a bellow , he begin tear it open . he pull the binding off he foot . dripping putrescence and gore , he emerge from the carcass like some creature - bear demi - ~ GOD . as hagen drag himself away , the hyenas savagely attack the expose donkey innard . ext . the desert - pre-dawn wind blow a veil of sand over low hill barren of vegetation . a lone figure appear on foot against the pink of the morning sky . he carry a African spear . hagen , he face mask to the eye by a black kaffiyah take from one of djarvat 's dead , follow djarvat 's trail . ext . a deserted mosque - sunrise partially ruin , a small mosque stand among some palm in a otherwise barren desert wilderness . forty black -robed tribesmen be campe outside , gather around cook fire . they horse be corral nearby . int . mosque - sunrise leila , still bound hand and foot , lie on the floor . djarvat enter and walk toward she with a menace gait . leila ravage I and my father will have you stone . duarvat I would not defile myself with a woman during jihad . and never with the daughter of a coward . djiarvat remove a pigeon from the cage take from the camp . . djarvat this bird will carry a note to you father . as he talk he remove a small piece of paper from a sleeve pocket . 86 . djarvat it demand he abandon he pathetic effort at truce and launch war ... unless he want you lovely face cut away and send to he as a remembrance . djarvat lean down . djarvat how do you suppose he ’1ll react to a note scent by you perfume ? as djarvat rub the note along leila 's cheek she suddenly turn and bite he hand like a wild animal . she hang on like a bulldog as djarvat twist and kick she to free himself he glare at she , he rage tinged with fear , then leave with the pigeon . ext . mosque - day djarvat emerge from the mosque and toss the bird into the air . the pigeon circle over the encampe army and , have get it 's bearing , head away . as it pass a promontory which overhang the encampment , a pan reveal ... hagen , who peek over the edge down at the mosque . from a SMALL minaret , a muezzin' chant call the faithful to prayer . all the soldier unroll prayer rug and kneel face Mecca . as hagen watch , try to devise a plan , he hear buz around he head . he look up and notice a bee hive hang high in a nearby tree . he get a idea . hagen reach he spear up into the tree and stab the hive . he pull it away from the branch and waggle the spear back and forth , violently shaking the bee . the insect swarm from the nest like a loud , dark cloud , cover the spear and get close to hagen . use the spear like a vaulting pole , hagen fling the hive into the center of the soldier . the bee follow the hive with they queen . ext . mosque - day the hive burst open amid the praying Moslems , release a cloud of furious wasp . the man be immediately under attack . the black -robe fanatics abandon they prayer and rush about madly , swatting themselves and zigzagge erratically . several slice at the air with they scimitar . other hurl themselves into a well . behind they , hagen , dress in black robe , dash toward the mosque unnotice . int . mosque - day djarvat react to shout outside . he rise and go to the oor , int . / ext . mosque doorway - day djarvat , scimitar in hand , peer warily out of the mosque . suddenly , hagen grab he by the beard , yank he out , and hurl he forward . dijarvat 's beard and facial skin tear from he face , and he tumble to the ground , scream . hagen look at he , then at the beard in he hand . hagen it look better on you . hagen toss the beard at djarvat , snatch he scimitar , and enter the mosque . int . the mosque - day hagen enter and go to leila , who be astonished and overjoy to see he . he pull she to she foot and cut away she bond with the scimitar . he take she by the hand and lead she to the door . ext . mosque ~- day the army be still in chaos from the bee attack . djarvat , he face red and raw , grab the first three soldier he see and point at hagen and leila , who be run toward the corral . djarvat get they ! do not let she get away ! the swordsman charge hagen and leila . hagen cut down the first two in short order . the third hang back , afraid as hagen and leila back into the corral . djarvat now send twenty black -robe storming toward they . djarvat kill they !. , . kill they ! 8&. hagen cut the rope hold the horse , then shout and slap they into a stampede . as they course around he , he and leila grab the mane of two beast and mount they bareback . the attack soldier be block by the charge horse which flood through the camp like a raging river . hagen and leila gallop away amid the thunder herd as djarvat 's tribesman chase they on foot . djarvat watch , infuriate , as he hostage and he steed disappear over a crest . he shake the soldier stand next to he , who be still nursing he bee sting . djarvat the horse ! get the horse ! ext . a verdant stream - day leila sit on a rock under a canopy of lush foliage , wash she foot , as hagen water the horse and fill a water bag . he cross to she and offer it . she drink . leila my uncle 's estate be no longer safe . my father will be in caesaria , near the coast , try to send envoy to the crusader . you must take I there . leila look at he and drink again . she speak between gulp . leila you will be well reward . my father be very generous with slave . hagen take the water bag back . hagen I be no longer a slave . as hagen drink leila stiffen slightly with concern . leila do that mean you be no longer loyal ? hagen it mean I be first of all loyal to myself . . leila study he a beat . leila listen , I have need of you and you have need of I . hagen regards she almost bemuse . leila on you own what chance do you have to find you fellow barbarian ? do you know the way ? hagen to the North . leila suddenly laugh uncontrollably at the notion . sullen at she arrogance . leila that 's good . to the North ? this be you . ( imitate ) '' please effendi , could you show I the way North so I can join the infidel invader . " they 's 1l show you . they 's 1ll put you head on a pike and face it North . leila laugh again . hagen be force to smile as he she see he smile and stop laugh . leila take I and you will have you freedom . by my faith I swear it . hagen walk she horse over to she and boost she up . climb onto he own mount . hagen so which way be caesaria ? leila answer with a smile . leila follow I . ext . ibn khaldun 's camp near caesaria - day of ive hagen be watch she . he then a group of tent on a open plain fly the various banner of Islam . a old man hurry through the camp past potentate and advisor . he come to a elaborate tent where . he be stop by a guard . hand ‘he hold the pigeon . in he 90 , old man I must see the emir . this bird have come with a message of great urgency . int . the tent ~- day Ibn khaldun sit before yacub , ari , and other , hold the scent letter from djarvat . the Old man who bring the pigeon stand in the background gently stroking the bird . the mood in the tent be very tense . after several second Ibn khaldun turn to yacub . ibn khaldun recall the envoy . there will be no talk of truce ... the emir look at he counsellor with pain in he eye . ibn khaldun May Allah forgive I ... I have no choice . the man say nothing , sense the agony of he decision . ext . a mountain trail - day hagen and leila , now wear a rind of dust , ride wearily through the day . see a stand of tree ahead , hagen speak . hagen wait here ! leila wait while hagen draw he sword and ride ahead . reaching the tree hagen peer around in all direction . there be no chance of ambush and he wave to leila . he watch as she ride up with the grace of a bear horsewoman , and they continue side by side . leila Al - hagen , when you be take slave , be you take from a wife ? hagen no . leila there be no one ? hagen no . leila in you land , be you a noble ? 91 hagen no . I be a serf . leila . you say that with pride . hagen why not ? leila so , you have no use for a spoiled princess ... hagen you ride well , ... we have not eat or rest and you do not complain . maybe you be not really a princess . leila iam . I be descend from the bedouin , ... a desert people whose life be very hard . and I too be proud . ext , a wilderness - dusk hagen and leila descend from the mountain into a beautiful alpine valley . forested mountain rise on each side . in the distance , in the direction which they travel , a small farmhouse can be see . as they approach the farmhouse , a old farmer and he wife emerge and smile a friendly greeting . int . the farmhouse - night hagen and leila be seat on the floor eat stew with flat bread . the Old Farmer and he wife watch they , occasionally tempting they with choice piece of meat . the Old Farmer notice that hagen 's plate be empty . old farmer more . hagen smile at he . hagen I can not eat more . it be very good , thank you . old farmer there be a room above the stable . you and you wife must stay the night . will we leila and hagen exchange a look . hagen sense what might be a uncomfortable situation . hagen we be grateful , but we have no time . the Old Farmer nod acceptance . after a beat of silence , leila suddenly speak . leila no , ... I ' be very tired . hagen be surprised at she response . leila my husband and I will accept you hospitality . leila smile at hagen who feel momentarily very awkward . ext . the farmhouse - night the Old Farmer walk they to the stable , give they a lantern and wish they good night . old farmer May God bless you both . a wind stir in the tree that shade the farm courtyard as hagen and leila enter the stable . int . the stable - night hagen bolt the door against the wind then he raise the lantern and look around . a simple ladder lead to a loft above the stall . aside from several horse that watch they curiously , they be very much alone . hagen offer leila the lantern . hagen I all sleep here on the hay . leila . no. hagen look at she . leila to they we be man and wife . if you sleep here they 'il think we quarrele . leila take the lantern . leila come. 93 . she climb the ladder . hagen look up as she hike she robe expose the white skin of she leg . he follow . int . the loft + night they climb into the loft and leila set down the lantern . see a roll of cotton bedding she take it and spread it on the straw . hagen watch she but remain back a way . leila remove she head cover and begin sorting she hair with she finger . in the soft light of the lamp she beauty be breathtaking . leila in the palace when I first look at you , ... I want you . hagen you do not know I . leila I know what I feel ... have you feel nothing for I ? hagen what a slave feel for he mistress . leila cut through he feign indifference with a look both know and innocent . leila just tell I that you have want I . hagen I nve want you ... very much . leila take a jewell Hand of fatima from around she neck . hagen what 's this ? she speak as she fasten the chain on hagen 's neck . leila a-gift that a bride give to the man who first show she love . I have always fear that on this night fate would put I with someone for whom I feel no desire . but now I thank Allah , who have put I with you . hagen smile . hagen I thank Allah , too . 94 . she reach she hand toward hagen . he take it in he own and lower himself beside she . he gently touch she cheek . leila raise she face to he and they lip touch . leila I have wait so long . hagen 's arm envelope she . they kiss and he lay she back on the bedding . he savor the softness of she skin as he open she robe , expose she breast . leila 's passion suddenly surge and she pull hagen close , draw he to the act of love . ext . the valley - dawn the soft light of earliest dawn bring pastel hue to the valley and the small farm . int . the stable - dawn leila be awake , study hagen as he sleep . she reach for a pitcher of water and raise it to drink . it be empty . ext . stable area - dawn leila exit the stable like a peasant bride , carry the pitcher . cross to the well , she notice that the sheep and cow be run loose , bleat and low with agitation . leila lower the bucket into the well when she see the Old Farmer and he wife lie on the ground , dead . waldemar appear behind she . his lecherous grin say it all . he like what he see . _ waldemar good morning . leila spin and she eye quickly dart around look for escape . Three more of emmich 's man stand behind she . a pimply youth hold several pillage chicken by the leg and a potato - face peasant finger cream from a bucket . a ugly brute with a toothless grin drop he sack and massage he codpiece . leila slam waldemar with the pitcher and try to run , but she be catch by the Ugly brute . a huge chain mail glove cover she mouth . waldemar step up , he face bleed . he glance around the farmyard then see a manure pile . waldemar . over there . face down in the shit heap with she ass in the air . the pimply youth , still stroking he codpiece , giggle . will ul pimply youth I be second . they push leila toward the manure and shove she to she knee while waldemar unty he pants . as she face be push toward the maggoty filth , she chew at the glove hand . kick and writhe , she face be almost in the manure . the other knight howl with laughter . the pimply youth look around and see ... Pov pimply youth the rest of the forage party be head in they direction . the pimply youth speak to waldemar . pimply youth hurry , or we will have to share she with the other . faldemar heave up she skirt and position himself to sodomize er . suddenly , a trident pitchfork strike he from behind . a prong appear from he face , another from he throat , stifling he scream of agony . . hagen stand in the hayloft above and draw a scimitar . waldemar rise , claw wildly at the prong while he choke on he own blood . as he spin , the handle slam the face of the Ugly brute hold leila . she break free and run . hagen vault down to a shed roof , leap into the farm yard , and charge the’ man . the pimply youth rush he , sword draw . a blow from hagen 's scimitar drop he . hagen ( to leila ) go! ride to you father ! the Ugly brute slam hagen with a club , knock he down . leila run for the stable . as the Ugly brute raise he club to brain he , hagen drive the scimitar into he gut . the brute fall and he hand lock on hagen 's throat . hagen work the scimitar and the brute gurgle and die . 96 . leila ride out of the stable with a extra horse -- but a dozen crusader have already charge into the farmyard and be converge on hagen . powerless to save he , leila gallop away . hagen turn and see above he a horse rear back on two leg like a dragon . the beast strike out with its hoof , pummel he in the head and chest . hagen fall to the ground , reeling . crusader draw up and surround he , keep he distant with they lance point . ivo , emmich 's other lackey , gallop through the formation and look down at he prisoner . after a beat of disbelief , he smile . ivo now here indeed be a prize . ext , rocky pass above the farm - day leila reach the pass and turn . see that hagen be take captive , she choke back sorrow and ride on . camera crane up to reveal the other side of the pass . djarvat and he horsemen lic in wait for leila on the oppose ridgetop . djarvat nod , and they ride down the slope . ext . the crusader camp - day a vast plain cover with tent and makeshift dwelling stretch before the eye as ivo ride past . hagen be bound with he arm yoke over a log . a rope around he neck lead to ivo 's saddle , and he be drag at a trot . the man of the raid party follow with cart of grain and slaughter carcass of sheep . hagen gaze around as he be lead through the outer fringe of the camp . this be the realm of the peasant and pilgrim that follow and serve the army . they appearance have become more savage since leave Europe . some push forward , glaring threateningly at the grain wagon . four man try to pull a sack free . they be beat back by ivo 's man , who seem inure to the face of savagery around they . hagen turn at the sound of jeer and see ~ -- 97 . the harlot wagon the whore howl and hoot at hagen as he be pull past . some nfurse baby and the face of the filthy toddler can be see peek from behind they skirt . the madman appear and recognize hagen . madman hagen life ! risen from the dead ! lazarus , lazarus ! he have return ! hagen be drag on toward a small hill where the knight 's tent be set , each fly the pennant of he lord . godfrey 's banner be the most common , Knights emerge from they tent to see what the excitement be about . ivo lead hagen into a area where emmich 's color and pennant proliferate . camera pan with hagen and we see that emmich 's '' territory '' stretch on a on , indicate a frightful predominance . at the center of this domain be a huge tent , by far the large in the camp . ext , emmich 's tent - day a dozen lead knight enjoy a afternoon orgy . lithe circassian woman dance around drunken warrior who lie like pretzel in various stage of fornication . emmich , wear only a codpiece and a turban , pick he way through the celebrant , lead a frighten thirteen year old girl by the hand . baldwin of chartre , godfrey 's former ally , lounge between young captive of both sex . baldwin emmich , my friend ... you like they small ? emmich squeeze he girl 's pubescent nipple through the transparent gauze of she top . she wince and both man laugh . emmich closer to bone the sweeter the meat . baldwin extend he goblet . baldwin to the sweetmeat of Jerusalem ... and you kingly rule . 98 . emmich be about to drink when he hear the ranting of the madman in the distance , '' hagen ! hagen of the crass ! hagen ! hagen of the Cross ! " he lower he cup and wade to the front of the tent . he look outside . clear he fuzzy vision and see ... Pov emmich hagen be lead toward he . emmich 's joy be spoiled by what seem like a bad dream . the other debauch knight peer out of the tent and whisper to each other . voice be it he ? be that hagen ? emmich push away he nymphet and hastily pull on he breech as he step outside . ext . emmich 's tent - day emmich stride forward to meet hagen . his drink buddy follow , half -dress . crusader of all kind gather to watch the impending reunion . ivo reign he horse , and hagen be jerk to a stop in front of emmich . ivo he kill waldemar . emmich 's face darken as he see he cousin 's body sling over a horse . infuriate , he spot a nearby knight hold a mace and chain . emmich snatch the weapon from its owner and wrap the chain around he hand . he turn to hagen and swing the spike iron ball . it make a terrifying sound as it shred the air . ivo sidle up to emmich and whisper in he ear . ivo we catch he with a arab whore . emmich nastound ) he be with a woman ? ivo nod . emmich 's jaw clenches with double fury . emmich '' then this will hurt . he advance on hagen and sling the mace at he crotch . hagen crumple to he knee . | we xc swing the mace , emmich circle hagen and address all assemble . emmich this man , now dress in moslem rag , be a traitor to we faith . he must die . with a mighty pitch , emmich bashes hagen in the rib with the mace . hagen lurch forward and balance himself on one end of he log yoke . emmich edge in front of hagen , whirling the mace with one hand and touch he own disfigure face with the other . smiling , he aim a mutilate blow at hagen 's head . hagen abruptly twist and the mace wrap around the yoke near he neck , chain stretch taut . hagen pivot , jerk emmich toward he . then he rotate he shoulder , brain emmich with the other end of the yoke . the force of the attack fling emmich and hagen away from each other onto they back . both struggle to get to they foot . ivo and the potato - face peasant kick hagen onto he back and stand on he yoke . emmich slowly approach hagen , swinging the mace , intent on deliver a deathblow . the SOUND of bell distract he . he turn and see that a path be be clear through the surround crowd for adhemar . the old bishop walk falteringly , weaken by the long campaign . godfrey and he knight follow . emmich God 's ball ... here come the skirt . adhemar pause , see hagen . his expression brighten . adhemar he be alive . adhemar gaze around at the man that surround hagen . adhemar why be he bound ? untie he at once ! emmich this man desert we cause and serve the enemy of Christ . look , he wear a moslem amulet ! emmich point to the Hand of fatima around hagen 's neck . adhemar be shocked . adhemar I would hear you defense , hagen . 100 . hagen he sell I to the Moslems as a slave . I escape and be capture by he man . emmich lying scum ! -- I have condemn this filthy serf to death ! godfrey grandstand to the knight . godfrey emmich think he be already King of Jerusalem . emmich a crown reserve for godfrey , no doubt . godfrey turn to adhemar . godfrey Bishop , this dispute should be settle by a duel of justice . let God decide who tell the truth . the knight around they echo godfrey 's suggestion . hagen glare at emmich . . hagen yes , let we fight . adhemar this can be settle after Jerusalem be take . until then , we must fight the enemy who would wipe we all from the earth . adhemar turn to hagen , still tie to the log . adhemar hagen , be you with we ? hagen you grace , not all Moslems seek we death . in Jerusalem , I see Christians live in peace , free to worship at we shrine . emmich you hear that ? he call the Pope a liar . hagen the leader of Jerusalem want no part of war . he come to offer truce to pray within he wall . gl. a murmur pass through the crusade . adhemar can he be trust , this infidel ? hagen I know this . he will not attack we unless we attack first . thwack ! a arrow narrowly miss hagen and skewer adhemar in the chest . for a instant , everyone be freeze . then they look at the ... hilltop above they . Black -robe archer on horseback line the ridge , bow load and ready to shoot . djarvat sit on he black horse , hold the empty bow he just fire . at he side , Ibn khaldun sit grimly astride he horse . hagen be stunne . ivo point to the opposite hilltop . ivo look ! opposite hilltop a arab army surround they on all side . cavalry . infantry . phalanxes of archer . djarvat look expectantly at ibn khaldun . Ibn khaldun give the signal , and the archer fire a round of arrow into the sky . ext . crusader camp thousands of arrow rain into the camp . godfrey to arm ! we be under attack . the crusader run for cover . brother Bernard and several acolyte carry adhemar away . djarvat lift he sword high over he head . with the cry , '' La ilalhu illa Allah ! '' he spur he horse forward . his soldier take up the cry and chargé behind he down the hillside . ibn khaldun give the signal , and he legion of archer gallop down all the hillside of the valley , encircle the crusader . in ext . crusader camp the crusader rush for they armor and weapon , except : for emmich . emmich this traitor lead they to we . emmich pick up a rock and step toward hagen , prepare to bash in he skull . still tie to a log , nagen be helpless to resist . suddenly , whack ! codfrey slice through the rope that bind one of hagen 's wrist to the yoke . whack ! he cut through the other rope , and hagen be free . emmich glare at godfrey . godfrey kill he later if you want . now we need he . godfrey rush off to arm himself . emmich and hagen be leave face each other with a arab army bear down on they at full speed . finally , emmich throw down he stone and storm off toward the squire who hold he armor . all around hagen , footsoldier arm themselves with pike and halberd . peasant grab shovel and pitchfork . hagen take what be available -- a scythe . mounted archer gallop around the encircle crusade , fire arrow after arrow in rapid succession . crusader be strike in vast number . the common soldier and peasant take position behind wagon and makeshift barricade . hagen be stick in the middle of the crusader , unable to fight a enemy that whirl around he , out of reach . adhemar grimace as a surgeon cut the arrow from he chest . around he , monk : lead peasant in singing a hymn . ibn khaldun signal he infantry , which advance downhill toward the crusader . 103 . the emir remain on the hilltop in command of the cavalry . each moslem knight be equip with a long sharp lance and a round shield . godfrey and emmich ride at the head of the disorganize knight as they trot through the camp to the front , carry lance and kite - shape shield . trumpets blare in a hollow call to arm . the moslem infantry now engage the frankish footsoldier . injured and demoralize by they heavy loss , the Christians be no match for they inspire saracen counterpart . the madman wander through the battle ranting and rave . all around he soldier perish , but he be magically unscathed . madman smite they ! Victory ! Army of Christ ! hagen be rise ! hallelujah ! hagen battle arab footsoldier with the scythe . like the grim reaper , he mow they down at the ankle . he whacks another with the stem and spike a attacker in the top of the head with the point of the blade . . the crusader knight reach the open field outside the raging battle . godfrey raise he hand , and the knight form themselves into a line . he clasp he hand in a moment of prayer , and the knight around he do the same . on a hilltop Ibn khaldun signal he eager cavalry to wait for the crusader to finish they prayer . facing off , the crusader lift they lance . the moslem horseman do the same . al the trumpet 's call , the knight lunge ahead with the call , " God will it ! '' Ibn khaldun lead the Moslems downhill with the call , '' LA illahu ila allah ! '' 104 . the battle the two mount army , each shouting the battle cry of they faith , drive toward each other and collide at full gallop . Ibn khaldun 's lance drive into the eye-slit of a knight 's helmet and out the back . emmich deflect the lance of a moslem charge and swipe the man with he sword , disembowel he . godfrey slay he opponent , but all around he , Moslems decimate the crusader knight in a one-side battle . baldwin of chartres be run through the chest . moslem archer ride the flank of battle , pick target . they shoot as they stand in they stirrup or from beneath the belly of they horse as they swing beneath . godfrey shield himself against the rain of arrow , but other be hit . horse rear and fall . a arrow strike emmich 's arm , he yank it out . the instant the arrow stop , moslem rider charge from the opposite side . before the crusader can turn they mount , they be strike by moslem swordsman . djarvat and he horsemen break through crusader - line and penetrate into the heart of the camp . shout '' Allah akbar !* , they hack down peasant and footsoldier . adhemar and the monk sink to they knee and pray , await martyrdom . woman , child , and peasant have form a ring of prayer around they . hagen block the downward blow of a arab scimitar with he scythe handle and with a loud whoosh cut off the arab 's arm . hagen drop the scythe and take the scimitar from the detach hand . now armed with a legitimate weapon , hagen wade through the sea of battle . dodging the collide haunch of horse , he hack down a enemy footsoldier , then put on the chest armor from a fall crusader knight . before the armor be secure , a moslem swordsman attack from the rear on foot , but hagen blindly slice he throat with a dervish - like backward spin . hagen grab a round moslem shield from the ground and with one motion parry the attack of two more moslem swordsman . defeat they , he exchange he scimitar for a straight crusader broadsword which he take from a dead knight . 105 . the sword and its hilt make a cross . hagen kiss the blade , fortify to have he accustom weapon . from the rear of the battle , arab archer launch flame arrow into the crusader camp . the CENTER of the camp be suddenly illuminate by burn missile . arrow arc over a landscape of dead and die , strike tent and cart which burst into flame . it seem the fire of armageddon have come . adhemar turn to brother Bernard . adhemar this be we punishment . God have forsaken we . overwhelmed and outnumbered , the crusader knight fall back . emmich , fight savagely , be knock off he horse by a mighty blow . godfrey ride among the rank of man , exhort they to fight , godfrey turn back and fight ! Christ fight with you ! hagen Three archer line up in a row take aim at some crusader . hagen charge they with he broadsword , run they through like a kabob . he place he foot near the hilt of he sword and draw out the fully - bury blade . he find a dead frankish knight and exchange he moslem shield for a kite - shape crusader shield . he put on crusader shoulder armor , and yank the open-face helmet from the dead crusader 's head . hagen be start to look like himself again . emmich , horseless , wade among the rank of man , use he sword to drive terrify soldier back to battle . emmich fight until the arrow find you ! 106 . some drop to they knee and take up the hymn of martyrdom . emmich prod they to they foot . emmich fight ! or beg for death when they pound stake up you ass ! hagen look around and see a moslem footsoldier try to mount a crusader horse . he slay the arab and heave himself into the saddle . he shove the helmet over he head . now hagen be once more a complete knight . a large cloud of smoke , backlit by flame , engulf the camp . Moslems flash by on they horse like demonic shadow . the crusader be retreate en masse . hagen wheel around on he horse and see a crusader on the ground , besiege on all side . seize a pike from a footsoldier , he gallop to save he . use the hook , he snatch a moslem off the knight and hurl he away . he stab another with the pike . the crusader struggle to he foot . turn to face hagen , he lift he helmet and laugh . it 's emmich . ivo ride up with a horse for emmich , and he mount , still laugh at hagen as he retreat before the moslem onslaught . even godfrey must retreat as Ibn khaldun 's knight rout the crusader back into they smoke - enshroud camp . only hagen hold he ground . engulf by the advance moslem cavalry , he fight like a berserker . then he disappear into the spread smoke . the crusader army degenerate into panic . Soldiers turn tail and run . other kneel around adhemar , ' praying as they await final martyrdom . 107 . djarvat and he horsemen charge the circle of prayer , slay unarm monk with great relish . the madman retreat with the army , spout nonsensical prophecy . look over he shoulder , he see something so astounding that he stop run , stop ranting ~- and watch in awe . madman' Pov on the wall of smoke a remarkable vision appear . project onto the dark cloud by the backlight of the set sun be the huge mount silhouette of a crusader knight on horseback -- a gigantic shadow warrior . the shadow warrior fight off Moslems who attack he two and three at a time . the madman sieze flee crusader and violently force they turn around . madman look ! look ! monk and peasant cross themselves upon see the holy apparition . madman Christ ! on the cloud of heaven ! the Lord have come ! a hysteria spread through the crowd . _. voice Jesus be here ! Christ have come to deliver we ! godfrey , emmich , adhemar stare at the giant silhouette , struggle to comprehend its meaning . there Pov : the apparition a moslem horseman charge out of the cloud of smoke directly at camera like the angel of . death , sword hold high , shouting in Arabic -- the epitome of jihad . the shadow warrior turn toward the terrifying saracen and throw he sword like a javelin . the sword fly out of the dense smoke and strike the moslem through the back like a thunderbolt . when the moslem keel forward , the sword arc straight up like a triumphant cross , surround by a mystical aureole of sunlight . 108 . emmich and godfrey gasp in wonder . _ godfrey God be with we ! turn and fight ! / emmich : fight , you coward ! God will victory ! Knights pick up the cry , '' God will it . " like a wave , the resolve to fight spread through the entire army . the shadow warrior ride out of the cloud and the smoke around he disperse . the madman be the first to recognize he . it be hagen ! madman hagen ! hagen be Lord ! maranatha ! hagen retrieve he sword from the saracen 's back . when he look up , he see that half the crusade be stare at he in awe . hagen pause for a breath , then raise he sword high . hagen fight for you life ! follow may hagen turn he horse and lead the crusader in a charge . ibn khaldun be astound to see the crusader riding toward he . at the threshold of victory , the Moslems hesitate . and in that moment , the tide of battle shift . trumpets blare , rallying the Christians . hagen , godfrey , emmich lead the way , riding in small group into a sea of Moslems . inspire by faith , the crusader battle fearlessly , savagely , press forward , the heavily armore knight close on the more lightly armored saracen . Fighting in tight quarter , the Moslems be overpower . ibn khaldun and he knight slowly retreat before the onslaught , fill the gap , bravely fight but lose ground . be ° .o djarvat and he men be attack in the middle of the camp by peasant and footsoldier wild with the scent of blood . with they pike and and club and shovel , the lowest of the crusader overwhelm the black horseman , pull several to the ground and mash they to a pulp . the peasant converge on djarvat and try to drag he out of the saddle . he hack at they , but the crusader keep come . djarvat panic . djarvat . retreat ! retreat ! this Christians be possess ! djarvat wheel he horse and trampel that who hamper he retreat . he and he black -robe gallop through the camp , pursue by the fanatical crusader . ibn khaldun watch in disbelief as djarvat and he man flee the field of battle . many of he beleaguere knight , see this betrayal , abandon they orderly retreat and flee for they life . a body of crusader . pursue the route Moslems , inflict terrible loss . ibn khaldun , abandon by half he army , fight on with the stalwart remnant . hagen see Ibn khaldun in the middle of the fray and drive he horse towards he . Ibn khaldun see hagen . they eye meet and hagen shout . hagen leila escape ! she be safe ! ibn khaldun no ! djarvat have she still ! hagen be astound . Ibn khaldun nod with share regret . Ibn khaldun look around and see there be no hope . he turn to hagen , a face he can.trust . he shout to he color guard . / ibn khaldun Strike color ! Strike color ! 110 . the banner be throw down . hagen yell at the crusader around he . . hagen give they quarter ! they surrender ! some of the man back off . godfrey echoe the shout . godfrey they have strike they color ! give they quarter ! suddenly , there be a blood-curdling shriek . emmich , ivo , and a party of he man ride on the moslem command , who have now lower they sword . Ibn khaldun manage a last look toward hagen as he be cut down by emmich . hagen ride into the tray and restrain two crusader , but he be powerless to stop the bloodbath . he turn away from what quickly become a slaughter . peasant and footsoldiers flood forward with they tool and weapon to beat the life from the remain Moslems as they desperately scramble for escape . crusader woman and child join the fray , chase a crawl moslem , hack at he with sickle and hoe . hagen react with disgust while knight laugh and shout encouragement . djarvat turn and look at the pitiful remnant of a mighty arab army . bitter and ashame@ , he ride for the hill with the survivor . around hagen , the cry , '' Jerusalem , God will it ! " begin and become a chorus . but hagen be silent . ext . a stream bank - dusk alone , hagen wash he face beside a stream . in the distance the cry and chant of the crusader can still be hear . sitting back he remove the '' Hand of fatima '' which leila give he , holding it in he palm , he think of leila . in a sudden rage , hagen tear at he white tunic decorate with the crimson cross , symbol of the crusade . he rip the garment in two and throw it ’on the ground . then behind he he hear a SOUND . hagen 's hand go to he weapon . rising , he peer into the surround forest and see -- lll . a white horse stare at he from the foliage . the animal nicker and step out , it wear a bridle , saddle , and blood-stain trapping emblazon with crimson cross . hagen smile recognize he old mare that be lose when he sail from bari . hagen it 's you . the white horse nod and step forward . hagen step to it and stroke its head . hagen what a smart girl you be . how do you find I ? the mare nuzzle he . hagen glance again at the Hand of fatima which he still hold . hagen tf you can find I , I can find she . ext . the crusader camp - night hagen return to the camp lead the white horse , from which he have remove all the trapping . there be a celebratory mood around he . crusader drink and carouse in victory . the harlot 's cart be do a land office business . the madman see hagen and proclaim he arrival . madman the saviour ! hagen of the Cross ! deliver we from evil ! crusader of all type turn toward hagen , cross themselves , touch he reverently . many fall in behind hagen , follow he as he walk . hagen ignore they all , want no part of this crusade . brother bernard emerge from the shadow ahead and call to he . brother bernard hagen , ... brother Bernard approches he . 112 . brother bernard Bishop adhemar send I to find you . his wound be quite grave . there be not much time . hagen nod wearily and follow the monk . his unwelcome entourage trail behind . int . adhemar' tent - night hagen , still wear body armor , step into a large tent . monk kneel in prayer around adhemar 's bed . a triangular death mask of black velvet embroider with a silver skull be beside the pillow . brother Bernard whisper to the old man that hagen have come . adhemar , breathe in short gasp look up at he . adhemar hagen , ... hagen say nothing . he wait uneasily as adhemar whisper to brother Bernard who motion the other to leave . adhemar gesture hagen to sit beside he . adhemar sit by I . hagen sit . adhemar reach out and touch he arm . adhemar ; I be die . help I to die in peace . hagen look at the old man , at a loss for word . hagen what can I do ? adhemar I fear deeply that I have fail God . I be torment by the horror , ...by the suffer , that i have allow in he name . hagen see the mortal terror in adhemar 's eye . adhemar you be choose by God . it must be you who take the Cross . hagen the cross ? 113. adhemar the true Cross in the Holy sepulchre . take it and rule . you alone be bless . hagen agonize over what he can say . finally . hagen no , Bishop , I be not bless . adhemar shake he head in a denial of hagen 's word . he grip hagen 's arm with a sudden rush of strength . adhemar you bear he sign . follow God 's will . hagen I know nothing of God 's will . hagen speak without look at adhemar . hagen the cross on my back be a brand that I burn on myself to escape hang . my dream be alla ie ... hagen turn to adhemar . hagen I deceive you . adhemar lie with he eye open . he be dead , but he expression imply he be at peace . hagen rise from the bed and back away . a monk move past he from the door , kneel , and begin praying . another cross to adhemar , close he eye and place the death mask over he face . as hagen move away the tent gradually fill with clergy , intone prayer for adhemar . ext . the crusader army - outside jerusalem - dawn a huge choir sing praise of the Lord as the vast army of crusader descend from the hill surround Jerusalem . the dome of the city gleam like gold in the sun 's first ray . godfrey walk at the lead , barefoot , wear a monk 's robe . behind he he large contingent of loyal knight follow in penitent procession . 114 , emmich ride on horseback at the head of he large camp of conqueror . hagen be next , astride he white horse . but follow he , the madman whip himself with a scourge , a few step ahead of a legion of follower -- hundred of footsoldier , peasant , and humble knight , all fanatically devote to the miraculous hagen of the Cross . the sight of the wall city excite they to a frenzy . many throw away they shoe and stumble ahead , they bare foot tear and bloody from the rock . some crawl on they knee in penitence , hagen stare at the city try to peer through the wall . try to see leila . emmich drop back and wait for hagen . hagen ignore he , but emmich walk alongside . emmich hagen , I be in you debt . you save my life . hagen that be a mistake . emmich no , brother . even enemy can be useful to*each other . hagen glance suspiciously at emmich , who nod toward godfrey . emmich what do you gain if godfrey become king ? a handful of coin ? hagen whatever I can take . emmich if I wear the crown , you will have my land in France . we father 's estate will be yours . hagen 's eye betray a flash of interest . hagen you be a liar . emmich what need will I have for a hillside of grape when I be sit on herod 's throne ? we will never see each other again . 115 . hagen walk on a few step . hagen what do you want ? emmich only you love . -- and the loyalty of that who follow you . emmich glance back at hagen 's large army of supporter . hagen think for a moment , then turn amicably to emmich . hagen brother , before I see you King of Jerusalem ... {a beat ) I will wear the crown myself . hagen smile at he a beat , then march forward . emmich stop in place , seethe , as hagen 's army stream around he . ext . the wall of the CITY - day Moslems hoot and jeer from the height of the wall as crusader knight begin the construction of siege tower . ext . inner wall of jerusalem - day citizen under the supervision of the city 's guard pile bale of cotton against the gate . mason be walling across street to make interior barricade . a clatter of hoove . djarvat , iftikhar the Governor , and seven horseman ride at speed through the street . they stop at the gate of Ibn khaldun 's palace and djarvat , now clearly the leader of Jerusalem , shout to a guard . the gate open and they enter . int . ibn khaldun 's palace - a courtyard ~ day leila , in a veil of mourn , face djarvat in a small courtyard , surround by he black - robe minion . _ djarvat dugeq still desire you . tomorrow , you will leave for Damascus . leila I would rather die . djarvat indicate two of he man . 116 . djarvat they will see that do not happen . you should thank I , princess , ... dugaq promise to rout this Christians . after you father 's defeat , you might restore some honor to you name . leila my father seek peace . he die with he honor intact , a victim of you deception . int . a room off the courtyard - day in a darken room ari peer through the filigree and listen as djarvat give final order to he man , djarvat ( in the b.g. ) watch she carefully . i'11 arrange you departure for dawn . ext . the siege tower - afternoon hagen , apart from other worker , swing a axe , cut log into usable shape as part of the huge construction effort . as he work a lone monk , whose face be hide under a raise cowl , walk nearby spout verse to encourage the worker . lone monk heed the revelation ! wherein it tell of Jerusalem 's fall : '' forward pilgrim , death to all who have offended Christ ! '' hagen do not look up or pay attention as the monk approach , deliver he final pyord almost directly into hagen 's face . lone monk '' leave not woman nor child ! exterminate the filth and bring the day of redemption . '' have you the stomach for it , knight ? hagen look into the monk 's face . the monk be ari . after a quick smile of recognition , he grab hagen 's arm . _ ari come knight ! pray with I . 117 . ari move hagen a short distance away and kneel , pull hagen down beside he . hagen have you see leila ? be she well ? ari she be captive in the palace . djarvat rule now . hagen the battle begin tonight . tell she to stay hide till I arrive . ari . hagen , leila be in danger even beyond this madness . -- djarvat have sell she to dugaq . she will be carry to Damascus at dawn . hagen stand and ponder what to do . hagen take I to she . now . ari grab he arm and hold he . ari wait . there be a way through the wall , but not before sundown . ext . the wall of jerusalem - dusk by firelight huge siege tower be pull by hundred of man toward the the wall . emmich exhort he team to great effort . emmich pull ! soon you will all be rich} from the wall there be a sudden eruption of fireballs into the night sky . the fireballs arc out and strike among the crusader who pull the tower . they break , spread flame like napalm . a fireball break on the tower itself , set it afire . ext . atop the wall - dusk djarvat order squad of moslem soldier to quickly load clay ball , each with a burn fuse , into catapult . another barrage of Greek Fire ( fireballs ) be launch . 118 . ext . the siege tower - night godfrey command a bucket brigade that hoist bucket up the tower to control the fire . replacement , monk , commoner and even woman , step over the char body of fall comrade and take the rope . sing the anthem '' congregati sunt '' they drag the siege tower toward the wall . ext . a ruin near the base of the wall - night fireballs , launch from the wall above , explode near two run figure , illuminate ari and hagen . they scramble for cover in the rock as arrow , some tip with flame , whistle down on they from the wall . ari pull hagen down into a crawlway . they move on they belly and enter a hole through the rock that lead below . int . a ancient cistern ~ night slide down a steep slant face of stone , ari splashes into shallow water at the bottom . hagen come down in a control slide behind he . ari remove a ball of fire wool from he shirt and a oil soak torch . in the moonlight from the entrance he strike a flint and light a fire as hagen gaze around . the light of ari‘s torch illuminate a room where they stand ankle deep in filthy water . Animal bone be strewn throughout . hagen what be this place ? ari it be build to drain the blood of sacrifice from the Temple of Solomon , ... I play hide and seek here when I be a child . my first holy relic be gather from this bone . forced to a crouch , hagen follow ari into a passageway . ext , the siege - night in a series of shot under a hail of stone , arrow and Greek Fire , the siege tower be inched to the wall . a carpet of dead lay strewn behind , show the path they take . 119 . Soldiers crank the launcher of a mangonel . emmich supervise as he man whip moslem prisoner , force they to boost a huge rock into the catapult . emmich sight the weapon at a parapet order last minute adjustment . the weapon fire and a huge stone whistle up toward the city . atop the wall the stone shatter a wall and collapse a section of roof near djarvat , kill the moslem archer who use it for cover . djarvat barely escape be crush by a stone . outside the wall emmich laugh then turn , face the moslem prisoner . emmich more rock ! a prisoner there be no more , effendi . emmich stare at they in rage . he shout to ivo . emmich use they head . emmich and the other crusader attack the unarm prisoner , hack at they . head be pile into the launcher . the catapult spring . atop the wall djarvat and he troops be strike by a barrage of human head . iftikhar climb onto the parapet , trip over the grisly projectile . he approach djarvat in a panic . iftikhar send the princess now ! we need dugaq 's army ! djarvat look from he demoralize defender to the inflame crusader below . djarvat stay here . I ' ' 11 deliver she myself . . he climb down a ladder , leave iftikhar in command . 120 . ext . the wailing wall - night hagen and ari scramble from the cistern into the ruin of the Temple inside the wall of Jerusalem . near the Temple Gate , above they head be a whistling sound and a heavy crash as a rock slam into the roof of a building . they squeeze against a wall as brick cascade down in front of they . when the danger have pass they run for Ibn khaldun 's palace , ivo hold a torch to the oil - soak rag on the tip of a giant , ten - foot arrow that protrude from a massive , cannon -size , crossbow . a second arrow be light on another giant crossbow . a third . int . ibn khaldun' palace - night fire burn in the entry of the palace . a burn arrow crash through the ceiling . djarvat and four of he man hold leila as brick and burn timber fall around they . she struggle to get away and he smack she . he shove she down a flight of stair . ext . the courtyard - night the courtyard be light by the glow of fire from the burn palace . djarvat and he man emerge with leila between they . djarvat ( shouting order ) tie she on the horse , ... ( to another man ) ride ahead to the Gate . keep it open ! leila spit in he face . djarvat kick she in the stomach , and the man drag she to the horse . ext . the wall ~ night a full assault begin . the siege tower be push to the wall . under a hail of stone and Greek fire , the crusader knight climb the tower . atop the tower squad of crossbowman , archer , and soldier , hurl burn pitch , launch a fusillade against the Moslems guard the city wall , only twenty foot away . 121 . slowly , from the tower a bridge - like structure be cranke out toward the wall . ext , ibn khaldun 's palace gate - night djarvat and three man gallop out of the gate with leila and proceed down a busy street . they turn into ... ext , a deserted alley - night but rubble block they way . they swing around to retrace they step , but ... hagen and ari rush into the alley and block they retreat . in a series of shot djarvat rein he horse and draw a scimitar . the guard in front charge , scimitar raise . hagen gashes he side with a swing of he broadsword . djarvat try to turn he horse but ari lunge and grab the rein . in the struggle for control , djarvat 's horse shy , twist , and fall onto its side . as the third black - robe calm he steed , ari cut leila from she horse . djarvat spring to he foot , scimitar in hand . hagen rush toward he , brandish he larger broadsword . djarvat snatch the dead guard 's scimitar from the ground and mow face hagen with a weapon in both hand . a whirlwind of blade , djarvat . charge hagen , force he back . against such speed , hagen can not strike out with he bulky weapon , but only use its side to defend himself . he block a torrent of deadly blow , but djarvat 's blade strike closer and closer to flesh . missile from the crusader mangonel smash into the building above they , crumble its wall . hagen and djarvat be bombard by rubble and knock to the ground . ari yank leila safely into a doorway . the remain guard on horseback be bury under heavy stone . hagen dig through debris for the sword which drop from he hand . djarvat have lose one scimitar but still grip the other . he get to he feat . hagen find the hilt of he sword and grab it -- but djarvat already stand over he , scimitar raise high . djarvat smile . the scimitar begin its downward arc . 122. but a flashing blade sever he hand above the wrist ! djarvat twist in shock to see he spurting arm ... and leila , face contort with rage , hold a bloody scimitar . with eye hard as a falcon 's , leila hack down again , and again , and again ! djarvat topple to the ground , dead . hagen climb from a pile of debris and comfort leila , who shudder in he arm . ext . the wall by the siege tower - night under a hail of arrow and missile , Moslems drag a huge vat of burn oil to the wall . many be cut down as they dump it over the side . lower down the tower , man cranking wheel that extend the bridge be douse by burn oil . they fall away but other quickly take they place . the bridge touch the wall and godfrey shout the command to charge . led by emmich , the knight in heavy armor walk across the bridge , swinging they sword , hack a swath through the moslem guard . godfrey ( shouting ) to the Temple Gates ! open the gate ! ext . street of jerusalem - night hagen , leila , and ari be sweep along in a sea of terrify civilian . they turn and run toward the wailing Wall . at a intersection , they see the Temple Gate open , crusader footsoldier pour through . civilian , woman and child , be chase and hack down by the frenzied footsoldier . hagen , leila , and ari stop at the corner of a building and stare for a beat at the massacre . ari oniy one place be safe . the Holy sepulchre . they will spare the Christians . they turn and , follow he , race away . ext . the jewish quarter - night Jews run from they house as crusader swarm the street , torch whatever will burn . the hermit monk climb to a rooftop hold a staff with the cross atop it . hermit monk the Jews that murder we saviour ! kill they ! exterminate the name of Israel ! ext . STREET near the synagogue - night hagen , ari , and leila run along a street litter with jewish dead . at a cross street they see - -- jews , flock from all direction toward they synagogue . most wear prayer shawl and carry book of prayer . sing can be hear from within as the mass press toward the door of the building . ari stop cold in he track and watch they . the shout and cry of emmich and the approach crusader can be hear . '' death to the Jews , ... death to the enemy of Christ ! '' ari suddenly gasp , see -- yacub , he uncle , wear a prayer shawl and hold a torah . yacub hurry toward the synagogue among the other . ari oh , God ... oshout ) yacub ! ari shout again for he uncle , who do not hear he . ari turn to leila . ari princess , you know the way to the sepulchre ? leila yes . ari go without I . hagen what ? ari go! hagen take he arm . ari pull away . ari my uncle be a Jew . -- and so be i. hagen look at ari for a beat . ari he need I . go ! ari kiss hagen and draw back . ari we will meet again , ari launch himself into the crowd , fight he way toward he uncle , shouting he name . at the door of the synagogue , yacub stop and turn . he see ari . ari wait ! do not go in ! yacub struggle to stand in place as the mob of panicked Jews crush he into the synagogue . a squad of crusader emerge from a side street fire with crossbow . hagen and leila - duck back as arrow slam around they . they crouch as a second barrage of arrow stick in the doorway above they head . hagen shelter leila as they be force back toward the shelter of a side street . at the door of the synagogue , ari reach yacub and try to pull he away . the press of the mob be too strong . they be force inside . crusader slam the door close behind they and seal the entrance with a large timber . ext . a STREET - night as hagen and leila race down a street they be suddenly confront by several footsoldiers hurl booty from a house . footsoldier that moslem beauty should be share my friend . hagen cut down the leader and hold the other back with he sword as he and leila pass and continue down the street . ext . the synagogue square - night the square be a litter of body of Jews who do not make it to the synagogue and be cut down by crusader . the hermit monk , sword in hand , kill alongside the other . emmich , panting with exhaustion , swing halfheartedly at the plead mass that surround he , then he stop and look up at the synagogue . from inside the sound of sing can be hear . hermit monk they still worship . burn they ! burn the temple . . the cry of '' burn they , '' be take up by the other . ivo and other push a cartload of hay beneath the doorway of the synagogue and set fire to it . the soldier cheer and shout as it blaze up . godfrey 's men OPEN a gate in the CITY wall , and horse be drive into the city . crusader rush to mount they . ext . the synagogue - night emmich stand before the synagogue watch it burn . ivo be beside he . emmich we have do good . ivo emmich , the street of the gold smith ... there 's jewel , treasure of all kind , ... horse be lead into the square by crusader . emmich and ivo saddle up . emmich there 's only one treasure here . the true Cross . the man who have it have the crown . ext . the holy sepulchre - night Christians and moslem refugee , mainly woman and child , enter the courtyard of the sepulchre through a large gate . 126 . huge flame bolt arc across the sky and strike the surround building . ext , the sepulchre wall - night hagen and leila have reach the gate . in the background , smoke pour from the foolscap dome of the sepulchre . ext . courtyard of the holy sepulchre ~ night hagen and leila press through the gate . they be guide by | monk and nun to shelter under the archway of the surround building . hagen look toward the burn church . a bucket brigade of monk be try to put out the flame . hagen 's gaze come to rest on the door of the Holy sepulchre . smoke pour from inside and hagen react as --- a old monk , theodosius , appear through the smoke . his eye desperately search the crowd , the young , the old , the feeble . but he penetrate gaze find hagen . he point at he and call out . theodosius you !... come ! hagen , amaze , start toward the monk . theodosius you have strength . help we save the cross . hagen , stricken by the old man 's word , glance at leila , then step to the doorway . the old monk stare at he through the swirl smoke . his word be indistinct in the roar of the flame . theodosius TI be theodosius . God have send you . he turn into the smoke- fill entrance , and hagen follow . int . the sepulchre - night Fire lick at tapestry and icon as monk work a bucket brigade in a futile effort to control it . above , the roof timber be ablaze . 127 , hagen , collow theogosius , see the altar through smoke and flame . Pov hagen a silver cross stand before the mosaic of abraham . a beam suddenly drop from the ceiling and fire rise , obliterate it from view . then , magically , it reappear . hagen push to the altar . he step through burn rubble . flame scorch the silver as he reach the cross . at the center of the silver cross be a piece of ancient blacken wood , the remain of the true Cross . hagen grab the cross member with he hand . he wince . his hand be burn at its touch , but he hold it and slowly lift it from the altar and settles it onto he back . at the touch of the hot metal , he shirt burn away and he groan with pain as he struggle with he burden . the monk fight back the flame with bucket of water as hagen carry the heavy cross toward the door . theodosius walk ahead , guide he through the smoke . ext . the sepulchre compound - night emmich and he man ride to the outer door of the compound . a ram be bring forward and slam against it . the door collapse and they ride into the courtyard . ext . the courtyard - night emmich lead he man into the courtyard and he look go straight to the sepulchre . like a image from a RELIGIOUS painting hagen appear through smoke and flame carry the cross . the crusader around emmich be stricken . they stare , amaze , as --- hagen step from the sepulchre . stagger under the weight , he descend the step , with theodosius and monk follow . he head lowered , hagen be unaware of emmich . as he walk he hear the clanking of armor , look up , he see - -- 128 . the knight ease themselves off they horse and drop to they knee at the sight of hagen . the madman be completely awestruck , in the courtyard , emmich remain mount , but many of he man , so stricken by the image of hagen and the true Cross , push forward a reach to touch the relic . emmich pathetic fool ! kill he ! none respond to emmich . hagen call to theodosius and the monk who now surround he . hagen . take the Cross ! hide it where no crusader will ever find it ! at theodosius 's command , a dozen monk lift the Cross from hagen 's back . as they take it away , hagen draw he sword . emmich seize the Cross ! emmich look down to see ivo on he knee , praying alongside all the other . the madman cry out in ecstasy . madman hagen be king ! King of Jerusalem ! hagen be king ! in a mad fury , emmich draw he sword , ride over ivo , and push he sword through the madman 's back . the madman collapse onto the ground . with blood drip from he mouth , he cast a last worshipful look at he hero . madman hagen ... emmich rein he horse around and face hagen . emmich yes ... now ! 129 . he charge hagen , who meet he in a two -hande stance . emmich 's first swing miss . he swing around for another . leila watch the unequal battle from the courtyard . emmich tries to trample hagen . hagen be knock down . emmich 's horse rear and stomp he , but he manage to roll away and spring catlike to he foot . emmich charge , and hagen retreat toward the colonnade that line the courtyard . emmich swing , but hagen dart behind a column . emmich maneuver around the column , hack at hagen and force he into the open . as eaunich charge again , hagen jump onto the raise porch of the church and swing he sword with all he strength . the blade catch emmich just below the rib , sever he head , sword arm and upper torso in one piece . sword still in a hand , a horrible battle cry burst from he lung , emmich 's upper trunk fall to the dust of the courtyard . the horse squeal in panic and rear with emmich 's lower body in the saddle . it turn and gallop out the courtyard gate into the street of Jerusalem with the ghostly half - emmich still in the saddle . hagen watch . the horse disappear , then he ram the blade of he sword into the dirt and break off the blade . he cross to leila and take she in he arm . ext . jerusalem - dawn in a series of shot fire still burn and a deathly veil of smoke hang over the city . from somewhere in the street a chorus of a thousand voice sing a anthem of victory . the burn ruin of Al - aqsa mosque loom in the foreground as a huge procession pass the lifeless square . the hermit monk , now in the robe of a bishop surround by acolyte swinging censer of incense , lead a solemn march of the victor through what be once a live city . they step over body and limb and slog through puddle of blood . the gold cross atop he -staff float through swirl of smoke against a background of fire and devastation . 130 . ext . a side STREET - dawn hagen , on foot , lead two horse pack for travel . leila , wear a veil , be mount on one . they emerge onto a square near the burn ruin of the synagogue . the area be litter with jewish dead . a few pyre of burn body be tend by black mask soldier . hagen gaze toward the ruin of the synagogue . something on the ground catch he eye . he reach down and lift a yarmulke . as he thought go to ari the sing be suddenly louder and --- the crusader procession appear . godfrey ride at its head , follow by ivo and other prominent knight , united in victory . hagen 's expression betray disgust , and the same can be read in leila 's eye . godfrey see hagen . he leave the other and approach he . godfrey hagen , come to the Holy sepulchre . I be to be crown king . I promise there will be a high place for you in my realm . hagen you will wear a crown of gold where Christ wear a crown of thorns ? godfrey hear the innuendo but choose to ignore it . godfrey join we in give thanks to God for the glory of this conquest . hagen what glory ? godfrey we victory have restore God 's kingdom . hagen react to the outrageous irony of godfrey 's word . hacen God 's kingdom . hagen look around at the pile of dead and the burn ruin that surround the plaza . 131 . hagen take a look around . take a deep breath and with the stench of death in you nose , go tell God you have restore he kingdom . hagen turn and lead the horse away from the procession . godfrey , fight whatever well from he own conscience , back away and begin sing the Latin word of the anthem . ext . the wall of jerusalem near david nos gate - morning as hagen and leila approach the open gate that lead from the city , a ragged peddler emerge from the shadow of a building and approach they . . peddler Christian , ... Christian , wait ! hagen ignore the peddler and keep move , but the man pursue . peddler when you leave this holy city would you not want to carry a piece of the true Cross ? surely you of all knight have earn it for you valor . hagen turn at the familiar ring of the man 's word . a dirty face smile up at he . hagen beam . it 's ari. hagen ari! hagen hug he and look he over . ari be pretty badly bruise and burn . ari I find a way out for my uncle and ten other . ari shrug as hagen shake he head , smile . ari and you ? no crown ? no treasure ? hagen we will live as I be bear to live , from the land . ari sad , you have such promise as a thief ... he take leila 's hand . 132 . ari and this soft hand , princess , tilling the soil ? . leila . they will harden as we raise erop ... and child . hagen come with we . ari no , I have my trade . and with so many pilgrim , it 's good . already I have sell three hair from the beard of John the Baptist . hagen smile . ari when you return with the bounty of you harvest , come find I . I will either be at the mosque , the temple , or the sepulchre ... wherever the faithful be gather . another embrace and hagen and leila leave . ext . david 's gate - outside the wall - morning hagen lead the horse out of the city . in the background the desert siege tower can be see along with a few scavenger pick through the dead . hagen glance around and they start on the road away from the city . hagen take leila 's hand and look up at she . he smile , kiss she hand , then climb onto he horse . they canter away , and as the camera pan up to the wall of Jerusalem , the sound of church bell echoing from within the city be gradually drown by the sound of wind . dissolve to one ext . the mountain of lebanon - day the mountain be cloak in swirl mist as hagen and leila ride from the mountain pass into a valley . ahead , in field carpete with spring flower , the small farm can be see where they first know love . end title even under torture , the monk of the Holy sepulchre refuse to reveal the hide place of the true Cross . it be never find .