" the curse of the cat people " screen play by dewitt bodeen the MAIN and credit title be superimposed on a series of line drawing of elve , small forest creature , tree limb , and other grotesquery draw in the delicate , fanciful , and yet frightening style of Arthur rackham , the dissolves from one card to another be accomplish by a gust of wind blow autumnal leave past the title as the card begin its dissolve . the draw on the last card show a oddly shape tree trunk . fade out fade in ext . forest path - day camera be shoot past the actual tree which we have see depict in the last card . up the path , march two by two , be a dozen child of kindergarten age . at they head be miss callahan , a young , pleasant - look teacher . the child be sing round and she direct this operation by blow a pitch pipe and extend she hand first to the leave hand column which start the first line of the round . child ( sing ) " the goldenrod be yellow , the corn be turn brown , " miss callahan extend she arm toward the right column . they take up the word the leave column have just finish , while the leave column now go on with the second part of the round . child ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) " the tree in apple orchard ' with fruit be bend down . " miss callahan smile in satisfaction at she pupil , and turn around , continue along the pathway , wave time with she hand as the child go on and on with they musical round . ext . bridge crossing a SMALL stream - day with miss callahan at they head , the child march onto the bridge . here miss callahan halt and the child stop with script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary she . she turn to face they and make a motion for they to gather around she . with they group about she , she half turn face the sunny glade on the other side of the stream . miss callahan take a good look , child . it may see just a little valley with a stream run through it . but , no . it 's sleepy hollow . just because you be lucky enough to be the kindergarten class of tarrytown , you can run and play in sleepy hollow -- ( glance at she watch ) for exactly fifteen minute . almost with the grace of a child she rise and begin to run . as if this be a signal for they to begin they play , the child run after she . mo . shot of child as they begin to run past the camera , laugh end shouting . finally , one little girl come run past the camera and the camera truck with she . this girl be Amy reed . there be a haunt quality about she childishness ; almost a feel such as wordsworth express , that she youth still keep she in touch with the memory of another world , a memory which fade with each pass day , and whose fade leave a sense of emptiness and loss . mo . close shot - Amy . apart from the other child , she raise she arm and look up to the sun and the sky . a butterfly , perch on a stalk of mullen , attract she attention , and she tiptoe softly toward it , kneel beside it , and begin to speak to it . her voice can be hear , but the word can not be distinguished . suddenly the butterfly spread its wing and fly away . Amy rise with a smile and run after it . mo close shot - a stand of goldenrod in the meadow . the butterfly fly into the scene and light on one of the blossom . a moment later Amy come and kneel beside it . she whisper , but only a word or two can be hear . amy where be you go — why do you fly ? the whole wide world -- -- my friend -- you be my friend . the butterfly flutter its wing and soar into the air . Amy chase after it . mo . close shot of several child ruthlessly pull up the goldenrod . the butterfly go flutter past they . Amy , she face rapt and concentrate , run past in friendly pursuit . one of the boy , a stocky , heavy - set youngster name Donald , look after she and begin to run . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary the camera dolly with Amy as she pursue the butterfly . from behind she come a shout . donald' voice I will get it for you , Amy . Donald enter scene and run past she . donald' voice ( cont would ) I will get it for you , I will get it . he run ahead of she , and before she can protest , snatch off he cap and with a quick sweeping movement catch the butterfly and press he cap closely to he . as Amy and though camera halt together , he open the cap with a smile , put in he hand and bring out the tear , crush body of the butterfly . he offer it to Amy . closeup of Amy . the shock and hurt have hit so deep in she childish mind that she face be almost expressionless . two shot - Amy and Donald . he still stand stupidly smile at she . Amy make a quick movement with she hand and slap he hard across the face . dissolve int . schoolroom corridor - day in the long , echoing corridor of the tarrytown Public School , Amy , a small and pathetic figure stand forlornly before the close door of a classroom . from behind this door can bo hear the murmur of adult voice ; deep in conversation . int . kindergarten schoolroom - day a kindergarten schoolroom in one of the public school of tarrytown . in the room be blackboard and tack board on the wall ; it be antiseptically clean and cheerfully light with afternoon sunlight , the little chair and table be arrange in a orderly semi-circle face the teacher 's desk . group around this desk be miss callahan and Oliver and Alice reed . miss callahan ( smile and with the air of one who try to bring calm ) to a situation ) really , Mr. reed , there be not anything to worry about . it be only a slap -- alice ( brightly , and try to put the whole discussion on a social foot ) that 's exactly what I tell Mr. reed , but script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary he insisted upon remain home from business to talk to you , miss callahan . oliver I know it may seem stupid of I -- but it be not the slap I be worried about -- it 's the reason . miss callahan something to do with a butterfly -- they be quarreling about it . oliver no . Amy slap Donald because he have hurt the butterfly -- and it be she friend . miss callahan well , that seem a harmless fancy -- oliver ( interrupt ) Amy have too many fancy -- too few friend . it worry I . it do not seem normal . alice ( apologetically , to miss callahan ) you know this fond father with they only chick . miss callahan disregard this . she look seriously into Oliver 's face miss callahan I can see you be worried . and she be a very sensitive and delicately adjust child . she make a slight pause as if hesitant to go on ; then , abruptly , resume talk . miss callahan ( cont 'd ) but a good deal of the blame for that may lie with you , Mr. reed . perhaps you be over - anxious -- watch she too closely -- worry too much . the child 's bound to feel it . Oliver be about to answer , but Amy , who have be in the corridor suddenly come into the room amy it 's late , mommy -- you have not forget my birthday party . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary miss callahan you birthday , Amy -- ( cross the room , talk ) as she go ) -- and I have something for you in my locker . a present . amy mommy 's have a party for I . I ask Robert , and Donald , and lois -- by this time miss callahan have take Amy 's hand and be lead she to the door . miss callahan ( over she shoulder ) Amy and I will meet you at the car . she take the child out of the room . Alice and Oliver follow at a more leisurely pace . int . corridor of the tarrytown school - day miss callahan and Amy go down the corridor . the teacher walk quickly and the child trot along beside she . the two parent walk along sedately , Alice pause now and again to examine the picture , crude childish daub , display on the tack - up board . ore draw catch she eye . she stop . alice here 's a draw by Amy . Oliver go over toward she . alice ( cont 'd ) she certainly do not seem to have inherite any artistic ability from either of we . look at that . Oliver peer over she shoulder at the draw . oliver ( grin ) well , it show imagination , anyhow . alice ( turn to face he ) I wonder if you do not resent that in she ? oliver I be sure I do not , Alice . it 's something else -- something moody -- something sickly -- ( pause ) she could almost be irena 's child . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Alice study he face for a moment . alice and that 's what worry you ? he nod . oliver I would hate she to grow up like that . alice she 's not irena 's child -- there 's nothing of irena in she . she 's my child . Oliver , smile , reach over to take she hand , and pat it affectionately . oliver all I have to do be look at Amy 's eye , blue and deep like yours . alice I be not a jealous woman , Oliver . oliver I know that . alice that 's why I can tell you , straight out , you think too much about irena -- blame yourself for she death . and its you think and brood about she that make you so unnaturally concerned about Amy . oliver no . it 's not that . it 's because I know what can happen when people begin to lie to themselves -- imagine thing . I love Amy too much to let she lose herself ina dream world where butterfly become pal . I see what happen to irena with she cat people . alice I know , dear . I understand . but try to worry a little less about she -- be a little easier in you think . and especially today — let 's forget about it . we want a really bang - up birthday party , do not we ? oliver ( grin ) you make I sound like the father in script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary " bast lynne . " alice darling , no father could be nicer to a child than you be to Amy . miss callahan come in from the street door . Alice and Oliver , interrupt , start toward she . miss callahan you would better hurry . I have leave Amy in the car and she 's get impatient . she tell I there 's something especially important about a sixth birthday . oliver ( smile ) we will see that she get there in good time Alice extend she hand to miss callahan . alice I be so glad to have meet you at last . you be just as nice as Amy tell I you be . I hope you will come to see we . miss callahan I would love to . they shake hand . Alice take Oliver 's arm . he nod to miss callahan and both of they start down the corridor , the teacher watch they . dissolve ext . front yard - reed cottage - day Edward , a small , trim , color man , wear a brown sweater and cap , be rake leave into a pile . the pile be already alight and burn . he be sing as he work , a old , sad , dutch -english song of the district . ( " johnny have go for a soldier " ) edward ( sing ) who can blame I if I cry my fill , johnny have go for a soldier . a auto horn sound in the street - a succession of short , squawky , joyous toot . Edward look up . long shot - another angle of the street in front of the reed Cottage . the reed car come down the street and draw up to the curb . Amy be the first to come bounce out . she run to Edward . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary edward get the yard all fix up for you party , Amy . you would better hurry and get yourself fix up too . amy mommy 's take I upstairs to change my dress right away . Alice and Oliver have get out of the car . Alice cross the yard , take Amy 's hand and they walk into the house together . Oliver pause to watch the burn leave . edward everything all right down there at the school , Mr. reed ? oliver yes , everything 's all right , Edward . edward ( shaking he head ) when I first hear all that talk about you go down to the school to see the teacher I get really afeard . I think maybe you night call off this birthday party -- and I with the cake already in the oven . oliver I imagine a child would have to commit murder or rob the seventh National Bank of tarrytown to be deprive of a birthday party . he take a final lick at the pile with the rake , pick up another implement that he have there and carry this and the rake , he start off around the driveway , Oliver go in at the front door . int . hallway - reed cottage - day Oliver pass through the hall and glance into the dining room which have be decorate with paper streamer . the birthday table have be set with twelve place with a paper tablecloth , paper napkin , party favor and place card . he stand for a moment in the doorway , and then pass into the dining room . int . dine room - reed cottage - day Oliver pass through and go on into the kitchen . int . kitchen - reed cottage - day script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary as Oliver come in one door , Edward come in at the other . there be a huge birthday cake on the kitchen table . Edward take off he cap and sweater and hang they up in a broom closet . at though same time he take out a white butler 's jacket . he begin to put this on and as he struggle into the freshly starch sleeve , Oliver extend he hand and help he to get it on . oliver I think we be go to save that leave you be burn for the compost bin . edward get more leaf mold now than we will ever need , Mr. reed . I think I would burn them up and get the yard clean . it be at this moment that Amy come in dress in a kate greenway style party dress . Edward quickly whip a tea towel from the rack and cover the birthday cake . amy be that my birthday cake ? May I see ? oliver you will see it when it 's all light and ready for you . edward ( with a glance at the clock ) you will not have long to wait . in just a few minute this house will be overflow with boy and girl . off with you now , Amy . go out and watch from the gate for all the child who will be come . oliver go on -- out with you . he give she a little shove from behind to propel she toward the hall door . with 's backward look at the cover cake , Amy go out the door . Oliver and Edward stand watch she go . Oliver cross over to the sink and run himself a glass of water . he lean against the sink , drink it while Edward take up a handful of birthday candle , already mount in they candy sconce , and begin to put they into the cake . Edward suite the action to the word ; half sing , half speak , but avoid any musical comedy feel . edward one for the one year : then she do not say a word . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary one for the two year : that be whooping cough we hear . one for the three year : she get lose then for a hour . one for the four year : she turn pretty as a flower . one for the five year : best child I ever do see . one for the six year : I do not know what that will be . Oliver laugh , set down the glass of water , and cross over to he . oliver we will all see that it 's a good year for she , Edward . he give he a friendly touch on the shoulder and start out of the kitchen . int . reed dine room —- day omitted . int . reed yard - day the reed yard be surround by a white picket fence . there be a lawn and in the back there be a fringe of very young birch and maple . behind the tall fence at the rear there be a wood of sturdier and older tree . there be one large tree in the garden , and on a wide limb of this tree a swing have be fastened . Amy be swinging in this swing now , hold the kitten in she arm as she swing . int . reed live room - day a pleasant , light , airy room , tastefully furnish . over the fireplace mantel be the copy of goya 's Don manuel osorio de Zuniga that have once hang in irena 's apartment . Alice , still wear she hat , be get ready some game to be play by the child . she be hide jelly bean in odd place about the room for the child , to seek out . on the wall be a cut out of a donkey minus its tail , and on a table be a bunch of assort paper tail . also on the table be several game of tiddlywink . Oliver come in from the hallway . oliver why do not you take off you hat and stay awhile ? alice ( take it off ) I forget I have it on . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary she start smoothing she hair , look in a wall mirror . Oliver look at he watch - oliver where be everybody ? alice it 's early yet . oliver it 's nearly a quarter after four . the party be for four , be not it ? alice yes , darling , oliver gosh , in my day kid arrive at birthday party before anybody be ready for they , alice Times have change . Oliver look ruefully down at bis watch and frown . lap dissolve ext . reed yard —- day Amy be at the gate , look up one side of the street and down the other for the first sign of she guest . int . reed live room - day Oliver be idly play with the game of tiddlywink , snap the small disk into a cup . Alice turn and see he , alice oilie , that 's for the child to play with . oliver no kid yet . something 's go wrong . maybe I ought to call somebody . alice ( good-hunoredly ) all right , Ollie . go ahead . call the boyd ...3000W ... see if they darling Donald have leave . oliver I think I should . ( go into hall ) 3000w ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary alice ( cheerfully ) that 's right . Alice move to the window and look out . ext . reed yard and sidewalk — day Amy have move outside the yard and be stand on the sidewalk , of she guest . int . reed live room - day as Alice turn away from the window , he have a birthda start toward the dining room , dining room . hallway . oliver something 's haywire , alice what do you mean ? oliver I call not only irving . neither invitation . of alice but they must have . out together . you , Edward ? edward well , mar 'am , Amy hersolf to post . oliver and Amy mail they ? edward she plead so to do Oliver look at the two a moment , the room . ext . reed front yard - day Oliver come out of the house , the walk to meet he , oliver you mail they , the truth be , look up one way and down the other Far some sign Edward enter from the y present in he hand . they but Oliver come in from the the boyd but the they receive Amy and I make they do not I give they to it and then turn and leave and Amy , see he , run up script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary she the Amy , you remember the party invitation Edward , give you to mail ? amy yes , daddy . oliver do you mail then ? amy yes , I do . oliver where do you mail they ? amy I will show you . take he hand and start lead he around the side of . reed backyard - day ext Amy few and Oliver come around the corner of the house and walk a step toward the big tree that stand at one corner . this be a very old tree with a hollow trunk . halfway toward the tree , guess what Amy have do , Oliver stop . oliver Amy , not that old tree ! amy yes , daddy . oliver but I tell you about that so long ago ; you could not have be more than three when I tell you that tree be a magic mailbox . amy ( proudly ) I do not forget . oliver but , Amy , that be just a story ; it be not real . that tree 's no mailbox . he look at the child seriously , and go to the tree , reach down within the hollow trunk to bring out a batch of damp , slightly mouldy invitation . he hold they out to Amy . oliver ( cont 'd ) well , there they be . ( kneel down beside Amy ) look , darling , mother and daddy keep script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary tell you over and over again , but you go right on dream , and then thing like this happen . she look for a second at the invitation . amy if the invitation do not go , then that mean nobody will come , do not it ? there will not be any party . Oliver try to lighten she disappointment . oliver yes , there be go to be a party ! we will have one ourselves -- you and I and mommy and Edward . dissolve int . reed dine room —- day close up of a party favor hold between two hand - Oliver 's and Amy 's , the hand pull and the party favor explode with a loud snap . the camera pull back to show a pathetic little party in progress . Amy sit at the head of the table with Oliver and Alice on each side of she . almost as if the snap of the party favor be a signal for he entrance , Edward come in from the kitchen bear aloft the huge birthday cake with its six shine candle and place it before Amy . edward you have get to blow ‘em all out in one blow , Amy . Amy prepare to blow , gather herself for the effort . oliver Amy , make a wish . wish real hard , and then blow out the candle , and you wish will come true . amy ( perplex ) but wish do not come true . oliver certain wish do . amy but you tell I in the garden -- that the wish about the tree could not come true . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary oliver but this be different . go on blow , he look at she for a second , the strange inconsistency of adult counsel to child completely lose to he . Amy blow mightily . the candle flame stream out and flicker . as she breath be exhaust , she inhale sharply and the candle go out . alice you get you wish ! amy ( look at she father ) you know what I wish , daddy ? I wish I could be a good girl . edward now it 's all ruin , you should not speak you wish . Amy look hurt . Alice come quickly to the rescue . alice but Edward , in this kind of a wish that do not matter . amy I can make wish like this come true . I will be just like daddy want I to be -- play with the other child -- not sit around by myself — tell the truth -- oliver ( interrupt she with a hug ) that 's right , darling , and you will make daddy very happy if you will just leave that dream world of yours and come into the same world with daddy and mommy the nice , pleasant world of everyday thing . Amy put she cheek against he , happily . fade out fade in ext . suburban sidewalk - day Amy let herself out of the gate and start skip down the sidewalk , hum to herself . she skip along , sometimes hopping on one foot as if she be play a game of hopscotch , sometimes swinging herself diffidently around the trunk of the tree and continue on in the sunlight . up the script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary sidewalk toward she come Jack on he tricycle . Amy see he and stop . as he pass she , she call out to he : amy hello , Jack . shot of Jack as Amy see he . he pass she on he tricycle , but turn he head and make a face at she . mo . closeup of Amy as she react to this new slight . she be distinctly troubled . thoughtfully she start walk on down the street . occasionally she turn and look after Jack , frown . she reach a corner , where she stop for a second , pull herself backward and forward contemplatively as she hold on to the cornerpiece of a fence . she still be look after Jack , puzzle . she shake she head , give the problem up , and turn down the side street . she stop almost immediately , she face brighten again with the anticipation of new joy . full shot as Amy see they , of three little girl sit on the sidewalk play a game of jack . one of they look up , see Amy , motion to the other , and they whisper very briefly . they all turn around , look at Amy , and then return to they game of jack , devote they entire attention to it . mo . shot as Amy walk down the street toward the three little girl , the camera panning with she . she stop when she reach the three child . they do not look up , but go on with they game as if it be the only thing take place in life . Evelyn , the little girl whose turn it be , make a grand final play , throw the ball , catch up eight jack , knock with she forefinger knuckle on the pavement , and catch the ball . evelyn what come next ? lucile double knock , of course . Evelyn start on double knock , but miss almost at once . evelyn I just seem to stay in double knock forever . she pass the ball on to lucile , observe as she do so : evelyn ( con * D ) of course , it 's very hard to do anything with somebody breathe down you neck . lucile what be I in ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary dorothy you be in three of over the fence . lucile oh , yes . she start to do three in over the fence , but miss at once . she look in exasperation at she two companion simultaneously all three little girl turn and glare at Amy . reverse shot of the three little girl in the f.g. , Amy in the b.g. take a step forward . amy May I play too ? dorothy why do not you go home ? amy I be a good player . lucile you might just as well stop be nice to we , Amy reed . we be mad at you . amy why ? lucile because you say you be go to invite we to you birthday party . evelyn and you do not ! amy but I do ! I do invite you ! the three little girl simply look at Amy ; to they she be a complete liar . they put they head together and whisper . one of they giggle . dorothy look up and point down the street behind Amy . dorothy look at the giraffe ! Amy turn she head , and the minute she turn around the three little girl scramble to they foot and with scream of laughter start run down the street . Amy turn around , puzzle , and then start after the child . the three little girl can be hear scream to one another : girl run ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary run faster ! Ditch she ! amy I invite you to my party . I do , I do , I do . shot of the three little girl run . they turn the corner . Amy can bo see run up to the corner , still shouting . amy I do invite you . I do invite you . I do . I do . she finally get to the corner , still run , and make the same turn the other child do . ext . farren house & garden - day a late victorian house , with gable and cupolas and a wide piazza , stand on the fringe of the forest . it be overgrown with ivy , morning glorey , and wild honeysuckle . the yard , too , which have once be a formal garden , be a tangle of wild growth . the house be silent , no sign of life about it . a very low , crumble , and in some place completely break iron rail set the garden off from the dirt pathway . there be ornate statue in the garden , and in front of the entrance be a old elaborate carriage post . the child come run into the scene , scream and laugh . child ( ad lib ) we ditch she . serve she right . closer shot of the child . suddenly they notice where they be and they immediately grow more quiet . they whisper can be hear as they go past on tiptoe . child ( ad lib ) the old house . there 's a witch in it . it 's haunt . Count three , count four , run past the door . that 's the best thing to say for witch . longer shot of the child as they near the other end of the fence . they courage suddenly leave they , and they all make a frantic run for it . shot of Amy as she come up to the old house . she be out of breath and quite evidently she playmate have get out of she sight . she look with interest at the strange house and the overgrown garden . she stand gaze about she . a voice script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary from a upper window begin to call she . the voice be sweet , professionally train and full of enticement . voice Little girl . Little girl . come into the garden . it 's pleasant and cool here -- ever so pleasant -- ever so cool out of the hot sun --— Amy be fascinate . she look up , and still look up , slowly and hesitantly begin to go into the garden . she pass under the pergola and peer at the frightening heraldic lion in the bush . with a occasional glance in the direction of the voice which still can be hear call , she go on to the path and approach the sculpture figure of " Comedy . " on the porch step from above she the voice call : voice Little girl , step back away from the house so that I can see you . step back , little girl . Amy look puzzle , but to get a better view she take one or two natural step backward , look up . close up of a open window . a gentle breeze be blow the lace curtain . through the open between the curtain , a woman 's gnarled hand appear in a velvet sleeve . this hand hold a handkerchief weight at one corner , and toss the handkerchief out the window . ext . farren garden day Amy watch as the handkerchief flutter down . she make a futile effort to catch it . it fall near she . she pick it up and examine it . insert amy hand as she hold up the handkerchief . one corner of it have be draw through a silver ring . she remove the ring and try it first on one finger and then another . it fit she thumb . mo . close shot of Amy . she put the ring on she thumb and stand a moment , hold the handkerchief up between she two hand . suddenly and silently from behind a bush beside she a thin , white arm and hand appear . the hand grasp the handkerchief . two shot of miss Barbara farren , cadaverously tall and thin , with only she bright hair to speak of a beauty which be quickly fade , as she step out into the sunlight from behind the bush . as she do so , she tear the handkerchief from Amy 's hand . Amy , stunne and silent , relinquish the handkerchief and watch while Barbara farren pace stately across the garden and around the corner into the house . from above she the voice can be hear call : script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary voice go away , little girl . go away . Amy look up and start to move away . at first she walk slowly with many & backward glance , but upon reach the protective shadow of the pergola , she break into a run . dissolve out ( end part I ) dissolve in int . reed kitchen - day Edward , wear a blue and white stripe denim apron , have a fat roasting chicken on the table and be dexterously proceeding to stuff and truss it . as he work , he solemnly address the fowl . edward oh , you be a lordly fellow handsome as a king and full of pride . struttin ' and showin ' off and scratchin ' up the earth and callin ' all the hen to account for this and that . he pat in a bit of stuff . edward ( cont 'd ) a lordly fellow -- a lordly fellow -- and now you lie on you back with you leg in the air , and you do not even know what the score be -- no , sir , you do not even know what the score be . Amy come in from the back yard . she be hot and breathless as if she have be run . Edward take a look at she and a quick look at the kitchen clock . he leave he former companion lie on the table and cross to the icebox . edward ( cont 'd ) guess you will be want a glass of milk , Amy . she nod . he open the icebox door and take out a glass of milk which have be stand wait , cover with a saucer . as Amy take the glass with she right hand , she hold up she leave thumb , amy look at my ring . edward that 's a fine-looking ring . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary amy a lady throw it to I . edward most surely that be a nice lady to give a ving to a little girl . amy it 's a pretty ring . edward I would not be surprised if it be a true wishing ring . Amy look at it . amy a ring that I can wish on like I wish on the candle ? edward maybe , if it 's a real mourn ring like we have in Jamaica . all you get to do be turn it on you finger , close you eye , and make a wish . amy ( hold ) the ring up to he ) what 's a mourn ring ? edward they be give to the live in memory of the dead . if this be a real one -- I can not be sure -- you can make a wish , and it will come true in the twinkle of a eye . amy well , if it 's a real mourn ring , . I be go to think hard for something I want more than anything else in the world before I wish . edward that 's the clever way to do it . Edward look at she appraisingly . edward ( cont would ) you look good and hot and good and tired . guess you have be play real hard with you friend . amy I do not play , Edward . they would not play with I , script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Edward look up in concern , and Amy hasten to bury she face in the glass of milk . edward you daddy be not go to like that . he have he heart set on you play with the other kid . he shake he head , uttering a cluck sound of disapproval . Amy take she face out of though glass long enough to say : amy ( thoughtfully ) I would better tell he . she drink the remainder of she milk , think a moment , and evidently feel it better to get the worst over right away . she start toward the door . int . oliver reed' workshop - day this be a pleasant , many - window room with a neat array of shelf , nail bin , work bench , and small power tool . Oliver , in a old sweater , flannel trousers , and moccasin , be work on a ship model . it be a planke model of the " half Moon . " Oliver very carefully fit a plank and drive in two brad to hold it . Amy come in and stand watch until he have finish . oliver you daddy 's so pleased with you he 's building a model ship for you very own . come take a look at it . he take she by the hand to show she the model on the bench . Amy look at it , but she be not particularly happy . her father 's kindness make it all the more difficult for she to tell he what she have to say . oliver ( cont 'd ) you see , when you be a good girl and play with other child instead of mope and dream by yourself , you daddy want to do everything he can to make you happy . this have not help Amy any . she stand still , stare at he , wonder how to begin . oliver ( cont would ) how you run along and join you playmate . turn away from she , he turn on the electric see . Amy still stand watch , he . he be about to feed a piece of script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary wood to the see , when she finally summon up courage enough to tug at he sleeve . amy daddy -- Oliver look at she and try to hear what she be say but cannot because of the noise of the machinery . with a impatient gesture , he turn it off . oliver what do you want . Amy ? amy I want to talk to you , I want to tell you about the other child . oliver can not you tell I later ? amy but I do not play with they , daddy . they would not play with I . Oliver be annoyed at have be interrupt and further angere by the fact that he have jump to he own conclusion of the child 's " goodness . " he sit down on a little stool to bring himself on the same level with the child . oliver what do you mean you do not play with the other child ? amy it be on account of the birthday party . oliver because you do not ask they ? I do not blame they for be angry . why do not you explain what happen ? amy they run away . oliver why do not you run after they ? amy I do . I come to a old dark house , and a voice call to I -- a lovely , sweet voice --- Oliver cock he head apprehensively . oliver now Amy script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary amy it 's true . oliver and who do the voice belong to ? amy it be just a voice . oliver ( completely angry ) now look , this be the last time you come to I with any such storey — I be sick of this sort of thing . amy daddy , it 's true . oliver let I be the judge of that . his voice have be rise . as Amy start to steal out of the workshop into the yard , Alice , dress for gardening , poke she head in at the open doorway . alice ( try to pour oil on the troubled water ) my , my , what a coil we be in ! what 's this all about ? oliver Amy 's be lie again . amy no , I do not . oliver ( scornfully ) voice from a old dark house ! alice do you hear the child out ? oliver well , it seem to I -- alice you mean you do not . it seem to I the least you could do . you can not just jump at conclusion that way . you be be unfair . oliver I be never unfair . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary alice ( almost tearfully ) you be shouting at I . oliver ( roaring ) I be not shouting at you , but there 's no doubt in my mind that you spoil this child ! Amy , who have be listen intently , shrink away with mingle embarrassment and hurt , suddenly begin to cry . Oliver be the first to kneel beside she . oliver ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . daddy and mommy be a little upset . amy you be upset about I -- I make you fight -- I hate for you to fight . alice we be not really fight darling -- just a little argument . you run out and play -- go on now -- we will make up . she shoos the child out of the door ext . reed yard -- day Amy , still dabbing at she eye , come a few foot out of the workshop door and turn back to look at she parent . in the background Alice be dabbing at she eye with she handkerchief , but she be smile . Amy start down the path . Edward , trundle a wheelbarrow toward the front yard , pass she , notice the tear , and stop . edward be cry ? that will not please you daddy . you would bettor cheer yourself up . amy I be try to . edward ( remember ) let I take another look at that ring . she lift it up and he look at it . edward sure enough , that 's a real mourn ring and it 's get wishing power . you would , better sit down and think of some good wish to script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary make . Edward , with a kindly pat on she shoulder , pick up he wheelbarrow and start off . Amy look after he , absorb . then she turn . another angle . Amy amble along the walk . in one hand she carry the hoop and stick . idly she kick up & pebble with the toe of she shoe . as she pass a bush , she tear off a leaf and chew on it . she reach a snail pond and drop down beside it with a sigh . Amy lock down into the pond . insert the surface of the pond . a large goldfish be lazily swim around . back to scene . Amy smile and lean over though pond . she put one hand in the water and ripple the surface . then , stare at she hand , she stop , fascinate . close up of Amy 's hand under the surface of the water . the silver ring glisten brightly . Amy draw she hand out of the water and stare at the ring . a smile lighten she face . she know now what she will wish for . she sit down on a large rock , close she eye , and firmly turn the ring on she finger as she make she wish . amy I wish for a friend . for a second she remain with she eye close ; then , slowly , she open she eye look about she . ext . the wood -- day long shot . the tree stand still and quiet . at first , no breeze rustle the leave , the yaddo lie on the lawn be motionless . then a whisper of a breeze move the branch of the tree , and the yaddo flutter gently , come to life . ext . reed yard - day Amy be stand up and look with anticipation at the , move sunlight and shadow . through the picket fence , on the fringe of the wood , a cluster of dandelion grow . the breeze blow the dandelion , and they incline they tufte head toward the yard . the little spear of dandelion fluff be loosen in the air and enter the yard , sailing on the wind . the musical motif of irena 's song sound faintly , grow stronger . Amy look about she as the dandelion tuft come dance by she . she laugh happily and in the move sunlight and shadow begin to roll she hoop . irena 's song , which fill the track , script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary be gay and happy . int . oliver reed' workshop - day Oliver be at he handsaw . he be feed a long thin strip of wood into the see and Edward stand behind he hold up the other end of the stick . Ho have on a carpenter 's apron . through the window Amy can be see play , happily racing along the path . the see cut to the end of the stick and Oliver turn it off . both man look out of the window . edward Amy look happy — seem almost as if she be play with another child ; like somebody else be run with she and play . oliver ( simply ) I like to see she happy . edward so do I , Mr. reed . Oliver reach over for the next stick of wood to cut . the two man take they position at the see . Oliver turn it on . ext . reed yard -— day Amy , hum , flit through the dapple shadow in the rear of the yard . dissolve dissolve in int . reed kitchen - night Amy be finish she supper . dress in nightgown and bathrobe , she be seat , at the kitchen table and be take the last bite of a cup custard . Edward be move about the kitchen , prepare dinner . Oliver come in the back door , move up to Amy , and put he hand on she shoulder . he look down at the empty plate . oliver nothing wrong with you appetite , be there ? Amy shake she head . edward I do not even have to coax she tonight . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary oliver that 's because she make a promise , and she 'a keep it , be not you , darling . ( to Edward ) you see the way she play this afternoon , Edward . edward indeed I do . up and down the garden she go , laugh and sing to herself . Alice come in and stand , watch , smile . amy I be not sing to myself . edward oh , I suppose it be to the wind you sing , or maybe to the sun , or the cloud , or maybe it be to the flower in the garden . Oliver go to the sink to wash he hand . Amy put aside she dish and spoon , wipe she mouth with she napkin , and climb down from she chair . amy all through . her mother take she hand and they start out of the kitchen . int . reed lower hallway and stair - night Amy walk along the hallway hold Alice 's hand . she be hum a song . alice ( turn to she ) what be say , darling ? amy I be not say anything . I be sing . alice I suppose any note , no matter how sour , be a song if you hold on to it long enough . Amy frown , pursing she lip and shaking she head . amy I think I would never forget that song . they have reach the stair and start up . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary alice what song , dear ? amy the song I be try to hum . the song my friend , teach I . alice ( carelessly ) oh , you will remember it some time . they go on up the stair and into Amy 's room . int . amy bedroom -- night Alice come into the room with Amy and switch on the light while Amy pull off she bathrobe . on the dress table be a small basin of water and a wash cloth . Amy stand patiently while Alice dab at she face with a soape cloth . amy mommy -- alice yes , darling . amy do you ever make a wish ? alice oh , lot of time . amy do you wish ever come true ? alice sometimes . amy I make a wish today , and it come true just like Edward say it would . Alice pick up the child 's hand to wash it and notice the ring . alice where do you get this ring ? amy that 's what I wish on . Edward say it 's a wishing ring -- and it be ! alice ( slip the ring ' off Amy 's finger ) but where do you get it , Amy ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary amy at the old house with the voice . Alice begin to turn down the cover of Amy 's bed . Amy look alice someone give it to you ? where be this old house ? amy on the back street — a green house alice the farren house amy do you know the people ? alice no dear . I do not know they , but I have hear about they . amy be they nice ? alice I really do not know , but I do know that you must return the ring . you get Edward to take you up there and bring it back to the old lady . at she puzzle . alice ( cont 'd ) well — the mother or daughter -- whichever one give it to you . you ask Edward to go with you . amy ( get into bed ) I get my wish anyway . alice ( as she draw the cover up to Amy 's chin ) you must not tell anybody , or it will not come true . amy ( as Alice kiss she ) but it 's already come true . alice ( raise she finger to she lip ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary sh! then you must keep it true . goodnight , darling . she turn out the light and go out the door . fade out fade in int . reed live room —- day close shot of one of Oliver 's model sailing craft ; the sail flutter and stir as if it be sailing before a strong breeze . over this shot be the sound of Edward 's voice sing , " blow the man down . " the camera pull back to show he work with a vacuum cleaner , blow the dust from the model . suddenly there be a click . the wind that fill the model sail die abruptly , leave they flat and becalm . Edward turn to look at the body of the vacuum cleaner which lie on the floor . Amy be kneel beside it . she have a shy smile on she face . it be she who have turn it off . edward Little miss , you be stop I in my work . amy but I want to talk to you . mommy say for you to come up to the old house with I . I have get to take back this ring . edward you just wait until I finish here . I have get to dust this ship for you dad . amy will you come soon ? edward soon as I finish . he snap on the vacuum cleaner and go back to he work . Amy sit down on the vacuum cleaner , astride , put she elbow 's on she knee , she chin in she hand and watch he patiently . suddenly she flick off the switch again . the vacuum cleaner stop . edward ( cont would ) ( protestingly ) how , little miss amy you be go to be busy all day long , Edward . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary edward I do suppose so . but if you be there yesterday , guess you can get there today . amy ( jump up ) that mean I can go alone ? she snap on the vacuum cleaner again . over the noise Edward nod in reply . she start out of the room and can be see through the hallway go out the front door . ext . reed house -- day Amy come down the stair and start off down the walk . ext . suburban STREET - day Amy turn out of she driveway and start off toward the corner . down the street come miss callahan riding on a English model bicycle with book in the basket on the handle bar . she see Amy and slow down . miss callahan hello , Amy . amy be you come to see we . miss callahan ? miss callahan no , darling , I have not intend to . amy ( point ) I live right here . miss callahan maybe I will drop in and see you mommy . she smile at the child and then pedal off , turn in at the reed driveway . Amy watch she and then turn to resume she own walk toward the corner . ( end of part ii ) int . hall - reed rouse - day the doorbell be ringing . Alice in a gardening apron and with gardening glove on she hand , come hurriedly out . alice I will get it . I will get it , Edward . from though live room Edward 's voice can be hear . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary edward voice yes , ma'am Alice open the door and find miss callahan stand there alice oh , hello . miss callahan hello . I just meet Amy and she point out where you live . Alice start take off she glove and hold the door wide with she foot . alice please come in . miss callahan come in . alice ( cont 'd ) ever since yesterday I have be think about you . she start to close the doer . alice ( cont 'd ) I have be think you be the sort of person I would like to know better . I be glad you come . she have get she glove off and she take miss callahan 's elbow to start she toward the live room . ext . suburban STREET corner - day Amy come from the direction of she own house . she stand for a moment at the corner , hesitant , then look at the ring and start off toward the farren house . int . reed live room - day Edward have depart , take he clean apparatus with he , and Alice be show the room to she new -found friend , miss callahan . they move along the fireplace wall . Alice point out a model to miss callahan . alice Oliver 's pet , I be sure it would be the first thing he would grab if we ever have a fire . miss callahan I know how it be . my dad collect miniature canon . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Alice reach to the mantel and hold up a bronze canon model . alice if they be connect with boat , we have " they . she set the model down and they move toward the next wall . miss callahan ( as they go ) they may be trouble to dust , but they be nice . I like to see a home like this -- a home connect with people 's work and thought — thing they love . as she finish speak the two woman come abreast of the goya painting of the three cat with they mad , stare eye . alice it do not fit , do it ? miss callahan shake she head . alice ( cont 'd ) but it be a part of we life too -- a part of we past , it 's a goya reproduction . that three cat -- ( point ) be suppose to be the most beautifully draw cat in western art . miss callahan but you do not keep a cat , do you ? alice we do not even like they , ( look at the painting ) I have often think of give it away , but Oliver would not stand for it . it be he first wife 's favorite picture . she be a artist . miss callahan I do not know Mr. reed have be marry before . alice yes . as a matter of fact , I be on the point of tell you about it yesterday — about Oliver 's first marriage — and he wife 's death . it have so much to do with Amy — although he will never realize it . they have move to the sofa . Alice sit down and miss callahan join she . Alice push the box of cigarettes toward script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary she . miss callahan shake she head . Alice take one and begin to light it . she get up and miss callahan get up after she . ext . farren garden - day Amy , with the serious mien of one intent upon a errand , come down the street and turn in at the pergola of the farren home . ext . farren house -- day Amy cross from the pergola to the porch . she climb the step , knock and wait a moment . the door open and miss farren stand there . amy can I see the lady who give I this ring ? she hold up the ring . without a word , miss farren let the child pass in and close the door behind she . int . hall -~ farren house -- day the great heavy drapery of this room be draw . as the door close behind Amy , the twilight of this somber ante chamber close around the child . the weird ornament , the rococo furniture , the angular stairway , loom darkly around she . in front of she , tall and pale , stand Barbara farren . barbara what be it ? amy my mother tell I to give back the ring to the lady who give it to I . Barbara stretch out she hand . Amy shake she head . amy ( cont would ) you be not the lady . Barbara point to a tall high - back chair . barbara sit there . frightened , and keep she eye on Barbara , Amy hoist herself up into the chair . without a word , Barbara turn and go out . the child look around . she glance at the sphinxes that guard though stairway and the grin statue of a negro serve may . she try to see beyond into though darken live room . she move try to find a more comfortable position in this stiff , high chair . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary ext . reed front yard -- day Edward , be gardening . at least he have on he gardening outfit , the brown sweater and cap and he have a pair of pruning shear in he hand but at the moment he have stop to survey miss callahan 's bicycle . his inspection of this vehicle have bring he to the book and he lean against the bicycle read from one of the book . int . hallway - reed home - day Alice and miss callahan be come out of the dining room into the hall . alice ( as if continue a conversation ) it 's almost as if there be a curse on we . I would not care if it be on I , but it seem to be direct against the child . irena haunt this house . Alice start to open the door . ext . reed front yard - day Alice open the door and she and miss callahan step through . Edward put the book back into the basket on the bicycle alice ( to Edward ) I think you be with Amy . edward no , she go runnin ' off to some old house she be talkin ' about yesterday . alice that 's the farren house . edward be that where she get the ring , Mrs. reed ? she should not be up there . alice but I tell she to go with you . edward she say something about that , Mrs. reed — but she do not tell I it be the farren house . I will get my other hat and coat and go over there . alice script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary you do that , Edward . he start out for the side driveway and go around the corner of the house . miss callahan ( wheeling she bicycle around ) that the old actress -- Julia farren ? alice yes , she 's a little odd , I understand . miss callahan but quite harmless , I be sure . miss callahan wheel she bicycle down the drive , ease it off the curb and prepare to mount . she wave . Alice wave back . int . farren hallway - day Amy be sit , a tiny figure in the big chair . she look around she . the hallway be still silent . she slip the ring on she finger , and then slide down off the chair , and start toward the door . a slight rustling sound attract she attention , and she turn . the entrance to the draw room , as Amy see it . a portiere like curtain separate the draw room from the hallway . Inside the draw room in the half - light be weird shadow . Amy timidly step forward to the draw room . she reach the curtain , gently push it aside , and step within the room . int . farren drawing room -- day the draw room , like the hallway , be deep with shadow . the draw room be cluttere with useless victorian and edwardian antique . Amy move slowly into the room , she attention go from one baroque object to another . on a small mahogany table there be a glass dome enclose a stuff dove that flutter over a mossy column of artificial forget - I - not . a low , cackle laughter sound o.s. startle , Amy look up . a corner of the room . in the dim light , the furniture throw large shadow . a amused , cackle laughter be hear . Amy , frighten , listen a moment . the laughter cease . Amy take a step toward the hallway . suddenly , there be a sharp , quick , rattling sound , and sunlight flood the scene . Amy cower , hide she eye from the bright light . Julia farren stand at the window , one hand still rest on the center rod of the old - fashioned shutter , through which script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary bright sunlight now pour . Mrs. farren be a fabulous creature . her face be paint , rouge , and powder ; and she wear a thick wig of outrageously red hair . there be jewele pendant glitter in she ear , ring on she finger , bracelet on she wrist . she wear a diamond necklace , and around she throat be a grosgrain ribbon with a huge ruby shine in the center . her gown be of the period 1915 , and be once a very elaborate Worth model . it be a tea gown of gold lace over velvet , but some of the panel of lace be tear and sagging . she lean on a black walk stick that have a diamond top . her scarlet lip open in a smile as she look down at Amy . Amy slowly let she hand fall from she face , and stare up at Julia farren , blink she eye in the unaccustom light . Julia farren adjust the rod on the shutter so that the light be softer and no longer glaring . she smile at Amy . mrs . farren I agree with you . God should use a rise amber spot . the sun be not kind . Mrs. farren move a few step to she chair , and sit down in it , as if it be a throne . with a wide flourish of one hand , she indicate the sofa across from she . mrs . farren ( cont would ) sit down , my child . Amy move to the sofa and slide up onto it . a large white cat leap onto the lap of Mrs. farren , who caress it gently . Amy be unable to take she eye from the fabulous woman before she . Mrs. farren smile a glitter smile . mrs . farren ( cont 'd ) I have be watch you . you could not see I , but I could see you . it be like peek through a slit in the curtain before the play begin . you would be a very good audience . I can see that . amy if you be the lady who give I a ring , my mother say I have to give it back to you . mrs . farren return it to I ? indeed you may not . I give it to you as a present . amy but my mother say I must not accept gift from stranger . mrs . farren script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Stranger ? Julia farren a stranger . why I have play every theatre from Boston to San Francisco . I have be to London and Paris . that day — that beautiful , shilling , golden day . amy but I only come to give back the ring . mrs . farren the ring ? we will have no more nonsense about the ring . she turn to the tea-table upon which a silver teapot , cup , and tea-thing be laid . mrs . farren ( cont 'd ) let 's have tea , shall we ? the tea will be good and strong and red now — the way I like it ! she start to pour , but there be a light sound of footstep in the hall . Mrs. farren look around . her whole body seem to freeze . a icy , hateful gleam come into she eye . Amy look at Mrs. farren , then , apprehensively , glance around . Barbara farren stand in the doorway , stare at she mother . Barbara be a woman of around thirty - five , tall blonde , beautiful . her eye , lynx - like , glint as she stare ; she look as if she might pounce , like a panther , into the room . her lip curl with faint contempt , and turn , she quit the room . Mrs. farren look at Amy . mrs . farren ( cont 'd ) she 's always spying on I . she creep into the room . she life upstairs , yet she 's always watch I — always ! amy who be she ? mrs . farren that woman be a imposter , a liar , and a cheat . how do you like you tea ? amy well ... . sometimes I get a spoonful of tea in a cup of hot milk . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Mrs. farren hand the teacup to Amy . mrs . farren there you be . take some cake , why do not you ? amy no , thank you . mrs . farren one little piece of cake will not hurt you . go ahead , take one . it 's full of fruit ... citron , cherries and ginger . it will make you dream . yes , wonderful dream . obediently , Amy take a piece of cake and munch on it . Mrs. farren be stir she tea . suddenly , she put she teacup down , and lean forward with new interest to the child . mrs . farren child , have you ever see a play ? Amy shake she head . amy I like storey . mrs . farren then I will tell you a story — a lovely story . do you know the story of rapunzel ? amy mommy read it to not . mrs . farren do you know the story of " the headless horseman ? " Amy shake she head . mrs . farren ( cont would ) you live right here in tarrytown and do not know the legend of sleepy hollow ? Amy shake she head again . mrs . farren ( cont 'd ) well , then you must hear it . I shall tell it to you . Amy clap she hand together gleefully . Mrs. farren get up , take Amy by the hand and lead she to a little chair which she place at the entrance of the alcove off of the live room . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary mrs . farren you sit here and we will pretend that 's a stage . she start toward the alcove . mrs . farren ( as she walk ) the headless horseman -- amy why have not he get a head ? mrs . farren it be shot off long ago in the great battle that be fight here ; with the british on one side and the Americans on the other . she have reach the alcove and draw the curtain a little and stand in the arch - way , turn to face the child . mrs . farren ( cont 'd ) at night the headless horseman ride ... there be a bang on the , outer door and she stop abruptly . both she and the child look off at the door . mrs . farren ( cont would ) I hear a knock at the South entry , knock , knock , knock --- never at quiet wake Duncan with thy knock I would thy couldst . int . farren hallway —- day with light , graceful step , Barbara farren cross the hall and open the door . Edward stand there , hat in hand . edward be my little miss here -- ? a little girl with hair about the color of yours , mar 'am ? without a word , Barbara step back to let he in . he come forward hesitantly . with a white hand she point toward the live room . int . farren live - room - day Edward come in . Mrs. farren and Amy have go halfway down the room to meet he . edward about time for you to come home , Amy . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary amy but Mrs. farren just start to tell I a story . please . mrs . farren ( imperiously ) let the child stay . edward ( beginning to hesitate ) now , I do not know Amy -- amy ( quick to take advantage ) he will let I stay , Mrs. farren . he will let I stay . mrs . farren good . she start back to she impromptu stage . edward ( protest ) now Amy , I do not say -- Amy be already engross in the idea of the performance to come . she take she seat again . Edward be force to fellow she and stand beside she . before he can resume he protestation , Mrs. farren begin she recital . mrs . farren on the dark night — on the stormy night -- you can hear he . he pass like the wind ; the flap and flutter of he great cloak beat like gaunt wing . the thunder of he horse 's hoof be loud , loud and louder , beat hard , beat strong on the freeze ground as he come riding , riding , riding . edward ( whisper ) Little miss , you can not stay here . you have get to come with I . Edward try to take Amy 's hand , but she put she finger to she lip shushing he . mrs . farren ... at the hour of midnight , down the road that go through sleepy hollow , across the bridge , he go gallop , gallop , always search , always seek script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary edward come away , Amy . the child be too engross to even hear he , hang on every word of the old lady 's recital . mrs . farren -- if you stand on that bridge at the wrong hour -- the hour when he ride by , he great cloak sweep around you , he swing you to he saddle bow , and you have to ride forever you eye see for he blind eye , you ear listen for he ear long deafen and dead , and always he cold arm around you , crush you into the cavity of he bony chest . then forever you must ride and ride and ride with the headless horseman . Amy shudder . Mrs. farren be delighted with the effect on the child . all she emotion spend on the narrative , she go back to she chair , pick up she tea cup and sip . mrs . farren ( cont would ) my tea have go cold -- bitter cold . edward come along now . he take Amy 's hand and start out of the live room . the old lady pay no attention to they departure . at the door Amy turn back . amy I have have a nice time , but I have to go home now . good-bye . Mrs. farren pay no attention . amy good-bye . Edward have succeed in get she to the hall door and they go out into the hall . int . farren hallway —- day Amy and Edward come out of the live room and go down the hallway to the front door . Edward fuss with the numerous bolt and chain which hold this structure close . suddenly , two slender , white hand come into the scene and , with a single twist , effortlessly unbolt the door . Amy and Edward look around . Barbara farren , as Amy see she . there be no expression on she face , yet she eye glint mysteriously as she look down script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary at the child . Barbara farren open the door . Amy look at she and smile . amy thank you . she go outside , and Barbara farren close the door after she and Edward . she turn back and start toward the live room . omitted . int . pergola - farren house - day Edward , hold Amy 's hand come halfway down the length of the pergola and lean over to talk at the same level as the child . he talk in a low voice . edward Little miss , do not you never come here alone . you give I a fright , you do . amy but she 's such a nice lady . edward but I do not want you come here alone . you get I to go with you when you want to come here . you promise ? the child nod solemnly without understanding . he wag he finger before she . edward ( cont would ) you be sure of you promise . Amy nod again . int . farren live room —- day Barbara farren enter and stand in front of she mother . she stand silently for a moment , then in a tone of terrible and suppress bitterness , she speak . barbara a liar -- a impostor -- you own daughter . you call I that and yet you be sweet and kind to the little girl -- a stranger -- the old lady do not even look up . barbara ( cont 'd ) look at I . I be you daughter . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary without lift she head , the old woman reply . mrs . farren my daughter , Barbara , die when she be six . that be long ago . you be only the woman who keep care of I . I know you . barbara look at I . the old woman keep she eye fix on the carpet . Barbara reach down and firmly take she mother 's chin in she hand , draw she face up . the old woman , despite the fact that she be force to face she daughter , avert she eye . mrs . farren you be a impostor . Barbara drop the old woman 's chin , turn and silently leave the room . dissolve int . amy bedroom -- night Amy be in bed asleep . moonlight fill the room . Amy lie perfectly still in quiet sleep , she hair tousle on the white pillow . at the window a branch of a tree be beat its leave against the pane of class . in the distance , muffle and faint , issue from no know direction , come the beat of horse 's hoof . Mrs. farren 's voice can be hear . mrs . farren' voice he come riding , riding , riding . on the dark night -- on the night of storm ... the word be repeat in and , out of sequence , a mad and irritate cacophony of verbiage . in the darkness of the window , against the background of beat bough , great hoof appear , strike at the air , bright shoe flash , the calk catch the light . the hairy fetlock be dank and wet . the chest of the horse , he flaring nostril , the wildly roll eye , the mane , wind toss and merge with the agitate branch of the tree , come into terrifying close up . then , suddenly , the headless horseman in hussar uniform , the braid , white and ghastly , stretch across the darkness of he uniform , come into view . crook in bias arm be he dead head , surmounted by a hussar 's cap . the eye be close and droop . the cheek hang putrescent and flabby . only the spike mustaches be upright and give the lie to death . around this horse and figure , whip the great black cloak . one fold of it swoops across the face of the sleep child and she waken , sit up in bed and scream . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary int . reed live room —- night group shot of Oliver and Alice with miss callahan and a man friend . they be seat around a card table , play bridge . they be laugh as they conclude the game . Alice , who be dummy , suddenly put out she hand , and they be silent . alice listen ! everybody listen a moment . Oliver look at Alice . oliver what be it , Alice ? alice ( shrugging ) I think Amy be call . I guess not . miss callahan smile at she and begin to shuffle the deck of card . int . amy bedroom - night Amy be huddle in bed , badly frighten . there be only the pitiful , sighing sound of the branch of the tree outside , sway in the wind . Amy , clutching she hand together , look down and spy the ring on one finger . she turn the ring , whisper : amy my friend ... I be frighten ... my friend . full shot of Amy 's window . the soft curtain billow out far into the room . in the moonlight the leafy branch of the tree seem to dance , throw shadow into the room . the shadow dance across to Amy 's bed , the camera following they , Amy smile and settles down under the cover . her eye be heavy with sleep . amy ( softly ) I be glad you come ... my friend sing I that song again . her eye close in sleep , and as she nestle she head back against the shadow , the shadow gain the vague , gray outline of a woman 's figure hold the sleep child against she breast . very softly a woman 's voice sing the old french lullaby . in she sleep Amy smile in contentment . int . reed live room - night script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary the four people be still play card . Oliver 's attention be not on the game ; he be listen to something , like a half remember fragment of song . Alice lean forward and touch he arm . alice Ollie . oliver ( he attention arouse ) what ? alice it 's you play . oliver I be sorry . I be somewhere else . he return to the card game . int . amy bedroom - night Amy be sleep peacefully . the last note of the song sung by Amy 's friend be finish , and the indistinct shadow lean over the sleep child . Amy smile happily . fade out fade in : int . reed live room - day Alice , with a kerchief tie around she hair and a cloth duster in one hand , be clean out a cabinet . from one of the shelf she take a stack of photograph and set they face down on the near - by table , Oliver and Amy enter the scene . Alice look up from dusting the shelf . alice Edward will give you you breakfast , Amy . amy ( climb up on a chair ) I have my breakfast while you be still asleep . Oliver lean over to kiss the back of Alice 's neck . oliver I have not have my breakfast . alice well , you know where it be . Oliver shrug he shoulder to Amy . oliver script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary you see the way I get treat . you be the only one who have any pull around here . Amy laugh , end Oliver go into the kitchen . while Alice continue with she clean , Amy , kneel on the chair , lean over the table to inspect the photograph . she pick up the top one , turn it over , and be obviously fascinate by what she see . Alice rise and cross behind Amy . she stop and look down at the picture which Amy be look at with rapt attention . insert the picture hold in Amy 's hand . it be of irena dubrovna , Oliver 's first wife . back to scene . Alice take the picture from Amy and look at it . alice where would you get this , darling ? amy it be right there on top . be not she pretty ? alice ( quietly ) she be very pretty . amy what 's she name ? alice irena . amy ( repeat it , delighted with the sound ) irena . alice ( rise , with a change of mood ) look ! why do not you run out and play ? the sun 's shine . amy ( scramble down from the chair ) all right , mommy . Amy run outside . Alice quietly study the smile face of irena . she look up and discover Oliver crossing the hallway . Alice call to he . alice Ollie ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary he come into the room . alice I think maybe we should get rid of this , do not you ? she hand he the photograph of irena , which he take . he look at the picture . oliver where do you get it ? alice Amy pick it off the top of that stack . perhaps you would better go through the whole bunch . there may be other of irena in there . Oliver nod and sit down on the arm of the chair . he start to turn the photo over . alice some day I be afraid we be go to have to tell she about irena . oliver I suppose so . over the scene , from outside , sound the gay , childish laughter of Amy . Oliver raise he head , and listen for a second . he then begin sorting the photo . ext . reed garden - day as Amy walk along the garden path , she be bounce a large gaily - color ball . she be bounce it at first in a aimless sort of way ; then she throw it up into the air and catcher it . over the scene come the strain , of irena 's song , and Amy , with the ball in hand , look up . her eye brighten with a curious interest , and she lip part in a friendly smile . she toss the ball toward the camera . after a second it come back to she . this time the camera travel with the ball to show Amy 's friend , who catch the ball and toss it back to Amy . Amy 's friend be a woman in gray , chiffon garment . this be the first - complete materialization of the friend , and it be evident that she have the pretty , kitten - like face of irena , Oliver 's first wife . amy who be you ? irena you call I by my name . amy irena . but who be you ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary irena I be you friend . amy I have want a friend . irena I have want a friend too . I have be lonely . amy but where do you come from ? irena you would not understand . I come from great darkness and deep peace amy but where be that ? irena I can not tell you . amy will you be friend for always ? irena for as long as you will let I . amy I shall want you for always . irena ( kissing Amy 's brow ) for always , then . only you must promise never to tell anyone about I amy not even daddy ...or mommy ? irena no . this must be a friendship that only we shall have ... you and I ... Amy and she friend . amy oh , I like the sound of that .. , Amy and she friend ... Amy and she friend . Amy toss the ball in a excess of joy and happiness . irena catch the ball and run off , throw it back to she , Amy catch it , laugh delightedly . int . reed live room - day script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Oliver be stand before the fireplace , throw the photograph on the flame . one by one , he throw the few remain picture onto the fire , all save one , the last in the stack . he stand look at the picture . insert the photograph which Oliver hold in he hand . it be one of irena and he take together ; they be smile at one another . back to scene . Oliver look up from the photograph to note that Alice be in the dining room , and have she back to he . he weigh the photograph a moment in he hand and look up at the bookshelve near by . there be a thick photo album on one of the top shelf . quickly he insert the photograph between its leave . he move away from the bookshelf as Alice re-enter the room . she look at he , and then at the fireplace . the last part of the last picture that be throw into the fireplace be curling up , a blacken wisp of burn paper . ext . reed garden - day Amy and she friend be play happily . suddenly Amy stop play ; , hold the ball instead of return it , amy you will always play with I ? irena whenever you want . dissolve a series of dissolves ext . reed garden - day Amy and irena be swinging in the old swing that be attach to a tall limb of the tree . Amy be seat , hold onto the rope , while she friend stand behind she , pump the swing into high rhythm . Amy be laugh very gaily , have a marvelous time . irena be sing . Amy laugh merrily , as she and she friend swing up toward the heaven . dissolve ext . reed garden - day Amy be seat in a garden chair , do sum . it be a afternoon in late fall . Amy be wear a sweater . beside she sit irena , who watch the child anxiously . irena can not you get it , darling ? script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary amy I will just never learn arithmetic . irena but you must ! amy the number simply do not mean anything irena oh yes they do . look . one be like a tall princess . amy a princess ? irena of course . and two be the prince who kneel before she on one knee . amy yes , yes ! I see Prince , irena that 's right ! amy ( excited ) this be more fun than just pretend . irena of course , with renew enthusiasm , Amy apply herself to she lesson . int . reed live - room - night there be a fire in the fireplace , Oliver be seat on a stool before the fire , a highball in he hand , and he hand between he knee . he be gaze into the flame . Alice , on though sofa , be read a book . she lower it and look at Oliver . as she watch he , he suddenly grin . she smile in sympathetic reaction . alice what 's funny ? oliver ( without ) that darn kid . I never in my life expect she to get a a in arithmetic . math 's be a practical science --- if she understand figure , she 's well out of she own world of make - believe . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary dissolve out : dissolve in ext . reed garden - day Amy and irena be rake the dry leave into a burn pile . irena pick up a handful of leave and scatter they onto the flame . her voice take on a eerie note , irena there 's a oak leaf . adda maple . amy that one 's a elm . irena ( a strange ) light shine ) in she eye ) throw sea weed into the flame , and the fire turn blue ! amy ( perplex ) but we do not have any sea weed . irena pretend , darling . it 's all soul 's eve. ( take the child 's hand , chant ) round about the fire we go ... ( drop the child 's hand , she dance around the fire ) over the flame we leapt on the other side of the bonfire , she call to Amy . irena ( cont 'd ) come on , Amy . jump over the fire . Amy hesitates , but then shake she head and walk around the bonfire to join irena on the other side - amy no , I do not think that 's very much fun . let 's play house instead . you be the friend who come to see I . I will show you my child . irena you child ? amy my doll . we can pretend . irena smile at Amy , pat she gently as they take a few step script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary toward the doll . irena all right , Amy . ( reeling beside the child , buttone Amy 's sweater ) button you sweater , darling . it 's turn cold . amy yes , winter 's come . I do not like the winter , irena oh , but the winter 's fun . there 's the wind and the snow . you will like the warm fire upon the hearth , and the long , long night . Amy have hardly listen to irena ; she be busily lay out she doll in a row . amy all my child be take they nap . we must be very quiet . this be lottie ... she 's very good ... this be Mary Ann she 's good sometimes ... this be Virginia ... she 's hardly ever good . irena have seat herself on a rock near the pool , and watch the child with a wistful smile upon she face . there be a autumnal sadness in they pose and from the tree above they two dead leave drift silently down . dissolve to : ext . reed garden -- night the snow be fall in the same place where the leave have fall . camera look through the fall snow into the big window of the reed 's live room . a Christmas wreath of eastern holly be hang in the window . a decorate Christmas tree be set up in a prominent corner of the live room , and Edward can be see lighting the lamp in the room . a pleasant fire burn upon the hearth . Alice and Oliver can be see put the last decorative touch to the tree . dissolve to : int . reed live room —- night group shot of Alice , Oliver , Edward and Amy . as Alice and Oliver fasten the final garland of popcorn to the branch of the tree Amy come into the room , she arm laden with package . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary amy this be all from I . oliver ( inspect the top package ) this one say , " to mother from Amy . " alice oh , thank you , darling . amy you can not open it yet . you have to put all of they under the tree until morning . oliver I guess if you can wait , so can we . he start to put the package one by one under the tree , read aloud the name of each person for whom the package be intend . oliver ( cont 'd ) " to daddy from Amy . " here 's one for miss callahan . this one say , " to Edward from Amy . " . edward good heaven ! what could you be give I . Little miss ? amy just you wait ! oliver and this one 's for Mrs. farren . amy she give I a ring , so I be give she a ring . I pay twenty - five cent for it , too . oliver ( inspect the last package ) this one have not get a name on it . who 's this one for , Amy ? close - up of Amy as she look around at the other and then look away . group shot . Oliver hold the package out to she . oliver who 's it for , Amy ? do we have to guess ? come on , tell we who it 's for . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary closeup of Amy , as she lift she head . it be on she lip to say that it be a secret , but at that moment the sound of carol be hear from outside . Amy turn she head . group shot . everybody listen for a moment as the carol continue . caroler ' voice ( sing ) " it come upon the midnight clear , that glorious song of old , froci angel bend near the earth , to touch they harp of gold . " the four , meanwhile , go run to the window to look out . outside in the fall snow stand about eight caroler of various age and size . they be heavily over - coat and well wrap up in scarve . Alice turn to Oliver and then to Edward . alice ask they in , Ollie . Edward , fix something warm for they to drink . Oliver and Edward go to do as they be bid , and Alice turn away from the window . only Amy stand look out . ext . reed house - night the eight caroler stand in the snow , continue they carol in close harmony . caroler ( sing ) " peace on the earth , good will to man from heav an all gracious King , the world in solemn stillness lay to hear the angel sing . " full shot of Oliver as he open the front door and come outside . oliver merry Christmas ! come on in . wide shot as the caroler cheer and start toward the house with its open door . int . reed hallway - night the caroler enter the hallway , stamp the snow from they boot . they take off they hat and scarve and coat . among the caroler be lois huggins and miss callahan . among the caroler , too , be miss plumett , a pleasant - look club lady who look as if she might have step right out of the hopkinson drawing . whenever miss plumett talk , which be script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary often , she clarion - like tone rise about everyone else 's . oliver there 's a big fire in the live room . Edward 's fix something hot for you all to drink . miss plumett how bounteous ! but then I have always remark that you be a very bounteous young man , Mr. reed . oliver the sentiment be mutual , miss plummet . she laugh giddily . Oliver smile wanly and indicate the live room . oliver ( cont 'd ) right in here . int . reed live room —- night as the caroler enter the live room , Alice come forward to greet they . alice merry Christmas , the carol be beautiful . ad lib merry Christmas ... thank you , Mrs. reed ... what a marvelous fire ... and what a beautiful tree ... miss plumett my dear Mrs. reed , of all the house we have visit tonight , yours .. I do swear .. have the truest dyed - in-tradition Christmas spirit . alice why , thank you . miss callahan ( to Oliver ) the old girl ought to make a record of that . she say it at every house we go to . omitted . two shot of Amy and lois huggins . Amy be still stand in the bay window alcove , silently watch the scene with the adult , lois come up to she script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary lois what would you get for Christmas ? amy I do not know yet . lois ( make it sound very antediluvian ) my goodness , do not you open you present until Christmas morning ? amy lois we open ours on Christmas Eve . that 's consider proper . amy well , I guess we be not a very proper family . lois look at Amy as if she be last year 's hat . lois hm . she stroll away . Amy shrug she shoulder and look out at the assemblage again . another group shot . Alice be talk to two of the caroler . alice could not we have another carol ? I will play it for you , , or at least try to , on the piano . miss plumett overhear and take charge immediately . miss plumett of course you may have another carol . what shall it be , good friend ? they all gather around the piano , as Alice declare ; alice oh , I know one . " shepherd shake off you drowsy sleep . " there be a murmur of assent . miss plumett ( counseling ) now remember , all . we start con vivace , script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary mo . closeup of Amy , who now stand in the hallway . she be bored by the adult celebration . suddenly all the sound for she be wipe out of she consciousness , and she hear only a very sweet voice sing o.s. a old seventeenth century french carol . she turn and look out the window . long shot as Amy see she through the back window . irena stand in the garden beneath the big tree in the snow . she be sing . irena ( sing ) " D 'ou vient cett troupe d'ange , et tous les cieux pleln d'eclair ! eh! fi 'ou viennent ces louange , qui resennent de dan l'air ! " mo . shot of Amy as she , with a secret purpose shine in she eye , start back through the hall . she go into the live room , pick up the present that have no name on it , and go out into the hall . meanwhile , everyone have gather around the piano , and no one pay any attention to Amy 's action , all they attention be rivete on the sing of the carol . miss plumett ready , friend ? remember now , con vivace , and at the very end , poco ritardo , if you please . caroler ( sing ) " shepherd , shake off you drowsy sleep , rise and leave you silly sheep ; angel from heav and around loud sing , tiding of great joy be bring . " int . reed hallway - night mo . shot of Amy , as she take she coat down from the closet rack , slip into it , and softly go outside . from within the live room the caroler be hear . caroler ' voice " shepherd ! the chorus come and swell ! sing Noel , 0 sing Noel ! " ext . reed garden -- night as Amy come out of the house and down into the freeze garden , the camera panning with she , the clear , sweet voice of irena be hear , continue to sing the old seventeenth century carol . irena ( sing ) " je vous chanto une merveille , qui script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary remplit tout ce bas lieu d'une joio non pareille De la part do ce grand dieu , d'une jolo non parcille , De la part de ce grand dieu . " a few flake of vagrant snow still fall . Amy stand before she friend , who , finish the carol , smile at the child . irena ( cont would ) merry Christmas , Amy . amy merry Christmas , irena. ( hold forth the gift ) I bring you a present . irena ( take it ) oh , thank you , Amy . amy you can open it now , I guess . lois huggins say that 's proper , irena smile at she and open the box . she take out a tinseled angel hold a tinsel star . irena oh , how beautiful ! amy it remind I of you , so I buy it . it cost I more than all the other . irena ( pin it in she hair ) I shall wear it in my hair ! amy ( clasp she hand ) oh , that be more beautiful than I ever imagine it ! ( sorrowfully ) I wish I could show you to mommy and daddy . I wish you could enjoy Christmas with we . irena you and I shall enjoy Christmas together . shall I show you my Christmas gift to you ? amy oh , please ! Amy 's friend smile and lift one arm heavenward . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary ext . skyscape - night - ( process from behind a bank of dark cloud the full moon emerge . ext . reed garden - night as the full moonlight fill the scene , irena turn she hand toward the tree and bush of the garden and the forest behind it . Amy turn to look . full shot as Amy and irena see it . the scene be light up as if by magic . all the icicle on the tree glitter like jewel . the scene sparkles with the beauty of fairyland . two shot of Amy and irena . Amy clasp she hand in sheer delight . from the house come the voice of Alice call . alice' voice Amy ! Amy ! where be you , Amy ? a long shadow fall across the scene from the doorway . irena look toward the house . ext . skyscape - night - ( process the noon go behind , a bank of dark cloud . ext . reed garden - night two shot of Amy and she friend as the shadow cover they . alice' voice Amy ! irena better go in now . ( she kiss the child ) run along , darling . she run a few step , but then turn to call back : amy merry Christmas . irena a merry Christmas to you , Amy . Amy turn and run toward the house . closeup of irena , as she smile tenderly after the depart child . dissolve script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary ext . reed garden - night the camera travel through the fall snow to the place beneath the tree , where irena have sung and wait for Amy . almost cover by the snow be the footprint which Amy make go to and from she friend . in the snow lie the package which Amy have bring out to irena . it be unopen . the gentle snow be rapidly cover Amy 's gift from sight . the bittersweet melody of Amy 's friend sound over the scene . int . reed live room - day miss callahan stand with Alice . she be dress for walk and there be still little patch of snow on she coat . quite evidently they have exchange gift for both of they hold box in glossy Christmas paper and sticker . alice it have be a merry Christmas and a happy one for we . Amy , who be seat at the base of the tree , look up to corroborate this information . amy I get lot of present . miss callahan and you should . you mommy tell I you have be such a good girl , and you daddy be so pleased with you . Amy pick up a little package , get up and come toward the two woman . amy mommy , could Edward take I to Mrs. farren 's house to give she she present ? alice would not it be just the same , darling , if daddy drop the present at Mrs. farren 's on he way to town tomorrow morning ? amy but it will not be Christmas tomorrow . alice ( laugh in consent ) all right , Amy . go tell Edward to take you . Amy run off toward the kitchen . miss callahan script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary do she go up to the farren 's often ? alice no . I only let she go with Edward . it 's alright . ext . reed garden - the back porch - day Amy come out of the kitchen and she hold the door open a moment to call . amy hurry Edward , hurry . from inside Edward 's voice can be hear . edward voice just have patience , little miss . Amy start toward the step , when suddenly she attention be arrest by something back of the garden . ext . reed garden - day on the other side of the fence , its delicate fetlock deep in snow , outline against the green pine tree , stand a doe . its great mild eye look at the child . mo . shot of Amy look at the doe . a expression of great delight and enthrallment be on she young face . suddenly , from behind she , irena step and stand there watch the deer . without turn she head , the child speak . amy so beautiful , irena . so beautiful . irena you want to share this moment with I . amy it stand so still . irena because it know it can move with the swiftness of strong wind . amy I can sea its breath in the cold . irena it 's a warm breath -- warm and strong — warm by the sunlight that shine on the deer 's back in the hot summer ; sweet with leave and moss . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary amy May I pet the deer ? irena it be wildness and freedom . no one can touch it . amy I want to touch it . irena smile . the child run forward down the step and into the yard . with one great bound , the deer leap away and be go from sight . the child stop . from behind she she hear the heavy clumping of Edward 's galoshes on the porch . irena have vanish . amy there be a deer on the other side of the fence . edward it 's a hard winter . all the animal be bold as brass , come down into the street for food . you will see a lot of deer this winter . he take Amy 's mitten hand . edward ( cont 'd ) come on now , we would better hurry if we want to get to Mrs. farren 's before dark . they start out of the yard . dissolve int . farren drawing room - day Mrs. farren be seat on the sofa . she wear one of she fabulous creation , a Lucille tea gown , with long flow sleeve and web-like lace . jewel again cover she finger and arm and throat , and brilliant dangle from she ear . Amy be seat beside she and Edward sit stiffly on a little chair face Mrs. farren and Amy . amy ( hold out the gift ) I bring you a present . merry Christmas . mrs . farren ( pleased ) a Christmas present . it 's be so long since I have have a Christmas present . Edward point to a little , neatly wrap box on the table beside Mrs. farren . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary edward there 's a present you have not open yet , mar 'am . mrs . farren ( glance at it ) that 's from she -- that woman . Amy touch she own present in Mrs. farren 's hand . Mrs. farren unwrap the gift as she talk . mrs . farren ( cont 'd ) well , let 's see what we have here . in my time I have have many present , Christmas and otherwise . the King of Spain once give I this ring . she have the small package unwrapped , take off the lid , and look at the cheap , glitter ring inside . she take it out and hold it up in the firelight . mrs . farren ( cont 'd ) a ring ! a beautiful ring ! oh , how it shine . she slip off the ring that the King of Spain have give she , toss it carelessly onto the table , and fit the new ring to she finger . mrs . farren ( cont would ) what should I do with the King of Spain 's ring when I have this to put in its place ? ( admire the new ring ) for this be a ring give to I out of friendship and love ... and that 's more than I can say for any of the other . ( smile at Amy ) thank you , my child . Amy smile at she . suddenly , a shrill scream of anguish , like a child 's be hear . Amy turn around . Mrs. farren start up . mrs . farren ( cont 'd ) what 's that ? look into the room , stand Barbara farren . one hand brushes aside the portiere . she look at the old woman . group shot . Mrs. farren return the glance of Barbara farren . edward it 's some animal hurt in the wood that make that sound . mrs . farren script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary ( listen ) wait a minute . listen . amy what ? mrs . farren do not you hear it ? edward what be it , mar 'am ? mrs . farren ( hushed voice , tense with madness ) listen . there it be again . it 's the horn of herne , the huntsman . amy who 's herne the huntsman ? mrs . farren do not you read Shakespeare ? Amy shake she head . mrs . farren ( eye shine , rise ) " there be a old tale go , that herne , the hunter , sometimes a keeper here in Windsor forest , doth all the winter time , at still midnight , walk round about a oak , with great ragg would horn ; and there he blast the tree , " ( with a sigh ) ah , well , it 's a bad generation -- forget all the beautiful word . I will tell you plainly -- there 's a wild huntsman who scour the forest with he dog and he man . he wind he horn and the wood echo with it . everywhere he pass the animal be slaughter and lie dead beneath he trample foot . if he should catch up with anyone walk in the wood , forever and forever they would have to hunt with herne , the huntsman and he wild rout . hear he horn ? the question be address to both person . Amy nod and Edward shake he head . amy and do he kill people ? mrs . farren no , not people -- just deer and game , but script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary the people he catch can never be free again . they too must kill and kill , cover themselves with blood . Edward , get alarmed by now , decide that the visit have last long enough . he look toward the shutter window . edward it 's dark . we would better be get on . the family will be wait . mrs . farren such a brief visit , but dear child , it have make my Christmas very merry . she take Amy 's little hand and press they against she withere cheek , tenderly . from the doorway , Barbara watch , bitten deep with jealousy and hurt . amy ( as Edward take she hand and ) start to lead she from the room ) merry Christmas . she reach the doorway and Mrs. farren blow she a kiss . Barbara move with they to the door to let then out . int . farren hallway - night silently , Barbara watch Edward and Amy pass out into the snow - fill darkness , then she turn back into the hall . Mrs. farren , look at the sparkling new ring on she finger be walk toward the stair . barbara ( bitterly ) you do not even open my present and I be you daughter . mrs . farren my daughter die long ago . very slowly , hold onto the banister , Mrs. farren start ascend the stair . Barbara stand watch she . ext . road - dusk early winter darkness be in the air . it be not snow , but a wind be blow , rustling the garment of Edward and Amy , who walk down the road . the color man be lead Amy by one hand ; in he other hand be a pocket flash , which he now turn on . the ray of the flashlight cut through the darkness , the beam fall upon the snowy road . suddenly Edward stop short , stare down before he . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary the camera pan along the ray to where it disclose lie upon the snow in a pool of blood the mangle body of the little deer . Edward quickly try to hide the pathetic sight of the dead deer from Amy 's eye by switch the flashlight off the object and by put a arm around the child , shield she from view the carcass . edward must not look , little miss . must not look . amy but I see what it be . it 's the little deer . Edward have pass by the deer and be walk along more rapidly now with Amy . edward bad luck to see death in the snow . amy but what happen to the little deer ? edward probably hit by a car . hard to see thing in the twilight . amy why be it just lie there ? why do not it get up ? edward because it can not . it 's dead . amy but it be alive — it be fast and strong ! edward it get hit . amy but where have it go ? where 's all the strength and the quickness ? Edward can not answer the child 's question , so he make a secret of it . he raise he finger to he lip . he shrug amy ( ponder a moment ) I will ask my friend . she will know . Amy immediately dismiss the whole project from she mind and walk along with Edward . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary fade out fade in int . reed live room - evening Oliver be just finish dismantle the Christmas tree , put the ornament away in box for another year . Amy , Alice , and miss callahan be sit before the fire , throw the dry branch of the Christmas tree onto the grate , where they blaze up , burn brilliantly for a moment , and than die away . alice I love the smell of pine . miss callahan it 's one of the clearest memory I have . twelfth night ... burn pine ... and mummer ! play . alice ( laugh ) it 's be age since I have even think of a mummer ' play . when I be in college we use to do they every year — St. George and the Dragon , all kind of sword dance . she get up and cross to though bookcase where the album be put . alice ( cont 'd ) I have even get some picture of myself all get up in tatter green and wave around a wooden sword . they be in here , I think . as she come back toward the group , a photograph fall from the album . alice ( cont 'd ) oh , oh . what do I lose ? Amy scramble forward to pick up the photograph . amy I have get it , mommy . Amy turn over the picture to look at it . she gasp , and then she face brighten with a happy smile . insert the photograph in amy hand . it be the picture of Oliver and irena , which Oliver have put in the back of the album week ago . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary back to scene . Amy run happily to she father , gaze in wondrous delight at the photograph she hold in she hand . amy daddy ! oliver yes , Amy ? amy why , daddy , you know my friend too ! Oliver stare at she a second , then take the photograph from she and look at it . there be a pause , and he look closely at Amy . oliver you could not know this woman . she die before you be bear . why do you call she you friend ? Amy realize by the seriousness of he tone that once more she have offended she father . she have no way , however , of know the reason for that offense . Alice have come over and be stare down at the picture which she have take from Oliver . Oliver kneel down so that he eye be on a level with Amy 's . oliver ( cont 'd ) Amy , answer I . why do you call she you friend ? amy because she be my friend . Amy be confuse and overwrought , Alice , hope to divert Oliver , touch he on the shoulder . alice Oliver , please . let 's not go on with this . the child 's tremble . oliver we have get to go on . ( to Amy ) Amy , here , all this time , you have let you mother and father think you have forget that old dream life of yours . now we find you have only keep it secret . amy ( insistently ) it be not a secret . she play with I . she play with I in the garden all the time . right out there in the garden , she do ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary oliver in the garden ? would she be there now ? amy she 's there whenever I call she ! Oliver look at Amy a moment ; then he rise and take the child by the hand , go out of the room toward the - rear of the house . Alice and miss callahan look after the father and child , Alice hold in she hand the offend portrait . ext . reed back porch - evening Oliver and Amy come out onto the porch . Oliver have pick up a coat and put it over the child 's shoulder , he have hold of Amy by one hand . he be very tense , and Amy be perplex by he attitude . oliver Amy , I want you to look all around ».. very carefully ... and then I want you to tell I if you friend be out there now in the garden . Amy look at he . oliver ( cont 'd ) do you understand , Amy ? Amy nod and turn to look out into the garden . almost immediately she face brighten . ext . reed garden - evening under the old tree irena stand , look toward the child . o.s. be the sound of Amy 's voice . amy voice irena ! ext . reed back porch - evening Oliver look down at the child . amy ( happily ) she 's there , just like I say she would be . oliver where , Amy ? where do you see she ? amy ( point ) do not you see she ?... right there , under script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary the tree . ext . reed garden - evening in alarm , irena be make a desperate gesture of silence to the child . ext . reed back porch - evening Oliver again kneel so that he eye be on a level with the child 's . he grip Amy 's shoulder in the intensity of he emotion . oliver Amy , there 's nothing there . there 's no one at all in the garden . amy but irena be in the garden . she 's right there , under the tree . oliver listen , darling . I want you to look once more . take as long as you want . look very carefully , and then I want you to tell I that no one 's there . amy but ... oliver ( silencing she ) I have eye too , and I tell you no one 's there . if you deny that , if you insist that this woman you call you friend be in the garden , then I be afraid I shall have to punish you . do you understand ? Amy nod she head . Oliver turn she around so that she be face the garden . oliver ( cont 'd ) all right . Amy . tell I that you see nothing . Amy look toward , the garden . ext . reed garden - evening irena raise a finger to she lip and shake she head , warning in pantomime the child to deny she . ext . reed back porch - evening Amy stand stare out at she friend . Oliver look down at script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary she intently . Amy glance up at he , then again out toward irena . Amy 's lip be tremble . the tear gather in she eye . suddenly she cover she face with she hand and sob in anguish . amy but she be here . Oliver look at she , then take she by the hand , open the door , and go back into the house with the child . int . reed lower hallway -- evening Oliver come in from the back of the house , lead the child by the hand . he start upstairs with she . Alice come to the live room entrance and look after Oliver and Amy . neither one see she , and Oliver continue on upstairs with the child . int . reed live room - evening miss callahan come up behind Alice , who watch Oliver go on upstairs with Amy . from upstairs o.s. sound the noise of a door close . Alice take a step forward , then , think better of it , turn to confront miss callahan . she try to smile at the woman . miss callahan put a arm around Alice and lead she back to the fire . miss callahan , in a effort to distract Alice 's mind , pick up a branch of the Christmas tree . miss callahan you know , there 's another thing I just remember , when you burn a pine branch tear from a Christmas tree , you be suppose to make a wish . from o.s. upstairs sound the murmur of angry voice , Oliver 's and Amy 's , Alice raise she eye upward and sit , listen . miss callahan listen a second , then continue in a effort to be doubly gay . miss callahan ( cont 'd ) we be such a large family that I remember one twelfth night there be no pine branch leave for I to wish upon , but my brother , who be nearest I , say . , " do not you worry . I will wish for both of we . " the voice upstairs reach a climax in its anger . miss callahan can not continue to feign joy . Alice look upstairs bitterly . alice forgive I , but it be superstition ... foolish , childish wish ... that script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary start , all this . miss callahan what do you mean ? alice I can see it all ... the very day it begin . Amy be lonely ; she be desperate for friendship . I remember the night she tell I she have wish on she ring . that must have be the day she first wish for a friend . miss callahan be about to speak , but o.s. there be the sound of a door close harshly . Alice and miss callahan look toward the hallway . int . reed stairway - evening Oliver come downstairs . at the foot of the stair he pause a moment , look up toward Amy 's room ; then he turn and enter the live room . int . reed live room - evening Oliver come in , pick up a cigarette , light it , and blow out a puff of smoke . he look at the two woman . oliver she refuse to deny it . she continue to believe in she lie . miss callahan but do not you see ... it 's just what I be about to say to Alice ... Amy in she own mind may not be lie . oliver but there be nothing , no one in the garden . miss callahan she need , a companion , so out of she own hunger she create one . in she mind she friend be in the garden . in she mind she friend never leave she . right this very minute I be sure she 's upstairs sobbing out she grief to a friend who exist only in she mind . dissolve to : int . amy bedroom -- night scene of farewell between amy and irena ( already shot ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary int . reed live room - evening Oliver be look at miss callahan . Alice be by he side . oliver everything you say be no doubt very true . but what worry I be that Amy keep escape from reality . I go through that once - with irena . I see she ... Alice and I both see irena lose she mind . do you think I can sit here calmly and watch my child . int . amy bedroom - evening Amy stand at the window , look out the window after she friend . she turn , see she coat on the chair , and make up she mind . still sobbing from she grief , she put on she coat , cross to she closet , get out she galoshes , put they on , wrap a scarf around she neck , and cross to the door . very quietly she open the door . downstair , o.s. , the voice of Oliver , Alice , and miss callahan be hear , although what they say be indistinquishable . on tiptoe Amy steal out into the hall . through the open door of she bedroom she be see to go down the hall and start softly down the stair , she shadow loom up large on the wall at the head of the stair . ext . reed back porch - evening Amy softly close the door behind she , look around she for a moment . the air be cold but clear . with determination , she step down into the garden . ext . reed garden - evening the camera be set up behind Amy to show - the tiny trace of she footprint which she make in the snow . she go to the edge of the garden , duck down between the hedge at one corner , and crawl out into the wood . ext . wood - evening Amy rise up from the hedge and stare about she . the tree loom up in the night , tall and silent . she start walk through the wood toward the road . dissolve int . reed live room - evening miss callahan have pick up the portrait of irena and be study it . she turn to Oliver and Alice . miss callahan script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary it 's perfectly normal for a child to dream . I can see how a sensitive little girl , find this portrait , would take the image of this woman and make of she a imaginary friend . that image dwell only in she imagination , and that image can go as quickly as it be bear . alice how ? miss callahan ( quietly ) once the emptiness in Amy 's life be fill , the dream will go of itself . if a up to you , both of you . only you two can bring she into a real world .. you must give she the friendship and love she crave . oliver but we have . she 's want for nothing . miss callahan perhaps she 's want for understanding . miss callahan 's word silence Oliver . he look from she to Alice , who try to smile encouragingly at he . Oliver look upstairs . the glimmer of a smile show on he face ; he look at the two woman , and then hurry out of the room , go into the hallway and run up the stair . Alice look at miss callahan gratefully . int . reed lower hallway - evening as Oliver come rush down the stair , Alice come out of the live room with miss callahan behind she . alice Oliver , what be it ? Oliver have pick up he coat and be put it on . oliver Amy . she 's go . better get you coat . he be on he way to the rear of the house . Alice pick up she coat and quickly follow he , put on she coat as she go . miss callahan , who have stand in the doorway , grab she coat and start after they , but then turn and quickly dial the operator on the phone . miss callahan ( into phone ) give I the state police . and hurry ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary ext . reed garden - night Oliver and Alice come cut of the house . Oliver have a flashlight . he find the footprint of Amy in the snow and follow they to the hedge . a cold wind be blow . Oliver look up at Alice . oliver she 's go into the wood . unable to crawl , like Amy , through the hedge , Oliver and Alice run down to the gate , where they be join by miss callahan . dissolve ext . post road - night Amy walk down the road , the camera trucking in front of she . it be very quiet , and there be only the rhythmical sloshing of Amy 's shoe as she plow she way through the heavy snow . she look from side to side as she walk along . closeup of Amy 's face as she walk along , look from leave to right . suddenly she look ahead and stop abruptly . the snail bridge that cross the freeze stream , as Amy see it . the bridge be blankete with snow and be illumine by the full glare of the cold moonlight . closeup of Amy 's face as she look at the bridge . over the scene , as in she memory , be the voice of Mrs. farren . mrs . farren' voice up and down he ride ... Amy start slowly , the camera panning with she , to the bridge . at the entrance to the bridge she stop and look ahead . ext . post road bridge - night the snowy road stretch over the small length of the bridge and disappear into the gloom of the forest . closeup of Amy 's face as she look round about she . Amy swallow hard and then step forward onto the bridge . the camera pan with she as she walk along . about the time she have reach the halfway point in she journey across the bridge , she stop , still with terror . in the distance be a sound that seem very much like that of the hoof of a approach horse gallop closer through the winter night . Amy turn and look behind she . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary the post road , as Amy see it , stretch out into the shadow . there be nothing stir , but the sound of the approach horseman grow louder and louder . Amy turn she head away and start to run . the sound grow louder , closer , fill the screen . Amy stumble and fall . she cower against the side of the bridge , as the rider thunder down upon she . the sound tear past she , and a shadow brushes by she and be go . timidly she look up . rear shot of a old automobile , as Amy see it , drive as fast as possible across the snowy road . the car have no light . camera pan down to a closeup of a back tire of the automobile . it be cover with a chain , but the chain have become ; loose and be flap rhythmically against the road , make a sound like that of horse hoof . rear shot of the automobile as it disappear into the forest . Amy rise to she foot . she brushes the wet snow off she coat and continue on across the bridge . as she reach the end of the bridge , a few snowflake begin to fall upon she . it be snow again . Amy look up . ext . skyscape - night - ( stock the moon be disappear behind a bank of gray cloud . ext . post road - night as Amy look up , the clear glow of the moonlight vanish , and there be only a ominous gray reflection of suffuse light upon she face . it snow harder , faster . Amy start walk again , the camera panning with she . Amy hesitates a moment , look at the tulip tree . ext . andre's tree -— night Major Andre 's tree , with its gnarled branch cover with snow and ice , stand black and forbid against the background of white snow . ext . post road - night Amy hesitates , reluctant to pass the tree . it be snow hard now , and a shrill wind be blow . the gaunt tulip tree be even more dreadful now , with the wind wave the branch about against the snow . the shadow be long and waver . suddenly with a gust of wind the branch blow downward , like long thin arm , reach to ensnare Amy . Amy , terrify , turn , leave the road , and run into the adjoin snow script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary cover meadow . ext . meadow - night Amy stop run and begin to walk , the camera panning with she . suddenly she sink into a spot of soft snow , and it be only with a great effort that she pull herself out . she crawl onto the hard snow and make she way onward , disappear into the snowstorm . dissolve int . farren drawing room -- night Barbara farren , wear a negligee , be stand at the lace curtain window , look out at the storm . the wind sound shrill . with a shiver , Barbara drop the curtain and come back into the room . she pick up a decanter and pour herself a drink , which she downs quickly . Julia farren be sit by a lamp , go through a old prompt book . she look up , and the faintest shadow of a smile show on she face as she look at Barbara . the wind beat against the house . nervously Barbara pour herself another drink and be about to drink it when she discover she mother watch she . Mrs. farren smile , and a little chuckle escape from she lip . mrs . farren do not you like the wind , regan ? or be you name goneril ? she laugh to herself and lift she face up to Barbara . mrs . farren ( cont would ) " blow , wind , and crack you cheek ! rape ! blow !... now rain , wind , thunder , fire , be my daughter ... " ( smile ) oh , I could be queen to King lear tonight ! the wind sound shrilly again . Barbara drink the drink she have pour and cover she ear with she hand barbara I hate the storm . I hate it ! mrs . farren ( shaking she head , sadly ) the storm have do everything they can to I , I do not hate they . I do not even hear the wind . it blow beyond I . it be on such a night as this that Barbara die . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary barbara but I be Barbara . I do not die . mrs . farren my Barbara be kill . I kill she . yes , it be my fault . everyone tell I not to drive from the theatre . there be a raging wind that night , and snow and ice . all be well until we get to the sleepy hollow bridge . Barbara be sing a little song and then ... I do not know how it happen .. when I awaken , they tell I the car be overturn , and they would not let I see Barbara . Barbara be dead . Barbara come close to she mother and lean over she . barbara but I do not die . do not you understand ? it be you . you mind be dead for nearly ten year after that accident . you do not know anybody ; you could not remember anything . and then , when memory return , you call for I , and I come into you bedroom to see you . I be sixteen year old then , ten year older than when you last remember I . you say I be not you daughter ... I love you ... I want you for my mother ... but you deny I . you say they be play trick on you , that you daughter be a little girl . she take the old woman by the shoulder and stare at she intensely . barbara ( cont 'd ) look at I now . look into my eye . tell I I be Barbara ... you daughter Barbara . Mrs. farren look at Barbara for a moment , then shake she head and withdraw back into she chair , tear the girl 's finger from she shoulder . mrs. farren no , no . it be not true . everything you say be a lie . you be a poor , drunken woman . you be not my Barbara . Barbara , frustrated , sigh heavily , and pick up the decanter , pour herself another drink . dissolve ext . meadow - night script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Amy wander blindly through the storm . closeup of Amy 's face , as she try to peer ahead of she through though fall snow . her lash be frost with snow . her breath be icy . Amy stumble onward through the snowstorm . she fall and lie for a moment , she cheek against the cold whiteness . then she drag herself to she foot and stand wearily , sway with fatigue . she force herself on and reach a great boulder . she rest there for a moment , lean hard against the freeze rock of ice and snow . she slip to she knee and lean back against the rock . she can go no further , the snow fall relentlessly upon she . closeup of Amy 's face as she eye close . she lean she head against the rock and sleep . the camera pull away until Amy be lose from sight , and there be only fall snow . dissolve ext . post road - night the motorcycle ( with sidecar ) and police car , with headlight glaring in the fall snow , speed along with siren blow . ext . post road bridge - night the car and motorcycle cross the bridge and come to a abrupt halt on the other side near the meadow and the beginning of the forest . the captain of the trooper post out of he car . two trooper with two hound on leash stand wait . trooper this be where she must have leave the road . the hound have pick up she scent on that freeze meadow . captain good . Oliver , Alice , and miss callahan meet the captain on the road . captain ( cont would ) we will have to leave the car here and cut across the meadow on foot . oliver all right . go ahead . we will follow . they enter the freeze meadow , precede by the trooper with the hound on leash . they flashlight gleam . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary dissolve out dissolve in ext . meadow - night Amy lie against the white rock . the snow have drift down over she until she body be partially cover by it . her head be fall forward and to one side . she seem to be sleep a sleep of death . Far in the distance o.s. be hear the bark of the hound . the camera move in for a closeup of Amy 's face . the hound bark again far away . Amy 's eyelid flicker . over the scene , as in Amy 's mind , be the voice of Mrs. farren say repeatedly : mrs . farren' voice herne , the huntsman of death ... herne , the huntsman of death ... herne , the huntsman of death ... again the hound bark , and the captain 's shrill whistle sound in the distance . Amy be jolted suddenly out of she sleep . she rub she eye and listen . Far away , once more the hound be hear bark . Amy , frighten , struggle to she foot and look off . long shot of the meadow . through the fall snow , far away , be the tiny flashlight of the state trooper . the hound bay dismally . Amy , with new terror in she heart , stumble off into the wind and storm . dissolve int . farren drawing room - night Julia farren still have the old prompt book in she lap . Barbara , with a half drink in she hand , stand look down at a butterfly case in which there be a great many beautiful insect mount on victorian back . the old lady be gently hum to herself the song from " cymbeline " . Barbara listen for a moment . a new light come into she eye , and she come down to she mother . barbara yes , that 's it . that 's the very song ! the song from " cymbeline . " I be sing it , just like you say , the night of the accident . I can even remember the word ... ( sing ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary " fear no more the heat o' the sun . nor the furious winter 's rage ... she clasp she mother to she . barbara ( cont 'd ) oh , do not that prove something to you ? do not it ? mrs . farren anybody could know that song . Barbara be on she knee , lean close to she mother . barbara look at I . look at I , mother darling . look into my eye . what color eye do Barbara have ? mrs . farren Gray . they be a lovely , lovely gray . barbara and my eye ... my eye be gray . look ! you see ! mrs . farren ( peer ) yes ... yes , that 's true . barbara and my hair ... what color hair do Barbara have ? mrs . farren it be pale ... a shadow gold . Barbara gather up the end of she hair in she hand and hold they out to she mother . barbara my hair 's like that . be not it ? be not it ? the old woman look at the soft , fade hair , finger it gently . mrs . farren yes , so it be ... so it be ... ( remember ) Barbara . Barbara seize the word like a drown person snatching at a straw . barbara mother ! you call I by name ! script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary mrs . farren yes , Barbara ... Barbara ... Barbara throw herself into she mother 's arm and cling to the woman , sobbing with joy . barbara oh , mother ! mother , darling , you have call I . you know I . I do not mind anything now ... all the long year of wait ... all the starve , hungry year . we have find each other . I love you , I love you ! she cover the woman 's cheek with fevere kiss . suddenly a new terror strike she brain , and she hold the woman from she . barbara ( cont 'd ) promise I you will not forget tomorrow . you will remember , will not you ? you will not say that it be just a dream . promise I . mrs . farren yes . yes , Barbara , I sha not forget . Barbara rise happily to she foot ; the girl be overjoy . barbara it 's a dream come true . she grasp a piece of furniture to steady herself and brushes one hand against she eye , tired . then she turn back to she mother . barbara ( cont 'd ) there 's another promise you must make I . that little girl who come here ... she must not ever come to see you again . promise I you will not see she . mrs . farren I - sha not see she . no , Barbara , no . barbara ( insanely ) if that child come here ... if I find she try to steal you love from I ... i' 1ll kill she . yes , I will kill she : mrs . farren I will not see she , Barbara . I promise . Barbara smile tenderly at the old woman , and lean over , kiss she . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary barbara good night , mother , good night . mrs . farren good night ... Barbara ... Barbara smile and leave the draw room to go upstairs . Mrs. farren sit in the chair , a little smile on she face . over and over again she repeat the name of the girl . mrs . farren ( cont would ) Barbara ... Barbara ... Barbara .. dissolve ext . meadow - night Amy reach a small knoll and struggle up to its top , the camera panning with she . at the top she pause and look around she . closeup of Amy 's face as she brushes the snow away from she eye . a strength bear of desperation come into she face . Amy start down the knoll . she be go too fast , stumble , and roll down over though snow - cover hillside , she stop roll at the foot of though knoll . she pick herself up and plow forward through the drift . ext . farren house and garden - night Amy reach a iron railing and be able to pull herself along from one railing to another . she reach a gateway and pause , then step inside . Amy walk timidly along the drive under the pergola . Amy hesitates a moment beside a gargoyle - like statue in the garden , and then continue toward the house . as Amy start up the step , she look at the figure of the muse , drape in snow , on either side of the step , and then start up onto the porch . int . farren drawing room - night Mrs. farren be sit nodd in she chair . 0.s. come the sound of Amy 's voice call : amy voice Mrs. farren ! Mrs. farren ! there be a pound on the door . Mrs. farren be startle awake . she listen for a moment . the call and the pound script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary continue . she rise , and lean on she cane , go out into the hallway . int . farren lower hallway and stair - night Mrs. farren go to the door and with great difficulty manage to get it open . Amy , exhaust , almost fall into she arm . the child cling to the old woman . they stand in the open doorway , while though wind beat cruelly about they . mrs . farren Little girl .... poor little girl ... she try to shut the door , but the force of the wind be too much for she strength . as she push she weight against the door , the light in the old house begin to flicker . Mrs. farren look around she in terror at the dwindling light . she forget the door and stand hugging the child to she . the light go out , leave the two in shadow . mrs . farren ( cont would ) I will have to hide you , little girl . amy hide I ? why ? mrs . farren my little girl say she would kill you if you come to see I . I can not let you die . we will have to hide you . the old woman and the child move down the hallway toward though draw room . the wind rush through the open door , blow the drape out into the room . two hurricane lamp with flicker candle burn in they light the scene dimly . on the threshold Mrs. farren hesitates . mrs . farren ( cont would ) no , I can not hide you here . she know every corner of this room . there 's no safe place here . where ? oh , where can I hide you ? she turn and look up the stair . mrs . farren ( cont would ) yes , we will have to go upstairs . there 's a little room way up ... a little forget room wider the eave ... I can hide you there . they start up the stair together slowly . Mrs. farren take the step one at a time , while the child , cling closely to she . mrs . farren ( cont 'd ) script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary you will have to help I . I rarely go up the stair any more . the doctor forbade it . we will have to be very quiet ... ever so quiet ... my little girl be in she room , wait to kill you . we must not let she find you . o.s. in the far distance sound the bay of the hound . Mrs. farren stiffen and listen , a look of utter panic crossing she face . ext . meadow - night against a curtain of fall snow , the shadow of the policeman be project , angular , figure . the hound look like enormous , prehistoric animal . Tho captain 's whistle be hear blow , and the dog bark loudly . int . farren lower hallway and stair - night she start up the stair with the child cling to she . she lean heavily on she cane with one hand and hold fiercely to Amy with the other . she be gasp for breath . mrs . farren we must hurry . we must hide together , you and I . she pull herself up another step . the wind fill the hallway with echoe of the storm . the great tapestry and long somber drape billow out , weirdly shroud-like , whipping in the gust of wind . the effort be cost Mrs. farren a great deal . she be breathe hard . there be a cold sweat on she brow . Amy cling to she , frighten . amy hurry , hurry . mrs . farren yes , yes - her lip be tremble ; she face be draw with pain . the child and the old woman reach the first landing and be about to start up though second part of the stair , when Mrs. farren stumble forward , drop she cane , and grasp the balustrade . she fall down onto the step , huddle , up close against the banister . Amy kneel beside she . amy hurry ! mrs . farren I can not do it ! I can not do it ! she begin to whimper and hold she pound heart , try to quiet it . o.s. the hound be hear again , closer . Mrs. script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary farren lift she anguish face and hold tightly to Amy . she hug the child to she , press she cheek closely against Amy 's . her lip draw tightly with constrict pain . mrs . farren ( cont would ) it 's such a pity ... such a pity ... Barbara ... her head fall forward against Amy 's shoulder . closeup of Mrs. farren 's hand as it clutches tightly against Amy 's arm and then slowly relax and fall limp . Mrs. farren lie huddle lifelessly against the banister , Amy be look at she . she reach forward and touch the old woman . amy ( softly ) Mrs. farren , ... Mrs. farren ... slowly Amy draw bid and away from the dead body of the old woman . from upstairs , o.s. , suddenly come a pound on the door and the muffle , drunken voice of Barbara call out : barbara' voice let I out ! let I out ! Amy shrink away , terrify . from upstairs come a disparate sobbing and then there be quiet . Amy look about she . the wind fill the hallway again like a cavern . the drape and tapestry flap dismally , reach out toward she like talon . Amy look down the stair into the hallway . long shot of the hallway as Amy see it , with the drape billow , the wind moan and sighing . the hound sound , o.s. , very close . Amy sink down slowly onto the step . she be shiver with terror . she bury she face in she hand and begin to cry hysterically , she little body shake with great sob . suddenly the voice of irena be hear o.s . irena' voice Amy . Amy . Amy stop sobbing , lower she hand from she face , and look up . closeup of irena , as Amy see she , come down the stair . she smile comfortingly at the child . two shot of Amy and irena . Amy rise , clutching she friend eagerly . the tear be run down the child 's cheek . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary amy it 's you ... irena ... my friend ! irena ( brush away the tear ) do not cry , Amy . amy ( look around at Mrs. farren ) she 's dead ! I know what it be now when people say somebody die . I know what they mean ! and I be afraid . she 's dead ; she 's dead ! the child sob hysterically . irena touch Amy 's hair . irena you must not be afraid . amy ( sobbing ) but she 's dead ! irena Amy , listen to I . death be not such a terrible thing . amy oh , it be , it be ! death 's terrible . irena but , Amy ! Amy ... I be dead . closeup of Amy as she look at she friend . closeup of Amy 's friend as she smile at the child . two shot of Amy and she friend . amy ( in a whisper ) you ? irena yes , Amy . amy but why ? irena ( quietly ) death 's like life . death 's a part of life . it be not frightening . it be not the end of everything . it be not quiet and nothingness . it 's a part of all eternity . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Amy look at she friend , and a slow smile form on she face . irena bend down beside she and brushes the tear away from the child 's sailing face . irena ( cont would ) you be not frighten now , be you ? Amy shake she head , irena clasp she to she , kissing the child 's hair . suddenly there be the sound of boot footstep on the porch , voice call o.s . troopers ' voice in there . she must be in there . Amy and irena look toward the open door . the porch , as Amy see it . flashlight be gleam , cut through the wind and storm . the hound be bay loudly . the ray of the flashlight be come up into the house . irena draw away from Amy . as the ray of flashlight cut through the shadow and hold on Amy , irena slip back , vanish into the shadow on the stairway . Oliver enter the hallway , bound up the stair , and gather Amy into he arm . the hallway be almost immediately illuminate , as the light go back on . Oliver hug Amy closely to he . oliver oh , Amy ! darling , I think we would lose you . I think I would never find you again ! there be tear in he eye , a happy sob in he voice . Amy press she face close against she father 's . Oliver bring the child downstairs with he , where Alice and miss callahan be wait in the hall . alice darling . be you all right , darling ? Amy nod and kiss she mother . several of tha trooper have find the dead body of Mrs. parren on the stair . the captain rise , look down at Oliver . captain Mr. reed . Oliver turn and look upstairs . the captain indicate the body of Mrs. farren on the stairway , captain ( cont would ) this woman 's dead . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary amy yes , she be afraid . she say there be someone who want to kill I . oliver but there 's no one here , darling . amy she 's upstairs .. . the lady who life up there . the captain look at Oliver , turn to two of he man , and go on upstairs . int . farren upper hallway - night as the captain and he man be come down the hallway there be a muffle sound of sobbing behind one of the door . the captain stop and go to the door . he try the knob . captain the door 's lock , trooper the key 's there in the lock , sir . the captain , puzzle , turn the key and open the door . huddle on the floor against the door be Barbara farren , hysterical with rage and drink . the trooper pick she up . she brushes the hair from she face . barbara who turn the key in that lock ? I hear , the voice of my mother and the voice of that child , and when I try to get out , the door be lock . who turn that key and lock I in ? the man look at she , puzzle . captain there 's be no one up here , she look at then dully , and then she eye , look beyond they , see the poor huddle figure on the stairway she push aside the man and run down the hall toward the stair . int . farren lower hallway and stair - night Barbara farren kneel beside the body of she mother . the trooper follow she and stand beside she . barbara ( sobbing ) even you last moment be steal from I . script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary she look down the stair . Amy , in she father 's arm , be stare up at the woman on the stairway . in a terrible fury Barbara rise , glaring at the child . barbara you do it ! you steal she love ! thief . thief . you thief ! as she start down toward the child , the two trooper hold she and restrain she . she struggle in they arn , cry out in she rage , as they lead she back upstairs . Alice have pick up a old paisley shawl and now give it to Oliver , who wrap it around the child . Oliver smile down at any . oliver we be go home , Amy . Amy smile at he and nestle closer to he . miss callahan , Alice , and Oliver , with Amy in he arm , leave the house . the captain signal good night to Oliver . he turn to one of he man , who stand hold the key in he hand , look at it . trooper who do you think lock that door ? captain ( shrugging ) whoever do save the life of that child . that woman 's derange . they look up the stair where Barbara be take dissolve ext . reed back porch - night Amy , be carry out onto the porch by she father . the child cling happily to Oliver 's neck . he smile down at she . Amy look out into the garden . ext . reed garden - night under the old tree stand irena , smile happily at the child . a few flake of snow drift down before she . ext . reed back porch - night script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary Amy be smile out into the garden . amy daddy ? oliver yes , darling . amy tell I tha real truth . you can see my friend , can not you ? Oliver do not even look out into the garden . he lean down and brushes a kiss on Amy 's forehead . oliver yes , darling , I can see she . Amy turn , smile at he , and hug he closely . the end index script provide for educational purpose . more script can be find here : http://www.sellingyourscreenplay.comillibrary