dallas buyer club written by Craig borten &amp ; melisa wallack December 2 , 2012 1 ext . rodeo stadium - dallas - TEXAS - day 1 ambient sound of the crowd , rodeo , sex , and a strange ringing fade in along with image of ... a cowboy riding a bull in a enclose rodeo ring . ron woodroof , early 40' , handsome , long sandy hair , denim clad , wear snakeskin boot , dusty , cowboy hat , mirrore aviator , be engage in wild sex with a woman . he watch the rodeo through open slat in a bull stall as the steer throw the cowboy violently through the air ; he land hard on the dirt . another woman snort cocaine and offer some to ron as he switch over to have sex with she . the bull stomp the cowboy with its hoof . ron climax -- pleasure and pain seem to come out of he , but we can not hear he , only this strange ringing . rodeo clowns grab the cowboy 's limp body and drag he out of the ring . ron catch he breath ; something be off . ron ( v.o . ) do ya hear rock Hudson be a cock sucker ? 2 ext . rodeo stadium - locker room - day 2 a Dallas newspaper fold in half . July . 1985 . aids . New treatment . in Paris . rock hudson on the cover . a hand scribbles number over the photo . clint ( v.o . ) where would ya hear that ? clint ( 32 ) a greasy hick who 's spend the last five month under the hood of a chevy , hand ron a wad of cash . ron it 's call a newspaper . you hear of it ? ron smile , adjust he cowboy hat as he record some bet . nearby , bull fighter be put on they clown makeup . ron what a waste . all that fine Hollywood pussy on a guy who smoke he friend . a hand come down through the slat hold a ten dollar bill . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 2 ron c'mon rog , this be not the sandbox . twenty 's the minimum . rog slide another ten down ; ron snatch it . rog who the hell 's rock Hudson ? ron look at rog . a beat , then he start laugh , then cough ... 3 ext . rodeo stadium - bull stall - day 3 ... and cough as we follow he into the stall . ron glad - hand as he go ; it seem everyone know he but do not necessarily like he . he make he way toward t.j. , white trash , pale as winter , who wipe vomit from he chin . as he nervously look down at the big angry bull he 's about to ride , ron hand he a pint of tequila . ron calm the nerve , brother . you look great . t.j. take a swig , give he a look . ron it 's you day , I can feel it . t.j. watch as ron take a bottle of nyquil out of he pocket and downs it ... to stop he hack cough . t.j. I do not know , ron . ron fan the money out for t.j. to see . ron eight second and you will be gettin blow by a hundred dollar hooker before you can scrape the bullshit off you boot . ron wink and smile . t.j. signal the bullman that he 's ready . and in five , four , three , two , one ... the gate be up , the bull be out , the crowd be hollering and t.j. 's back be bend in unnatural way . ron c'mon ! one one thousand , two one thousand , three one thousand ... Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 3 and t.j. be down . ron ah hen shit ! ron look to the bleacher . the gambler be already search for he . ron slip out a side entrance . 4 ext . rodeo stadium - parking lot - day 4 sweating , heart racing , ron run across the lot and jump over fence to escape the gambler that be run after he . as they close in , ron spot a cop , tucker , walk towards he patrol car . ron hey , buddy I need you to arrest I . tucker fuck off , woodroof . ron come on , man . I be serious ! tuck see the angry mob approach . tucker look like you get a few piss off customer . ron you gonna cuff I or what ? tucker figure it out yourself . and with that , ron punch tucker in the face . the mob of gambler be stop in they track . tucker you son of a bitch ! tucker punch ron in the face twice , then cuff he . he look at the mob of gambler . tucker get the fuck outta here before I arrest all of you . ron smile through a bloody mouth . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 4 5 ext . ron' trailer - day 5 tucker 's police car pull up . tucker ( v.o . ) they be gonna kick the shit out of you one day , woodroof . maybe worse . 6 int . tucker' police car - day 6 both ron and tucker be bleed and bruise . ron gotta die from somethin' . tucker handle you business , huh ? get you shit together . ron you be startin ' to sound like you ol ' man . how 's he doin ' by the way ? tucker ( beat ) there 's good day and bad . ron ( wave he off ) ah , he 's a tough one . ( beat ) though I can not imagine how disappointed he must be havin ' you for a son . tucker look at he , half -smile . tucker get the fuck outta my car . ron smile , start to get out , then stop . hold he head a moment . we hear the strange ringing sound again . tucker ( cont 'd ) you okay ? ron ( cover ) you rattle my fuckin ' brain . tucker what brain ? Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 5 ron force a smile , then exit the car . tucker watch as ron slowly head toward he trailer ; something seem off . after a few beat , tucker brushes it off and pull away . 7 int . ron' trailer - day 7 book , newspaper , empty beer can and liquor bottle ; on the wall , we may notice a painting of some Texas wildflower . ron stumble in as the ringing sound come back . he stop , steady himself on a piece of furniture , take a few step then collapse , unconscious . 8 int . ron' trailer - morning 8 the first shaft of sunlight fall over ron , still asleep where he drop . after a few beat , he stir , pull himself on to a chair . " what the fuck ? " . 9 ext . oil field - day 9 lunch time . already a little drunk , ron finish off a pint of whiskey as clint and a batter t.j. eat sandwich nearby . ron start cough again as he grab a packet of cocaine out of he shirt pocket . he slide it across the table to clint who hand he cash . ron that shit be purer than a preacher daughter 's pussy . clint not after you just cough you lung all over it . t.j. you think anymore ' bout Saudi Arabia ? they need guy over there . ron what do you wanna go work for a buncha sand niggas for ? t.j. they pay five time as much , that 's why . ron raise he eyebrow , not bad . t.j. I be signing up . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 6 ron they get hot lady over there ? t.j. it 's a Muslim country . you can not fuck the woman . ron now that take I out right there . the foreman race over to they . foreman woodroof , there 's be a accident on platform five . they need a electrician right away ! 10 ext . drill platform - day - later 10 a mexican worker have he leg catch in the drill . it 's severe and he 's lose blood fast . ron walk over . ron Dumb spic . how would you get you leg in there ? the guy 's breath be come in short fast spurt . ron where 's the ambulance ? foreman he 's illegal . ron take he own shirt off , rip it in half , kneel down next to the mexican , wipe some sweat off he brow and tie a makeshift tourniquet around he leg . ron look to the foremen . ron go call `em . ( the foremen do not move ) go fucking call `em . he walk off to call . ron turn back to the mexican . ron alright we be go to get you outta there but you gotta stay still until I say get the fuck out and then you get the fuck out . comprende ? Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 7 the guy nod . ron walk over to the electrician 's box . he 's a little drunk . he grab a wire and be about to cut it . ron ( cont 'd ) alright , on the count of three . one , two ... ron cut the wire , a electrical spark shoot out and before he can move back the box blow up in he face . everything go black . rick ferris ( v.o . ) azidothymidine , or azt -- be originally develop as a treatment for cancer . 11 int . dallas mercy hospital - conference room - day 11 barrow wilkem rep rick ferris , slick , well - dress , gold rolex , 40s , stand before dr . nathan sevard , 50' , arrogant , dr . eve sak , early 30 , sophisticated , and five other physician , 40s -60s , all member of the hospital board . rick ferris with the onset of HIV , however , we at barrow wilkem begin a trial in which we administer azt to infect lab animal . initial finding suggest increase cd4 count , restore t-cell immunity and also evidence of induce weight gain . sevard be not it also true that it have some concern side effect in animal test , significantly decrease the animal red and white blood cell ? rick ferris yes , but its effect on the virus be better than anything else that 's be test . eve ( look into she file ) in 64 , when azt be develop for cancer treatment , it be shelve due to lack of anti cancer efficacy and toxicity . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 8 rick ferris we believe that problem be dosage base . eve so you be conduct another animal study ? rick ferris actually the fda have give we permission to go straight to human trial which be what bring I here today . we be conduct a double-blind , placebo - control randomize trial throughout the United States . Dallas mercy be one of the propose site . eve how long do you see the study go on ? rick ferris we be hope to fast track it within a year ? during which time the hospital and its administer physician will be very well compensate for they effort . Eve notice as sevard trade look with board member # 1 . rick ferris sadly , the aids crisis will only get worse before it get better . and I know I speak for everyone at barrow wilkem when I say get this drug to market be we number one priority . this be a unique opportunity . a chance to be on the forefront in find a cure . Eve look at ferris and smile . 12 int . dallas mercy hospital - hallway - day 12 Dr. sevard walk down the hallway with Eve . eve do it not drive you just a little bit crazy when this guy stand up there talk about curing the sick while they be flash gold rolex ? what do they know about sick patient ? dr . sevard they be pharma rep , not doctor . and like it or not , this be a business . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 8a dr . sevard how the hell do they get permission to go to human trial ? dr . sevard people be desperate . people be die . there be nothing else out there . and with that , a nurse approach they with a file , surgical mask and latex glove . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 9 13 int . dallas mercy hospital - room - day 13 ron , head and eye bandage , lay on a bed . after a few beat , he peel off the eye bandage , get up . he open a cabinet , then a drawer . find a bag of suck candy , pop a piece in he mouth , put some in he pocket . he see he jacket on the back of the door , search he pocket for a cigarette . he 's about to light one when Dr. sevard enter with Eve sake . both wear surgical mask and latex glove . dr . sevard Mr. woodroof . I be Dr. sevard . ron turn to Eve , flash a smile . dr . sevard we see something that concerned we in you initial blood work so we run some additional test . eve blood test . ron stop move and try to assess the situation . be he in trouble ? ron what kinda blood test , cause I do not use drug . eve we do not test you for drug . ron good , cause that be not none of yer business anyway . dr . sevard you have test positive for HIV -- ron look at Dr. sevard blankly . dr . sevard ... the virus that cause aids . ron freeze . a long beat . ron who you kid , rock cock suck Hudson bullshit ?! dr . sevard have you ever use intravenous drug or have any homosexual -- Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 10 ron spit out he candy . ron homo ? homo ? that 's what you say , right ? shit . you gotta be kid I . ( laugh ) I be not no faggot , I do not even know any faggot , I be a rodeo ! the room be silent . ron look at I , doc . come on now , look at I . what do you see ? dr . sevard you t-cell count be down to nine , a healthy person have five hundred to fifteen hundred . ron what the fuck 's a three - cell ?! dr . sevard t-cell . frankly we be surprised you be alive . ron well surprise this : you have make a fuckin ' mistake ! ron look back and forth from Dr. sak to sevard . no mistake . ron you must have mix my blood with some daisy puller or sumptin . eve we run the blood test several time . Eve hand he some pamphlet and other paper work . eve that 's some information on HIV and aids you may find informative and you test result . ron flip through the papers . become frustrated by terminology he do not understand . dr . sevard Mr. woodroof , we be try to impress upon you the gravity of you situation . ( more ) Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 11 dr . sevard ( cont 'd ) base on you condition , we estimate that you have about thirty day to get you affair in order -- ron thirty day ? ron jump off the examine table . ron what be this shit ?! they do not respond . ron laugh incredulously and walk towards the door . ron I get a news flash for all y'all , there be not nothin ' out there that can kill ron woodroof in thirty day . ron look at the papers , toss they up in the air and exit . 14 int . ron' trailer - night 14 Music blare as ron and t.j. party with two hot girl , kelly and crystal , 20 . t.j. cut a line of coke on a mirror while ron dance over to the girl with shot of Jack Daniels . they both start kissing , then rub up against ron . 15 int . ron' trailer - night 15 t.j. be have sex with Kelly as ron kiss Crystal ; he lean down , snort what be probably he fiftieth line of coke . he shake it off , slam some Jack Daniels from the bottle as if it be Kool Aid . he 's obliterate . as ron stare off at something , t.j. wave at Crystal to join he and Kelly ; as she do , we see what ron be stare at -- a calendar . but its day have no number . except one , in blood red -- 30 . ron snap out of he hallucination . 16 int . ron' trailer - night 16 t.j. sit down next to ron , take a roll up dollar bill and do a line of coke . t.j. damn doctor cut you ball off ? Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 12 ron shit , you tell `em you get a cold and they will give you two week off . you should try it . ron take the dollar back as t.j. walk to the table to pour himself a drink . t.j. well , you do not miss nothin ' at work . I would take disability any day . ron do a line of coke . see he reflection in the mirror . pushes it away . ron I mean I get a stupid cough and they tell I I get some HIV virus . t.j. look at ron , hear he but do not hear he , maybe it do not even register he 's so waste . ron ( mutter ) Hell , like I get the aids . damn hospital , mix up my blood sample . t.j. man , I go to they doctor once , they tell I I have chlamydia , I come back home I realize I have crab . ron s'what I be say . t.j. lick some coke off he finger . t.j. I hear you get that just by touchin' someone . or that queer get it . ron which be exactly why it 's a mistake . t.j. well , what if it be not ? ron you know I , T. you fuckin ' serious ? t.j. damn right I know you , like you be bear with some kinda pussy addiction . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 13 ron smile at the compliment as t.j. dive into the mirror and inhale the last line of coke . one of the girl walk over . kelly you say we would be dancin ' by nine . t.j. smile at ron . t.j. we should get goin' . t.j. put on he jacket . t.j. let 's go girl . ron I will catch up with you . t.j. alright brother , you cool ? ron I be cool . t.j. see you there . t.j. and the girl leave . ron get up , waste , and stare out the screen door into the cold dark night , nothing stare back at he . 17 int . dallas public library - day 17 ron be seat in front of a screen that show a microfiche of information on aids , HIV and azt . later - day : ron continue read ; the librarian look over as he endure a brief cough spasm , then he go back to he work . we push in on the phrase " ... unprotect sex ... " later - day : ron continue read , run he finger along the word . stop at " intravenous drug use " . as he close he eye and exhales -- 18 ext . motel - night - dream / flashback 18 we be on a snake tatoo on the back of a naked girl have wild sex with a young and heavier ron , totally waste , and ... Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 14 hypnotize by the tattoo that go up to she neck and down to she arm -- mark with track mark . 19 int . dallas public library - day 19 ron slam the book shut with rage . he scream out release he anger . his voice echoe off the library wall . 20 int . dallas mercy hospital - reception area - day 20 ron impatiently stand at the triage desk , look at a nurse , 40s . he spot a tattooe Hispanic orderly mop the floor in the hallway . he lock eye with ron for a second too long then move on . nurse frazin Dr. sevard 's not on today . ron do I look like I can wait till tomorrow ? nurse frazin if you will tell I what the problem be -- ron Problem ? which problem you want to hear about ? my lung bleed , my skin crawl , the jackhammer in my head ... hell that 's just the beginning of my problem sweetheart . have overhear ron 's rant , Dr. Eve sak walk over . eve Mr. woodroof ? ron turn around . ron I do not want no nurse . I want a doctor . a goddamn doctor ! today ! now ! the orderly watch ron and Eve . eve Fine . how can I help you ? ron be you fuckin ' deaf , lady ? Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 15 eve no. I be a fuck doctor ! oh ? ron contemplate Eve , slowly break into a smile . Eve hear she name call over the speaker system . eve if you want to discuss you list of problem , you can meet I in my office in twenty minute . ron twenty minute ? ( he take a long look at she ) I like you style , Doctor . ron watch she as she walk away . 21 int . dallas mercy hospital - dr . eve sak ' office - day 21 diplomas hang in neat row . a perfectly order desk . Eve meticulously record number on a chart . ron ( o.s. ) can you get I azt ? Eve look up as ron walk in and sit down . ron barrow wilkem just release it for testing , right ? this hospital be one of the site . she nod yes , surprised how well inform he be . ron well can I buy some ? eve that be not how it work . for about a year , a group of patient will either get the drug or a placebo , it 's leave up to chance , not even the doctor be allow to know . ron you give dyin ' people sugar pill ? eve it 's the only way to know if a drug work . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 16 ron can you get it for I ? eve unfortunately no . but when it 's prove to work and if you fit the profile , then yes . ron so , you be tellin ' I I be as good as a horse be sell for dog food ? Eve 's look say it all . ron take out a list . ron okay , what about in Germany , this dextran sulfate , or in France they get ddc , or al 721 in Israel ... I read that one be prove to work and it be not toxic . eve none of that drug have be approve by the fda . ron screw the fda , I be gonna be doa . do I have to sue this hospital to get I some medicine ? eve Mr. woodroof , I assure you that would be a waste of precious time . ron take a moment , ease up . ron call I ron , will ya ? Eve do not play he game . she write something down on a piece of paper . eve there be a support group that meet every day at draddy auditorium , perhaps you could share you feeling and concern ... ron abruptly stand . ron I be die and you be tellin ' I to go get a hug from a bunch of faggot ? Eve watch as ron back away . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 17 ron good night , good day , and good riddance . 22 int . lonestar bar - day 22 ron burst through the door and shout to the bartender . ron neddie jay , one shot of cactus and a Rolling rock back . ned do not move as ron continue toward a table where t.j. , clint and three other friend be sit . ron I can not believe how much I miss you ugly face . clint , where you hangin ' you pants lately brother ? clint drain he beer , slam it on the table . clint get I another beer , will you sweetheart ? the guy burst out laugh . ron ` fuck you say ? clint I say grab I a cold one , cupcake . ron look at he incredulously . ron you askin ' I to kick yer ass ? clint Nah , would not wanna get none of that faggot blood on I . ron take a step towards clint , t.j. get up and stand between they . t.j. c'mon ron , we do not want no trouble . ron put a fake , friendly hand on t.j. 's shoulder who back off immediately . ron move closer , play with t.j. and the other . they be all scared of be touch . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 18 ron ( sarcastic ) where you goin ' , bud ? I think you be my friend . ron look at he , grab t.j.'s Beer from he hand and downs it , then fake as if he 's go to hit t.j. with it . t.j. flinch , then ron slam it on the table . give one last look to all of they . ron fuck all ya will . and as ron exit , we pre -lap ... rick ferris ( v.o . ) as I stand here tonight , clinical trial be underway with a eye toward fast - tracking azt and make it available for the public as soon as possible . 23 int . draddy auditorium - dallas high school - night 23 Rick ferris from barrow wilkem stand at the podium before the pack room . rick ferris in short , I be happy to say that help may finally be on the way . that be ron 's Pov as he listen to ferris , look around at the crowd , who be almost exclusively gay men . ron wander toward a table line with literature . a effeminate man approach he with a pamphlet . ron stare at he blankly . the man open he arm to give he a hug . effeminate man it 's okay brother . we be all get -- ron tooth fairy , if we be not in a public place right now , you tooth would be so far down you throat you would be usin ' you ass to chew food . the man 's eye go wide as he back off . ron turn back to the table , take a few pamphlet . titles include : " popper study : possible cause of aids " ; " azt show sign of promise " . ron drift toward the front , where the crowd be get hostile . audience member # 1 ( o.c . ) how long before azt be approve ? Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 19 rick ferris the fda standard procedure to approve a new drug be eight to twelve year - audience member # 2 ( o.c . ) ( cut he off ) we be die here ! rick ferris we be look to fast track -- audience member # 1 ( o.c . ) ( cut he off ) we need it now ! rick ferris we be work closely with the fda to make sure every effort be make -- audience member # 2 ( o.c . ) the hell , if it work even a little , we will take the chance ! General shout of agreement from the crowd . rick ferris it 's both we job and the fda 's to make sure the drug be safe - effeminate man be it true you can get it in Mexico ?! audience member # 2 ( o.c . ) what about dextran sulfate ?! as the chaos and shouting continue , ron walk out in frustration and we be suddenly -- 24 int . strip club - night 24 close on -- a line of flicker candle . that 's ron 's Pov as he grimace , despair in he eye . he do not look at the move , out - of - focus silhouettes in front of he . ron ( mumble to himself ) I need to slow it down a second , catch my breath . I be not ready to crawl into a corner . you hear that ? I be not fuck ready . man , if you be up there you better be listen . ( more ) Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 19 a ron ( cont 'd ) and if there 's a chance , if I get one fuck chance , send I a sign . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 20 ron downs a shooter and grimace again . he slam the glass down on a table among empty glass and look up at the candle on a stage in front of a stripper , lose in he thought . then he look up and see something across the room , past the stripper . she try to get he attention . stripper if you be not gonna look or buy a dance , you could at least tip I . ron stand and throw some bill on the stage . ron I will take a dance , but not fer I . just shake it , he will see you . ron look heavenward . ron thanks . and he walk off towards a man at the end of the bar : the Hispanic orderly from the hospital . 25 ext . dallas mercy hospital - rear - night 25 cowboy boot nervously play with a McDonald 's bag on the ground next to a garbage dumpster . they stop when the Hispanic orderly walk out of the hospital . he get to the dumpster , throw a brown paper bag in it , pick up the McDonald 's bag , look inside and leave without a word . 26 int . ron' trailer - night 26 ron sit at the table , remove a box of pill from the bag label azt , for research purpose only . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 21 ron remove a pill , decide two be better , wash they down with a beer , and sniff a line of coke . look at he reflection in the turn - off t.v. 27 ext . oil field - day 27 as ron pull up to he job site in he batter ' 73 lincoln , he spot t.j. , clint and a half dozen other worker through the windshield , all stare at he menacingly . before ron get out , the Foreman emerge through the crowd . without a word , the guy just slowly shake he head . ron give he the finger and drive off , pop a few more azt pill . a27 ext . dallas mercy hospital - rear - night a27 the Hispanic orderly throw a brown paper bag in the dumpster , pick up a fast food bag , and leave . 28 ext . rodeo stadium - bleacher - day 28 empty ; close for the day . ron sit in the empty bleacher , sweaty and shiver ; he look horrible , maybe disorient . he pop a pill of azt and drink from a bottle of tequila . 29 ext . trailer park - night 29 a labyrinth of identical trailer . ron wander , search for he own . confused , he change direction and continue to make he way down the different row . he stop in front of one and stare at the door where two young boy be seat on the step , stare back at he . ron the hell you doin ' here ? he wave they aside . as he walk up the step , he neighbor bucky and he wife stare at he blankly . ron fuck you doin ' in my house ? ron do not realize that he 's not at he place . 30 int . dallas mercy hospital - dr . eve sak ' office - day 30 sitting on a examine table , meet rayon , a cross -dresser in he early 30 , in long eyelash , earring , paint nail with a pink scarf tie around a full brown curly wig . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 21a eve ( review a chart ) you miss you last trial appointment . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 22 rayon do you like this blouse ? Cause I think the neckline 's too low . Eve lean against the sink , annoyed . she pull she mask down . eve rayon , the whole point of this study be to determine whether azt be help people . rayon come on , evie , you know there be not no helpin ' I . eve that do not mean I be go to stop try . rayon why you so good to I ? rayon watch Eve for a while , with affection . he grab she and hold on to she . this two seem to have a history . 31 ext . dallas mercy hospital - rear - day 31 a steady drizzle . ron stand out by the dumpster , he boot and cowboy hat soak . the Hispanic orderly emerge from the hospital , a large garbage bag in he hand . hispanic orderly there be not no more , they start lockin ' it up . the orderly throw the garbage into the dumpster . ron I get more cash . the orderly study ron who hold out some money . the orderly snatch it , and write something on a piece of paper . orderly here . in Mexico . a doctor , he have some . ron take the paper , look at it . ron what the hell be this bullshit ? Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 23 ron take a swing at the orderly but miss . something about ron be off . we hear the ringing sound again . ron struggle to stand and collapse onto the ground . Black . female voice ( v.o . ) Mr. woodroof ? 32 int . dallas mercy hospital - room - night 32 ron lay in bed asleep , a i.v. tube hook up to he arm . female voice ( v.o . ) ron ? ron 's eye slowly peel open . Eve be hover over he , a surgical mask on she face . as he look at she , a faint smile pass he lip . ron beautiful . Eve frown , do not expect that . eve you be in the hospital . ron blink . clear the fantasy . his eye scan the room . eve you almost die . ron I be sure that do not surprise anyone . Eve seem to smile behind she mask . ron be that a smile ? Eve you have have a blood transfusion . Dr. sevard step forward . Dr. sevard Mr. woodroof I be doctor sevard . ron I remember you . Dr. sevard I need you to tell I where you obtain azt from . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 23a ron who say I be on azt ? dr . sevard deal in pharmaceutical drug be illegal . ron I do not know what you be talk about . Dr. sevard shake he head and walk out . eve get some rest . she follow sevard out of the room . ron wait . we be just gettin ' somewhere . rayon ( o.c . ) honey , you do not have the slight chance . ron turn and see the hospital curtain be pull by the patient in the next bed -- it 's rayon . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 24 rayon I be rayon . rayon get up and go over to ron 's bed . ron congratulation , fuck you and go back to you bed . rayon relax , I do not bite . rayon look ron over . rayon I guess you be handsome in a Texas hick , white trash , dumb , kinda way . ron get the fuck outta here , whatever you be . rayon stick and stone , cowboy . ( beat ) you wanna play card ? ron ( perk up ) you get cash ? 33 int . dallas mercy hospital - room - night 33 ron sit cross-legged on he bed across from rayon , who have a pile of cash before he . as they lay they card down : rayon full house . jack over three . ron I 'da figure you for queen . clean out , ron toss he card ; rayon scoops up the money . rayon sorry darlin' . as ron start to unfold he leg , he suddenly scream in pain , grab he calf . rayon grab he leg , press he finger deep into the muscle and massage . ron contort in pain , grip the side of the bed . rayon go deeper . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 25 rayon breath . relax . ron breath . finally the pain subside and ron be leave limp . rayon here , drink some water . rayon hold the cup so ron can drink . rayon you gotta stay hydrate or you muscle will cramp . rayon start to massage ron 's other foot . rayon you get nice foot . ron Jesus Christ , I be straight , ok ! rayon leave ron alone . a awkward beat . ron why the fuck you in here anyway ? rayon the azt trial . my friend be pay I to split my dose with he . that way we will both get some . ron how much be he pay you ? rayon five grand . ron what ? rayon I coulda charge he twenty . ron how about I ? will you sell I some ? rayon sorry , sweetie . I make a deal . we hear someone speak loud in the hallway , in Spanish . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 26 rayon ( in Spanish ) can you keep it down ? 34 int . dallas mercy hospital - hallway - day 34 Eve spot ron , back in he clothes , walk towards the exit . eve ( o.c. ) Mr. woodroof ! ron stop , turn to see Eve approach wit nurse frazin . eve where be you go ? ron I sign myself out . eve you be too sick to leave here . ron the worst - case scenario bein ' what ? eve we can keep you comfortable at least . ron thanks , but I prefer to die with my boot on . eve as you doctor , I can not recommend you to do this . ron well as my doctor , can you get I some damn azt ? Eve just look at he . she can not . ron take off . 35 ext . trailer park - night 35 ron emerge from he lincoln , approach he trailer . stop in he track at the eviction notice tape to he padlock door , over which someone have spray - paint : faggot blood . ron I still live here , you hear I ?! I fuckin ' live here !! Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 27 he look around , eye wild , heart racing ... but there 's no one there to hear he . after a beat , he cross to he car , pop the trunk . grab a single - barrel Winchester shotgun lie within it . he check the chamber , spin the gun , do a few maneuver , the barrel point at he head . he pump it , then in a flash level it and blast the lock off he trailer door . 36 int . ron' trailer - night 36 ron enter , and desperately look around for something , anything to take with he . he find hidden cash in a patsy cline crazy cassette box . a duffel bag on the shoulder , he grab the TEXAS wildflower painting off the wall and exit . 37 ext . trailer park - night 37 ron start the engine and drive to the two kid from earlier look on curiously . ron give they a handful of candy he steal from the hospital , and nod toward he trailer . ron have fun , kid . it 's all yours . and with that , he pull away . 38 int . ron be car - highway - day 38 ron cruise ... feel as good as he look . he pull the car over . sit there in silence . breathes in . look over at he stuff on the back seat , and then at he gun lie next to he . he grip the steering wheel ... and start to cry . 39 ext . STREET - mexico CITY - day 39 ron 's lincoln roll down the crowded , impoverish street . 40 int . ron be car - mexico CITY - day 40 ron in the grip of pneumonia , study a hand draw map of the city street . his hand shake , he skin burn with fever . ron turn down a small side street , stop in front of a nondescript , whitewashed door . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 27a 41 int . dr . vass ' clinic - mexico CITY - day 41 ron enter , blind - sided by the mayhem inside . box of drug and hospital supplies lie in various stage of unpack . a interpreter shout above the din to he wealthy asian client . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 28 dr . vass ( 50' ) , fit but tired , shout in Spanish to a man unload box . he effortlessly switch to japanese , continue to shout to another worker . Dr. vass see ron , quickly move over to he . dr . vass you have something for I to sign ? ron I be lookin ' for Dr. vass . Dr. vass step over . dr . vass speak up . ron I be lookin ' for vass , for some azt . dr . vass look to poison yourself ? he grab a empty bottle of pill on the counter . throw it to ron. dr . vass that 's from the chemical manufacturer who make azt , sigma . ron look at the bottle label with skull and crossbone : highly toxic , not for human consumption . dr . vass first thing I tell my patient : you will not find that shit here ! ron look confuse . a nearby stack of box tumble over . Dr. vass shout to no one in particular . vass who stack that box there ? ( to ron ) check in with a nurse . Dr. vass be off , rip open box . ron start to cough again . badly . vass notice , and shout something in Spanish . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 29 42 int . dr . vass ' clinic - mexico CITY - day 42 frail and weak , ron lie on a cot , surround by a dozen other patient of varied nationality . a nurse record he vital sign in a chart , then hand it off to Dr. vass , who peruse the information and begin read aloud : dr . vass Cocaine , alcohol , methamphetamine , azt . ( to ron ) that 's what I call a recipe for disaster . ron ( look around ) Doc , this place be a shit-hole . dr . vass who say I be a Doctor ? they revoke my license to practice three year ago , that 's why I be down in this shit-hole . ron why ? what would you do ? dr . vass I do not play ball . ron smile . dr . vass this drug you be do , they be break down you immune system , make you susceptible to infection . ron so cocaine give I pneumonia ? dr . vass Cocaine make you more susceptible . as do azt . ron I think azt 's suppose to help I . dr . vass the only people azt help be the people who sell it . ( beat ) it kill every cell it come in contact with , good and bad . ron so medically speakin ' , I kick my own ass ! Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 30 dr . vass ( nod as he write ) I be prescribe a regimen of vitamin as well as the mineral zinc to build you immune system back up . you will also be take aloe and essential fatty acid . 43 int . dallas mercy hospital - room - day 43 in glove and surgical mask , Eve look on nurse frazin who be draw blood from rayon 's arm , five other aids patient nearby . that do , the nurse dispense med , give each patient a paper pill cup mark with a different number . rayon take he pill , wince ; Eve make a mental note , then walk down the line of patient , touch each of they . she come to rayon , give he shoulder a squeeze , then exit . black . super : six month later 44 int . dr . vass ' clinic - mexico CITY - day 44 Medical journal everywhere ; on the wall be row of entomology , various butterfly encase in glass . a healthier ron sit across from Dr. vass who read he test result . ron well ? dr . vass better . you t- cell count 's improve . ron be I still positive for HIV ? dr . vass you will always test positive for HIV , and now , you have aids , due the toxic shit you have be pump into you body , all the drug , plus the azt . ( more ) Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 31 dr . vass ( cont 'd ) you shot you immune system . now you have chronic pneumonia , among other thing . it can cause memory loss , mood swing , aching joint ... ron if it suck , I get it . Dr. vass smile and hold up a bottle in each hand . dr . vass this be ddc , it work as a anti viral similar to azt but less toxic . and this be peptide T , it 's a protein -- totally non-toxic . early study have show it can help with all of that . this be what I have you on since you get here . ron and you can not buy they back in the u.s.? dr . vass no , not approve . ron take the bottle of peptide T , turn it over in he hand , look around . ron chink , homo and herb , you get a new world order here , vass . you could be makin ' a fortune off this stuff . 45 ext . dr . vass ' clinic - mexico CITY - day 45 ron stare into the trunk of he lincoln convertible . various box fill with illegal med be pack to the brim . it will not close . ron slam it shut . Dr. vass emerge from the building . he hand ron a neatly fold black vest , black pants and a detachable clerical collar on top . dr . vass if you get catch , do not tell they you get aids . they will never let you back in . you have get thirty day to get you ass back down here and pay I the other half , after that I send miguel . ron nod to miguel , hop in he car , start it , nod to vass and take off . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 32 46 ext . car - the chihuahuan desert - mexico - day 46 ron 's convertible race along the asphalt road . hot desert sun . Sand and dirt cake the rim and tire . the car slow down and come to a stop on the side of the road . 47 int . ron be car - the chihuahuan desert - mexico - day 47 binoculars Pov on car make they way across the mexican / american border . ron put down the binocular and write on a notebook . a crude draw of the border . he mark different lane , study it , look for pattern . ron throw the pen down and exit the car . 48 ext . car - the chihuahuan desert - mexico - day 48 as ron go to get out of the car he be pull back by a plastic tube attach to he arm . we follow it up to a shirt hook on the passenger side . a i.v. bag hang carelessly from the hook , a liquid flow intravenously into ron 's arm . he reach in and grab the bag off the hook , get out of the car , hold the bag above he shoulder and take a piss . 49 int . ron be car - american / mexican border - day 49 ron now wear a priest uniform . he hand the border agent he passport . border agent anything to declare . ron nada . the border agent take he in a moment , he outfit , the car , the frame of the trunk almost touch the wheel and ... CUT to : 50 int . U.S. custom holding room - american / mexican border - day 50 ron sit behind a table when a man in a suit walk in . he take off he jacket and sit . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 32a richard barkley I be Richard barkley from the food and drug administration office . ron nod . a beat . richard barkley you be a priest ? Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 33 ron smile . the custom agent do not . richard barkley you have over 2,000 pill here . you be only allow to bring in a ninety day supply . ron well as I tell the gentleman , I be a sick man . I have cancer . I take 22 pill a day and this here vial of vitamin a , C , E and Zinc . that there be ninety day . the man look at ron , not really buy it . he take a bottle of peptide T and look at it . richard barkley vitamin ? ( no answer from ron ) you do realize that import unapprove drug for sale be a very serious offense ? ron well , as I say , they be not for sale . and they be not illegal , just " unapprove . " a long beat ; they stare at each other . richard barkley if we find the slight indication that you be sell this drug for profit , you will be throw in jail ... Father . ron then I promise to take each and every one of they pill myself . in fact this present detainment have already put I off schedule ... son. 50a int . dallas mercy hospital - reception desk - day 50 a ron talk to nurse frazin . ron I be look for Dr. Eve sak . nurse frazin she 's not here today . nurse frazin leave . ron look over the counter , see something , look around ... Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 33A 51 int . eve' house - live room - dallas - night 51 perfectly order and spotless except for file and report pile on the floor . a exhaust Eve take she lab coat off , pick up a study and aim for the kitchen when a knock come at the door . eve it 's open ! ron come in . eve Mr. woodroof ... ron , I think you be ... Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 34 ron ( cut she off ) Dead ? sorry for bargin ' in . eve what be you do here ? you look great . ron actually I look amazin ' . but you , you look like shit . eve what happen to you ? ron so you get any music ? or cracker ? eve I be sorry , but what be this ? ron it 's a celebration of how absolutely fuckin ' wrong you be . ron hold up a bottle of sparkling wine . eve Excuse I ? ron thirty day you say ! well here it be month later and I be goin ' like gangbuster . now if that do not call for a little cheez whiz on a ritz , I do not know what do ! ron head for the refrigerator . eve no. do not ... I do not really eat here . the doorbell interrupt they . ron watch as Eve cross and open the door , admit rayon , look like shit and shaking badly in a full - length , pink fur coat . rayon they bastard kentucky fry I . rayon sway ; Eve grab he arm . ron watch as Eve help rayon inside . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 35 ron you woman love Nancy boy . ron cross to help rayon to the couch . he lean he head back , labor to breathe . eve ( to rayon ) tell I what 's wrong . ron Hell , I will tell you what 's wrong , it 's the goddamn azt ! eve what ? ron it 's killin ' he , can not you see that ? why you think I look so healthy ? ron reach into he he jacket , produce a small BOX fill with meds . he take out a brand new syringe and bottle of liquid . ron tinkerbell , how much cash you get ? off he silence , ron rummages through rayon 's purse , extract two twenty , pocket they , and start prepare the syringe . eve what the hell do you think you be do ?! ron helpin ' he , that 's what . eve he 's a participant in a clinical trial , we need to get he to the hospital ! ron so they can fuck he up even worse ? ron disregard she protest , start to inject rayon . eve be you out of you mind ?! if anything happen to he -- ron relax , it 's just a little vitamin boost , a , C , zinc . ( more ) Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 36 ron ( cont 'd ) ( to rayon ) you want to live , get off the azt . eve it 's a blind study ! we do not even know if he 's get azt ! rayon everyone know what they be gettin' . azt taste differently . I guess I get lucky and get the real thing . ron yeah , real lucky . ( to Eve ) I have get stuff here that work . healthy , non-toxic . you should trial it and we will both get rich . eve leave , please ! ron turn to rayon . ron tell you friend about I . send `em my way and I will hook `em up . ron head for the door . ron and tell `em to bring they fuckin' money . Cash . no check . Eve and rayon can not believe this guy . 52 ext . oak lawn district - STREET - day 52 ron stand in the heartland of the gay community , with shop , bar and club . he try to engage gay passersby , none of whom will give he the time of day . 53 int . draddy auditorium - night 53 with another support meeting underway , ron talk to a small group of gay men , who look at he warily . 54 ext . gay club - night 54 dozen of gay men mill about ; ron watch as some hold hand , other grope one another . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 37 he spot a couple just talk , but as he approach , they start make out . ron stop in he track , turn to leave , bump right into a man dress just like he , except this cowboy 's chap have nothing cover he ass . the guy nod for ron to follow he inside the club . ron be you out of you fuck mind ?! 55 int . dallas mercy hospital - room - day 55 as nurse frazin monitor a aids patient receive a blood transfusion , Eve review he chart . eve this man also have a transfusion ? nurse frazin the azt . we can tell who 's on it by the symptom . most of they need new blood . eve ( look at chart ) he 's actually get worse . Eve look at the sleep patient ; she reach for he hand . nurse frazin so why be they stop the trial ? eve what do you mean ? nurse frazin barrow wilkem , do not you see the memo ? they claim most people be feel better and fewer people be die . eve really ? 56 int . dallas mercy hospital - hallway - day 56 in mid-conversation , Eve follow Dr. sevard down the hall . eve transfusion always make patient feel better . give the placebo patient new blood and they will feel better too . sevard stop to sign a form for a nurse . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 38 eve I have question about the drug 's safety . I have see it drop white blood cell in a lot of my patient make they more susceptible to infection . dr . sevard it 's barrow wilkem 's call , Eve . so we can get the drug to the people who need it . eve after six month ? dr . sevard they trial result be overwhelmingly positive . azt be work . eve but we have no idea what the long term effect be . it 's irresponsible . dr . sevard this people die , Eve . there be no long - term effect . eve can I see a copy of the study ? dr . sevard it 's still be write . here . he produce a two page document and hand it to Eve . eve a press release from the nih ? sevard cross off . Eve stand there , stunne . her Pov on the press release : " HIV - positive patient be twice as likely to get aids if they do not take azt . " 57 int . ron be car - dallas STREET - day 57 ron be park on a quiet street . he count he cash and be startle when suddenly a woman get in the passenger seat . ron ( pull a 9 mm pistol ) Jesus mother Mary fuckin ' Christ ! she 's not a woman , it 's ... Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 39 rayon I be look for you , lonestar . ron I could of kill you ! rayon I feel better ! I want to thank you . ron good for you . now get the fuck out ! rayon I need more of that cocktail shit you get ! ron listen tinkerbell , unless you get cash or some new client for I , I be busy . now get the for ... rayon ( interrupt ) let 's just do this quickly so I can get the fuck out ! rayon show ron a stack of bill . a big one . rayon you get enough for 20 of we ? rayon see how ron look at he cash . rayon you know what ? you do not deserve we money , you homophobic asshole ! rayon get out . ron watch he walk away in disbelief . ron be I fuckin ' dreamin' ? rayon walk over to a friend of he on the street . that 's ron 's Pov as he back he car towards they . ron here 's enough for 20 , find I 20 more and I will cut you in . five percent . rayon play it cool , barely look at ron. rayon adios , cowboy . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 40 ron what 's wrong ? rayon I can handle you insult , but five percent ? ron ten. rayon twenty five , take it or leave it . 58 ron shake he head in disbelief . and nod . rayon walk to 58 ron 's car with a big smile on he face . 59 ext . gay club - night 59 rayon try to get ron to come in . ron do not want to . rayon push he in . 60 int . gay club - night 60 on the dance floor , rayon grind with a group of men . he wave ron over from the sideline . the cowboy with the chapless butt stare at ron . ron do not think it 's funny . 60b ext . draddy auditorium - parking lot - night 60b rayon be on the look out . ron sell meds out of the trunk of he car to a line of gay men . a customer hand he some cash , ron reach into he trunk and find a pair of handcuffs slap on he wrist . he 's push against the car , he leg kick apart . fuck . 60c int . police station - holding room - day 60c ron sit with David Wayne . ron five grand worth of shit . shit I owe money on . Richard barkley walk in . richard barkley Father woodroof. 90 day supply ? Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 40 a ron I be just share . richard barkley ( with compassion ) listen , I know what the situation be . I know people be look for solution . but this be not the right one . this be dangerous . you can not sell drug to people . do you understand ? ron yeah , I understand . David Wayne my client would like he drug back for he own personal use . Richard barkley they have already be destroy . ron clenches he jaw , try to remain cool . Richard barkley I hope we have a understanding . you be break the law . a60 int . dallas public library - day a60 ron be back to he read . in front of he : newspaper from san francisco , london , new york . ron see something . Light bulb moment . a61 ext . dallas buyer club motel - day a61 ron and rayon walk towards a old retro look motel from the sixty . rayon you gotta be kid I ?! ron no , perfect place . we gotta lay low . do not wanna get bust . I get a plan . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 41 61 int . dallas buyer' club motel - ron' office - day 61 ron stack box in the room among he personal stuff . the place look like what it be : a cheap sex motel . rayon this place be disgusting . we need to disinfect . ron do not use the word " we " . now you wanna put you apron on and fly around on you broom , be my guest . just then , a knock on the open door . rayon and ron look up to see attorney david wayne , 40s . ron howdy counselor , welcome . rayon hi , I be rayon . Wayne take in rayon . ron he 's my partner . Business partner . ron throw a key to rayon . ron you office 's next door . rayon get the message and exit . Wayne look around at all the box . david wayne Jesus , how many truck load you bring back from Mexico ? all for you own personal use ? ( give ron a folder ) here 's the paper work for you LLC . I do not even want to know what it 's for . ron do not worry , counselor . I be not sell drug anymore . ( off Wayne 's look of surprise ) I be give they away . for free . ( show the folder ) by sell membership . four hundred a month in due get you all the med you need . ( more ) Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 42 ron ( cont 'd ) Wayne look at he , think it over . david wayne you son of a bitch ! ron bitches . plural . there 's a bunch of faggot runnin ' a hell of a club up in New York . that 's where I get the idea . ( beat ) welcome to the Dallas buyer Club . 62 int . eve' house - dallas - night - MARCH 1987 62 Eve pour herself a glass of red wine , clean the stain leave by the bottle on the counter and sit on the couch between paper work . close on the tv news anchor . news anchor barrow wilkem announce today that azt have be approve as the first drug to treat aids . at a cost of $ 10,000 per year per patient , azt be the most expensive drug ever markete . barrow wilkem stock jump a whopping 12 % today on the news . Eve sit , stare at the tv . 63 int . dallas buyer club motel - rayon' office - day 63 the small room have be turn into a office . in he version of a nurse outfit , rayon be taping photo of marc bolan to the wall . we now understand where rayon 's look come from . ten men linger through the room and into the next one through a connect door ... ron' office ron be behind a desk , atop which sit a gun , a bottle of tequila and dozen of medical file . on the wall nearby be poster of sport car and bikini model as well as the Texas wildflower painting , news clipping regard aids and a crude chart list patient and they info : symptom , drug taken , and orientation ( Gay , drug addict , hemophiliac ) . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 43 rayon ( as he enter ) roanie , we have two new customer . ron look up from the chart he 's fill out . ron bring them in and if you call I roanie again ... ( grab he gun ) ... I 'ma use this gun to give you the sex change you be hopin ' for . rayon shake he head , walk off , as ian and michael , a conservative gay couple in they 5as appear in the doorway . they look at ron 's gun and hesitate to walk in . ron ah shit , do I scare you ? sorry . welcome to the Dallas buyer Club . ron put the gun away . Ian and Michael sit down . Ian be clearly very ill . michael rayon say you can get we some medicine . ron he tell you how it work ? treatment and drug be free , but the membership , 400 $ . they nod yes . ron ( hand they a clipboard ) you will have to sign a waiver . we take no responsibility for the drug we give you . you croak , you croak . that 's you problem . Michael look at Ian , who nod okay . they sign the waiver . michael we have azt , it help Ian a little at first , but now he can not walk or think straight . ron first of all , flush that shit down the toilet . secondly , stay away from anything that will cook you inside . third , get healthy and if you brain 's break , I get something call peptide T that will fix it . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 44 Michael look at Ian , not sure what to think . ron hand they each a questionnaire . ron fill that there out and do not cheat on the drug part . can not help you if I do not know what you be doin' . ron put a box of pill on the desk . ron I get more stuff comin ' in about a week . til then , watch what you eat and who you eat . 64 int . dallas mercy hospital - nurse station - day 64 Eve pace , check she watch as nurse frazin sit nearby review file . eve he do not call , leave a message ? nurse frazin nothing . ( then ; off file ) he do change he address recently . a65 ext . dallas buyer club motel - day a65 still in she white lab coat , Eve get out of she car and walk towards a open door . 65 int . dallas buyer club - ron' office - day 65 box of drug and herb everywhere . ron be on the phone argue with someone , a small japanese - English dictionary in he hand . he stop in he track when he see Eve walk in . ron never mind . I will call back . thank you . arigato . he hang up . eve what be you do here ? ron I live here . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 45 eve where 's rayon ? you be roommate now ? ron not exactly . what be you do here ? confused , Eve look down on ron 's desk , pick up a file . he move to stop she , but he 's too late . eve Roger Thompson ? this be my patient . be you treat this people ? ron they be treatin' themselves . eve with what ? ron vitamin , peptide T , ddc . anything but that poison you be hawkin' . Eve start to look at the chart . a few beat , then : ron do you ever wear any color ? every time I see you I see white . ron smile . Eve do not . eve tell rayon I be look for he . and I be tell my patient to stay away from here . Eve walk out the door . ron why ? you wanna go grab a steak ? I know it 's red but ... and she exit . 66 int . supermarket - dallas - day 66 a near empty cart stand next to ron as he study the label on a box . rayon , dress in he pink coat , walk up . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 46 ron this be the shit that will rot you inside . what a surprise , fda approve . what the fuck be potassium benzoate ? rayon preservative . rayon throw a pack of bologna in the cart . ron you fuckin ' kiddin ' I ? defiant , rayon put he hand on he hip . ron do not pollute I with that process crap . I be eatin ' healthy . ron remove the bologna and throw it at rayon who almost fumble the catch . rayon it 's protein , it 's good for you . ron put it back . rayon toss it back at ron . rayon you can not tell I what to do . ron throw the bologna harder at rayon , who catch it like a pro football player , much to ron 's surprise . rayon enjoy the moment and disappear down the isle , proud , with he bologna under the arm . ron turn the corner of the next isle . t.j. be there put a case of Beer in he shopping cart . a uncomfortable moment pass . t.j. uh , hey ron. ron nod at he . t.j. how're you doin ' ? ron Fine . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 47 rayon appear at the other end of the isle . t.j. see he and laugh . t.j. Jesus , faggot everywhere . t.j. look at ron for confirmation . rayon reach they and throw a bag of chip in the cart . rayon hi. t.j. and ron do not answer . a awkward beat . ron this be rayon . ( off t.j. 's silence ) he say hi to you . rayon stick out he hand . t.j. do not respond . ron shake he hand , t.j. he do not . ron come on , buddy , what 's you fuckin ' problem ? t.j. give ron the finger . ron grab t.j. 's hand and twist it behind he back . t.j. resist , try to get out of ron' grip but can not . he finally extend he hand . rayon shake it . ron good . now get the fuck outta here and go back to you miserable life . t.j. stare at ron for a while , angry , humiliate , then leave . ron watch he go . rayon stare at ron , unsure of how to react to this . a subtle smile appear on he face . ron what ? rayon 's move that ron stick up for he . he start to tear up . ron see the bag of chip in the cart and throw it at rayon . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 48 67 ext . dallas buyer club motel - hallway - day 67 two dozen men , all prospective buyer , snake down the long exterior hallway . a neighbor walk by , disgust , hugging the wall as he make it to he own door . that be ron 's Pov follow at a distance as he arrive from the supermarket . int . dallas buyer club motel - 2 nd floor room - day a young , gay man , freddie , stand awkwardly fidget by the door , makeup poorly mask lesion on he face and neck . the line of customer be snake behind he . ron see freddie 's money , grab it and count it . ron fifty buck . ( yell to the line ) you do not get the money , you do not join the club . this be not no charity . ron give freddy he money back . ron you need three hundred and fifty more . DENISE , a Club volunteer , early forty , walk in . DENISE beaumont Lab 's delivery be here . a woman say you be expect she . 69 int . dallas buyer club motel - ron' office - day 69 francine suskind ( 37 ) , stand in front of ron 's desk look at a man behind she wheeling in cardboard box on a dolly . francine suskind you can get it abroad but in the States , we can only use it for animal research . it 's not classified as a drug so the fda do not control it . ron I be usin ' it for memory loss . you oughta try gettin ' it to market . francine suskind it cost around 250 million dollar to get a drug to market . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 49 ron damn , bureaucracy be good business . francine smile , she like ron . the man place the box mark peptide T on the floor . francine suskind this be for you animal research . ron wink at she , wait for the delivery man to leave , and produce a plastic bag fill with vial and drug . ron and this be for you daughter . she take the bag of medication and surprisingly become emotional . she hold it back , try to say thank you but can not . ron nod " it 's ok " . she hug he . int . dallas buyer club motel - 2 nd floor room - night rayon finish pack ron 's suitcase . he 's high . wasted . 71 int . dallas buyer club motel - ron' office - night 71 ron work the combination lock on a safe . he stop . wonder what 's wrong . look dizzy . he go to he desk and pop some pill . take a deep breath . rayon enter with the suitcase and a Pan be airline envelope . rayon you be all pack , here 's you ticket . ron remove a stack of cash from the safe and hand it to rayon . ron ( keep the money ) Jesus ! be you fuckin ' high ? rayon none of you business . ron actually , it be if I can not fuckin ' trust you . ( yell ) denise ! denise show up from the other room . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 49 a ron you be in charge ! rayon ( grab the money ) no ! you can trust I ! Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 50 they stare at each other . ron make sure my new caddy be at the airport for when I get back . rayon get it . ron denise , you hearin ' this ? now you two monkey take care of the zoo . and as ron take he suitcase and exit ... ron ( to denise ) keep a eye on he . 72 ext . airplane - stock footage - day 72 a 747 soar across the sky . on screen appear : hayashira Chemical Lab - okayama , Japan 73 int . hayashira chemical lab - japan - waiting area - day 73 briefcase in hand , cowboy hat on he head , ron wait along with japanese men who all stare at he . after a few beat , mr . yamata , the lab 's manager approach . mr. yamata Mr. woodroof ? ron that 's I . yamata bow , then : mr. yamata regard you order . I be so sorry , but we be no longer allow to export interferon to the United States . ron what do you mean ? mr. yamata I be sorry . I know you have come a long way . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 50 a ron fourteen hour on a plane , but hey , who give a shit , right ? ( off yamata 's look ) ( more ) Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 51 ron ( cont 'd ) look , if it 's a matter of money , I can make it worth you while , I get cash -- mr. yamata ( cut he off ) please understand . japanese doctor will be the only one who can make the purchase . and as ron 's wheel turn ... 74 int . dr . hiroshi be office - okayama - day 74 close on -- dr . hiroshi , 40s , who sit talk on the phone . dr . hiroshi ( in japanese ) ... that be correct . two thousand vial of alpha interferon . a reverse angle reveal ron , across from hiroshi . over the above , he slide ten $ 100 dollar bill across the desk . dr . hiroshi ( in japanese ) that 's right . deliver directly to my office . thank you . ( to ron ) slow drip . very strong . slow drip . ron walk to Dr. hiroshi , thanks he , and look he over from head to toe . 75 int . HOTEL room - okayama - night 75 ron pack he suitcase and put on a rolex and a expensive ring . bathroom : ron look at he reflection in the mirror . 76 int . dallas INTERNATIONAL airport - custom area - day 76 a custom officer look at ron dress with Dr. hiroshi 's lab coat , and wear Dr. sevard 's hair style as he talk into a large first generation cell phone . ron yeah , I be come . prepare the sedation . propofol . 10 milligram . ( more ) Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 52 ron ( cont 'd ) I say I be come . ( hang up , to the officer ) good morning . 77 int . dallas INTERNATIONAL airport - men' rest room - day 77 ron enter the Men 's rest room carry he suitcase and briefcase , and disappear in a ... stall - later ron inject a needle into he arm . on the toilet , a empty vial from the briefcase . ron take he lab coat off and stop . a searing pain course through he chest . ron grimace . the strange ringing again in he ear . then another shoot pain ... 78 int . dallas mercy hospital - reception area - day 78 tucker and a fellow police officer be do paperwork next to a man cover with blood . tucker have a double take when he see a unconscious ron be wheeled in on a stretcher by two paramedics . 79 int . dallas mercy hospital - hallway - day 79 visible through a open door , ron lie in bed in a hospital gown , hook up to a i.v. tube . in the hall , tucker and Dr. sevard be with the fda 's Richard barkley . dr . sevard we do not know what the drug be . he 's get HIV . tucker woodroof ? 80 int . dallas mercy hospital - room - continuous 80 ron hear the voice in the hallway . ron that a party out there ? Dr. sevard and the other hear ron , enter he room . dr . sevard Mr. woodroof . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 53 ron doc-tor sevard ! you must be surprised to see I . dr . sevard you nearly kill yourself . we need to know where you acquire that drug . ron ( be : i.v. tube ) and I need to know what you be pumpin ' into I here . dr . sevard a combination of azt ... ron what ? get it out ! ron rip the i.v. out of he arm . ron I be gonna sue you for attempt murder ! where 's my stuff ? dr . sevard you stuff give you a heart attack . ron go to hell . I say what go in my body , not you . final . period . end of story . dr . sevard that decision , like it or not , be leave up to the people in this hospital . ron this thing 's a epidemic and you be still lookin for guinea pig . well do I look like a rodent to you ? richard barkley Mr. woodroof , we tolerate the buyer club . now , every other organization in the country be dance with we but for some reason , either you do not understand what we be say or you just do not give a shit . dr . sevard you be a fool if you think you be help yourself . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 53a ron that 's right . I fool you . you tell I I would be dead in thirty day . ( more ) Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 54 ron ( cont 'd ) well howdyfuckindoody , cuz it 's a year later and look whose still here ? tucker try to stifle a laugh . ron now I be through with you . you get anything to say , tell it to my real doctor , Dr. sak . rayon rush in carry ron 's leather jacket . rayon I be so worried -- ron ( look around ) where 's my suitcase ? sevard Mr. woodroof , would you please get back in bed ? ron nope . and if you be gonna call a orderly on I , you would better fuckin ' do it , cuz this motherfucker be go home . 81 ron grab he leather jacket and throw it on . he walk out 81 and we see he 's naked under he gown . 82 int . dallas mercy hospital - dr . eve sak ' office - day 82 Eve sit behind she desk , Dr. sevard stand across from she . dr . sevard you be he physician and you can not tell I what medication he 's on ? eve he come in once for advice . I have no idea what he do outside of this hospital . dr . sevard well the fda confiscate over two thousand vial of alpha interferon ... that he be about to sell to aids patient . we patient ! Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 54a eve ( testing the water ) actually , I have be read about buyer club . they say they find other drug that be eliminate symptom . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 55-57 dr . sevard without control trial , we will never be able to cure this thing because we will have no legitimate data . tell you patient to stay away from he . with that , sevard exit . on Eve . 83 int . dallas buyer club motel - rayon' office - day 83 lot of activity , many employees on phone , shipment come in , new client line up through the connect door into ... ron' office . Maps of the different location around the country where buyer club have show up , New - York , San - Francisco , Miami . rayon ( hold a phone ) this guy say the Florida buyer Club be cheaper . ron then tell he to move to the fuckin' sunshine state ! a phone cradle in he neck , ron accept a shipment of several dozen box from a guy we see earlier in Mexico . ron ( into phone ) what do you mean you can not get it back ?! it be authorize by a doctor ! david wayne ( o.c . ) the fda say it be a japanese doctor with no legal stand . what can I say , they make it up as they go . ron 84 then check China , Amsterdam and Israel 84 cause that 's where I be fuckin ' goin ' ! 85 montage 85 plane take off and land ; we track ron make he way through various airport and international city ; we see a series of departure board - tel aviv ; Amsterdam ; Hong kong. Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 58 86 int . dallas buyer club motel - ron' office - day 86 not yet open for business . as rayon and he friend sunny hang photo on a freshly - paint nearby wall . Eve stand across from ron with she arm cross . ron I get first hand experience with all of them . and I will tell you something else , if I do not know what something ' be , or do not trust the white coat who 's try to sell it to I , I feed -ex it to my lab in Seattle and they test if for I . Eve look around at all the box and file . ron then I test it all on myself before I give it to anyone else . ( off she look ) I be my own lab rat . he grab a box of med . ron compound q. you know what happen if I come off it ? my hair fall out , I lose weight , I can not get my dick up and I start to die . I get three hundred other people with the same experience . ( grab another box ) peptitde T. get rid of dementia . stop takin ' it and you can not think straight , walk straight , or act straight . I get over two hundred people on that . you follow I ? ( grab another box ) ddc and ddi , both toxic , but in small dose , help kick opportunistic infection . eve ron , I respect that you be learn about you illness but some of this people should be in the hospital . ron all the hospital want be to serve up azt . eve azt help eradicate the virus . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 58a ron fuck the virus , once you get that , you be marry to it . I be more concerned about my symptom and survival . I mean , I be no scientist but ... rayon ( mock he ) you be not ? ' Cause you sound so ... scientific . rayon and sunny laugh like child . ron you fuckin ' high again ? rayon ( giggle ) I dunno . ron be you listenin ' to what I be sayin ' here about usin ' that shit ? ( then ; notice ) and what the fuck do you do to my wall ?! rayon it 's cranberry mocha . for the holiday . ron look back at Eve , exasperate . he grab a folder off he desk . ron people can live with this thing for longer than they be say . ninety -six - percent of people diagnose with aids in the U S of a will be dead in under six month . eve I know the statistic . ron then use they . why give people azt when they immune system be break ? it 's fuckin ' toxic ! eve if you be abuse it , like you do , with no medical surveillance , of course it be . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 58b ron maybe I do abuse it , but I be off it now , and I be here , feel good . and I be not the only one . ron turn to rayon and sunny , who be hang Marc bolan 's picture on the wall . ron why be Boy George 's goddamn face everywhere in my room ? rayon and sunny laugh . rayon it 's Marc bolan , silly ! why do not you just get it over with and say it , you love it ! ron ( be : rayon 's friend ) take you sunflower and get out . rayon Fine ! rayon and sunny leave the room , laugh . ron tear down bolan 's picture , and throw down the folder . ron you know what , look at it , do not look at it , I do not give a shit . 87 after a beat , Eve take the folder . 87 Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 59 88 int . dallas buyer club motel - bathroom - night 88 89 ron look at he reflection in the mirror . look like he just 89 wake up . he stand over the sink take he med , pour out pill from among a dozen bottle . he finish take the last pill , wash they down with water . run he hand through he hair , look at himself in the mirror , try to find a flatter angle . he stand there look at himself . after a while , he nod he approval . 89a int . dallas mercy hospital - hallway - day 89a sevard be about to walk into a room but stop in he track . dumbfound , he walk towards another room , shake he head and continue to the nurse 's station . dr . sevard where the hell be my trial patient ? nurse frazin ignore he and walk away . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 60 90 int . dallas buyer club motel - ron' office - day 90 the place be jamme with buyer . on the wall , people add they information to ron 's ever grow chart . employees unpack box and wait to talk to ron who walk out . 90a ext . dallas buyer club motel - day 90 a ron walk past the line of customer and up the stair to the second floor . he spot a man lean against he new cadillac . ron do not touch ! 91 int . dallas buyer club motel - 2 nd floor room - day 91 rayon , sick again , roll down he pants and prepare to insert a needle into he thigh . he close he eye , bring the waver needle closer to he skin ... ron if you be not doin ' popper and coke , how come you look like such shit ? rayon ignore ron , try to muster up the courage . ron you pussy , stick it in . who do you think be gonna do that when I be not here ? rayon look at ron with plead eye . ron rayon , I swear , God sure be dressin' the wrong doll when he bless you with a pair of ball . ( walk over ) give I that thing . ron take the needle and inject rayon with the drug . ron you know it 's one thing for I not to like you , but why do not you be a better friend to yourself ? rayon if I really think you be interested , I would tell you . just then , the door open . it 's ron 's attorney , David Wayne . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 61 ron what be you doin ' here ? david wayne ( hold up paper ) you be be audite . the IRS . 92 int . dallas buyer club motel - ron' office - day 92 ron and David Wayne look on as two IRS agent carry out box of receipt and other financial record . ron Nice work , fella , great . this be how you get Al capone , be not it ? as the Agents exit : david wayne do not piss they off . if there 's a fine , we will pay it . ron a fine ? Fine , alright , how much ? ten thousand ? twenty thousand ? I will write you a check right now . ron grab he check book . ron you think that will stop I , you motherfucker ! 93 David wave ron down with he hand . 93 94 int . dallas buyer club motel - ron' office - night 94 rayon be prepping shipping box with sunny , draw abstract artistic design on the box . ron walk out of the bathroom dress in a gangster style suit . rayon give he the once over . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 62 rayon honey , you do not have a snowball 's chance wear that thing . ron rayon , I do not need help gettin ' lady from you sorry ass . rayon trailer trash and rodeo groupy do not count as lady . be you sure she say the word yes ? fuck off ! rayon you get any flower ? ron look around , spot the Wild flower painting . he walk over and yank it off the wall , look at rayon defiantly , put it under he arm and storm out the door . 95 int . dunston' steak house - night 95 Eve wait in a booth . she watch a couple flirt at another table . the woman laugh and toss she hair back . Eve self consciously tuck she hair behind she ear . she stop , realize what she 's do . just then , ron approach with the painting . ron it 's the wildflower . Texas style . ron hand she the painting . she smile , play along . eve they be beautiful . thank you . and I do not even have to water they . ron slide in across from she . ron thanks for come . a beat . she look at he suit and smile politely . ron the IRS be on my ass . I wonder who tip they off ? Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 63 eve you do not actually believe I would do that ? ron Nah . but you gonna have to watch what you say when you be around that snake you work with . he 's the virus I be worried about . as a matter fact , if you hear of anything ... she shake she head , amused . a waiter approach . ron bring we you best bottle of cabernet . the waiter nod and leave . ron Nice restaurant , beautiful woman . I feel like a human be again . ( a beat ) how come you be not get no high power corporate honey to take you dancin' ? eve I do not dance . ron that 's cause you do not get a honey . how old be you anyway ? twenty two ? Eve shoot he a " nice try " look . she wonder , be he here to flirt or talk business ? Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 64 eve why be we here ? ron to eat , drink , enjoy life , be merry ... eve yeah right . ron take a break , relax , breathe , sak . she sit back , smile , the waiter come back with the wine . ron normal people do that , ya know . she take a proper sip of wine as he take a gulp . ron so why would you become a doctor ? eve because I be good in science . and my father say study history be a waste of time . so I go to mo school . ron not what I think you would say but make sense , you dad be a practical man . eve yes , he be . you turn . why do you become ... a electrician , right ? ron well my old man be a electrician . a good one too . but he be a better drinker . which I learn from he as well . ron raise he glass in a toast . they share a smile . ron so I be around it a lot . get pretty good at takin ' shit apart , seein ' how the inside work , and then puttin ' it back together . I be good at it and it put some change in my pocket . eve what about you mom ? Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 64a ron she be a painter , kind of a gypsy . she get tired a ' all the shit and leave . you know how it be . eve ( be : wildflower ) she paint that , you mom ? ron do not feel like you gotta hang it . I know you like everything perfect . eve I do not . I will hang it . I be go to hang it . it 's just ... be you sure you do not want to keep it ? ron look at she . a long time , then : ron you need to enjoy you life , little lady . you only get one . 96 the waiter approach with the wine . ron and Eve both look at 96 each other , enjoy they company . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 65 97 int . dallas buyer club motel - ron' office - night 97 we hear someone breathe . we be on one of the poster of a bikini clad woman . we pan to another poster of another girl , then another . the breathe be get more intense . it 's obvious that someone be masturbate . then we be on a poster of ... Marc bolan . the breathe stop . ron walk into frame and tear bolan 's poster down . then he spot another one . and another one . ron I be gonna kill he ! 98 int . dallas buyer club motel - rayon' office - morning 98 ron sift through box of inventory with a clipboard in he hand . a sickly look rayon sit on the sofa sip a cup of green tea , watch tv . ron we be run low on ddc and peptide-t , I think you be stock this ? rayon sit down and shut up . ron 's Pov on the tv . news anchor New study have prove that azt be effective in stop the progression of aids in asymptomatic case . Dr. Anthony fauci , head of the National Institute of Health , announce that a trial have clearly show that early azt intervention will keep aids at bay . azt be the only drug that have be show in scientifically control trial to be safe and effective , fauci contend . ( more ) Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 66 news anchor ( cont 'd ) 99 int . eve' house - live room - day 99 phone to she ear , Eve sit watch the same broadcast . ron ( o.c. ) scientifically control , my ass ! they take eight month to approve it . and from what we know now , azt be everything but safe ! 100 int . dallas mercy hospital - nurse station - day 100 Eve stand talk to nurse frazin . eve I want all my HIV patient on the asymptomatic study to have they azt dose lower to the minimum , 600 milligram . 101 int . dallas buyer club motel - ron' office - day 101 with the line snake out the door , ron sit behind the desk deal with a buyer . ron that 's four pill , three time a day with food . the vitamin too . as ron start put the med in a paper bag , we hear a commotion come from the other room . rayon ( o.c . ) I be not let you in , you have a search warrant ? rayon' office : rayon , still in he robe , stand block the doorway to Richard barkley who signal to tucker to take over . tucker gesture to rayon to move out of the way . he walk in with a fellow police officer and two drug enforcement administration ( dea ) agent . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 67 ron the hell 's all this ? tucker sorry , ron. ( to the buyer ) gentlemen , I be gonna need you all to leave the premise in a orderly fashion , please ! some grumbling as the buyer file out . barkley enter . richard barkley Mr. woodroof , I have a court order permit we to confiscate any and all non-fda approve drug or supplement . ron in other word , my entire inventory . ron look over at one of the fda Agents , who have begin open box . as the agent remove a unmark bottle : ron aloe vera ! it 's a plant . what do you give a shit if people eat plant ? richard barkley it 's improperly label . that 's a violation of fda regulation . ron it 's a bullshit technicality and you know it ! ( to rayon ) get my lawyer on the phone . rayon cross off to make the call . richard barkley we primary concern be prevent a market for illegal drug . ron illegal ? unapprove ! this be vitamin and mineral , for chrissake ! richard barkley vitamin and mineral that give you a heart attack , remember ? ron I be not sell that stuff , you confiscate it , remember ? Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 68 the agent confiscate lot of small blue box and put they in a evidence bag . ron ( sarcastic ) what 's the matter , you get Alzheimer , Richard ? ( point at the blue box ) ' Cause peptide T work for alzheimer too , ya know ? tucker look over at ron. ron come on , it 's a protein ! effective with dementia which I have . why do not you just look at my research ? richard barkley woodroof , I would not want you to spend you last day in jail . if you have a product you would like test , fill out a application and go through the process . ron do not threaten I ! I be unapprove motherfucker ! the process ? that 's just fda bullshit for pay up ! 250 million worth ! the Agents exit carry box and bag ; barkley give ron a big smile . richard barkley you will be receive you fine for non compliance and improper labelling soon . barkley leave follow by tucker who look sorry for ron. rayon come back to the room . he take a last peek through the window , and pull box of peptide T from underneath he robe , with the smile of a kid on he face , hand ron the phone . rayon you lawyer . ron this fucker be comin ' at I from all angle ! I wanna file a restrain order ! david wayne ( o.c . ) what ? against who ? Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 69 ron the government and they fuckin' fda ! he slam down the phone . ron we gotta relocate ! 102 int . dallas mercy hospital - dr . eve sak ' office - day 102 Eve be at she desk when suddenly Dr. sevard barge in . dr . sevard who give you permission to lower you patient ' azt dose ? eve I do not need permission . I be they doctor . dr . sevard I want that dose readjusted immediately . the study protocol do not allow dose reduction . eve I be not do a study for people who be asymptomatic with a toxic drug that make they sick . we do not treat people who have antibody for pneumonia or chicken pox when they be healthy . why should HIV be any different ? dr . sevard it 's a different kind of virus . eve say who ? barrow wilkem ?! Dr. sevard stare at Eve , who stand she ground . eve besides , I consult with each of they individually , it be they decision . sevard leave , fume . frank young ( v.o. ) -- and effective immediately ... Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 70 103 int . dallas buyer club motel - rayon' office - day 103 close on tv : we see ron and rayon 's reflection as they be watch fda commissioner Frank Young stand at a podium before a dozen microphone , mid-press conference , bombard by camera flash . frank young ... Americans with life - threaten illness will be permit to import small quantity of unapprove drug for they personal use . under this arrangement , the drug may only be purchase by individual who have be prescribe the medication by a physician . ron turn the tv off , shake he head as he walk away . rayon what the fuck do that mean ? ron it mean we be unapprove . now we be illegal ! 104 int . lonestar bar - bathroom - day 104 ron pull out a brown paper bag from inside the paper towel dispenser . he remove a stack of cash , put it in he coat , place a blue BOX into the dispenser and close the top . 105 int . lonestar bar - day 105 ron walk out to a table where rayon be wait . rayon have a ledger in front of he . his condition be deteriorate . ron let 's get outta here . rayon gather he thing and get up to leave . ron look up and see tucker look at he as he 's drink a beer across the room with a few other cop . ron signal to a waitress . ron send a round of beer over to my friend . ron throw some cash down on the table . rayon save you money , we be break . we credit card be max . ( more ) Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 71 rayon ( cont 'd ) a hundred grand between the fda and the IRS fine . the pharmacy bill due ... ron ignore he . a busty waitress float by . rayon how bout that size ? that would look good on I . ron you be not gettin ' tit , rayon . membership be high and so be demand . so we recruit more member from where ? rayon support group . ron yep ! I be gotta find md to write they prescription so we can keep dealin' this drug ... legally now . rayon in the meantime we could try the bank ? ron oh yeah , bonnie and clyde comin ' in for a loan . stop starin ' at she tit , you be startin ' to look normal . 106 int . tucker' house - kitchen - day 106 tucker , still in he police uniform , finish clear the table after dinner with he old father , who sit silently in a rock chair . tucker open the blue BOX and remove a buyer Club bottle of peptide T and a note . ron ( v.o. ) tuck , sorry to hear about you dad 's Alzheimer . this will help . woodroof . 107 int . SMALL home - dallas - day 107 the house have not see new carpet since the 60' . the conservative gay couple we meet earlier , Ian and Michael , show ron around . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 72 ron this place be crap , I will give you one fifty a month and fifty percent off you med . ian Mr. woodroof -- ron do not try to con I -- ian we do not want money . ron what do you want ? ian the house be free . we want to help . ron look from Ian and Michael and back again . ron oh . well that 's good news . Ian stick he hand out , ron shake it . 108 int . draddy auditorium - dallas high school - night 108 the same meeting from the beginning ; pack with mostly gay men . a different group of people be here now , but the atmosphere be the same . ron stand at the back of the auditorium with rayon at he side chew gum like a baseball coach . ron flip the light off and on ... ron hello ... howdy ... the crowd calm down , turn to look at ron . ron I get what you get and I have travel the world look for alternative medication , stuff not available yet in America , thanks to the good folk down at the fda . a murmur travel through the audience as people listen . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 73 ron some of you may have hear of the Dallas buyer Club , a organization I found with my friend rayon . Risk might be high , but what the hell , you be risk you life every time you go into one of they there hospital . ( beat ) I do not know where most of the people be who be at this meeting a year and a half ago ... maybe they lose interest ... maybe they be dead ... but I be here . I be walk , talk , breathe ... and be not no one gonna take that away from I . I gotta life to lead . a murmur travel through the audience as people listen . the point of we club be to get alternative treatment and medication into the hand of that who need them . ( beat ) the cost of join this club use to be $ 400 a month . well I be here tonight with a special offer . anyone who 's interested can come and sign up for the one- time only , rock bottom price of zero . ( beat ) that 's right , I be give it away folk . more murmur through the crowd . ron HIV do not mean shit . you be not sick , you be not sick . period . you tell a guy he 's get a week to live ? shit , he 's already dead . you tell a guy he can keep on goin ' ? he will find a way . remember , ya be not dyin ' . but if you think you be then you be not get nothing to lose . ron do a double take at rayon who be stare at he with tear in he eye . someone hesitantly applaud . a man get up and walk to ron , slowly other do too . 109 int . first bank - dallas - day 109 a financial institution . a man , 5as , walk over to the wait area and coldly signal a young man to follow he . this be rayon , hair slicked back , devoid of makeup and jewelry , wear ron 's business suit . he get up . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 73a 110 int . man' office - first bank - dallas - day 110 rayon look at the various family photo which decorate the bookshelve of the man 's office who sit behind he desk . rayon guess I do not make the cut . the man you make that choice yourself . rayon it be not a choice , dad . rayon 's father look at he with disdain . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 74 rayon' father what do you want , Raymond ? rayon I be fine , thanks . and you ? Long time no see . rayon' father I suppose I should thank you for wear man 's clothes and not embarrassing I . rayon ( sarcastic ) be you ashamed of I ? because I never realize that . rayon' father ( shaking he head ) God help I . rayon he be helpin ' you . I get aids . a long beat during which rayon 's father finally show some sympathy . rayon look like he father 's son for a moment . rayon I be sorry , dad . I find someone who 's be help I and now I would like to help he . a110 int . dallas buyer club - rayon' office - bathroom - day a110 rayon finish take ron 's suit off and look at he reflection , take in the lesion on he naked body , grab a compact and a tube of lipstick , and start put make up on he face , hold back tear . rayon God , when I meet you , I be gonna look pretty if it 's the last thing I do . I will be a super model angel . 111 int . dallas buyer club motel - ron' office - night 111 ron be on the phone , he personal address book in he hand . there be moving box scattered throughout the room . ron what ? no , please , wait a minute , doc ... Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 75 the phone click . ron slam the phone down several time . suddenly rayon enter as he finish buttone up he dress . ron all the md be fuckin ' backpeddlin ' on they heel . the fda be scare they with license revocation if they write script . rayon throw a cash fill envelope on ron 's desk . rayon maybe this will help . ron look at the cash in disbelief : two wrap wad of hundred dollar bill , worth maybe $ 10,000 . ron where would you get that ? rayon exit the room proudly . ron do you sell you ass ? rayon ( o.c . ) just a simple fuckin ' thank you would do . ron look at the cash , shake he head ... 111a int . dallas buyer club motel - rayon' office - night 111a as rayon walk into he room , ron appear . ron really , come on , where do you get it ? a long beat . rayon hesitates . rayon I sell my life insurance policy . ron offer rayon a hand shake . rayon open he arm . they hug . ron whisper a heartfelt , " thank you . " 112 int . dallas mercy hospital - dr . eve sak ' office - day 112 seat at she desk , Eve look up when she hear a knock on the door . ron , wear a huge sombrero hat , enter . eve what be you do ? Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 76 ron goin ' to Mexico , chica , you comin ' ? ron take he hat off and put it on she head , cover she eye . from Eve 's point of view , it 's pitch black until she adjust the hat , amused . eve do I look like someone who take vacation ? ron come on , tequila , sunshine , taco , never hurt anybody . Eve enjoy the attention . shake she head . ron I know you would rain on my party , but I have to give it a shot . ( a beat ) listen , I gotta ask you a favor . I need you to write I prescription so I can come across the border . I might not need it but if I do , I will have they . Eve do not respond . ron you know this rule that the fda just pass be just bullshit . ai not no doc from here to the north pole will write they . eve I know and I can not either . I be sorry . we can not write script for random people and random drug . plus what if something go wrong with this drug ? we could get sue , lose we license . ron okay ! never hurt to ask . Eve take the hat off and hand it to ron. ron keep it , nurse ratched ! ron exit the room leave Eve with the sombrero . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 77 113 int . dallas buyer club motel - rayon' office - day 113 Music play . rayon , extremely sick , hold a bottle of popper , watch sunny dance around the room amongst the stack move box . rayon start cough into a scarf , pull it away , it 's cover with blood . sunny stop dance . sunny you need to go to the hospital . rayon can not respond . sunny that 's it . I be drive you , right now . sunny walk over and pick up rayon , throw he over he shoulder . rayon okay , okay . I will go . put I down . let I get some thing first . rayon pick up he bag . 114 ext . dr . vass ' clinic - mexico CITY - day 114 ron enter the clinic with a suitcase . 115 int . dr . vass ' clinic - mexico CITY - day 115 close on a butterfly , emerald green wing with a blood red middle . its wing flap with life as a hand hold it and a needle be insert into its middle , extract its fluid . Dr. vass conduct the experiment with ron look on . in the background , another makeshift lab . dr . vass secretion that the caterpillar use to protect itself during the incubation period ... Dr. vass empty the content of the syringe into a test - tube . dr . vass ... act as a non-toxic anti-viral for human . the answer to a question . Dr. vass set the test - tube on a tray , cross to a table line with box , postmark in different language cover they surface . he rummages on the table , find a report . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 78 dr . vass ( hand it to ron ) the lancet medical journal publish a study conduct in France . prove azt alone be too toxic for most to tolerate , and have no last effect on HIV blood level . of course , barrow wilkem and the nih do not include the study in they press release . ron take the study , look it over . ron do not surprise I at all . vass hand ron some more paperwork . dr . vass this be early trial result for fluconazole . ron the anti-fungal , right ? I read about this . dr . vass you want to take some home ? ron as much I can carry . dr . vass we need a thousand more like you . ron Hell vass , I be just tryin ' to run a business . 116 int . dallas mercy hospital - icu room - night 116 Eve walk in , breathless . eye sink , breathe shallow , rayon be hook up to a i.v. as nurse frazin adjust a oxygen mask on he face . nurse frazin I take he off of it as you instruct . he 's just on morphine now . eve good . I will be in my office . thanks for call . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 79 she see sunny outside of the room , watch . she give he a hopeful smile and walk off . 117 int . dr . vass ' clinic - mexico CITY - night 117 ron leave the lab and notice a ominous green glow come from a nearby room . he approach it slowly , draw to it . 118 int . dr . vass ' clinic - mexico CITY - room - night 118 as he enter , he notice hundred of emerald green butterfly fly in the air and hang on the wall . they vibrant color give off a luminous glow . a butterfly land on he hand . he slowly raise he hand to he face for a better view . as time go on , more and more butterfly land on ron 's hand and body . ron take it all in . illuminate from the butterfly , he look like a " lite - brite " . a119 int . dallas mercy hospital - dr . eve sak' office - night a119 Eve wake up , seat at she desk . 119 int . dallas mercy hospital - icu room - night 119 rayon lie alone in bed , delirious from morphine , mumble beneath he oxygen mask . after a few beat , he take it off , lean over to the side table , take a compact and a tube of lipstick from he purse , and start to apply it , he hand tremble as he do . his mission accomplish , he set the lipstick aside , then lean he head back . and as he close he eye and drift away ... 120 ext . airplane - day 120 ron sit in he seat happily scribbling prescription for the drug he be bring in . on the pad we see the name - Dr. Eve sak , the same pad ... flashback : ...that ron take in Eve 's office when she have the sombrero on she face . 121 int . dallas INTERNATIONAL airport - holding room - day 121 box fill with hundred of small bottle of fluconazole lay on the floor . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 80 ron sit in a chair look on as a fda agent flip through he prescription , while another agent compare the name to that on the bottle . fda airport agent ( read name ) Walker , dorsett , Blount , newsome , jeffcoat ... this be patient ? ron yes sir . fda airport agent they be also the name of player on the Dallas Cowboys . ron no shit ? well how 's that for a coincidence ? fda airport agent be not this a little ridiculous ? ron you say it . fda airport agent can you prove this be patient ? ron can you prove they be not ? the agent look at he , then resignedly continue to flip through the prescription . 122 int . dallas buyer club house - live room - day 122 ron walk in . denise stop unload move box and hand he a stack of message . DENISE that be the emergency . ron flip through they , stop , look around the room , and notice rayon 's favorite Marc bolan 's poster on the wall of he new headquarters . ron where 's rayon ? DENISE at the hospital . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 81 what ? 123 int . dallas mercy hospital - icu room - day 123 ron rush into rayon 's room . the bed be empty . the sheet be on the floor . see from behind , sunny place rayon 's belonging in rayon 's bag . he turn . his eye be bloodshot . he look at ron and be about to start cry again . 124 int . dallas mercy hospital - hallway - day 124 nurse frazin be startle by off stage loud break noise . ron walk out of rayon 's room . ron sevaaaaard ! as ron walk past she , nurse frazin grab the phone . nurse frazin I need security up here , right away . ron push open different door look for Dr. sevard . 125 int . dallas mercy hospital - pediatric area - day 125 ron storm into a room where several patient wait for appointment . some be completely healthy , other be show sign of sickness . ron sevard ! ron spot sevard . ron there you be , you son of a bitch . ron you kill he . dr . sevard what be you talk about ? ron you call yourself a doctor ? you be a murderer . the patient in the hallway turn they head towards the commotion . Eve walk out of a room and watch . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 82 dr . sevard leave or you will be arrest . ron arrest I ? ( to the wait patient ) do you hear that ? two security guard enter . ron first class everything , big house , mercede benz . that 's what they pay he to say it 's ok to pump poison into y'all . the guard move to grab ron . ron get away from I . I get aids . I will spit on you . ron spit on the floor . the guard back off . Dr. sevard watch slack - jaw as ron continue to spit . the guard grab he ... ... as Eve watch sevard , emotionally charge . ron ( o.c. ) you see this ? this be harassment . get I my attorney or do I have to be my own lawyer too . own doctor , own lawyer . 125a ext . dallas buyer club house - day 125a ron slam the car door shut , walk towards the house watch the line of man snake out the door . he take they in . most of they look very sick . his eye stop on freddy who 's watch he . freddy smile as he wave cash at ron who feign a smile and walk in . 125b int . dallas buyer club house - live room - day 125b ron enter as denise finish hand out information to three very sick men . denise make she way over to ron . DENISE ( be : sick man ) from Austin . all on azt . they insurance be pay for the treatment and they do not know if they can afford to switch . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 83 ron hook `em up . DENISE we be pretty cash poor . ron walk towards he office , stop , turn around and throw he car key to denise . ron sell my car and make sure everyone get what they need . 125c int . motel room - night 125c ron pour himself some tequila and gulp it down . pour himself another glass . a hooker be dance in front of he . no music . she start to touch he . ron just dance . she go down on he . he stop she , and leave , throw some money on the floor . 126 int . dallas buyer club house - ron' office - day 126 ron wake up to a knock on the door . Eve walk in . a long beat . ron do not even look at she . ron anemia , Cancer , bone marrow depletion , fever , diarrhea , vomiting , neuropathy , anxiety , dizziness , impotence , hear loss , nervousness , seizure ... sound like aids to you ? that there come inside a box of azt , a list of side effect . eve rayon be a drug addict ! it be not a day on azt that kill he , but the disease as a whole ! ron register . calm down a bit . eve ron , you steal my prescription pad ! so do not accuse I of act irresponsibly ! rayon come to the hospital on he own ... Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 83a ron ( cut she off ) ... and get carry out in a trash bag three day later ! eve ( yell ) he be my friend too , you know ! they both get quiet . a beat during which Eve be hold back tear . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 84 ron let I ask you something . let 's say I have the cure right here in my back pocket . I could save everyone today . Eve 's expression change . ron but I do not have no funding and I do not have no back . now how long be it gonna take before the fda approve it ? ron cross to the desk , produce a copy of the lancet Medical Journal Study he get from Dr. vass , and hand it to she . ron read that and you tell I how wrong be too wrong ? 127 int . eve' house - night 127 Eve walk into she house , open a drawer , remove a hammer , smashes it down on a nail and miss . she smashes the hammer down again , harder , and again , and again . her Pov : lot of hole in the wall , very far from the nail , and soon hide by ron 's painting of the Texas wildflower . she walk away without straighten it , sit down and start read the " lancet Study " . ron ( v.o. ) I get three thousand people who need to get they hand on peptide T. now . include I . 128 int . dallas buyer club house - live room - day 128 ron pace the floor as David Wayne walk in with a big cardboard box . david wayne they shut she lab down . the fda have shut all of we supplier down , what can I tell you ? ron if I do not get it by the end of the week I wanna file a lawsuit . david wayne come on , ron , we lose the restrain order , remember ? we be in Texas . the court system be the last resort for you . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 85 ron well find a place where it 's not , goddamnit . go to San Francisco , get a sissy judge , figure it out ! ron spot a flyer on the cardboard box and grab it . it read : " dallas buyer club newsletter " . ron perfect . 129 int . dallas mercy hospital - pediatric ward - day 129 Eve watch as young apparently healthy child wait with they parent to complete form . she go up to Dr. sevard . eve what 's go on ? dr . sevard barrow wilkem give we the green light on the azt pediatric trial . eve what ? this be crazy ! all this kid be HIV positive ? sevard look uneasy . dr . sevard we be start very slowly with a fifth of a dose . eve would you give this fifth of a dose to you own child ? touch . sevard hold she gaze for a moment and leave . 130 int . dallas mercy hospital - pediatric waiting area - day 130 young child be wait with they parent . among they , a girl with she mother , francine suskind , the woman from beaumont Lab whom ron meet earlier . Eve walk in and discreetly place Dallas buyer Club flyer on a table , then walk off . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 86 131 int . draddy auditorium - dallas high school - day 131 the room be pack . on the dais stand Richard barkley from the fda . to he leave and right , be representative from the Center for Disease Control , the National Institute of Health and act - up . they hear something squeaking and look up : at the back of the room , ron enter , hook up to a i.v. drip on wheel that he carry along as he start pass out copy of he flyer . ron here you go , please read this . richard barkley ( o.s. ) Mr. woodroof , will you kindly tell we what you be do ? everyone turn to look at ron. ron I be givin ' people information ... on this trial I be in , right now . I want everyone here to know what 's go on . richard barkley and what be go on ? ron why be peptide T cut off ? a non-toxic drug , that I have proof work and that accord to the National Institute of mental Health , be completely safe . richard barkley Mr. woodroof , you be nothing but a common drug dealer -- ron I be a drug dealer ? you be the drug dealer . the pharmaceutical company be the drug dealer . ron grab a bag of jelly bean out of the hand of a person in the audience . hold they up . ron the yellow number fives , red , green and purple dye you put in this here candy cause seven kind a cancer . a security man approach , ron walk away from he . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 87 ron the aspartame in my diet coke , the steroid in my meat , the hormone in my milk , the antibiotic in the chicken . now that 's the shit the fda know will kill you . yet you be all up there worried that some sick people will find something ' without you and y'all will not get pay . ron throw the bag of jelly bean to the security man who catch it . and he leave the room , squeaking away . 132 int . ron be car - dallas STREET - day 132 ron be drive , sing out loud , a cappella . ron oh I be bad , I be nationwide ! 133 int . dallas mercy hospital - conference room - day 133 sevard put ron 's flyer down on the table in front of Eve who stand in front of the medical board . dr . sevard we think it be in everyone 's best interest that you resign . Eve look at Dr. sevard who meet she gaze with calculate coldness . eve I will not . you will have to fire I . she start to leave , stop , turn around . eve y'all go fuck yourselves ! 134 int . dallas buyer club house - live room - night 134 ron appear from the kitchen with a beer . ron one leave . eve we be split that . ron crack the beer and hand she the can . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 88 ron that be a ballsy move ! Eve look away . ron open he arm ... ron a nice , warm hug ... ( she accept it ) ... and a day of watchin ' some bull ridin ' , that 's what you need , doctor woodroof 's order . she smile and they both let go , uneasy with the closeness . ron do not you miss a regular life ? eve regular ? what 's that ? do not exist . ron yeah , I guess . ( a beat ) I just want ... ron look at she . eve what ? he take the can back . ron ... a ice -cold beer at Ruby 's . go dancin ' with my woman . I want kid ... thumb wrestle with my son . I do not know . I get one life -- mine . but I want someone else 's . I feel I be fight for a life I be not get the time to live . ron downs some beer . ron I want it all to mean somethin' . Eve look at ron , study he . eve it do . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 89 135 int . eve' house - night 135 Eve look at the painting of the Texas wildflower . for some reason , she become emotional and decide to straighten it . 136 int . dallas buyer club house - bathroom - early morning 136 close on ron 's box of med , almost empty . by the look on he face , ron clearly just wake up . but there be something else . he take a empty bottle of peptide T and look at it , confuse . hear the strange ringing again ... 137 int . ron be car - dallas STREET - day 137 and that be all we hear as we see ron drive along the street into the middle of a intersection . ron stop the car , put he hand over he ear , and walk out . 138 ext . STREET - dallas - day 138 ron try to direct traffic , bear foot . people blare they car horn . other scream out they window . a policeman arrive on the scene and approach ron. tucker pull up and see ron , he jump out of he car . tucker I will take care of this . tucker step in . he grab ron 's arm , make eye contact . tucker ron ! you be in the middle of the street . do you understand what I be sayin ' ? no answer from ron. tucker come on , man , let 's go home . tucker put a hand on ron 's shoulder and walk he towards he squad car . 139 int . tucker' house - kitchen - day 139 a blue BOX rest on the table , next to ron who stare at it , as he 's be give a injection of peptide T by tucker . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 90 140 int . tucker' house - live room - day 140 tucker 's father sit in a chair face ron . tucker' father of course I remember you , trouble maker . ron I still be ! they share a smile . ron I be glad you be doin ' better , sir . tucker I be gonna talk with ron a minute , pop . tucker step off to the side with ron. tucker listen , the fda be gonna bust you tomorrow . ron 's wheel be turn . ron thanks for the tip , tuck . and as ron exit the house ... tucker I will be there , man , and do not you fuckin ' hit I again ! 141 ext . dallas buyer club house - day 141 a line of customer be out the door as three Dallas Police Cars pull up . as tucker get out of the lead car , he be greet by Richard barkley and two fda Agents . they head inside . that 's ron 's Pov ... 142 int . dallas buyer club house - live room - day 142 ... as he 's watch from a window . Eve tend to several buyer club member , i.v.s attach to they , lie on the floor . a news team film the entire thing . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 91 eve ( to the reporter ) this be fluconazole . it help they with thrush . suddenly , the front door open . Police be in the room , gun draw . richard barkley no one move . put you hand in the air . the news camera keep roll . tucker Ronald woodroof ? ron step up through the crowd . tucker I have a warrant for you arrest , a search warrant for the premise , and a court order to cease and desist business immediately . and with that , ron allow tucker to handcuff he . and as he do , the customer " boo " and " hiss " loudly , all catch on by the News Crew . richard barkley turn off that camera . now ! but the camera man do not stop filming . richard barkley ( to ron ) please instruct the rest of this people to leave , now . ron I be not no cop . why 'ot you tell them ? tucker escort ron outside . 143 ext . dallas buyer club house - day 143 the News Crew continue to film as ron be lead out past the wait customer , talk to the reporter . ron it 's the bust of the century ! do not they look like harden criminal ?! Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 92 a ambulance pull up . men wear mask and glove begin to escort people off . barkley and he Agents watch the circus from the sidewalk . ron be put in the squad car by tucker . 144 int . dallas police station - holding room - day 144 David Wayne enter and throw a newspaper on the table in front of ron. ron deadly drug ? what the fuck ? david wayne they write the fda 's story . ron I can not believe it . I tip that asshole off . david wayne do not worry . I get good news . I get you a change of venue for the peptide T trial in San Francisco . and no surprise , they be not press charge . david wayne then what the fuck be I doin ' here ? david wayne they be try to break you , I do not know . let 's get out of here . they leave . ron ( to himself ) they will never break I . 145 ext . courthouse - san francisco 145 we see ron 's reflection in the window of a cab that move out of the way as ron start walk towards the courthouse , help by David Wayne who hold he arm . a super fade in . U.S. District Court Northern District of California Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 92a 146 int . courtroom - san francisco 146 ron , dress in a conservative suit , be look extremely ill . next to he be David Wayne and two other young attorney . on the oppose side be fda representative include Richard barkley and other who we have not ever see before . they have a team of four attorney . judge the constitution , specifically the ninth amendment , do not state that you have the right to be mentally healthy or physically healthy . it do state that you have a right to choose you own medical care but that be interprete as medical care that be approve by the food and drug administration . the judge look over to the fda table . judge regard the fda , the court be highly disturb by its bully tactic and direct interference with a drug whose own agency have find to be non-toxic . the fda be form to protect people , not prevent they from get help . the judge sigh . judge the law do not seem to make much common sense . if a person have be find to be terminally ill they ought to be able to take just about any drug they feel will help ... but that be not the law . Mr. woodroof , there be not a person in this courtroom who be not move to compassion by you plight , what be lack here be the legal authority to intervene . I be sorry . this case be hereby dismiss . the judge bang the gavel . David Wayne raise in frustration . ron close he eye , defeat . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 93 147 int . dallas buyer club house - live room - day 147 ron , still look sick , open the door and be startle by a crowd of people clap and cheer . ron Jesus mother Mary Fucking Christ ! among the crowd , ron spot Eve and David Wayne with a smile of victory on they face . ron do not understand . they walk to he and show he a paper with the fda logo on it . Black . Super : follow the trial , the fda in Washington allow ron to get peptide T for he own personal use . and as the cheer and clap grow bigger , we cut to : 148 ext . rodeo - day 148 ron , 20 pound heavier , look healthier , be sit atop the railing above the stall look down at the bull . he 's get on glove , hat , pants , and boot , ready to ride . he remove a flask from he pocket and take a long swig . the bullhand and ron exchange a look . ron nod , take a deep breath , swing he leg over the railing , straddle the stall , stay above the animal . the moment ron 's ass hit the leather , the gate be up , the bull be out , and the crowd whoops it up . rodeo contestant number " 43 " ron woodroof ride the bull , he hand , leg and heel all work together . his " off " hand be hold out above he , cut the air for balance . the bull make a abrupt change of direction , catch ron off guard and just when it seem that he 's about to be throw in the air , we hear Eve scream she gut out as the image freeze on a perfect frame on this cowboy in action to control the beast . the crowd 's cheer be echoing in the distance , blend with the soft strange ring that we know , that only ron could hear . and as we zoom in on the image : fade to black . Ronald woodroof die on September 12 , 1992 , seven year after he be diagnose with the HIV virus . he manage to stay alive use unapprove drug and be memorialize by 1000 gay man in Dallas , Texas . Dallas buyer Club / Green revision / Dec 2 , 2012 / P. 93a-95 fade out . fluconazole and Alpha interferon be now fda approve . ddc be approve in 1992 but be no longer use due to its highly toxic effect . peptide T remain unapprove but still in study for neurological disease , like Alzheimer . today , it be have be scientifically prove that HIV be the cause of aids . base on this knowledge , great stride have be make in treat this infection with anti-hiv medication but a cure have yet to be discover . the first study with azt as a single drug ( monotherapy ) while show initial good result do not ultimately prove to be a long term solution for HIV treatment . by 1996 , medical researcher learn that HIV be best treat with a combination cocktail of at least three HIV medication . azt be frequently use as a part of this early combination therapy . today , azt have be largely replace by safer , new HIV medication . *