" damien - omen ii " screenplay by stanley Mann and Mike hodge Story by harvey Bernhard shoot final September 19 , 1977 a harvey bernhard production 518 " damien ~ omen ii " fade in . ext , acre harbor - dusk 1 skyline of mosque and ancient tower be a vicious red , lit py weaken ray of the set sun . camera pan across the wall of the old crusader city and down to the harbor . a jeep come to a halt at the far end , bugenhagen , @ once powerful man in he late fifty , with heavy shoulder and bull neck , climb painfully out . his hair and beard be now white . his face be draw and anxious . he pick up a small , dusty leather box and some newspape:r and limp towards one of the harbor cafe . ext , cafe .- dusk 2 the sea smack against the rock below the cafe terrace , Beyond , small boy dive from the ruin wall once defend by the crusader , Inside , sit alone , be michael morgan . he sip he turkish coffee and brandy and turn the page of he book . a precise man , Morgan , English , in he fifty , a respected archaeologist . bugenhagen hobble through the door and approach he friend , Morgan look up over he half - glass and see bugenhagen , he stand , obviously surprised to see he , camera remains outside to watch they exchange greeting . ey sit . int , cafe ~ dusk 3 bugenhagen thrust newspaper in front of Morgan . his finger strike headline : " U.S , ambassador and wife buried together in london , " bugenhagen have you see this ? morgan ( take a cursory look and nod ) yes . very curious . . bugenhagen place another newspaper in front of he . the headline be : " president and wife comfort bereave . ambassador be son , " he stab at the photograph of a young hoy . cont . 518 2 3 cont. bugenhagen do you recognize he ? morgan ( study it closely and shake he head ) no . bugenhagen have not you see yigael be wall yet ? morgan they only uncover it last week , I ~-- bugenhagen ( point at photograph ) the face of yigael 's Satan as a child be the same { there 's no doubt . damien thorn be the anti-christ } Morgan stare at he old friend , worried for he -- morgan Carl -- bugenhagen you must believe I [ morgan {calmiy ) Carl , I be a archaeologist , not a religious fanatic ... bugenhagen ' whereof ye have hear that he should come , even now already be he in the world , and he power shall be mighty ; and he shall destroy wonderfully , and shall prosper , and practice , and shall destroy the mighty and the holy , ! morgan T appreciate the sermon , Carl , but what possible fact could there -- bugenhagen a week ago ~- he father try to stab he . cont . 518 morgan ( pretend to scan the newspaper ) a minor detail this newspaper seem to have omit . bugenhagen I give he the dagger myselfi 3 3 coat.1 Morgan be suddenly attentive . he sip he brandy and study bugenhagen , bugenhagen the boy be in America now , live with he father 's brother . ( indicate leather box ) you must take this to he new parent , there 's a letter inside explain everything . morgan ( shaking he head ) I be sorry , Carl , you can not expect I -- bugenhagen they have to be warn ! I be too old , too ili , I can not go myself , and I be the only person who know the truth , so I must -- he hesitates . Morgan adopt the over- gentle manner of one speak to a old friend who be balanced on the edge of a breakdown . morgan must what ? bugenhagen stay where I will be safe . . morgan ( shake he head ) my dear friend -- ( sink he drink and signal to waiter ) -- it have a reputation to -- bugenhagen ( interrupt again ) that 's why it have to be you . listen to you . they 11 cont . 518 3 cont.2 morgan ( become irritate ) and then have I commit ! no . I like you , I respect you work , but in no way can I believe -- bugenhagen then come to yigael 's walll bugenhagen stand . morgan ( mix anger and amusement now ? bugenhagen ( determine ) now , waiter come to table . Morgan tap he glass with a dig-hardened finger . morgan same again . ( smile ) and a double one for my old friend , I think he could use it . ext , belvoir castle moat - dawn 4 the rise sun give the same livid red coloring to the ouin and the vast Jordan Valley below they , belvoir , the great crusader 's castle , be situate at the top of a steep hill . the dig be immense and complex and desert . a distant buzz prompt the camera to pan slowly around and find a jeep climb up to the wide moat , bugenhagen , look even more ashen , switch off the engine . Morgan , wrap in a warm blanket , be asleep in the back , bugenhagen ( shaking he ) Michael ! Morgan groan and open one red eye , morgan I trust ali this will guarantee I a place in the Kingdom of Heaven ? bugenhagen grunt and hand he a miner 's helmet and flash ~ - light . he then pick up the leather box and they move off . 518 5 ext , belvoir castle - dawn 5 long-haire sheep nervously graze among the decaye wall and arch . they blank , colorless eye start as the two archaeologist appear . they bell clang discordantly as they run off in panic , stop to stare as bugenhagen and Morgan approach the long dark staircase encase in the castie 's outer wall . they switch on they miner 's lamp and begin to descend the wear step , angle in the dawn sky . 5a above the dig , a large crow slowly circle ! angle on the two men again 5 - B as they continue to descend the step . music begins as doe the feeling of claustrophobia , they be indeed walking into there own tomb . int , belvoir castle ( acre ) ~- banquet hall 6 vast , dark . a line of six fifty - foot high pillar run '' he length of the chamber , bugenhagen enter , follow closely by Morgan . they switch on they flashlight and cross to a further excavation at the base of one pillar , bugenhagen move painfully onto the ladder , '' music grow , the feeling of doom be overwhelming , Morgan have lag behind . bugenhagen turn to see where he be . his miner 's lamp find a face that 's uneasy in this eerie place , Morgan follow reluctantly , blackness close in as they descend and enter the tunnel below . int , belvoir castle ( acre ) - tunnel 7 lamp flash along the tunnel . on the floor , duckboard have be laid . obviously , this be where the most recent excavation be be carry out . equipment and discovery , all cover in plastic , line one side of the tunnel . Morgan 's lamp scan the object as he move along behind bugenhagen . he stop beside one particular piece and bend down to examine it . it 's a huge stone carve : a woman sitting upon a scarlet - cover beast , the beast be cover with carve name and have seven head and ten horn , he gently lift the plastic to get a better view of the unpleasant sculpture . morgan ( touch the piece ) the Whore of Babylon ... ( call ) Carl , have you -- cont . 518 6 . 7 cont , he lock up to see bugenhagen disappear through a exit in the tunnel 's side , the old man do not hear he , Morgan carefully replace the plastic . bugenhagen forse come and see , Michael . Morgan move to the exit . he pause there , watch bugenhagen in the low cavern beyond , ' the old man 's flasa - light be move over a wall painting partly hide by the base of a huge pillar . bugenhagen this will convince youl ! music swell . the tomb be about to be close , as Morgan move in the direction of the wall , there 's the SOUND of a crack like a bullwhip , follow by a deep and frightening rumble . he stop in he track . at that monent , the tunnel roof give way and crash in a avalanche of stone and dirt . Morgan look back into the tunnel , morgan be there another way out ? bugenhagen no . they both reenter the tunnel end begin pull away the rubble , suddenly , there 's another ear-splitt crack and rumble , the roof behind they now cave in . they tomb be no more than five foot wide , the crash be follow by a deathly silence , Morgan look at bugenhagen in horror . the old man' eye be close , resign , prepare for death , ' then the silence be break by the quietest but most sinister sound -- run sand ! a steady stream of 1t fall before Morgan 's face , he look up . hole appear in the roof . through each of they , sand begin to rapidly pour into the cavity , they be trap in a hourglass that 's worth alll of five minute ! morgan Carl -- | he look down . there , at he foot , be the whore of babylon . the sand be already cover it and the sculpture face mock he through the plastic , he begin to panic , claw again at the rubble . bugenhagen the anti-christ be with we ! give yourself to God ! 518 be big closeup - sheep' face 8 as it turn in panic , then disappear in a cloud of dust . int . belvoir castle - banquet hall 9 " model . " the ceiling and pillar lurch . part of it crumble with a loud crack . '' int . belvoir castle - tunnel 10 the sand be already at waist height . Morgan moan and continue to claw at the debris . his effort be futile . bugenhagen 's eye be close . bugenhagen ( quietly ) ' , .. and he have power to give life unto the image of the beast ; that the image of the Beast should both speak and cause that as many would not worship the image of the Beast should be kill .! int . belvoir castle - banquet hall i1 " model . " the noise be terrifying as a final lurch bring everything toppling down in a cascade of fly rubble . angle on crow high above the dig ii - a it circle , as the sun begin to pour great heat down on the land . ini . belvoir castle - tunnel 12 Sand be at chin-level and rise . bugenhagen continue to pray . bugenha gen ' , .. the force of evil may seem to overwhelm we and be triumphant , but goodness will prevail . for it be write in the Book of revelation : " , .. and then shall that wicked be reveal , whom the Lord shall consume with the spirit of his mouth , and shall destroy with the brightness of his come . " ! the sand reach they eye . Morgan 's muffle scream be horrible . his eye roll in they socket . bugenhagen remain calm to the end . the sand of time run in , until even the lamp of they miner 's helmet be extinguishec . blackness . total and absolute blackness . chicago , illinois seven year later 518 8 ext , thorn country house - dusk 13 Autumn , vast bonfire of dead leave be be tend by several gardener . a young boy , damien thorn , stand with he back to we , contemplate the flame . Beyond he , way in the distance , we see a palatial house , many room be : already light against the impending darkness , a small figure , MARK thorn , appear on a balcony with a bugle , and play a solitary note . MARK ( call out ) damien ! time to gol damien ( call back ) come ! he turn to older gardener . we see damien be dress in the uniform of a military academy , damien see you next weekend , jim have a good time , damien . damien be already run . camera track with he , behind the tree , towards the house . int . thorn country house ~ dusk 13 - a through the window of the conservatory , we see damien approach the house . he slow down as he enter and begin to creep on tiptoe , he move quietly behind the numerous indoor plant and a Old Lady study one of the rarer species , as he move past she , damien call out loudly : damien good-bye , aunt marion , the Old Lady nearly jump out of she elegant dress , camera travel on with damien into the huge hallway as aunt marion call after he : aunt marion ( 0.8 . ) good-bye , damien , perhaps you manners will have improve by the time we meet again , : 9 int . the hallway 13 - B we see the distant figure of murray , the chauffeur , carry suitcase towards the front door , Mark , also in a uniform , carry he bugle , run down the marble staircase behini . - camera move with they all across the hallway to the front door where richard thorn and he wife ann be wait . they all exit and camera watch they through the window , ext , thorn country house - dusk 13-c trunk of car be already open . plastic suit carrier be laid on top of valise . Murray 's hand carefully flatten the other military academy uniform inside . during this , we hear Richard , Ann , damien , and Mark make they farewell . extreme wide angle - house 13 -d as . limousine speed away through the grounds . int , the limousine ~ dusk 13 - E the'boys sink down in the backseat so that they head be below the bottom of the window . damien oh , boy ! MARK wow ! what a day ! I be go to scream ! . damien De it now ! and both boy let out yell in unison . the driver , murrey , put one hand over a ear , damien Murray , give we a cigarette ! murray you know the answer to that one , damien . MARK . if you do not ask , you never know ! damien turn in the seat , lift up he head , and thumb he nose back at the house -- damien aunt marion ! for you . cont . 518 518 10 13-e cont. Mark turn and blow a discordant note on he bugle . . MARK God , she 's awful ! why do they invite she ? . damien so she could wag she finger and criticize we and ruin we weekend ! MARK at least we do not have to have dinner with she ! she 's get to be a hundred year old , and what 's that smell ? damien lavender , you fool , ail old lady douse themselves in it . car glide along silently . Mark fool with he bugle . murray have you boy meet you new platoon leader yet ? MARK neff ? damien neff for neffer mind , they be all the same . when you have meet one platoon leader , you 've met they alli attention , eye front , ear back , bum in ! MARK youtre crazy , you know that ? damien ront marton one more for Mark blow a loud raspberry on he bugle . ext . gateheuse - thorn estate - dusk 13 -f limousine move swiftly between they onto the main road . its headlight be suddenly switch on , glaring into camera . 'ot ( @ 518 il int . thorn country house dine room ~ night 14 four people be at the long , beautifully - set table : Richard and Ann , the formidable aunt marion , Richard 's aunt , and - charle warren , curator of the thorn Museum . a servant be just leave the room , have set down dessert , and as they all bend to it : aunt marion surely I be entitle to a answer to my question , Richard , even if it 's only out of deference to my age ... I _ richard ( with a look at Warren ) I do not think we should bore Charles with a personal -- aunt marion there 's nothing personal about it . what do you say , Mr. Warren ? in a world fill with hate and war , why send two young man to a military academy , where they learn nothing but march and battle maneuver , and how to use deadly weapon ? warren ( not eager to be include ) I be sure they be teach other 's thing ... aunt marion oh , yes , gymnastics and parade . how many boy in uniform do you see come into you museum ? not many , I think -- ann ( firmly why do not you let Charles answer , we know what you -- . warren not many , it 's true ... aunt marion no , not many , and they do not fill the church , either , or the theatre . cont. 12 14 cont . richard ( put down spoon , sighing , sit back ) . get to the point , aunt marion , what -- aunt marion take they out of the Academy ... ann they be very happy there . aunt marion ( riding right over ) -~ give they a sound religious training , there still be a God , you know . why do they have to become ruffian ? richard Robert and I go to military School , I do not think you can call we =~ aunt marion I be not say you be a ruffian , or that poor Robert be , .. but there be other effect that kind of training -- ann ( warningly ) aunt marion -- richard I suggest we table this discussion , and have some coffee . aunt marion you be put it politely , but youtre still tell I to shut up , and I will not be shut up ! look what happen to you brother ! it all come out in the end , do not it ? madness and violence -~ Ann throw down she napkin -- ann stop it ! but the old woman cannot : aunt marion you can see the beginning in damien . cont. 518 13 14 cont .1 and Richard jump to he foot . richard that 's enought you be tired , you be go to bed now -- aunt marion not until I have make myself perfectly 's clear -- Richard take she by the arm , and begin gently but firmly pull she to she foot , richard I will take you to you room . ( to Warren Excuse I , Warren rise , flustered , but ever polite : warren good night -- at the door , aunt marion turn in Richard 's grasp and face Ann : aunt marion you should take my side , you should want to help you child , instead of -- ann my child be my -- richard enough , I say ! and he lead aunt marion out of the room . Ann , tremble , sit , Warren tap nervous finger on he coffee cup . when she have pull herself together somewhat : ann I apologize . she 's =~ she 's old , she do not know what she 's say anymore . , . I be sorry . int . hallway / landing - night 15 camera move with Richard and aunt marion as he lead she up to the second floor , and urge she along towards she bedroom . aunt marton I can walk by myself -- | she break loose from he grip . 518 cont. 518 14 15 cont . aunt marion you brother try to kill damien ! richard I want you word that you will never behave this way again , or you be not welcome in my house -- aunt marion why do he want to kill he ? richard he be i111 , emotionally and mentally -- aunt marton what about damien ? richard there 's nothing wrong with damien ! you have build up this hatred for he base on absolutely nothing ! aunt marion look carefully ! richard ( tense , quiet ) go to bed , please . you be not in control of yourself now , aunt marion damien will inherit nothing from meet richard do what you want , the share in the company be yours ! but when you be in my house -- aunt marion draw herself up . she open the door of she bed - roon , aunt marion i'm you guest , but this be my room , for the time be , and I want you to leave it . richard I will have Murray take you to the airport in the morning . she shut the door with a slam , int , bedroom - night 15 - a aunt marion take several deep breath , cross to the window , throw the curtain aside , and open the window , she inhale fresh air , then turn to the bed , start to wndress as she go to it . ( @ 518 i5 int . the den - thorn country house - 16 night a slide be shimmer on a screen stand to one side of the room . on it we see various artifact , vase , statuettes , SMALL wall carving -- warren ( voice over . -' -& good many of this thing have already be pack and send . we should have the first shipment in about three week . three shot - richard , ann and warren 16 - 4 with Warren press control button . Ann and Richard sit in leather chair , watch the screen . warren here 's something that will interest you . the new slide come up on the screen . the giant wall carving of the whore of babylon . ann ( reacting with some fear ) oh , dear ... warren yes , she be a bit frightening ... richard the Whore of Babylon ? warren right . ann tell I about she ... warren she represent Rome . the ten horn of the beast be ten king who have no kingdom yet , but who be go to have temporary power grant by the devil . his name be carve there , the spoiler , the Little horn , the desolate one ... ann why be she riding the beast ? cont. 'o 518 ° 16 16-a cont . warren I do not know . but it be not for long . accord to the Book of revelation , the ten king ' shall hate the whore and shall make she desolate and nakéd , and shall eat she flesh , and burn she with fire .! ann ( shudder ) not nice ... slide change . another shot of the whore but with a young woman stand to one side of the carving . richard who 's the girl ...? warren a journalist . she 's do a biography of bugenhagen , the archaeologist who work in the area year ago . richard I have hear of he ... warren as a matter of fact , she 's come to Chicago , she want to interview you , Richard . richard what for ? warren background on the exhibition , patron of archaeological dig ... richard ( uncomfortable ) I be not happy give interview , Charles -- warren yes , I know -- richard ~~ of any kind . tell she , warren I will . 518 17 int . aunt marion be room ~ thorn country house - 17 night she be sit up in the four-poster bed , read the bi3le , beginning to nod off . she catch herself , shake herself awake , sit more upright to read again , but she eye slowly close ... ext . the front of the house - night 18 Richard be lean in to Warren who have get behind the wnaeel of he car . richard I will be in tomorrow , but Ann 's stay on to close the house down . warren it 's be a good summer . richard about aunt marion ... warren already forget . Richard smile , slap the car door -- " good night , " and Warren drive away . Richard take a whiff of the cold night air , turn , and go into the house . door close . out 19 int . thorn bedroom - country house - 20 close on ann - night stand at the dress table , angrily brush she hair . ann promise I ! she turn , look o.s. ann Richard ~~ richard ( o.s . ) the woman 's eighty - four year old -- camera move with Ann to the bed where Richard , in pajamas , lie under the cover . his glass be on he forehead , there be a company report open and turn down on he chest . cont . 518 18 20 cont. ann I do not want she here -- ever again ! she 's evil , and she 's dangerous ! richard ( try to caim she ) she 's senile , yes , but dangerous -- ann she pollute the air with she -- she craziness . she upset I , and she frighten the boy -- richard ~ nonsense , they think she 's funny . ann no . they make fun of she , but they can not stand to be in the same room with she . especially damien ... richard ( put glass and report on bedside table ) just thank God she come but once a year ... like lent . ann it 's not funny . ( get into bed ) what do you say to she ? Richard -turn off the bedside lamp . they lie in darkness . richard I tell she to behave herself . ann that 's all ? richard well , I be a little firmer than that . ann ( a pause ) why do she hate damien so much ? richard do not know ... cont . 518 19 20 cont . 1 ann she upset you , too ... do not she ? richard ( a pause «+- she do not exactly make the evening a social triumph . ann ( relax somewhat ) maybe if she would get marry , she would not be such a old witch . richard ( smile ) : amazing what a good man can do ... she snuggle into he arm . ann but promise . richard I promise . no more aunt marion . angle outside aunt marton be room - night al camera hold a short moment then pull back on the faint spill of light from the window -- then the light be suddenly snap off . blackness . ' ext . davidson military academy - morning 22 military Band burst upon the screen . stick bounce from skin of the big bass drum and crack the side of the tenor . horn rasp in the early morning air . the full Academy be assemble on parade . Colonel and staff face the massed cadet . Band stop abruptly . the last note echo around the building , follow by a uncanny ' silence . MARK ( sotto voce ) that must be hin . the object of Mark and damien 's curiosity be a sergeant stand close to the Colonel . damien ( from side of mouth ) he look okay . MARK if you like gorilla . cont . 20 22 cont. other member of staff begin to shout order at each other until they finally end up with one of the sergeant , who face the cadet . sergeant ( shouting ) . Bradley platoon hold fast . other platoon ‘to the canteen . by the right flank ... March . Band recommence play and cadet march off the parade ground , Colonel and neff step towards Bradley platoon with Mark and damien at attention in the front row . as Colonel and neff reach the platoon -- colonel at ease , boy . this be sergeant Daniel neff . he 's take over as platoon Officer from sergeant goodrich . sergeant neff be a very experience soldier and I be sure before many week you will be the smartest platoon in the Academy . ( smile ) I will leave any further introduction to you , sergeant . neff salute and watch the Colonel waddle off . in the back row of the platoon stand a hulk of a boy -~- teddy , he have he eye on neff 's medal . teddy sergeant , what be you medal ...? neff bark at he . neff you will speak to I only when you be speak to and you will listen to every word I say because I intend to shine in my new job , and the only way I can shine be by make you shine . you be the little unit I have to polish until the glare of you achievement blind everybody on this parade ground . understood ? all the boy have pale . some swallow hard and nod they head in fearful comprehension . cont . ( @ 518 21 2e cont.1 neff : I will meet each of you personally in my office after breakfast . for now , let 's have you name . he move in front of Mark . MARK Mark thorn . nefp sergeant ! MARK Mark thorn , sergeant ! neff ( smile ) thorn ...yes . you family 's get strong connection with this place , have not it ? Mark do not answer , more out of apprehension than rudeness . neff well , have not it ? MARK my father and grandfather be cadet here . neff good . but understand that do not entitle you to privilege . we be all the same here ! MARK yes , sergeant ! teddy ( sotto voce ) I have hear that before . neff round on teddy , point a angry finger . neff but not from I ! neff move to damien . neff your ? cont . e 518 . : 22 22 cont.2 damien damien thorn ... sergeant . : neff ( quick look at Mark ) you do not look alike ? damien cousin , sergeant . neff all right . but the same go for you , no privilege ! and he step to the next boy . neff your ! int . thorn industries headquarters - day 22 - 8 Richard and bill atherton , the sixty - four-year - old President of thorn industry , walk across the highly ornate lobby towards the swing door . richard I be the first to admit Paul 's difficult to get along with , but it take we three year to find a man with he qualification ... atherton I be not question qualification , it 's -- richard -~- he manner . atherton ( shake he head ) I can even cope with he manner , I have meet and deal with every kind . no . I do not like what he 's propose . it stick in my craw , and I do not intend to hide my feeling . richard you be worried that it could make trouble for we with Congress and the justice Department ? cont . 518 23 ee-a cont . atherton he 's deal with highly emotive stuff ... . ext . thorn headquarters - day : 22 -b Richard and atherton cross the sidewalk to the wait car . Murray open the door . richard let 's hear he out . all I be ask be for you to couch you objection with a little more -- delicacy -- than usual . they climb into the car . Murray close door . int . limousine - day 22- C atherton I hope you do not see he as a possible successor when I retire . richard ( look away ) he 's the front runner , Bill . int . corridor - davidson military academy - 23 closeup - a old photograph of academy football team - day finger point at a cadet stand in front , hold up a. trophy . teddy o.s . that 's damien 's father , hold the cup ... camera pull back . cadet be wait outside neff 's office . the corridor be line with photograph of past cadet . teddy have a group around he . damien stand apart . teddy my old man play on that team , too . ( point again ) that 's he . ( turn to look at damien ) he be on the line , but Robert thorn be quarterback . JI guess you can buy anything . cont . 518 ak 23 cont. damien ( suddenly angry ) teddy -- teddy ( afraid , but go on ) do he ever get he ' quarter ! back -- ? damien be about to rush at he , when door open and Mark step out . he see damien , white - face with rage , take a first step towards the bully -- MARK damien -- you be next . damien ( ignore he , to teddy , savagely ) never talk about my father again ! teddy ( back off ) can not you take a joke ?! damien turn smartly and disappear inside the office . the door close and teddy swagger over to Mark , loom over he . teddy you cousin really think he 's somebody , do not he ? ( to other cadet ) my father say the thorns make they own hat because store do not sell they large enough for they big head ! he guffaw and the cadet laugh , afraid of he . Mark step right up to he -- MARK do you collect stamp , teddy ? teddy no . . MARK you be go to start ... now ! with that , he stamp heavily on teddy 's foot . the bigger boy stifles a yell and hop about on one leg . Mark shake he head sadly , then stamp on the other foot . now teddy do not know which leg to hop on . 518 25 int . neff.s office - day au damien stand in front of the small desk behind which neff sit lock at a file . he run he finger down it -- neff Mathematics ... good . Science ... very good . military history ... fair . ( look up at damien ) Fair . room for improvement . damien yes , sergeant . neff ( push away file ) physical training -- excellent . I hear you be quite a football player . damien shrug , not know what to say . neff be proud of you accomplishment ! pride 's all right , when there 's reason to be proud ! damien yes , sergeant . neff I will be watch the game this afternoon . ( sit back , stare at damien ) I be here to teach you . but I be also here to help you . any problem , come to I . do not be afraid . Day or night , any advice -- you understand I ? damien yes , sergeant . neff we be go to get to know each other . ( tap file ) I see you be a orphan ? cont . 518 26 24 cont. damien nod . neff well , that 's something we have in common . he rise , seemingly overcome with some deep emotion , turn to the window , wipe a bead of sweat from he forehead -- neff send Foster in . damien stare at neff 's back a moment . he feel strange , a@ little light -headed . he do not know why . he turn , go out . when neff hear the door close , still with he back to camera , he let out a deep breath , as though some giant hurdle have be overcome . int . corridor outside neff.s office - day 25 as damien emerge to see Mark and teddy swapping blow ! Mark , the smaller of the two , be game but badly mark on he face . damie ! teddy ! N his voice come out hard and cold and commanding , a tone we have not hear from he before . he stand erect , and strangely strong . teddy turn a grin face to he . damien catch that momentarily triumphant eye with he own . the other cadet fall silent . teddy 's smile be fade fast . he be catch in some frightening grip . he begin whimper , unable to tear he eye from damien 's . teddy ( volce slur ) no , damien ... but damien keep on look at he , he eye blaze , and soon there be a trickle of blood come from teddy 's nose , and he eye be close , as though he have be bludgeon , and he half - slump against a wall , barely hold on he foot . MARK damien ...? damien wrench he head to one side , pull he gaze from teddy , who begin weep , run away . all be stare . cont . ( @ et 25 cont . damien ( voice hollow ) Foster next ... he start walk , afraid of himself , not know what have happen . ext . davidson military academy - day 25 -a damien 'and Mark come out onto the play field . MARK what do you do to he ...? damien I do not know ... he shake he head in confusion , then grin and start run . Mark follow . MARK they have ask I to join the band . damien that 's great . once around the field -- give you a head start ! they run off into the distance . int . thorns 's country house ~ hallway / family 26 room - day maids and other domestic be shaking out voluminous white dust - cover and place they over furniture . it 's a sad , almost macabre sight -- a mixture of museum and mortuary ! Ann climb the marble stair . int . country house - upstair corridor ~ day 27 maids be collect dirty bed linen from bedroom . Ann round corner , a ( to maid ) be miss marion dress yet , jennie ? maid I do not think she 's awake yet , Mrs. thorn . I knock earlier , but she do not answer . ann thank you . she knock on door , wno answer . Ann enter quietly . 518 28 int . aunt marion be room - day 28 _ camera move with Ann as she cross to the bed -- ann ( try for friendliness ) aunt marion --? slowly Ann and camera approach the bed -- ~ ann you do not want to miss you flight -- and she stop , look down . camera zoom from ann to aunt marion 28 - a who lie under the sheet , eye open and stare , mouth agape , the bible open on she chest . two shot - ann and aunt marion 28 - 5 as Ann stand over the old woman , realize she be dead . but she must make sure ... she touch the old lady 's shoulder , shake she slightly ... no movement . gingerly , she reach up and close the stare eye . she shudder in slight revulsion , then pick up the Bible and place it face down on the bedside table -- and wheel around ! ann' p.o.v . - the crow 28 - '' on the windowsill ! it flutter its black strong wing again , and fly off . back to ann 29 she stand in momentary shock , then hurry over to the window and close it . int . thorn industries - agricultural research 30 build - day Long glass -side corridor run into infinity . on either side , vast open vat fill with liquid be visible . a electric buggy hum toward camera . panchali , the chief of agricultural research , be at the wheel . ' beside he sit Richard and behind be paul buher and Bill atherton . buher be just forty , good -look , intelligent , with the control passion of a zealot who know he must control he fire to make he point . . cont. 29 . 30 cont. ( buher ' e ( passionately ) Bill , you be wrong . my report point to the indisputable fact that thorn industry ! main interest be in energy and electronics . what I be maintain be that because of this bias we tend to ignore what 's go on here in this plant . and we ignore it at we own risk . we profitable future , aside from energy , lie also in famine ! atherton ( contain anger ) that statement be typical of you , Paul . it 's heartless and ... buher true ! not heartless , realistic . they continue in silence , hum past the massive control . console . operate technician swivel in he chair to watch they pass . Richard point at the vat . richard '' e {to panchali ) what be in that ? panchali Water treat with different fertilizer and pesticide . we pump it into the experimental crop bed . they continue in silence . buher never give up . buher ( to atherton ) one person die of starvation every 8.6 second . 7 every minute . 420 every hour . 10,000 every day . his voice recede as the buggy move further away . telephone on console ring . technician ( into receiver ) dryhurst. ( pause ) Mr. thorn ? .@ cont . 518 30 30 cont.1 technician ( cont . ) ( look at the recede buggy -- now a speck in the distance ) he just go by . ( pause ) ten second ago . ( pause ) how would I know ? he hang up and return to he book . int . greenhouse ~- day 31 box of green shoot as far as the eye can see . above they we see buher , panchali , atherton and Richard walk ancl talk : buher -+- the oil country do not hesitate to put they finger on we jugular vein , so , what 's so different about food ? ( smile ) if there 's a knife at you belly , you will keep you hand at you side . why then call my poicy unethical ? technician be white coat have approach . second technician you be want on the telephone , Mr. thorn . it 's urgent . Richard quickly follow he . richard ( into receiver ) yes. ( listen ) oh , no ! ( pause ) Jim 's look at she ? pause ) I will be right back . another angle 32 buher and atherton be still lock in battle . panchali . intervene . cont . 518 518 31 32 cont. panchali Bill 's point be that if we control the food people eat , it 's tantamount to make slave of they . buher ( quietly ) customer . atherton but you want we to buy up they land . buher that 's right , thorns already have the hardware and knowledge that 's easily adaptable to the purpose of highly sophisticated farming . this , together with the pesticide ana fertilizer we be produce ... atherton ( interrupt ) if we control they land , we make they tenant ! buher we make they belly full . panchali I have to agree with Paul . Richard join they . richard marion die in she sleep last night . a coronary . atherton I be sorry ! richard I must go . ( to buher ) can we have breakfast tomorrow ? at the office . buher certainly . richard ( to atherton ) I will speak to you later , Bill . cont. 32 32 cont.1 he head off at a-fast pace . buher have they move into the apartment yet ? atherton today . buhrer ( sadly ) Winter 's here again . ext , thorns ' country mansion - dusk 33 staff be load suitcase into station wagon . hearse wait in the driveway . int . mansion - dusk 34 every piece of furniture be now shroud in white dust sheet . shaft of winter sun cut across the spacious entrance hall and reception room . funeral director move slowly down the staircase carry marion 's stretcher . Murray put down the remain suitcase as they pass out the door . Richard and Ann follow the coffin out . Ann take he arm , whisper in he ear : . ann I love you . I hope we go together . Murray pick up the suitcase and leave , close the door . the house be silent , empty . ext . chicago - day ( early morning ) 35 camera be above the low cloud clamp over the city . only the top of the skyscraper be visible , give the place a unearthly quality . camera zoom across the dark roll vapor to thorn industry headquarters . int , director ' dine room - day 36 Richard and buher be have breakfast . both be spoon up grapefruit , and a butler be bring in softrboil egg . conversation be casual for a moment -- buher when will you open the exhibit ? richard it have a lot to do with when the last of the crate arrive from abroad ... but plan be for Easter . cont. 33 36 cont. the butler remove grapefruit , exit .. Richard and buhev crack open the egg in silence . then , quietly , but bus : ness - like -- richard I have make a decision concern you report -- buher ( sense rejection , quickly let I ease you mind about that -- richard I have come down on Bill atherton 's side . Richard look at he , and buher bend to he egg , talk calmly , as though it 's no pain to he to have be turn down . buher . yes , it might be premature for the company to embark on such a radical ~ program ; I would not want to risk defuse it before its time . all right ... let 's keep it on ice . richard good. buher ( quietly ) Richard , if you think I go too far ... if Bill 's antagonism towards I be go to continue -- maybe I should step down . leave the company ... richard forget it . ( friendly smile ) you time 'li come . ext . thorn industries headquarters ~- day 37 Richard and buher come out of the building , pull up they coat collar against the blustery day , they shake hand -- richard you will be come to Mark 's birthday party ? buher of course . Lake be freeze yet ? 518 cont. 518 34 37 cont. richard ( smile , clap buher 's arm ) bring you skate . he start away towards he car . Murray open door . buher wave , and head for he own car park nearby . angle on richard and murray 38 as Richard start to duck into he car -~- richard Morning , Murray , that 's a cold wind . murray yes , sir ! woman' voice ( o.8 . ) Mr. thorn ! thorn stop , look back . Murray look , too . camera pan and zoom to joan hart , in she thirty , bundle up against the cold , wear boot and glove , and carry a big leather bag over one shoulder . we have see she briefly before -- in Warren 's slide , stand near the wall - carve of the Whore of Babylon . she start forward to Richard 's car . : new angle as joan hart reach richard at the car 38 ~- a joan sorry to shout at you like that , I do not want to miss you ... richard ( politely ) that 's all right , what -- joan my name 's Joan hart . I think Charles Warren tell you about I . richard yes , he do . I ask he to -- joan it 's absolutely freezing , could not we possibly sit in you car while you tell I why you will not let I interview you ? cont. 35 38-a cont. richard ( have to smile ) get in . Joan duck into the car , Richard get in after she , and Murray close the door , then get into the front -~- int . back of limousine - day 39 Joan dive into she bag , bring out a handkerchief , give she nose a good blow -- joan I be a wreck on @ cold day ... * : richard miss hart -- joan I know . you hardly ever talk to reporter and ... richard I be on my way to the airport -- joan -- two minute . that 's all . richard I can not miss my plane , if you want to see I another time -~ joan I will come to the airport with you . where be you go ? Richard lean forward , open the window between himself and Murray -- richard let 's go «~ then he close the window , and sit back -~ richard ~~ Washington . joan ( smile ) advise the President on how to run the country ? cont . 518 518 36 39 cont. richard ( smile back ) no. dust the Secretary of State . now , what can I possibly tell you ? joan well -- . ( pull out pad and pencil from bag ) -- how much money have the dig cost you so far ...? ext . highway leading to o'hare - day bora the limousine speed along . int . the limousine - day : 4o joan ( scribbling in she pad ) ».- what do it cost you father to build you museum in -- oconsult a note ) ~- 1904 , be not it ? richard miss hart , you have ask I seven question so far , and every one of they have have to do with money -- joan ( big smile ) make the world go around , do not it ? richard that , and a few other thing . ( sigh ) I think it cost he around ten million . joan when he come to Chicago , do not he start work in the stockyard -- ? richard right ... joan and do not he make you and you brother Robert take cold bath and sleep rough , so you would know what it be like to be poor ? cont . 518 37 40 cont. Richard look at she and laugh -- richard never . ext . chicago ~ day 4 a '' car approach bridge over the Illinois River as red light begin to flash and strident bell warn the traffic to halt . a barricade be lower and the massive bridge begin to rise . int . the. limousine - day 42 : joan ( finish writin , something in pad do you ever meet the archaeologist Carl bugenhagen ? richard no. joan do you know he be also a exorcist ? richard ( turn to look at she ) itd hear ... joan his skeleton be find last week on you dig -- seven year after he disappearance . richard ( become cold ) another journalistic assumption . the skeleton have not yet be verify as bugenhagen . warning bell stop . Bridge drop . barricade rise and car move off . joan . you brother meet he , do you know that ? . richard «»- how do you know ? joan a photographer I use to work with go with he . he die there . cont . 38 42 cont. as Richard look at she : ' joan he be decapitate . richard ( lean forward , anger rise ) Murray , stop the car -- joan ( hurriedly , intense ) you brother go to see bugenhagen the week before he die . a few day later bugenhagen vanish himself -~ the car have stop , Richard lean across Joan and open she door -- , richard get out -- joan do you know why you brother go to see he -- richard do not make I throw you out , miss hart -- joan please , listen to I . I have be work on the story for year ! I think I have piece lt together -~ Murray have get out of the car , and be come around to Joan 's open door -- joan I do not believe before , I be never religious -- but now < = cont . 518 39 42 cont . 1 Murray reach in and take she arm . as he firmly pull she out of the car . joan youfre in grave danger ! richard do not ever come near I again ! do you understand ? J turn to Christ ! richard Murray i Murray slam the door shut , and prod Joan away . she shout -- joan only he can protect youl Murray run around to the driver 's seat , jump in . Joan rush up to the car , bang on the back window -- joan you have get to listen to I ! the car move rapidly away , leave she in the road , the fierce wind whipping at she . angle on joan - stand in the road 43 look after the fast disappear car . she sees a taxi -- start run towards it and shouting . ext . thorn museum - day ay this elegant neo-classical building sit close to the lake shore . shallow step run up to the line of tall column . notice board head " thorn museum of art " carry poster for a exhibition of Edward munch painting . each carry he most famous and frightening work -~ " the scream . " Joan hart pause to look at it , then hurry into the museum . 518 518 4o int , MAIN gallery - day as Joan enter and look up at the high ceiling . from above , even this tough lady suddenly seem small and vulnerable . she approach a attendant who point to a side staircase ... int . exhibition gallery ~ day 46 one of a series of room overlook the main gellery . from the second floor . Warren and Ann be lean against the stone balustrade . floor plan and photograph be laid out before they , warren they be get very near to uncover yigael 's wall so I be keep the far gallery in reserve just in case . ann who be yigael exactly ? warren a somewhat mysterious character --- a monk , a exorcist , repute to have live in the 13th century . the story go that Satan appear to he and , not unexpectedly , he go out of he mind , he also go into hide , obsessed with painting what he would see -- the anti-christ from birth to downfall . he be never see again .. , only he wall . ( look back at the plan ) and now , for you favorite piece -- the Whore of Babylon ! so that nobody can miss it , we be put it right here in the middle of room four , ann ( laugh ) I think you should lean she against one of the back door ! Joan approach they , Warren see she . warren ( surprised ) Joan ! when do you get in ? joan last night . cont . 518 Warren turn to Ann . warren Ann , this be Joan hart . ' ann yes ... I see she in the photograph «»-beside the Whore of Babylon ! they shake hand , ann Ann thorn , - joan I gather you husband have not a very high opinion of journalist ? ann he have this thing about they live off other ' misfortune . joan ( smile ) like jackal ? ann what a good comparison ? Warren be distinctly unsettle by this clash . warren Joan write mainly about archaeology . ann ( still suspicious ) do she ? al 46 cont . Warren 's pocket bleeper call he . relieved -- he switch it off and nervously move away . warren back in a moment . he go to a internal telephone . Ann and Joan face each other . joan you husband be a little unfair on the Press . they be very kind to he brother . cont . 4e 46 cont.1 ann ( sharply ) what do you mean ? . joan they report of he death be most circumspect . after all , the circumstance be a little unusual . ann ( calm under pressure ) be they ? I never know he brother , joan I be forget , you be Richard 's second wife . now let I get it straight , damien be he brother 's son , and Mark be he son by he first wife ? ann you should be write for the woman 's page . joan ( smile ) how perceptive of you . tell I about damien . what sort of boy be he ? be he enjoy the military Academy ? Warren arrive with the subtlety of a thunderclap . warren Ann , do not say another word -- Warren lead Joan roughly away . warren you have make a fool of I . Richard 's furious . joan you be in danger -- all of you -- | warren what 's get into you ? cont . 518 518 43 46 cont.2 joan I have see the yigael 's wall . warren I do not care what you have see ! joan ( persistent ) you must care . damien -~ . warren what about he ? Long pause . Joan be deeply disturb . joan I be not sure yet . she break away and run off . Warren watch she , then turn back to Ann . ann what be all that about ? warren no idea ... ext . davidson military academy - day 47 a hard football scrimmage be in progress . it 's a practice game . Mark and damien be on .oppose side . a few spectator occupy the stand and most of they be clap arm about they winter coat and stamp they foot in the cold . Joan hart join they . the game continue . Joan study the player closely but it 's difficult to tell they apart . the coach , neff , call for a break in play . Joan turn to a cadet next to she . joan be damien thorn play ? before he even have time to reply , a player turn to look at she , his eye bore into hers as he remove he helmet . it 's damien . cadet ( point ) that 's damien thorn ! cont . 518 ak 47 cont . Joan start in horror . she mumble and stumble from the stand . damien 's eye follow she . she begin to run towards she car . neff thorn ! damien 's eye never leave she until she reach the car . neff ( voice over ; sharply ) get you arse over here thorn . damien start and run to join the other player . Joan drive off . ext . illinois ~ late afternoon : 48 crop country , flat as far as the eye can see . a road straight as a knife cut it in two , small speck in the distance buzze toward the camera -- Joan 's car . sudden wintery wind moan and whip the few tree into movement . the confident sound of the car 's engine continue , then suddenly falter . the vehicle slow to a halt as the engine cut out altogether , wind drop as suddenly as it blow up , leave a eerie silence . car 's ignition be | turn but fail to bring any life to the engine . again and again the key be turn in frustration . int . car - late afternoon 4g Joan stop try to start the car . she 's very agitate . the fuel gauge show the tank to be half - full . she look up the road ~- not a sign of life . she look through the rear window . it 's equally bleak . near the car , however , she see a billboard advertising a restaurant " 3 mile " along the road , nervous , she switch on the car radio , punch up the different station in frustration . one catch she ear . a rabid preacher frightening the life out of he listener : preacher ( voice over ) «»- for he be oppress and he be afflict , yet he open not his mouth ; he be bring as a lamb to the slaughter ... she switch it off and sit , anxiously drum she finger on the steering wheel and murmure to herself : joan 's - who art in heaven . hallow be thy name , thy Kingdom come , thy will be do ... cont. oo ) 49 cont . further glance up and down the road . no car in sight . the billboard opposite again take she attention . she get out of the car and lean across to the backseat for she coat . there 's a abrupt flutter sound follow by strange seratch on metal . she jump back . there , by she face , a crow settles its enormous wing and eye she from the ear roof . Joan gasp and move instinctively away . the crow 's nasty little eye never leave she . she wave she coat ineffectually to frighten it away but the bird do not move , Joan kick the car door shut and move off , watch the crow as she pull on she coat . even with the gap widen - ing between she and the car , she look nervously back , the crow just sit there , twenty yard , thirty . forty . she take a final look -- the crow have go . disquiete , she look all around , the bird have disappear , and with it go she anxiety . she settles down to cover the three mile without again look back , camera follows she . ' there 's a awful screech and the crow descend from behind , it crash - land on she head and we see it lean forward , yellow beak open . Joan let out a pierce scream and flail at the bird with she arm , but the claw embed in she hair will not be dislodge and the crow continue to pivot and peck at she face . its beak be now saturate in blood . when the poor , dement woman finally turn , we see she eye be go from the bloody socket . ' the crow 's wing open wide and , like a avenge angel , it lift off into the sky . camera rise above the blind woman reeling about the tarmac and finally slip down the shoulder into a field . her scream and sob float up unheeded . a new and distant sound begin to intrude . the high - float camera swing to include more of the highway . we see a massive articulate lorry speed along , too fast . new angle on joan 50 her blood - spatter hand claw at she face as if try to replace she eye . suddenly , she stop sobbing and hear the approach lorry . she get to she foot and try vainly to find the highway , hold out she arm as if play " blindman 's buff . " camera above coldly watch as she bump into a tree beside the highway . she struggle up the embankment , claw and call out . she rush out from behind the tree as the lorry bear down . ' there be nothing the Driver can do . he try to brake . scream tire and a sicken thud herald the demise of Joan hart . her body bound into the air and lie still when it land on the roof of the slithering truck . the silence would de absolute but for the idling of the lorry 's engine and the caw of the crow , the big bird circle , then fly casually away . 518 518 46 ext . thorns ' winter home - big closeup - MARK 51 - dusk his hand cover he face . MARK can I look now ? ( voice over ) not yet . in the distance , we hear the time - honore s@ng commence . group '' voice over ) happy birthday to you , happy birthday to you ... damien now ? group voice over ) happy birthday , dear Mark ... ( voice over ) now . Mark drop he hand . there , out on the freeze lake before they be a toboggan laden with a large candle - light birthday cake , it 's be pull by Richard , atherton , Warren and panchali . other skate beside they carry kerosene torch . the flicker light and tinkling bell give this scene a almost fairy tale quality , as the happy party skim across the ice towards the lakeside house , Mark , damien and Ann be stand on the boathouse balcony . Mark turn to Ann , fill with emotion , and embrace she . MARK ( whisper } it 's fantastic . thanks ! ann happy birthday , darling ... she kiss he . buher come up the outside staircase to join they on the balcony . Ann turn to he -- ann feeling better , Paul ? buher much , thank you . cont . '' 518 47 51 cont . ann migraine can be hell . my sister suffer with they , buher ( slight smile ) the last few day have be something of a strain ... he lean against the rail , look down at the people below , find atherton amongst they . Ann put she arm around Mark as they move below , leave buher and damien alone . . buher how be they treat you at the Academy , damien ? damien okay , Mr. buher . buher and sergeant neff ? damien ( surprised ) De you know he ? buher I ask about hin . he see damien 's puzzle look , put a hand on he shoulder . buher just watch over you , damien ... damien turn back to the scene on the lake . after a short buher tell I , damien , do you know what I do for thorn industry ? . damien not really , sir . . buher you should , you should know all about the thorn business . after all , it will be yours one day . cont . 48 51 cont .1 damien and Mark 's ! buher and Mark 's , of course , ( pause ) why do not you come to the plant sometime soon ... damien could I bring some friend -~ ? buher by all mean . toboggan , birthday cake and party of reveller slither to @ halt beneath the balcony . Champagne be ready and serve as Richard look up at damien and Mark , he call for silence . richard you will be glad to hear I be not go to make a speech , Mark , loud cheer and laughter , richard but I just want to say one thing ... loud groan , follow by more laughter . richard nsmile dust kill the light please . Fairy light around the house and boathouse be switch off . torch , too . Mark and Ann have join Richard , leave buher and damien on the balcony , a rocket shoot into the air from somewhere on the lake , it explode into a myriad of burn , color star and herald a exotic firework display . approve sound escape from the crowd as it proceed . this scene be a almost magical montage of fire and explosion and damien 's radiant face and buhert hypnotic voice as he talk to the boy , buher a boy 's thirteenth birthday be consider by many as the start of puberty ... of manhodd . in many culture , there be initiation rite . the Jews , for example , have they bar mitzvah , in Hebrew that mean ' Son of the commandment ! or ' man of duty . ' 518 cont . 518 49 51 cont . 2 damien do it ? damien be more interested in the display than buher . buher you , too , will be initiate , damien , damien glance at he , they eye meet and be lock . buher speak softly to he ; buher the time be come when you !'11 put away ' childish thing ’... face up to who you be . a great moment , damien . you must be feel it ... damien ( disturb , but fascinate ) I think so . I feel ... I be not sure , but I feel something 's happen to I , go to happen . bueer suspicion of destiny , eh? we all have they . I be sure you father have , and Bill atherton ... and myself . < a deep , wordless knowledge that we time have come -- or be past . at that moment , atherton calis up , break . the spell . atherton ( friendly ) why do not you come and join we , Paul ? the pyrotechnic display fizzle away as fast as it arrive ... and blackness return to the lake . big closeup - birthday cake 51 - a accompany by party sound . top of cake be a delightful representation of winter scene -- freeze lake with colorful selection of victorian skater , lady in long skirt and muff , ete , the thirteen candle be still burn . Mark bend into shot to blow they out in one breath . cheer . ann ( voice over ) cut the cake , Mark . cont . 518 50 51-a cont . MARK come on , damien , damien bend into shot , he and Mark grasp the knife , damien remove @ male skater and the boy place the edge of the knife on the icing . . damien do not forget to make a wish . the knife rest on the icing momentarily , and then be plunge into the body of the cake , actual sound of a ice hockey match intrude and slowly take over that of the party . we 52 dissolve to : ext . winter tree , lake and river - day 53 a cold but bright sun invest the scene with silver glory , the river run into the lake be also freeze and snake giitter between the tree , crisp and hard under the blade of the skater . they be ali bundle up in scarve , sweater , warm clothing of every description . new angle - the river and the people 54 on the bank of the freeze river be a couple of dozen women , all pretty in snow clothes , and several men too old to play , or not inclined to play . there be a large , portable grill there , and Ann be prepare hot dog and steak and . hamburger . there be no servant here , it 's relaxed and informal . Warren , on skate , but not play , happily bumble along the river 's edge , tumble more than skate , angle on shadow of crow 55 circle over the ice . camera pan up as the large bird settles on a tree . angle on the game ~- to include the player 56 the two team be comprise of Richard thorn 's executive , include Richard himself , atherton , perhaps a little old , but tough and good , and happy ; panchali , quite incapable , but game ; buher , look expert and assure . atherton be on Mark 's side ; Richard on damien 's , do he best , but meinly follow he son 's lead , and delight in damien 's power and style . buher be on damien 's side as well . damien be the bright star of this game , flash here and there , whooping and challenging , wield he stick with style and power , and he be magnificent to watch . camera watch as damien score a goal ! applause and shout from spectator . 518 51 angle on warren and ann 57 as Warren skate clumsily over , stumble up onto the snow , approach Ann , ann Dog , burger , or steak -- ? warren hot dog to start , I be famish . Ann pop a hot dog into a bun , hand it to Warren who take a bite immediately , then start splash on ketchup and mustard . he look over at the match . ann I be sorry about you reporter friend . I see the story in the papers . warren yes , it be very sad ... she turn away , look out at the game . ext . lake - day 58 the puck go from Richard to damien , who speed away with it . camera move with damien at ful ] speed . atherton be charge forward to intercept he . close on damien' flashing skate 59 he stick maneuver the puck confidently , flashily . there be a slight giving of the ice under the skater 's weight ! angle on buher 60 look ahead , eye go wide , see the fault in the icel angle on atherton 61 charge for damien , skate with heavy stride . angle on crow . 62 ° silently watch . angle with damien 63 the ice start to break under he ! 518 . 52 another angle 64 as buher race up beside he , grab damien and hold he back} atherton , unable to stop he charge , rush onto the thin ice ! the ice break ! atherton stand on it , realize , eye go full open in fear . he can not move orf fast enough , full shot - skater and spectator 65 all freezing in thelr movement , beginning to cry out . angle on the ice - featuring richard 66 whe be racing forward as atherton start to sink . richard billl a series of loud , angry crack , and the ice break up , iso - late atherton on a tiny island . other skater be circle desperately around the periphery of the crack ice , yell and hold out hand and hockey stick uselessly . panchali ( scream ) sump ! jump ! close on ann 67 a hand over she mouth , stare o.s. at the terrible sight . angle on atherton 68 sinking , then be pitch into the freezing , rapidly flow water . angle on damien and buher 69 damien struggle to charge forward , do something ! buher forcefully hold he back . , close on atherton 70 go under . one of he hand come up , grasp for the rag edge of the hole , group shot 7h Men , include Richard , be on they belly , get as close as possible , hold out hand , shouting . 518 angle on atherton 72 he head just above the water , he hand be cut by the ice , he wrist be slice , blood flow out along the shimmer icy surface as he hand slip away , and the current pull he off downstream -- under the ice ! camera follows , looking down . grotesquely , atherton 's dark form be still visible as he whip along , claw and beat at the unyield sheet of ice ; faint pink stain mark he passage . angle on the other 73 galvanize into desperate , futile action , racing after the freezing , drown man , batter the freeze surface with rock , hockey stick , even with fist , raw and numb . angle to include damien and buher 7a who have now join the would - be rescuer . damien be wild , beat at the ice . Mark rush up to join he . buher 's now try to help , too . Richard be desperately kick at the ice , try to kick through . atherton' p.o.v . - under the ice in tee water 75 look up , be drag along . form can be make out above , scrabbling , claw form ; and cry , mute cry can be hear . angle on atherton 76 struggle , suffocating , bloody finger hopelessly try for a grip on the ice pass over he . his lung be burst , fill with icy water , angle looking down on atherton 77 as suddenly , the dark , bare trunk of a small tree loom up out of the ice near the riverbank up ahead , and miraculously , there be a small but definite open around it ! angle below the ice with atherton 78 come up into the open . group shot - the other skater 79 rush in a pack toward the tree and the open , damier . in the lead . they skid to a halt , watch as atherton 's body come to rest against the submerge portion of the tree , he hide - ously distort face push up through the ice , mouth open and violently gasp for air . cont . 518 54 79 cont . richard we be come ! he join damien and they reach forward and grab for the die man . but atherton 's face flash in the open only for a instant , and as damien and Richard lunge forward to grab he ~- the suffocating man be sweep down and away again , down - river . abruptly he dark form be suck toward the river bottom , and be go . richard spread out , everybody ! we have lose he . the skater form a long line and begin sweeping across the lake . int . boathouse - day 80 a speedboat rest on a hoist above the ice . park next to it be a snowmobile . Bright sunlight pour through the open door that face the freeze lake . Beyond we can see the search party move away . buher come skate into shot , stop at the door of the boathouse and look in . he react -- begin shouting : buher over herel camera move in close on buher as he wait while behind he , the member of the search party come skate over as fast . as they can . when they have reach he , camera move back slowly and during this -- buher he 's here ... Richard come up beside he , other just behind . camera pan down -- atherton 's dead body trap between two wooden support . Mark and damien skid to a halt as Richard close boathouse door . richard no , boy . buher look quickly at damien . they eye be engage mcmen - tarily -- until the door bang shut between they . we & 1 - 100 518 55 ext , thorn headquarters ~ day 100 - a ~ limousine pull up in front of entrance . doorman open door and salute buher as he enter . superimpose : one month later int . thorn headquarters - day 100 - 73 anxious young executive wait just inside swing door . he see buher approach and give they a push . ' they spin and buher be inside , buher Morning , Byron . his assistant fall in becide he , hold out a copy of fortune magazine . byron on the newsttand this morning . buher take @ cursory look . he 's feature on the cover : " Paul buher , New President of thorn industry . " byron ( disappointed at he reaction ) oh , you have see it already ... buher yes. byron ' I think it 's neat . they wait for the elevator . buher any news from panchali ? byron no , seem to have completely disappear ! Elevator door open and they enter . byron Richard want to see you right away . buher oh , be he in already ? byron great suntan , too . Doors close . 518 56 int . executive suite ~ day 100 - '' Elevator door open onto panele hallway and corridor . buher and byron come out and move silently along the line of office . buher find panchali . I want to talk to hin . he turn off into office . Byron continue walk . int . richard's office - closeup - richard ~ day 101 richard ( angry ) and what the hell be panchali do in India ? another angle 102 buher be sit in front of Richard 's aircraft carrier of a desk . buher I need a second opinion on some of we propose land purchase there . who better -- 7 richard ( startle ) be we buy already ? buher you agree I could activate the conclusion of my report in full . that be @ condition of my acceptance . richard that do not mean you can exclude I from the run of my own company . buher you be on holiday . richard I be always at the end of a phone . Bill would never have make that decision without inform I . cont , 518 57 102 cont. buher I be not Bill . . . richard I do not expect you to be . but I do expect you to observe the rule of company conduct ! Long silence . buher I will remember . why do you want panchali ? richard ( hold up report ) something 's wrong with he design of the p.84 unit . Walker 's get very agitate about it . I know he 's always doom and disaster but this time he 's get I go . buher leave it with I , Richard . ext . davidson military academy ~- day 103 some cadet be perform arm drill to the bark order of various sergeant . camera move toward a classroom window . teacher ( 0.8 . ) +.. the poor man be , of course , be delude . you have to understand that by now napoleon think he be invincible . int , damien be and mark military history CLASS - 104 day the teacher be work with chalk at the blackboard . the blackboard be already haif - fill with napoleon 's Russian campaign . teacher and this be where he make he big mistake , for when he attack , the Russians skillfully retreat into they own country . they lure he on and he reach Moscow to find it in ruin . cont . . 56 104 cont , during the above , camera have travel along the face or the cadet ; some keenly interested , some bored . teddy , the class bully , sit in a row with damien and Mark . Mark be busily draw something on a piece of paper , and damien sit stare out the window at the clean , invite day outside . Mark lean over , hand damien the paper . damien look down at it , can not control a laugh . then he bite he lip . the teacher be turn around , look over the class . teacher who laugh ? damien ( rise ) I do , sir . teacher come here ... with that piece of paper , damien move up to the teacher ; he hold out the paper . Mark be uneasy , feel guilty . teddy kick Mark under the desk and whisper : teddy Chicken . the other watch with that vague pleasure and fear that arise when any teacher and student come into conflict . ' the teacher take the paper , look at it , then crumple it up and toss it into the wastepaper bin . teacher so we have a artist in the class . what 's wrong , thorn , be I boring you ? you , of course , know all about napoleon 's campaign ? damien ( take a breath ) something about they , sir . the class tense ; what be he let himself in for ? teacher do you now ? how many man do he lose on the march to Moscow ? cont . 518 518 59 204 cont . 1 damien 450,000 sir . the Russians play at surrender until the winter set in and then he disastrous retreat begin . despite marshal ney 's heroic rearguard action , the Grand Army be cut down from 600,000 to less than 50,000 . he finish he speech and there 's a long silence . the class now the teacher be interested . teacher date ? damien 1812 , he be depose as Emperor in 1814 , teacher and then ? . damien after a brief exile in elba , he return to France and begin the so-call ' hundre ! day War until he be defeat at waterloo , teacher date ? damien 1815 . teacher let 's stick with date , thorn . the Emperor 's death ? damien 1821 . teacher Battle of the Nile ? damien 1789 . teacher trafalgar ? cont . 518 60 104 cont.2 damien 1805 . teacher thirty year War ? damien start or finish ? teacher start . damien 1618 . teacher the Black death ? camera be moving around the face of the class and intercut - ting with that of the teacher and damien as the battle continue , with the teacher rapidly question damien . the question and answer be rattle off at tremendous speed , and the teacher sweat now , and astound , be in a way fight for he life ! and damien , catch up in some whirlwind of knowledge he do not even know he possess , be burn bright and fierce , and he eye be aglow ; he be like one possess ! Mark be astonished , but frighten , as he brother go on and on , answer like a machine . it 's unlikely that the teacher , himself , could remember the answer . finally , even he be reach into territory where he be go to break down --- when suddenly damien falter , feel a strange , overwhe ming compulsion to turn and look at the door of the classroom , I + be close . as he stare , the teacher 's question slow , and damien stop answer -- then the classroom door open --- and neff step inl ! angle on damien , neff in the doorway and the 105 teacher neff step over to the perspire , disintegrate teacher , speak a few private word . the teacher nod . neff come with I , thorn . damien follow neff out . teacher ( to surprised class ) copy the blackboard ! and he , too , stride out of the room . door close . silence reign for a moment . then the class burst into chatter . 518 61 int , hallway - outside classroom - day 106 neff stand with damien as the teacher , drench and thirsty , head into the Men 's room . when the door have shut -- neff what be you try to do , damien ? damien stare at he , bewilder by what happen in the classroom . damien iwas just answer question , sergeant ! neff you be show off ! damien but I know all the answer ! somehow ~- I just know they alll neff you must not attract attention . damien I be not try to , I just feel this -- neff the day will come when everyone will know who you be , but that day be not yet ! damien ( bewilder ) who I be -- ? neff read you Bible , in the New Testament , there be the Book of revelation , for you , it be just that ...& Book of revelation ... for you ... about you , damien but -- neff read it . read , learn , understand , damien what be I suppose to understand ? {i cont , 518 62 106 cont. neff ( a pause , then cuietly ) who you be . close on a drum with stick rattling . 106 - a on its tight skin . o.s. accompany military music . the smartly -stepping feet of cadet 106 - 3 smack down on the cement of the parade ground . full shot - marching senior cadet and band 106 - '' as they move across the quadrangle . the sound of the march and the music stir the blood ! Mark be among the bugler , enjoy it all . camera swing up and away , and pan to find damien on a hill distant , where he sit read . camera zoom to he and we see that he face be ablaze . the martial music continue o.s . damien be frighten , excited , as he absorb the power sul word -- damien' voice ( o.s. ) ' and all the world wonder after the beast . and they worshipped the dragon which give power unto the beast . and they worshipped the beast , say , who be like unto the beast ? who be able to make war with he ?! he look up , eye flame ; he swallow hard . then he read again and we : CUT to : angle on the parade ground 106 - D the cadet march faster , the drum beat , the music shrill but stir ! damien' voice ( o.s . ) ' and I see the beast , and the king of the earth , and they army , gather together to make war against nim that sit on the horse , and against he army ...'! 518 63 angle on damien on the hill 106 - E as he get to he foot , stand tall , almost explode inside as -- damien' voice {o.s.} ' and through he policy also shall he cause craft to prosper in he hand , and he shall magnify himself in he heart , and by peace shall destroy many , he shall also stand up against the Prince of prince .! intercut : damien and the parade ground 106 - F his voice continue as the leg go out in unison and the music pound out -- . damien' voice {o.8 . ) ' and he causeth all , both small and great , rich and poor , free and bond , to receive a mark in they right hand , or in they forehead ; and that no man might buy or sell , save that he have the mark , or the name of the beast , or the number of he name . ' close on damien 106 - G read on , now with fear , as the terrible significance of what he be come to understand flood through he -- damien' voice ( o.86 ) ' and it be give unto he to make war with the saint , and to overcome they : and power be give he over all kindred and tongue , and nation ! ' damien slap the book shut , it 's like fiame in he hand , ee would like to throw it away , but instead he clutches it to he chest , and hurry away down the hill . int , bathroom off damien and mark room - 106-h davidson military academy - day his nand tremble , damien stand in front of the mirror above the sink , try to position a magnify mirror attachment on expandable base , so that he can look into the mirror in front of he and see the reflection of the tor of he head in the magnify one . finally , he shaking finger get he hair apart and he see , barely visible in he skull ~~ 666 ! he let out a gasp . cont . 518 6l 106-h cont , he look again , he be horrify , it 's all true , he do not want to believe it , he be after all , only a young boy , and the shock of the revelation be so great that he raw terror bring tear the he eye . he want to flee himself , flee the world ! ext . davidson military academy ~ day 106 - 1 camera speed with damien run across the Academy grounds . Mark see nim , call out -- MARK damien ! but damien rush on -- MARK where be you go ? ext , road some distance from academy - day 106 - 7 damien run for all he 's worth , as though he could outrace himself , he knowledge of what he be . there be tear in he eye , he heart beat as though it will burst he breast . we watch until he have exhaust himself , ani sink down beside a tree . he heave with tiredness and interior exhaustion . camera move discreetly away , leave he alone with he moment . of awful realizaticn . long shot - the academy - night 106 - k tap sound . int . MARK and damien be room - night 106 - L Mark lie with a small lamp on , anxicusly wait for damien -- who enter quickly , close the door , stand and look at he brother , MARK where have you be ? everybody 's be look for you -- damien say nothing , cross , lie down on he bed , stare at the ceiling , . MARK damien , be you all right ? damien ( slowly ) I be okay now . go to sleep , Mark turn out the light -- complete darkness and silence . 65 ° ext , meig airport - night 107 thorn industry ! jet be park on the tarmac . panchali , carry briefcase , hurry across to the terminal . int , meig terminal - night 108 panchali go to a public phone and pick up the receiver . int , thorn penthouse - kitchen - night 109 telephone be ringing . butler , jacket off , pick it up . butler : the thorn residence , ( listen ) no , Mr. panchali , they be at the Charity Ball . int . ballroom - night 110 Richard and Ann circle to a waltz , a brief romantic interlude , Music cut in and out sharply . : int , meig terminal - night 2121 panchali be still in telephone booth , his finger nervously rap the plastic shield , then pick up the receiver again . int , buher' apartment - night 112 High above Chicago , buher sit alone , read , the precise music of j,s . bach be interrupt by the telephone . buher ( pick up receiver ) yes. ( listen ) pather , where the hell be you ? ( listen ) you would better come right over , int , ballroom - night 123 Richard and Ann continue to circle -~ eye lock . richard ( whisper into she ear ) Charity begin at home ! ann ( smile } what a good idea , cont , 518 65 113 cont , they file off the floor arm - in - arm and leave the room as the waltz end , Band begin to play '' auld lang syne . " int . buher' apartment ~ night 114 the sit room , buher and panchali have drink in hend : panchali be in the middle of a speech , excited and worried . panchali »eeand when I telephone he +he next day -- they tell I he be dead . murdered , buher what ? panchalt strangle , buher now wait a minute , you be try to tell I that because he would not sell to we -- he be kill ? and that he be kill by one of we people ? panchalt I be almost sure of it , buher impossible , panchali I have be in eight province check out land and in three of they -- buher Three ? panchali Three killing . he drink heavily from he glass . a bit , seemingly deeply concerned , panchali , buher who ? panchali no idea . 518 buher rise , walk about he stop , look at cont , 518 67 114 cont. silence . buher I will look into it , panchali shall we tell Richard ? buher we have to} I will call he first thing tomorrow , incidentally , he want to see you . panchali what for ? buher the p.84 be play up . there 's a report on you desk , it 's urgent you check it out in the morning . I do not want to shut it down , panchalt I will attend to it , silence . buher ( thoughtful ) I hope we have not get some over ~ enthusiastic man in the field , int , ballroom ~- night 415 night watchman look around the desert room , streamer crisscross the floor and stage . " save the Children Fund " banner hang at both end . light go out . Watchmen close door , blackness , ext , thorn industries - morning 116 enormous complex of industrial building , Bus from davidson 's military Academy pull away from the gate anc . pick its way through the plant , int , bus - morning 117 Mark , damien , teddy and other cadet stare in wonderment out of the window , teddy do this tour include lunch in the director ' dining room ? cont . 518 . 117 vons. damien of course} MARK we be go to try a new pesticide on youl =nt , pesticide room ~ day 118 vast , awesome ~- a acre of many vividly color pipe , anc valve , panchali stand by a large console , watch the dial and punch number on the talephone . panchali have to shout against the noise of the plant . panchali ( to he assistant on a gantry above ) give it anouther hundred pound , jin , telephone be answer , panchali . be Mr. thorn in yet ? it 's panchali , ( listen ) he still have not call ? olisten ) I know , I know , it 's ' save the Children ' week , I have get to talk to he ! hhang up and shout again to he assistant ) another fifty , Jim , int , charity bazaar - day 118 - a " save the Children Fund " banner hang across the room , numerous stall have be set up . we see Ann and Richard move happily among the crowd , they stop at one stall where Warren be busy autograph he new work on archaeology : " god and grave . " ann you must have writer ' cramp by now ? warren this be harder than do the thing in the first place , 69 118-a cont . richard how long have you be at 1 % ? warren four hour ! richard my God ... ] warren ( mutter ) you know what 's drive I mad ? richard what ? warren the first crate have come . from Israel ... I be die to they . ann it 's all for a good cause , int , research laboratory ~ close on fill with fish in which a strange in get at a tank - day 119 machine be work . guide's voice {o.s8 . ) tt 's a sad fact that in a world which need food so badly , be 30,000 species of fish the ocean , and only a few hundred be use for food , another angle cadet and guide be stand above guide there in 120 the tank , people simply will not eat most of they ... cadet ( first ) teddy would ! 518 cont , 518 70 120 cont. snigger all round , guide ( smile ) oe , and for a number of ridiculous reason , cadet ( second ) maybe they do not taste too good . guide ( smile wearily essthat 's what they think but they could get use to they . right now we be work on a electronic rake device which let larvae , young fish and unwanted return to the sea . the signal from the machine attract only the fish require , so we would no longer he ' hunt , ' we would be make we food come to we . int , boardroom - day 121 buher be address a group of young executive . buher soewe have to guard against the indigenous population ever think we be in the business of exploitation . we be not ! emphasize that . we be there to help ! he see he Secretary enter at the far end of the room , she move to he and speak quietly . jane Mr , panchali be work on the p.84 , you ask I to let you know when he get there , buher thank you . he follow she out of the room , buher gentiomen , take a haif - hour break , the door close . 518 int . pesticide plant - basement corridor - day 122 cadet and guide crowd into lift . guide to make crop grow faster and fatter , you need more powerful improve fertilizer , pesticide as well , lift door close . int , pesticide room ~ day 123 lift door open , cadet and guide file out . guide ( shouting ) this complex operation be run entirely by three man at the control of a computer . that 's why you see no one here , teddy be not there a pesticide that work on sex ? guide that 's right , sex attractant -- pheremone -- be extract from one sex , put in a trap to lure insect of the opposite sex and kill they . cadet and guide move onto gantry high above the maze of pipe see earlier . the noise be deafen . guide ( shouting ) this be a shunting device , computerize , programmed to deliver precise mix of gass and solution from storage vat into the main plant . another angle 1ek panchali and assistant work with a complicated pressure gauge on a pipe connection . panchali look up and see the cadet above he , panchali ( shouting ) damien ! Mark ! cont . '' 18 Te 124 cont . they look and see he , smile twenty foot below . panchali ( shouting ) what be you do here ? the boy shout back but they voice be lose in the dir . at that moment , the pipe connection blow and noxious gas come spew out under enormous pressure . panchali 's Assistant be knock sideways and slip , blooded and unconscious to the floor . purple blister rapidly form on he face . cadet begin to scream and panic as another connection blow . panchali rush to the console . he bang the button which should set huge extractor machine inte operation , he look up at the grill set into the ceiling . no gas il be draw to they ! he move to another panel cover with button , switch -- push and pull , shout into a microphone : pancrali emergency } emergency ! he rapidly tap out the series of number on he black box to open the massive metal door , angle on the door 125 remain shut ! angle on the boy including damien , MARK , teddy 126 and other rush here and there , frantic , already gasp ; eye stream , some with minor blister on face and hand . guide leave they . he slide down ladder to join panchali , now struggle vainly to rejoin the pipe . angle on damien 127 climb ladder to a roof hatch . Gas swirl about he but he seem remarkably unaffected . he push it open then scream to the other cadet . damien Mark ! everybody ... here , choke cadet clamber along the gantry , up the ledder and out . ext . roof - day 123 cadet pour out onto the roof and collapse gasp . damien wait for the last one , then take several deep breath and return inside . 518 73 int . pesticide room - day 129 damien , hand over mouth , make he way through the gas and slide down the ladder towards the burst connection . guide and panchali lie at the bottom . he turn panchali over , the researcher 's face be one purple blister and no way could he mist up a mirror . damien look up at the large fan in the roof . slowly , they begin to revolve . they zo faster , faster , faster ... dissolve to : ext . hospital - angle on rooftop helipad - day 130 High above Chicago , a thorn helicopter circle and land on top of the hospital . door fly open , Richard and Ann run out to the wait party of doctor . int . ward - day 431 a small , four-be room . Mark , pale and quite ill , be in one bed ; damien in another , Ann sit between they . MARK damien be great -- absolutely great , ann sometimes mother prefer they son not to be heroes . why do you go back in , for God 's sake ? damien Mr. panchali need help . int . hospital corridor - day 132 Richard be on the telephone . he 's pale and angry . richard ( into receiver ) I do not even know panchali be back . he be not due for another two week , intercut : int . HOTEL lobby - day 132-4 Warren be on the telephone . we hear sound of Charity auctic in progress , warren «thank God the boy be all right . cont . th 132-a cont , warren ( cont . ) ( listen ) no. no . J will not say anything here . I be go over to the museum as soon as it 's over . Richard hang up and move past the other room occupy by cadet , stop to have a word with Parents . int . ward - day 133 Ann be still talk to the boy . ann ... who would ever believe we be at a ' save the children™ Charity auction | MARK that 's what we English teacher would call -- ' tirony , ' ann ( smile ) quite right . the worst part be come here , think -- damien and all the time we be okay } Richard hurry across the room , he anger still riding he - richard I be sorry , I have just be talk to Charles . Richard step up to he , put a hand on damien 's face , richard you all right ? damien I think so ... Richard turn to Mark . he stroke the boy 's hair . richard ( to Ann ) have you speak to the doctor ? ann ( wearily ) you know how hard it be to get anything out of a doctor ! 518 cont. 75 133 cont. a doctor enter seemingly calm in the midst of it all . dr . kane they be go to be all right . we have test every boy for lung damage ; not a sign of it . they ! 11 be nauseous for a while but there 's no permanent -- richard I want they to have the best eare possible . dr . kane they will have . May I see you in private for a moment ? he move away . Richard go after he , out of the ward . int . hospital corridor - outside ward - day 134 Dr. kane face Richard . dr . kane we have make every possible test for tissue damage , blood damage ; every boy be affect to some degree , but as I say , not seriously . that be , every boy but you son , damien . richard ( very worried ) you mean he -~ dr . kane no , no . ( slight pause } he be not affect at all . at Richard 's surprised look : int . the ward - three shot - ann , MARK and damten 135 Ann be look through the glass partition behind which we can see Richard and the Doctor in intense conversation . damien what do you think't go on ? ann nothing . doctor love secret , cont. 518 518 76 135 tont . buher come in from another door , hurriedly cross to Ann and she son , ann ( with a little asperity ) glad you could make it , Paul . buher I be sorry ! I can not tell you what 's be go on at the plant . ( turn to the boy ) how be you ? angle on glass partition 136 as Richard step away from the Doctor , come into the ward . he look concerned . camera move with he to Ann and otner . he see buher . richard that plant should have . be close down , buher Richard , I know nothing about a defective -- Richard turn away . richard ( to Ann the Doctor want damien to stay here a couple of day . he would like to do some more test . buher look quickly at damien . damien catch he lock -- damien I be okay ! why do I have to stay if -- ann why do he want to do more test ? damien I do not want to stay here , MARK I neitheri ann we will bring he back next week . cont . 518 tt 136 cont . richard ( to Doctor ) be that all right ? doctor ( shrug ) Fine . _ ann ( to boy you rest . we will collect you later and go up to ' lakeside , ! the air will do you good , ext , helicopter pad - day 137 helicopter lift off . int . helicopter - day 138 Ann and Richard sit silently behind the pilot until they be safely in the air , swirl around Chicago . ann I still do not understand . what kind of test do he want to do ? damien be not even affect by ... richard that 's the point . he be not affect -- at all , ann we should be glad ! richard why all the other boy , and not damien ? ann well , why ? what do the Doctor say ? richard the tissue test he make show that damien have a different chromosome structure --=- ann different ? how ? what do it mean ? richard I do not know ! nor do the Doctor ! yet . cont . 518 78 138 cont . ann nobody 's do test until we know what they be , she turn away end look down at the steel work below . ( angrily ) damien 's the same as any other boy ! a high stack belching thick , roll smoke pass immediately beneath they . ext . hospital - dusk 139 damien and Mark come through the swing door . Murray ani the car wait for they . int , cadillac - dusk 140 car move off into Chicago . it 's early evening -- wet and cold . everybody be rush to get home . MARK be I glad to get out of there . damien I , too . now I know what it feel like to be a frog . big closeup - slide of blood sample see through qa1 microscope int , hospital laboratory - dusk he Dr. kane be look into a microscope , he have a book open beside he with photograph of other cell tissue . Dr. kane be shake as he find a similar specimen , he reach of : & phone , giais two digit . we hear a filter voice . dr , kane Ben , I need to see you , urgently . can I come down ? ee hang up , take the slide and the book of chromosome comparison , and start out . int , hallway with elevator - dusk 143 a Dr , kane step up to a elevator , press a button . he 2. excited , but also very disturb , shaking he head with disbelief . Elevator come into view . 518 79 int . elevator - dusk ae tt 's very modern , chrome and glass on four side . Dr. kane step inside . the indicator show that we be on the twenty - fourth floor . he push button for floor 16 . the door shut but the elevator do not move , Dr. kane press 16 again . door open . then close . % seem to have a mind of its own ! Elevator go up , then stop and begin to descend , various shot of dr . kane and flashing indicator 145 as the elevator begin to descend . 23 -- 22 -- 21 and then the number start gather momentum , and while he watch , suddenly amaze -- the elevator be now beginning to shake violently and through the glass we see floor flash ty and the occasional night nurse 's horrify face . dr . kane my God ... he start thumbing the emergency button . nothing happen . angle shoot down from top of shaft 146 watch the roof of the elevator speed down along the steel cable , swinging wildly from side to side . back to dr . kane in elevator 147 as he brace himself in the corner . floor and number continue to flash by -~ 10 -- 9 -- 8 -- 7 . he keep frantically press the emergency button . the vehicle come to a sudden halt . Dr. kane be throw to the floor . angle shoot down shaft 148 as the jerk of the elevator halting snap a thick cable which begin to lash like a giant , lethal whip down the shaft . back to dr . kane in elevator 1g as he roll over and groan with relief . everything be silent after the violent buffete , almost peaceful . ther a new terrifying noise grow louder and louder . it 's the cable scream down the shaft . the roof of the elevator be suddenly rent in half with the precision of a surgeon 's knife . the cable lash through everything -- include the late Dr. kane . we 150 - 152 ext , thorn museum ~ dusk 153 it 's close for the Gay . camera travel with Warren through the massive door and past the few remaining visitors . he greet some of the attendant he know , Inside , electric bell be warning people that the place be about to the shut . Warren enter door mark " private " and close it . 518 bo int , private room - dusk 154 the room be fill with crate , large and small , open and close , there also be special AIR conditioner in strazegic spot , and special light , and chemicals in bottle , and brushes and palette knife , etc . Warren take out bugenhagen 's leather workbox and carefully place it on worktable , he begin to undo the leather strap . he will :7k carefully , pull free one strap after another ; finally take the top off the BOX , carefully set it down on the table . he look into the BOX , sniff . gingerly reach in . he yirst pull out some tightly - wrapped parchment scroll . he reach in again . out come a crucifix with a little figure of the agonize Christ . Warren lay it on the table . he reach in once more , and pull out a modern manila folder ! he be curious ! he put it down , not yet ready to read ius content , his hand go into the BOX yet another time , and he bring out something heavy , wrap in cloth , something which chink ! he begin unwrap this , revealed : seven tron dagger . Warren examine they , he puzzlement grow: . he put they down . pick up the envelope , he strip be open , take out a fairly thick wad of write paper . he look at the top sheet . int . museum - dusk 155 the main gallery be almost desert , bell stop abruptly . the heavy door be close with a bang and the echo of the last attendant 's footstep die away . absolute silence . int . private room - dusk 156 Warren feel a chill enter he . he swallow , put down vhe papers for a moment , and know that the content of the box will not be harme by warmer air in the room , turn up the temperature , '' int . basement - dusk 157 the huge old o11 heater bump with a awful noise as it adjust the heat . int , private room - dusk 158 Warren finish bugenhagen 's letter and replace it in the envelope , his eye widen and true fear have enter he soul , hurriedly , he grab the dagger , put they in a desk drawer and lock it , he switch out the light and leave . his footstep echo loudly as he run across the main gallery to a side door . then silence , as in a tomb . ext . thorns ' winter home - night 159 several room be light . camera move toward one , eventually peer into the family room . at one end , a cowboy movie be be project onto @ large screen , 518 81 a int . family room ~ night 160 > Ann have she arm around damien as they watch from a comfortable sofa . Richard sit in a armchair , the picture on the screen suddenly go out of rack . damien ( delightedly ) projection ! he look up at the small aperture high in the wall behini then . MARK ( voice over ) Drop dead ! int . projection booth - night 161 the film rattles through the projector , make a awful din . Mark watch the screen as he adjust the rack , ext , highway - night 162 snow be pile high at the side . the tree lining the highway tremble in the cold wind , at high speed , hunch over the wheel of the volkswagen , Warren be drive toward the thorn house . the expression on he face mirror the fright in he heart , int . family room - night 163 on the screen we see the hero ride off into the sunset . Ann , damien and Richard continue to watch until " the end " come zoom out , damien switch on the light , ann my godi a happy end for @ change . damien bore ! ann you be too young to be so cynical . ( get up ) who want a corn beef sandwich ? richard ( raise hand ) one . damien two . ann ( leave room ) I know Mark will . 518 82 int . projection bocth ~ night '' 164 Mark be unlace the film and put it on the rewind bench . ext , thorns ' winter house - night 165 Warren brake he car , jump out , and hurry up to the front door , now he check himself in he rush . he look around at the tree stir in the wind . he turn again to th ? door , take a deep breath , int , family room - night 166 damien be wind up the screen and Richard relax by the fire with a book , the doorbell sound . damien itll go . he cross to the front door and open it . Warren be there . damien be p,o.v , - warren 167 reacting to the sight of damien o.s. , shocked , try to smile . . warren hello , damien , warren' p.o.v . ~ damien 168 look up at Warren o.s , , sense something , tensing . damien hello , Dr. Warren , two shot ~ damien and warren 169 stand stock still , regard each other . Warren 's voice be a little low , but control . warren would you tell you father I would like to see he , please , damien ( reluctantly ) he 's in the de . warren tell he I be here , please . damien ( hesitates , then ) come in , cont . 518 83 169 cont . Warren step into the hallway . damien shut the door , tren move ahead of Warren , head for the family room . damien do he know you be -- warren he 's not expect I . damien be it about the exhibit ? warren yes , damien walk into the family room . damien it 's Dr , Warren . int , family room - night 170 Richard rise , pleased , richard Charles ! Warren appear behind damien , who reluctantly step aside . richard tell you mother to make another sandwich for Dr , Warren , damien look at Warren once more , then leave , shutting the door , int , sitting room - night 172 damien stand outside the de door , his face be cold , furious . he wait a moment , then turn , hurry away to the kitchen , int , projection booth - night 172 Mark be busy rewind the last reel , he slow the whirling spool the a standstill . silence . int . family room - night 173 Warren be sit , watch Richard with some apprehension . Richard be pour two brandy , warren ( find he voice ) Richard , I have to ask you something very personal , cont . 518 . 84 / 173 cont , Richard be mildly puzzle , step over to Warren with a brandy hold out , Warren reach for it . richard we be friend ... warren " ( this be not easy ) can you tell I what actually happen to you brother in London ? richard ( become cold ) why do you ask ? warren I have just open a leather box send over from Israel . it belong to bugenhagen . they find it near he body . richard so ? Warren take a deep breath , then plunge on . warren do you know it be bugenhagen who give you brother the dagger to kill damien ? ; richard what the hell be you talk about ? int , projection booth - night 174 Mark move to the projection aperture , listen , horrify , to the conversation below . warren ( voice over ) Seven year ago he write you a letter . int . family room - night 175 Richard be stand over Warren who bravely look up at he . richard I ? what letter ? cont . 518 85 175 cont , warren he never send it , it be still in the box -- richard you have read it ? * warren ( rise ) Richard , you know I as a rational man . but what I be go to tell you will not sound rational -- richard just tell I ! ' warren bugenhagen claim that damien -- be the Devil 's son , the Beast , Richard stare at he , incredulous , angle with MARK in the projection booth 176 listen , eye wide . warren ( voice over ) he be not human , he be bear of a jackal . I know it sound nonsense ! Mark be astonished and frighten ! back to richard and warren 177 Richard do not know whether to laugh or strike the man . richard and you be bother to tell I this ? Warren put down he drink , face Richard directly . warren you brother find out . he go to bugenhagen , who tell he how to kill the boy . Richard bang he own drink down on a table . turn a icy face to Warren , cont . 518 86 177 cont . richard my brother be ill . mentally iil . his wife 's death -- warren be cause by damien ! and all the other 's death , five inexplicable death , ( hastily ) accord to bugenhagen -~- richard who be obviously insanel warren I know it all sound mad ... ' richard but you believe itl he npull the letter out of he jacket and toss it onto the table . warren read it yourself , richard no. warren if bugenhagen be right , you be all in danger . Mark , you , Ann ~- all of we , remember what happen to Joan hart ~~ she know -- richard ( stubbornly ) I have no intention of read the raving of a senile old man , warren Richard , I know bugenhagen . he be not a senile , rave fool , have not you have any suspicion ? have not anything strange -- richard not warren nothing the bey have do or say ? nothing that 's happen -- ? cont . 87 177 cont . ] richard I want you to go , Charles --~ warren there have be death amongst we , too -- richard go} warren the sign be too clear ! the coincidence too strong to be ignore , we have to follow it to the end , richard what end ? Long pause . warren yigael 's Wall . bugenhagen say in nis letter that this be the final thing that convinced he , it arrive in New York any day now . richard you have be grub in the past too long ! I be have no part of you religious insanity ! you go look at it ! warren twillt he stalk out of the room , slamm the door . Richard si.t down stunne , above he , Mark 's hand appear and quietly close the door of projection aperture , ext , thorns 's winter home ~- dawn 178 a brilliant morning . everything look crisp and clear . Wild duck fly low over the lake . int , master bedroom - dawn 179 Ann lite asleep , but alone in the double bed . int , damien be room - dawn 180 damien , too , sleep peacefully . 518 518 88 int , mark bedroom - dawn 181 Mark , look tired and frighten , be dress , beside he bed , open at the Book of revelation , lie a New Testament . int , richard be den - dawn 182 Richard sit at he desk . he , too , look tired and draw , thoughtfully , he fold bugenhagen 's letter and put it in a drawer , lock it . he slowly rise and leave . int , master bedroom - dawn 183 Richard enter , discard he dress gown and slip into ved . Ann groan and turn . he take she in he arm , bury he face in she hair , and try to bury the thought in he heart . ext , lakeside ~- day 184 Mark , now dress in winter coat and scarf , come out and wander thoughtfully off into the wood , int , den ~ close shot - ann - day 185 eye wide , expression a mixture of horror , disbelief , anger ... ann you can not believe it ! damien ? another angle 186 Ann throw bugenhagen 's letter down on the desk and staniis . richard I do not say I believe it ! I be tell you what he say to mee ann but you be think of go to New York ! do not that mean -- richard no ! it 's disgusting nonsense , and of course I do not believe it ! but Robert be shot in a church try to stab damien , andee . she grab Richard 's hand , force he to look up at she . ann he 's get to you , have not he ? he 's plant he craziness in you ! well , I be not go to let you be poison by it . you be not go anywhere . you be go to forget you ever speak to ... cont . 518 89 186 cont . richard Ann == ann no . it 's over . you hear a stupid , filthy story , it 's end ! ( suddenly in tear ) stop it , Richard . stop it ! she weep into she hand , she shoulder heaving . Richard get up and embrace she , richard do not , of course you be right . Ann , Ann , Ann ... ann God , please ... richard all right ! I will not go . ann ( struggle to control she tear ) and youtre not to -- to treat damien any differently . you be not to look at he , or talk to he , in any way diff -~- richard I will not ~- ann give I you word ! richard you have get it ! qutside , he see damien pass the window , walk in the direction of the wood , she relax against he , she face shiny with tear , she eye close , a moment , then a tiny sense of alarm -~ Richard release she . quietly -- richard come on . we could use some air . he start out of the room . Ann follow , blow she nose noisily . Richard look back , smile , she take he arm , snuggle against it as they walk out , seemingly as serene as they always have be together . 518 go ext , the wood distant from the thorn house - day 187 Mark sit at the foot of a tree . his knee be up , he arm around they , he look pale , worried , he be deeply : frighten , and this fear be in he eye like a live taing . ext , another section of the wood ~ day 188 damien be hurry along , he foot crack the hard snow apart , damien ( call ) Mark ! angle on MARK . 189 hearing the distant shout . damien ( voice over ) mark} Mark get quickly to he foot , move deeper into the wood , intercut : damien and MARK / 190 as Mark flee , damien pursue , follow he footstep in the snow , ext , a third section of the forest - day 191 Ann and Richard , walk , but Richard be walk with purpose , and Ann keep up just behind he . intercut : damien and MARK 192 Mark panting as he run , damien catch up . Mark stand pehind a tree . angle on MARK behind the tree 193 with damien coming into shot , damien walk a few pace , then stop , damien ( very quietly ) I know you be there , MARK leave I alone . cont . 518 ol , 193 cont . damien do a wide circle around the tree , come to stand about six foot in front of he brother , damien why be you run away from I ? a long pause , Mark pluck up courage , look directly at damien , MARK ( hushed ) I know who you be , damien ( smile ) you do ? MARK Dr , Warren know . I hear he talk to dad . damien what do he say ? MARK he say . , . the Devil could create he image on earth , damien the Devil ? what else do he say ? Mark look away . damien ( very quietly ) say it , Mark . MARK ( swallow hard ) he say youtre the beast , damien come on| what be you talk about ? MARK ( shiver , but geme ) I see what you do to teddy , I see what happen to atherton and panchali . you father try to kill you . they say he be crazy , but it be because he know ! 92 ext , wood - day 194 Ann and Richard walk . back to damien and MARK 195 damien be upset now ; worried and upset , feel mix emotion of love for he brother , fear of the discovery . damien I love you , Mark . you be my brother -- MARK no -- damien you be my brother and you mean more to I than -- MARK ( shouting ) the beast have no brother . do not call I you -- damien run forward , grab Mark by the shoulder ! damien ( high , hard ) listen to I } MARK admit it ! you kill you mother ! damien she be not my mother ! TI be adopt ! I never have a == MARK a jackal , .. you be bear of a jackal ! damien ( in he full power ) yes ! bear in the image of the great power in the world ! ' the naill the desolate one ! desolate because he greatness be take from he and he be cast down ! but he have rise in mee he be look through my eye and wear my body ! Mark start look desperately around . he be beyond feer , listless , like someone bludgeon , incapable of movement , jelly . cont . 518 518 suddenly away and 93 195 cont. damien come with I . I can take you with I . MARK ( shaking he head slowly ) no. damien do not make I beg youl MARK no. Mark snap out of he deathlike lethargy , push run off . damien Mark -- MARK get away from I ! damien Mark -- look at I . Mark stop in he track . MARK ( turn he head , deny ) get away . damien I '11 ask you once more , please ! come with I , be mine ! MARK no . you can not escape you destiny , damien . it 's prophesied in the Book of revelation , that you will be ' cast into the lake of fire and brimstone and shall be torment forever and ever , ! rage enter damien , he cannot be deny , his eye blaze , he look seem to reach out and clutch Mark , who can no longer avert he eye . he begin respond to damien 's gaze , he face go deathly white . his mouth grow slack , blood begin to dribble from the corner of he mouth , and drip onto the snow , angle on richard and ann 196 still walk . . ou angle on MARK and damien 197 Mark be die - blood coze from he ear , from he eye . and damien stare relentlessly , he eye like torch , at last ~~ Mark slump to he knee . a moment . he falis forward . damien suddenly let out a yell ! a yell of pain , of grief , angle on richard and ann 198 startle by yell and beginning to run in panic . angle on damien 199 run to Mark , he put he arm around he brother , try to lift he up , restore he . damien ( moan ) Mark , Mark . oh , Mark ... Richard and Ann run into shot . Ann see Mark , he biood . she let out a scream . damien jump up . damien I do not know what happen ! Ann fall to she knee beside Mark , ann Mark , Mark ! Richard face damien . richard get back to the house ! damien we be walk -- and he fall ! he just -- richard God damn you , go back to the housel damien I do not do anything ! he turn and run , yell as he run : damien he fall ! I do not do anything ! Richard bend , pull Ann back from the dead boy . pick up he son . he turn , face Ann . she be barely able to speak . cont. 518 518 95 199 cont . ann it be not damien . he do not -- Richard turn again , walk away , press he face against the white and bloody face of he natural son , dissolve to : ext . cemetery - day 200 a dismal day , as befit the sombre scene . Richard thorn and , Ann be bury Mark , between they stand damien . around the grave into which the coffin be be lower , stand several mourner , include buher and neff . beside Richard be a tall , gray-haire man , fiedler , a doctor . all be in dark clothing , and the monotonous intone of the priest do nothing to alleviate the sense of total misery . camera move in on Richard and we hear he voice : ( voice over ) . but how could it be , Doctor ? there would have be some sign . you have examine he a dozen time yourself . close on the gray -haired doctor 201 motionless , stare down into the grave . doctor ( voice over ; a deep sigh ) I have see it happen before , I be afraid . a perfectly normal boy , or man , seemingly healthy in all respects ; but wait in he brain for some undue strain ~- a thin artery wall . the wall go ... three shot - richard , ann and the doctor 202 ann ( voice over ; tragic ) then ... it be there from the time he be bear . doctor ( voice over ) more than likely . I be sorry . I be very sorry . 518 96 ext . cemetery gate ~ day 203 slight rain fall delicately . more a mist than rain . the fimeral Party move to separate car . buher to he , neff into he own . damien get in beside Murray ; Ann and Richard climb into the back of the limousine . the car move away . ext , lake shore drive - chicago - day 204 Richard 's limousine hiss away over the wet road . int , the limousine - day 205 the wiper whisper over the windscreen . Murray in he dark glass , look expressionlessly ahead . angle on richard and ann - in the back of the 206 limousine they sit in silence . Ann be press away against she side of the car . Richard sit erect arid still . the silent scene hold a long moment , finally : ann despite what the doctor say -- richard Warren call from New York . I have to go . he touch a button beside he , and the smoke glass winiow go up between he and Ann , damien and the chauffeur . angle on damien' profile 207 as he look back through the smoke glass , watch Ann continue to remonstrate with Richard , he can hear nothing . ext , meig airport - day 208 the limousine pick its way through the numerous private plane , arrive beside a lear jet with the name thorn paint on the side . the limousine stop . Murray get out , open the door for Richard who step out , then lean back in to Ann . richard there will not be anything . I will come back . he look at damien , force himself -~ richard good-bye , damien . cont. 97 208 cont. '' eo he move away towards the plane . ann ( call after he ) Richard . she jump out of the car , run to he , and they embrace . he go into the plane . close on damien 209 watch Richard board the plane . dissolve to : ext . sleazy new york STREET - day 210 taxi pull up outside a run-down rooming house near the railway marshall yard . Richard dismount and pay cabby . he look at the seedy entrance , surprised and uncertain . int . rooming house - day ell obese man sit behind the counter read a comic . Richard 6 bang the bell to attract he attention , richard Warren . Mr. Warren . man room eight . Richard move to the stair , man you a relative ? richard no. man that man need a relative . ( shaking head ) do he need a relative . int . rooming house , corridor - day 212 Richard stop outside of room eight and knock . warren @ ( voice over ) who be it ? cont. 518 98 e212 sont . richard Richard . Long silence . the door creak open to reveal Warren . h:2 have age as though strike by some terrible , rapid iline : . he 's go almost gray , he be red -ey , unshaven , and in terror . he hold a crucifix in he tremble hand . richard my God , Charles , what 's happen ? he step inte the room , Warren shut and lock the door . warren the Beast be with we , it 's true , all true ... richard do not start that again , just ~- warren I see it myself ... yesterday . it 's horrible ...! ( shiver , close he eye ) it drive Joan hart mad , .. and bugenhagen -- richard where be it ?! warren they would already load it ... damien 's face ... nis dreadful face ... richard where ? ! ext , railway yard ~ day 213 Warren and Richard walk along the track , past thorn industry boxcar . Warren be even more agitate . he keep close to the stationary car and constantly look up at the sky . Richard stare up but see nothing . richard what be it ...? warren ( mumble , half dement «eenot there yet ... nothing ... not yet ... soon . cont . 518 99 213 cont . they arrive at a siding where a lone thorn container car park , near the buffer at the end of the track , further along the track a train and long line of heavy car begin shunting backwards . the massive link 's of each wagon crash and smash into each other as they take the strain . Richard and Warren be beside the thorn car . Warren freeze , terrify by what he see above , 's - Richard look up «= the crow circle slowly above . camera above float lethargically around they ~- wait . Richard stay where he be , but Warren run behind the container zar . camera pan off to take in line of wagon shunting towari they , but on a different track . angle on richard and warren 214 richard ( turn to the cower Warren ) it 's only a crow ... pull yourself together ! . warren it be here yesterday ... the whole time ... you must be quick ... Richard jump into the container car . camera low on track 215 and a rust ~ cover set of point f.g. Beyond we see the Cars move towards we . suddenly the point move and click over to another track , the car change direction . angle on warren 216 cower against the hitch at the back of the thorn car . he clutches he crucifix but he prayer be lose in the noise of the railway yard . a train and car shunt by and disappear , angle on richard 217 inside thorn car . he move among the crate look for the open one . angle on wheel moving = 218 angle on warren 219 he look nervously up . 518 100 angle on crow 220 as it circle lower . angle on boxcar hitching rod 221 move forward like a batter ram . angle on richard 222 . as he reach the open crate on the other side by the close door , he bend down and stare at the section of yigaele wall inside -- the color drain from he face . horror fill he eye . richard oh , my God ... angle on moving boxcar 223 as they crash into the thorn car . angle on hitch 22 k as it impale Warren and sweep he towards the buffer . angle on richard 225 as he be throw to the floor by the jolt . angle on damien' image on the wall 226 animated by the vibration of the move boxcar . angle under boxcar 227 and Warren 's dangle leg as it hit the buffer . the crash of heavy metal and Warren 's scream mingle into one awful sound . angle on richard 228 inside container car as the section of heavy wall slide away crash through the container 's side , toppling onto the track and smash into a thousand piece . angle from above 229 as Richard jump from the container car . he , look up momentarily , then begin to run . camera watch he as he stumble away , then slowly move in the opposite direction and gradually pick up speed follow the trazk out of town . dissolve to ; ext , davidson military academy - day 23 '' the winter sun cast a cold light on the assembled cadet and the spectator in the stand . it be the sword - giving ceremony , and the proud young men stand wait as one by one they be present with the sharp and glitter symoois of they achievement . the band be there , and a bugler underline the impressive moment when each cadet receive he sword . group shot of cadet - featuring damien 231 stand stiff and glow and ready . a black band cut across he right arm . there be only a few more sword to be give . the cadet two away from he be call forward and march rapidly forward , angle on the stand - including ann and buher 232 with some of buher 's associate behind and beside they . angle on the stand ~ featuring young girl 233 of twelve . very pretty , in a prominent position , stand between two tall large men in plainclothne . she be applaud , too , but she eye be fix on damien down below , there be other girl around she , all in the formal dress of some private school . angle on damien 234 as he name be call , and he march forward . camera Z ) oms back tovinclude Ann and buher watch , tensing . damien receive he accolade , and then the presenter reach for another sword -- presenter receive this for you brother , Mark , absent now ... but still aeserve of nis reward . Ann quickly wipe at she eye as buher and associate applaud , and the Young girl applaud -~ and Murray arrive beside Ann . he speak to she . damien be now march back into line . angle on ann and buher 235 ann I must go , Paul . Richard will be at the airport in half a hour . I have to be there . cont . 518 102 235 cont . buher yes , of course , ann give damien my love . tell he to have a good time at the Cotillion . buher to will . Ann leave with Murray . angle on damien 236 hold the two sword . he lock up at the stand and see Ann leave . his excitement turn to concern . beside he , neff catch buher 's eye . ext . meig be airport - dusk 237 Ann watch Richard 's plane taxi in . she see he come off . he have a haunt look . int . limousine - nigrt 238 head along a highway towards the museum . Ann be white - face , look at Richard in fright . ann how can he be ? there 's no such thing ! richard he kill Mark . he kill atherton , and panchali . ann stop itl richard he will go on kill . he will kill anyone not think be endangering he . ann ( furtous ) how ? how do he kill they ? pid he make the ice crack ? richard not himself -- cont . 518 103 238 cont . ann or tear the gas pipe apart ? I will not listen ! richard there be other . surround nim , help he . keeping he satel ann ( swallow hard try to reason Richard , listen to yourself , listen to how crazy you soundl other ! more devil . a conspiracy of devil ! oh , God , Richard , please ! richard ( grab she hand ) t Ann , I see Charles kill . Sam damien 's face on the wall . she turn a horrify face to he . int . ballroom - night 239 the cotillion be in progress , a hundred boy and girl be dance ; the boy be all in military uniform , the girl in white evening gowns ; all the gowns be alike . gather in bunch at the side of the huge room be that who be not yet dance . Girls on one side , boy on the other . camera track through the dancers arriving at neff and damien , : they stand watch the dancer , look over at the girl without partner . angle on the young girl eho see with she two bodyguard at the meet . she look even prettier in she evening dress , her guard keep a very low profile in the b.g , back to damien and neff 24 ) neff turn to damien with a smile . neff you will need courage to dance with she , damien . cont. 104 241 cont. : damien the President 's daughter ? neff nod , damien you forget I know the family . he walk over to the girl . int , limousine - night aha it come to a halt outside the museum . Richard push a button and the window slither down . richard Murray , I want you to collect damien from the Cotillion , immediately . he get out of the car , closely follow by Ann . ann what be you go to do ? she watch , helpless , then run after Richard . Murray watch they both in the rearview mirror as he drive cff . int . ballroom - night 243 the Cotillion go on . camera swing in , find damien dance with the twelve - year old girl . damien see neff and Murray over the girl 's shoulder . they be in deep conversation . Murray catch damien 's eye . damien you will have to excuse I , I '11 be back , he lead she from the floor and be about to follow Murray out of the ballroom , when neff step up to he -- angle on neff and damien 243~4 neff be careful . damien you forget who I be . 518 518 105 int . museum = night au the side door open . Richard step in , key in hand , and start across the main gallery . Ann come in after he , wild , in tear . ann Richard +- angle on the MAIN gallery - night 245 with Richard rush towards Warren 's private room , Ann behind he . int . warren' private room - night 2 u6 Richard burst in , switch on the light . Ann follow . ann what be you do ? richard the dagger be here . ext , dormer HOTEL - night 247 damien and Murray come out . somebody open the car 's rear door from inside . damien get in . door close . car move off . int . warren' private room ~ night 248 Richard be look wildly around . he go to the desk and begin pull open the drawer . ann Zowo not let you «= richard '' get away . they be here somewhere . ann ( wild ) you be go to kill he ! richard he 's get to be -- ann no -- richard Ann , the boy be not human ! cont. 106 e48 sont . he come upon the lock drawer , tug at it . ann you brother 's son { the boy you have love for seven year ! Richard can not pull the drawer open . he look around -~ see a array of archaeological digging tool -- he grab a chisel . he ram it into the tiny gap above the drawer . ann for I , Richard ! wait ! richard he 's get to diel the drawer be wrench open -- and there be the dagger , gleam in the light . Ann thrust the drawer shut , and dam herself between Richard and the drawer . ann I will not let you . richard open the drawer . give I the dagger . they look at each other for a long moment . ' tear course down Ann 's cheek . Ann give way , turn , open the drawer . int . museum - night akg car slow to a halt outside the Museum . damien look through the rear window at the massive portal . int . warren' private room ~ night 250 richard give they to I . Ann reach for the drawer . close shot - richard 251 wait . close shot - ann 252 pull the dagger out . two shot - ann and richard p53 she face he . she hold the cluster of dagger in she two hand . he hold he hand out for they . 518 107 angle over richard's shoulder 254 as Ann suddenly lunge forward ! driving all seven dagger into Richard 's stomach . her face go over Richard 's shoulder , evil , change , horrible , ann ( whisper in he ear ) here be you dagger , very close shot ~ richard 255 stare 0.s. , eye wide -- richard Ann a= two shot - richard and ann 256 she move away . Richard plunge forward to the floor , and the seven blade come through he back . ( a scream of joy ) demient close shot ~- the oil furnace 257 in the basement of the museum , which we have see earlier . it explode . we 258 int . private room - night 259 jolted by the explosion o.s . a jet of burn oil spray in through the room 's vent , cover Ann who catch fire iike a human torch . at the same time , the water pipe in the wall burst , and cloud of steam envelop she ! in she mad ecstasy she scream out -- ann damien , damien , damien ! ~~ like a demonic Joan of Arc , joyous in she burn death ! we 260 ext . the museum ~ angle on the limousine 261 with damien 's pace stare out through a back window , as he watch smoke billow from underground pipe tell of the holocaust below . camera hold a brief moment on he expressionless face . 518 108 int , limousine ~ night 262 Murray be drive . we can now see buher be sit with damien in the back seat . damien turn to look back at the museum , and we focus on he as he stare -- into the camzra . damien * Paul ? who 's go to look after I now ? freeze frame on damien 's innocent smile . fade out roller over black : ' for such be false apostle , deceitful worker , transform themselves into the aposty of Christ . and no marvel ; for Satan himself be transformed into a angel of Light .! ( 12 cor 11:13 ) the end