" damsel in distress " by whit stillman revised pink 30 Sept 2010 steeplechase webisode Inc. int . college registration -- day 1 at the edge of the registration hall three well - dress young woman -- stylish , black rose ; cute , insipid heather and pretty violet -- spot a lonely - look new student . rose look. violet where ? rose there . violet yes . I think so . violet approach the lithe , pretty but sad-look lily . violet ( cont ’d ) hello . be you a new student ? lily yes . violet good -- we think so . we have like to help you . lily help I ? what do you mean ? ext . quadrangle -- day 2 the four walk across the green , leafy quadrangle form by the university 's handsome old brick building . insert title : '' the quadrangle , Seven oak University '' violet as a freshman , it can be very tough . you finally get to college , it 's suppose to be so great but , generally -- it 's not . University life can be pretty bad . heather there be a lot of suicide . rose well , attempt one . lily I be not actually a freshman . I 'ma transfer student . violet oh ... a '' enter sophomore ? '' lily yes . violet so you be unhappy at you old school and be look to recover here ? well , I think you will ! violet encourage she with a huge smile . a pause . heather yes ! violet would you welcome that ? would we help and guidance be something you have appreciate , or would you rather sink or swim on you own ? either way 's fine , we have still be friend . heather yes , whichever you would prefer . lily yes. sure . violet great ! well , let 's start immediately . she give lily a very quick look over . violet ( cont ’d ) clothes can be critical for confidence -- and a overall sense of well - be . lily you do not like my clothes ? violet it 's not about like or not like ... lily what 's it about ? violet how you look when you put they on . heather the right clothes do not have to be expensive . rose no , all you need be friend of about the same size . a grungy pack of male student approach , inconsiderately hogging the path , obliging the girl to step aside . suddenly Rose look like she 's smell something foul ; violet gag . violet phew ! Rose bend over , hyperventilate -- it 's a bit scary . lily what 's wrong ? violet you do not notice that ?! lily no , what ? violet that guy ! that smell ! that awful acrid odor . Rose 's hyperventilate get a little less . [ Film full speech in both location : ] violet ( cont ’d ) Rose have a very sensitive nose .... int . girl 's room -- day 3 Rose lie in she bunk , a handkerchief to she nose . violet ..-- have you hear of '' nasal shock syndrome ? '' any harsh , acrid , or just '' disgusting '' odor send Rose into nasal shock -- rose ( very nasally ) this be not true nasal shock . have it be , I have have lose consciousness entirely . lily ( smile ) just from some b.o.? violet '' just some b.o. ? ! '' omigod , lily , you must have a very high threshold for pain ! that 's 1ll serve you well here at Seven oak ! lily what do you mean ? violet Seven oak be notorious for it 's b.o . it be the last of the '' Select Seven '' to go co-e . ( look around , combative ) a atmosphere of male barbarism predominate -- but we be go to change all that ! heather yes ! lily head toward the door . violet where be you go ? lily I have get to get to the housing department -- it seem they lose my rooming assignment . violet that 's terrible . you have no place to stay ? lily shake she head , she eye water a little . violet ( cont ’d ) they lose you housing assignment ? rose how could they lose it ? heather be it just mislaid ? lily no , there be more acceptance than they anticipate and not enough room to go around . violet exchange quick look with Rose and Heather . violet why do not you stay with we ? lily really ? int . dorm bathroom -- night 4 considerable movement in front of the mirror as the girl prepare for a night out . violet you must not think of this in the old fashioned sense of go to a party to '' find someone '' or '' not find someone . '' that 's not the dynamic we be talk about . lily what dynamic be you talk about ? violet I be glad you ask that . we go to a party of this kind be more a form of ... '' youth outreach '' -- lily of what ? violet '' youth outreach . '' it 's not just some moronic frat house social function -- rose though it will be that . violet yes , of course , but what we have get to keep in mind be -- this guy be very young , they be '' young people '' -- violet open the door and go halfway out , with one parting comment . violet ( cont ’d ) they be essentially immature , cry out for help and guidance . she leave . rose though they do not know that . heather no . they do not , but we do . lily but be not they the same age as we be ? rose only numerically . violet return , carry a beautiful dress . violet I be a lot fatter than you be but I think we could pin it . lily omigosh it 's beautiful . rose stun . lily put the dress up to see how it look in the mirror . title card Saturday even '' youth outreach '' ext . university walk -- night 5 possible Pov shot of a wooden frat clubhouse from which party music and crowd spill . Girls could walk into Pov , or we just see they head that way . violet take Frank , my friend -- he 's not some cool , handsome , '' studly '' macho - type . no , not at all -- I can not stand guy like that ! he 's more of a sad -sack really , would not you say ? Rose and Heather nod . rose definitely . lily what 's a '' sad-sack ? '' rose ( forcefully ) a loo-ser ! lily ( to violet ) you like loser ? violet very much so . do you know what 's the major problem in contemporary social life ? lily what ? violet the tendency , very widespread , to always seek someone '' cooler '' than yourself -- it 's always a stretch , often a big stretch . why not find someone who 's frankly inferior ? heather someone like Frank . violet yes . it 's more reward and in fact quite reassure . lily you mean , someone you can really help ? not just think of yourself ? violet yes ! that 's it . precisely ! but without the goody - goody implication -- we aspiration be pretty basic : take a guy who have not realize he full potential , or do not even have much and then help he realize it -- or find more . there 's enough material here for a lifetime of social work . look ahead , they see the front verandah of the D U where a drunken frat member walk toward its balustrade and dramatically fall , front - flipping , over it and disappear from view . he then stand and walk calmly back into the club . on the girl : lily 's shocked expression , the other 's equanimity : violet ( cont ’d ) what 's really worrisome be that that -- ( she make a face ) -- be intentional . the girl pass through the frame toward the clubhouse . int . d.u. clubhouse -- night 6 enter it 's instantly clear the girl greatly outclass the d.u. guy , a '' meatloaf crowd '' that include violet 's frank . violet Frank , this be lily , she 's just come to Seven oak as a transfer student . be not she great ? frank uh ... violet lily fail or be unhappy at she last school but we be sure be go to adapt beautifully here . in fact she already have !! frank oh. good . a good , quite recent ( circa - 2002 / 6 ) dance hit start to play . violet omigod -- a '' golden oldie . '' I love this ! violet start the dance ; they all join in . int . d.u. clubhouse party space -- night 7 the four pair off and dance enthusiastically with klutzy du partner -- violet with Frank , etc . later woman arrival look on jealously . violet try out new , cool dance step -- the other follow suit . the dance get better . even the du guy -- most sad - sack but one , thor , dumb and handsome -- rise to the occasion . int . d.u. clubhouse refreshment area -- night 8 break from the dance violet lead they into the refreshment area . violet omigosh ! be not that great ? lily that be really fun . frank yeah . violet I know that people can have useful career in many area : government . law. Finance . -- rose -- Education -- violet yes , even education ! but I have like to do something especially significant in my lifetime , the sort of thing that could change the course of human history -- such as start a new dance craze . lily really ? violet yes . something that could improve the life of every person -- and every couple . Frank look at violet with pride , which violet reward with a quick kiss before sampling the punch . violet ( cont ’d ) my gosh that 's good ! what 's in it ? the young bartender get flustered with a '' uh ... '' '' duh ... '' reaction -- he do not know . violet ( cont ’d ) no , do not tell . it 's better a mystery ! int . dine hall -- day 9 at breakfast the four be in pretty good shape consider the night before . violet I be so proud of what you accomplish last night . you show that guy a really good time without anything really bad happen . you could see they confidence and enjoyment increase by the minute , while not let they turn into animal . that 's good . rose still , I hate it when they puke . violet think about this . violet that 's okay . it 's part of grow up -- '' they be learn they limit . '' 10 . rose but be they learn ? it 's like a puke festival . violet well , they aim 's improve ! they be get more directional ! heather yuck . I hate when it get on you clothes . violet dar-fur . lily what ? violet dar-fur . there be horrible injustice in the world and we should not obsess over the adolescent misdemeanor of friend . lily the guy you know , be they all Greeks ? violet what ? lily be all the guy you know Greeks ? violet Excuse I ? I do not understand . lily ( more slowly ) are. all . the. guy . you. know . Greeks ? violet look to the other . violet I do not think we know any Greeks . rose Professor papadapoulos ? lily '' Greeks '' -- frat boy . blank look all around . violet oh ! oh yes ! fraternity ! you mean member of Greek -letter 10 11 . fraternity -- american college slang : '' Greeks . '' lily like last night . a pause . violet actually last night we be at the '' D '' '' U " house : '' D " , '' U , '' Roman letter , not Greek . Seven oak do not have a Greek letter fraternity system -- it 's always be a Roman letter system here . heather it 's very different . lily how ? violet well , I think you will see . ext . brick build -- day 10 they approach another georgian brick building . Rose and Heather carry a large box of donut and '' jug 0 's joe . '' lily what house be this ? violet oh , this be not a fraternity -- at least not one anyone should want to join ! the sign read : '' suicide Center . '' violet pick up the '' prevention '' from the Center 's sign from the floor . violet ( cont ’d ) ( to lily ) you probably think we be frivolous , empty-heade , perfume - obsessed college coed . you be probably right . I often feel empty head -- violet put the '' prevention '' sign back up . violet ( cont ’d ) but we be also try to make a difference in people 's life . and one way to do that be to stop they from kill themselves . 11 12 . violet and lily climb the Center step . violet ( cont ’d ) have you ever hear the expression , '' prevention be nine - tenth the cure ? '' well , in the case of suicide , it 's actually ten-tenth the cure . lily that be cliches , be not they ? int . suicide CENTER -- day 11 while Heather and Rose set up the coffee and donut for the center , include the sign explain they restrict use . violet { yes , they be . ] it 's interesting that you say that . I love cliches and hackneyed expression of every kind . do you know why ? lily shake she head '' no . '' violet ( cont ’d ) because they be largely true : the hundred , perhaps thousand of such cliches and hackneyed expression we language have bequeath to we be , in fact , a treasure - trove of human insight and understanding . lily really ? violet yes . oh , come sit with we . during this formative college year we should try to learn as many hackneyed thought and expression as possible -- furthermore , I think we will ! heather ( to lily ) speak of suicide prevention , do you have a boyfriend , lily ? lily be a bit amaze . rose be you dating anyone ? lily I do not see the connection . heather you do not ? violet boyfriend be a primary suicide risk . heather you do not have any particular friend ? no one at all ? lily be put on the spot . lily no ... well , there 's this grad student whom I meet over the summer - - xavier [ pronounce Zav-ee - yay ] . we become pretty good pal . violet '' good pal ? '' what 's that ? lily well , he have a girlfriend whom I meet -- she 's very nice . violet look around to the other . violet what 's the point of that ? lily of what ? violet xavier with the girlfriend . lily what do you mean ? heather '' Zavier " with a '' Z ? " lily no , I think it 's with a '' xx . '' heather no , I be certain it 's a '' Z . " '' Zavier " like '' Zorro . '' it 's the same sound . ( do a Zorro move ) Zorro mark he name with a '' Z . " lily it 's a '' xx . '' 14 . heather but Zorro 's with a '' Z . " it 's the same . violet okay , let 's see if we can figure this out . use at the beginning of a name , '' Z " and '' X " '' have the same pronunciation . heather but it 's Zorro - with a '' Z . '' violet actually there be two '' Zorros . '' one spelt he name with a '' Z " and make a '' Z " mark for Zorro , the other one spell he name with a '' X " and with he sword he have make a '' X " mark . what be really unfair be that , because he mark he name with a '' X '' , everybody assume he be illiterate , when actually he be spelling correctly . a frantic seem young male student burst into the Center -- they all stop what they be do . violet ( cont 'd ) hello . rose can we help you ? violet of course we can ! no case be too hard or challenging -- would you like a donut ? Heather spring into action . rose please sit down . heather here , have some coffee . violet sit at the desk and take out a form . jimbo thank you . violet what 's you name ? 15 . jimbo jim. bose . but my friend call I jimbo . violet why ? jimbo what ? violet why do you friend call you '' jimbo ? '' jimbo I suppose it 's a contraction of '' Jim '' and the first part of my last name , '' bose . '' violet yah . I get that . but , why bother . jimbo what do you mean ? violet why bother : '' Jim '' be already a lovely name -- short , simple , evocative -- should not a nickname simplify the name that it 's replace ? jimbo 's do not simplify anything . jimbo I do not know . violet well , maybe you should ask you friend what they have in mind . ( read from form ) where do you live or reside ? jimbo doar dorm . rose ouf . heather omigod . yuck . jimbo what ? violet the smell . it 's notorious . 16 . jimbo what smell ? violet you be right , it 's more like a '' stink . '' unclean clothing , I would say , mostly . rose vomit . heather stale beer . rose pot , cheap deodorant -- there might be a vermin infestation . Heather and lily place the coffee and do nut next to he . violet no wonder you be depressed , live there . do you know that a good smell environment be crucial to we well - be ? have you think of move and find a place that smell better ? -- jimbo ( get frantic ) wait , wait , wait -- it 's not I -- I be not depressed ! violet be you sure ? because you kind of seem on edge . jimbo no -- I be fine . rose that 's a terrible expression -- '' fine . '' ( a funny voice ) '' I be fine . '' ( normal voice ) anyone who say they be fine definitely be not . it 's kind of conceit . something smug about it . violet why do you say you be '' fine ? '' jimbo I mean I be not depressed ! I be not suicidal ! 12 17 . violet snatch the donut from he mouth . rose why be you here then ? be you a con man , a confidence trickster ? jimbo no , there 's a girl on my floor ! her boyfriend dumped she ! she 's be cry for day but now 's silent -- violet omigod ! why do not you say so ! violet jump up . violet ( cont 'd ) we have to go ! ( to the other ) call the cop -- a suicide might be in progress ! violet head off . heather the campus cop ? rose yes of course the campus cop . ext . walk to doar dorm -- day 12 they head quickly along the walk . violet still hold the partially eat donut carefully and sanitarily with a thin tissue . violet take this . I be sorry -- violet give jimbo he do nut back . violet ( cont 'd ) it 's just that we get a lot of student come to the center pretend to be depressed to get the donut . rose confidence trickster ! violet yes , it 's really bad , really cynical . and we make a pledge the donut company that we would only give the donut to student who be depressed , suicidal or 13 18 . otherwise nutty . we be a non-profit -- so the rule be pretty strict . jimbo nod as he jog , he mouth full . rose this man could still be a trickster . violet we will soon find out ... I be surprised we have not have more case from doar dorm -- live in such squalor must be terribly destabilize psychologically . jimbo it 's not so bad . violet you poor guy !... tell I about this girl . jimbo her name 's '' priss . '' she 's very pretty -- violet oh , yeah -- ( to the other girl ) -- it 's very hard for beautiful woman to experience rejection . int . doar dorm corridor -- day 13 they be outside the girl 's room . violet test the door handle . it 's lock . she shake it . violet priss ? priss ? be you okay ? they listen but can hear nothing . violet ( cont 'd ) priss ! say something ! meanwhile each react to the doar dorm odor : most gasp but Rose spraying perfume on she pashmina and try to breath through that . violet ( cont 'd ) priss ! open up -- please ! priss ! she listen but there 's no sound from within . Rose approach violet , look unwell . 19 . rose ( in terrible shape ) could I wait outside ? violet yes ! it 's best to get as far away as possible ! Rose , who look shake , nod . violet ( cont 'd ) take care of yourself , Rose . heather yes , take care of yourself . Rose leave , protect she face with the pashmina . violet priss say something ! please !-- campus cop arrive . violet ( cont ’d ) oh thank God , we be go to have to force this door . 14 int . dorm room -- day . 14 the campus cop burst into the room -- follow by violet and the other . priss bolt up from she dorm cot , where she have be lie teary - eye , head under a pillow , headphone in she ear . she 's delicate- look and very pretty . violet priss ?! be you okay ?! priss take the headphone out of she ear . priss what ? violet please do not -- please , please -- come with we . 15 int . coffee cottage -- day . 15 violet & jimbo sit with priss who nurse a hot chocolate . violet but you have contemplate suicide ? priss what ? 20 . violet have you resolve to kill yourself ? priss no ... not really . she stop , look down and freeze . silently , tear start stream down she face . violet turn to jimbo : violet could you excuse we ? jimbo nod and go . violet turn back to priss . violet ( cont ’d ) do you want to talk about it ? what be he name ? priss j-josh . priss 's voice break ; another wave of tear roll down she cheek . violet if you would rather not talk about it , we do not have to -- priss nod , but the tear do not stop . priss no it 's okay , I just ... I keep think how ... he use to gaze at I with such love in he eye -- you know what I mean ? violet no , I have never actually see that . priss yes , just day ago he have gaze at I - - with he eye so blue . she stop ; the tear roll some more . violet he have blue eye ? priss nod . violet ( cont 'd ) so do Frank -- Frank 's the guy that I go out with . otherwise he 's not conventionally good - look -- which I actually prefer . would you describe '' josh '' as handsome ? 21 . priss nod , too overwhelm to talk further . violet ( cont 'd ) that 's a problem . lily come by with a cup of tea . lily could I join you guy ? violet yes , please . priss and I be just talk -- in my view , handsome man be to be avoid . I do not even consider good look to be flatter in a man . do you know what I mean ? lily uh , no . violet cookie-cutter '' good-look guy '' with they '' chisele feature , '' run around , full of themselves , get everything they want , never suffer or experience any -- lily have we suffer ? violet we be not under discussion -- that 's irrelevant , beside the point . ( to priss ) be this make you feel any better ? priss have stop cry . priss yes . I think so . violet good ! I hope it would . ( check she phone ) okay , it 's nearly four and the Daily complainer 's orientation meeting be about to start . I think we should go . the editor , Rick dewolfe , he 's terrible , a real jerk . 16 ext . quadrangle - day 16 the fab four plus priss walk toward the '' Daily complainer '' building . 22 . lily why do you think he 's such a jerk ? violet environment ? genetics ? lily I mean what 's he do that 's so jerky ? violet oh . you will see . he 's one of that I be talk about -- tall , probably consider himself very smart and handsome -- and a '' journalist '' -- so you can just imagine the mind - boggle arrogance and conceit . lily but , violet , do not you think ... violet what ? lily well , do not you think that the way you talk be consider arrogant too ? they walk in silence for a moment . lily ( cont 'd ) I mean , a little ... violet yes , of course , but what 's you point ? lily well ... would not that be hypocritical , criticize Rick dewolfe for something you could be criticize for yourself ? violet consider this with complete equanimity . violet no , I do not see why ... we be all flaw . must that render we mute to the flaw of other ? must we tether ourselves from comment because we nature be human too ? ( very happy ) we have get a rebel amongst we ! that 's good , I think . it 's good to be challenge and criticize . 23 . lily I be sorry , I know you intention be good -- violet you have put you finger on something important . that 's it , precisely : we intention be good . we be seek to help people rescue they life from terrible sadness and failure -- which be a worthy goal , do not you think ? lily yes , but not exactly a humble one . violet no , I agree with you there , you be right absolutely . I have like to thank you for this chastisement . lily I be sorry , I do not mean to -- violet no , I think you do and I think it 's good . it 's good to have a friend to put one in one 's place when that 's what one need and now I see that I have that kind of friend in you . I think that 's great ! 17 int . DAILY complainer newsroom -- day . 17 tall , insufferable rick dewolfe jump up on a steel desk to address the young freshman and sophomore crowd . rick do wolfe hello , people . listen up ... people ! quiet ... quiet , people ... shut up !... okay , that 's better ! ha , ha . I be Rick dewolfe , editor of the complainer . over the next week and month I be the person you 'il learn to hate most in the world . at least , I hope so ! ( laugh ) you be go hate I because I be go to work you relentlessly , point out you stupidity and incompetence , do everything in my power to turn you into journalist - - albeit barely literate one . nervous laughter from the crowd . 24 . violet oh brother ! lily what ? violet just shake she head but Rick look and see violet 's contemptuous stare . a ceausescu moment . then he recover . rick do wolfe any question ?... no ? stupid titter . violet roll she eye . male student uh , yes -- how do the '' Daily complainer '' get its name ? rick do wolfe be not that pretty obvious ? the student , embarrassed , shake he head ; nervous titter from the crowd . rick do wolfe ( cont ’d ) it come out every day and it 's the university daily -- so , the Daily . complainer . Daily -- stupid laughter , from Rick and other . male student no , I mean -- rick do wolfe you mean why the '' complainer ? '' the name date from Seven oak 's earliest day as a divinity school . the reference be to the Book of job -- job 's '' complaint '' with the world . the complainer start as a theological journal but evolve into the university weekly , finally go daily after World War two . I like the name -- before justice can be achieve , a complaint must be make . that 's what we do and people do not like it a bit . right now that mean extirpate Seven oak 's elitist roman - letter club that be like a cancer on the university community - — violet oh what nonsense ! rick do wolfe what ? violet they be not '' elitist '' in the least . Dead silence in the room . rick of course they be . violet have you meet any of they member ? the guy from the du , for example ? they be moron , barely competent for the task of everyday life . they have to drink something like a quart of beer just to talk toa woman - — rose two quart . violet yet you salivate at the idea of take the roof off this poor guy 's head , and throw they brutally into the street where who know what harm might come to they . and you consider yourself a Christian ? rick no , I do not . violet what unkindness and cruelty -- and yet you be proud of that . this be the darkness in human nature , in the very heart of man -- which the british novelist Joseph conrad write about most eloquently . rick he be actually Polish . violet omigod ! pedantic too ! unkind , self - righteous and pedantic -- in short , a model journalist ! Rick look around and appeal to the crowd . rick you should know something about this girl -- they run the '' suicide Center '' where they prefer therapy for seriously depressed and suicidal people be +.. tap dance . I kid you not . 25 . 26 . violet tap be a highly effective therapy as well as a dazzlingly expressive dance form that have be sadly neglect for too many year . rick it 's moronic and barbaric . you seriously expect tap dance to solve this people 's problem ? violet no , we do not -- we be use the whole range of musical dance number which over many year have prove themselves to be effective therapy for the suicidal and hopelessly depressed . 18 int . girl 's room -- night 18 violet lie on she bunk , look discourage , while the other relax or go about they business . violet that really get I down . lily I think you handle it well . violet you do ? thanks . no , it 's all this aggression and hostility that get I down -- not just he , but also my own . it leave you feel unclean . heather have you think of take a shower maybe you have fee better . violet you be probably right but there 's something else ... what lily be say about I be conceit and arrogant - — — lily I be sorry -- violet no , I think you be right . it 's bad . I feel terrible . rose you be joke -- 19 27 . violet no , I be serious . it 's terrible how I have act . I be embarrassed .... we be all Christians -- or , I should say '' judeo - Christians : '' humility should be we watchword , the essence of be a good person . the question be , how do you become humble if you be essentially arrogant and ... evil by nature ? the room fall into silence . int . suicide CENTER -- day 19 a gangly , oddly - dress male student awkwardly lead sad - seem student , include priss , in a tap dance number as if from a 30 musical . [ look for music . ] violet very good , freak ! gangly student you really think so ? violet yes ! certainly . lily take violet aside . lily ( whisper ) be it really such a good idea to call he '' freak '' ? violet what ? lily he 's already depressed ; constantly call he '' freak '' -- violet ( whisper back ) that 's he name , '' freak '' -- '' freak astaire , '' that 's how he want to be call . '' freak astaire '' -- the gangly student -- notice they talk . freak ( a bit paranoid ) what 's all the whisper ? what be you talk about ? 28 . violet lily be just say that she like you dance . freak nod . next to they debbie , a chorus member , seem catatonic . violet ( cont ’d ) be you okay ? debbie ( suspiciously ) what do you mean ? violet I just notice that you look a little sad and I be wonder if there 's anything we could do . debbie what could you do ? oh , I know : you think I be suicidal -- that I be go to kill myself and make you look bad . violet no , I be worried you 'il kill yourself and make yourself look bad . debbie do you have you any idea how demoralize it be to be constantly question about whether you be suicidal or not ? violet no . debbie well , the first few time , you might brush it aside by say '' no '' or '' not now ... '' ( increasingly angry ) ...- but , after a while , you begin to wonder -- why be everyone ask I this ? be it because they want I to be suicidal ? or be it just the unintend consequence of they utter absurdity ? Debbie turn and walk away ; violet follow she . violet Excuse I , what scent be you wear ? 20 29 . debbie what be you talk about ? violet the perfume that you be wear . debbie I be not wear any perfume ! violet you see , that could be the problem . int xavier 's house , kitchen -- evening 20 the kitchen in the ground floor apartment in a private house . lily 's grad student friend xavier and he girlfriend alice in the midst of prepare a healthy - look meal . lily I have become friend with this really nice group ... xavier reall ? yeah -- though they be somewhat perfume - obsessed . xavier oh they -- that girl ? the one who volunteer at the suicide Center ? lily yeah . xavier but they be terrible ! the blonde one -- she 's notorious . lily what do you mean ? xavier such a bitch , terrible , be not she ? alice ( prepare the salad ) would balsamic be okay ? lily what ? alice balsamic vinegar , for the dress ? 21 30 . lily oh , yeah , sure . lily follow they movement as they prepare the meal . xavier lift a lid revealing three artichoke in a cloud of steam . lily ( cont 'd ) what 's that ?! xavier what ? lily that . xavier artichoke ? lily be that what they look like ? alice oh come on , lily . you have see a artichoke before ... lily be embarrassed for a moment . alice ( cont 'd ) you have not ? lily they look so weird ! like little martian space vehicle . xavier laugh . ext . quadrangle -- day 21 the girl leave the suicide Center with priss . violet you know , I be not convinced that have a '' suicide prevention Center '' prevent any suicide . rose well , the coffee 's good . lily if someone be really determine to destroy themselves , I do not think they have stop for coffee . 31 . heather I suppose it depend on what it taste like . lily where be we go ? violet I think I have take priss over to the d.u. lily why ? violet well , it might be helpful for she to meet some of the guy . lily how would that be helpful ? they be moron . violet come on , lily . lily no , they be . they be moron . violet no. not medically ... I like they . they're in that sympathetic range of be not good - look , and yet not smart . there 's something likeable about that . spend time with they , you get the sense that you be really make a difference in they life . for somebody suicidal , like priss , that could be a real boost . priss I be not suicidal . violet oh . that 's good . it 's better not to have the identity as a suicidal person , do not you think ? lily head down a divergent path . lily bye . violet ( worried ) where be you go ? 22 32 . lily over to xavier 's . violet be that a good idea ? lily why would not it be ? violet be he girlfriend go to be there ? lily of course -- gosh you be nosy . violet no -- no nose . just a general forebode . lily '' forebode ? '' violet reconsider . violet you know , you be absolutely right ! I be be nosy , terribly so . I have get to watch that . please forgive I . I want to become a better person . can one ? can one change one 's nature ? I do not know . but I feel we must try . heather yes , we must improve ourselves . lily bye. damsel bye. ext . residential STREET -- day 22 in the golden light of the day 's end lily approach xavier 's house . a guy on a bike pass she . xavier lily ! xavier stop . xavier ( cont 'd ) you be come over ? 23 lily , surprised , nod . xavier get off he bike . lily yeah , be Alice home ? xavier Alice be work . lily oh , she be ? xavier but it 's not a problem -- it 's good you come . let 's go to the oak bar ; I nil buy you a beer . lily hesitates . lily I think Alice would be back . xavier I ’‘1l call she . she will join we there . lily hesitates further . int . the corner bar - day 33 . 23 xavier and lily , install at a booth , talk as the tavern start to fill up with local and student crowd . lily she 's actually quite a good person . I mean , she entire identity revolve around help people . xavier you really think that 's true ? for instance , what 's she have against the complainer ? that 's bizarre . lily well , she think the editor , Rick dewolfe , be completely egotistical . xavier and you friend be not ? alice hi! xavier stand to let Alice by he into the booth . lily hey ! 34 . alice hi lily ! xavier hi! great ! you get the message . alice yeah , thanks . so , who 's egotistical ? xavier lily 's roommate . she sound unbearable . she 's on a rampage against the complainer . alice really ? why ? lily she think the editor , Rick dewolfe , be conceit and , in fact , quite mean . alice mean ? lily yes , he want to close Seven oak 's Roman - letter club . alice that 's good be not it ? I think everyone be against they . lily no . xavier come on . there 's no possible justification for that place . they be exclusive and elitist . lily the point that violet make be that they can not be elitist , they be moron . xavier yeah -- elitist moron . confound for a second , lily regroup . lily but you will grant that they be moron and that 's a handicap -- such people should be help , not hound and persecute . 24 35 . xavier ( with a laugh ) persecute ? lily yes . lose the roof over you head , be throw out into the street , that 's about the worst thing that can happen to anyone . xavier shrug , cruelly indifferent . lily ( cont 'd ) violet think that there could be some risk of ... suicide . xavier oh , because some moronic frat boy might kill himself , Seven oak can not do what 's right ? lily it 's a factor to be take into consideration . alice yeah . xavier no it be not . you can not set policy that way . the barman arrive with a new round of drink . xavier ( cont 'd ) Excuse I , we do not order this -- barman compliment of the guy at the bar . they look to the bar , where a well - dress fairly young guy nod to they . lily look at he intently -- while he 's not handsome , there 's something appeal about he . int . girl 's room -- day 24 lily pace as the girl lounge in the room . rose that 's a playboy or oper - a- tor move . oper -a- tor like that be to be avoid . violet why ? it seem very generous to I - - send a round of drink over to 36 . people he do not know ? drink be expensive . rose send drink to two gorgeous girl ? his intention be to seduce -- and he assume he could . heather ( shocked ) both ? violet be not that a bit harsh ? he be probably just yearn for some intelligent discourse . rose I doubt that be the course he be seek . violet be he alone ? lily yes . violet you see -- he be alone and probably lonely . he could see that Alice and lily be college student . College student be well know for they intelligent conversation . after all they can always talk about they course . that be probably what attract he -- rose nonsense . violet perhaps he view be even loftier -- to court lily , with a view to matrimony . we be in the North but occasionally a Southern gentleman can wander into this part . rose rubbish . violet why not ? see lily across a crowded bar , fill with the usual undergraduate slob , why would not a thoughtful young man seek she out ? she 's lovely . be not it incumbent on man and woman to find way to meet each other ? buying drink for 37 . a person you do not know seem to I to be a particularly generous one . heather yes , most guy will not even pay for the woman they do know . rose what you have describe be a playboy or oper - a- tor move . violet I 's all grant you it 's a tactic , or perhaps even a ruse . but without some of that , would we species even survive ? the Lord say , '' be fruitful and multiply - - '' lily omigosh -- violet no , this be how the world work -- '' see someone across a room '' -- this could be a great romantic story to tell you grandchild . violet imagine this . violet ( cont 'd ) and if you do marry and have child then he will learn how to really squander cash . be not it good to know he 's basically generous from the start . heather where 's priss ? 25 int . bar lounge , d.u. clubhouse - night 25 priss sit with Frank as a d.u brother , thor , make drink . priss you eye be so strike , so blue . frank really ? they be blue ? priss yes . the most pierce blue . frank huhn . priss you must know that you eye be blue ? 38 . frank no. priss ( laugh ) what do you mean ? frank what ? priss you must know what color you eye be . Frank remain silent and impassive . priss ( cont 'd ) come on , you eye be very blue , you know that . frank I be not go to go around '' check '' what color my eye be !... at the bar thor cock he head , listen . priss yes , but -- when you look in a mirror , you must see you eye be blue . frank oh come on ! priss what ? frank I be not homo-phobic , but I be not go to go look in mirror , check to see what color my eye be !... I do not think my eye have a color . if they be so blue , look out , would not everything be kind of blue ? like , have a blue tinge or something ? ( look around ) do not . just look normal . thor , hand they drink , take a look at Frank 's eye . thor that 's blue ? that color ? priss yes . of course . thor then , what color be that ? he point to a leather chair that 's clearly green . priss Green . thor you be say that chair 's green , but Frank 's eye be blue ? priss yes . thor and be color be the wall ? priss also , green . thor huhn . priss you do not know that ? thor no. priss how be that possible ? thor you really think know the color be so , so important ? priss you be in college and you do not know color ?... do not that embarrass you ? thor no . why should it ? that 's why the nrent be pay big buck to send I here -- you know , to learn stuff . thor toast they , take a sip from he drink . thor ( cont 'd ) thanks . well , gotta go hit the book . thor head off , then stop . 26 27 40 . thor ( cont 'd ) I do not know about you but I do not think anyone should feel embarrassed about not know stuff . what 's embarrassing be pretend to know what you do not -- or put other people down just because you think they do not know as much as you . I be happy to admit I be completely ignorant . that 's why I be here and plan to really hit the book . so , the next time you see I , I ’1l1 know more than I do now . i’1l be older , but also wiser -- or at least know more stuff . for I , that 's education . thor salute they with he drink . thor ( cont ’d ) cheer . thor take a long draught before leave . priss and Frank watch thor go . frank thor 's great . he 's very clear about he objective : he really want to learn thing -- that 's why he 's here . like , you always see he with a book and yet he 's not pretentious in the least ... int . elsewhere , d.u. house -- night 26 the light be low . some cool music be on . the camera swoops up the stair , pass through a doorway and enter the club '' nest '' area -- find priss and Frank in passionate embrace . they kiss go on and on . reverse angle : violet , Rose , Heather and lily at the doorway , shocked . violet turn and flee , the other follow . ext . quadrangle -- night 27 the girl walk silently and somberly , violet 's face turn down , in a state of shock . heather I can not believe it . rose what a jerk . lily he 's a monster . 4l. heather omigosh , violet . you do everything for they ! they be nothing without you ! tear have start roll down violet 's face . rose what a rat . lily moron . rose do not waste a single tear on that creep . heather do not waste a single breath . lily jerk. violet stop - please ... rose what ? violet ( a quiet voice ) i. Love . Frank . ( a strange , intense voice ) I love he . 28 int . girl 's room -- day 28 the next day they be still talk -- violet prostrate abed . lily come on , violet , Frank 's a moron . you be well rid of he . violet do not say that . lily what , Frank 's not a moron ? violet you know , lily , you be a bit harsh . this obsession with '' intelligence '' — - do you think it have some magical quality , transform everything ? the intelligence line be not a ... immutable barrier ; love can cross it . you can love someone whose 42 . mental capacity be not large ... I know ; I have . lily well , there 's a mutable barrier then . rose Frank 's stupid , we know . that he be a rat jerk playboy op - er-a- tor I have not realize . violet I do not want to turn bitter . I worry for Frank -- I care about he . lily well , I have stop . violet no . I love Frank -- I always will . heather if that 's the case , why not fight for he ? violet what do you mean ? heather get he back . lily no ! he 's worthless ! violet against priss ? I have never win . heather sure you would . violet priss , who 's so pretty and sweet ? rose priss be a rat . a bitch . a rat - bitch . violet do not blame priss . she be crush when she blue -ey josh leave she . ( smile a little crazily ) I should have know . of course she would fall for Frank . josh and Frank be both blue-ey heartbreaker . lily look at violet as if she be completely delusional . 43 . heather I wonder if people with blue eye be in fact less kind than other people . Blue eye could represent a icy nature . lily you eye be blue . heather I know , and I be often shocked at how cold I be . I be like a icicle inside . I do not feel a thing . title card the algebra of Love 29 ext . town STREET -- twilight 29 lily walk with the guy who send the drink over to they at the bar , charlie WALKER . lily poor violet . charlie she 's the roommate who 's so self - confident and constructive ? lily yeah -- but now she 's a wreck ... but there 's no logic to the algebra of love . charlie '' the algebra of Love ? '' ( smile ) that sound like the title to some lame book . lily well , it 's a title , but the book 's not lame at all . charlie Love 's '' algebra ? '' I always think it be more geometry . lily okay , the title 's not good , but the book be . charlie what 's it say ? lily well , that while we be all ... perverse in we romantic preference , there 's actually this logic , or algebra , to we perversity . it have something to do with how the species have evolve . charlie the survival of the species ? lily yes , and whether it will continue to do so ... 30 int . the corner bar -- night 44 , 30 lily drain a martini glass and put it down next to a empty one . lily just to find the nearest package store you have to drive forty mile . ( sip ) this be not so strong -- charlie no , they be really strong . lily look a little woozy . lily I think I would like another . charlie that would not be a good idea . lily why not ? charlie well ... lily be you try to stifle I ? charlie yes . xavier ( 0.s. ) lily ? lily oh , hi ! 31 45 . xavier listen , we be go to get something to eat , why do not you come with we ? lily I be with Charlie . xavier I can see that . but you really should come . lily why ? xavier I just think it would be a good idea . lily but why ? xavier you really must come . I insist . ext . town STREET -- night 31 lily walk slightly ahead and separate from xavier and Alice , silent and angry . she might be a little tipsy . xavier lily ? she just keep walk . xavier ( cont 'd ) lily , be you angry ? lily pass the front of a restaurant . xavier ( cont 'd ) lily ! this be it . we be here . she return , as if reluctantly . xavier ( cont 'd ) what 's the matter ? lily that be so rude . he 's a nice guy and you embarrassed he . xavier he 's not nice at all . he be try to get you drunk . 32 46 . lily no , he be not . xavier ply you with martinis ? what a sleaze-ball . lily I be ply myself with martinis -- xavier come on , the guy 's a total sleaze , a creep . lily you do not know anything about he -- xavier the way he send drink over to we table ? Alice , feed up , turn and walk quickly away . xavier chase she . xavier ( cont 'd ) Alice ! Alice ! what 's wrong ?! int . girl 's room -- day 32 tight on violet 's face , as she lie on she bed , she face lightly angle toward the wall . lily I just have no idea xavier could be so mean . while the chat center on lily , the camera also observe violet 's post - jilt pain . rose be you sure he be mean ? heather sound as if he be just try to protect you . rose this Charlie Walker sound like a oper - a- tor , a '' playboy '' type . lily he 's not like that at all , he 's actually a really nice guy . 33 34 47 . rose I think he be a slick businessman . lily no , he dress well but he work in strategic development . rose what ? lily '' Strategic development '' -- he work at '' s.d.a . '' -- Strategic development associate . he 's a associate there . rose what he be be a '' strategic oper - a - tor . '' lily notice violet , turn to the wall . lily violet ? be you okay ? for a while violet say nothing . ext . lower sport field , seven oak -- day 33 violet stride between sport field , head toward the open countryside as the sky darken ominously . a maintenance man riding a small grass - cutter call to she : ground keeper hey ! miss ! rain 's comin 's -- better go back . violet nod but keep on walk . Thunder sound . violet continue ; the sound of rain . int / ext search for violet montage -- night 34 lily and Rose pass they neighbor positive polly in the stairwell . rose polly ! have you see violet ? polly no , be something wrong ? rose I be not sure . 35 36 37 48 . outside , lily and Rose look for violet , call , and enter a wood . lily & rose ( alternate ) violet ! ext . clearing -- night 35 violet walk back from the wood ; lily and Rose find she . lily violet omigosh -- what happen ?! int . dorm shower -- day 36 the girl wait as steam pour out of a shower stall . rose I do not understand , what be you do ? there be no response -- just the sound of water . lily how long be you go for ? violet be still slow to reply . violet I be sorry , I do not know -- I lose track of time . the girl exchange concerned look . violet get out of the shower , wrap in a towel . heather but you feel better now ? violet , listless in she movement , be slow to reply . violet well ... cleaner ... int . suicide CENTER -- day 37 Debbie and freak practice dance ; jimbo quizze violet for the questionnaire . debbie she 'il say anything to get in the show . I suppose now she ’1ll want the donut , too -- 38 49 . jimbo you do not have to be suicidal to get the donut , just '' severely depressed . '' debbie no , '' clinically depressed '' -- from a clinic . jimbo ( to violet ) would you say that you be depressed ? violet I do not like the term '' depressed '' -- I prefer to say that I be ina tailspin . debbie omigod ! a '' tail spin ! '' she can not even say she 's '' depressed '' like everyone else -- she 's get to say something '' special . '' priss be honest , she be really depressed and she have a right to be in the show . now every silly tail - spinner be try to get in ! freak the show 's for everyone . debbie no , it be not , freak ! to be include in the Center 's program you have to be '' clinically depressed . '' that mean that you have be to a clinic -- and they have say that you be depressed . have you be to a clinic ? violet do not reply . debbie ( cont 'd ) have you be to a clinic ? violet shake she head '' no . '' debbie ( cont 'd ) then you be not '' clinically depressed . '' ext . suicide CENTER -- day 38 Heather arrive with a large tray of donut and cardboard coffee jug as violet leave the building . 39 40 41 42 50 . heather violet , violet ? what be it , where be you go ? violet stop but do not respond . violet ( in a leaden monotone ) all I want be to make Frank happy ... I have all this plan , thing we could have do together . I never even get to tell he ... violet go off , leave Heather watch after she . int . girl 's room -- day 39 violet look in the mirror then go to she desk to write a note . she look around for a good spot to place it , finally leave it at the foot of she bed . but as she open the door , a breeze ruffle the window curtain and lift the note , which flutter under the bed . ext . town bridge -- day 40 violet , walk across the low bridge , stop halfway across and gaze into the water below . the water swirl and eddyy . rose polly , have you see violet ? polly no , she leave the dorm at four and I have not see she since . ext . quadrangle -- night 41 the boorish shout of moronic male student on a walkway give the otherwise desert quadrangle a forlorn air . int . girl 's room -- night 42 lily look down onto the scene , then turn to the other . lily I can not imagine where she could have go ? wherever she go , she should be back by now . Rose turn to Heather . 51 . rose how do she seem when you last see she ? heather really sad about Frank . lily still ? Heather nod . heather yeah . lily I be beginning to wonder about violet . how can someone so smart continue moon over a dope like that . rose from what I have observe in my admittedly brief span on earth , people generally do not jump for joy after be dumped by the moronic jerk in whom they have invest all they hope and dream . lily but violet 's so great , how could she go berserk over a idiot like that ? rose people be not exactly as you assume . the violet you know bear little resemblance to the girl I meet seventh grade year -- lily you meet violet in seventh grade ? rose well , she name be not '' violet '' then . a '' wavy '' memory dissolve begin as Rose think back ... int . seventh grade classroom -- day 43 shyly enter , timid 11 year old emily tweeter resemble the character we know as '' violet '' physically but in no other way . young rose what 's you name ? 52 . Emily do not immediately respond . girl # 1 you can tell we you name . we will not bite . girl # 1 laugh . girl # 2 what 's you name ? tell we . girl # 1 be you retarded ? tell we you name ? speak ! emily Emily ... tweeter . girl # 1 '' tweeter ? '' like a bird ? girl # 2 that 's ridiculous ! 44 int . girl 's room -- night 44 present day . lily '' tweeter ? '' like a bird ? rose yes -- not a easy name to have at that age . lily not at any age . what be she like ? rose timid , bookish ... classic scholarship student -- she parent be writer . they do not have a dime . finance be the least of she worry . lily what do you mean ? rose well , she be crazy -- I get stick rooming with she on the class trip when no one else would . ouf , it be awful . heather she smell bad ? 53 . rose no. obsessive cleanliness be part of she insanity . heather but you be nice to she . rose no , not really -- the idea of be nice to weird and unpopular kid have not arrive then . lily why be she so unpopular ? rose she be very strange -- constantly set herself odd , repetitive task -- lily task ? rose for example on that trip she have with she a little square suitcase . the idea come into she head she have to move it in a precise pattern , over and over again ... image of young '' Emily '' attempt this as a young '' Rose '' watch , expression agape . rose ( cont 'd ) if she do not execute this exact movement , flawlessly , ten time -- she would start over from scratch . look from the other . rose ( cont 'd ) another be to slide she hand across she forehead , try not to touch she hair or she eyebrow on either side -- ( Rose demonstrate ) -- also repeat it ten time . any niggling think she touch a hair on either side , she have start over . lily my God that 's insane ! heather why would she do that ? rose well , it be a compulsion . 44 n 45 46 47 54 . lily what compel she ? rose she have the superstitious conviction that if she do not complete this task flawlessly -- she parent would die . heather be she Catholic ? rose no . but what make the whole thing really sad be that she parent do die . lily omigod . ( 48b ) int . / ext montage : 44 Heather riding with the campus cop , look all over ; the lacrosse and girl hockey team search along the marsh near the play field , use they stick to push aside the reed . int . motel shower -- day 45 violet shower [ pg - acceptable ] , let the water wash over she head . she notice the scent of the soap and , shutting off the water , inhale of it deeply . int . SMALL motel room -- day 46 violet in a towel , she hair moist but comb , go about the room get dress . before leave she retrieve the soap , inhale its scent again , and carefully pack it in plastic . int . diner -- day 47 at the counter CAROLINA antonucci , a sympathetic but rather thin -skin waitress , fill violet 's coffee . CAROLINA something 's wrong , be not it , dear ? violet , surprised , look up . CAROLINA ( cont ’d ) do you mind my ask ? 55 . violet well ... I do mind , a little . CAROLINA oh well ! Excuse I , you highness ! Carolina stalk to the other end of the counter , refilling the coffee of two highway groundsman there on they break . violet I be sorry -- it 's just that it 's kind of awkward to talk about . CAROLINA no matter ... I just hope you have not come down here to get run over on the highway . Carolina roll she eye at the highway groundsman . violet what do you mean ? highway worker 1 suicide . they come down from the university . jump out in the road to get hit by the blind curve - - highway worker 2 hope you be not one of they . violet do I look like one of they ? highway worker 2 I do not know . maybe . highway worker 1 messy people , suicide . think only of themselves and they own death - - not what come after . highway worker 2 they make quite a mess , but do not stick around to clean it up . CAROLINA so you be not one of that depressed student down from the university ? violet well , I do not really like the word '' depressed ; '' I prefer to say that I be in a tailspin . CAROLINA a tail spin ? 48 49 56 . sharise , a young black waitress , come on duty , take a interest . sharise do this tail spin involve a man ? violet yes . it do . but I be not as crazy as I be up to yesterday . partly that 's due to the salutary effect of scent on the human psyche . it 's importance be , I believe , almost incalculable . at the motel this morning I happen to use this bar of soap -- violet show the soap in a see-through plastic zip - lock bag . violet ( cont ’d ) it be provide I as a courtesy as one of its guest -- that a economical motel would provide such good soap be quite unusual . the scent be very precise . sharise really ? sharise lean forward . violet cradle the soap in the palm of she hand . violet tell I if it provoke any particular reaction in you psyche - - a state of mind . sharise and Carolina , then the highway worker , all inhale its scent -- then look thoughtful . int . / ext montage : 48 the Daily complainer roll off the press , the headline '' sophomore miss ! '' -- with a picture of violet rick I always know she be unstable . they be go to have she photo at the registrar . ext./ int . commuter train station - day 49 violet get off a mid-morn commuter train . 50 51 57 . ext . MAIN gate / quadrangle -- day 50 violet enter at the main gate -- a male student read the complainer look up at she , surprised . shriek sound from across the quad . heather violet ! violet ! Heather run toward she . heather ( cont ’d ) you be back ! you be okay ! violet not really . a campus police Mini pull up and a cop jump out . heather omigosh , violet -- we be so worried , why do not you tell we or at least leave a note ? violet I do leave a note . campus cop would that be a suicide note ? int . girl 's room -- day 51 violet look under the desk and bed , find the note and hand it to Heather . violet I would not have leave without leave a note . heather but where do you go ? violet I take the commuter train to villafranca and check into a cheap motel there . rose the Motel 6 ? violet no , the Motel 4 , it 's even less expensive . 52 53 58. rose the Motel 4 in villafranca - oh my God , you really be suicidal ! heather but why have you go ? violet I have to do something . lily you really think you be go to find the answer to whatever you be look for in villafranca ? violet I be not sure what I expect but I think I might have find it . heather what ? violet look in she bag and pull out something which she hold cup in she hand . lily soap ? violet bend over she cup hand and inhale deeply . violet this scent -- and this soap -- be what give I hope . lily how ? violet I ' 1l tell you . ext . xavier' house -- day 52 very late afternoon : lily , with shopping bag , ring , then knock . no one answer . she knock again . then test the door . it 's open and she hesitantly enter . int . xavier' house -- day 53 lily hello ?... hello ?... be anyone here ?... lily walk through the house -- it seem spare , as if furnishings have be remove . a rhythmic sound come from somewhere in the apartment . pass the washer - dryer she see 59 . it 's the agitate spin cycle . she get to the kitchen and put the bag down on the counter . xavier ( 0.s. ) hello ! lily omigosh , I could not understand where everyone be ! xavier sorry , I just go out to get some thing . he put another bag of grocery on the counter . lily where 's Alice ? xavier go . lily what do you mean ? xavier Left . we break up . lily but when you call you say -- xavier I know , I be sorry . I think it better to tell you in person . 54 int . xavier' house , kitchen -- evening 54 later , CUT to close on : vegetable saute in a pan . xavier cook , lily help . xavier Alice could not control she jealousy -- it completely overwhelm she . lily really ? what be she jealous of ? xavier oh come on . lily no ... what ? 55 60 . xavier you . after a while I just could not handle it -- thing become impossible . lily she be jealous of I ? xavier of course . int . live room , xavier' house -- evening 55 the coffee table have be set with two place and low candle . lily bring in they plate as xavier look through some dv . xavier would it be okay if we watch a film ? lily yes , what would you like to see ? xavier I think , maybe , Truffaut 's '' baiser vole '' , '' stolen kiss . '' do you know it ? lily no , be it new ? xavier shake he head . xavier it 's a classic of french New Wave cinema -- I think you will like it . xavier put the dvd on and reach for the wine . lily but , it 's in color ? xavier yeah . xavier pour they two glass of wine -- lily watch . tight on : red wine pour into a glass . xavier ( cont 'd ) you do not know Truffaut ? lily no. 56 57 61 . xavier do you know godard ? '' a Bout souffle ? '' ext . / int . live room , xavier 's house -- night 56 travel pan of room as close music of Truffaut film play . slouch back on the sofa , xavier and lily kiss . int . girl 's room -- day 57 Heather pace , lily and Rose study , violet examine the content of a small case . heather why be Alice so jealous ? lily just look thoughtful , continue study . rose what do you think -- she be jealous because lily 's absolutely lovely . lily I do not know -- apparently they have a lot of problem . rose of course ! you would not break up a happy couple . violet be study a piece of paper she 's take from the box . heather what 's that ? violet a note Frank leave . heather really ? recently ? violet no -- when we be together . now that most correspondence be electronic , it 's very rare to be leave with anything write by hand . rose Frank can write by hand ? what be it ? 62. violet it 's not very important but -- it 's just all I have . lily what 's it say ? Heather , take a look , read it : heather '' out for brewskis -- back in a ... gif . '' lily what 's a '' gif '' ? heather it 's one of that little motor scooter , be not it ? violet I be sure he mean to write '' jiff , '' with a '' j '' -- '' back in a jiff . '' lily but he write '' gif . '' heather could Frank be dyslexic ? rose no. dyslexics be intelligent . violet handle a little leather - cover ball from the box . heather what 's that ? violet Frank 's bean-ball . heather he give you he bean-ball ? violet not exactly . this be a extra -- he think he have leave it here just in case he lose he other one . lily how thoughtful . rose that 's all Frank give you , a bean - ball ? 58 63. violet Relationships be not about present . rose they be not ? lily gosh , violet , you have really get to stop think about Frank . violet why ? I do not want to stop think about he . recently I have a think that cheer I up a lot : ...- life be like a long flow river and , as a long flow river , some debris you never expect to see again be almost certain to reappear , float to the surface ... Frank and I may very well be together again one day . maybe it ’1ll take many year but somewhere , down the line , he be very likely to pop up again -- and I all be there to catch he . int . xavier 's house -- night 58 great music play ; lot of candle provide flicker illumination . the camera snoops down the hallway to the kitchen , where there be a few dish leave from a dinner a deux , to the live room where lily and xavier smooch on the couch , they clothes undone . xavier slightly disentangle himself , enough to talk . xavier there 's something I wanna ... he stop . lily I be ready . xavier smile . xavier I do not think we have speak about this -- lily what ? xavier it 's nothing bad . have you ever be to the South of France -- for 64 . example , to the wall city of carcassonne . lily I have never be anywhere . xavier but you have see picture of it ? lily uh ... no , I do not think so . he show she a postcard of carcassonne . lily ( cont 'd ) it 's fascinating , I would like to visit it . xavier so you never study the cathar ? lily shake she head . xavier ( cont 'd ) they be a religious movement , very idealistic , locate mostly in the south of France , that the Catholic Church and the royal authority cruelly repress . the '' crusade '' be not direct solely against the Moslems , there be also one against the cathar . lily really ? why ? xavier cathar belief and way of life threaten the Catholic Church and the political authority of that time . catharism be brand a heresy and brutally repress . lily omigod , the Catholic Church be , like , always bad . xavier nod . xavier idea can not be kill as easily as people -- especially such enlighten one as the cathar hold . in recent year more and more people have return to they belief . lily so , you be a cathar ? 59 60 65 . xavier yes . I aspire to be . I be try to follow the path the cathar mark out . lily that 's so impressive . I can tell you -- we do not have any cathar back home . xavier I think you have be surprised . int . bathroom -- night 59 lily wash she hand , check herself in the mirror . int . xavier' house -- night 60 xavier go between the bedroom and live room lighting candle and rearranging thing , place a lotion near the bed , adjust the music . lily , come out , walk into xavier 's arm . xavier lead she to the bed where they continue kissing , finally come up for air . xavier cathar dissent radically from Catholic teach regard procreative sex -- lily I should hope so ! xavier in the cathar view the high form of love- make avoid procreation entirely . lily laugh , a little embarrassed : lily sure -- condom , right ? xavier well , accord to cathar idea , sex with condom be just a parody of the procreative act . a pause . lily what do you mean ? 61 62 63 66 . xavier the standard , cliche , form of sexual intercourse be for the man to ... approach the woman ... from '' the front . '' in cathar love- make -- which , I think you will find very fulfil -- it 's from the other side . lily from the other side ? xavier yes . xavier kiss she tenderly and continue in a near whisper . xavier ( cont 'd ) I all be very careful , we will go slowly . it will be a new experience for you but one which I think you will find bring a inexpressible closeness ... they continue kissing . ext . xavier' house -- night to day . 61 time lapse of the turn from night to morning , when xavier let lily out , give a last kiss . ext . residential STREET -- day 62 lily walk down the street , pensive , look somewhat uncomfortable , she gait odd . int . the corner bar -- night 63 title card Girls 's night out the girl have weekend - style cocktail -- drink that be pink . violet look around the bar . violet might you drink - buy friend be here ? it would be great to get some complimentary cocktail . lily Charlie ? no. lily , look around , shake she head . 67 . heather do you still see he at all ? lily yeah , he call from time to time . heather he do ? why do not you invite he over and introduce we ? lily smile . lily why should I introduce you ? heather well , because you know he -- and we do not . lily so? violet '' so ? '' '' so '' be probably the unkindest word in the English language . I can not bear it . it should be outlaw : '' so . '' lily you be crazy . heather come on , lily , you have xavier . you can not keep two guy for yourself . lily guy do that all the time . rose we be not '' guy , '' fortunately ... heather it 's unconscionable for you not to bring he around and introduce we . lily Charlie 's a friend . he 's a nice guy . rose what do you mean ? lily I just hate to think what would happen if one of you get she claw into he . 68 . rose that 's outrageous !... we be perfectly nice people . we have meet a lot of pathetic guy and nothing very bad 's happen . lily Charlie 's not pathetic . violet well all the better then ! ext . xavier' house -- evening lily approach the house . int . xavier 's house -- evening xavier come to the door and walk with she inside . xavier where be you ? gosh -- it 's late . lily I be get drink at the oak bar . xavier with whom ? lily just my roommate -- I have hardly see they lately . xavier you could have call . lily I be sorry . xavier it 's not like you . at all . I get takeout . I suppose I have better heat it up . he grab she and they kiss . xavier ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . I be just feel so ... well , you know . he smile . he pick up a bag and slip out a small amber cannister . 66 68 69 . xavier ( cont 'd ) I get this -- it 's suppose to be great . he hand lily the elegant bottle . lily what be it ? xavier a great lotion -- everyone swear by it . would you prefer dinner first ? lily nod . xavier ( cont 'd ) I have not be hurt you , have I ? lily shake she head . ext . xavier' house -- dawn 66 lily let herself out and walk down the path and then the sidewalk , she gait careful and pretty awkward . title card the ide of March -- beware int . coffee cottage -- day 68 from watch violet turn back to the other . heather the '' Roman holiday '' will be come soon . Rose groan . lily what 's that ? heather a festival Seven oak 's Roman - letter club put on . rose a kind of moron jamboree . violet I wish I could say the Roman holiday be a celebration of the best in classical learn , 70 . education , architecture , philosophy -- with poem in the style of juvenal and recreation of historic event such as cato 's defense at the bridge . but , ala , it 's -- rose a moron jamboree . violet the only Roman element will be worship of bacchus , beerus and blotto and it 's such a shame because it could all have be so uplift and improve . Charlie Walker , not wear a suit , enter the cafe . lily spot he . lily Charlie ! Charlie ! Charlie stop in he track and turn to she . lily ( cont 'd ) hey ! what be you do here ? Charlie pause for think . lily ( cont 'd ) have you the day off ? charlie uh , yes . lily this be my friend -- Charlie -- whom I think I have mention . Charlie , this be my roommate -- this be Rose , this be Heather and violet . Charlie work at Strategic development associate -- he 's a associate there . violet you work in Strategic development ? charlie you have hear of it ? violet of course , yes . my cousin jay in Philadelphia work in Strategic development . rose '' stra-tegic devel - op -ment ? '' what be that ? 71 . charlie well , in contradistinction to short - term or '' tactical development '' -- '' strategic development '' be plan for the long term . heather oh. rose something bus -i-ness related ? charlie mostly business , but any kind of organization . lily but only business pay the big buck . charlie actually , non-profits and government pay well too . rose I suppose that 's how they keep from have profit -- by pay lot of money to company like yours . violet Excuse I -- be not you in Professor Ryan 's course at the Ed School ? charlie uh , no . violet you be not in Professor Ryan 's '' flit lit '' course ? charlie no . lily '' flit lit ? '' violet the dandy tradition in literature -- ( to Charlie ) I be sure I have see you there . charlie I be sorry -- I be not in any course at the Ed School . ( to the group ) well , it be good to meet you . 72 . ( to lily ) great to see you . Charlie head off . lily bye !... God , violet , what be that about ? violet that guy 's definitely in Professor Ryan 's class . lily that 's not possible -- he 's get a full - time job at Strategic development associate . rose he never get he coffee . the girl consider this significant detail . lily why would he lie about something like that ? violet he 's lie . I find that ... very attractive . violet keep look intently in Charlie 's direction . heather what be you go to do ? violet I be go to stop cut Professor Ryan 's class . close on : a girl 's hand writing course note -- 69 int . lecture hall -- day 69 violet listen intently to prof . Ryan , take note : prof . ryan it can be argue that firbank be too little discipline , too unserious in he unseriousness to create work of endure value . but as a liberate influence on later writer such as Waugh , he importance should not be discount . it 's not firbank 's work itself but the idea of he work that so help later writer -- 73 . as Thomas Love peacock do in the previous century . while prof . Ryan speak violet , perch high in the amphitheater , look around . she catch a glimpse of someone resembling Charlie , but in drab campus wear , slouched down among friend , he face not visible . 70 ext . lecture hall -- day 70 the charlie-type hurry off with he friend as if oblivious to violet 's presence . friend # 2 so do you finish it ? fred firbank just be not good .. friend # 2 I think he 's funny . violet Charlie ! Charlie ! Charlie look back ; so do he friend . friend # 1 '' Charlie ? '' violet catch up to they . violet Charlie ! you be take the course . Charlie look awkward . friend # 2 laugh . friend # 2 '' Charlie ? '' who 's '' Charlie ? '' friend # 1 uh , Fred , what 's go on ? violet Fred ? friend # 2 uh-oh Fred , sound like you have get some ' splainin’ to do . 71 int . coffee cottage - day 71 violet and Charlie sit at a table . 74 . violet well , you be lie . charlie / fred I be not lie . I be make it up . violet why be you make it up ? charlie ( look around , whisper ) if you be a eighth year Ed School student , would you advertise that ? violet eighth year , impressive . but you whole life be a lie -- dress up in suit , buy people drink ? charlie no , the suit -- be real . the drink -- real . and I be not just buy drink for '' people '' -- they be for cute girl : there be a perfectly rational , logical , easily - explainable agenda . violet so it be a playboy or oper - a- tor move ? charlie of course . transparently so . violet I admire that -- drink be expensive . but '' Strategic development '' -- that be make up too ? charlie I think you say you cousin jay be work in it . violet what cousin jay ? charlie cousin jay in Philadelphia . violet oh . I do not have any cousin in Philadelphia . 75 . charlie you say you cousin jay in Philadelphia be work in Strategic development . violet I be just say that to be friendly -- to make a kind of link ... so you name 's Fred something ? charlie yes , Fred something . violet what 's you name ? charlie you really want to know ? violet nod . charlie ( cont ’d ) why ? 72 int . girl room -- night 72 violet with the other , study but also talk . rose packenstacker ? lily omigod , how crazy . he 's completely insane -- and I almost date he . heather you can say that about a lot of guy . violet I do not think he 's crazy . lily make up a entirely fictitious identity ? that 's not crazy ? it 's insane , psycho , weird ... heather violet 's identity be make up . I do not think she 's crazy . violet no , I be . 76 . lily this be different . it 's pathetic ... all that about '' strategic development '' he just make up -- do not tell I that 's not weird . heather I be sure I have hear of '' Strategic development '' -- I think it 's something pretty important . lily omigod , violet you be not go to start go out with he ? ( watch she face ) you be not , be you ? violet well , we have plan to go to the library ... lily not to the stack , I hope . violet nod . violet yes . lily omigosh , do you realize how dangerous that be ? violet dangerous ? lily yes . the stack -- they be dark and desert . anything could happen . rose it 's true . with the study habit prevaile at Seven oak , you body might not be find until spring . lily promise you will not go with he into the stack . please . violet okay , I 'il suggest the randall room . rose do not suggest . insist . 73 77 . lily and please not at night . violet okay . int . randall reading room , library -- day 73 at a table in the elegant '' randall reading room . '' violet ( 0.s. ) what be you read ? Fred show she - a book of walter pater 's . violet ( cont 'd ) have you choose a topic for you final paper ? fred uh , '' the decline of decadence . '' violet you think decadence have decline ? fred definitely . Big time . Major , Major decline . violet how ? fred '' how '' or '' in what way ? '' violet shrug and shake she head . violet either . fred okay , take the flit movement in literature , or homosexuality : it 's go completely downhill . right down the tube . he make the sound : '' whchht . '' violet what do you mean ? fred before , homosexuality be something refine , hide , sublimate , aspire to the high level of creativity and expression and often 78 . achieve they . now it just seem to be a lot of muscle - bound moron run around in t-shirt . violet look a little shocked . fred ( cont ’d ) it 's pretty disillusion . violet pause in think for a long moment violet be you gay ? fred not especially but in another era , it might of have some appeal . now , I just do not see the point . violet I think you might be romanticize the past . fred we will never know . the past be ... go -- so we might as well romanticize it . violet hunh . you could be right . fred I want to ask , how 's lily ? violet lily ? fred yeah . violet she 's okay . 74 ext . quadrangle -- day 74 lily walk look thoughtful . 75 ext . town STREET -- day 75 just off campus a tall , thin fresh - face California - type pamphlet guy stand in the sidewalk as lily approach . pamphlet guy here , check it out a.l.a. no ?.. hello ! good afternoon ! 79 . lily hi. pamphlet guy check it out . the a.l.a. , have you hear of it ? we have a meeting on Tuesday - you should come by . lily politely take the brochure he hand she . lily what 's the '' a.l.a . " ? she examine the text more closely . lily ( cont 'd ) oh ! pamphlet guy just join we -- come Tuesday . I think you will really like it ... a.l.a ! 76 int . xavier 's house -- night 76 xavier , with lily that evening , put the brochure down , he tone exasperate . lily so , a fellow be pass this out on the street and invite we to a meeting on Tuesday . xavier the '' a.l.a . '' -- oh my god. lily I think it be something related . xavier you be kid . lily , small voice , intimidate : lily no. xavier '' the a.l.a. ? '' '' the anal Love Association ? '' what do we have to do with that ? lily look down at the brochure again . 77 78 80 . xavier ( cont 'd ) you have not understand any of what we have talk about ? lily talk about ?... xavier the a.l.a. have nothing to do with we . can not you see that ? xavier sigh heavily and walk away , then return . xavier ( cont 'd ) the way we express love have meaning , it 's in the context of something beautiful . we be follow we creator 's teach , aspire to a ideal -- a beautiful one that bring a inexpressible closeness , not just to each other , but to -- he grab the brochure . xavier ( cont 'd ) for the a.l.a. and that like they , the love - act be just hedonistic pleasure - seek , of a pervert nature -- there be word for people like that ...! I can not believe you would think we have anything in common with they . we do not , nothing , not a iota . lily stare back at he . ext . xavier' house -- night 77 lily be out the door and head down the walkway , xavier come out after she . xavier lily ! lily ! come back ! please , do not be that way ! ext . town STREET -- night 78 later , beyond xavier 's neighborhood , on lily as she walk . title card the Lone Star -- saloon & dance Hall 79 80 81 . int . lone STAR - night 79 Close on : foot during a line dance , lot of boot and heavy footwear -- just a couple pair of light '' repetto '' slipper amidst all the clomping . a wider view -- violet , Rose , Heather , jimbo , Fred amidst more '' western '' dancer : jimbo keen on a reserve Rose , violet with Fred . across the room , lily enter look sad . from the sideline she watch the dancer . after a bit , the other notice she , violet wave for she to join they . lily shake she head and dodge they look . finally , violet break away from the line . violet omigosh , lily , be you okay ? lily shake she head . lily it 's okay . violet you do not want to talk about it ? lily , still silent , nod . int . lone STAR , bar area - night 80 the group be cluster at the far end of the bar as a less dance -able , sad and poignant western ballad play . jimbo but ... I do not understand . rose you do not understand what ? jimbo what be ' non - procreative love - make ? 's violet well , it could be a lot of thing . jimbo uh , yeah -- but in this case ? fred we do not have to talk about this -- lily no , I do not mind . jimbo could somebody just explain to I what this be all about ? 82 . violet well , what it be be ... uh -- lily because cathar do not believe in procreative sex , they do not have intercourse the usual way . jimbo the usual way ? a brief , awkward pause . fred you do not have to talk about this . lily no , it 's okay . yes , the normal way , from the front -- where you can have procreation -- not from the other side ... where you can not . a light go on in jimbo 's head . jimbo the other side ... that 's they religion ? lily not exactly but that 's the direction they belief head in -- when they want to express love , that 's what they do . jimbo and you like that ? fred come on . lily it get pretty uncomfortable . jimbo so , it start out comfortable and get uncomfortable later ? fred man ! do we have to talk about this . lily I do not know . jimbo how horrible . you poor girl . 81 82 83 heather what ? jimbo that 's terrible . what he oblige lily to do . rose you know , some people like that . int . lone STAR - night 83. 81 Frank with thor and other from the d.u. stand with brewsky watch the dancer and look clueless . Frank catch sight of violet and walk toward she . int . lone STAR , bar area - night Frank come up behind violet . frank violet . can we talk ? violet turn -- they all do . int . lone STAR , booth area - night a group vacate a booth and violet and Frank slip in . at the bar , look critically in they direction . for Frank be tongue-ty , mostly look down . frank you must be pretty mad at I . violet no. frank you be not ? violet shake she head . violet not really . frank but it be so terrible , how everything happen -- you walk in on we . violet shrug . violet maybe it 's easier that way . 82 83 Rose , a time 84 . Frank look down and go silent . frank that bitch ! he look down again . violet wait for elaboration but there be none . frank ( cont 'd ) I can not believe it . what a bitch . that bitch ! violet priss ? frank of course priss ! what a bitch . oh , man ... that whole thing -- ( imita tes priss ) '' I be so stress , sad , depressed . I be so tired . ' I be fatigue . '' that 's what she say . she could not sleep or something . she be so depressed she have to get everything she own way -- ( mimick she ) " I be so stress -- frantic ! " man ! what. A. bitch ! violet priss dumped you ? frank no . it be mutual . Frank go silent again , then remember something . frank ( cont 'd ) listen , I have a question , do you remember that bean ball I leave in you room ? violet nod . violet yeah . frank do you still have it ? violet yeah . frank do you think I could get it back ? I lose the other one and with everything that 's happen , I would really like to have it . 84 85 86 85 . violet ( cheerfully ) nothing like some bean ball after a break up ! frank yeah . God you be smart . you always get it . whatever I say , you understand . man ! int . lone STAR , dance floor -- shortly later 84 violet walk back to the dance floor and rejoin the dancer . Fred and lily already seem uncomfortably close . int . lone STAR , bar area - night 85 thor , hold a brewski , approach Heather . thor hey , Heather . heather hey . thor hey . heather hey . thor hey . heather ( with a flirt lilt ) hey . thor hey . thor smile and make a fist , lightly touch it to Heather 's shoulder . int . lone STAR , dance floor -- shortly after 86 the dance group continue to dance , violet somewhat isolate . the flirt and closeness between Fred and lily become difficult for she to bear . violet abruptly leave the line and head for the door . Fred , see she go , stop . 87 89 90 86 . ext . lone STAR -- night 87 violet stalk out and head at a fast pace towards the university . Fred come out and catch up to she . fred violet , what 's wrong ? she will not say anything and just keep walk . fred ( cont ’d ) violet , please , stop ! violet I be sorry ... lily be lovely . I can understand why you would be attract to she . now she 's free . go. I understand . violet turn and run off ; Fred remain look after she . fade to black . title card Roman holiday ominous , sententious music such as ' thus spake zarathustra . 's ext . d.u. clubhouse garden - day 89 late afternoon Roman holiday party scene at the d.u. -- toga , towel and sheet - clad '' Roman '' booze it up while bad rock blare . the courtyard have be set up as a coliseum -- a inebriated , semi-dress gladiator with a rubber sword stagger forward and , spout idiot Latin , charge a Golden Lab disguise as a lion : gladiator aunque utque ! Latin ! et ... cetera ! charge , the gladiator fall on he face before reach the dog who lick he face . rose ( 0.s. ) this be what come from not teach Latin in the school ! ext . adjacent lawn -- day 90 the girl ( minus lily ) , elegantly dress in plausibly Roman style , watch . violet , though still sad , comment indulgently . violet yah , it 's moronic and boorish , but also kind of fun , do not you think ? 91 92 93 94 87 . rose no . they look back as a roar rise from the d.u. crowd . ext . d.u. clubhouse - day 91 a chariot race have begin , predominantly razor scooter and skate board . as the course extend outside the courtyard , the '' lion '' take off . rose ( on & off ) the art and think of the classical age be the glory of civilization . this be nothing but moronic fraternity high jinx -- not improve or uplift in the least . there be some smash -up as the race descend into a spectacle of drunkenness and hopeless chaos . ext . adjacent lawn -- day 92 suddenly Rose look faint and gasp , place she hand over she face . rose oh no -- what 's that ... stench ?! Rose gag as if about to wretch . from the girl 's right come another roar ; they turn to see : ext . doar dorm -- day 93 a horde of '' barbarian '' charge from doar dorm with animalistic shout and call , they dress and demeanor filthy and frightening , like something out of braveheart though in college wear . the barbarian rush the short distance to the du grounds . immediately a full melee break out . ext . adjacent lawn -- day 94 violet I suppose this be what happen when decadence rot society from within- - heather and from with out . 940 a 95 96 88. violet and not the interesting decadence of former time but the moronic kind you get today . she nod toward the on-go melee . violet ( cont 'd ) such a society be , I fear , destine to fail and be overrun . Rose , hand over she nose , wince from the barbarian smell : rose maybe that 's good . they watch more melee as the scene fade , the fight sound and wail of wounded Roman continue over black . fade up on graphic : '' complainer '' headline : fraternity banned ! ext . alley adjacent complainer office -- day 94b Rick stride with he posse . rick finally ! it 's about time that cesspool be drain ! ext . d.u. clubhouse - day 95 a subdued thor , Frank and they d.u. brother bring out furniture include a strange hippie beanbag armchair which could be violet , lavender , mauve or purple in color . thor what color would you say that chair be ? frank that 's a chair ? I have no idea . int . girl 's room -- day 96 Rose and Heather study ; violet fretfully look over lily 's well - make bed and order desk . violet guy have they preference . heather you be just go to accept that ? you be not go to do anything ? violet there 's nothing to be do . Fred must know he own mind . rose oh really ? I seriously doubt that . violet come on , lily 's get that slender , delicately swell , blossoming beauty no man can resist . rose okay , you be probably right . violet poor lily . think of all xavier put she through . a pause for think . violet ( cont 'd ) he just use she body -- and not even the right side . heather have you ever notice that good and moral people tend to have large posterior . not everyone , by any mean -- and I know it 's not logical -- but it do seem to I true . rose the genetic link between morality and large posterior ? yes , I think that 's well know . heather you and violet have that build -- it 's nice , you be still very attractive -- but be also sensible and moralistic . I do not . I have narrow hip , but also no very strong principle . there 's a knock on the door . violet yes ? violet go to the door , glance through the peephole before open it . 90 . violet ( cont 'd ) oh , hi. Frank stroll in . heather hi , Frank . frank hi , Heather -- wow. ( to lily ) I guess you guy all hear -- the university be close all the Roman - letter house . violet I be sorry -- it 's terrible . this year 's Roman holiday do seem like the end of civilization -- but even when civilization end , people be go to need a place to stay . frank man , it 's bad . it 's that bastard from the complainer . apparently someone from the administration have be read it -- hard to believe . bastard ! listen , we be wonder , if you think it have be okay if we stay at the suicide Center until we find somewhere else to go ? violet look to the other . violet okay , sure -- that sound like a good stopgap measure . frank thank you , thank you .... there be , uh , one more thing -- you remember that bean ball we talk about ? violet yes . frank do you think I could pick that up ? after everything that 's happen , I could really use it right now . violet yes . violet go to find it , Frank follow . as she open the box , he notice the note in he handwrite . 91 . frank what 's that ? violet what ? frank that note . violet oh . one get so few thing write by hand anymore , I guess I keep it ... frank hunh . Frank pick up the note and read it aloud . frank ( cont 'd ) " out for brewsky - back in a gif " [ hard '' g '' ] . what 's a '' gif ? '' the scooter , like a vespa , right ? heather that 's what I think . frank I be think of get one . Frank look to Heather with appreciation . violet you must have mean '' jiff . '' '' back in a jiff '' and then misspel it , or spell it in a non-standard way . frank oh , yeah . not a good speller . Frank throw the bean ball up in the air and catch it rather skillfully . frank ( cont 'd ) thanks ! you be great . priss be such a bitch ... damn ! damn ! ( leave ) hey , Heather -- bye. ( to Rose ) bye . heather & rose bye . violet step out in the hall with Frank who corner she . 96 a 92 . frank wow , Heather be really cute . she 's like , really attractive . be she , uh , go out with anyone ? violet I think there might be something between she and thor . frank thor ! damn . Heather and thor ? damn . damn ! title card the Ed School -- '' Robertson Hall '' 102 ext . quadrangle -- day 96a Rose walk with violet who 's obviously quite upset and overwrought . violet I can not bear this tension with lily . it 's terrible to have the group divide this way . Rose look up and guide violet away from the path alongside Robertson Hall . rose better not next to Robertson . violet what ? rose do not you hear ? suicidal Ed School student have be go up to the roof and throw themselves off . violet but , it 's only two storey -- rose yes , I know , it 's terrible -- not high enough to kill but high enough to maim , and particularly dangerous for anyone below . they head down the central path -- a safe distance away . violet I have get to forget about Fred . rose but you really like he . 93. violet this whole thing of a person meeting someone else first : it 's so arbitrary , it 's terrible and cruel - she look to Rose for support but only get a blank look . violet ( cont 'd ) -- especially when that selection by '' priority '' be the opposite of how thing ought to be . rose I have to say , I be wrong about Fred . I think he be a playboy or oper - a- tor type . in fact , he 's just another guy render helpless by the attention of a pretty girl . they be interrupt by a commotion , shout , from nearby Robertson Hall and a young woman follow a young man across its roof . ed school girl cary ! cary ! no ! do not ! I love you ! the young man look over the balustrade and as the girl approach , jump -- out of frame . Close on Rose and violet watch : the sound of a slight '' thud '' in the distance , then a sharp squeal of pain . ed school guy ( 0.s. ) owwwww ! owwwwww ! ed school girl why do you do that ? carry , I love you ! Rose and violet resume walk . rose be not the Ed School essentially a teacher 's college ? violet yeah . rose what concern I be , if they can not even destroy themselves , how be they go to teach America 's youth ? 94 , title card thor 97 int . girl 's room -- night 97 it 's quiet , the light off : violet , Rose and Heather in they bunk . heather I be really worried about thor ... it 's hard for we to imagine how upsetting it be not know what the color be . rose in fact it 's impossible for I to imagine . heather when thor see a rainbow -- it 's only so much gibberish to he . there be one this afternoon : omigosh he take it hard . recently there be a parade in the city where the marcher carry rainbow - color flag and banner --- thor be so upset : he say he have no idea what it mean -- rose what kind of retard be he ? heather see , that 's the conclusion people immediately jump to . violet well , it 's somewhat understandable . heather not if you know the full story . rose what 's the full story ? heather you know how parent love brag about how precocious they child be ? thor 's parent have become precocity - addict : constantly need a ever-greater precocity '' fix . '' when he should have enter kindergarten , they instead push he into first grade . '' oh , thor skip a grade , '' they could tell they friend , most of whom be terrible precocity - addict too . 95 . rose ( suddenly alarmed ) what 's this all about ? heather what thor 's parent fail to consider be the enormously important academic work do in nursery school -- key be the study of color , which in thor 's case be -- a complete blank . can you imagine ?... I do not want to be too critical of thor 's parent . I suppose they just assume that color be the sort of knowledge people pick up along the way -- like , for example not step on sidewalk crack . there 's a odd sound . heather ( cont 'd ) what 's that ? violet ( whisper ) I think Rose 's sleep . a silence , except for the sound of Rose 's breathe . heather be I boring ? violet no , not at all . when you have problem yourself , it 's great to hear someone else 's truly idiotic one . please go on . a shocked pause . heather wow . violet what ? heather when you say that about depressed people be mean , you be not joke . violet I be sorry -- you be right . please go on . heather no. 96 . violet I be sorry . you know how I be . please continue . on Heather 's face as she struggle with she resentment . heather thor decide he absolutely have to learn all the color , both primary and mix . he 's be hit the book really hard and think he have finally master they . then in town today he say '' that traffic light 's blue . '' I have to say , no , it 's green . he be really upset . he would be so sure it be blue . violet the traffic light in town be sort of blue . heather this be a green light -- '' cross at the green , not in - between . '' violet yah , we call they '' green '' but they be actually more bluish . heather '' bluish '' but still green . violet no , they can be blue . I know it sound strange but -- heather huhn . I do not know about that . frankly , it 's hard to believe . anyway , we continue walk and a naval officer pass we . thor blurt out , a bit aggressively , '' he uniform 's black . '' I have to correct he . navy uniform be blue , '' navy blue '' -- that 's why they be call that way . omigosh , he be upset ! it be as if he be go to cry . Rose awake , a little alarmed . violet you know , actually , that 's true : navy uniform be black . heather they be navy blue . that 's the color 's name . 97 . violet no , by mistake the navy receive a huge shipment of fabric that be black , not blue . so as not to waste it they decide to sew gold braid on and use it -- and find that everyone assume it be blue , navy blue , when it be in fact black . heather still ? navy uniform be still black ? violet yes -- I believe so . in the dark Heather get out of bed and start look around for she clothes and dress . violet ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong ? heather I have get to tell thor ! there 's no tell what he might do ! the door open and someone enter from outside . heather ( cont ’d ) who 's that ? lily it 's I . violet oh , hi , lily . lily hi. violet we be worried about you . lily why ? 98 int . suicide CENTER -- day 98 violet , Rose , Heather and other volunteer pack bar of the '' wonder '' soap in oval cardboard packet . behind they displace du member , sleep bag lie around , lounge , play with bean ball , etc. 98 . heather it 's get to look like a homeless shelter in here . violet this guy be not really '' homeless '' -- they lose they fraternity house . it have be better to call they '' house - less . '' heather okay . it 's get to look like a house - less shelter then . violet turn to some of the d.u. refugee . violet hey , could you guy help ?! Frank and another approach . ( thor , in the background , climb back in he sleep bag , depressed and deject . ) frank sure , what 's up ? violet we need help pack this soap which we will then distribute to doar dorm resident . frank cool . violet what would you say be the most effective mean to fight depression ? Frank be completely stump . his d.u. brother listen in , make face . violet ( cont 'd ) maybe some of you d.u. brother have a idea . the d.u. guy think . du guy uh , beer ? frank no -- beer 's a downer . cocktail -- hard liquor , '' spirit '' -- be what really give you a lift . violet it 's interesting what you say . my cousin jay 's a medical officer in 99 , Philadelphia : he say alcoholism -- by which I mean chronic , excessive consumption of alcohol -- be the primary self - administer treatment for depression . du guy cool . violet no . ultimately it leave you much worse off than before . du guy oh no , not I . I just boot , and then feel fine . violet by '' boot , '' do you mean '' vomit ? '' du guy yes . violet no , none of the effective anti - suicide treatment involve vomit . d.u. guy think . du guy hunh .... a treatment for depression that do not involve vomit ... frank uh -- hygiene ? violet exactly . it 's very important . that 's why we have such hope in the wonder bar . do you know its scent ? they shake they head . violet cup in the palm of she hand and offer it up to they . they inhale deeply -- and be ( somewhat ) transport . frank wow . du_ guy it 's guu -- uud . violet transformative , we think . heather this be so exciting . -- it 's really great , be not it . 100 100 . on Rose 's skeptical visage as she listen : heather ( cont ’d ) I can just see that guy open the package , take out the soap , smell it and then excitedly go to wash themselves . for they finally to be clean , free from that horrible acrid smell , how different the world might look to they . violet yes . violet , look around , notice thor lie prostrate in he sleep bag , he head bury in he arm . violet ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong with thor ? frank I do not know -- he ask I about the weather . when I tell he it look '' very gray , '' he look around -- and seem really upset . thor lie with he head bury under he arm . heather I better go to he . Heather head toward where thor be . frank thor 's get so work up over this color business . my God , it 's weird ! do not we all learn that stuff in kindergarten ?! int . girl 's room / hall -- night 100 violet study at she desk , then get up as if take a break . as she walk there 's a distinct clack sound . she 's wear tap shoe , walk delicately so as not to make too much noise . but the '' clack '' be still pretty notable . she head down the hall toward the bathroom -- suddenly a hall door swing open and mad madge lean out . mad madge what do you think you be do ?! violet go to the bathroom . mad madge make a racket like that ? 101 . violet I be sorry , do I disturb you ? mad madge what do you think ? why be you wear tap shoe -- be you out of you mind ? violet yes , I think that 's clear . quite a few other stick they head out . mad madge oh , I be so sick of that . positive polly oh , really ? I think it 's cute . madge give polly a dirty look . mad madge since you will not be treat we to one of you hilariously incompetent tap routine , why do not you take that thing off ? violet no , we will do the routine ... Rose ! violet hurry back toward the room , no longer try to soften she clack : violet ( cont 'd ) madge want to see the routine ! mad madge no -- Rose retreat within the room to put the music on . mad madge ( cont 'd ) -- I do not want to see you absurd routine -- I ask you to take that thing off ! positive polly please madge , please , we need a break -- violet just briefly , please , it 's helpful to have a audience -- Rose , the music . madge I be go to report you ! 101 102 . '' thing be look up '' blast from the stereo . violet begin she dance down the hall -- it 's joyous and amazing . Rose appear , with tap on , and join in . mad madge slam she door . as violet and Rose tap up and down the hall and stair , they hall mate enjoy the spectacle . int . mr. black seminar - day 101 the seminar classroom of the wise and elegant charle black -- the student respond to one of he question . mr . black susanne ? coed for I it would be , Madame curie , Simone de beauvoir and , Margaret sanger . mr . black good. violet ? violet I would say : Richard straus , roderick Charleston and ... chubbert checker . mr . black ( pronounce ) '' rickard '' straus , the composer ? violet yes -- that be one of he post . mr . black I be not familiar with the other -- could you tell we who they be and what link they ? violet yes . violet swivel slightly to include the other student , speak slowly for they benefit . violet ( cont 'd ) each one of this man start a international dance craze -- '' rickard '' straus , the waltz ; roderick Charleston , the Charleston , and chubbert checker , better know as '' chubby '' , the dance we know as the twist . 103 103 . mr . black ( smile ) why do you consider start a dance craze so important ? violet ( surprised ) dance craze enhance and elevate the human experience , bring together million of people ina joyous celebration of we god-given faculty and pass this delightful mode of physical expression down through the generation -- though not so much any more . a pause . mr . black I think -- well , I guess I assume that '' the Charleston '' be name after the city of Charleston , South Carolina . violet maintain a study and level expression . violet no ... though that misconception be quite widely hold . it be roderick Charleston . usually behind some great creative phenomenon be a person , not a town . int . suicide CENTER -- day 103 freak and violet practice a song and dance version of '' thing be look up , '' the chorus dance behind : violet ( sing ) oh thing be look up , since love look up at I ! priss pop into the room and stand by observe . Debbie , in the chorus , notice priss and stop , as do other . debbie priss ! priss hi deb . freak break ! freak stalk off ; priss approach violet hesitantly . 104 . priss violet , I be so sorry ... you must hate I . I know what I do be wrong -- but , if thing end so easily between you and Frank , be not it best that they do so ? be not it better to break with someone so unreliable ? violet what ? priss what I be say be , I know now I should never have get involved with anyone . I be still on the rebound from josh . but , inadvertently , I do something that you must acknowledge as positive . be not you much better off be rid of a ... numbskull like that ? debbie priss , come on -- do not apologize to she ! of course what you do be right . priss I know it sound crazy , but if I do help you disentangle from Frank , be not that for the best ? Frank be unworthy of you , violet -- you must know that . let 's be honest , he 's a idiot , a moron . how would it have be , you whole life attach to a dope like that ? frank ( 0.s. ) priss ? priss turn . Frank , with some du guy behind he , stand with a crush look on he face . frank ( cont 'd ) how can you say something like that , priss ? I be not a ... moron . I ... love you . priss well that be not very bright of you , be it ? I be clearly on the rebound . 104 int . dine hall -- day 104 tight on lily eat , widen on the whole group have breakfast . violet seem somewhat sad , Heather a bit high . 105 . heather this be so exciting -- when should we go over there ? rose I do not think there 's any rush . heather no , I would like to go as soon as possible . doar dorm have the university 's high fatality rate , as well as the worst hygiene . this could really change thing . lily the high suicide rate ? violet no , the high fatality rate -- it 's not certain what percentage be intentional and how many just due to a temporary unawareness of gravity 's law . heather I can just see that guy get the little gold package , open they and find the terrifically good -smell soap inside . despite they habitual reticence toward hygiene , the wonderful scent and cute package should prove irresistible . and , once clean , they 'il start to see the world with new eye . the change could be dramatic . doar dorm could soon become -- '' dior dorm . '' rose I doubt that , to be perfectly , absolutely honest . violet no , I love the idea -- dior dorm . I adore optimism , even when completely absurd , perhaps especially then . heather great ! ready ? let 's go . 105 ext . quadrangle -- day 105 the girl walk in the direction of doar dorm , Heather slightly ahead . 106 106 . heather let 's hurry . she start to jog -- violet catch up to she . violet let 's not let we hope up get too high , Heather . heather no , you say yourself -- the wonder bar be transformative . Fred , walk the other way , spot they . fred hey , violet ! Fred fall in with they . fred ( cont ’d ) hi . where be you go ? violet be a little nervous and tongue-ty . violet doar dorm . lily Fred ! hi! lily run up to fall in by Fred just as they turn the corner and see : outside doar dorm and pour out of its door doar dorm guy and a few doar dorm '' woman '' throw small oval disc back and forth in a enormous frisbee - like free for all . one of the disc fall at violet 's foot : it 's the oval package they use for the wonder bar , never open . the girl look to each other , appal . two guy jump for the same disc , bashing into each other , one drop like a stone as if dead . heather oh , no . violet omigod . ext . quadrangle -- day 106 the group walk back from doar dorm , Heather upset . lily I guess it be not realistic to expect doar dorm to turn into '' dior dorm '' overnight . 107 . heather they would not even open they : they say without the soap , the disc would not fly properly . Rose turn to Fred . rose be you come Friday ? violet be launching she dance craze at the Lone Star . Fred 's impressed . fred really ? that 's great . what 's the dance ? rose the '' sambola '' -- the Devil 's dance . fred cool . ( to lily ) we will go , right ? lily yes , I have like to but I have several papers to finish . but I have like to ... 108 int . dorm bathroom -- night 108 violet and Rose beginning they evening ablution . rose I be beginning to learn thing about myself . I be actually a really poor judge of character -- violet no - — rose no , I be . a terrible excess of opinion distort my judgement . I be completely wrong about he , he 's not a playboy or oper - a- tor type at all . he 's a loser . violet I be the biggest loser of anyone ... first semester , " forget Frank . " second semester , " forget Fred . " rose have you forget he ? 109 108 . violet , eye water , shake she head '' no . '' rose ( cont 'd ) I do not think you should give up on he . Rose spit the toothpaste into the sink . rose ( cont 'd ) one think reassure I : we stupidity must be part of God 's Divine plan . he must have make we stupid for a reason . violet because he want we to have kid ? '' be fruitful and multiply . '' rose yes. probably . title card the Lone Star -- debut of the '' samboloa '' dance craze int . lone STAR -- night 109 violet , sharply dress , complete a music check with the manager gus near the dance area , then go to Rose at the bar where cocktail have just be serve . violet give a worried look around the sparsely populate bar . violet it 's great ! thanks , gus. ( to Rose ) I do not see how we be go to start a dance craze if no guy show up . rose most guy be not very good at the dance craze thing anyway . violet yeah , but still ... Heather enter , out of breath , dress for the dance but otherwise preoccupy . heather very good news ! I be just at my procrastination seminar and the two guy from doar dorm -- have shower . it be pretty clear they have use soap -- omigosh , what a 109 . difference ! it seem they have be throw the package so energetically a soap bar fall out -- the unfamiliar , ivory - like object intrigue they . one thing lead to another and -- well , it be just as you say . be not that great ? violet and Rose nod . violet take a few step , look around . violet oh look , here 's jimbo . jimbo where be everybody ? violet this be pretty bad . 110 int . the oak bar -- night 110 lily and Fred study and talk at one of the bar 's corner booth . Fred check he watch . fred be not we go to be late for violet 's dance craze ? lily you want to go to that ? fred yeah . lily you be kid . fred no . I love dance craze . lily gosh , you be strange ... fred be not we already late ? lily no , it 's later on , like 10 I think ... I have to confess I have start lose patience with violet . Depression call for serious treatment -- medication , psycho- pharmaceutical , talk therapy -- 110 . fred but be that approach really so effective ? despite all the medication and therapy , Ed School student be still throw themselves off Robertson Hall . violet 's idea might seem a little off - beat -- lily a little off -beat ! omigod . I do not know how much you know about violet but there 's some pretty weird stuff . '' violet , '' '' violet wister '' be not even she real name . fred it be not ? lily no. it 's '' Emily tweeter . '' apparently when she be eleven year old she go completely crazy and have have several relapse since , so it 's a little worrisome to have she counsel nearly suicidal individual - fred I can not believe it . lily what ? fred '' Emily tweeter '' -- in first grade I have a enormous crush on a girl with that name . lily you remember that ? fred yeah . it be pretty huge , Dr. Zhivago stuff . any idea or even mention of she fill I with emotion . admittedly I have a very strange perspective on the world then ; I do not think my brain be fully form or function properly -- everything be a bit of a dream . then a bizarre thing happen . I be tear about whether to shout my passion from the roof top or keep it secret . ina sort of compromise I write Emily 's name , in crayon , on a scrap of paper , then carefully hide it in my 111 . bookcase where no one else could possibly find it . so , my secret be express but , ostensibly , safe -- I would no idea of the weird and inexplicable event that would follow . lily look a little worried . lily what ? fred two year afterwards I be walk up the street a couple of block from my house when I spot a slip of paper lie , face up , on the sidewalk near someone 's trash -- the name '' Emily tweeter '' write on it in crayon in my own child - like handwrite . he stare into lily 's eye with a expression of total bafflement and candor . fred ( cont ’d ) it be completely , utterly weird . how could my secret , so well hide , come to land on the sidewalk of Henderson drive ? lily try to help he . lily could , uh -- fred no . I have think long and hard about it -- there 's no rational explanation . this be my first encounter with the bizarre and inexplicable . when I later learn about the bermuda triangle and other such mysterious phenomenon , I know it be probably all true as I would have this early brush with the uncanny . from a very young age it become clear to I that rationalism cannot explain life 's deep mystery . lily and you think this girl be violet ? fred I have to say I do not recognize she . she be very young then . do you have any idea if violet might 111 112 . have attend willamette montessori ? lily in Portland ? Fred nod . the barman arrive with a tray of cocktail -- much to they surprise . fred we do not order this . barman compliment of the guy at the bar . lily and Fred look toward the bar -- xavier , wear a suit , nod to they . int . the corner bar -- night 111 shortly after , xavier be with they in the booth . xavier +.. it be so brutal how it end between we . I know I be too angry and a bit , crazy but I think what we have be stronger than that . that you would not just walk away after one disagreement . with all we have be through , could not you have just forgiven I ... lily say nothing for a few moment . lily it be not just that ... xavier oh , you mean , my cathar belief ? lily nod . xavier be a little emotional . xavier ( cont 'd ) well , I be no longer a cathar . lily how 's that possible ? xavier it 's be very difficult . fred you have entirely drop you adherence to the cathar faith ? xavier yes . I have . 112 113 113. fred good . normally I would be reluctant to comment on anyone 's religion ... xavier what ? fred I be sorry , I guess I be a bit of a bigot -- I could never take seriously a religion that worship on tuesday . all the major religion require worship on the weekend -- Friday , Saturday or Sunday . I find it really laudatory that people should sacrifice they weekend time to worship God ... he check he watch . xavier have sabbath on Tuesday always seem very bizarre to I . it be not right . fred we would better get to the Lone Star -- lily why be you so concerned about that ? fred it 's not as if international dance craze start every day . ext . town STREET -- nigh 112 Fred , lily and xavier hurry down the sidewalk -- semi- jogging . fred we better hurry . they pick up the pace . lily seem a little less keen on get to they destination -- ext . lone STAR -- night 113 the three approach the Lone Star , just as Rose , Heather , violet and jimbo come out look downcast . fred what 's wrong ? 114 115 114 . violet another fiasco . int . girl room -- night 114 all four be in bed in the dark . violet sometimes we struggle remind I of the myth of sisyphus . heather who ? violet the myth about the guy who push a enormous rock up a hill , only to have it keep roll back down again . heather oh yeah . what a knucklehead . the important thing to remember be that he be mythical -- he never really exist . lily violet , do you spend any part of you education at a school call willamette montessori ? violet in Oregon ? why ? int . coffee cottage -- day 115 thor , jimbo , and the girl huddle inside on a drab day ; they glance at Fred who speak on he phone on the coffee Cottage 's porch -- a drizzle fall outside . thor would you say that today be '' very gray ? '' jimbo look around . jimbo I would say so . maybe '' blue-gray . '' thor look around , try to factor this in . Fred finish the call and come in . fred I be sorry , she name be not '' Emily tweeter '' but '' Lucy wurlitzer . '' I 115 . know they be not very similar : I be beginning to realize that the human memory be not the foolproof instrument we sometimes imagine . what 's worse it seem everyone know all about my obsession , include my parent and sibling -- precisely that from whom I most want it keep . rose so from you earliest year you be already a playboy or oper - a - tor type . fred yes . I suppose that 's why secrecy seem so desirable . lily violet , can I talk to you ? lily , have silently follow all this , stand and nod to violet , who get up too . as they walk to the coffee counter , lily whisper to she confidentially . lily ( cont 'd ) what 's the plural of doufus ? violet doufi . lily not doufuse ? violet you can say either : '' doufi '' respects the Latin root and so be prefer . '' doufuse '' be also correct , although a bit inelegant . lily you have think a lot about this . violet yes . I have have to . lily hmmm . violet what ? what be it ? lily I like Fred -- he 's a nice guy and I can see why you like he ... any mass of people , such as you might find in a large university or high school , divide into many different 116 117 118 119 116 . group . normally there 's a '' cool crowd , '' and then variously less cool crowd . when I first meet you and Rose , I think you be the '' cool crowd '' -- and , in many way , you be . I find you perfume and fashion sense excellent . violet thank you ! lily but ... there 's a reason , I think , why you be so strongly attract to doufi . and it 's not a accident . how different group divide up ... while lily speak violet notice something . heather ( 0.s . ) thor ! no! ext . coffee cottage -- day 116 they turn in time to see thor run into the street follow by Heather . the sun be out and its ray , bounce off the dark cloud still hang in the sky , create a exquisite lighting effect . everyone follow they into the street . in the distance a rainbow have form -- this be what panicked Heather . thor run hell for leather toward the beautiful arc , Heather after he . heather thor ! no! stop ! please , stop ! tight on : thor 's face as he run , tear with emotion . violet he 's head for Robertson Hall ! ext . robertson hall -- day 117 thor disappear inside . int . robertson hall -- day 118 thor run up the stair , Heather behind . ext . robertson roof -- day 119 thor run toward the balustrade , Heather come up from the stair , almost too wind to call : 119 a 117 . at the balustrade thor stop for a moment and gaze at the rainbow in its terrifying splendor . he point first to the topmost band of color , then each succeed one : thor Red !... Orange ! yellow !... Green ! Blue ! indigo ! violet !... hallelujah , Lord God , thank you ! Heather reach he and they embrace , gaze at the rainbow together , thor 's face wet with tear of joy . thor ( cont ’d ) Education ! we can learn the subject we set out to master , no matter how hard or impossible they may seem . thank you ! thank you -- I be not sure I be go to make it ! together they look to the rainbow horizon . thor study and nod he head again toward it , proud of he new competence . thor ( cont 'd ) magenta ... pink ... mauve ... ext . seven oak -- day 119a Rose and violet , thoughtful , study together on bench . violet I miss my nice american friend . rose no , you be mistaken . violet oh come on , you go to London for four week -- rose six . violet it 's very dangerous , parent let they child travel . they see they off at the airport and do not know what they 's 1ll be get back . Rose reflect on this . rose I do not know what you be refer to . 118. violet you be not from London . rose I be from London . I be there , and now I be here . I be '' from '' London . violet I just miss my nice american friend . rose Nice . ( caricature a nasal american accent ) '' Nice . Nice . Fine . ' Fine . 's '' ( revert to type ) that be not adjective I like to use . God give we ability -- he require that we use they : '' good. better. best . '' '' excelsior ! Higher ! '' only excellence can glorify the Lord . vulgarity be , in essence , blasphemous . title card in the matter of the doufi 120 ext . quadrangle -- day 120 lily and violet come down a path , both in frilly '' damsel '' costume . lily I be sorry what I be say before - - of course you be not irretrievably link to the doufi or even that such distinction be valid -- violet no , do not apologize -- I probably do have a '' doufi '' orientation . but behind '' coolness '' be not there a certain repress , squashing down or at lack of cultivation of one 's humanity ? lily oh , so you think cool people have less humanity ? violet no , of course not , I do not think cool people be entirely inhuman -- just enough to be cool . 121 119 . lily in we society there 's all this propaganda in favor of uniqueness , eccentricity , etc , but do the world really want or need more of such trait ? be not such people usually terrible pain in the neck ? what the world need to work properly be a large mass of normal people -- I would like to be one of that -- sorry . violet but you will still do the part ? lily yeah . of course . title card dress rehearsal int . suicide CENTER -- day 121 in the long dance mirror first lily then violet appear , in they extravagant costume for the musical . lily omigod we look ridiculous . violet look at they reflection , serene . violet yes . I think that 's good . they disappear from frame . cut to freak cue the music on the suicide Center stereo system . the first note of the '' damsel '' overture begin . violet ( cont ’d ) so do you know every number from every Fred astaire movie ? fred no , there be two in we school musical . I know that . violet but do perform that two number help you overcome adolescent feeling of discouragement and despair ? fred absolutely . 122 120 . violet ( call ) freak ! freak respond to she signal , press '' play '' on the stereo boombox . the song start -- Fred begin the quiet lyric : fred if I should suddenly start to sing , or stand on my head or anything , do not think that I have lose my sense , it 's just that my happiness finally commence . Fred take violet 's hand and lead she out of the building . fred ( cont ’d ) the long , long age of dull despair be turn into thin air and it seem that suddenly I have become the happiest guy alive -- ext . quadrangle -- day 122 Fred and violet emerge from the drab building into the more glorious world of a Seven oak version movie musical -- violet join he in song . violet & fred thing be look up I have be look the landscape over and it 's cover with 4 leaf clover oh thing be look up since love look up at I ! bitter be my cup but no more will I be the mourner for I have certainly turn the corner oh thing be look up since love look up at I other from the cast move in behind they , with some pair off -- lily with xavier , thor with Heather , Frank and freak with Rose , jimbo with priss : ensemble see the sunbeam every one beam just because of you Love 's in session and my depression be unmistakably through they pass doar dorm , now a paradise of decorous dior-ness . 123 121. doar dorm chorus thing be look up it 's a great little world we live in oh we be happy as pup since love look up at we . the song continue , then as the music fade a '' iris '' fade out of the image -- then partially re-open : close up of a smile violet -- lighting , location and costume be dark and atmospheric . the music to a future hit dance song start : violet ( a big smile ) hey , everybody ! let 's -- int . the lone STAR / dance locale -- night 123 the music go full blast , the iris open fully : violet be in a dance locale , perhaps the Lone Star with better lighting : violet do the -- '' Sam - bo-la ! '' to the dance hit 's irresistible beat , violet do the '' sambola '' -- soon join by the other , except Rose -- the camera move among the dancer a la '' american bandstand . '' Rose sit , watch critically . jimbo go to she . jimbo you be not dance ? Rose shake she head . rose look to I like just another ... Devil dance . I be wait for a dance of truth , and beauty , and righteousness . a dance that glorify , not the body , but the Lord . jimbo wow . you might have a long wait ... credit roll : subsequently freak 's partner tire -- he invite Rose to dance ; she drop she resistance and join in with great skill .