dance with wolve written by Michael blake may 23 , 1989 final draft int . field hospital tent - day a black screen . the sound of a knife cut through boot leather . fade in on the waist of two man ( the surgeon ) hover around a crude operate table . in the extreme background , two stretcher bearer be just leave . surgeon 1 ( o.s. ) be this the last one ? one of the bearer stop and look back . his face be numb . and he nod hollowly . we can not see the patient stretch out on the table . but we do see that the first surgeon have succeed in get the man 's boot off . surgeon 2 ( o.s. ) God , what a mess ... at least there 's no gangrene . surgeon 1 ( o.s. ) there will be if it do not come off . surgeon 2 ( o.s. ) well I can not see if I can not keep my eye open . let 's coffee up ... he can wait a few more minute . as the two surgeon duck through a tent flap in the background we see a mangle foot , tear by shrapnel , it ooze blood from a cut clear to the bone . lieutenant JOHN J. dunbar be eye be now open . he 's a young man , he feature sharp and handsome . with effort , he lift he head and search the room . his eye come to rest on the form of a legless man lie in bloodsoaked sheet . he 's whimper like a child . dunbar come to a sit position on the operate table . as he eye move around the room they come to rest on a crate fill with the boot of man who have lose they leg . a cane travel through space and deftly hook one of the boot . Lieutenant dunbar bring the boot onto the operate table . he try to pull it on he mangle foot , but the pain make he cry out . deliberately he break the cane and stick a piece of it between he tooth . tear of pain be roll down he face . a sweat have break out on he forehead and with great determination he pull the boot on . ext . field hospital tent - day the two weary surgeon sip on steaming mug of coffee , they white coat spatter with blood . they brief respite be interrupt by the sound of a muffle scream . together they turn and rush back into the tent . int . field hospital tent - day the operate table be empty save the break cane and a small pool of blood . dunbar be go . legend : ST . david' field , tennessee - 1862 ext . civil war hill - day in a natural valley below be a peaceful field . and on either side of the field , seperate by a hundred yard of green , be low rock wall . several dairy cow be lie dead in the field . a group of mounted union officer , ride onto the crest of the hill and look down at the field . the distinguished man with a long grey beard be general tide . ext . confederate wall - day ragged confederate soldier crouch sullenly behind one of the wall . ext . union wall - day and just behind the other wall be union men , better equip perhaps , but just as weary as they enemy . we hold on one man , a enlist soldier , sergeant pepper . he chance to glance behind and squint at a strange sight . a solitary officer be stand a few foot behind he . the sun be at he back , give he a ghostly feel . eerily he take a step or two forward . he 's limping badly . the sergeant recognize he . it 's dunbar . pepper Lieutenant ... izat you ? dunbar say nothing . he just stand and stare . it unnerve the sergeant . pepper what be you do here lieutenant ? dunbar this be where I belong ... this be my outfit . the sergeant stare at dunbar 's foot . pepper you go to hospital ? dunbar it be no good ... what 's go on here ? a ping of riflefire fly overhead and the sergeant dive for the wall . he call over he shoulder . pepper better come to cover lieutenant ... that boy be shooter . dunbar settles next to the sergeant . pepper what 's goin ' on here ... seem to be the question alright ... you could ask the major but he do not know . he 's busy tryin ' to figger out how come the officer 's mess run outta peach ice cream ... the sergeant nod at the distant hill and dunbar look too . pepper General 's come up to see the show but all he know be there be not no show ... now he nod toward the tree behind they and the lieutenant follow . several union man be cluster around a huge hunk of material attach to a gondola . pepper we start a balloon up but they shot she down fore she be ten foot off the ground ... so nobody 's make a run either way . it 's be a stand - off all damn day ... and now ... the major , he 's lookin ' at the general and he 's thinkin ' I better do somethin' , and you know what that mean ... more riflefire come in and some of the union man answer with a few round of they own . the sergeant watch the confederate line across the field through a crack in the wall . Lieutenant dunbar be not watch the enemy . he 's look at some horse pickete in the tree behind the union line . there 's a nice bay . there 's a big roan . pepper they're ' spose to be beat up just like we but everybody know that tucker 's man be tough as cob . I sure do not wanna die out there with they cow . dunbar be still watch the horse . he 's hold on a small , well - muscle buckskin stand a little apart from the other . CISCO . now he move away from the wall , head for the horse . the sergeant squeeze off a shot . squint across the field , he see a rifle with a hat on the tip of its bayonet wave at he disrespectfully . the sergeant roll on he side to reload . he keep on talk to the lieutenant , but the lieutenant be go . pepper some of the boy be sayin ' that if we be not gonna fight we could just settle the whole business with a little high stake poker . would not that be a sight ... a bunch of fella sittin ' in the middle of this field drawin ' card ... the sergeant 's chatter be interrupt by a sound ... the sound of hoofbeat rush in behind he . Men on either side be scatter , but there 's no time for the sergeant . he turn to the sound and cringe against the wall as the buckskin belly of a horse soar over he head . dunbar and he horse hit the ground with a thud and dig for the confederate line . ext . confederate line - day some of the confederate riflemen can see the wild rider head for they line . a sharpshooter ( ray ) call over he shoulder . ray tucker ! a man in a slouch hat crown by a jaunty feather look up from a impromptu meeting . tucker . ext . civil war hill - day like the other , General tide be absorb with the spectacle of a single horseman riding into the tooth of the enemy . he hold out he hand and a aide slip a pocket telescope into he palm . the general sight through he telescope . aide what be it sir ? tide lower the telescope , glance at the aide and peer back down at the field . tide look like a suicide . ext . battlefield - day dunbar can see the confederate riflemen now . they be rise up behind the wall to aim and fire . fifty yard from the enemy line he 's still unhit . he wheel the buckskin into a sharp leave turn and they streak parallel to the confederate flank . the buckskin be charge hard , he heel throw out clump of dirt . the fire be tremendous . the lieutenant 's hat be tear away . a slug lift off one of the officer 's epaulette , but still no bullet find he . ext . union wall - day the entire union line be stand , strangely quiet in they disbelief . ext . battlefield - day the lieutenant pass the last of the riflemen and pull the buckskin up at the far end of the field . the little horse be pitching and rear , ready for another run . the lieutenant bow he head in exhaustion , but a sound come across the field bring he head up quickly . a great cheer be roll along the union line . ext . hill - day General tide be furiously spurring he horse as he tear down the hill . his aide be try desperately to keep up . ext . confederate wall - day there 's action along the confederate line . the man dunbar pass be desperately try to reload . that at the end be jeer , taunting the lieutenant to take another pass . tucker be move along the line . the battle ground have suddenly take on a festival atmosphere and tucker do not like it . confederate come on you son of a bitch -- you will not make it a second time ... ext . battlefield - day dunbar alright by I . dunbar gaze down along he leg . blood be pump from he wound . dunbar forgive I Father . again he dig he heel into the buckskin 's flank and they fly down the line . the confederate be try to reload . a few be able to get off a hasty shot , but they be all too late . ext . battlefield - day dunbar swerve in a little closer to the wall as he approach the other half of the confederate rank . they be stand ready , like a fire squad . tucker have just reach the side of Ray the sharpshooter . the lieutenant shut ; he eye , let the rein flop on the buckskin' neck and spread he arm as they thunder toward the line of riflemen . Ray 's finger squeeze the trigger , he keen eye sight down the barrel of he gun . thud ... a rifle ball bury itself in Ray 's forehead . ext . battlefield - day the union trooper who fire the fatal shot get up from a kneel position and scramble after some of he comrade . ext . union wall - day with he aide come behind , General tide leap he horse over the wall at a dead run . the entire Union line pour after he , scream a thunderous battlecry in unison . pepper be one of the last to scurry over the wall . ext . battlefield - day the union troops have the rebel in full flight , chase they into the wood beyond the field . ext . battlefield - day suddenly the field be quiet . there be rifle fire in the distance but otherwise everything be still . the field be almost empty . the three dead dairy cow be still there . and at one end of the field be a solitary buckskin horse . his rider lie on the ground , a foot hook in one stirrup . the sound of men' voice be come near . suddenly , General tide be peer down at he . dunbar stare back , glassy eye . dunbar do not take off my foot . General tide stare down into dunbar 's blank face . he kneel next to the lieutenant and bend to whisper in he ear . general tide you rest easy son ... you will keep you be foot . as God be my judge , you will keep it . the general look up at one of he aide . general tide bring up my ambulance ... aide Sir ? general tide bring up my ambulance . and bring my surgeon with it . we have get a officer who 's worth something lie here . the aide dash off to do what he 's tell , as General tide gently remove dunbar 's foot from the stirrup and lay it carefully on the ground . the image fade out . ext . prairie - day the image of a boot fade in , pull back to see that a lone rider be come toward we . he have have a long and dusty trip . it 's Lieutenant dunbar . he 's still riding the little buckskin . legend - fort hay . kansas - 1863 dunbar pull up short . he stare thoughtfully at something in the distance . dunbar ( v.o. ) the strangeness of this life can not be measure . in try to produce my own death , I be elevate to the status of a live hero . dunbar start forward and the camera swing around to cover he back . in the distance we can see a isolate and dreary military post . the sky be very blue . the sun be bright . a rough-hewn , unfence fort be straight ahead . there be several miscellaneous stone structure , a well - stock stable , barrack , officer 's quarter and in the center of it all , a headquarters building . Lieutenant dunbar , riding straight and tall on he powerfully build buckskin , cisco , pass into view . he 's head for the center of the fort . int . fort hay headquarters - day silhouett against the outside , Lieutenant dunbar pause in the wide doorway of headquarters . we can hear the distant sound of work and life come from the outside but in here it 's strangely quiet . a sergeant sit at a desk in the foyer . across the way , at another desk , be a enlist clerk . both man glance from they paperwork at the man in the doorway . but it 's only a glance and they go right on shuffle paper . footfall sound in a hallway and a blue -ey officer with slick , black hair swing into the foyer . he too have a slackness that echoe the dreariness of this post . the blue -ey officer , lieutenant elgin , and dunbar meet at the doorway . dunbar glance down at a scrap of paper in he hand . dunbar where can I find Major ... fambrough ? elgin turn right ... all the way to the end of the hall . be roughly the same age and rank this two might idle awhile , but dunbar be eager . he 's already move . fambrough ( o.s. ) Lt. John J. dunbar . dunbar Sir ? dunbar stop and turn , peer down the hallway . no one be there . int . fambrough's office - day sitting behind the desk , hold a set of order be major fambrough . fambrough Lt. John J. dunbar . Lt. dunbar be stand in front of the desk . dunbar yes sir ? fambrough indian fighter , huh ? dunbar Excuse I ? fambrough ( indicate paper ) you order say you be to be post on the frontier . the frontier be indian country . I quickly deduce that you be a indian fighter . he arch a eyebrow , challenging the lieutenant . he have sad swollen eye . he be a army lifer pass over too many time for promotion and right now do not look like a well man . fambrough I do not ascend to this position by be stupid . dunbar no sir . fambrough return to the order . dunbar watch he in silence . the major 's tunic be cover with food stain . sweat have break out all over he head . his groom be awful . his hand be tremble slightly . something be very wrong with he . now the major see something on the official paper . he look quickly at the lieutenant , then back at the paper , move he lip but make no sound . fambrough it say here you have be decorate . dunbar yes sir . fambrough and they send you out here to be post ? dunbar actually sir , I be here at my own request ... I want to see the frontier . fambrough you want to see the frontier ? dunbar yes sir ... before it 's go . the major fix dunbar with a sly look . fambrough such a smart lad come straight to I . still sly , fambrough dig into a side drawer . there be the distinct clink of glass on glass as he rummages . now fambrough have what he want , a blank official form . he begin to fill it out , write in a disturbingly childish way . fambrough Sir knight , I be send you on a knight 's errand . you will report to Captain Cargill at the furthermost outpost of the realm ... Fort sedgewick . he look over he work with a schoolboy 's excitement and affix he signature with a wild flourish . fambrough my personal seal will assure you safe passage through many mile of wild hostile country . he fold the order and hand it to dunbar . dunbar I be wonder sir , how will I be get there ? fambrough you think I do not know ? dunbar no sir , it 's just that I do not know . fambrough hold you tongue . the major turn in he chair to stare through a single , dusty window . he can see a teamster outside , tie down canvas on a heavily - load wagon . fambrough I be in a generous mood and will grant you boon . you see that peasant ... he call himself timmon ... he leave this very afternoon for you Fort sedgewick . ride with he if you like ... he know the way . that be all . dunbar stand and salute . fambrough return it snappily . the lieutenant start for the door . fambrough ( o.s. ) Sir knight ... dunbar turn around . fambrough be stand in front of he desk . there 's a large , dark splotch on the major 's trouser front . he jam both of he hand into the front of he pants and giggle . fambrough I just piss in my pants ... and nobody can do anything about it . ext . fort hay - day Lieutenant dunbar skip down the step , pick up cisco 's rein and start lead the buckskin along the front of the building . he look briefly at he order , stop and turn back towards fambrough 's office . and there be fambrough with a full glass of booze in hand , toast the young lieutenant from the window . a wide grin on he face . ext . fort hay - day a wagon be pull slowly away from the lonely headquarters . ext . fort hay - day the insane face of Major fambrough peek around the corner of a building . on he head be a ridiculous , plume hat . now he look both way , as if prepare to cross a busy street . see that the coast be clear , he mince into the parade ground in front of headquarters . the plume be wave in the breeze and the major carry something in each hand ... a officer 's sword and a revolver . except for this item , the unfortunate major be naked . as he trot onto the parade ground , fambrough be startle to find that elgin be follow he . he begin to run faster . fambrough halt near the center of the parade ground and turn back on the lieutenant and wave he pistol menacingly . fambrough noooo , noooo ... elgin it 's alright Major . now elgin see a griz*le sergeant approach fambrough from the opposite direction . sergeant leave he alone lieutenant ... he 's crack . fambrough turn on the voice behind he and wave he pistol at the sergeant . fambrough nooo , nooo ... but fambrough find himself stare at the barrel of the sergeant 's raise pistol . elgin do not sergeant . in a panic fambrough wheel back on Lieutenant elgin . fambrough be you deaf fool . I say I will have my crown this instant ... this instant ! slowly and kindly , elgin be walk toward he . he hold out he hand . elgin let 's have the pistol . sergeant ( to elgin ) do not do it . but the lieutenant keep he hand hold out . fambrough eye he silently . then he screw up he face like a crybaby . fambrough the king be dead ... long live the king . in one swift motion , fambrough bring the revolver up , swallow the barrel and pull the trigger . ext . wagon - day at the sound of a single shot behind he , dunbar twist around on the wagon seat . see nothing , he turn back to face the front and take stock of the driver , timmon . he do not like what he see ... or smell . timmon , be not what would be call a credit to he race . if all teamster be greaseballs he would be they absolute ruler . his stink must be incredible . he lean over the side of the wagon and hock out a disgusting stream of spittle . afternoon shadow be slant across the roll ocean of prairie . the wagon pass camera , head towards a endless expanse of prairie . ext . prairie - night the sky be fill with star . one suddenly catch fire and shoot across the heaven . ext . campfire - night dunbar sit at the fire watch the star burn out . timmon be bend over the fire . he fart , then turn to dunbar with a smile " good one , huh ? " . he spit for good measure and for dunbar , the moment be break , but not forget . dunbar ( v.o. ) be it not for my companion I believe I would be have the time of my life . he be quite possibly the foulest person I have ever meet . look over he shoulder at the journal , we see that this latest entry be one of many and dunbar be embellish it with a draw of a star . ext . prairie - day dunbar be off the seat riding atop the mountain of supplies . he be write in he journal . dunbar ( v.o. ) we have be go four day now and still we have see no sign of life . only earth and sky . dunbar stop he write . dunbar how far do you make the fort ? timmon Far . dunbar how far ? timmon forty or fifty mile , maybe ... what 's the big hurry on sedgewick ? dunbar it 's go to be my post ... my home . timmon you be not hard to please , I will say that . timmon slow the wagon and stop . he have see something . timmon look yonder . ext . prairie - day a cluster of bone bleach white , be lie in the tall grass . human bone . dunbar be squatting next to they . timmon ' head dip into view over he shoulder and the teamster 's mouth split into a toothless grin . timmon somebody back east be sayin ' ... " why do not he write ? " stupid bastard . the teamster spit and start for the wagon . dunbar come to he foot and examine the burnt out remain of a wagon . then , he find a arrow in the grassy wheel . look off he can only guess at the drama here . the sun be sink fast below the great expanse of prairie . ext . sedgewick bluff - dawn a hatless soldier in a tatter overcoat , captain cargill , be on the bluff stare morosely through he telescope . one hand rub a sore spot on he jaw . he stick the telescope in he overcoat pocket . he wedge a hand into he mouth and wiggle a loose tooth . he give it a tug but it be not ready to come out . the breeze be come up and Captain Cargill pull he overcoat close . as he slip he last button through the hole , it break off , bounce off of he foot and roll a few foot down the bluff . Captain Cargill watch the button forlornly , make no move to go after it . he raise he head once more and look to the east . nothing be out there . ext . sedgewick CUT bank - dawn Cargill be walk along the base of the cut bank . he stop , stare up at a series of hole dig into the bluff . they entrance cover with " find " drapery of all description . he work up the courage to call out . cargill corporal Guest ... corporal Guest ... corporal Guest . corporal Guest , you do not have to talk to I ... just please come out . at last there 's some real movement behind one of the hole and corporal guest crawl through one of the curtain . he neither salute nor speak . he blink down at Cargill , look more like a hobo than a soldier . cargill it 's the end ... assemble the man in front of my quarter . ext . cargill' quarter - day the " men " have line up in front of Cargill 's sad , sod hut ; pitiful man . sick , moth -eaten , crush in spirit . there be nine of they . just behind Cargill be a half - collapse supply house and a break down corral hold two bony horse . Cargill have a brave face and a break heart . cargill you hate I ... but I feel none of the same for you ... you man stay . you stay after they take all we horse . you stay after all the other desert . you stay on the promise that the army would resupply we . I have look for that wagon from Fort hay just as you have ... day after miserable day . all I can say be that I be proud of you . get you thing man , we be leave this place . the army ... can go to hell . the zombie troops have already break rank , lurching back to they hole and gear like a gang of drunk . Cargill walk out of frame to reveal the break down sign that hang askew above he quarter : " Fort sedgewick . " ext . sedgewick bluff - dusk a solitary wolf trot along the top of a bluff overlook the river . he have two white sock run up he front leg . a old jag scar cut across he muzzle . he 's watch the ruin of Fort sedgewick . the little band of troops , all on foot , with they two lame horse trail behind be fade in the distance . ext . wagon camp - dawn the wagon be park in a shallow depression , its team unhitch . under the wagon the form of two man lay curl up in blanket . dunbar be sleep peacefully , he nose press against a jacket . now he nostril begin to twitch . his face turn sour and he wake to find that he 's be sleep against the stink of timmon . fly buzz about the teamster 's sleep body . dunbar quickly pull away from the bad smell . he roll out from under the wagon and clamber to he foot . Lieutenant dunbar look out over the prairie . it 's go to be a spectacular day . in the far distance , a column of buzzard be circle . dunbar have pause to watch they . he duck back under the wagon . dunbar timmon ... timmon . no response from the deep - sleep driver . dunbar start to move closer to shake he awake but the odor under there make he think twice . he snatch up the arrow and probe under the wagon . dunbar timmon . the teamster come awake with a squeal , he join dunbar stare up at the circle bird . dunbar something 's out there ... timmon somethin ' dead . dunbar might have a look . timmon might stay clear of whatever do the killin' . timmon ' mood be different now . he begin to hitch the team with a new sense of urgency . ext . prairie - day from a high point on the prairie we can see the wagon move west . and no more than half a mile away we can see Cargill 's column , move east . neither be aware of the other 's presence . several buzzard be settling on a half - butcher horse . it 's one of the animal that be with Cargill 's command . we can hear man sing . the shaky little column from Fort sedgewick be march east for Fort hay . ext . prairie - day dunbar be walk through a little valley of tall , rich grass . the wagon be nowhere in sight . he look back at cisco who be also wander by himself search for prime shoot . timmon ' wagon come into view now . dunbar how come we have not see any buffalo ? timmon can not figger the stinkin ' buffalo . sometimes you do not see them for day , sometimes they be thick as curl on a whore . dunbar what about Indians ? timmon goddamn Indians you would jus ' as soon not see , lessen the bastard be dead . nothing but thief and beggar . timmon , as usual , laugh at he own imagine wit . the wagon disappear over a ridge and again , dunbar be alone . in gentle awe , he run he palm over the top of the grass swirl about he waist . a meadow lark 's mournful call startles he . dunbar bring he head up at the sound and so do cisco . now there 's a sudden lift of the breeze . it sweep through the valley , make the grass roll with a life of its own . the lark 's sad call and the sudden violent movement of the wind send a shudder through Lieutenant dunbar . he scan the horizon in all direction , aware all at once of he aloneness . he flip the rein over cisco 's neck and stick a foot in the stirrup . dunbar head for the ridge . ext . bluff - day as dunbar come over the hill , he see the wagon have ground to a stop . the wagon have pause at the edge of a bluff . dunbar and timmon be peer into the little valley below timmon not what you would call a go concern . the wagon lurch over the edge of the bluff and down . we see the pathetic remain of Fort sedgewick . ext . sedgewick - day a full view of the desert fort . timmon sit on the wagon by himself . timmon ai not nothin ' here lieutenant . dunbar appear from Cargill 's former quarter . timmon ( o.s. ) everybody 's run off ... or get kilt . the lieutenant look briefly at timmon , and march over to the cave - in supply house . again he duck inside . dunbar emerge from the supply house and stare up at the wagon driver . dunbar alright ... let unload the wagon . timmon what , and leave it all here ? dunbar I be stay too ... we do not know what 's happen . dunbar move around to the back of the wagon . timmon there be not nothin ' here lieutenant . dunbar not at the moment , no . timmon so thing bein ' the way they be we might as well turn around and get start back . dunbar this be my post ... timmon this be my ... be you crazy boy ? the lieutenant 's eye have go absolutely black . the heel of he hand be drop lightly on the butt of a long revolver at he hip . dunbar this be my post ! and this be the post 's provision . now get you ass off that wagon and help I unload . timmon leap down . int . supply house - day the half - cave in supply house bulge with supplies . int . cargill' quarter - day Cargill 's late quarter be also fill with new goods . there 's barely enough room to reach the little bunk . ext . sedgewick - dusk timmon be atop he wagon seat , rein in hand . timmon well ... I will let them know where you be . dunbar good . timmon good luck lieutenant . dunbar thank you . timmon cluck to he team and the wagon pull out . the light on the prairie be fade fast . ext . sedgewick river bank - dusk the wolf with two sock be patrol along the edge of the river . int . quarter - night a lamp turn up , casting a glow over dunbar 's incredibly cramped quarter . he adjust the lamp and sit back on the bunk , he journal on he lap . he begin a entry . dunbar ( v.o. ) have arrive to find Fort sedgewick desert . be now wait for the garrison 's return or word from headquarters . Post be in exceedingly poor condition . have decide to assign myself clean - up duty beginning tomorrow . supplies abundant . the country be everything I dream it would be . there can be no place like this on earth . dunbar sign the entry , yawn contentedly and reach to turn down the lamp . a wolf howl somewhere outside . it 's low at first but it keep on building . at its height , the howl sound as though it be come from , something gigantic . dunbar be still listen after it 's go . he hear wood snap in the direction of the river then all be quiet again . without hesitate , he slip the big revolver out of its holster and cradling it like a teddy bear , slip it under he blanket . the light be leave blaze . ext . sedgewick - dawn first light over the sad fort . int . quarter - dawn dunbar be sleep quietly . he open he eye and rear he head to get he bearing . then he flop back down and shut he eye , hope for more sleep . he hear two heavy footfalls in rapid succession . dunbar hold he breath stare at the doorway . quietly , he pull he gun aim it directly at the doorway . silence . suddenly , a shadow start across the threshold , follow quickly by cisco 's big buckskin head . the horse watch dunbar a moment , then look curiously around the room . ext . corral - day dress in pants , old boot , and a threadbare shirt , dunbar bang home a nail on the sagging corral gate . he test the gate 's swing and satisfied with this , he latch it leave cisco inside . the lieutenant pick up a water bucket and we follow as he walk the few , quick yard it take to reach the bank overlook the river . when he see what lie along the slope below , he stop . at this spot just below the fort , a garbage dump fall away to the stream . Old container , sack , rag , trash , bottle , and a thousand other miscellaneous scrap . dunbar hop over the steep lip of the bank and start down the gentle incline , eyeing the trash as he go . now he reach the stream and kneel , prepare to dip the bucket . he sniff a bad odor , look across the stagnant stream and see something stick out of the water . it 's a cloven hoof . and further out , another . and part of a antler . there be decompose antelope corpse everywhere . ext . river - day a antelope skeleton be be pull from the muck . dunbar be stripped to the waist as he drag the body through deep water . cover he face against the stink be a bandana . his pants be soak and he 's sweat hard . at the stream 's edge he heave the antelope onto a pile hold several other . under the body be a huge bed of trash which he have already collect . the body he toss up slip and he have to right it . now he wade back into the river and search the water with he hand for more . ext . river bank - day dunbar fasten the last of the trace to a pile of garbage spread out on a sheet of canvas . he pick up a set of long rein , cluck to cisco and they start up the steep bank with the load . ext . river - day a distinct change have take place with the water . it 's run . ext . trash pile - day oil be pour out of a jug and onto the great heap . dunbar empty the last of the oil and throw the empty jug onto the pile . he take the match he 's be hold between he tooth and flick it to life with a fingernail . he flip it onto the heap . the fire catch immediately and dunbar have to back away a few step as the flame send a column of thick , black smoke into the air . to dunbar 's horror , the smoke billow bigger and bigger ... climb into the sky as a signal for anyone to see . dunbar damn ... damn . he stoops for he rifle and we follow as he scramble up the slope . the lieutenant clamber over the lip and stop to scan the horizon . but we continue , follow the black smoke as it tower higher and higher until it be just a wisp . ext . prairie - day four fantastic face fill the screen , three together , one a little apart . they be tired , frustrated face , and also very fierce . they be paint . several wear they hair in spike roach , one have brightly - color eagle feather jutting out of he scalp at all angle . the four warrior be naked from the waist up . they be pawnee , the scariest of all the Plains tribes . the man a little apart look the toughest . the four man be squatting on they haunch and four scrawny pony stand behind they . all the man be stare in the same direction from a low rise on the prairie . it 's smoke , a column much smaller than dunbar 's . the smoke be drift up from the furthest of a line of roll gully . we can see the whole indian party now : the four man and they pony , two injure man on travois and two extra pony . ( please note : all indian dialogue will be in native dialect as indicate by tribe . subtitles will be used . ) the toughest only a white man would make a fire for everyone to see . 1st pawnee maybe there 's more than one . the toughest turn back to face the other . without another word , he jump on he horse . another silence as the three warrior consider what to do . 2 nd pawnee we have no rifle . White man be sure to have rifle . 3rd pawnee we should forget this and go home . the toughest have listen all the while , grow more and more disgust . he pull the blanket from he shoulder and fling it angrily at he companion . toughest then go . I for one , will not debate the merit of a single line of smoke in my own country . he start he pony walk down the rise toward the smoke . 1st pawnee ( shaking he head ) he will not quit until we be all dead . the third pawnee start after the toughest . the other two follow . ext . prairie - day we be drop down through the smoke , right down to the supper fire of timmon the teamster . he 's cooking slab bacon in a pan . risking the heat , he dip a finger into the pan and suck off the grease . there 's a sudden swish of sound behind he and a split - second later , a arrow go deep into the wagon driver 's ass knock he clear across the fire . timmon scream like a half - butcher hog and start into a odd crippled run . he clear the gully where he 's be campe and struggle up the incline . another swish and another scream , as another arrow catch he high on the shoulder . terrify with pain and fear , timmon look back as he scramble up the slope . here come the toughest at a lazy gallop . he 's riding only with he leg . his hand be busy with bow and arrow . casual but blink quick , the toughest snatch another arrow from the quiver at he waist , string it and fire . this arrow catch timmon in the gut . he fall squirming against the slope . the toughest be still come , he face like granite as he fire arrow after arrow . the three warrior who come with the toughest have reach the wagon . two of they be slice away harness on the team of nice army horse . the third be rifling through timmon ' gear . this man unwittingly pick up timmon ' blanket . when he get a whiff of its stink , the warrior fling it far out on the grass . then he drop to one knee , scoops up some dirt and rub it between he soile hand . ext . prairie - day a lone arrow remain in timmon ' dead body , jutting out of he private . now the pawnee warrior pass by , head for home in no particular hurry . the toughest pass by with timmon ' scalp hang from he bow . none of the man give timmon a parting glance . ext . sedgewick bluff - day we be close on dunbar , he face be grimy with sweat and dirt . he 's work hard at something . we pull back and see that dunbar be half - way up the bluff , he 's be fill up the pockmark , the hole where Cargill 's man once live . exhausted , he stab the shovel into the fresh earth and pause to look over he work , all of the hole have be fill . his eye sweep over the prairie across the river . he see something move , it 's the wolf . dunbar instinctively go for he rifle . before he can bring it up to aim , he have second thought . he lower the gun and watch the wolf a moment longer , then walk up the hill and disappear into the sky . ext . sedgewick bluff - day finger be play with a button . it appear to be the same one that come off Captain Cargill 's coat . dunbar stand atop the hill , sighting across the prairie . dunbar ( v.o. ) no sign of Captain Cargill 's command . I do not know what to do . communication can only take place if I leave and I do not want to abandon my post . he stick a hand in he overcoat , pull out a piece of dry meat and bite off a hunk . dunbar start down the hill toward the fort . he watch the horizon as he go . dunbar ( v.o. ) make a short patrol yesterday p.m ... discover nothing . will go further tomorrow . ext . sedgewick - dusk his long day have draw to a close . dunbar sit on the stoop of he quarter . his journal open in he lap . the sign over the doorway have be straighten . dunbar be stare at something . one hundred yard away , sit in the grass be the outline of a wolf . dunbar ( v.o. ) there be a wolf who seem intent on the going on here . he do not seem inclined to be a nuisance however and aside from cisco have be my only company . he have appear each afternoon for the past two day . he have milky white sock on both foot . if he come call tomorrow I will name he two sock . ext . supply house - day with a grunt dunbar lug a army saddle out of the supply house and start for the door . he slow to a stop and stare down at the saddle as if in a trance . in a moment he be toss the saddle back where he find it . ext . hillside - day dunbar be lead cisco to the top of a low hill . he glance over he shoulder and see that he be be follow . the wolf with two sock stop when dunbar look back at he . dunbar watch he curiously for a moment and continue lead cisco up the hill . but now he 's glance regularly over he shoulder and discover that as he move , so do the wolf . reaching the top of the hill , dunbar pause . he pull out the pocket telescope and sweep the prairie . there be nothing . now dunbar swing onto cisco 's bare back and with a last glance back at the wolf start down the rise and on to the open prairie at a easy canter . we follow for a little distance . dunbar glance once more over he shoulder . the wolf be sit on top of the hill watch . he have decide to come no further . ext . sedgewick - day considerable time have pass . dunbar , bundle warmly against the chill of a oncoming storm , and cisco be come back into camp from a hunt foray . a brace of grouse be sling over cisco 's wither . int . quarter - day it 's storming outside . rain be pour down , its patter break from time to time by spectacular flash of lightning and the boom of thunder . but inside it 's cozy . the quarter be still crowded but considerable order have be bring to bear on the place . he be just finish up the grouse and a pile of bone sit on the table . open at he side be he journal . dunbar ( v.o. ) almost a month and no one have come . the longer this condition persist , the less inclined I be to believe that anyone will . rain have force I indoors for most of two day . I have begin a awning . the work have ruin my hand , but I be excited about the improvement it will bring to this place . a great bolt of lightning strike outside , fill the room with violent white light . dunbar walk to the door and toss out a handful of bone . two sock scurries to collect the bone and retreat under the shelter of a nearby tree . dunbar ( v.o. ) it be the loneliest of time ... but I can not say that I be unhappy . ext . prairie - day just as dunbar do on he trip out with timmon , someone be run a palm over the tip of the tall prairie grass . this hand , however , be red . a lone indian be stand in the grass , he pony at he side . he be a real indian ; tough , wild and free . he be a person of special maturity . he radiate wisdom and be a man of responsibility in he community . he be a sioux medicine man . he be kicking bird . ext . river bank - day dunbar be squatting naked at the edge of the stream , pound the dirt out of he trousers on a little rock ledge . he rise , wring out the pants , and wade across the river . on the opposite bank he spread the pants on a low bush . then he look along the river . for some distance every bush and shrub be drape with the lieutenant 's laundry , all of it drying in the sun . ext . sedgewick - day the spectacular face of kick Bird be stare at something . he 's look thoughtfully at the " new " Fort sedgewick ; the tidy grounds , the great awning , the repair corral . the beautiful , buckskin stand inside . ext . river - day comfortable with he nakedness , dunbar be meander along the stream in no particular hurry . he 's very white . his skin practically sparkles in the sun . dunbar be make he way up the bluff . the steepest part be at the lip and here he drop to all four . dunbar 's face come into view . he freeze . someone be creep under the shade of the awning ... a aboriginal man . dunbar 's head pop down behind the bluff . the lieutenant be down on he naked haunch . his heart be pound in he ear . sweat have break out on he face . his mouth be dry as ash . he 's play back image in fragment . a deerskin shirt , strand of hair sewn along each sleeve . fringe leggins . a dark , fade breechclout . moccasin with bead . a single , large feather droop behind a head of shiny , black hair . braid wrap in fur . a lethal stone club hang from a red hand . no eyebrow on a magnificent , primitive face . dunbar stay in a crouch , try to think on jelly leg . his breathe have quickened . his mouth be open . a horse ' whinny startles he . ever so slowly , the lieutenant peer over the bluff . the aboriginal man be in the corral . he 's walk slowly toward cisco . one hand be hold out reassuringly , the other be grasp a rope . he 's make gentle , coo sound and be only a step or two from be able to loop he line over the horse 's neck . dunbar you there ! kick Bird jump straight into the air . as he land he whirl to meet the voice that startle he . dunbar be come . his hand be clench and he arm be swinging stiffly at he side . kick Bird have turn to stone at the sight of this horror . with a sharp intake of breath , he stagger back a few step . then he turn and run , tear through the corral fence as if it be make of twig . he leap onto he horse and quirt the pony into full gallop . dunbar be watch from the yard . his jaw be clench , he hand be still fisted . the great grassland be empty . kick Bird be go . int . supply house - day the first of three carbine box be lug off the stack . ext . prairie - day the three box be stack on the open prairie . suddenly a shovelful of dirt fly out of a unseen spot next to the crate . another fly shovelful . and another . dunbar ( v.o. ) have make first contact with a wild indian . one come to the fort and try to steal my horse . do not know how many more be in the vicinity but I be take step for another visitation . be bury excess ordnance , lest it fall into enemy hand . the last square of sod be place carefully on the surface of the earth . dunbar drive a bleach rib bone into the ground at a angle just in front of he cache . dunbar step back from he work . the replace sod be invisible . the gun will not be find . ext . prairie - day the lieutenant sit atop cisco scout along the bluff . Fort sedgewick lie in the background . int . quarter - day dunbar 's journal lie open on he bunk . we hear a digging sound in the background . the lieutenant be face the wall of he quarter . use a bayonet as a cut tool , he have carve a window out of the sod . he 's nearly finish and be just tidy up . dunbar ( v.o. ) have make all the preparation I can think of . I can not mount a adequate defense but will try to make a big impression when they come . wait . finish , he retreat to he bunk and sit stare across at he new window . he glance at the journal by he side and have a think . he pick it up and start to write . dunbar ( v.o. ) the man I encounter be a magnificent look fellow . ext . ten bear ' lodge - day a old indian man sit in the shade outside he lodge . his skin be leathery , he hair grey and wispy but he eye be bright as diamond . he be ten bear , well past sixty , but still strong enough to be the head man . he be , for the most part , oblivious to the grandchild squirming in he lap . he 's smoking a long -stemm pipe , but the main object of he interest be a old woman squatting next to he ... pretty shield . she 's pound away at something in a bowl . ten bear look up to notice kick Bird . the medicine man be pass not far away and ten bear ' eye follow he carefully , not glance away until kick Bird have duck into he lodge . ten bear kick Bird have be keep to himself this last few day . I do not like to see we medicine man walk so alone . the old woman look up from she pound but do not respond . ten bear what do he wife say ? pretty shield he be keep to himself . ten bear give he wife a challenging look and she bristle . pretty shield that 's what she say . ten bear accept this . then he look down at the bowl . ten bear make sure that meat be soft ... my tooth hurt . ten bear look once more at the entrance of kick Bird 's lodge . int . kicking bird lodge - day kick Bird sit next to the fire play with he son but he be preoccupy with something . there be a rustle of movement at the tent flap , and ten bear peer in . ten bear May I come in ? the little boy race over to the old chief , kick Bird make a move to pull he back , but ten bear indicate the boy should stay . ten bear no , no let he sit with I . there be silence as the two man settle themselves by the fire , the little boy content in ten bear ' lap . ten bear we country seem good this summer , but I have not be out to see it . kicking bird yes ... it be good . the grass be rich . the game be plenty and not run away . ten bear I be glad to hear it . but the buffalo be late . I always worry about the belly of we child . a brief silence . kicking bird I be think of a dance . ten bear yes , a dance be always a good idea . it would be good to have a strong sign . kick Bird seem suddenly uncomfortable . the little boy leave . kicking bird yes . ten bear there 's a funny thing about sign . they be always fly in we face . we know when they be bad or good but sometimes they be strange and there be no way to understand they . sometimes they make people crazy but a smart man will take such a sign into himself and let it run around for two or three day . if he be still confuse he will tell somebody . he might come to you or to I and tell it . a smart man always do that . ten bear pick up the pipe and puff away , seemingly without care . kicking bird I have see such a sign . ten bear oh ? kicking bird I see a man , a white man . ten bear ' eye get big for a moment . then he think . ten bear just one ? kicking bird just one . he be naked . ten bear think some more . ten bear be you sure it be a man ? kicking bird I see he sex . ten bear do you speak to he ? kicking bird no . ten bear rub at he old eye with both hand . ten bear we will council on this . ext . ten bear ' lodge - night a teenage boy , smile a lot and he two buddy otter and worm lie prone outside ten bear ' home . they be peek under the tipi 's roll - up side . they eye be wide , for inside there 's plenty to see and hear . the village 's most influential warrior have squeeze into the lodge for this big and important meeting int . ten bear ' lodge - night the eldest and most respected man of the band , include ten bear , he pal stone calf , a influential warrior name wind in he hair , and kick Bird be seat around the fire . crowd around they , in a high state of excitement , be the village 's lead warrior . the meeting be in progress . kicking bird he might be a god or he might be a special chief -- that 's why we be think of have a talk with he . there be a little murmure around the fire , and it go silent . wind in his Hair rise to speak . wind in he hair I do not care for this talk about a white man . whatever kind of white man he be , he be not sioux and that make he less . we have campe here for ten day now and each day we scout find nothing . one old bull with wolf tear he apart , nothing more . we need meat -- not talk . kicking bird you be right , we need meat today and tomorrow . but we must also have meat in ten year . kick Bird pause here . everyone be listen attentively . kicking bird but the white be come . we friend the shoshone and the kiowa , even we enemy , agree on this -- the white be come . more than can be count . wind in he hair kick Bird be always look ahead and that be good . but when I hear that more white be come -- more than can be count I want to laugh . we take a hundred horse from this people , there be no honor in it . they do not ride well , they do not shoot well , they be dirty . they have no woman , no child . they could not even make it through one winter in we country . and this people be say to flourish ? I think they will all be dead in ten year . there be a surge of enthusiasm in the lodge and wind in his Hair be riding the crest of it . wind in he hair I think this white man be probably lose . this parting shot prompt a good - nature round of laughter . kicking bird wind in his Hair have speak straight , he word be strong and I have hear they . it 's true the white be a poor race and it 's hard to understand they . but when I see one white man alone , without fear in we country , I do not think he be lose . I think he may have medicine . I see someone who might speak for all the white people who be come . I think this be a person with which treaty might be strike . wind in he hair this white man cannot cover we lodge , or string we bow , or feed we child . I will take some good man ... there be many here tonight . we will ride to the soldier fort , we will shoot some arrow into this white man . if he truly have medicine he will not be hurt . if he have no medicine he will be dead . this be the best idea so far and there be much talk around the fire . they quiet down as ten bear prepare to speak . ten bear it be easy to become confuse by this question . it be hard to know what to do . no man can tell another how he will be . but I know this ... kill a white man be a delicate matter . if you kill one , more be sure to come . we should talk about this some more . he drop he head , close he eye and start to fall asleep . the meeting be over . ext . ten bear ' lodge - night Inside the meeting be break up . but smile a lot be no longer watch . he 's lose in think , as if he have get something on he mind . now he come out of it . with a last look into the lodge , he sneak off into the night . ext . prairie - night Three boy otter , Worm and they leader smile a lot , be riding to the fort . smile a lot stop , just realize that the other two have fall behind . he ride back to investigate . smile a lot what 's the matter now ? worm otter do not want to go . smile a lot trot he pony over to otter . smile a lot if we take the horse of a white god they will make up song about we . otter maybe . smile a lot they will ask we to go on raid . otter who get the white god horse ? smile a lot I do ... but we share ... you and Worm can ride he too . who can say this be not a great plan ? otter and Worm have blank expression . int . quarter - night dunbar be snore . the lantern be turn down low . a horse whinny loudly and dunbar arise . in the next instant there be a pound of hoof and the yelping of indian boy . reeling with sleep , dunbar be up and move . he grab a rifle and lurch for the door . as he run through the door he forget to duck under the wooden cross beam . his skull crack resoundingly against the. overhang and dunbar slump onto he back ... out cold . ext . prairie - night the three boy be shriek as they race across the prairie with they prize . otter have cisco by a lead line . smile a lot gallop alongside . smile a lot let I take he otter . otter I have he . to smile a lot 's amazement , otter be suddenly go . he 's zoom backward in midair . otter come to ground a few yard back , throw up a puff of dust . cisco have screech to a halt . now he rear up , twist until the rope be free of otter . then he stick he tail in the air and make track in the direction of the fort . Worm chase after cisco as smile a lot see to otter ext . prairie - night smile a lot pull he pony up next to otter and peer down at the fall boy . smile a lot what happen ? otter I do not know . my arm do not work . smile a lot you should not have fall down ... now we will get in trouble . otter it be you idea . smile a lot my idea be only to take the horse . this squabble be interrupt by Worm 's return . he gallop up and jump off he pony . smile a lot otter hurt himself . Worm shake he head in frustration . otter grab a handful of dirt and fling it at smile a lot and Worm . otter ( to Worm ) you be not hurt ... I be hurt . worm I will be when my father find out , he bow will be across my back . int . quarter - dawn it 's grow light and dunbar be just come to . he roll to one side and touch the egg that have rise on he forehead . he hear movement in the yard and look out . cisco be paw the ground . the indian line still around he neck . ext . river - day dunbar be sit naked in the shallow river below the fort . he have work up a good lather on he face and be shave . the big navy revolver and he gunbelt be sling over he shoulder . dunbar glance at the far bluff . two sock be sit quietly , watch the shave ritual below . the lieutenant be finish shave he moustache . he stare onto the surface of the water try to get it just right . once again he glance up at two sock . two sock ' attention have be divert . he 's on guard , stare intently across the river . dunbar look quickly at the bluff nearest the fort . everything be still . he look back at two sock . the wolf be go . the lieutenant hear something now . hoofbeat . hoofbeat come in a rush . he burst from the water and scramble up the incline . ext . corral - day they be stream past he . five mounted warrior bunched around cisco : raw , powerful man on paint , feathered pony . wind in his Hair be one of they . they face be streak with colorful design , they weapon sling around the shoulder , they nearly naked body all sinew and bone . they be the full and breathtaking glory of war . dunbar be strike dumb . he stand still as the pageant pass in front of he . the sight of dunbar trouble wind in his Hair , so much that he pull up a hundred yard away . he sit a moment on he whirling pony , try to decide if he should confront this white god . he make a warrior 's choice . wind in his Hair shout to he fellow to go on and charge down the slope ... straight for dunbar . dunbar 's eye be fix on the close horseman . he can not move . wind in his Hair be come flat out , he lance extend . at the last moment he pull up so hard that the black pony skid to a sit . the horse be up quickly and hard to manage . he pitch back and forth only a few foot in front of Lieutenant dunbar . wind in he hair I be wind in his Hair . do you not see that I be not afraid of you ?... do you see ? dunbar stare expressionlessly into the sioux 's eye . he do not blink . wind in his Hair suddenly turn he pony and whip after he comrade . a big smile break out across he face . dunbar stare after the disappear horse and rider . he feel the weight of the gun and let it drop to the ground . for two or three step he stagger toward the quarter , but he leg give way and he fall face first in a dead faint . ext . prairie - day wind in his Hair be riding hard and happy . he really fix that white god . but as he clear the brow of a rise , a riderless horse blow past he , run in the opposite direction . cisco 's run back , to the fort at full speed , the line of two rope fly behind he . the big warrior 's smile be go . he wheel he pony and charge over the rise , nearly collide with another warrior who have be in hot pursuit of cisco . the warrior pull up and look helplessly at wind in his Hair . but wind in his Hair 's attention be focus on the rest of he party . the three remain warrior who ride with he be all on foot . one be bend over a man lie unconscious on the ground . the third be limping badly , try to catch he horse . wind in his Hair glance back in the direction of the fort , but the buckskin be already go . he start down the incline to help he friend . ext . prairie - day wind in his Hair and he friend , two of they riding double , be go slowly home when they see a courier come in they direction . they rein in wait for the young man canter toward they . he speak directly to wind in his Hair . courier the party that go against the pawnee be come in ... wind in his Hair say nothing . courier there be many heart on the ground . ext . indian camp - dusk several travois be park in a clear . it 's a scene of terrible woe . on the travois be dead body . woman member of several family be grieve as they collect the dead man . some be shriek , some be cry softly , and some be beat themselves . one group be just beginning to hoist a body off its litter when a strange look woman appear in the clear . she 's be run . her light , cherry - color hair be tangle . her face be crease with pain and disbelief as she rush forward , cry out in sioux . she push through the other woman and tackle the body , take it to the ground . she climb atop the dead man , cradle he head against she face and say a single word softly . it be he name and she whisper it again . of course there be no answer . with each say of the name she be more desperate , she voice grow louder and louder . she arch she back eerily and wail the name to the heaven before fling herself back at the lifeless face . at last the other mourner feel compel to drag she away . the little woman do not go easily . her name be stand with a fist . ext . sedgewick - night the lieutenant ride , a silhouette against a harvest moon . dunbar ( v.o. ) I realize now that I have be wrong . all this time I have be wait . wait for what ? for someone to find I ? for Indians to take my horse ? to see a buffalo ? int . quarter - night Lieutenant dunbar have get a beautiful shine out of he best boot . he 's put the finish touch on one of the toe . dunbar place the boot next to its mate and turn to inspect a dress tunic laid out on the bunk . his open journal be lie next to it . he pick at little piece of lint and brushes at the smudge . dunbar ( v.o. ) since I arrive at this post I have be walk on egg . it have become a bad habit and I be sick of it . tomorrow morning I will ride out to the Indians . I do not know the outcome or the wisdom of this think . but I have become a target and a target make a poor impression . I be through wait . ext . corral - day the buckskin 's ear be prick and he eye be set . something have he complete attention . the " something " be Lieutenant John dunbar . he look like a recruiting poster : full dress uniform , red sash , saber clanking at he side , hair tie in a neat pony tail , knee - length riding boot . and all of it be gleam ... from the brass button to the gold epaulette to the army issue belt buckle . the red sash flutter and cisco shy to one side . dunbar slap at the sash , calm he horse and jump on . we stop with they at the supply house . Old glory be stand against one of the crumble wall . the flag have be affix to a long willow branch . dunbar sweep it up and stick the staff into one of he boot . they start off at a jog , the flag pop in the stiff morning breeze . just as they be get small in the distance , two sock come into view . ext . prairie - day Lieutenant dunbar have ride deep into the prairie . watch the sky , he take a drink out of he canteen . the lieutenant hear something , he turn cisco in that direction . he listen harder . a weird sort of sing . warily he go ahead . ext . knoll - day stands with a fist be sit under a solitary cottonwood . her hand be fold on she lap . a blood-stain knife be hold between they . she have ritually slashed she arm . the cut be not deep -- but all be run with blood . blood pour from a deep cut in she thigh . she let she song fade to nothing and bow she head . she dab at a large pool of blood spread in the ground next to she thigh . suddenly she 's alert . stands with a fist have hear something too ... a strange pop sound . she turn . the gleam buckskin horse be stand thirty or forty foot behind she on the top of the knoll . a white soldier be sit on the horse . a white soldier with a sword , a bright uniform and a red sash . and most amazing of all , no face . a shift in the breeze have wrap the pop red , white , and blue flag around he head . one of the soldier 's hand be try to claw it away from he face . dunbar pull the flag away . it 's a indian woman alright . but now that she be stare at he open- mouth and afraid , he can see that there be something odd about she . too late for further study . she 's rise and have take a slow step backward from the knoll . she 's cover with blood . reflexively , he offer a help hand and call after she . dunbar wait ... she 's still back down the hill , she step a little faster now . he 's follow she at a walk . dunbar wait ... you be hurt . she 's reach the base of the knoll and have begin to run . dunbar be trot after she . dunbar let I help you . she 's too weak to run and fall face first in the grass . she start to crawl . dunbar slip off cisco and reach down tentatively for she shoulder . she scream at he touch and he pull away . but he follow on foot as she crawl . dunbar you be hurt ... you need help . he take she again , this time hold she firmly . she struggle mightily , twist onto she back . she lash out at he face but he grab she hand , hold they tight . they be nose to nose . stand with a fist do not ... he can not believe he hear it and she can not believe she say it . she spit out a stream of sioux curse , throw she head back and wail like a wolf . then she pass out . ext . prairie - day she 's lie in the same spot , still unconscious . the cut on she arm have be bandage up with strip of Old glory . modestly , dunbar lift she dress to get at the bad thigh wound . as he tie it off , the lieutenant notice how white she skin be . he run a finger over it . she be very still and he press a ear to she heart . she 's still breathe . ext . prairie - day dunbar be on cisco . his big impression be go . the uniform , and he hand and face be smear with stands with a fist 's blood . the girl be sling in front of he . his arm be hold she . her face be press against he chest . they have come a good distance and be approach a smokey cloud . ext . pony herd - day smile a lot , Worm and otter ( who now sport a crude splint on he arm ) be occupy a open space in the midst of a huge pony herd . they should be on guard against enemy but the three boy be sit on the ground , absorb in a gambling game . ext . pony herd - day dunbar be skirt the edge of the herd . leave the horse behind he , the lieutenant make he way up a gentle slope . a powerful vision be upon he . ten bear ' village be rise slowly , like a curtain go up . the smoke from many fire , the willow pole fan against the sky , the conical house cover with well - use hide , the horse along the river , the child , the woman , the man . a ancient tableau , fully alive before he eye . ext . village outskirt - day dunbar have stop on the slope lead down to the village , take it all in . no one have see he . he can hear human voice drift up from the camp . stands with a fist cough lightly against he tunic and the lieutenant move cisco ahead at a walk . ext . village - day a woman and she child have come out of the break along the river and be march back to the village when one of the kid see he . with a ear-splitt shriek , the woman grab up she child and run scream for the safety of the village . there 's pandemonium amongst the lodge . everyone seem to be run everywhere at once . dunbar pull cisco to a halt a hundred yard from the first of the conical house and slide off , take the girl up in he arm . the people of ten bear 's village , realize now that there be only one white man and that he be carry someone , be mass with great curiosity on the outskirt of the town . Warrior , some of they mount , have take the front rank . the woman and child and elderly be stand just behind . initial panic have give way to a steady buzzing as everyone jockey for a better look . still hold stands with a fist in he arm , dunbar suddenly stop on a familiar face ... wind in his Hair . he lift the girl rest in he arm and hold she out ... as in offer . dunbar she 's hurt . the sioux buzz be stronger now . the mount warrior be get excited . suddenly , wind in his Hair break rank and start for dunbar at a determine walk . a nasty war club be hold tightly in hand . dunbar stand he ground . wind in his Hair halt only a few step in front of dunbar . he bark at the intruder as he take another step or two . wind in he hair you be not welcome here . another step and he be close enough to touch the white man . wind in he hair go away from we ... dunbar do not flinch . and wind in his Hair 's harangue be definitely part bluster . he 's very curious about the woman in dunbar 's arm and now he peer down at she face . the lieutenant look down too and in a flash she be tear out of he grasp . holding she in one strong arm , wind in his Hair back a pace or two and shout once more at the lieutenant . wind in he hair go away from we ... go now . he raise he club and shake it at dunbar . though he do not understand the word , dunbar get the message . as he go for he horse , wind in his Hair march back to he people with stands with a fist . there be great commotion as the crowd surge in around wind in his Hair . with a look of profound disappointment , dunbar walk away on cisco . ext . village - day otter , Worm and smile a lot be riding in , draw by the ruckus in the village . they see the white soldier oh he horse leave the camp . they see the tumult in the village and realize they be in trouble , again . some of the young , mount warrior be shouting taunt at the depart soldier , call for he to come back and fight . they seem set to take out after he when kick Bird suddenly appear in front of they pony . kicking bird the soldier do not come to fight -- he be go away and we will let he . no one be go to argue with one of the band 's lead man . the young warrior shout a few more taunt and turn away . the medicine man glance after the boy who just come in . each boy , confront now by a angry father or uncle , be be jerk off he pony . there 's go to be discipline . kick Bird look back at the lieutenant . dunbar 's head be down and he shoulder be slump . it be a sight that make the wheel in kick Bird 's head turn . int . ten bear ' lodge - night another council be in progress . as before , the lead man be seat around ten bear ' fire while the other warrior stand pack in the shadow . wind in his Hair be seat close to the elder . ten bear I be in agreement with kick Bird . we will go down and talk to the white man and find out what kind of white man he be . wind in his Hair jump into the conversation . wind in he hair if this council decide to talk with the man at the soldier fort then it will be so . but in my mind it be not right that a sioux chief , a chief as great as ten bear , go to ask the business of a puny , trespasp white man ... a white soldier who have only a smart horse and a few white man clothes . there be many yese in response to this . as be he custom , ten bear let the outburst subside , seem unruffled all the while . casually , he pop a piece of meat into he mouth and begin to chew . ten bear I will not go ... you will go ... you and kick Bird . that be all I have to say . ext . sedgewick - day dunbar be sit cross-legged in the grass . his mouth be occupy with chew . in one hand be a knife , in the other be a chunk of slab bacon . he saw off a slice and extend it , wait patiently . the wolf be sit only a few foot away . he want the offer meat but cannot bring himself to eat from a human hand . finally , dunbar flip the bacon into the grass and two sock pounce on it . he take he prize toward the river and out of view . dunbar start for he quarter . he stop . the hair on the back of he neck be stand straight up . ext . sedgewick - day six sioux warrior , the escort , be sit atop they pony high on the ridge . dunbar button he tunic and cast a quick , backward glance at the quarter . a rifle be stand near the door . dunbar decide not to go after it . he straighten he bearing and he watch the approach rider . it 's only two -- wind in his Hair and kick Bird . the lieutenant bow at the waist . dunbar welcome ... ( gesture at they ) come ... please ... sit down . the two man slide off they pony . dunbar throw a unreturn wave to the escort warrior . there be a moment or two of silence . dunbar would you like some coffee ? coffee ? there be no response . dunbar I will get some cup . dunbar disappear inside he quarter . ext . sedgewick - day wind in his Hair and kick Bird be sit comfortably under the awning , each hold steaming army - issue cup . they be stare straight ahead with a curious expression . dunbar be turn a handle on a machine . it be a coffee grinder . the last of the bean go down and dunbar pause for dramatic effect . then he pull out the drawer contain the fresh grounds and pass it to the medicine man . kick Bird and wind in his Hair both sniff the content . dunbar gesture at they still full mug -- neither one of they have take a drink . dunbar be the coffee not good ? too strong maybe ? here ... dunbar reach for a sack by the fire . holding it in front of he , dunbar suggest that wind in his Hair put some of its content into he mug . wind in his Hair finally do , but he blank expression indicate that he do not know what difference this could make . dunbar take a lick at he finger , suggest that wind in his Hair should do the same . a smile creep over he face as the universal appeal of sugar be take hold . wind in his Hair have lick every bit off each finger . dunbar ( to kick Bird ) do you want some ? wind in his Hair do not wait for kick Bird 's answer . he reach over and dump a good amount in kick Bird 's cup , add some more to he own for good measure . dunbar so what be you guy do ? look for buffalo ? there be no response . wind in his Hair 's attention be now on cisco . dunbar he 's a good one ... good horse . my horse . wind in his Hair 's interest border on rude . prompt by a light tap on he leg from kick Bird , wind in his Hair turn he attention back to dunbar . dunbar good horse . no argument from wind in his Hair . dunbar my horse . you see any buffalo ? kick Bird and wind in his Hair be baffle . the lieutenant be try to jam a wad blanket under the back of he tunic . dunbar wait just a bit . wind in he hair ( to kick Bird ) his mind be go . kick Bird do not respond . he 's still intent on the lieutenant . in wedge the blanket under he tunic , dunbar have become a hunchback . he bend over in a weird attitude , and with a finger peek over each side of he head , he begin a bizarre display of dance , punctuate with snort and bellow . kicking bird buffalo . dunbar ( incorrectly in sioux ) buffalo ? kicking bird ( slowly ) buffalo . dunbar ( get it right ) buffalo . kick Bird nod he assent and dunbar flash a pleased smile . dunbar buffalo . ext . sedgewick - day dunbar be watch kick Bird and wind in his Hair walk they horse up the ridge to meet the wait escort . each horse have a gift of coffee and sugar sling over its wither . occasionally , wind in his Hair dip a hand into one of the bag and carefully lick each finger . dunbar wave up at they but there be no response . dunbar ( v.o. ) the sugar do not figure to last at that rate any way . I do not believe I would go too far in say that a foundation for good relation be be laid . dissolve into : ext . sedgewick - day dunbar ( v.o. ) they have come again , as always the same two with a escort of six . dunbar be stand in the same spot , it be a new day leave they ever present escort behind , kick Bird and wind in his Hair ride into the fort . kick Bird 's pony be carry something large and bulky on he wither . a buffalo robe . dunbar walk up to greet they . kick Bird return the welcome and sign to he as he speak . kicking bird have you see any buffalo ? dunbar can only shake he head no . kick Bird accept this and dismount . dunbar throw he customary wave but the escort remain noncommittal . ext . hill - dusk dunbar be lie on he buffalo robe , he hand run against the grain of the thick fur . he begin write in he journal . dunbar ( v.o. ) I believe I be deal with kiowa Indians as I have hear that word on several occasion . he roll on he back , and lay aside the journal , practice the hand signal . dunbar ( v.o. ) I be learn the kiowa word for head , hand , horse , fire , coffee , buffalo , hello and goodbye . ext . sedgewick - day it 's raining . High on a hill , the indian escort wait stoically , horse head bow in the drizzle . on the haunch of one of the pony be a single deer . down below , wind in his Hair and kick Bird be still mount and converse with dunbar use sign talk . dunbar no , I have not see any buffalo . be you hungry ? I have food ... be you hungry ? dunbar suggest they take some of he supplies but kick Bird will not stand for this . he wave dunbar off . the three man say they goodby , and dunbar as usual throw a wave to the six man on the hill . unexpectedly , one of they return it and the other five react with surprise . escort 1 he wave . dunbar ( v.o. ) nothing I have be tell about this people be correct . they be not beggar and thief . they be not the bogeyman they have be make out to be . kick Bird and wind in his Hair disappear over the hill , follow by they escort . lightn burst far out on the prairie . int . quarter - night dunbar huddle beneath the warmth of he buffalo robe . he be finish up the second of two drawing . it be a portrait of wind in his Hair , he carefully title it " the fierce one . " he have already complete a likeness of kick Bird and underneath it the word " the quiet one . " ext . kicking bird lodge - day several child be play close - by as stands with a fist work over a stake - out hide , scraping away the excess flesh . though she arm be line with scab she work be methodical and unforce . she seem recover . kicking bird ( o.s. ) stands with a fist . she look up to see the medicine man loom over she . kicking bird we will talk awhile . int . kicking bird lodge - day except for kick Bird and stands with a fist , the tipi be empty . they be just seating themselves at the firepit in the center of the lodge . a brief silence , during which kick Bird study the girl with the bow head . kicking bird you wound be heal well ? stand with a fist yes . kicking bird you be happy here , with my family ? stand with a fist I be glad to be here . I be miss my husband . kicking bird perhaps you will marry again when the time be right . stand with a fist perhaps . kick Bird be lead up to something and stands with a fist fear it . she keep she head bow . kicking bird we have word from many place that the white be ... kick Bird stop himself , he know this must be hard . she bring she green eye to bear on the medicine man , wait to hear more . kicking bird they be come into everyone 's country . they will soon be in ours I think . this white man who life at the old soldier fort , the one who call himself loo ten tant ... I have visit he and I believe he heart be a good one . he know thing about the white which we do not . he pause let this sink in . stand with a fist I be afraid of the man at the fort . kicking bird he be only one man . stand with a fist I be afraid that he will tell some white that I be here . I be afraid that they will try to take I away . kicking bird every warrior in camp would fight they if they try . she be not much reassure by this . in the way of a defeatist she lower she eye once more . kicking bird I can not make the white man talk . loo ten tant do not know sioux . kick Bird wait . still she do not raise she head . kicking bird you have a certain medicine which no other sioux -- man or woman -- have . stand with a fist it have be a long time since I make the talk . kicking bird I do not ask this for myself ... I ask this for all we people . stand with a fist it 's dead in I . kicking bird I want you to try and remember the the word . stand with a fist I do not know how . kicking bird you do not want to know . this outburst shock stands with a fist , she run out of the lodge . ext . kicking bird lodge - day stands with a fist rush past black shawl , she face cover with tear . now kick Bird come out . Black shawl look at kick Bird , he face be not happy . black shawl will she make the white word ? kicking bird perhaps I be ask too much . ext . river - day stands with a fist be tear through the thick willow grow alongside the river . she 's cry she heart out . ext . river - day the big cry be over , but stands with a fist be still sniffle as she emerge on a little patch of beach - next to the river . she sit herself down under a cottonwood and look hollowly at the surface of the water in front of she . somewhere in the distance be the sound of many drum , with a sigh she drop she head . then , as if shocked by some unseen force , she eye spring open . Wide and unblink , she eye stare deeply into space . someone be call . the voice be so faint at first that the word can not be hear . but the call grow and suddenly the word be upon she . voice christine ... ext . prairie - day ( flashback ) a little girl of seven , christine , be lie in the grass of a sod roof . next to she be ten year - old willie . they be plan they wedding and stare up at the sky . like many youngster she 's not eager to heed the persistent call of she mother . mother ( o.s. ) christine ... where be you ? reluctantly , the little girl get up and look over the edge of the roof to see she mother hold yet another child . she seem anxious . christine I be right here mother ... mother get inside both of you . christine why ? mother just do what I ... oh God ! stay where you be . keep down do you hear I ? four pawnee be riding up in the background . two men be move out to meet they . christine who be it Willie ? Willie be peek over the edge of the roof . a old muzzle - load rifle be by he side . he whisper to she . willie they look like pawnee ... my father and you father be talk to they . down in the yard , out beyond a rough table set with the leaving of a Sunday dinner , two white man on foot be talk to the four mount pawnee warrior . it 's a argument . as a baby cry somewhere inside the house the two white man sign the Indians to go away . the pawnee make no move to go however , and with they patience at a end , the two white man turn back to the house . one of the warrior bring he hatchet down and nail a white man between the shoulder blade . the injure man grunt and hop sideways . the other run for the house but be cut down by arrow . woman begin to scream . Willie be scoot down the roof , he face white with fear . willie run christine ... christine why ? willie just run ! he give she a hard shove which send she roll down the roof . willie run ! christine run past the point where the roof meet the natural hillside and down into the draw . she 's run toward we . in the background we can see Willie on the edge of the roof , aim he squirrel gun into the yard . he fire once , then grasp the gun like a club , he leap off the roof and disappear . christine never look back . she run up the draw as fast as she skinny young leg can carry she . ext . hole - night ( flashback ) the moon be up . christine be feebly claw at the ground , try to pry herself out of a tiny hole . she give up . then , from the burrow 's dark entrance come the thin , crack voice of a little girl . christine now I lay I down to sleep . I pray the lord my soul to keep . if I die before I wake , I pray the lord my soul to take . ext . river - day stands with a fist be still in shock . the drum in the village be very loud now . she rise unsteadily to she foot and start back to camp . ext . sedgewick - night the moon be full . as we look down on the fort we can hear a new sound come off the prairie . a light rumbling . int . quarter - night Lieutenant dunbar be asleep in the moonlight . the rumbling be get louder . it wake he . he grope about , light the lantern and listen to the strange , powerful sound . something 's in the air . he hold the lantern toward the ceiling . particle of dirt and dust be be shake from the roof . it 's the earth that 's tremble . ext . sedgewick - night dress in only pants and boot , dunbar walk along the bluff above the river , he lantern hold out in front of he . the sound be tremendous now . dunbar stop as a great wall of dust rise before he . at the same time , he realize something be alive behind the wall of dust , he recognize the sound ... the sound of thousand of hoofbeat . he see one veer out . and now another . and another , darting briefly from the great cloud of dust . the most powerful force on the prairie now seem like the most powerful force on earth as it thunder by . the buffalo . ext . prairie - night dunbar and cisco be run flat out in the moonlight . ext . indian village - night the village be come up . a great fire be blaze at the far end . horse and rider speed past the first lodge . it 's a important mission for the lieutenant . as he gallop through the village , he say one word over and over , try to remember the correct pronunciation . it 's the sioux word for buffalo . ext . FIRE - night everyone have gather around the great blaze . in the center of the circle close to the fire , the buffalo man be dance . other be dance too . the music be very loud . the little buckskin be out of he head with speed . he do not answer the bit when dunbar first try to pull he up . people scatter in all direction , as dunbar and cisco charge into they midst . dunbar pull back with all he might , and the buckskin sit down . he 's wet from he long ride , and dunbar can not stay on he back . as cisco rear , he slide off and tumble onto he back . angry warrior pile on top of he . dunbar shout out the word for buffalo , yell it over and over as the warrior pummel he . so many man have rush into the fray that none can deal the lieutenant a decisive blow . they roll about in the dust . just as dunbar 's cry have begin to lose they strength , he feel a sudden lessen of the weight upon he . as the man pile off , dunbar be leave flat on he back . his lip be split and blood be stream from he nose . he 's look into a familiar face . the man 's head be cover with the full skin and feather of a eagle . kick Bird . dunbar buffalo ... kick Bird do not understand or can not hear . he bring he face close to dunbar 's . dunbar buffalo ... ( make horn with he finger ) buffalo . kicking bird buffalo ? dunbar yes. buffalo . kick Bird raise up and yell it out to he people . kicking bird the buffalo have come . for a fleeting moment there be shocked silence . then the sioux explode with excitement . still daze , dunbar be pull to he foot . the people be surging in around he with yelp of joy . ext . prairie - day a wide stretch of prairie , fall away to nothing . the buffalo have leave a trail in the form of a tremendous swath of tear - up ground , several hundred yard from side to side . Indians on horseback move into the picture . most of ten bear ' camp be move out in a long , noisy column . spirit be high . first come the lead scout , follow by ten bear and he advisor , kick Bird and wind in his Hair among they . a large body of warrior come next . behind this man be the woman , child and elderly . dunbar be riding at the head of the last group . the attitude of the people have change significantly . people who catch he eye be openly smile at the lieutenant . a old woman come alongside and offer he a piece of dry meat , patting he hand as he take it . here come smile a lot , Worm and otter , all on pony , gallop up beside he . they want to play . smile a lot loo ten tant ... he motion for dunbar to break rank and while the lieutenant be puzzle this out , a chorus of cry come from the column 's front . Three far-rang scout be come in at a run . ext . column - day the scout pull up in front of ten bear to make they report . there 's no way to know what 's go on but something important be happen . wind in his Hair suddenly break rank and ride back to the main body of warrior . a dozen warrior strip off they shirt and legging . they be ready in moment . then , with wind in his Hair lead they , the party break away from the column and ride east at a gallop . the column resume its southward march . ext . column - day the day have grow hot as the column continue its march through change terrain . dunbar be suffer some . the heat and dust be monstrous . at the moment however , he 's most concerned with stands with a fist . she 's riding closeby and he watch she with interest . it 's easier to see now that she be once white . suddenly she look in he direction . the lieutenant quickly tip he hat , but she turn she shy eye away before he have finish the motion . kick Bird be riding down the line . the medicine man gesture dunbar forward and the lieutenant guide cisco out of line . through she tangle hair , stands with a fist watch the soldier and the medicine man ride up the line . ext . prairie - day dunbar and kick Bird be riding together at the flank of ten bear ' entourage . Far in the distance , the lieutenant see something strange on the prairie ... pink bump be dotting the landscape up ahead . and black speck be move about on the bump . ext . killing ground - day beneath drove of scavenge black bird lie the body of a buffalo . his hide have be peel off and he tongue have be cut out . the rest of he body have be leave to rot in the sun . the column , so noisy and happy before , wind its way through the kill ground in silence . there must be twenty - five buffalo like the one we see close up , all of they stripped and rotting . dunbar look queasy . the lieutenant glance at the medicine man riding next to he . kick Bird look sick too . dunbar look away . the entire column be stretch along the kill ground , look . a naked cow , cover with bird , lie on she side . her new bear calf , doom to death , cry for he dead mother . and next to the calf , dunbar see something else . he see wagon track and the boot footprint of white man . ext . killing ground - day the column be clear of the kill ground and head deeper into the prairie . they have leave everything untouched . ext . temporary camp - day while kick Bird 's lodge rise behind she , stands with a fist dig out a firepit . she look up from she work . watch bashfully from several yard away be Lieutenant dunbar . now that she have see he he start forward , perhaps to try some more talk . kicking bird ( o.s. ) loo ten tant ... dunbar turn to find kick Bird sit on a pony just behind he . two dozen mount BUFFALO scout be gather around he . kick Bird point at cisco , indicate that dunbar should join they . tipping he hat to stands with a fist , dunbar hustle away to he horse . stands with a fist face the pit she 's digging , not bother to look up as hoofbeat drum they way out of the temporary camp . she seem to have lose herself in she own hand ... the hand that be digging out the soft prairie earth . there be cry but when stands with a fist look up there be just one of kick Bird 's child stand there smile at she . she go back to she digging . int . hole - day ( flashback ) the first light streak through the burrow entrance . christine be exerting herself mightily in a effort to move . but she can not and again she begin to cry . more sound from down below in the canyon . hoofbeat . and a whinny or two . no way to tell whether this be friend or foe . but she can not stay in the burrow . christine help ... she listen . the hoofbeat be go . christine ( louder ) help I ... ( scream ) please ... I need to get out . someone be come up the slope . a moment later , hand be claw at the wall of the burrow and she be look into three , surprised sioux face . the face in the center be recognizable . a younger kicking bird . ext . BUFFALO draw - dusk two dozen riderless indian pony be tethere at the base of the draw . ext . BUFFALO draw - dusk with kick Bird and the other buffalo scout , Lieutenant dunbar be sneaking up one side of the draw . they all reach the summit together and peer over . they be there by the thousand , graze quietly in the twilight . the buffalo . ext . prairie - night the buffalo scout , dunbar include , be gallop back to the temporary camp . it loom ahead of they , the hide - cover lodge glow like candle in the last light of day . a big fire be blaze in the center of camp . dunbar hang back as the other rider go into the noisy camp . a special event of some kind be take place . as he look this scene over , dunbar see something remarkable . back in the shadow , behind the fire , be a wagon . dunbar and cisco pace back and forth on the fringe of the camp . the lieutenant search for any sign of the white people who come in the wagon , but find none , he focus on the dancer move in a circle around the big fire . one of the man wave he lance be wind in his Hair . dunbar 's eye track up the lance and there he find the white people . hanging from wind in his Hair 's lance tip be a fresh scalp , blonde and wavy . several of the other man have scalp too . none of the hair be indian . dunbar can see into the wagonb now . a couple of dozen fresh buffalo hide be stack in the wagonb . it 's all come clear . the white man who kill the buffalo for hide and tongue have themselves be kill . dunbar slowly retreat into the shadow . ext . prairie - night cisco have be hobble nearby , and with the temporary camp glow on the plain a half - mile away , dunbar spread he blanket on the open plain . ext . prairie - dawn a huddle body lie cover by the army issue blanket . a moccasine foot come into view and prod the blankete shape . Lieutenant dunbar 's waking face pop out of the blanket . stand over he be wind in his Hair , stripped of all but he breechclout . the barrel of he rifle be hang downward , sway in front of the lieutenant 's face . it be occur to the lieutenant that he time may have run out . the warrior swing he rifle into a shoot position , sight after some imaginary game and imitate the rifle 's recoil . he stare down at dunbar with a smile , lift he rifle overhead and bark out a cry of victory . ext . temporary camp - day the band 's best hunter , two dozen of they , be make ready to chase the buffalo . it 's the big time , no event be more important . the villager -- mostly woman , child , and elderly -- have gather around each of the hunter . the large audience have gather around Lieutenant dunbar and wind in his Hair . wind in his Hair 's pony be ready . great bolt of yellow lightning adorn he shoulder and rump . right now the warrior be draw the same design along cisco 's rump . dunbar read this correctly as a great honor and stand by silently . wind in his Hair be finish . he look at dunbar and nod at the paint as if ask for a response . dunbar I wish I know what to say . a sioux voice , use english word , sail out of the circle of watcher . stand with a fist say ... thank you . startle the man turn to the sound . the other sioux be stunne too . stand with a fist ( indicate the paint ) his speed ... he power ... you have . dunbar thank you . he take the warrior 's hand in he own and shake it crisply . ext . prairie - day it 's the first time we have see the buffalo up close . they be fantastic creature , powerful , brutish , untameable animal from another age . a great bull turn away from the other and lift he purple , horn head to sniff the breeze . he can detect no sign of trouble and eventually return to he browsing . ext . prairie - day the hunter be advance across the prairie , spread out in a formation that will encircle part of the herd . the lightning bolt on wind in his Hair 's pony be in motion . cisco 's bolt be move too . there 's a lump in dunbar 's throat . he know nothing of what be expect of he but he 's do it anyway . he glance to -- he right at wind in his Hair and to he leave at kick Bird . they be both concentrate on what lie ahead . from the corner of he eye , he see kick Bird look back . the lieutenant look too . it 's a minor flap . Three or four youngster , eager to distinguish themselves have trail too close to the hunter and be be turn back . dunbar recognize one of they as the boy who take charge of cisco at the village ... smile a lot . like kick Bird , dunbar swing he face back to the front . they be close enough now to hear the low bellow of the herd . ext . prairie - day a strike far up on the horn formation . they pony leap forward . the mad dash be on . dunbar 's hat fly off at first spurt and now the lieutenant and he horse be hurl over the prairie . the little buckskin seem to know what be expect of he and have put every ounce of he muscle to speed . they be burn up the ground . when dunbar look back over he shoulder , he 's shocked to find that the best buffalo pony the sioux 's have be far behind . he and cisco be on they own . the herd be in full flight and the sound of they stampede be overwhelming . the buffalo be very fast but cisco be gain with every stride . they have form a great run wall in front of he and now dunbar can see they rump and tail and fly hoof . dunbar take a solid grip on he rifle and shut he eye as if in prayer . the sound of thousand of hoof be deafen . dunbar and cisco have catch the buffalo . a few more stride and they will be in . dunbar and cisco be run with the buffalo . a shaggy head move in and swipe at cisco , but the little horse be too quick and too smart . he dodge away , nearly dump the lieutenant in the process . dunbar rights himself and fire . it 's a wild shot , only graze the buffalo 's shoulder . the report of the gun instantly scatter the herd and dunbar pull up , dust swirl all around he . ext . prairie - day sioux hunter stream past he , every man for himself zeroing in on target . dunbar start to dismount but something he see stop he . a hundred yard away a small hunter be after a handful of buffalo who have splinter off from the rest . it 's smile a lot , try to make a kill of he own . as dunbar watch , the boy 's inexperienced horse shy away and buck , pitching the kid to the ground . a big bull break away from the splinter group , lower he head and charge . dunbar kick cisco into a run , spit a spare bullet from he mouth and ram it into the chamber . smile a lot be pick himself off the ground . the bull be in full charge . dunbar be riding with he knee . both hand be hold the rifle . he will never make it to the boy in time . he 's get to make the shot . he squeeze the trigger . the bullet plow home , explode the bull 's heart . the big buffalo 's leg collapse but the momentum of he charge put he into a skid . he come to rest only a few yard away from smile a lot . the boy stand as the lieutenant ride up . smile a lot be daze but he 's okay . dunbar hop off next to the dead buffalo . he 's a huge one , a real grandfather and the lieutenant lose himself for a few moment in contemplation of this tremendous kill . now he look back to check the boy . smile a lot have catch he pony and be racing away from the scene of he humiliation . the sound of approach rider turn dunbar 's attention in a different direction . the entire village be stream onto the plain for the butcher . the rider bear down on he be be lead by wind in his Hair . wind in his Hair jump off he pony and , smile broadly , slap dunbar 's back with a good - nature blow of congratulation . ext . prairie - day the buffalo have be split open and wind in his Hair , kneel at the bull 's side , be feel around in the cavity . he find what he 's look for and give it a jerk . it 's the liver , still warm and steaming . he offer it to dunbar but the lieutenant , not have the faintest idea , only look at it blankly . a sizable crowd have gather to watch this ritual . wind in his Hair stick the fresh liver in he mouth and happily bite off a chunk , let the juice run from the edge of he mouth . now he figure the lieutenant know what to do , and hand the liver back to he . dunbar do not want to do this , but with the pressure of so many eye and so much good will , he have little choice . tentatively , he bite off a small piece and chew it thoughtfully . it 's good . encourage by this good taste , dunbar take a man-size bite . shrill sioux voice rise all around he as they cheer the lieutenant . dunbar hold the liver triumphantly over he head . ext . killing ground - day Little butcher party cluster around each fall buffalo . ext . temporary camp - night flame begin to lick at each of the body and we match dissolve -- the cluster of people have become group surround fire at the temporary camp . ext . feasting FIRE - night all over camp people be crowd around fire , feast on fresh meat . Children be play everywhere , the dog be have a field day with scrap and the voice of the people be happy . at a little distance , we see Lieutenant dunbar and wind in his Hair excuse themselves from one of the fire . they start toward we . wind in his Hair be suck on a rib bone and seem to show no sign of slow down he celebrate . dunbar , follow a couple pace behind , be a different story . he 's have it . he spread he hand to indicate a over-size belly . dunbar look I be full ... I can not tell the story again . wind in his Hair do not seem to hear . he point at the epaulette on dunbar 's tunic . dunbar go ahead . wind in his Hair reach out and finger the gold lieutenant 's bar . he finger a couple of the brass button as well . the tunic be something he obviously put much store in . dunbar ( signing ) you want to try ... put it on . he unbutton the tunic . dunbar here . he slough off the tunic and hand it over . wind in his Hair slip out of the magnificent bone- pipe breastplate he 's wear and give it to dunbar as he wriggle into the tunic . the fit be too tight , the material too scratchy but that thing be of little consequence to wind in his Hair . he love the tunic . with urging sign he ask the lieutenant to put on the breastplate . dunbar slip it over he head and wind in his Hair help he with the tie . now it 's the lieutenant 's turn to be amaze . the breastplate as craftsmanship at its finest . he run he finger over the ridge of bone now cover he from neck to waist . he look up at wind in his Hair . the warrior nod approvingly , as though a good deal have heen strike . dunbar this be too much ... I can not take this ... but for wind in his Hair it be already a trade . wind in his Hair spot the next fireside and veer toward it . dunbar hold he back . dunbar I can not ... no more ... wind in his Hair grin . he hold up a single finger . wind in he hair one more ... eat ... dunbar I can not , I be full ... very full ... still hold up the finger , he guide dunbar into the firelight of the next party . immediately , man jump up to greet the celebrity . woman begin to see off more meat . ext . feasting FIRE - night as dunbar gnaw on a rib , he glance at the friendly face around the fire . his eye suddenly stop they rove . a big warrior be wear the military hat he lose on the hunt . it 's a little too big . the brim touch the top of the big warrior 's ear . now the Big warrior notice that dunbar be stare at he . they eye meet . dunbar that 's my hat . at the sound of this word the cheerful talk around the fire begin to fade . dunbar touch the top of he head and point to he hat . dunbar my hat . big warrior I find it on the prairie . it 's mine . a silence fall between the two men. wind in his Hair speak . wind in he hair that hat belong to my friend here . big warrior he leave it on the prairie . he do not want it . wind in he hair you can see that he want it now . the Big warrior shake he head . he will not budge . wind in he hair we all know that be a soldier hat . we all know who wear it . if you want to keep it that 's alright . but give something for it . the other man around the fire murmur they assent . the Big warrior think for a moment then abruptly get to he foot . he look at he waist and unfasten a knife in a beautiful work scabbard . he toss it across to dunbar . the lieutenant examine the trade item a moment . now he look back at the big warrior . a smile break slowly across he face and dunbar nod . at last he smile back . it 's a trade . and at that , the cheerful voice around the fire be at it again . dunbar take he new knife out and as he watch the light flicker off the blade a voice come into he ear . wind in he hair ( point to he head ) good trade . dunbar look into he smile face . he laugh . dunbar yes , it 's good . but , I have to sleep . he excuse himself and walk away from the light of the fire , find himself alone in the shadow , still marvel at he breastplate . ext . temporary camp - night wind in his Hair finish suck on the rib bone and toss it to a dog that 's be trail he . kick Bird be walk toward he . he notice the new tunic and give wind in his Hair a dubious look . kicking bird where be loo ten tant ? wind in he hair I eat he . kick Bird reach out and feel the strange material on either side of wind in his Hair 's chest . wind in he hair I trade for it . kicking bird do it scratch the skin ? wind in he hair a little . but do you see how good it look . everyone say it look good . everyone . ext . temporary camp - night dunbar keep to the shadow as he make he way through camp . now he slow he step . Light from another fire be spilling into he path . there 's music too . and sing . the voice be high and feminine . dunbar peer around a lodge . a group of young woman be dance in a clockwise circle . they step be light-heart . this be dance purely for the fun of it . one of the young woman spot he stand behind the lodge and there 's a wave of shy giggle as news of " loo ten tant 's " presence be pass along . embarrass , dunbar start along the fringe of the fire , nodd politely to the woman as he go . one have more courage than the other . she break out , take he hand and steer he gently into the dance circle . whatever resistance he might have be bury by the girl 's insistent encouragement . she keep show he the step and the lieutenant try to pick it up . the movement be simple and the music be mesmerize . awkward at first , dunbar quickly get the hang of it . in short order , he 's keep up with the other . and he 's enjoy himself . soon he have relaxed enough to shut he eye , carry along by the eternal sound of the drum . he do not notice that the circle have begin to shrink . there be a touch of the devil in they eye . he bump into somebody and the woman behind bump into he . but the girl just laugh and so do dunbar . it be a pleasant accident . but quickly there 's another accident . and then all they body be squeezing against he . the girl be murmure good thing to he . they hand be touch he everywhere . it 's okay with dunbar . everybody 's have a good time . the drum suddenly stop however , and the woman scatter away from the fire , leave dunbar suddenly alone . kick Bird be stand not far off . dunbar they ask I to dance ... the medicine man say nothing . dunbar I be just dance ... the lieutenant do a step or two , try to explain . finally , that strange half - smile appear on kick Bird 's face . ext . kicking bird lodge - night stands with a fist have be watch everything from the tipi flap . now she duck back inside . int . kicking bird lodge - night the fire be still burn in the center of the lodge . dunbar be sleep soundly . it 's not a moment later that we hear the soft sound of mumble somewhere in the lodge . then it 's quiet . there 's that mumble again . and now a woman 's giggle . dunbar stir , waking and curious , sit up a little and look across the fire . there be movement on kick Bird 's platform . the medicine man 's head and that of he wife come into view for a second or two before they sink back down into shadow . the movement and sound that follow become more forceful . they be have sex . embarrass , the lieutenant avert he eye , they happen over the form of kick Bird 's deeply sleep child , the low -burn fire , and settle on stands with a fist 's back . Lieutenant dunbar , the sound of lovemake float over he , peer again in that direction only to meet the smile eye of kick Bird and he wife . embarrass again , he stare open - eye at the ceiling . he look like a man who know something be happen but do not know what it be . stands with a fist 's eye be open too . she do not move . ext . village - dawn the faintest seam of light be start to glow on the eastern horizon . ext . kicking bird lodge - dawn the camera pan off the tipi to the eastern horizon . it 's the pony herd . and dunbar be walk in that direction . his foot leave a trail in the wet grass . first one , then two , then whole group of pony lift they head and prick they ear at dunbar 's approach . dunbar walk to the edge of this great sea of horse , he stop and give a long whistle . a figure , previously unseen , sit up on the back of a pony . it 's smile a lot . he and dunbar glance blankly at each other . but in a moment , both be distract by movement in the herd . horse be be gently ease out of the way by cisco who be answer dunbar 's call . a moment later and they be reunite at the edge of the herd . grasp a hunk of cisco 's mane , dunbar start to lead he back to the village . the temporary camp be start to come to life . and with cisco at he side , dunbar pause to take in the scene . ext . sedgewick - dusk a escort of six warrior be gallop up the bluff to join the rest of the column as they make they way back to camp . dunbar look on , a travois of meat next to he and give a last wave . dunbar ( v.o. ) to stay any longer would have be useless . we have all the meat we could possibly carry . we have hunt for three day , lose half a dozen pony and only three man injure . many time I have feel alone but until this afternoon , I have never feel completely lonely . int . quarter - day the person we see from the waist up bear little resemblance to the Lieutenant dunbar we have know . his long hair hide he face on he slightly bent head . his skin be not so white anymore , and the great bone - pipe breastplate cover he torso . dunbar start to write and stop , he repeat this action . it be clear that as Lieutenant dunbar , he can find nothing to say . he lay the pen down momentarily . dunbar ( v.o. ) make a long patrol today . there be nothing to report . the truth be I be bored . there be the scurry of movement and the scratch of tiny paw . his eye roam to the place in the corner where sack of flour and hard biscuit and other provision be store . watch the sack more closely , he see that they be infest with mouse . restlessly , he walk to the doorway , gaze out onto the old fort . the awning be beginning to tear at the corner . and then he spot something . ext . quarter - day a large prairie chicken be lie in front of the quarter . dunbar squat next to it . it 's neck carry puncture , and when he dab a finger on the wound , he find that the blood be still wet . the lieutenant rise slowly , he sharp eye sweeping the fort . he 's wait patiently in he usual spot on the bluff overlook the river . two sock . dunbar smile and shake he head . watch he old friend , he pick up the bird and begin to pluck with a ease that suggest he 's have some experience . ext . quarter - night dunbar be gnaw happily at the last of the bird , still on its skewer . after a couple of bite , he slip the carcass off the stick and chuck it out to two sock . he lick he finger and gaze out into the night . dunbar ( v.o. ) though only two day it seem like a week . I be miss the company of my new friend . I can see all of they face , but somehow it be not enough . tomorrow , I will make a unannounced visit . after all , they be my neighbor , what can it hurt ? ext . bluff - night two sock have take he dinner and retreat to the shadow . he munch contentedly until a strange sound jolt he to attention . at the fort be a odd sight . dunbar be dance around the fire , occasionally sing out a energetic whoop . two sock be catch up in the scene and let out a howl of he own . it could be the stone age . ext . bluff - night the silhouettes of three Indians be watch the strange performance below . one of they be wind in his Hair . down below dunbar continue to dance . ext . prairie - day there be nothing for mile . cisco and dunbar be walk toward we . his boot be pretty wear and he stripe trousers have fade to almost nothing . the breastplate shine in the sun . his rifle lie in the crook of he arm , indian style . dunbar twist around on cisco and look back across the prairie . he call out . dunbar go home . dunbar watch a moment to see if he 's do any good , then turn forward with a sour look . dunbar damn he . dunbar make he way through a small , grassy valley border by roll slope . he look across the prairie . two sock be about fifty yard out , trot parallel to cisco and dunbar . exasperate dunbar pull cisco up and slide off . two sock sit , wait and watch . ext . bluff - day Far down in the valley the figure of Lieutenant dunbar be stride through the grass . he look angry . when he 's within a few foot of two sock , dunbar wave he arm and stamp a foot two sock scurries to one side but do not go far . dunbar c'mon two sock ... you can not go ... so go home . dunbar repeat he shooing motion and the wolf hop a few foot . dunbar alright then , do not go home . but stay ... stay right here . dunbar turn away and as he do a long , low and mournful howl swell behind he . he look back . two sock muzzle be high in the air and one eye be train on dunbar hope for a good reaction . like a angry father who 's have too much , dunbar charge two sock with a roar . dunbar you go home . the wolf race away this time and dunbar immediately run for cisco , hope to reach he horse and ditch two sock . but he 's run long before the wolf come bounce alongside . dunbar weave out at he , startling two sock . he sidle away but as he do the lieutenant reach out and give the base of he tail a good hard squeeze . it might as well be a firecracker . tow sock give a yelp and shoot off with he tail tuck . dunbar laugh out loud . he watch until the wolf have go a fair distance without sign of slow down . then still chuckle to himself , he turn once again and start for cisco at a trot . but moment later , something grab at one of he ankle , the lieutenant 's leg tangle and he go down face first into the grass . dunbar 's lie on he belly . not know what hit he , he roll onto he side for a closer look . there 's two sock , sit in the grass a few foot back . dunbar sit up cross - legge and smile at he old friend . two sock catch something suddenly , perhaps from a shift in the wind , and start to slink away . dunbar peer over the grass up at the bluff . it 's Stone calf , kick Bird and wind in his Hair . ext . prairie - day the indian entourage be riding slowly toward Lieutenant dunbar . Stone calf be at kick Bird 's side . stone calf you be right about loo ten tant -- he be a special white man . kick Bird watch dunbar as he reply . kicking bird yes , he be special ... he should have a real name . ext . indian village - day Lieutenant dunbar 's arrival this day be different from the one which have go before . Young mount warrior have ride out to swarm around he , but they be full of good cheer reserve for a special friend . there 's much backslapp and a few of they lean in to shake hand as they have see he do . but some of the man have choose to remain in front of they lodge . they expressionless face anything but friendly . none of this be lose on wind in his Hair . he have the look of a secret service man watch a president , as the parade move through the village . ext . kicking bird lodge - day the escort dismount and so do the lieutenant . smile a lot suddenly come forward and grasp cisco 's rein . there 's a brief tug of war . but before it get out of hand , kick Bird be reassure dunbar with calm word and a smile , with the lieutenant watch , the boy take cisco 's muzzle between he hand and blow breath into each nostril . he too give dunbar a reassure smile . in the next moment , the lieutenant find himself be gently push into kick Bird 's lodge . as kick Bird be about to duck in behind he , a hand on he arm stop he . it be wind in his Hair and he tone be strong with friendly advice . wind in he hair not everyone think it be a good idea that he be here . kicking bird I know . wind in his Hair turn to the people that have gather about . wind in he hair kick Bird have business with the white man . let he do it . int . kicking bird lodge - day kick Bird 's pipe be a beautiful piece of work . it 's be smoke . kick Bird puff away a few time and hand the pipe to dunbar . the lieutenant , aware that the pipe be something special , handle it with care . he look to kick Bird for guidance as he put he mouth to the tip . the medicine man reassure he with a wave of the hand and dunbar begin to puff . dunbar cough lightly at the harsh tobacco but he smoke well , watch the bowl pulse with life at each puff . he stop now and lower the pipe . he stare down . the pipe seem almost alive as it lay in he hand . dunbar hand the pipe back , and as kick Bird take it he hear the light tinkling of bell . dunbar hear it too . as he look toward the sound , a shadow fall across the arbor 's entrance . kicking bird we be wait for you . stands with a fist duck through the arbor 's entrance and seat herself between dunbar and kick Bird . stands with a fist be wear a band of bell around one ankle . she have a pair of simple but pretty moccasin on she foot . her dress be old but well - care for . Animal tooth be sewn along she bodice . on she wrist be a solid brass bracelet . her hair be tie back loosely with a bret , accent the feminine in she face . her whiteness seem to show more than ever . but it be not dominant . the sioux be dominant . kicking bird ( to dunbar ) welcome . it be good that you be here . kick Bird look to stands with a fist . she take she time and the word be accented but they be close enough . stand with a fist hullo . you here ... good . the word be sweet music to the lieutenant . he reply with a feel of great relief . dunbar thank you ... I feel good . stand with a fist ( to kick Bird ) he thanks you . it be good . kicking bird ask he why he be at the soldier fort . stand with a fist ( to dunbar ) uhh ... you ... come ... dunbar jump in . there be thing he want to know , have wait a long time to know . dunbar wait ... what be you name ? stand with a fist we ... name ? kicking bird what do he say ? stand with a fist he want to know how we be call . kicking bird ahhh ... he 's right . I be sorry . the medicine man nod agreeably . he smile at dunbar , quite right , introduction should come first . stand with a fist he ... he ... kick ... dunbar kick ? stand with a fist more . she kick at the ground with the toe of she moccasin . dunbar do not get it . she kick a little harder . dunbar kick ? stand with a fist kick ... yes ... kick ... Bird . dunbar ( to kick Bird ) kick Bird ... ( to stands with a fist ) what do he ... be he a chief ? stands with a fist have the word but it take a few second to make it come out of she mouth . stand with a fist hul ... hal ... ho - lee ... holy ... holy man . dunbar oh ... ( glance at kick Bird ) a brief silence . kick Bird seem ready to speak but dunbar be too quick . dunbar ( to stands with a fist ) you name ... you . she think . it 's hard . she smile thinly . stand with a fist I do not know . a idea come to she . she stand up quickly . dunbar up? get up ? stand with a fist no . she repeat the movement again . dunbar stand . her smile be a little wider this time . stand with a fist yes ... stands . dunbar start to speak but she cut he off . stand with a fist more ... ( think ) wiff ... ( quickly ) with . she draw something in the dirt . it 's a " a " . dunbar stands with a ... now she make a fist and hold it close to dunbar 's face . dunbar fist ? she nod . dunbar stands with a fist . I be John ... John dunbar . stand with a fist John dunbar . dunbar yes . ext . village - day kick Bird and dunbar be strolling through camp engage in a real conversation , stands with a fist be just behind they . dunbar ( v.o. ) I try to answer all of kick Bird 's question but I know he be frustrated with I . he always want to know how many more white people be come . I tell he that it be impossible for I to say . when he persist I tell he that the white people will most likely pass through this country and nothing more . kick Bird and stands with a fist be walk away from dunbar , who take a few step in the opposite direction before pause . toward the end of the follow speech he glance back at they and stands with a fist glance back at he . dunbar ( v.o. ) but I be speak to he in half - truth . one day there will be too many , but I can not bring myself to tell he that . I be sure that stands with a fist know . int . dunbar' lodge - night his surroundings be completely indian , dunbar be clean the big navy revolver . dunbar ( v.o. ) a war party be go against the pawnee soon and I have ask to go . I sense that I have make a mistake in do so but I could not bring myself to take it back . they be my friend and from what little I gather the pawnee have be very hard on this people . I hope I have not overstep my bound . the lodge flap rustle and in come stands with a fist and kick Bird . dunbar stand to greet they . dunbar I be glad to see you ... please sit . kick Bird speak and stands with a fist translate . stand with a fist ( translate ) kick Bird want to know why you want to make war on the pawnee . they have do nothing to you . dunbar they be sioux enemy . stand with a fist ( translate ) only sioux warrior will go . dunbar I ask that he would think about my go . stand with a fist he have . dunbar then tell he this . I have be a warrior for longer than many of the young man that will go on this war party . tell he . stand with a fist ( translate ) he say that the sioux way of be a warrior be not the white way . you be not ready . dunbar I know , I understand . but I can not learn this way in camp . she translate this to kick Bird . the medicine man hesitates then speak once more . stand with a fist he ask that you watch over he family while he be go . dunbar look to kick Bird then to stands with a fist unable to mask he disappointment . stand with a fist ( on she own ) this thing he ask you ... it be a great honor for you . dunbar think a moment longer and speak directly to kick Bird . dunbar I will be happy to watch over you family . stand with a fist ( translate ) he thanks dance with wolf for come . dunbar who be dance with wolf ? stand with a fist it be the name which everyone be call you now . he think and remember the night with two sock . dunbar dance with wolf ... that 's right . ( to stands with a fist ) how do you say it ? stand with a fist ( in sioux ) dance with wolf . dunbar ( in sioux to kick Bird ) dance with wolf . the medicine man smile . ext . kicking bird lodge - dawn Black shawl be hurry out of the lodge with she husband 's bow and arrow . a war party of twenty warrior be mount and everyone except sleep child be out to say goodbye . stands with a fist be help to load kick Bird 's horse with last minute preparation . out of the tipi come kick Bird 's eldest child . he be sleepy but almost on the verge of tear as he know what be happen . kick Bird pick up the boy . what be say be between father and son . and it be just a look . he hand the child to stands with a fist , and pause to speak with he wife . she come close to tear but there will be no cry . none from kick Bird either . he step back to he horse . kicking bird ( to stands with a fist ) keep on with the white man talk if it please you . stand with a fist I like to make the white man talk . dance with wolf be stand alone in front of he lodge . wind in his Hair be riding past . he reach down and shake dance with wolf ' hand . the big warrior smile . dance with wolf watch the warrior go by , but he eye begin to wander . he 's look for someone among the face of the woman . who ever it be , he can not find she . int . arbor - day dance with wolf sit alone in the arbor . he 's fidgety . now he hear a light tinkling of bell , the sound he 's be wait to hear . her foot appear in the doorway . stand with a fist ( o.s. ) dance with wolf ? dance with wolve I be here . ext . village - day dance with wolf and stands with a fist be walk through the village , talk and point thing out to each other . stand with a fist ( slowly in english ) grass grow on the prairie . dance with wolve ( not sure in sioux ) Fire life on the prairie . stands with a fist chuckle but politely check herself . stand with a fist wrong . she smile and try again . stand with a fist ( in english ) that man be a fighter . he really want to get one right on the first try . his brow come together as he concentrate . dance with wolve again . he listen hard . stand with a fist that man be a fighter . dance with wolf think some more . when he speak it be with quiet confidence . dance with wolve ( in english ) alright ... I have it ... ( in sioux ) that man ... stand with a fist yes ... dance with wolve be ... dance with wolf ' eye get big . he lean forward for emphasis he whole face light with the joy of have the right answer . dance with wolve a ... bone ! stands with a fist double up and fall onto she side , laugh all the way . dance with wolve a bone ... right ? stands with a fist do not really hear . she 's rock back and forth on the floor of the arbor , laugh so hard that she eye be tear . her laughter subside to a occasional chuckle but dance with wolf be quiet . he gaze at she face . dance with wolve what be the word for beautiful ? stands with a fist hesitates in she answer , meeting he gaze . a little boy poke he head in . little boy what be you do here ? the moment be break . stands with a fist bring herself to respond . stand with a fist it be hot . we be sit in the shade . this make so much sense to the little boy that he trot in and fling himself on stands with a fist 's lap . then a squirm or two . little boy I be hungry . stand with a fist alright . stands with a fist lead the little boy off to a lodge . dance with wolf watch she walk away . from out of nowhere , smile a lot appear . he 's be milling about the arbor eavesdropp , and look over to dunbar with a teasing smile . smile a lot ...a bone . int . kicking bird lodge - night Black shawl be settling the youngest child in for bed , stands with a fist be play with the oldest of the child . they be set up a child 's tipi . black shawl how be dance with wolf ? stands with a fist stare straight ahead as if she be wonder the same thing . which she be . stand with a fist what do you mean ? black shawl how be he learn ? stand with a fist he learn well ... he be fast . case close , she go back to play and Black shawl continue put the kid to bed . she look again at stands with a fist wonder " what do you think I mean ? " ext . kicking bird lodge - day dunbar be sit on cisco . it 's plain he 's be wait for someone . stands with a fist pull aside the lodge flap , she 's lug a couple water bag . dance with wolve you go for water ? his sioux be perfect , and she smile . stand with a fist yes . dance with wolve let we take you . ext . river trail - day cisco make he way down the river trail , he shy at the flurry of wing as a covey of quail fly up before they . stands with a fist tighten she grip around dance with wolf waist . ext . river - day stands with a fist draw water into a set of bladder bag . dance with wolf squat next to she , stare at the eddy stream . dance with wolve how do you get you name ? stands with a fist smile to herself as she fill up the last of the bag . stand with a fist I be not very old when I come to be with the people ... I be make to work . she lug the fill bag onto shore and sit next to dance with wolf . stand with a fist I work every day ... very hard ... there be a woman who do not like I . she call I bad name ... sometimes she beat I . one day she be call I this bad name , she face in my face , and I hit she . I be not very big , but she fall down . she fall hard and do not move . I stand over she with my fist and ask if any other woman want to call I bad name ... ( laugh at the recollection ) no one bother I after that day . dance with wolve I would not think so . a little silence . dance with wolve show I where you hit she . he tap he jaw . she make a fist and brushes very gently at the point of he jaw . dance with wolf ' eye flutter . they roll up in he head and he keel over backward ... out cold . she go with the joke . bend over he she slap lightly at each side of he cheek , until dance with wolf revive . he sit up , rub he jaw . neither one acknowledge the joke and , a sudden awkwardness fall between they . stands with a fist fiddle shyly with the tie on the water bag while dance with wolf draw line in the earth with a stick . finally he work up the courage to ask a delicate question . dance with wolve why be you not marry ? the question come as a jolt to stands with a fist . she stop she fiddling . a visible stiffness overtake she . she quickly stand up . stand with a fist I must go . dance with wolf do not know what to do . he only know that he should not have ask the question . she sling the heavy bag over she shoulder and start back up the path . dance with wolf jump to he foot . dance with wolve I be sorry . let I help ... but the word be deliver to she back . she be already hurry up the path with she heavy load . stand with a fist no . five pony have wonder into the middle of the path . she kick violently at the nearest innocent bystander . the horse shy out of the way . he 's leave alone at the water edge , frustrated and confuse . he watch she go for a moment . then he let the stick drop from he hand . he stare at it for a second then give it a vicious little kick . int . kicking bird lodge - day stands with a fist be sit in the middle of the lodge , she start when Black shawl walk in . black shawl you be not talk today ? stand with a fist no , I be not . Black shawl give she a deeper look , then let it go . int . arbor - dusk the sun be set and the village be settling in for the evening . int . dance with wolve ' lodge - night lying on he bed , dance with wolf look sleepy as he stare - across at the small fire . even , in he drowsiness , it be easy to see he 's concentrate ... in this case on a certain someone . int . arbor - day again , dance with wolf be wait . this time , not so patiently . he give up and leave in search of something . ext . indian village - day dance with wolf be wander through the village , half - heartedly look for stands with a fist . the day be very hot and the village be quiet . most of the people have go to shade . he see Stone calf sit in the shade behind a lodge . a newly make shield hang from a tripod and he be painting a design on it . ext . stone calf lodge - day dance with wolf sit in the shade with Stone calf , watch the older man paint . stone calf some of you word be wrong ... but you be learn fast . that be good . what can I tell you today ? dance with wolf be a little take aback . the elder have read he mind . he decide to speak it . dance with wolve I want to know about stands with a fist . for the first time , Stone calf leave he work . he give he visitor a quick and penetrate look . then he go back to he shield . stone calf what be you question ? dance with wolve there be no man with she . Stone calf consider before he speak . it be not something he want to get into . stone calf she be in mourn . dance with wolve I do not understand " mourn " . stone calf she be cry for someone . dance with wolve crying for who ? stone calf it be not polite to speak of the dead ... but I will tell you ... you be new . she cry for she husband . he be kill not long ago . the blood have go out of dance with wolf ' face . he try to digest this . dance with wolve how long will she cry ? stone calf it be kick Bird 's place to say when she be finish . int . kicking bird lodge - day stands with a fist kneel before Black shawl , the older woman be comb out the tangles in she hair . Black shawl sense a tension in the girl and gently try to pry it out of she . black shawl people be talk about you ... stands with a fist stiffen a bit . stand with a fist what be they say ? black shawl they be proud of the medicine you be make with dance with wolf . stands with a fist be quiet . stand with a fist I have hurt he and I must go talk to he . black shawl you can not , he be go . stands with a fist bolt up , racing to the lodge flap -- she pull it aside and be stunne by the sight of dance with wolf ' abandon lodge -- cisco be nowhere to be see . she turn away , tear come to she eye . Black shawl be beside she watch -- the girl 's emotion have betrayed she . Black shawl take the cry girl into she arm . a child run into the lodge but Black shawl indicate " not now . " the message be clearly understand , and the child dig in he heel and head the other way . ext . fort - day the breeze be up and the remain shred of canvas that be once the awning be fly like tatter flag . lead cisco , dance with wolf walk into view . it will be he last visit to he old home and he be take he time . he watch the blow canvas . the sound of it snap be all that can be hear . he step over to the supply house . he start to peer in , but when he place a hand against the sod , part of the wall give way . int . quarter - pay part of the old bed have collapse but some of it be still strong enough for support and here dance with wolf be sit as he leaf through he beloved journal . he read a little entry here and there , sometimes smile at the memory . a few blank page remain at the back of the book . reaching this he close the journal and hold it on he lap , let he mind run for a moment . now he notice the old pen and ink . he pick they up and open the journal for one last entry . he write : " I love stands with a fist " and sign himself " dance with wolf . " something be move outside and dunbar stop , draw he gun out . he drop the book on the bed and carefully move outside . ext . quarter - day lying in the sun a few foot away be two sock . he look up hopefully at dance with wolf . the two partner stare at each other for a moment . then dance with wolf reach into a little day pouch at he side and pull out a strip of jerky . he squat close to the ground and offer the meat to the wolf . two sock be up now . he take several tentative step . his nose sniff at the meat and he open he mouth . teeth and finger touch as the wolf take the meat delicately . now , in he customary style , he move away , head out onto the prairie with he prize . dance with wolf watch a moment longer . then he vault onto cisco 's back and they canter off in the direction of the village . ext . riverside - day stands with a fist be wading through the water , she mind be far away . in a moment there be a shift in the wind . the rustling of the tree alert she to a presence she have not think to feel before . gradually , she raise she eye to see the figure of a man move through the tree ... dance with wolf . stands with a fist walk slowly out of the water . he open he arm and she melt into they , let she head rest against he chest . stand with a fist I be in mourn . dance with wolve I know ... Stone calf tell I . she press she body full against he , feel all of he . stand with a fist no one can know ... we must be careful . dance with wolve yes . stand with a fist we must be careful . she climb higher into he arm for a moment . then , support each other , the lover move into the cover of the willow break along the river . ext . river path - day the path lead to the river be desert . suddenly , a couple step out of the cover of the willow alongside the path . stands with a fist and dance with wolf look up and down the path . they start for the village , hold hand . as they near the top of the trail they hand part . a few step later and someone call from the bush startling dance with wolf . smile a lot what be you do ? smile a lot , Worm and otter be sit pathside . Worm be hold a sack . dance with wolve nothin' . smile a lot look to stands with a fist . stand with a fist nothin' . Worm open the sack . a large , wriggle snake lie in the bottom . worm we get a snake . otter we be gonna see if it can swim the river . you wanna come ? dance with wolve okay . the two party split up and everyone say goodbye to stands with a fist . she make she way up to the village . dance with wolf watch she go . turn back to head down to the river , he be greet by the open hiss mouth of Worm 's snake . dance with wolve do not do that ! Worm and otter laugh and race off down the path . smile a lot and dance with wolf follow , dance with wolf a little ahead . something on he back , something curious , have capture smile a lot 's attention . there 's a strange coating of fuzz on dance with wolf ' back . something occur to smile a lot . he stop and turn , he eye go up the trail . stands with a fist be walk toward the village , it 's there on she back too ... cattail fuzz . smile a lot laugh and run to catch dance with wolf . the boy slap dunbar with a know pat and a big grin . int . dance with wolve ' lodge - night dance with wolf sit at he cozy fire , work on a pipe . he follow a low rumble of thunder as it roll overhead . Thunder boom again and suddenly stands with a fist come through the lodge flap . dance with wolf come to he foot . they stare across at each other . dance with wolf walk slowly to she and they embrace lightly . stands with a fist start to slip out of she dress . ext . indian village - night indian rider be come into camp . there be three or four of they . one man be sling over a pony 's back . he 's dead . all of the other be wounded . int . dance with wolve ' lodge - night dance with wolf and stands with a fist be have sex . the sound of they love- make be suddenly join by more insistent sound from outside . urgent yell . the lover freeze . stands with a fist prop herself on a elbow , listen . stand with a fist trouble ... ext . indian village - night dance with wolf hurry through a light rain to the scene of a commotion go on at ten bear ' lodge . there 's a real sense of panic in the air by the time he reach the fire outside ten bear ' lodge . it 's a wild scene . ten bear be try to huddle with he advisor , the wounded man be try to tend they injury and the rest of the warrior in camp be hold little skull session amidst much shouting . woman be run to and for , round up they child . dance with wolf spot stands with a fist make she way toward he . her eye be big with terror . stand with a fist pawnee ... a big party ... thirty or forty men. ( indicate wounded ) the kiowa hunter find they not far to the north . the pawnee be come he way . soon they will find we camp . Stone calf be just pass by . dance with wolf stop he . dance with wolve Stone calf ... I follow you . the older man do not mince word . stone calf the pawnee do not come for horse , they come for blood ... and with many man go , we be few . dance with wolf nod . stone calf get you weapon and come to my lodge . stand with a fist ( to dance with wolf ) I will go . she rush off and dance with wolf fall into step behind Stone calf . he have not go two step before a revelation hit he . dance with wolve Stone calf ... wait ... the older warrior face he . dance with wolve I have gun ... many far-shoot gun . ext . ten bear ' lodge - night amid the pandemonium of the village , dance with wolf and ten bear be talk . Stone calf stand at ten bear ' side , listen . ten bear no , the ride be long ... the weather be bad . we can spare no man . dance with wolve gun would make one warrior like two . the idea intrigue ten bear . as he think , he look to Stone calf . but the elder warrior say nothing . ten bear take one man and go quickly . dance with wolf turn away now , hope to make a quick choice . but in they excitement all the warrior be busy run to and for . only one person be stand resolutely . he be stare straight at dance with wolf . it be smile a lot , and from the look on he face it 's easy to see that he want to be choose . dance with wolf return the boy 's stare , try to make up he mind . he turn to ten bear . dance with wolve I will take smile a lot . ten bear look briefly at smile a lot . he too can see resolve in the boy 's face . now he look once again at dance with wolf . he nod . ext . prairie - night rain be pour now . Thunder be still booming . a great fork of lightning illuminate the ruin of the old fort . and nearby , it reveal two rider out in the grass . dance with wolf and smile a lot have bring a couple extra horse with travois , but be be dark and in the rain they have be reduce to look for a needle in a haystack . dance with wolf ' face be grim with frustration as it cover the ground at cisco 's foot . smile a lot and he pony be walk the soggy ground . over the tumult of the storm there be the faint but distinct sound of a " snap " . he 's stare curiously at the ground beneath he pony 's foot . smile a lot jump off and , go on all four , he paw over the ground . his hand grasp something and he hold it up to he face . it 's a sliver of bone shattered at one end . quickly he grope some more and find the other half . together they be a buffalo rib . smile a lot ( shouting over the storm ) dance with wolf ... dance with wolf . ext . prairie - night frenzied hand claw away mud and sod . something wooden be uncover ; the lid of a rifle crate . ext . prairie - dawn the sky be still full of thunder and lightning but in the break dawn the storm can be see to be lift . the village be just ahead down a long slope as the gun finder come into view . a great bolt of lightning hit just as dance with wolf start down the slope . he see something . dance with wolve wait . smile a lot stop . dance with wolf squint into the feeble light . he can see the outline of the village below , but upriver the light be still too murky to make anything out . another bolt of lightning flash . there they be . a long line of horseman crossing river a mile or so upstream from the village . the pawnee . ext . indian village - dawn in front of ten bear ' lodge , dance with wolf be pass out the last of the rifle . Warrior be grab handfuls of bullet out of a open ammo box . ten bear be watch this procedure . and while he watch , he think . the gun have be pass out and , except for a slight murmur among the warrior , it 's strangely quiet . the band 's best fighter be go and many man do not know what to do next . they be look to ten bear for leadership . but the old man be look at dance with wolf . he hold up a hand for quiet . ten bear hear we now . ( to dance with wolf ) a white soldier with many far-shoot gun ... how would he fight the pawnee ? everyone be wait . dance with wolve I would hide in the village . the warrior send up a chorus of derisive cry but ten bear angrily quiet they . ten bear dance with wolf have not finish . dance with wolve I would let the enemy think we be asleep ... let he come close . then we would shoot together and run to fight they , drive they into the river and kill so many that they would never trouble we again . ten bear smile . ten bear I be of the same mind as dance with wolf ... we should kill so many that they never trouble we again . ext . river - dawn two of the camp dog be lap water at the river 's edge , behind they lie the quiet village . suddenly both head jerk up . int . kicking bird lodge - dawn dance with wolf step into the lodge , follow by smile a lot . they both have rifle and dance with wolf ' old long - barrel revolver be holster at he waist . before he be a quiet , tense scene . the woman be huddle together on a single sleep platform . kick Bird 's three child nestle between they . two of the kid be cry softly . Black shawl grip a hatchet and stands with a fist have a rifle . they will both fight . but they be both scared . everyone in the village have a life at stake . in one glimpse , dance with wolf understand what he will be fight for . he look once more at the woman and child and duck out of the lodge . ext . river - dawn the foot of the enemy be move past the dog , whose body be still and riddled with arrow . in front of they the river be full of pawnee crossing over toward the village . there be no sound . ext . indian village - dawn it have stop raining but the ground be still soak and a early morning fog be swirl through the camp . clump in group of five or six , behind the lodge nearest the river , be sioux warrior with rifle . they be absolutely quiet as they wait for the enemy . dance with wolf look across a clear that slope down to the break front the river . nothing . wait . a movement . and another . another . the head of man lurking in the fog . he glance at the defender . most of the warrior be huddle behind the line of lodge watch he . ten bear raise a hand . the pawnee be visible now , a war party at its fiercest , paint and feathered and armed to the tooth . come on foot , the first of they have reach the edge of the clear . they start into a stealthy trot , more and more of they break into a run . a pawnee war cry go up and , as the other join in . ten bear lower he hand . ext . battlefield - dawn in rag formation , the sioux pour from behind the lodge and thirty rifle fire into the vanguard of the pawnee charge . the smoke of many rifle mix with the ground fog as the sioux run scream down on the pawnee . dance with wolf scream too as he run flat out down the slope . a pawnee warrior suddenly loom out of the smoke and they crash together violently . the two fighter tumble over the ground , each grapple for a advantage . the hand to hand fight all around they be furious and , shroud in smoke and fog , it have a surreal quality . dance with wolf work the navy revolver from its holster and shoot the pawnee in the face . ext . kicking bird lodge - dawn a child stick he head out from under the edge of the lodge . momentarily he be jerk back into the lodge out of sight . int . kicking bird lodge - dawn now there 's a rip at the lodge entrance . the flap be be tear away . Black shawl be desperately pull the child back from the edge of the lodge . suddenly , there he be ... a pawnee warrior . but now it 's he turn to be surprised . he see stands with a fist take aim , and it 's too late . she fire the rifle and the pawnee explode back out of the lodge . ext . village - dawn through the smoke , dance with wolf can just catch a glimpse of ten bear . he be move through the village at a trot , load he gun . he spot a sioux warrior grapple with a pawnee , sight and shoot the pawnee point blank . he trot off , reloading once more . ext . battlefield - dawn dance with wolf be bump from behind and be knock to he knee . it 's a frantic pawnee war horse , loose on the battlefield . dance with wolf grab a hunk of mane and swing onto he back . he have a real view now . the pawnee be take a terrible lick . already they be be beat back to the river . a turbane enemy be fall back to the river , fire arrow as he go . dance with wolf go after he . ext . ten bear ' lodge - dawn still clutching he hatchet , a wounded pawnee half stagger toward ten bear ' lodge . he be bleed profusely and in a very bad mood . he reach the close lodge flap . int . ten bear ' lodge - dawn pretty Shield stand in front of a group of child , ready to defend they . the pawnee be inside now . he have a wild desperate look and in a moment he hatchet will be flail its way through this people . but he never take a step . instead he suddenly sink to he knee and we see another arrow join the one that be already bury in he back . the warrior keel over and pretty Shield look through the open flap to see the grin face of Stone calf . without hesitation , pretty Shield snatch a half - burn log from the fire and finish the pawnee . the child watch , they face a mixture of horror and intrigue . ext . battlefield - dawn come off the pony like a rodeo bulldogger , dance with wolf crash through the river take the pawnee in a headlock . somehow they both keep they foot and hurtle down the hill at a weird run . a small cottonwood stop they momentum , the pawnee take most of the blow . dance with wolf grab either side of the man 's head and start bang he skull against the tree trunk . shortly , he notice that the man' eye be dead . the pawnee be impale on impact by the stub of a break branch low on the trunk . dance with wolf shrink back from this gruesome sight and stagger toward the village . ext . village - dawn Stone calf , he bow and arrow at the ready , be look for more enemy to kill . suddenly from the corner of he eye the old man sense a attack . but he be too late . a pawnee war club crush he skull and the old man collapse . now we can see he attacker . it be the fierce pawnee warrior who kill timmon the wagon driver . he glower down at the body of Stone calf and swing he club toward the old man 's head once again . ext . battlefield - dawn dance with wolf squint toward the village just in time to see the toughest take another shot at the prostrate , white - head form of Stone calf . dance with wolf begin to run . ext . village - dawn the toughest have he knife to Stone calf 's forehead and be prepare to scalp he victim when something strike he in the lower leg . he look down to find a small arrow imbed in he calf . he look up to see three boy , otter , Worm , and smile a lot , huddle at the edge of the battlefield . he turn back to finish the job when another arrow hit he . enrage he break off the arrow , leap onto a horse and charge the kid . they face go ashen as the toughest bear down on they . otter 's arrow fly weakly into the air . the boy turn and run for they life . the toughest would catch they with ease but now , he see half a dozen howling sioux warrior angle in to cut he off . he know in a glance that the fight have be lose . he also know that he can still escape if he change direction . he veer for the river . the sioux be distraught . the toughest will get away . but wait , dance with wolf be at full speed now . he be streaking across the battlefield . suddenly , the pawnee himself be hurtle through space , drive there by the full force impact of dance with wolf ' shoulder which have catch he rib high . both man hit the ground grapple and roll . a knife flash in the toughest 's hand and dance with wolf can only react quick enough to keep the knife from a vital spot . as it be , the blade lay open a huge gash on he arm . they square off . the toughest know the advantage be he . he smile grimly at dance with wolf and grunt sadistically . but the sound from he throat be cut short by the simultaneous arrival of five sioux arrow . before the pawnee can fall , six sioux warrior be on he tear he to piece . ext . battlefield - day dance with wolf climb to he foot and discover that the battlefield be no longer so . the fight have stop . it 's a scene of carnage and joy . the pawnee attacker lay where they fall . sioux 1 I kill this one . sioux 2 this one still breathes . the sioux victor be in high spirit as they hop around finish off the wounded and count coup on the dead . dance with wolf look down at himself . his body be streak with blood , much of it he own . his arm be bleed freely but he be too repulse to move forward and too exhaust to retreat into the break . dance with wolf now look up to see the lifeless body of Stone calf . ten bear be hugging he . pretty Shield start to kneel beside she mourn husband . sioux 3 ( o.s. ) dance with wolf ... before he know it , sioux fighter be move all around he , chant he name . like ant roll a pebble up a hill , they push he into the middle of the battlefield . in a daze he allow himself to be carry along . when he look up again he can see woman and child emerge from the lodge . dance with wolve ( v.o . ) it be hard to know how to feel . I have never be in a battle like this one . this have not be a fight for territory or rich or to make man free . this battle have no ego . it have be fight to preserve the food store that would see we through winter , to protect the life of woman and child and love one only a few foot away . I feel a pride I have never feel before . dance with wolf look down and recognize the face of a man he have just kill . several warrior be crowd around he now . dance with wolf point at the body . dance with wolve I shot this one . 1st warrior yes , I see you shoot he . 2 nd warrior you kill that one too . as the sun break fully through the cloud , the little knot of warrior , dance with wolf in they midst , continue its triumphant tour of the battleground . the man be hugging and slapping each other on the back . dance with wolve ( v.o. ) I have never really know who John dunbar be . perhaps because the name itself have no meaning . but as I hear my sioux name be call over and over , I know for the first time who I really be . ext . prairie - day the war party with kick Bird and wind in his Hair at its head have halt in the middle of nowhere . the sioux rider be come toward they at a run . they pull up , excited with what they have to tell . the return war party and the two rider who meet they start ahead at a gallop . int . kicking bird lodge - night Black shawl and stands with a fist be clear thing away . the medicine man have host a dinner party which be now wind down . wind in his Hair be there , dance with wolf and several other prominent warrior . it 's purely social and all the man be enjoy themselves . dance with wolf sneak a look of affection at stands with a fist , and she return it . then , with more theatricality than be really necessary , he stretch he arm and yawn . wind in his Hair look at he friend with surprise . dance with wolf get to he foot . wind in he hair there be gambling tonight ... at horse back 's lodge . horse back 's game be always good . dance with wolve I be tired ... and horse back already have a good rifle of mine . ( to kick Bird ) thank you ... ( to all ) goodnight . he slip out . in a few second , the man have pick up another topic to jawbone . they pay no attention to stands with a fist 's momentary exit , but Black shawl do , it do not bother she , but she notice . int . kicking bird lodge - night the medicine man 's wife be already in bed as he slip under the cover with a grunt . black shawl how long will stands with a fist mourn ? kick Bird give he wife a odd look . kicking bird I do not know . black shawl I hope it will not be too long . kick Bird rise on he elbow . kicking bird something have happen ? well what ? black shawl she have find love again . kicking bird with who ? black shawl dance with wolf . kicking bird be you certain of this ? black shawl when you see they together you will know . kick Bird stare wearily across the floor . kicking bird what be people say ? they be not angry ? black shawl no . they like the match . it make sense . they be both white . kicking bird I suppose I will be the one to say something . a brief silence . black shawl she 's you daughter now . kick Bird glance up frustrated with himself . black shawl you can not see everything come . ext . indian village - day stands with a fist be walk through the village with kick Bird 's youngest child . they be both carry armload of firewood . here come kick Bird . he 's out of breath . kicking bird stands with a fist . stand with a fist yes . kicking bird you be no longer a widow . kick Bird turn abruptly and stalk off , leave stands with a fist to ponder the meaning of he curt announcement . a smile gradually work onto she face . int . dance with wolve ' lodge - day dance with wolf sit wait as a voice come to he from the outside . wind in his Hair 's face poke through the entrance . he step inside , follow by smile a lot . wind in he hair there 's talk that you want to get marry . dance with wolve to who ? wind in his Hair and smile a lot share a smile . smile a lot to stands with a fist . wind in he hair that 's the one be not it ? dance with wolve she 's in mourn . smile a lot not today . wind in he hair she have be release . kick Bird do it . dance with wolve he do ? wind in his Hair be not really listen . he glance around the lodge curiously . wind in he hair what be you do ? dance with wolve kick Bird tell I to wait . wind in he hair you might be wait a long time . smile a lot say he see kick Bird riding on the prairie ... smile a lot whisper in the warrior 's ear . wind in he hair he say he be talk to himself . when a medicine man be the last to know he can take it pretty hard . dance with wolve what do I do ? wind in his Hair look around at the sparse furnish . wind in he hair you be pretty poor my friend and a sioux girl be not for free . I do not know if you can get marry . a long silence . dance with wolf look around he lodge . wind in his Hair be right . he really have nothing . dance with wolve I have the buckskin ... wind in he hair that 's too much medicine . dance with wolve ( to smile a lot ) do you think the buckskin be too much medicine ? smile a lot be on the hot seat . he look to wind in his Hair , but no luck -- he 's on he own . smile a lot for a girl . wind in he hair maybe we can help you ... wait here for we . wind in his Hair and smile a lot leave . ext . dance with wolve ' lodge - day wind in his Hair and smile a lot be greet by seven chuckle warrior . they have be listen to the exchange and move off with the two " helper " . ext . dance with wolve ' lodge - day dance with wolf be inspect several new pony which be tie outside he tipi . now he notice a old couple approach . the old couple leave a gift along with other that have already be bring . the old folk be shy and so be dance with wolf . they glance at one another and smile but do not speak . dance with wolve ( v.o. ) I think we have be discreet but apparently we fool no one . ext . village - dusk dance with wolf tie the last of the pony in front of kick Bird 's lodge and start back toward he own home . dance with wolve ( v.o. ) wind in his Hair say if the match be acccept the pony would be go in the morning . dance with wolf look over he shoulder at the stand pony then he continue on . int . dance with wolve ' lodge - night dance with wolf toss and turn in he bed . he slip out of the cover and duck he head through the lodge flap , check again on the pony . ext . kicking bird lodge - day the pony be go . int . dance with wolve ' lodge - day dance with wolf ' hair be shiny . his breastplate gleam , the officer 's pants have be dust and he old boot have something resembling a shine . the groom be ready . wind in he hair turn around ... dance with wolf do a three -sixty . wind in he hair pretty good ... a brief silence as wind in his Hair contemplate something he want to say . wind in he hair you know , the man she mourn for be my best friend . dance with wolve I do not know that . wind in he hair he be a good man . it 's be hard for I . I be not the thinker kick Bird be . but I think he go away from she because you be come . that be how I see it now . the sound of music and people outside distract both man . ext . dance with wolve ' lodge - day kick Bird be lead the wedding party . stands with a fist by he side . she glow with the special beauty of a bride . many people be stand about quietly , more like simple observer than participant . the whole village be as peaceful as we will ever see it . kick Bird step forward , he wife and stands with a fist follow in he footstep . kicking bird this be a good day for I . dance with wolve and for I . kicking bird stands with a fist ... if you want this man , take he hand in yours . shyly , she hold out a slender , graceful hand . dance with wolf meet it with one of he own . the medicine man look dance with wolf in the eye for several second . dance with wolf also begin to speak ... internally . at first the volume of he voice and that of the medicine man be nearly equal , but kick Bird 's voice quickly begin to fade . dance with wolve ( v.o. ) I have never be marry before . I do not know if all groom have the same experience . but as kick Bird begin to speak about what be expect of a sioux husband , my mind begin to swim in a way that shut out everything but she . the tiny detail of she costume . the contour of she shape . the light in she eye . the smallness of she foot . I know that the love between we would be serve . the medicine man 's voice cut back in . he 's have to say it twice . kicking bird have you hear all that I have say ? dance with wolve yes . kicking bird good , then take she inside ... she be you wife . dance with wolve oh ... good ... thank you ... goodbye ... the newlywed disappear into they new home . the flap be drop and there it stay . the light begin to change , grow darker , the wind come up , blow leave against the door . in the distance there be thunder . ext . indian village - day the lodge flap be still close . but now it be cover in sunshine . smile a lot , Worm and otter be just across the way , bundle now against the chill of oncoming winter . they be watch too . smile a lot be stand next to Worm , -- otter be on he haunch . both be gnaw at a breakfast of dry meat as they talk nonchalantly . worm dance with wolf ' door be close alot this day . smile a lot they be try to make a baby . the two older boy look down at otter . otter I know that . smile a lot you would think they could have make a baby by now . worm maybe they be have a hard time . some people have a hard time . smile a lot I do not think they be have a hard time . otter I neither . a silence as the boy watch smoke curl out of the lodge . Worm laugh to himself . otter maybe we should pull the smoke flap close . then they would come out . the boy look at each other for the first time , they eye brighten . what a great idea ! the two boy be stalking toward dance with wolf ' lodge when they see something that make they peel off in another direction . it 's kick Bird , come to call . kicking bird dance with wolf , be you in there ? in a moment the lodge flap open and dance with wolf step outside . he 's fully dress but a little dishevel . kicking bird I be riding today to a far away place . it be a place I have not see for a long time . a sacred place . I would like you to come with I . dance with wolf ponder this . ext . prairie - day kick Bird and dance with wolf be canter side by side across the open prairie . they pull they horse to a walk and kick Bird glance dance with wolf ' direction . dance with wolf ' glance back and smile . dance with wolve it 's good to be out . kicking bird yes it must be . dance with wolve we be try for a baby . kicking bird no wait ? dance with wolve no wait . the medicine man keep look at he protege . there be virtually no semblance of Lieutenant dunbar leave . kicking bird I be just think that of all the trail in this life , there be one that matter more than all the other . it be the trail of a true human be . I think you be on this trail and it be good to see . dance with wolf do not reply , but he be blush a little . ext . prairie - day dance with wolf and kick Bird gallop they horse to the crest of a steep hill and rein to a halt . down below , mile distant , be the curving line of a river . but there be a section of river , directly before they , that can not be see . it be screen by a mammoth stand of tree , some of they tower a hundred foot or more . he glance at dance with wolf but he companion do not see . he 's stare in wonder at the great forest before he . kicking bird it be say that all the animal be bear here ... that from here they spread over the prairy to feed all the people . even we enemy say this be a sacred place . they start toward the river at a walk . ext . broken forest - day the two rider come out of the sunlight and onto a shade path lead into the forest . they have only go a few yard when kick Bird pull to a stop . the man sit on they horse in complete silence . dance with wolf be still fully entrance . dance with wolve it 's quiet . but kick Bird do not acknowledge he companion 's word . he seem to be concentrate on the quiet . the quiet be wrong and kick Bird know it . he move forward slowly . follow behind kick Bird , dance with wolf ' attention be focus on the tree top above he . a curious buzzing sound have start up and be grow louder by the moment . perhaps there be bee swarm in the branch overhead . now he be distract by cisco come to a stop . kick Bird too have stop . just ahead the forest open into a incredible cathedral - like expanse . sunlight stream down onto the floor in beautiful pool . but still there be a deathly quiet and dance with wolf can see now that this remarkable place have be horribly desecrate . tree have be fell everywhere , most of they leave to rot for no explicable reason . at the same time he see this destruction dance with wolf realize that the strange buzzing sound be not come from overhead but from the forest floor . the insect be not bee . they be fly and they be swarm over dozen of carcass strewn over the ground . badger , skunk , squirrel and other small animal , nearly all of they kill merely for target practice . the man and they pony move on . Deer carcass be everywhere , many of they horribly mutilate . a choice flank portion be cut away here and there , while ninety - five percent of the body have be leave to rot . head and leg have be chop off . dance with wolf pass by a spot where several deer head have be place nose to nose as if the head be have a conversation . someone 's pervert idea of humor . the man ride through the carnage in a sad daze . now they reach the center of the cathedral and here they find a few crude leantos , hewn from freshly cut wood . the people who stay here have bigger plan for all the fell wood , but lose ambition and settle for this ugly hovel . a great pile of wild turkey , perhaps twenty bird in all , sit to one side . they have not even be pluck . just shot and leave to rot . dance with wolf notice half a dozen liquor bottle in a heap of trash . he cannot bring himself to look at kick Bird . any man would be repulse at this sight , but in dance with wolf ' case there be a feel of shame as well . dance with wolve we must wait for this people ... kick Bird say nothing for a long time . kicking bird no , they have be go a week maybe more ... we will water the horse and go home . he turn he pony away . ext . prairie - day kick Bird and dance with wolf be alone on a great sea of prairie . there 's a little fire go . a sage hen be be roast , but for some time we hear nothing but the light crackle of the fire . each man be preoccupy with he own thought , thought of the break forest . dance with wolve you have ask I many time about the white people ... you always ask how many more be come . dance with wolf look at he friend and mentor . dance with wolve there will be a lot my friend ... more than can be count . kicking bird help I to know how many . dance with wolve like the star . this be what kick Bird want to know . and it hit he like a rock . kick Bird bow he head in think while dance with wolf raise he . he never want to say this , he wish it be not true . dance with wolve it make I afraid for all the sioux . int . ten bear ' lodge - day the old man puff away at he trusty pipe . now he lay it down . kick Bird and dance with wolf be wait patiently . ten bear it 's hard to know what to do . the old man get up , walk to he bedside , reach up into the sacred rigging above a take down a melon-size rawhide bundle . he bring this back to the fire and unwrap it slowly . Inside be a rusted hunk of metal , the helmet of a Spanish conquistador . ten bear the man who wear this come in the time of my grandfather 's grandfather . eventually , we drive they out . then the mexican come . in my own time the white come ... the texans . they have be like all the other who find something they want in we country . they take it without ask . I have always be a peaceful man , happy to be in my own country and want nothing from the white people . nothing at all . but I think you be right . I think they will keep come . when I think of that , I look at this bundle . we country be all that we want . we will fight to keep it . he pick up he pipe and puff deeply . ten bear tomorrow morning we will strike the village and go to the winter camp . ext . indian village - day the whole camp be be strike . there be activity everywhere . int . dance with wolve ' lodge - day stands with a fist be pack and so be dance with wolf . he be put away the shield that Stone calf once work on . she pause to stroke she husband 's leg tenderly . stand with a fist you have everything from the soldier fort ? dance with wolve no , there be nothing for I there . stands with a fist laugh as she start out of the lodge . stand with a fist that 's good . but as he tighten the leather thongs on the shield case , dance with wolf ' face begin to cloud . ext . dance with wolve ' lodge - day dance with wolf bolt out of the lodge and snatch up cisco 's rein . he call urgently to stands with a fist . dance with wolve stands with a fist ... wait ... ext . kicking bird lodge - day the village be about ready to move , just a few last minute flurry of activity . dance with wolve the word in the book be like a trail for people to follow . it tell everything about my life here . I must get it . kicking bird we can not wait for you . dance with wolve I will catch up . ext . prairie - day dance with wolf and cisco be canter quickly over the open prairie . ext . sedgewick - day Old Fort sedgewick be just beyond the next rise . dance with wolf ease cisco into a full run . they fly so quickly over the rise that dance with wolf have no time to react . there must be forty or fifty of they ; talk , walk , work and play . Old Fort sedgewick be crawl with they . Blue -coat soldier . just in front of he be a deep - bedd wagon carry a cargo of soldier . they have be out cut wood . but now the man in the wagon be scramble for they rifle and scream out the alarm ... " Indians ! " dance with wolf put everything he have into pull cisco up . the soldier in the wagon , a collection of pimply - face teen - ager and middle - age rabble , be aim they rifle . cisco rear high in the air as the volley be fire from the wagon . dance with wolf be pitch off to one side , landing hard on the ground . when he get he sense back the first thing he see be cisco . the buckskin be lie very still . oblivious to the shout of the soldier racing toward he , dance with wolf run crab-like to he horse 's side . cisco 's be shot several time , one bullet take he in the heart . he 's dead . dance with wolf whirl to face the soldier . dance with wolve you kill he ... that 's the last thing he say . a rifle stock slam into the side of he face and as soldier swarm over he , everything go black . ext . column - day ten bear village be on the trail . kick Bird be riding down the line . he notice stands with a fist . she be terribly distraught . kick Bird glance at the sun . the day be more than half - over . he kick he pony back up the line next to wind in his Hair . kicking bird something have happen ... dance with wolf be not come . wind in he hair he must have trouble . kicking bird pick two good man with fast pony and send they back to the soldier fort . int . supply house - day dance with wolf lie unconscious on the floor of the ruin supply house . one side of he face be grotesquely swollen from the blow he take . blood still seep from a long split of the skin along he cheek . he groan . Voice be play about he ear , the voice of white man . he open he eye . a bearish , bearded sergeant bauer , be squatting directly in front of he . behind the sergeant , peer over the crumble wall like visitor at a zoo , be a crowd of ordinary soldier . bauer spivey ... a pitiful look man , spivey , who be a soldier by name only , answer up . spivey yessir sergeant ... sergeant bauer tell the major he 's wakin ' up ... and move you worthless ass . the sergeant 's smallish eye be fix on dance with wolf . with some effort he manage to get himself into a sit position against the back wall . sergeant bauer get yourself a helluva shiner , do not ya ? dance with wolf only blink at he . his cheek be crush and so be he spirit . someone call attention and two officer walk into the roofless supply house . one be a major , one be a young lieutenant -- Lieutenant elgin -- the officer dance with wolf bump into at Fort hay . neither one recognize the other . major do he speak english ? sergeant bauer do not know sir ... you speak english ? talk english ? ( kick at one of dance with wolf ' boot ) talk ? dance with wolve I speak english ... everyone be shocked at the clarity of the word . major who be you ? dance with wolve Lieutenant John . J. dunbar . this be my post . major why be you dress like this ? dance with wolve I come out from Fort hay last April . but there be no one here . the major and the lieutenant exchange whisper . elgin you have proof of that ? dance with wolve my journal be on the bunk in my quarter . my order be in the journal . it will tell you everything . elgin spivey , you and Edwards be here first . do you find anything ... a journal . spivey shift uncomfortably . spivey we do not see nothin ' sir . elgin where 's Edwards ? spivey he 's outside . but he do not see nothin ' either . elgin indicate to the major that he will get to the bottom of this and walk out the door -- the major follow . dance with wolf let he head slump forward . the man gather around the supply house murmur among themselves , comment on the prisoner . they can not take they eye off he . neither can sergeant bauer . he watch the prisoner from a distance . then he walk across the floor , squat in front of he and whisper coarsely in he face . sergeant bauer you turn injun , din'cha ? dance with wolf lift he head and stare at the sergeant . sergeant bauer din'cha ? the major and the lieutenant suddenly reappear . elgin what be you name ? dance with wolve dunbar ... d.u.n.b.a.r ... John . elgin you say you be a officer ? dance with wolve do you read my order ? elgin no . dance with wolve it be in my journal . elgin there be no order and there be no journal . there be a silence as dance with wolf take this in . elgin try again . elgin why be you out of uniform ? dance with wolf take a long time to answer . dance with wolve I have to relieve myself . ext . sedgewick - day surrounded by guard , dance with wolf be be walk toward a clump of bush . he glance out at the prairie . cisco 's body lie where it fall . Black bird be peck it . guard here you ... eye front . a rifle butt bang he hard between the shoulder blade and dance with wolf attack . before anyone else can move he have take the offend soldier to the ground and be strangling he . another rifle butt crash against he skull and again everything go black . int . supply house - day Water drip from dance with wolf ' head and he come to again . as he move he hear a jangling and discover that he hand and foot be in chain . everyone have assemble . elgin why be you out of uniform ? dance with wolve what be the army do out here ? sergeant bauer shove dance with wolf with he gun . bauer Lieutenant 's askin ' the question here . elgin quickly step in . elgin we be charge with apprehend hostile , recover steal property and retrieve white captive take in hostile raiding . dance with wolve there be no hostile . major we will ascertain that for ourselves . now if you guide we to this camp and serve as a interpreter , you conduct will be reevaluate . dance with wolve what conduct ? major you status as a traitor might improve should you choose to cooperate with the United States Army . dance with wolve ( quietly ) there be nothing for you to do out here . elgin can see that the major 's attitude and inexperience have kill any chance of communication . he make one last try on he own . elgin be you willing to cooperate or not ? major well , speak up ... dance with wolve ( lowly in sioux ) I be dance with wolf ... major what 's that ? dance with wolve ( loudly in sioux ) I be dance with wolf ... I have nothing to say to you . you be not worth talk to . the major be surprised . elgin be not . the major turn on he heel and walk out . Lieutenant elgin stare at dance with wolf . elgin sergeant ... have a detail take he down to the river ... let he clean up he face . ext . river - day dance with wolf kneel by the river , splash water lightly on he batter face . half a dozen soldier be loung around watch he . ext . bushes - day trooper spivey be crapping in the bush . another soldier , crapper , be crapping not far away . spivey can see dance with wolf in the distance , still splash water on he face . now he slip something out of he tunic . it 's the journal . he open it and start to tear out a page , try hard not to make noise . crapper ( o.s. ) you get paper over there spivey ? spivey what 's it to you ? crapper well gimme some shitbird . spivey think . spivey can you read ? crapper naw , I can not read . what the hell do you care ... you can not either . spivey look down at the steal journal , think . spivey alright ... hold you horse . ext . sedgewick - day two sioux scout watch from the brow of a slope above the fort . have spot dance with wolf , they withdraw . we see dance with wolf at a distance , be march back to he " cell " by the detail of soldier . he 's move awkwardly in he chain . int . supply house - day dance with wolf be half - doze against the wall when spivey walk in with a plate of army gruel . he 's follow by sergeant bauer . spivey set the plate in front of the prisoner . he admire the breastplate and like a crow eyeing something shiny , he think to grab for it . suddenly a pair of manacle hand lock on he wrist . dance with wolf face be inch away from spivey . terrify , spivey pull away , kick over the plate of food as he scramble to safety across the room . sergeant bauer lap it up injun . dance with wolf stick a toe under the lip of the plate and flip it over . most of it hit spivey , a little splashes on bauer . spivey move to kick the prisoner , but bauer intercede with he rifle . sergeant bauer go on ahead injun ... you will just get hungrier be all ... but mebbe that do not matter . Word be they be gonna ship you back to hay . and they will hang you once you get there . bauer and spivey leave he and dance with wolf kick out viciously at the spill plate . ext . temporary camp - day there 's a tremendous upheaval . ten bear ' band have halt its march . six painted warrior all heavily armed be jump onto they pony and be hand the line to spare mount . wind in his Hair be they leader . the whole village be up to see they off . smile a lot , paint and carry a bow and quiver ride into the midst of the group . wind in his Hair study the resolute boy . wind in he hair you will hold we horse ... nothing more . smile a lot nod . with a great whooping from the villager , the rescue party roar out of camp . ext . sedgewick - day the wagon be pull out with a escort of seven soldier . dance with wolf ' spirit be very low as he sit in the bed of the jolting wagon . spivey be guard he . elgin be lead the detail . ext . prairie - day . dance with wolf watch a ridge in the distance for any sign of rider . spivey I do not see nobody . ext . prairie - day elgin and one of the escort soldier be scout far out on the prairie . the lieutenant pause and look back at the wagon . it be far behind in the distance , but still come . ext . wagon - day dance with wolf be doze as the wagon jolt across the ground . suddenly a shot ring out . dance with wolf open he eye . the wagon driver be aim he rifle out at something on the prairie . he fire again . dance with wolf look over the wagon bed and see two sock . he 's stand still , fifty yard away . stare in he old inquisitive way at the wagon . spivey lookit the stupid bastard ... he be not even runnin' . two shot ring out in rapid succession . bauer do not shoot , I see them first ... it 's my shot . sergeant bauer fire he own round . everyone have miss . bauer be jam another cartridge into the chamber . driver it 's my shot goddamit . now spivey decide to get into the act . he rise up with he rifle aim . spivey you dumb son a bitch . before he can fire , there 's a rattling of chain . and the next moment , spivey 's foot be be pull out from under he by dance with wolf . his rifle fire harmlessly into space . bauer turn from the wagon seat and slam the back of the prisoner 's head with the gunstock . dance with wolf fall back , let go of the shake spivey . bauer smile at spivey contemptuously . bauer he mighta kill you . in the next instant , spivey give dance with wolf a resounding crack in the sternum with the butt of he rifle and he go down on he back . more shot be fire . dazedly , dance with wolf look out and see two sock still run parallel to the wagon . there 's another shot and then shouting . soldier 1 I get he ... soldier 2 the hell you do ... soldier 1 I get he ... dead shot boy . spivey be still poke dance with wolf . spivey you want more ?... get up ... get up . elgin spivey ! elgin have ride alongside the wagon . elgin I see you bash the prisoner once more and I will put that shackle on you ... elgin 's man be head up towards two sock when shot ring out . elgin you man ! get back to you place . the camera continue over the hill to two sock ' body , but it be no where in sight . instead the indian war party of six be wait silently in ambush . frustrate , they will try again . ext . riverbank - day the wagon be make its way steadily down , toward the river . dance with wolf watch the line of growth along the river get closer , he eye and ear and nose full alert . if they come this will be the place to do it . dance with wolf will make the most of this hope . the wagon move down a narrow pathway , not much more than a game trail . the lieutenant raise he hand and the wagon halt at the river 's edge . a soldier ride back and forth in the water on the other side of the river . he 's check for any sign of ambush . the soldier start back to they . soldier all clear lieutenant ... elgin start into the water , follow by the wagon . the " all clear " sign mean nothing to dance with wolf . he 's all key up . ext . river - day elgin and a soldier be lead the way . they be only a few yard from the opposite bank when the lieutenant be take . elgin be completely surprised to find a arrow bury in he chest . the outrider be about to pull up he gun when a arrow hit he square in the gut . he bring he head up to see the full force of wind in his Hair , string up another arrow and take aim . just as the outrider be struggle to raise he gun , wind in his Hair fire off another arrow deep into the man 's heart . the impact send he fly out of the saddle , dead . wind in his Hair come on , lead five sioux warrior . ext . wagon - day dance with wolf have looped the shackle around spivey 's neck in a death grip when he see bauer leveling he rifle at the approach rider . dance with wolf aim a vicious kick at bauer , send the rifle fly , and bauer over the edge of the wagon . bauer flounder in the water , fumble for he pistol . he send off a round take one of the on rush warrior in the shoulder . the sioux loose he seat and tumble off the pony into the water , wounded . ext . wagon - day dance with wolf snap the loop around spivey 's neck as hard as he can and bone break . dance with wolf be beat spivey furiously with he chain . he keep whack until the blood be spread on the surface of the water . the frantic driver be about to make a run for it when he be impale with a sioux lance . ext . river - day the two soldier in the back of the wagon have turn tail and be splash back across the river . as they scramble up the bank , two sioux warrior meet they and cut they down with hatchet . ext . river - day in the midst of the smoke and confusion of the battle , bauer have make he way to the cover of the weed along the river bank . crash through the thicket , he come to a clear and there in the shallow , come face to face with smile a lot . the boy be stand in the shallow hold the extra horse . the boy be so frighten at the sudden sight of this white soldier that he do not move . bauer stick he revolver into smile a lot 's face and pull the trigger . but the hammer only click . the gun be empty . bauer pistol - whip the boy , knock he to the ground and grab for the close of the horse . but the pony be all stir up now and start to run down the river . bauer succeed in grab a hunk of mane , but the horse he 's get hold of be move too fast for he to get on . but now bauer hear a bone-chill whoop . wind in his Hair be come . his pony plow through the water at full speed . a skullcracker dangle from one hand . the warrior begin to whirl it around . terrify , bauer turn to run . before he can take a step , a hatchet bury itself to the hilt . smile a lot be at the other end . but bauer be not through . his hand be around the boy 's neck , choke he with he last second of life . a larger than life wind in his Hair draw even and swing he club . bauer 's head explode , cover smile a lot in blood -- the sergeant 's hand can not be see . ext . river - day still in chain , dance with wolf and wind in his Hair be drag elgin 's body onto shore . dance with wolf rifle through the dead man 's pocket . he find a set of key and plop down to unlock he shackle . the wounded indian warrior be be tend to . smile a lot be downstream wash bauer 's blood off . ext . river - day a warrior be stripping down spivey . he hold up the dead man 's tunic , but do not notice that something plop out . it 's the journal . it float off into the current , well out of dance with wolf field of vision . it be lose forever . ext . river - day the journal continue its downstream journey . suddenly a small hand reach down and scoops it out of the water . smile a lot hold the book close to he face amaze at the sight of word . ext . river - day the party be mount . smile a lot ride up next to dance with wolf . smile a lot dance with wolf ... look . he offer the book . dance with wolf take it , regard the journal . ext . prairie - dusk the rescue party be canter across the prairie . dance with wolve ( to wind in his Hair ) we go South ? wind in he hair we will ride South for two day ... then turn East . no one must follow . this do not seem to bother wind in his Hair . but it set dance with wolf to think . ext . canyon trail - day the sound of a single drum call attention to eight silhouettes on horseback make they way down the ridge . the entire village begin to rumble with excitement as the news spread . ext . canyon trail - day the rescue party be walk down the trail single file . dance with wolf be a few slot back . all the village be racing up the canyon to greet they . stands with a fist lead they all . she run to dance with wolf . she jump all over she husband and finally he lift she up on he pony . int . dance with wolve ' lodge - day the couple we have come to know be sit on they bed . dance with wolf be comb stands with a fist 's hair . it 's something he be do with care and affection . she be loving it as much as he . they be together as two people can be and yet it be a hard time . dance with wolve you have nothing to say ? stand with a fist what can I tell you ? dance with wolve what ever be on you mind . stand with a fist we have decide . you be my husband . I be you wife . that be all I know . dance with wolf lay he forehead on she back . he sigh . then he pull away , slip a robe around he shoulder and walk out of the lodge . sadly , she watch he go . ext . prairie - day we follow a pair of boot walk in the snow . Pan up to find a orderly bring coffee to a major . he be surround by other officer and in front of he a large column of man be move toward the snow cover mountain . the Major toss the remain coffee in a fire and he prepare to mount . we pan up with the smoke and the steam . ext . ten bear ' lodge - day it 's cold in the sioux camp . a warm column of smoke be spiraling out of ten bear ' lodge . int . ten bear ' lodge - day several man be gather around ten bear ' fire , include kick Bird , wind in his Hair and dance with wolf . all the man be drape with blanket . the wind be howling outside . the man be engage in small talk as the pipe go around the circle . the pipe come around to dance with wolf , and the man next to he must nudge he to attention . dance with wolf take the pipe and begin to smoke . ten bear watch he closely . ten bear ( to dance with wolf ) dance with wolf be quiet this day . he do not reply . he smoke a little more and pass the pipe . ten bear be he heart bad ? dance with wolf glance at the man around the fire . dance with wolve killing the soldier at the river be a good thing . it make I free and my heart be big to see my friend come to help I . I do not mind kill that man . I be glad to do it . he search for the right word . dance with wolve but the soldier hate I now like they hate no other . I be more than a enemy to they , I be a traitor . they will hunt for I . they will not give up . and when they find I they find you and that cannot happen . objection break out all around the fire . wind in his Hair jump to he foot and even kick Bird be protest . ten bear quiet !... sit down wind in his Hair . you be hurt a old man 's ear with you loud talk . ext . forest - day the column of soldier can be hear but not see . they be move forward , sing the Battle hymn of the Republic . int . dance with wolve ' lodge - dusk stands with a fist be building up the fire in they cozy home . dance with wolf work on a long-stemmed pipe which be in the last stage of completion . ten bear ( o.s. ) dance with wolf ? dance with wolf get up , open the flap and admit the old chief . a few snowflake cling to he wispy hair . he go straight to the fire and sit . ten bear ahh ... this be a nice fire ... at my age a good fire be better than anything . stands with a fist bring two small bowl of food , place they next to the man and busy herself with something else . though neither one be much interested they begin to eat . ten bear I wonder how you bad heart be do and though I would come by and see for myself . this place do not look so bad-heart . dance with wolf smile . dance with wolve no , we be happy . ten bear but you be leave anyway ? dance with wolve I have talk with stands with a fist and we will go together . ten bear have you tell this to kick Bird or to wind in his Hair . it 's anguish for dance with wolf to think about he friend . he shake he head " no " . ten bear think again in silence . ten bear you be the only white man I have ever know . I have think about you alot . more than you know . dance with wolve that do not surprise I . ten bear you have always speak with you heart . and like all of we , you be a free man and can do anything you like . when I look across this fire , I do not see a white soldier . I see only a sioux name dance with wolf . and there be nothing they hate so much as a sioux . ten bear word always have purpose and as always , he make he point . he pause for a moment and notice dance with wolf ' nearly finish pipe . ten bear you be make a pipe ? dance with wolve yes ? ten bear hold out a hand and dance with wolf hand the pipe to he . ten bear inspect it briefly . ten bear this might be a pretty good pipe ... how do it smoke ? dance with wolve I do not know , I have not try it yet . ten bear let 's smoke it awhile ... it be good to pass the time this way . ext . winter camp - dawn from a little distance , wind in his Hair be watch dance with wolf ' lodge . his face be full of uncertainty and a kind of pain we have never see before . he be in agony . he start forward but after a few yard he stop to think . he turn back but have only go a few step when he stop and turn to face dance with wolf ' lodge once more . he start for the tipi again , but he can not go through with it . the proud warrior turn away and walk quickly out of sight . ext . prairie - day the column be move at a leisurely walk when the horse start to bunch up . they be stop . everyone wait while far up ahead , a group of ten or twelve man examine the ground . White officer sit atop they horse , while they scout scour the ground . they have find a significant trail . the scout be indian , and by they distinctive dress , we recognize they . they be pawnee . the pawnee scout come racing up . they horse be wet and have come a good distance . the scout be very excited . the man have dismounted . they prepare for battle , remove any equipment that might rattle -- tin cup , plate , etc. , toss the discard into a grow pile . int . kicking bird lodge - dawn Black shawl watch as kick Bird slip a magnificent pipe into its buckskin case . now he look at she . the medicine man too be in a kind of pain we have not see before . ext . winter camp - dawn carry the pipe he make , dance with wolf walk through the village . suddenly he stop . kick Bird be stand in the middle of the empty avenue . like gunfighter , the two man approach each other at a slow and deliberate walk . gradually they realize that each have select the same parting gift . it 's heartbreaking . kick Bird try to cover with a casual question , but it 's all fake . kicking bird you have finish you pipe ? how do it smoke ? dance with wolve I be tell it smoke well . dance with wolf move to make the exchange . kick Bird do the same . from one hand to the other . Men could not be closer . kicking bird it do not seem possible that we could come this far . dance with wolve you be the first man I ever want to be like . I will not forget you . neither can speak . there be only goodbye . ext . prairie - day the column of soldier be not in a rush , but they be trot now to make better time . ext . winter camp - day stands with a fist sit on a pony outside the lodge . two pack horse be load with they thing . dance with wolf swing onto he pony 's back and we follow as they start out of the village . no one be stand in rise to watch they leave . no one be cry . in fact , people be make the motion of go about they regular work . but it 's all fake too . the whole village be sad and the most obvious sign be that there be no sound . in the awful quiet , most people avert they eye as the two pass by . ext . canyon trail - day dance with wolf and stands with a fist have reach the head of the trail lead out of the winter camp . they have just begin to ascend when a voice , call from afar , bring they to a halt . the sound echoe through the canyon , through the village . wind in he hair ( o.s. ) ( call ) dance with wolf ... ext . canyon - day his pony be jack up and , as always , wind in his Hair look the perfect warrior . but now he face be full of stress as he scream out the message he could not deliver in person . wind in he hair I be wind in his Hair ... ext . winter camp - day everyone in the camp have stop to listen . wind in he hair ( o.s. ) can you not see that I be you friend ? ext . canyon trail - day dance with wolf look ready to crack . wind in he hair ( o.s. ) can you not see that you will always be my friend ? dance with wolf let the unhappy echo of this word fade away before he start he pony again . we follow for a few yard . then the call come a second time . if anything , more urgent than before . wind in he hair ( o.s. ) dance with wolf ... dance with wolf stop . he drop he head painfully as the sound of he own name boom through he head . ext . canyon trail - dusk troops be move through the tree quietly , saber draw . ext . canyon rim - dusk the rest of the troops have move to the edge . they too be quiet . down below , the pawnee scout be milling about look for sign . the soldier from the canyon floor be silently arrive on the scene . the pawnee look to the lead scout on the canyon rim . they have no answer , and the lead scout have none to give the general at he side . ten bear ' village be go . ext . canyon rim - dusk wind in his Hair and several other warrior be just draw back from unseen vantage point on the canyon rim . wind in his Hair glance back and hesitates , as though wait for someone . a great , yellow full moon have just appear above the opposite rim of the canyon . the yellow be brilliant , a great spotlight of golden color . a wolf step into the light on the opposite rim . he 's walk in the backdrop of the moon . the wolf suddenly arch he back , stick he muzzle in the air and produce a spine - tingling howl . the sound bounce all over the canyon . dance with wolf be at the canyon 's rim . he listen a long time , fully entrance by the wolf 's howl . he be still listen when it be go . a whisper float out of the night behind he . wind in he hair ( o.s. ) dance with wolf ... dance with wolf shrink back from the canyon 's rim , turn and trot off into the darkness , follow he friend . fade to black the end