— lorimar film ' entertainment fr les liaison dangereuse by christopher hampton be y base on the novel by Pierre - ambroise - francois choderlo De laclos property of lorimar film entertainment this script be not for publication , reproduction or distribution without the express permission of lorimar film entertainment . if lost or destroyed , please notify the motion picture story dept . rev . final draft producer : norma heyman & hank moonjean director : stephen frear alorimar telepicture company caption on black screen if the adventure here portray have any basis whatsoever in truth , I feel sure that they can only have occur in some other place and at some other time . ~- choderlo de laclos . int . madame do merteuil' dressing -room day the gilt frame around the mirror on the marquise do merteuil 's dress - table enclose the reflection of she beautiful face . for a moment she examine herself ; critically , but not without satisfaction . then she begin to apply she make -up . another angle show the whole large room , the early : afternoon light filter through gauze curtain . merteuil 's chambermaid stand behind she , polish she shoulder with crush mother - of - pearl . Three or four other female servant wait , dispose around the room . it 's midsummer in Paris in 1788 . int . vicomte do valmont bedroom day valmont be a indistinct shape in he vast bed . his valet - de -chambre , azolan lead a troupe of male servant into the room . one raise the blind and open enough of a curtain to admit some afternoon light , another wait with a cup of chocolate steaming on a tray , a third carry a damp flannel in a bowl . as valmont stir , he face still unseen , azolan take the flannel , lean over and begin a perfunctory dry wash . int . merteuil' dressing -room day a steel hook move to and for , deftly tightening mme do merteuil 's corset . int . valmont dressing -room day valmont 's face be swathed in hot towel , he head tilt back . a young manicurist , on he knee , attend to valmont 's nail . several other servant wait gravely to play they part in the elaborate ritual of dress valmont . the barber produce a pair of tweezers and delicately pluck a hair from one of valmont 's nostril . int . merteuil' dressing -room day a second dress - table be cover with extravagant number of perfume box . merteuil , now in corset , chemise and underskirt sit , surround by she maids . eventually she make a choice 10 will continue and indicate a box . a maid open the box and begin to apply the perfume ( in the form of a cream ) to merteuil 's neck , lightly massage it in . meanwhile , merteuil smell the content of another box and hand it to a second maid , who begin apply it to merteuil 's armpit . int . valmont dressing -room day azolan open a walk - in closet , which contain innumerable row of boot and shoe . he and another servant choose a couple of pair of shoe each and bring they out . valmont 's hand come into shot , indicate a black pair with red heel . azolan hand they to a bootboy , who hurry away , breathe on they as he go . int . merteuil' dressing -room day merteuil' maid make a final adjustment to the bamboo side pannier hang from merteuil 's waist , then motion two other maids to cover they with a embroider petticoat . int . ante - room to valmont dressing -room day valmont 's perruquier wait attentively as valmont , see from behind , stand in front of the three tier of featureless wooden head which carry he collection of wig . eventually , he point to one . int . merteuil' dressing -room day merteuil 's stomacher be now in position and she stand , arm outstretch , as two maids move forward with she dress , guidin she arm into it as if it be a overcoat . this do , merteuil 's seamstress approach and begin the delicate process of sewing she into she dress . int . ante - room to valmont dressing -room day a bizarre metal cone with gauze - cover eyehole conceal valmont 's face as the perruquier blow powder at he wig . as the powder drift away , valmont slowly lower the cone and we see for the first time he intelligent and malicious feature . another angle show the complete magnificent ensemble ; or not quite complete , for azolan now reach he arm round valmont 's waist to strap on he sword . 12 13 14 int . grand salon in mme do merteuil' town -house dusk a panoramic view of the great room . in one corner merteuil be play piquet with she cousin mme do volange ; in the centre of the room , the huge chandelier have be lower to within a foot of the floor and two footmen with taper be lighting its candle ; and at the window itself be a demure 15 - year - old blonde : cecile volange . the camera close in on she , as on SOUND we hear the arrival of a carriage , clatter into the paved courtyard below . ext . courtyard dusk cecile's p.o.v. : below , the handsome black carriage come to a halt . the footman cling to the back jump down , run back , open the door , lower the step and stand back . presently the vicomte do valmont emerge , resplendent . int . grand salon dusk close on cecile , as she look down at valmont , curious . the chandelier be fully light now and one of the footmen begin to raise it . mme do merteuil 's perfect , mask - like face gradually become fully - light as the chandelier rise . she 's look not at she card but across the long expanse of the room at cecile 's profile . eventually she speak . merteuil well , my dear ... cecile do not at first realise it 's she who 's be address : then she start and half -turn . merteulil so how be you adapt to the outside world ? ' cecile very well . I think . volange I have advise she to watch and learn and be quiet except when speak to . merteuil look cecile up and down , frankly appraise she . merteuil we must see what we can devise for you amusement . the mirrore double - door open and merteuil 's majordomio , carry a silver tray , advance unhurriedly across the room . q 14 continue at the table , the large play card slap down on one another . merteuil glance up at she majordomo and reach for the card on he tray . she replace the card , look up at he and nod . the majordomo depart and merteuil speak quietly to volange . merteuil valmont be here . volange react with a trace of alarm . volange you receive he , do you ? merteuil yes . so do you . volange turn to she daughter , whose interest have be catch by this exchange . volange monsieur le vicomte de valmont , my child , whom you very probably do not remember , except that he be conspicuously charming , never open he mouth without first calculate what damage he can do . cecile they why do you receive he , maman ? volange everyone receive he . she break off as the majordomo reappear , escort valmont , who cross to bow formally to merteuil in a gesture which also take in the’ other . valmont Madame . ' merteull vicomte . volange what a pleasant surprise . valmont Madame de volange . how delight - ful to see you . volange , you remember my daughter , cecile ? continue valmont well , indeed , but who could have foretold she would flower so gracefully ? cecile simper , blush and look away . valmont turn back to merteuil . valmont I want to call on you before leave the city . merteuil oh , I be not sure we can allow that . why should you want to leave ? valmont Paris in August , you know : and it 's time I pay a visit on my old aunt , I have neglect she . disgracefully . / volange Madame de rosemonde have be good enough to invite we to stay at the chateau . will you please give she we warmest regards ? valmont I shall make a point of it , Madame . volange put down she card and rise decisively , address cecile . volange I think it 's time we take you home . cecile respond , still nervously aware of valmont 's unwaver stare . 's cecile I be use to be in bed by nine at the convent . valmont so I should hope . she break away , mysteriously alarmed , and hurry across to volange . wmerteuil have summon a footman . valmont bow and we watch from he p.o.v. as the footman show out volange and cecile . when they have go , merteuil cross back towards valmont , speak in a entirely different tone of voice . 14 continue merteuil you aunt ? valmont that 's right , merteuil I think she would already make arrangement to leave you all she money . he smile without answer . she arrive beside he . silence . merteuil do you know why I summon you here this evening ? valmont I would hope it might be for the pleasure of my company . merteuil I need you ; to carry out a heroic enterprise . you remember when bastide leave I ? valmont feign a sympathetic expression . valmont yes . merteuil and go off with that fat mistress of yours whose name escape I . valmont yes , yes . merteuil no one have ever do that to I before . or to you I imagine . valmont I be quite relieved to be rid of she , frankly . merteull no , you be not . she now have he undivide attention . merteuil for some year now , bastide have be search for a wife . he be always unshakeably prejudice in favour of convent education . and now he 's find the ideal candidate . 15 16 17 18 int . convent Day cecile , superintend by a couple of nun , wait inside a enclosure , she face frame between the bar of a wooden partition . a valmont ( v.0 . ) cecile volange . merteuil ( v.0 . ) very good . ext . convent day mme do volange 's magnificent carriage , silhouett against the wall of the convent . valmont ( v.0 . ) and she sixty thousand a year , that must have play some part in he calculation . another angle . a footman help mme do volange down from the carriage . merteuil ( v.o. ) none whatsoever . his priority , you see , be a guarantee virtue . int . convent Day mme do volange have not see cecile in year . she advance uncertainly towards she and they exchange a tentative embrace through the partition . valmont ( v.0 . ) I wonder if 'I be beginning to guess what it be you be intend to propose . a nun open the half - door to release cecile . ' merteuil ( v.0 . ) bastide be with he regiment in corsica for the rest of the year . int . grand salon dusk merteuil that should give you plenty of time . valmont you mean to ...? merteuil she 's a rosebud . be 3 18 continue valmont you think so ? merteuil i and he would get back from honeymoon to find himself the laugh - stock of Paris . valmont well ... merteuil yes . Love and revenge : two of you favourite . | silence . valmont consider for a moment . finally , he shake he head . valmont no , I can not . merteuil what ? : : valmont p ) really , I can not . merteuil why not ? valmont it 's too easy . it be . what be she , fifteen , she 's see nothing , she know nothing , she 's bound to be curious , she would be on she back before you would unwrapped the first : bunch of flower . any one of a dozen man could manage it . i. have my reputation to think of . merteuil frown , displease . valmont hesitates , look aft she . valmont I can see I be go to have to tell you everything . merteuil of course you be . valmont cr ) yes. well . my aunt be not on she own just at the moment . she have a young friend stay with she : Madame dé tourvel . 18 19 20 continue merteuil you can not mean it . ext . formal garden of mme do rosemonde's chateau day mme do tourvel 's strong , beautiful , untrouble face , as she move through the garden . she 's accompany . by valmont 's 80 - year-old aunt , mme do rosemonde , who choose flower , which mme do tourvel then cut and lay in a basket . valmont ( v.0 . ) to seduce a woman famous for atrict moral , religious fervour and the happiness of she marriage : what could possibly be more prestigious ? merteuil I think there 's something degrade about have a husband for a rival . it 's humiliate if you fail and commonplace if you succeed . where be M. de tourvel anyway ? valmont ( v.0 . ) preside over some endless case in burgundy . int . grand salon dusk merteuil frown at valmont , shaking she head . merteull I do not think you can hope for any actual pleasure . valmont oh , yes . and I have no intention of break down she prejudice . ' ty want she to boliovo im coed and virtue and the sanctity of marriage and still not be able to stop herself . I want passion , in other word . I want the excitement of watch she betray everything that 's most important to she . surely you under - stand that . I think betrayal be you favourite word . merteuil no , no , cruelty : I always think that have a nobler ring to it . valmont smile ; but merteuil turn on he , she expression serious . y a ° 10 20 continue merteuil I be surprised at you . you might just as well be in love . valmont I have not feel so strongly about t anything since you and I be together . that 's why I intend to 's have she , to rescue myself from this ridiculous position . merteuil Love be something you use , not something you fall into , like ! quicksand , do not you remember ? y it 's like medicine , you use it ' as a lubricant to nature . he return , a little uneasily , she challenging gaze . 21 int . corridor of mirror dusk -~ . the first - floor landing in merteuil 's house be a immense 3 ) gallery of mirror . she and valmont pass down the corridor , they image shifting and multiply in the candle - light . valmont how 's belleroche ? merteuil I be very pleased with he . valmont and be he you only lover ? merteuil pretend to give this a moment 's consideration . merteuil yes . valmont I think you should take another , I think it most unhealthy , this exclusivity . merteuil you be not jealous , be you ? '' valmont t ' 5 of course I be . belleroche be a completely undeserve . merteuil I think he be one of you close friend . 21 22 il continue valmont exactly , so I know what I be talk about . no , I think you should organise a infidelity . with I , for example . merteuil you refuse I a simple favour and then you expect to be indulge ? valmont it 's only because it be so simple . it would not feel like a conquest . I have to follow my destiny . I have to be true to my profession . int . MAIN staircase dusk valmont pause at the top of the broad and impose staircase which lead down to the entrance of the house . merteuil watch he for a moment , amused : then she come to a unexpected decision . merteuil all right , then : come back when you have succeed with Madame de tourvel . valmont yes ? merteull and I will offer you ... a reward . valmont my love . merteuil but I shall require proof . ' valmont certainly . merteuil written proof . valmont ah. merteuil not negotiable . valmont recover quickly . 22 23 24 25 26 12 continue valmont I do not suppose there 's any possibility of a advance ? ; merteuil goodnight , vicomte . he kiss she hand and hurry down the stair . int . corridor of mirror dusk merteuil stop in front of one of the mirror . it turn out to be a door , which she open . int . spiral staircase dusk a candle at the top shed a dim light ; merteuil begin to ascend she secret staircase . int . merteuil' bedroom dusk belleroche , a beautiful blockhead of about 30 , spring to he foot as merteuil emerge from what be ostensibly a cupboard door . he hurry over to embrace she . belleroche where have you be ? time have no logic when I be not with you : a hour be like a century . merteuil I have tell you before : we shall get on a good deal better if you make a concerted effort not to sound like the latest novel . he look hurt ; she kiss he affectionately . ' int . private chapel in mme do rosemonde's ground day the sound of the little silver bell which summon the congregation to take Communion : close on mme do tourvel as she hand part to reveal she face . mme do rosemonde kneel next to she and be now be help to she foot by valmont . valmont escort rosemonde up the stair to the altar-rail , tourvel remain on the other side of she . the rest of the congregation consist of rosemonde 's domestic staff , in a segregated portion of the chapel ; and they file up towards the altar , respectfully wait they turn . 26 27 28 13 continue tourvel kneel at the altar-rail as valmont help rosemonde to kneel beside she . then tourvel look up , slightly surprised , as valmont move off to one side , instead of take he place at the rail . by now , the elderly cure , intone the Latin mass , be approach tourvel with the large Communion wafer . valmont watch intently . valmont p.o.v. : the wafer be place on tourvel 's lower lip and slowly vanish into she mouth . she look up at he . tourvel's p.o.v. : valmont , he expression respectful , he demeanour hunble . ext . chapel day beautiful summer 's day . the chapel be in the grounds of mme do rosemonde 's chateau , the turret of which be visible in the distance . her open carriage stand wait , as the congregation emerge into the sunlight . the coachman jump down , but mme do rosemonde dismiss he with a gesture . rosemonde it 's such a beautiful day , I believe we will walk . azolan attend to valmont , take he prayer - book and hand he he cane ; while mme do tourvel 's chambermaid , julie , be help she mistress with she bonnet . ext . woodland path day mme do rosemonde and the cure lead the way , deep in conversation , follow at a distance by valmont and mme do tourvel . azolan and julie bring up the rear . tourvel you do not take the sacrament today . ' valmont I feel L could not . tourvel May I ask why ? valmont I have this appall reputation as you may know ... tourvel oh , yes , I have be warn about you . . 28 29 30 14 continue valmont you have ? by whom ? tourvel a friend . valmont yes , well , I suppose a warning might be justified . I have spend my life surround by immoral people ; I have allow myself to be influence by they and sometimes even take pride in outshine they . tourvel and now ? valmont now what I feel most often be unworthiness . . tourvel but it 's precisely at such moment you start to become worthy . valmont appear to give this assertion he serious consideration . he glance back over he shoulder and notice that azolan be murmure with some intimacy into julie 's ear . then he turn back to mme d= tourvel . valmont I certainly believe that one should constantly strive to improve oneself . long shot of the two of ' they , strolling along the dapple path , as , on SOUND , the passionate climax of a gluck aria begin to swell . int . merteuil be BOX at the opera evening the aria continue , the opera be in progress . mme do volange and cecile , in the box , stare down at the stage . mme do merteuil , however , opera-glass press to she face , be scan the audience . int . opera house evening merteuil be p.o.v. , as she gaze come to rest on the face of a handsome young man of not more than twenty , listen intently , tear stream down he face : the chevalier danceny . 31 32 33 int . merteuil' BOX evening merteuil lower she opera-glass , pensive . int . opera house evening the interval , and the fashionable audience go about its principal business of the evening : gossip and celebrity - spot . danceny move through the auditorium , still in something of a trance ; and be startle by the arrival of a uniform footman , who hand he a note on a silver tray . int . merteuil' BOX evening a knock at the door and danceny , charmingly shy and uncertain , bow deeply to merteuil . merteuil Chevalier , I do not . believe you know my cousin , Madame de volange . this be Chevalier danceny . and Madame 's daughter , cecile . all this have take place very quickly and now danceny become aware of cecile for the first time : he look at she , tongue - tie , obviously smitten , eventually manage to utter a strangle greeting . merteuil observe he shrewdly . merteuil tell we what we should think of the opera . danceny oh , it 's sublime . do not you find ? merteuil why do this composer keep choose identical subject ? danceny but this be infinitely the better ' version . piccini be a mere opportunist . merteuil monsieur danceny be one of that rare eccentrics who come here to listen to the music . danceny I do look forward to we next meeting . he bow to cecile , blush deeply and leave the box . cecile 's eye be shine . merteuil be watch she closely . 33 34 35 36 16 continue merteuil charm young man . penniless , regrettably . he 's one of the finest music-teacher in the city . close on cecile : the idea occur to she at the very moment merteuil express it . merteuil perhaps you should employ he . ext . ground of the chateau dawn valmont and azolan , who carry a long musket over he shoulder , crunch across the gravel . as they pass , a pan reveal mme do tourvel 's footman , george , follow they , huddle in a angle of the building . int / ext . mme do tourvel's bedroom dawn mme do tourvel stand , a corner of the curtain raise , look down at valmont and azolan . ext . wood dawn valmont speak abruptly to azolan , surprising he in mid - yawn . valmont how be you get on 's with Madame de tourvel 's may ? azolan Julie ? tell you the truth , it 's be a bit boring . lf I be not so anxious to keep you lordship abreast , I think I would have only bother the once . still , you know , what else be there ' to do in the country ? valmont yes , it be not so much the detail of you intimacy I be after , it be whether she 's agree to bring I Madame de tourvel 's letter . azolan she will not steal the letter , sir . valmont she will not ? 36 37 38 39 17 continue azolan you know better than I , sir , it 's easy enough make they do what they want to do ; it 's try to get they to do what you want they to do , that 's what give you a headache . valmont and they , as often as not . I need to know who 's write to she about I . azolan I should not worry if I be you , sir . she tell Julie she do not believe you go hunt in the morning . she say she be go to have you follow . so I would say it be only a matter of time . they carry on through the wood . behind they , george blunder incompetently from tree to tree . ext . boundary of mme do rosemonde's land day azolan unlock a gate in the wall enclose rosemonde 's property to let valmont through . the latter hesitates , look back . valmont terrible noise he 's make . azolan he will get the news back to she twice as quickly . valmont I do not think we should make 's . it too easy for he . he take the musket from azolan and suddenly fire it into the undergrowth . ext . undergrowth day george , panic-stricken , hurl himself to the ground as the echoe of the shot die away . ext . boundary of mme do rosemonde's land day valmont hand the musket back to azolan and close the gate behind they . the wall stretch away as far as the eye can see . the two man grin at each other and hurry on . 40 18 ext . village square day the village consist of half - a- dozen wattle - and -daub hut , dispose around a muddy clear ; where pig graze and bare - foot child wander . the poverty be as stark and absolute as that of a village in India . a small crowd be gather around one of the hut , out of which a couple of men , supervise by the bailiff be carry out a plain deal table , which they dump down next to three wooden chair . a gaunt woman follow they , miserably wring she hand . george hurry across the square , reach the fringe of the crowd just as valmont step forward to confront the bailiff . valmont what exactly do you think you be do ? bailiff I be impound this effect , sir . valmont have it not be explain to you ? M. armand be not well . bailiff . I do not make the law , sir , I just do what I be tell . everybody have to pay he tax . valmont how much do he owe ? bailiff well ... valmont how much ? balliff fifty -six livre . valmont take a large , jingling purse out of he pocket and hand it to azolan . valmont pay he . azolan yes , my lord . gasp from the crowd ; even a ripple of applause . valmont march forward and vanish into the hut . 41 42 19 int . armand' hut Day stand on the straw spread over the mud floor , in the heat of the more or less unventilate , dingy hut , look down at M. armand , ( a man of not more than 50 , who look ancient , gnarled and batter by work , with long , thick white hair ) , valmont have to make a effort not to be overcome by the fetid atmosphere . valmont you do not know I ... armand of course I do , M. le vicomte . valmont ah . no , please , do not get up . armand be struggle up -.out of he large pallet bed cover with sacking . armand I have to , sir . they be take the bed . valmont not at all , M. armand . no one be take anything . ext . armand' hut day the crowd scatter as valmont emerge from the hut . he approach the bailiff . valmont : kindly instruct you man to replace M. armand 's furniture . the gaunt woman approach valmont ; she 's accompany by a toil - wear young couple and a pair of thin , sickly - look child . ' woman you be a angel send from heaven . suddenly , all of they be on they knee to valmont . genuinely touch , he. look across at azolan , then manage to free a hand to reach for he purse . azolan pass it to he and he fetch out a handful of gold , press it into the woman 's reluctant hand . valmont just to tide you over . IL insist . again the crowd burst into spontaneous applause . george watch thoughtfully . . 43 20 ext . boundary of mme do rosemonde's land day azolan unlock a compartment in one of the brick gatepost and take out a wooden mailbox with a slot in the top . then he take a pin from he wig and begin delicately to probe the loek of the mailbox as they talk . : valmont fifty -six livre to save a entire family from ruin , that seem a genuine bargain . azolan this day , my lord , you can find half - a- dozen like that , any village in the country . valmont oe really ? I must say the family be very well choose . solidly respectable , gratifyingly tearful , no suspiciously pretty girl . well do . : azolan I do my best for you , sir . valmont and all that humble gratitude . it be most affect . azolan '' certainly bring a tear to my eye . the lock yield to he manipulation , the mailbox open and after a brief inspection he hand two letter to valmont , who glance at the postmark and hand one of they straight back to azolan . . valmont : dijon . that 's from she husband . he hold the other letter which be ina distinctive , somewhat pretentious envelope , up to the light . valmont I be sure this must be from that officious friend of hers . he pass it back to azolan , who return it to the mailbox and close it . they move off , back in the direction of the house . valmont tell I , where do you and Julie meet ? . azolan non oh , in my room , sir . 43 44 21 continue valmont and be she come tonight ? azolan afraid so . valmont then I think I may have to burst in on you . see if blackmail will succeed better than bribery . about two o'clock suit you ? I do not want to embarrass you , will that give you enough time ? azolan ample , sir . in the background george have come through the gate . he unlock the mailbox and take out the letter it contain . int . grand salon in the chateau day valmont look up from he book , as mme do rosemonde bustles into the room , follow by mme do tourvel . he rise to greet they . rosemonde be this true about M. armand ? valmont I do not believe I know anyone of that name ... tourvel you may as well own up , monsieur . my footman happen to be pass when you be in the village this morning . ' valmont I do not think you ought to pay too much attention to servant gossip . rosemonde it be true , be not it ? valmont well , I ... it 's simply ... yes . he look up , ostensibly deeply embarrassed , to catch mme do tourvel 's admire gaze . mme do rosemonde spread she arm . rosemonde you dear boy . come and let I give you a hug ! 44 45 46 22 continue valmont cross to she and they embrace . then valmont turn and advance towards mme do tourvel . before she can escape , he 's embrace she and , for a second , she 's in he arm . meanwhile mme do rosemonde 's steward have enter , with the mail laid out on a salver . as mme do . tourvel escape from valmont 's arm , she find the steward at she elbow . ashen , she shakily reach out she hand for the two letter . int . grand salon in mme do merteuil' house Day cecile be play the harp and sing a song , accompany by danceny on the harpsichord . on the far side of the room be merteuil and volange , pay far more attention to they murmured conversation than to the music . after a time , danceny break off , hit a note several time to indicate where cecile 's voice have go wrong . they resume a few bar back ; this time cecile get it right and danceny nod in approval . they proceed until cecile make a mistake with the harp . danceny stop and come over to join she . he play the complicated little phrase . cecile try it , but can not manage it . he take she hand and adjust they to the correct position . she almost play the phrase correctly , look up at he smile . danceny try it again . she do so and get it right . danceny very good . as he turn away , he slip a piece of paper between the harp string . cecile frown , then , as he arrive back at the harpsichord , she snatch it and unfold it . on it be a message write in pencil : I love you . blush furiously , she crumple the piece of paper and stuff it into she pocket . then she dart a angry glance at danceny 's danceny this be very difficult , I be afraid . can we start again ? he begin to play and cecile , with a great effort , manage to come in almost on cue . int . merteuil be BOX at . the opera evening the opera be in full swing . merteuil and cecile murmur to one another in the darken box , neither pay the slight attention to the stage below . 46 continue 23 cecile would it be very wrong of I to answer M. danceny 's letter ? merteuil in the circumstance , yes . cecile in what circumstance ? merteuil pretend to reflect before answer . merteuil it 's not my place to tell you this , my dear ... if I have not become so fond of you ... cecile go on , please ! merteuil you marriage have be arrange . cecile gape at she : but this have not come as a total surprise and she curiosity quickly overcome she alarm . cecile who be it ? merteuil someone I know , slightly . m le comte de bastide . cecile what 's he like ? merteull well ... cecile you do not like he . merteuil it 's not that . he 's a man of somewhat ... erratic judgment . and rather serious . cecile how old be he ? merteuil thirty -six . cecile thirty -six ? he 's a old man ! '' ) 46 47 24 continue merteuil smile , as another think galvanise cecile . cecile do you know when ? merteuil in the new year , I believe . she stare , unsee , at the stage , lose in think . merteuil lean in closer to she . merteuil perhaps there be a way to let you write to M. danceny ... cecile oh , Madame ! she 's catch hold of merteuil 's hand , she eye shine . : merteuil if you be to show I both side of the correspondence , I could reassure myself ... cecile throw herself into merteuil 's arm and embrace she . merteuil 's eye glitter in the darkness . then cecile look up at she . cecile I can not show you the letter I have already send he ... she break off , realise she 's give herself away , she expression apprehensive . but merteuil 's smile be indulgent . as the impassion love - duet on stage reach a climax , phe stretch out a hand to caress cecile 's neck and collar - one . int . grand salon in the chateau night valmont be read and mme do tourvel be look over she letter from Paris , the one with the distinctive envelope . eventually , she look up at he and break the silence . tourvel I can not understand how someone whose instinct be so generous , could lead such a dissolute life . valmont I be afraid you have a exaggerated idea both of my generosity and of my depravity . if I know who would give you such a dire account of I ... 25 continue mme do tourvel fold up she letter , she expression sheepish . valmont the truth be , the key to the paradox lie in a certain weakness of character . tourvel how could so thoughtful a act of charity be describe as weak ? valmont - because it be perform purely in response to you influence . tourvel I have try to set you a good example this last two week . valmont and you have succeed . what I do today be nothing more than a innocent tribute to you goodness . mme do tourvel look away . valmont sigh . valmont you see how weak I be ? I promise myself I be never go to tell you . it 's just , look at you ... tourvel monsieur . valmont you need not worry , I have no illicit intention . I would not dream of insulting you . but I do love you . I adore you . the letter slip from mme do tourvel 's finger . valmont be across the room in a instant , on he knee in front of she , hand she the letter and then take she hand in he . valmont please help I . as mme do tourvel wrench she hand free , a door open to admit mme do rosemonde 's steward . in the ensue confusion , tourvel get up , snatch a candlestick , and hurry out of the room , leave valmont momentarily floundering . 48 49 50 sl 52 26 int . MAIN staircase night mme do tourvel hurry up the vast , wide staircase . below , valmont , in pursuit , emerge into the hallway , int . corridor night mme do tourvel 's back recede down the corridor . presently , valmont come into frame , catch she up . but tourvel disappear into she room and there 's the sound of a heavy bolt . valmont arrive at she door and drop to he knee , press he eye to she keyhole . int . mme do tourvel's bedroom night keyhole shot : mme do tourvel cross to the window and stand look out into the night , she expression troubled . int . corridor night valmont stand up . there 's a look of satisfaction on he face as he begin to tiptoe away . int . azolan' bedroom night azolan be in bed with julie , they be asleep in each other 's arm . suddenly the door burst open . valmont stand in the doorway in he dress gown , hold a candlestick . in its flicker light , azolan and julie wake , julie genuinely terrify and azolan ( since this have be prearrange ) convincingly dismay . valmont I ring a number of time . azolan do not hear , sir . valmont 's I require some hot water . azolan right away , sir . he jump out of bed , uncover julie . she reach for the sheet but valmont speak sharply , stop she in she track . valmont do not move . as azolan put on a dress gown and hurry to the door , valmont settles himself on the end of the bed , he eye burn into julie . 27 2 ~ 52 continue valmont azolan . azolan sir. valmont wait for I in my room . azolan hurry out . valmont continue to stare at julie , who be become increasingly uncomfortable . valmont I can not condone this sort of behaviour , you know , Julie . julie I know , sir , I be sorry ... valmont but you may rely on my discretion ... julie rf ) oh , thank you , sir . valmont + ++ provide , of course , that you agree to my price . there 's a silence , during which julie think she understand what he mean . her expression change as she try to work out how best to react . but valmont shake he head . valmont no , no , nothing like that . no , all I want be to see every letter mme de tourvel have receive since she arrival here and every letter she write from now on . julie 's but , sir ... valmont deliver they to azolan by midnight _ tomorrow . he stand , continue to look at she for a moment , until she snatch at the sheet and cover herself . he bring a handful of gold coin out of he dress - gown pocket *) and bang they down on the dresser . valmont for you trouble . 53 28 ext . garden of the chateau pay mme do tourvel round the right - angle of a manicure hedge and stop dead in she track . bear down on she be valmont . she turn in confusion , but there 's evidently no escape and in a moment he 's with she , bow deep . valmont I should not have speak to you like that yesterday , I be sorry . tourvel I think the least I could hope for be that you would respect I . valmont I do not want you to think this have anything to do with you beauty . I know now that beauty be the least of you quality . L have become fascinate by you goodness . I could not understand what be happen to I and it be only when I begin to feel actual physical pain every time you leave the room , that it finally dawn on I : I be in love , for the first time in my life . tourvel I really will have to leave you , monsieur . valmont no , no , please , tell I what to do , show I how to behave , I will do anything you say . mme do tourvel have turn away from he ; now , after a moment 's think , she turn back . tourvel there 's only one thing I would like you to do for I . valmont what ? what be it ? tourvel I be not sure I want to put myself in the position of be beholden to you . : valmont oh , please , I insist . tourvel very well , then , I would like you to return to Paris . 53 29 continue valmont I do not see why that should be necessary . tourvel let 's just say you have spend you life make it necessary . by now valmont have recover he equilibrium and think very fast . valmont I shall find something in my mail tomorrow morning which oblige I to return to Paris . tourvel thank you , I would be very grateful . she begin to move away . valmont let she go two or three step before speak . . valmont perhaps I might ask a favour in return ? mme do tourvel frown , hesitate . valmont I think it would only be just to let I know which of you friend have blacken my name . . tourvel you know very well that 's impossible , monsieur . if friend of mine have warn I against you , they have do so purely in my own interest . I could hardly reward they with betrayal ! valmont very well , I withdraw the request . will you at least allow I to write to you ? tourvel well ... valmont and hope that you will do I the kindness of answer my letter ? tourvel I be not sure a correspondence with you be something a woman of honour could permit herself . 53 54 55 56 30 continue valmont so you be determine to refuse my suggestion , however respectable ? . tourvel I would welcome the chance to prove to you that what motivate I in rhis be not hatred or resentment ut ... valmont but what ? mme do tourvel seem unable to find a satisfactory answer to this . int . azolan' bedroom night there 's a knock at the door : azolan make a wry face and let in julie . he embrace she ; but what have immediately catch he interest be the bundle of letter in she hand . as soon as he decently can , he extricate himself from the embrace and take the letter from she . int . valmont bedroom dawn valmont sit at a bureau , inspect the letter , he expression indignant . azolan stand to one side , look complacent . valmont listen to this : ' just as every good man have he weakness , every criminal have he virtue . so be doubly careful of the vicomte de valmont . 's he turn the letter over and read out the signature , nodd grimly . ' valmont Madame de volange . ext . MAIN entrance to the chateau day valmont embrace mme do rosemonde as he . big black carriage wait at the foot of a flight of outside step . mme do tourvel wait , a little to one side . valmont cross to she , take she hand and kiss it , take she by surprise . she try to withdraw she hand but he hold on to it . she speak in a undertone . tourvel monsieur , please ... 56 57 31 continue he release she hand and add , in a murmur . valmont I will write soon . int . emilie's bedroom night valmont be make energetic love to emilie , a strikingly attractive courtesan , in she luxurious canopy bed . after a while , he sigh with pleasure and pull away from she . outside , there be occasional rumble of thunder and flash of lightning . he look down at she for a moment , lean on one elbow . valmont now . emilie yes ? valmont turn over . emilie hesitates , look up at he for a moment . then she break into a smile . emilie all right . she turn over and look up at he expectantly . he twitches away the bedclothes and contemplate she briefly , before speak , very businesslike . valmont do you have pen , ink and write paper ? emilie yes , over there , in the bureau . why ? puzzle , she watch he as he get up , cross the room , find what he 's look for and bring it . back to the bed . he put down the pen and inkwell carefully , then climb on to emilie , spread a sheet of paper across the small of she back , arrange himself comfortably and reach for the pen . valmont now , do not move . emilie be still puzzle , but she submit graciously enough . valmont begin to write . ~ J 57 | ! i 58 ~~ '' 2 59 32 continue valmont ' my dear Madame de tourvel ... I have just come ... to my desk ... ' emilie understand now . she turn she head to smile up at he . valmont do not move , I say . '... in the middle of a stormy night , during which I have be toss from exaltation to exhaustion and back again . the position in which I find myself as I write have make I more than ever aware of the power of love ... ' int . mme do tourvel's bedroom at the chateau day mme do tourvel sit at she bureau , read valmont 's letter . valmont ( v.0 . ) '... I can -scarcely control myself sufficiently to put my thought in order ; but despite this torment , I guarantee that at this moment I be far happier than you ... ' the letter : a teardrop fall on to the paper , smudge the ink . int . emilie's bedroom night emilie be reach back to caress valmont as he write . valmont '... I hope one day you may feel the kind of disturbance afflict I now : meanwhile please excuse I while I take step to calm what I can only describe as a mount excitement . ' he move aside paper , pen and inkwell and lie forward to murmur in emilie 's ear . valmont we will finish it later , shall we ? 60 33 int . grand salon in mme do merteuil' house day it 's September now and there 's a hint of Autumn in the afternoon light . valmont be take tea with the marquise do merteuil . valmont you damned cousin , the volange bitch , want I away from Madame de tourvel : well , now I be and I intend to make she suffer for it . you plan to ruin she daughter , be you make any progress , be there anything I can do to help , I be entirely at you disposal . merteull well , yes , I tell danceny you would act as he confidant and advisor . I want you to stiffen he resolve , if that 's the phrase . valmont frown , not at all pleased . merteull I think if anyone could help he ... valmont help ? he do not need help , he need hindrance : if he have to climb over enough of they , he might inadvertently fall on top of she . he shake he head dismissively , get up and move over to flop down on a chaise - longue . valmont I take it he have not be a great success , merteuil he 's be disastrous . like most intellectual , he 's intensely stupid . valmont enjoy this : he look at merteuil , shaking he head in admiration . valmont I often wonder how you manage to invent yourself . merteuil I have no choice , do I , I be a woman . when I come out into society , I be fifteen , nobody have teach I anything : 7 ) 60 34 continue merteuil ( cont ) and it be not pleasure I be after , it be knowledge . so I practise detachment . I learn how to smile pleasantly while , under the table , I stick a fork into the back of my hand . I become not merely impenetrable , but a virtuoso of deceit . woman be oblige to be far more skilful than man . so of course I have to invent : not only myself , but way of escape no one else have ever think of . and I have succeed , because I always know I be bear to dominate you sex and avenge my own . I operate on a wonderfully simple principle : win or die . valmont do that make you infallible ? merteuil when I want a man , I have he ; when he want to tell , he find he can not . that 's the whole story . valmont and be that we story ? merteuil pause before answer : the air be become increasingly charge with eroticism . merteuil I want you before we would even meet . my self - esteem demand it . then , when you begin to pursue I , I want you so badly . it 's the only one of my notion have ever get the better of I . single combat . valmont thank you . ' a heavy silence be break by the sudden open of the mirrore double - door . merteuil 's majordomo move over and murmur to she . she nod in acknowledgement . the majordomo set off again , back towards the door . merteuil indicate a screen , which stand in a distant corner of the room . merteuil if you would care to go behind the screen , vicomte , I have arrange a little scene I hope you may find entertaining . valmont frown at she , puzzle . '' 60 35 continue merteuil well , hurry . valmont rise and move swiftly across the room . he 's in place behind the screen just in time to avoid be see by mme do volange , who hurry in look slightly flustered , accompany by the majordomo . merteuil , who have assume a grave expression , rise to greet she , kissing she on both cheek . volange you note say it be urgent ... merteuil it 's day now , I have not be able to think about anything else , I could not decide what to do for the best . please , sit down . valmont listen behind the screen , bemuse . volange take a seat , thoroughly alarmed . merteuil I have reason to believe that a , how can [ describe it , a dangerous liaison have sprung up between you daughter and the Chevalier danceny . behind the screen , valmont be dumbfounded by this ; he shake he head , at a loss to understand merteuil 's tactic . meanwhile , volange be confidently dismiss the suggestion . volange no , no , that 's completely absurd . cécile be still a child , she under - stands nothing of this thing ; and danceny be a entirely respectable young man . merteuil tell I , do cécile have a great many correspondent ? " yolanges why do you ask ? merteuil I go into she room at the beginning of this week , I simply knock and enter ; and she be stuff a letter into the leave -hand drawer of she bureau ; in which , I could not help notice , there seem to be a large number of other letter . '' ) 7 ) 60 36 continue silence . behind the screen , valmont 's mouth be open in admiration and amazement . volange rise to she foot . volange I be most grateful to you . [ will see myself out . merteuil ring . volange stand up , still in a state of mild shock . merteuil would you think it impertinent if I be to make another suggestion ? volange no , no . merteull if my recollection be correct , I overhear you say to the vicomte de valmont that he aunt have invite you and cécile to stay at she chateau . close on valmont . his eye narrow and a smile begin to spread across he face . volange she have , yes , repeatedly . merteuil a spell in the country might be the very thing . the majordomo have return and merteuil beckon he over . she gesture urgently and valmont suddenly realise he be visible in the mirrore : door . he take evasive action just in time , as merteuil be speak to the majordomo . merteuil show Madame de volange to she , carriage . she embrace volange warmly , check that valmont be no longer visible . bow down with care , volange shuffles out of the room after the majordomo . valmont emerge from behind the screer as merteuil settles on the chaise-longue . he 's lose in admiration . : merteuil you ask for hindrance . valmont you be a genuinely wick woman . 60 continue 37 merteull and you want a chance to make my cousin suffer , valmont it can not resist you . merteuil T have make it easy for you . valmont . but all this be most inconvenient ; the comtesse de beaulieu have invite I to stay , merteuil well , you will have to put she off . valmont the comtesse have promise I extensive use of she garden . it seem she husband 's finger be not as green as they once be . merteuil maybe not , ut 's from what I hear , all he friend be gardener . valmont ts that so ? mertelil you want you revenge . I want my revenge , I be afraid there 's really only one place you cau ey . valmont back to auntie , eh ? merteuil back to auntie . where you can also pursue that other matter . you have sone evidence to procure , have you not valmont do not answer for a moment , he approach , reverting to the tone of . just before mme do volange 's arrival . valmont do not you think it would . be a generous gesture , show a proper confidence in my ability , to take that evidence - for grant , ..? merteuil I need it in write , vicomte . 60 61 62 63 38 continue he 's close to she now , give she he most charming smile . she lean she head back , unmove . they voice be intimate , he persuasive , hers amise , merteuil and now you must leave I . valmont must I ? why ? merteuil because I be hungry . valmont yes , I have quite a appetite myself . merteuil then go home and eat . he lean in to kiss she , but she turn aside , offer he she cheek , merteuil in write . he give up , smile at she , still in admiration . int . cecile's bedroom in mme do volange's house Day cecile look up with a start as mme do volange storm into the room , go straight to ‘her bureau and open the left-hand drawer . her eye widen in horror as mme do volange bring out a handful of letter , int , drawing room in valmont house pay danceny be in the process of sealing a letter , when he be overcome by emotion : he put down the sealing - wax and sob , bury he face in he band . valmont grunt understandingly , ipke the seal from between danceny 's limp finger and apply it to the wax . then he put a arm round danceny , who bury he face in valmont 's chest . valmont pass a fastidious hand lightly over danceny 's hair and pick up the letter . int . grand salon in mme do rosemonde's chateau day the edge of the letter protrude from valmont 's pocket as he move around the large room . the Autumn sun stream in through the french window . a wider angle show the four woman dispose around the room ; mme do tourvel , stretch out on a chaise - longue , ashen , stare . at a book ; mme do volange , in a window - seat , stare out at the grounds ; celine , in a corner , work at she embroidery ; - 39 continue and mme do rosemonde , play solitaire at the card -table . the latter look up as valmont drift by . rosemonde you will be pleased to hear , my dear , that armand be on he foot again and back at work . valmont who ? rosemonde monsieur armand , whose family you help so generously . valmont oh , yes . he find a seat , equidistant between tourvel and cecile and stare for a moment at tourvel . when she look up at hin , he look away quickly , this time at cecile , who presently become aware of he gaze and embarrassed by it . valmont turn very quickly back to tourvel and be gratify to catch she still look at he , though she immediately turn away . rosemonde meanwhile turn to address volange . rosemonde when my nephew be last stay here , we discover quite by chance ... valmont interrupt she , suddenly rise to he foot , still stare at tourvel . valmont be you feel all right , Madame ? I be sorry to interrupt you , aunt , it seem to I all of a sudden that Madame de tourvel do not look at all well . tourvel ' I be ... no , I be quite all right . by now , rosemonde and volange be on they foot , converge on tourvel . as they bear down on she , valmont step back , slip the letter out of he pocket and hold it behind he back , wave it at cecile . she 's very slow to react , but eventually she grasp the significance of valmont 's impatient ' gesture , toss she embroidery aside and stuff the letter in she pocket . meanwhile , to the other , mme do tourvel continue to be the centre of attention . volange perhaps you need some air . do you feel constrict in any way ? 63 40 continue tourvel no , really ... valmont I feel sure Madame de volange be right , as usual . a turn around the grounds perhaps . . rosemonde yes , yes , a little walk in the garden , it 's not too cool , I think . tourvel frown in puzzlement as volange wrap a shawl round she shoulder and propel she in the direction of the french window , rosemonde Fresh air will do you the world of good . volange the meal be somewhat heavy , perhaps ... rosemonde I do not believe that can be the cause ... 2 during this exchange , cecile have gather up she shawl and make to follow the other . as she 's spread it across she shoulder , however , she 's startle to find it tug away from she by valmont , who drop it on a chair , murmure between clench tooth . valmont come back for it . she frown at he for a moment , then follow the still - cluck lady out into the garden . valmont watch with satisfaction as she stop , say a word to she mother and then come hurry back into the room . valmont sit she down , hand she she shawl and sit opposite she , talk very fast . valmont IL do not want to arouse suspicion , Mademoiselle , so I must be brief . the letter be from the Chevalier danceny . : cecile yes , I think so , monsieur . valmont now the hand - over of such letter be a far from easy matter to accomplish . I can not very well create a diversion every dav . '' '' 63 84 41 continue at this point valmont produce a large key from he waistcoat pocket , valmont so , this key resemble the key to you bedroom , which I happen to know be keep in you mother 's room , on the mantelpiece , tie with a blue ribbon . take it , go up now , attach the blue ribbon to it and put it in place of you bedroom key , which you will then bring to I . I will be able to get a copy cut within two hour . then I will be able to collect you letter and deliver danceny 's without any complication . he drop the key into cecile 's lap . valmont ob , and in the cupboard by you bed , you will find a feather and a small bottle of oil , so that you can oil the lock and hinge on the ante-room door . off you go . cecile be you sure , monsieur , I be not sure it would be right ... valmont trust I . cecile well , I know monsieur danceny have every confidence in you ... valmont believe I , Mademoiselle , if there 's one thing I can not abide , it 's deceitfulness . 's she hesitates for a moment and then hurry away . ext . terrace day valmont step out of the french window on to the terrace , where rosamonde , volange and tourvel . be wait . - volange do you know where my daughter be , vicomte ? valmont I believe she go up to get she shawl , 64 65 66 67 42 continue volange oh ? I think she have she shawl . int . mme do volangess bedroom day cecile grapples with the blue ribbon , experience the great difficulty in disentangle it . ext . terrace day valmont , he expression a little tense , have move away from the group of wait woman . he 's startle when he look up to see mme do tourvel bear down on he , speak in a fierce undertone . tourvel if I do feel i11 , monsieur , it would not be difficult to guess who be responsible . valmont be too surprised to answer . tourvel you promise to leave here . valmont and I do . tourvel then how can you be insensitive enough to return without warning ? valmont be only too aware that mme do volange be now head purposefully back into the house . valmont would you excuse I , Madame ? he break away from she and set off towards a different entrance into the house . int . mme do volangess bedroom day cecile have almost finish tie the blue ribbon on to the second key , when it slip from she finger and drop into the grate . she fall to she knee and try to fish it out . she can not reach it , suddenly , the creak of the ante-room door make she look up in terror . it 's valmont . he hurry across the room . valmont Quick . you mother . 67 68 69 43 continue cecile indicate the key in the grate . valmont 's finger be long enough to reach the ribbon . he fish the key out and drop it on the mantelpiece . then he catch sight of volange 's shawl , pick it up , thrust it at cecile and dive behind the door , just as volange arrive . volange what be you do ? cecile I just come up to fetch you shawl . she hand she the shawl and they leave the room . valmont wait a few second before emerge . int . MAIN staircase day as mme do volange and cecile arrive at the top of the stair , so valmont arrive at the bottom . they pass on the stair , valmont move respectfully to one side , and volange ignore he . cecile , a pace behind , take the opportunity to slip the key into valmont 's hand , almost drop it as she do so . ext . formal garden day mme do tourvel and valmont sit at either end of a bench in the rigidly manicure garden . valmont why be you so angry with I ? tourvel I be not angry . although since you very first letter speak of nothing but the disorder of love , I be certainly entitle to ' be . valmont I be away almost three week and write to you only three time . since I be quite un - able to think about anything but you , some might say I show heroic restraint . tourvel but you persist in write about you love . valmont it 's true : I could not find the etranw~th +m nhmer a 4 69 continue tourvel you must know it 's impossible for I to reciprocate you feeling . valmont what else could I have write to you about , other than my love ? what else be there ? I believe I have do everything you have ask of I . i ! and you come back . tourvel | you have do nothing of the sort . i valmont | I leave here when you want I to . | tourvel valmont , momentarily block by this , cast around for a way forward . | : , tourvel ~ all I can offer you , monsieur , be -) my friendship ; can not you accept it ? valmont I could pretend to : but that would be dishonest . the man I use to be would have be content with friend - ship ; and set about try to turn ! it to he advantage . but I have : change , thanks to you . you have make I a better person : you must not now undo you handiwork . tourvel I have no wish to . but equally , I 1 have no wish to hear what you invariably get round to say . valmont surely we do not have to try to avoid each other ? tourvel of course not . provide you promise not to insult I . valmont I shall obey you in this as in everything . my Rather to she surprise , he rise to he foot and bow formally . 70 71 72 73 45 int . dressing - room in mme do merteuil' house Day merteuil sit , en negligée , read a letter . valmont ( v.0 . ) ' we go for a walk together almost every day : a little further every time down the path that have no turn . ' ext . ground of the chateau day valmont and mme do tourvel stroll through parkland , the chateau silhouett on a ridge behind they , deep in conversation . valmont I wish you know I well enough to recognise how much you have change I . my friend in Paris remark on it at once . I have become the soul of consideration , charitable , conscientious , more celibate than a monk ... tourvel more celibate ? valmont well , you know the storey one hear in Paris . mme do tourvfi . to not suppress a smile . long shot : the two of they move through the autumn landscape . int . merteuil' dressing -room day merteuil continue to read . valmont ( v.0 . ) " she 's accept my love ; I have 's accept she friendship ; we be both aware how little there be to choose between they . her eye be close , ' merteuil look up from the letter , thoughtful . int . ante - room to the volange ' bedroom night the hinge no longer squeak as valmont , in bis dress - gown , carry a dark - laatern , close the door behind he , produce the key , cross to another door , insert the key in the lock , turn it , remove and pocket the key , open the door and advance . 46 int , cecile's bedroom night cecile be fast asleep inthe large bed . valmont close the door behind he and cross silently to the bed . he stands for a moment , contemplate cecile . then he put the lantern down carefully , lean forward and very gently ease back the cover . cecile stir but still do not wake . valmont pass he hand through the air , trace the contour of she body . finally , he put he hand over she mouth . she wake with a start , she eye wide above he hand . valmont smile and speak in a whisper . valmont nothing to worry about . he remove he hand . she stare up at he , frown . cecile have you bring a letter ? valmont no. cecile then what ... instead of answer , he lean forward to kiss she . there 's a brief , fierce struggle , in which cecile successfully defend herself from the kiss , but be entirely take by surprise when valmont plunge a hand up inside she nightdress . her eye widen in horror , but she cry be instantly stifle as valmont 's other hand clamp down on she mouth . she writhes determinedly for a moment , succeed in freeing she head and dive across the bed to reach for the bell - pull . valmont leap on to the bed , grasp she wrist just in time . she grapples with he for a moment . valmont what be you go to tell you mother ? how will you explain the fact that I have you key ? if I tell she I be here at you invitation , I have a feel she will believe I . cecile stop struggle , she eye wide with fear . he 's lie beside she on the bed . cecile what do you want ? valmont well , I do not know , what do you think ? his hand go back up inside she nightdress . cecile no , please , do not . please . be 74 continue 47 valmont all right . I just want you to give I a kiss . cecile a kiss ? valmont that 's all . cecile then will you go ? valmont then I will go . cecile promise ? valmont whatever you say . cecile flop back on the pillow and close she eye . cecile all right . valmont lean in and give she a long kiss , he hand roam as he do so . after a while he pull away , cecile all right ? valmont very nice . cecile no , I mean , will you go now ? valmont oh , I do not think so . cecile but you promise . valmont I promise to go when you give I a kiss . you do not give I a kiss . I give you a kiss . not the same thing at all . cecile peer at he miserably . he look back at she , calmly wait . cecile and if I give you a kiss ...? 74 75 48 continue valmont that 's what I say . cecile you really promise ? valmont let 's just get ourselves more comfortable , shall we ? cecile do you ? valmont dispose the sheet over he , move on top of she as he do so . he replace he hand and cecile react with a start . cecile please do not do that . valmont I will take it away . after the kiss . cecile promise ? valmont yes , yes . cecile swear ? valmont I swear . now put you arm round I . cecile reach up and give he a long , surprisingly intense kiss , she eye tightly close . suddenly she gasp and she eye open wide with amazement . slowly valmont 's hand come up from under the cover . cecile look at it , appal . ' valmont see . I tell you I would take my hand away . int . dine -room Day mme do rosemonde sit at the head of the long polished table with mme do volange on she right and cecile on she leave . further down , on volange 's side be valmont ; opposite he , mme do tourvel . it 's breakfast time and the sideboard be groan with beef and poultry and lamb cutlet . valmont be eat heartily ; cecile , on the other hand , stare 75 76 717 78 79 49 continue unseeingly at she food . she look up . across the table , valmont catch she eye and give she a imperceptible wink . immediately , she burst into noisy tear , get up and hurry out of the room . consternation , except for valmont , who , unperturb , sip at he champagne , volange I would better to and see what 's wrong if you will excuse I . rosemonde of course , my dear . valmont I should not worry , Madame . the young have such miraculous power of recuperation . I be sure she will soon be back in the saddle . volance , on she foot already , acknowledge valmont with a perfunctory smile , as she hurry out of the room . int . ante - room night vv : ont tip -toe in with he dark - lantern . he reach cecile 's door , bring out he key and turn it in the lock . the door do not yield . valmont frown , puzzle and try again . int . cecile's bedroom night the door be bolt on the inside . cecile sit at she bureau , write a letter , tear roll down she face . she look up at the SOUND of the key in the lock , then return with a even fiercer concentration to she letter . int . dressing - room in mme do merteuil' house day mbrteuil read cecile 's letter , a sardonic smile on she face . cecile ( v.0 . ) who else can I turn to in my desparation , Madame ? and how can I write the necessary word ? ext . MAIN entrance to mme do rosemonde's chateau day a large and elegant carriage draw up outside the chateau . the head footman , a silver - haire veteran , pass down the step through the rank of servant , who wait at attention , open the carriage door , lower the step and remain bow in anticipation . presently the marquise do merteuil emerge . from the carriage . 50 : . 78 = continue | mme do rosemonde and mme do volange descend between the i rank of servant , the latter arrive first and mutter urgently to merteuil as they embrace . volange there 's something go on , ' cecile will not tell I , you must 1 speak to she at once . 80 int . grand salon in mme do rosemonde's chateau Day merteuil sit on a chaise - longue not far from a open french window . cecile kneel at she foot , still distraight . ' cecile I think he would just come to bring I a letter . but he have not . and by the time I realise what he have come for , it be , well , it be too late to stop he . - merteuil > you mean to tell I you be upset . because monsieur de valmont have teach you something you have undoubtedly be die to learn ? cecile ' what ? merteuil ' and be I to understand that what ' generally bring a girl to she sense have deprive you of yours ? cecile I think you would be horrify . merteuil , tell I : you resist he , do you ? cecile of course I do , as much as I could , merteuil but he force you ? it be not that exactly , but I find it almost impossible to defend myself . ~ cecile ) merteuil why be that ? do he tie you up ? 80 continue S . Z 3 cecile no. no , but he have a way of put thing . you just can not think of a answer . merteuil not even no ? cecile I keep say no all the time ; but somehow that be not what I be do . she look up at merteuil . I be so ashamed . merteuil you will find the shame be like the pain : you only feel it once . cecile what be I go to do ? merteuil you really want my advice ? cecile i please . ' merteuil allow monsieur de valmont to i continue you instruction . : convince you mother you have forget danceny . and raise no objection to the marriage . cecile gape at she , bewilder . cecile with monsieur de bastide ? merteuil when it come to marriage one man be as good as the next ; and even the least accommodate be less trouble than a mother . cecile ~ so be you say I be go to have to do that with three different 5 man ? merteuil I be say , you stupid little girl , that provide you take a few elementary precaution , you can do it , or not , with re many mon be eas vale no pe ! 4 xk 80 81 continue merteuil ( cont ) you like , in as many different way as you like . we sex have few enough advantage , you may as well make the most of that you have . cecile be fascinate : she look at merteuil with a kind of wild surmise . merteuil and now here come you mama , so - remember what I have say and , above all , no snivelling . mme do volange arrive from the garden through the french window , anxiously look at cecile . volange how be you feel now , my dear ? cecile oh , much better thank you , maman . volange you look so tired . I think you should go to bed . cecile no , really , I ... merteuil I think you should do as you mother suggest . we can arrange for some - thing to be bring to you room . I be sure it would do you good . cecile well . perhaps you be right , Madame . and she leave the room , turn back once to exchange a mischievous glance with merteuil . volange do not see this , have turn gratefully back to merteuil . volange you have such a very good influence on she , int . upstair corridor night valmont , carry he dark - lantern , lead cecile along the corridor . they be both in dress - gowns . he open a door quietly . ws int . valmont bedroom night valmont lead cecile into the room ; it 's much grander than hers , and she look around , a little awed . candle burn in strategic emplacement . valmont here , you can make as much noise as you like . he put the lantern down by the bed and press down on it . valmont and the mattress be a little harder . cecile be that good ? valmont oh , yes , that 's very good . impulsively , cecile throw off she thing and jump onto the bed . she bounce up and down experimentally and then reach a hand up to valmont . cecile come on . valmont smile and then lower himself gently alongside she on the bed . she grab at he dress - gown and he take she wrist , restrain she . valmont the first thing you must learn be that there be no necessity whatsoever for haste . he reach out to caress she . now . as with every other science , the first principle be to make sure you call everything by its proper : ' name . cecile I do not see why you have to talk at all . valmont without the correct polite vocabulary , how can you indicate what you would like I to do or make I a offer of something [ I might find agreeable . cectle surely you just ... 82tinue valmont you see , if I do my work adequately , I would like to think you will be able to surprise monsieur de bastide on he wedding night . cecile would he be pleased ? valmont well , of course , he will merely assume you mama have do she duty and fully brief you . ' ile burst out laugh . cecile maman could not possibly talk about anything of the sort . valmont . ica not think why . she be , after all , at one time , one of the most notorious young woman in Paris . cecile maman ? valmont certainly . more note for she enthusiasm than she ability , if I remember rightly . there be a famous occasion , oh , before you be bear , this would have be , when she go to stay with the comtesse de beaulieu , who tactfully give she a room between you father 's and that of a monsieur de vressac , who be she acknowledge lover at the time . yet in spite of this careful arrangement , she contrive to spend the night with a third party . 2 cecile I can not believe that , it 's just gossip . valmont no , no , I assure you , it 's true . cecile how do you know ? lmont look down at she , a slow smile spread . valmont the third nawee ane merest & xx 82 83 55 ' continue cecile 's jaw drop . for a moment she stare at valmont , appal . then she burst out laugh , she laughter even more abandon than before . valmont well , we can return to this subject later . during the interval . he caress she thoughtfully . valmont you ask I if monsieur de bastide would be pleased with you ability ; and the answer be that even if he be not , I do not believe it would be difficult to find other who would . Education be never a waste . he begin kissing she , he head travel down she body . he plant a kiss on she stomach and look up at she . : valmont now , I think we might begin with one or two Latin term . int . grand salon evening mme do rosemonde be entertaining member of the local nobility and everyone have make a effort to do justice to the occasion . valmont and merteuil move through the crowd , resplendent , converse in a undertone , as they acknowledge the greeting of they acquaintance . valmont make a particularly deep reverence to mme do volange and cecile , at which the former smile in queasy response . merteuil so she let you in last night ? ' valmont . well , yes . merteuil thanks to I , I think you will find . she seem to be under the impression that you original approach be rather ... underhand . she wave charmingly at some elderly guest . to tell you the truth , the real reason I consent to spend a day at this lugubrious address be that I be hope to be show some tear - stain kirt af nanan q cy 83 continue valmont ah . merteuil but I can only assume that no such document exist . valmont no . merteuil probably just as well , no doubt you be exhaust . valmont I think you know I better than that . merteuil where be she ? valmont can not see she at the moment . he blow a kiss at a woman , who pretend not to notice . valmont surely I have explain to you before how much I enjoy watch the battle between love and virtue . merteuil what concern I be that you appear to enjoy watch it more than you use to enjoy win it . valmont all in good time . merteuil the century be draw to its close . valmont I really do not want to hurry thing : every step she try to take away from the inevitable conclusion bring she a little nearer to it . and when bastide and cécile be marry and Madame de tourvel eventually collapse , we shall tell everyone , shall we not ? merteuil I wish I could share you confidence , vicomte . but I be beginning to have my doubt about you . do you really deserve you reputation ? y 83 84 s7 continue they travel have bring they back close to mme do volange and cecile , whom valmont surreptitiously indicate . valmont be not it a pity that we agreement do not relate to the task you set I rather than the task I set myself ? merteuil I be grateful , of course : but that would have be almost insultingly simple . one do not applaud the tenor for clear he throat . the pure and unearthly SOUND of a soprano voice raise in some religious anthem , as valmont and merteuil join a reluctant mme do volange . int . music - room evening the voice belong to a tall man of melancholy aspect : a castrato . he stand on a dais in front of a small baroque orchestra , sing exquisitely , the vein stand out on he temple , to a attentive audience . valmont and merteuil be in the back row , watch . suddenly , however , valmont give a quite perceptible start , which merteuil notice . she follow he eyeline . mme do tourvel , look frail and beautiful , have enter the room . she make she way to a isolate seat , quite close to the orchestra and at a angle and begin to listen . merteuil turn to look at valmont . he 's transfix . presently , mme do tourvel half - turn to scan the crowd . she 's look for valmont ; and when she see he she hold he gaze and smile shyly . valmont smile back : merteuil watch he , with a trace of alarm . mme do tourvel turn back to listen to the music . valmont stare , rapt , at she profile . then he start again , as merteuil 's hand close on he wrist . he smile at she sheepishly , aware of be catch out . mme do tourvel be move by the music . there be tear in she eye . valmont be once again lose in contemplation of she profile . he do not notice now that merteuil be look at he , she expression considerably disturb . cy u 85 86 87 88 89 58 int . private chapel day valmont arrive late for the service . he 's pleased to notice that the seat next to mme do tourvel be empty . indeed , as she turn and beckon to it , it 's clear that she have save it for he . he arrive , acknowledge she and kneel for a moment 's private prayer . int . valmont bedroom night valmont stand , still fully dress , in he candle - light bedroom , he door slightly ajar , he eye to the crack in the door . int . corridor night valmont p.o.v. through the crack in the door ; mme do tourvel , alone , arrive at the top of the stair . int . valmont bedroom night valmont straighten up and saunter out of he room . int . corridor night valmont stop , as if surprised , and bow to mme do tourvel . valmont Madame . tourvel where be you go , monsieur ? valmont to the salon . tourvel there 's no - one there . the other have all decide on a early night . he 's follow she along the corridor now , on the way to she room . valmont I very much miss we walk today . tourvel yes . valmont I fear with the weather as it be , we can look forward to very few more of they . 7 89 90 L 59 continue valmont oh , yes . by this time , they have arrive at the door to she bedroom , which she 's open . she hesitates in the doorway and valmont decide to take a chance . valmont May I ? tourvel of course . try to conceal he astonishment , he follow she into the room . int . tourvel's bedroom night valmont speak , to cover he entrance into the room , which be similarly appoint to he own , though somehow far more sober in feel . valmont but , you see , within a week I shall have conclude my business . tourvel stop in she track , clearly affect by this news . tourvel I see . valmont even so , I be not sure I will be able to bring myself to leave . tourvel oh , please . you must ! it 's a involuntary exclamation ; valmont know exactly how to capitalise on it . valmont be you still so anxious to get rid of I ? tourvel you know the answer to that . I rely on you integrity and generosity . I want to be able to be grateful to you . valmont forgive I if I say I do not want you gratitude . I want something altogether deeper . >) na } 90 60 continue tourvel I know God be punish I for my pride . I be so certain nothing like this could ever happen . valmont nothing like what ? tourvel I can not ... valmont do you mean love ? be love what you mean ? he take she hand . she start , but do not remove it . tourvel you promise not to speak of it . valmont but I must know , I need this consolation at least . tourvel I can not ... do not you see ... it 's impossible . valmont of course I understand , I do not want you to say anything , but I must know , I must know if you love I , do not speak , you do not have to speak . I just want you to look at I . just look . that 's all I ask . Long silence . finally , slowly , mme do tourvel raise she eye to he . 's tourvel yes . they be motionless for a moment . then. valmont release she hand and put he arm around she . as he do so , she eye suddenly go dead and she collapse sideways , obliging he to catch she . she sway in he arm for a moment , then come to and jerk violently away from he , run half - way across the room . then she burst into tear . she stand for a moment , sobbing wildly , then rush at valmont , fall to she knee and throw she arm round he leg . xq 90 91 92 61 cont inue tourvel for God 's sake , you must leave I , if you do not want to kill I , you must help , it 's kill I ! valmont , somewhat take aback at first by she intensity , collect himself and lift she to she foot . for a moment , they sway together in a ungainly embrace ; then mme do tourvel 's sob cease abruptly and give way to chatter tooth and almost epileptic convulsion . startle , valmont gather she up in he arm , carry she over and deposit she gently on the bed . the convulsion continue , she tooth be clench , the blood drain from she face . he lean forward and loosen she bodice as she stare helplessly up at he . slowly , she feature return to normal . he look down at she , perplex . her arm open , she relax , she lip part . he start to lean towards she , then suddenly check himself and look away , something almost like shame darken he expression . her face begin to collapse . he look back at she , gnaw at he lip . she begin to go into shock again and he straighten up , move back across the room and pull the bell - pull . her sob drive he from the room . int . corridor night as valmont step into the corridor , rosemonde 's may , adele come hurry up , struggle into she dress - gown . valmont fetch Madame . Madame de tourvel have be take ill . adele hurry away and valmont steel himself to step back into the room . int . tourvel's bedroom night as valmont appear in the doorway , tourvel stretch out she hand to he . he cross and take it between both of he . he stand , massage she hand , bemuse and thoughtful . he let go of she hand abruptly as mme do rosemonde appear , shepherd by adele . valmont I hear something as I be pass ; she seem to . be have difficulty breathe . rosemonde oh , my dear , whatever be it ? tourvel I be all right now . y ( ( 92 93 94 95 62 continue valmont I shall leave she in you capable hand , aunt . and still look strangely abash , he leave the room . rosemonde we must send for a doctor , my dear . mme do tourvel be rouse from she rapt contemplation of valmont 's departure . : tourvel no , no , please , I do not need a doctor . I just ... come and sit by I for a moment . int . corridor night as valmont move back towards he room , lose in think , he hear a footstep behind he . it 's mme do volange , on she way to investigate the disturbance . valmont make a authoritative gesture to discourage she from enter tourvel ' room , and she turn away , strangely confuse and abash . int . valmont bedroom night valmont close the door behind he and lean he head back on it , completely mystify . int . tourvel's bedroom night rosemonde 's kindly face look anxiously down at mme do tourvel . they be hold hand . adele have leave the room . mme do tourvel speak very quietly , control herself with enormous difficulty . ' tourvel I must leave this house . I be most desperately in love . mme do rosemonde bow she head , unsurprise . tourvel to leave here be the last thing in the world I want to do , but I would rather die than have to live with the guilt . can you understand what I be say ? u 95 continue 63 rosemonde of course . my dear girl . none of this be any surprise to I . the only thing which might surprise one be how little the world change . tourvel well , what should I do ? what 's you advice ? rosemonde if I remember rightly , in such matter all advice be useless . tourvel I have never be so unhappy . eosemonde I be sorry to say this : but that who be most worthy of love be never make happy by it . you be too young to have understand that . tourvel by why , why should that be ? rosemonde do you still think man love the way we do ? no. Men enjoy the happiness they feel ; we can only enjoy the happiness we give . they be not capable of devote themselves exclusively to one person . so to hope to be make happy by love be a certain cause of grief . I be devote to my nephew , but what 's true of most man be doubly so of he . tourvel and yet ... he could have ... just now . he take pity on I , I see it happen , I see he decision not to take advantage of I . rosemonde if he have release you , my dear child , you must go . tourvel look up at she . Tears. begin to cascade from the corner of she eye . cy u 96 97 98 64 int . valmont bedroom night azolan lean over valmont , shaking he . valmont come up from the bottom of a deep sleep and wake with a start . azolan get up , sir , quick . valmont what be it ? azolan be already over by the window . azolan over here . valmont , spur by the urgency of he tone , scramble out of bed and join he at the window . ext . MAIN entrance night below , a carriage pull away and speed down the entrance drive . . . int . valmont bedroom night azolan turn to the still slightly befuddle valmont . azolan Madame de tourvel . valmont what ? suddenly , valmont be wide -awake . he issue he order calmly and decisively . - valmont I want you to follow she , right now . stay close to she . I want ' to know everything . who she see , where she go , what she eat , if she sleep . everything . he 's fetch what look like a great deal of money out of he desk . valmont that 's for bribe , your will come later , azolan yes , sir . valmont or not . now go . cy 98 99 100 101 65 continue the shock beginning to show . fade int . drawing -room in valmont house day valmont look up as azolan arrive at speed . valmont and what treasure do you have in store for I today ? azolan hand he a letter . azolan this , which Julie manage to get to before it be seal up . it 's to Father anselme . she say he can bring you to see she . valmont have run he eye over the letter . valmont this be excellent . deliver it . what news ? azolan no visitor . there still have not be a single visitor since she get back . int . drawing -room in mme do tourvel's house night mme do tourvel sit stare sightlessly at a open book ; beside she , a tray of food , scarcely disturb . there be dark circle under she eye . azolan ( v.0 . ) bit of soup last night but do not touch the pheasant . afterwards a cup of tea . nothing else to report . int . drawing - room in valmont house day valmont , pleased , be hand azolan a fat purse . valmont how 's Julie ? azolan seem a bit keener than she be in the country . vat.mont 101 66 continue azolan sigh , shaking he head gloomily . azolan talk about devotion to duty . valmont 's majordomo show mme do merteuil and danceny into the room . valmont dismiss azolan , speak out of the side of he mouth . valmont off you go . keep it up . azolan and the majordomo leave as valmont greet he visitor . valmont Madame . my dear boy . danceny run over to he and embrace he impulsively . danceny thank you , monsieur , for every - thing . valmont I be afraid I would be a sad disappointment to you . danceny on the contrary , it 's you I have to thank for keep we love alive . valmont ah , as to love , cécile think of little else . danceny I have so hope you would be able to arrange a meeting between we in the country . ' valmont yes . in many respects I find she very open to persuasion ; but not , ala , on that issue . danceny she say in she letter I could not do more myself than you have be do on my behalf . valmont she 's a most generous girl . | u 101 continue 67 danceny I do not know how I can bear to go another two week without see she . - merteuil we shall have to do we very best to provide some distraction for you . and now if you would be so kind as to wait in the carriage , there 's a matter I must discuss with the vicomte in private . danceny of course . he bow to valmont and pump he hand heartily . danceny I do not know how I can ever repay you . valmont do not give it another think , it 's be delightful . . danceny leave the room and valmont and merteuil look at one another . valmont poor boy . he 's quite harmless . merteuil I must say I think cécile 's letter sound unusually witty . valmont so I should hope : I dictate it . merteuil ah , vicomte , I do adore you . valmont I have a piece of news I hope you might find entertaining : I have reason to believe the next head of the house of bastide may be a valmont . merteuil what can you mean ? . valmont cécile be two week late . 101 continue 68 merteuil be startle : she frown , assess the implication . valmont be not you pleased ? merteuil I be not sure . valmont you aim be to revenge yourself on bastide . I have provide he with a wife train by I to perform quite naturally service you would hesitate to request from a professional and very likely pregnant as well . what more do you want ? : merteuil all right , vicomte , I agree , you have more than do you duty . shame you let the other one slip through you finger . valmont 's expression darken . valmont I let she go . can you imagine ? merteuil but why ? valmont I be ... move . merteuil oh , well , then , no wonder you bungle it . valmont I have no idea she be capable of be so devious . merteuil poor woman , what else could you expect ? to surrender and not be take , it would try the patience of a saint . valmont I have a appointment to visit she on Thursday . and this time , I shall be merciless . I be go to punish she . merteuil I be pleased to hear it . gy 101 102 103 69 continue valmont why do you suppose we only feel compel to chase the one who run away ? merteuil immaturity ? valmont I sha not have a moment 's peace until it 's over , you know . I love she , I hate she , my life 's a misery ; I have get to have she so I can pass all this feeling on to she and be rid of they . merteuil be not best pleased by he tone . merteuil I think I may have keep we young friend wait long enough . . valmont I shall call on you sometime soon after Thursday . . merteuil only if you succeed , vicomte . I be not sure I could face another catalogue of incompetence . she peck he on the cheek and hurry away . valmont watch she leave , troubled . int . landing and staircase in mme do tourvel's house eveninc a footman show . valmont and father anselme , a stocky cistercian up the stair . valmont murmur in father anselme 's ear and the latter , after a moment 's hesitation , peel away to sit down on the landing . 's int . drawing -room in mme do tourvel's house evening mme do tourvel look up with a start as she footman show in valmont . she stand up , visibly tremble , ethereal with exhaustion . the footman wait and be surprised to be dismiss impatiently with a gesture from tourvel , valmont I understand Father anselme have explain to you the reason for my visit . vy cy 103 continue 70 tourvel yes . he say you wish to be reconcile with I before beginning instruction with he . valmont that 's right . tourvel but I see no need for formal reconciliation , monsieur . valmont no ? when I have , as you say , insulted you ; and when you have treat I with unqualified contempt . tourvel contempt ? valmont you run away from my aunt 's house in the middle of the night ; you refuse to answer or even receive my letter : and all this after I have show a restraint of which I think we be both aware . I would call that , at the very least , contempt . tourvel I be sure you understand I better '' than you pretend , monsieur ... valmont it be I you run away from , be not it ? tourvel I have to leave . valmont and do you have to keep away from I ? tourvel I do . valmont for ever ? tourvel I must . xk 103 71 continue valmont move away from she now , speak half to himself , it seem . valmont well . I be as unhappy as you could ever have want I to be . tourvel I have only ever want you happiness . valmont run across to she , fall to he knee and bury he face in she lap . valmont how can I be happy without you ? cautiously , as if plung it in boil water , mme do tourvel allow she hand to rest for a few second on valmont 's head . he look up at she fiercely . valmont I must have you or die . mme do tourvel scramble to she foot and retreat across the room . valmont remain on he knee , he head bow . valmont death it be . she look back at he , distraught . he rise to he foot , calmer now . valmont I be sorry . I be not use to passion . at least this be the last time . so be calm . tourvel it 's difficult when you be in this state , monsieur . valmont yes , well , it will not last very long . tourvel I understand you approve of the choice my duty have compel I to make . valmont yes . and you choice have determine mine . tourvel whirnh ge whae X 103 72 continue valmont the only choice capable of put a end to my suffer . tourvel 's eye be full of fear . tourvel what do you mean ? valmont put he hand on she arm and almost shake she . valmont listen . I love you . you have no idea now much . just remember I have make far more difficult sacrifice than the one I be about to make . now goodbye . he pull away from she , but she clutches at he wrist . : tourvel no. valmont let I go . tourvel you must listen to I ! valmont I have to go . tourvel no ! during this exchange they have be struggle , he to free himself , she to hang on to he . now she collapse into he arm and the struggle resolve into a long kiss . then he sweep she up in he arm , carry she across the room and gently set she down on the ottoman . she burst into tear and clutches on to he as if she 's drown . eventually he speak , he voice unusually tender . valmont why should you be so upset by the idea of make I happy ? gradually she stop cry , look up at he . tourvel yes . you be right . I can not live either unless I make you happy . so I promise . no more refusal and no more regret . xq 103 104 105 106 73 continue he lean in and kiss she gently . then he look at she for a second and they begin tear at one another 's clothes , suddenly both equally ravenous . int . landing evening father anselme shift uneasily , bemuse by the unexpected sound come from behind the close door of the draw room . int . MAIN staircase and landing in merteuil' house day valmont spring up the staircase , easily outpace the puffing majordomo . valmont success ! merteuil ( 0.s. ) at last . int . grand salon Day they be both seat : valmont exhilated , merteuil a trifle frosty . valmont I arrive about six . merteuil yes , I think you may omit the detail of the seduction , they be never very enliven : just describe the event itself . valmont it be ... unprecedented . merteuil 's face away from he now , so he 's unable to see ( or discern from she voice which remain icy calm ) that for she , every word be like a dagger . merteuil really ? valmont it have a kind of charm L do not think I have ever experience . before . cy 107 108 109 110 74 int . drawlng -room in mme do tourvel's house evening valmont . and . tourvel entwine on a ottoman , they clothes scattered around . valmont ( v.0 . ) once she would surrender , she behave with perfect candour . total mutual delirium . int . grand salon in merteuil' house day close on merteuil . valmont ( v.0.3 which for the first time ever with I outlast the pleasure itself . she be astonish . int . drawing -room evening mme do tourvel sit up now ; and valmont kneel at she foot , he head in she lap . she stroke he hair , she expression a strange mixture of exaltation and sadness . valmont ( v.0o . ) so much so that I end by fall on my knee and pledge she eternal love . and do you know , at the time ... int . grand salon day close on valmont , as he realise he 's allow himself , perhaps unwisely , to be carry ' away . valmont «-.and for several hour afterwards , I actually mean it . merteuil I see . valmont it 's extraordinary , be not it ? merteuil be it ? it sound to I perfectly commonplace . valmont no , no , I assure you . but of course the best thing about it be that I be now in a position to be able to claim my reward . ly a ] 75 110 continue merteuil rise . and turn to face he . she consider he coldly for a moment before speak . merteuil you mean to say you persuade she to write a letter as well , in the course of this awesome encounter ? valmont no , I do not necessarily think you be go to be a stickler for formality . merteuil in any case , I think I may have to declare we arrangement null and void . valmont what do you mean ? merteuil I be not accustom to be take for grant . : valmont but there 's no question of that . merteuil and I have no wish to tear you away from the arm of someone so astonish . valmont we have always be frank with one another . merteuil and as a matter of fact , I have also take a new lover , who , at 1 the moment , be prove more than satisfactory . valmont oh ? and who be that ? merteuil I be not in the mood for confidence this evening . do not let I keep you . she rise to she foot decisively . valmont follow suit , momentarily at a loss . y 111 112 76 corridor of mirror day valmont follow merteuil , as she move . briskly along the corridor . valmont you can not seriously imagine IL prefer she to you ? merteuil you may genuinely be unaware of this . but I can see quite plainly that you be in love with this woman . valmont stop in he track , shocked by the suggestion . " valmont no . not at all . merteuil turn back to he . merteuil have you forget what it 's like to make a woman happy : and to be make happy yourself ? valmont I ...of course not . merteuil we love each other once , do not we ? I think it be love . and you make I very happy . valmont and I could again . we just untied the knot , it be never break . merteuil illusion of course , be by they nature sweet . valmont I have no illusion . I lose they on my travel . now I want to come home . she shake she head , a hint of melancholy in she smile . grand staircase day as they reach the top of the stair , valmont take she in when they separate , there 's tenderness in she eye . . cy . y 112 113 114 115 116 117 77 continue valmont this infatuation : it will not last . but , for the moment , it 's beyond my control . she take she hand away and turn , she expression harden again . int . corridor of mirror day merteuil pass along the corridor , she head sink in think . she open the secret door . int . merteuil' bedroom day merteuil emerge from she secret door and smile at someone out of shot . int . valmont drawing -room evening valmont sit at he desk , write . valmont ( v.0 . ) I would sacrifice anything or anybody to you , you know that . I genuinely believe I have never be unfaithful to you . int . merteuil' grand salon day merteuil sit at a small escritoire , write . merteuil ( v.0 . ) there 's no necessity , my dear vicomte , for you to work on I in this , let 's be frank , mechanical ' fashion .. I be oblige to go away for a couple of week , but I be well aware of we arrangement . ext . STREET evening a large carriage pass , merteuil 's pale face at the window . there 's someone next to she in the shadow , unrecognisahle . merteuil ( v.0 . ) on my return you and L will spend a single night together . I be sure we shall find it quite sufficient . cy v 118 119 78 int . valmont bedroom day valmont lie in bed , reread the letter , a half - smile on he face . merteuil ( v.0 . ) we shall enjoy it enough to regret that it 's to be we last ; but then we shall remember that regret be a essential component of happiness . all this , of course , provide you be able to procure this famous letter . int . valmont drawing -room day valmont be pour some more champagne for emilie , when azolan hurry into the room and murmur in he ear . whatever he say seem to be a unpleasant surprise to valmont . valmont all right , give I a moment . azolan bow and leave the room as valmont turn to emilie . emilie a woman ? valmont a lady , we might even say . emilie oh , well , then . she swallow she champagne and rise to she foot . not the one you write that letter to ? valmont the very one . , emilie I enjoy that . valmont and you prove a most talented desk . emilie I would love to see what she look like . valmont well , you can not . '' 120 121 122 123 79 int . hall and staircase day azolan , move slowly , precede mme do . tourvel on the stair . int . valmont drawing -room day emilie be about to leave by a side - entrance , when valmont suddenly check she , a strange , reckless excitement in he eye . valmont wait a minute . do you have a appointment for tonight ? emilie few friend for dinner . valmont and after dinner ? emilie nothing firm . valmont open a drawer and count out some money . int . staircase and landing day mme do tourvel push past azolan in she eagerness ; then stop dead in the entrance to the draw - room . int . valmont drawing -room day mme do tourvel be p.o.v. : emilie be take the money from valmont . . emilie I will be there . she walk towards mme do tourvel , stare at she with undisguise fascination . mme do tourvel return she gaze , miserably confuse . valmont watch , plainly fascinate . at the last minute , just as she 's leave the room , emilie be suddenly convulse with mirth . she vanish , helplessly shaking with laughter . valmont hurry over to mme do tourvel , who now look horrify . valmont this be a unexpected pleasure . tourvel evidently . eee lee ‘ay from he as she sper " '' 80 123 ) continue valmont , take no notice of emilie ; she 's notoriously eccentric . tourvel I know that woman . valmont be you sure ? I would be surprised . tourvel she 's be point out to I at the Opera . valmont yes , well , she be strike . tourvel she 's a courtesan . be not she ? valmont I suppose , in a manner of speak ... but mme do tourvel turn and begin to hurry out of the room . valmont catch she arm . tourvel I be sorry I disturb you . valmont of course you have not disturb I , I be overjoy to see you . tourvel please let I go now . valmont no , no , I can not , this be absurd . tourvel let go ! 's : she wrench free and he have to put he arm round she and pinion she to prevent she from leave . by now , she 's sobbing blindly . valmont let 's sit down ... tourvel and you will never be receive at my house again ! she struggle violently and finally go limp . he help she over to a sofa and sit she down . v 123 continue she watch calm . 81 valmont now listen . tourvel I do not want you lie and excuse ! valmont just hear I out , that 's all I ask . valmont , transfix , as he speak with unruffled valmont unfortunately , I can not unlive the year I live before I meet you and during that year , I have a wide acquaintance , the majority of whom be no doubt undesirable in one respect or another . now it may surprise you to know that emilie , in common with many other of she . profession and character , be kind - heart enough to take a interest in that less fortunate than herself . she have , in short , the free time and the inclination to do a great deal of charity work : donation to hospital , soup for the poor , protection for animal , anything which touch she senti - mental heart . from time to time , I make small contribution to she purse . that 's all . * tourvel be that true ? valmont , my relation with emilie have for some year now be quite blameless . she 's even do a little secretarial work for I . since I now know you feeling on the matter , I shall take step to ensure she be never receive here again . tourvel why do she laugh ? valmont I have no idea . | 123 124 82 continue tourvel do she know about I ? valmont no doubt she make what , in view of my past , must be regard as a fair assumption . mme do tourvel seem almost convinced . tourvel I want to believe you . valmont I know you be come up , you be announce . do you seriously imagine , if I would feel the slight guilt about emilie , I would have allow you to see she ? tourvel I - suppose not . valmont no . she look at he , she eye clear and candid . tourvel I be sorry . valmont flinch , a look of real guilt appear . he take she in he arm and she bury she face in he chest , weep softly . valmont no , no , it 's I who must apologise . it be most insensitive of I . int . valmont bedroom day ' mme do tourvel lie in valmont 's arm . he look down at she , profoundly content . valmont I do not think it be possible for I to love you more , but you jealousy ... he break off , genuinely move . mme do tourvel look up at he , speak with the utmost simplicity . tourvel I love you so much . a 124 125 126 ~ = 127 ct a 83 continue valmont draw she up so that she 's lie on top of he ; and kiss she , he expression uncharacteristically tender . valmont when will you start write to I again ? int . bedroom in mme do merteuil' villa day mme do merteuil , en deshabille , sit at the dress - table in she suburban love - nest , read a letter . in the background a sleep form , unstir in the bed . valmont ( v.0 . ) I have the piece of paper you require and hope I may expect to see you very soon . ext . courtyard of mme do volangess house night valmont , wrap up against the blustery wind and wintry rain , encounter the concierge in the courtyard . he hand over a sum of money and the concierge admit he by a side - door . merteuil ( v.0 . ) you will be the very first to hear when I return . in the meantime , I hope you be not neglect you little pupil . int . cecile's bedroom . night valmont lie with cecile in she large four-poster . they speak in whisper . cecile 's but where can danceny . be ? valmont I tell you , I have all my people out look : and no trace of he . the door suddenly burst open . cecile suppress a shriek . valmont , who be nearer the door , get up after a few second and tiptoe towards the gape doorway . no one . he close the door with a sigh of relief and lock it . valmont only the wind . he turn back to discover that cecile have vanish . '' cy 128 129 130 131 84 continue valmont where be you ? there 's a groan from the far side of the bed . hurrying over , valmont discover that cecile have jamme herself in she panic into the tiny space between the bed and the wall . he help she up , smile : but cecile look anguish . valmont nothing to worry about . cecile yes there be . I be bleed . ext . entrance and courtyard of mme do merteuil' house night the same windy and rainy night . merteuil 's carriage turn in at the entrance and come to a stop in the courtyard . the porter emerge from he lodge with a large open umbrella as footmen converge on the carriage . lurk in the archway which lead out to the street be azolan . he move so as to stay out of sight , peer into the courtyard to try to identify the occupant of the carriage . after a while , he react , with a expression of surprise and cynical amusement . int . corridor of mirror in mme do merteuil' house night the house be desert . valmont move stealthily down the mirrore corridor , surround and apparently pursue by he reflection . he stop and hesitates , look from one mirror to another . then he remember and apply pressure to one , open it to reveal the stone spiral staircase . int . spiral staircase night 's valmont close the mirror door behind he . pitch blackness . he begin to ascend quickly and cautiously . int . merteuil' bedroom night candle-light . danceny lie in merteuil 's arm . they have not undress yet . suddenly , the cupboard door open and valmont appear , give danceny a hideous shock . merteuil cover she surprise far more effectively . valmont you porter appear to be under the impression you be still out of town . ©) cy 131 continue 85 merteuil I have in fact only just return . valmont without attract the attention of you porter . I think it may be time to review you domestic arrangement . merteuil I be exhaust . naturally I instruct the porter to inform casual caller that I be out . valmont check a retort and turn instead , smile , to danceny . valmont and you here as well , my dear young friend . the porter would seem to be have a somewhat erratic evening . danceny oh , well , I , erm , yes . valmont as a matter of fact , it 's you I be look for . danceny be it ? valmont Mademoiselle cécile return to Paris after a absence of over two month . what do you suppose be uppermost in she mind ? answer , of course , the long - for reunion _ with she beloved Chevalier . merteuil vicomte , this be no time to make mischief . valmont nothing could be further from my mind , Madame . danceny go on . valmont imagine she distress and alarm when she love one be nowhere to be find . I have have to do more innwavioce than not tentin 2 Lee vy c 131 132 86 continue danceny but how be she ? be she all right ? valmont oh , yes . well , no , to be quite frank . I be sorry to tell you she 's be ill . danceny be horrify . danceny q 11 ! valmont calm yourself , my friend , the surgeon have declare she well on the road to recovery . but you can well imagine how desparate I have be to find you . danceny of course , my God , how could I not have be here at such a time ? how can I ever forgive myself ? his voice trail away , as he become aware of merteuil 's wither glance . valmont but , look , I hate to be the bearer of bad tiding . all be well now with cécile , I assure you . and I shar not disturb you further . he produce a piece of paper from a inside pocket . valmont it 's just that I have something to show the marquise . ' merteuil look up sharply : he 's succeed in catch she interest . int . merteuil' dressing -room night merteuil finish read the letter and hand it back to valmont . merteuil I see she write as badly as she dress . before valmont can respond , she change the subject . iy xq uy 132 continue 87 merteuil be it really true the little one have be ill ? valmont not so much a illness , more a refurbishment . merteuil what do you mean ? valmont " a miscarriage . merteuil oh , vicomte , I be sorry . you son and bastide 's heir . valmont be not there something else we should be discuss ? . merteuil I do hope you be not go to be difficult about danceny . valmont I know belleroche be pretty limp , but I think you could have find a livelier replacement than that mawkish schoolboy . merteuil mawkish or not , he 's completely devote to I . and , I suspect , better equip to provide I with happiness and pleasure than you . in you present mood . valmont I see . he ' lapse into a injure silence . then merteuil smile coquettishly . merteuil if I think you would be you Old charming self , I might invite you to visit I one evening next week . valmont really ? merteuil I still love you , you see , in spite of all you fault and my camnlainee y wy 133 134 88 int . grand staircase night merteuil lead valmont , hold he hand . at the top of the grand staircase , he turn to she . valmont be you sure you be not go to impose some new condition before you agree to honour you obligation ? pause . merteuil consider how best to respond . finally she speak with deadly precision and calm . merteuil I have a friend , who become involved with a entirely un - suitable woman . whenever any of we point this out to he , he invariably make the same feeble reply : it 's beyond my control , he would say . he be on the verge of become a laugh - stock . at which point , another friend of mine , a woman , decide to speak to he seriously . she explain to he that he name be in danger of be ludicrously associate with this phrase for the rest of he life . so do you know what he do ? valmont I feel sure you be about to tell I . merteuil he go round to see he mistress and bluntly announce he be leave she . as you might expect , she protest vociferously . but to everything she say , to every objection she make , he simply ' reply : it 's beyond my control . good night . she flit away along the landing . valmont stand there for quite some time before beginning he descent . he walk down the stair , he heart heavy and he head bow . int . drawing -room in mme do tourvel's house day there 's a fire burn in the grate . mme do tourvel pace anxiously up and down . the door open and the footman show in valmont . she run across to he , unable to conceal she delight and , as the footman leave , she bury herself in he afm . he embrace she , he expression strain and wearv . q vy 89 134 continue tourvel you be only five minute late , but I get so frighten . I become convinced I be never go to see you again . valmont hold she close , he resolution ebbing away . he kiss she lingeringly . ttourvel be it like that for you ? valmont detach himself from she , turn away , and take a few pace , steeling himself . then he turn back to she , he expression icy . valmont yes . at this moment , for example , I be quite convinced I be never go to see you again . tourvel do not understand : but she feel a automatic stab of fear . : tourvel what ? valmont I be so bored , you see . it 's beyond my control . tourvel what do you mean ? valmont after all , it 's be four month . so , what I say . it 's beyond my control . tourvel do you mean ... you do not love I ' any more ? valmont my love have great difficulty out - last you virtue . it 's beyond my control . tourvel it 's that woman , be not it ? valmont you be quite right , I have be deceive you with emilie . among other . it 's beyond my control . with ae ) 90 134 continue tourvel why be you do this ? valmont there 's a woman . not emilie , another woman . a woman I adore . and I be afraid she 's insist I give you up . it 's beyond my control . suddenly mme do tourvel rush at he , fist flail . they grapple silently and grimly for one moment , before she scream at hin . tourvel liar ! valmont you be right , I ama liar . it 's like you fidelity , a fact of life , no more nor less irritate . certainly , it 's beyond my control . tourvel stop it , do not keep say that ! valmont sorry . it 's beyond my control . mme do tourvel scream in anguish and collapse , fall against the ottoman . valmont why do not you take another lover ? she burst into tear , shaking she head and moan incoherently . valmont just as you like . it 's beyond - my control . tourvel do you want to kill I ? valmont stride over to she , take she by the hair and jerk she head up . valmont listen . listen to I . you have give I great pleasure . but I just can not bring myself to regret leave you . it 's the way of the world . quite beyond my control . '' 134 135 136 137 138 139 91 continue he let she go and she collapse full - length , moan and sobbing helplessly . he hurry from the room . she remain where she be , utterly distraught . int . landing and staircase day outside the door valmont have stop . he can hear the SOUND of mme do tourvel 's weep . he close he eye and lean he head back against the door for a moment , he expression torment and queasy . then he set off at a run , leaping down the stair and out of the front door as fast as he can . ext . STREET night the vicomte do valmont 's carriage move through swirl fog . int . carriage night valmont be alone , pale and preoccupy . he tap against the partition and the carriage draw up . ext . entrance to mme do merteuil' house night valmont jump down from the carriage and call up to the coachman . valmont tomorrow morning , early . coachman my lord . he flick he whip and the carriage move off . valmont set off towards the entrance , a black shape cut through the fog . int . grand salon in mme do merteuil' house night the two fire at either end of the great room reflect in the mirrore door and sparkling chandelier . Furniture have be draw up round the fire , form two island of object , leave the centre of the room a bare arena . mme do merteuil , alone in the room , sit at a small escritoir , write . the mirrore door open and valmont appear in the doorway , once again unannounced . merteuil look up : she 's unpleasantly surprised to see he , but overcome she alarp . 92 , 139 continue ce _ merteuil this ts not you appoint evening . valmont no , but I want to ask you : that story you tell I , how do it end ? merteuil I be not sure I know what you mean . . valmont well , once this friend of yours have take the advice of he lady - friend , do she take he back ? merteuil be I to understand ...? valmont the day after we last meeting , I break with Madame de tourvel on the grounds that it be beyond my control . et a slow smile of great satisfaction spread across merteuil 's face . : '' merteuil you do not ! valmont I certainly do . merteuil but how wonderful of you . valmont you keep tell I my reputation be in danger , but I think this may well turn out to be my most famous exploit . ( believe it ' get a new standard . only one thing could possibly bring I great glory . merteuil what 's that ? valmont be to win she back . oa merteuil '' you think you could ? valmont I do not see why not . 139 continue silence . merteuil , on the other hand , have never seem more serene . 93 merteuil I will tell you why not : because when one woman strike at the heart of another , she seldom miss ; and the wound be invari - ably fatal . valmont be that so ? merteuil oh , yes : I be also inclined to see this as one of my great . triumph . valmont there 's nothing a woman enjoy as much as a victory over another woman . merteuil except , you see , vicomte , my victory be not over she . valmont of course it be , what do you mean ? merteuil it be over you . valmont 's eye be suddenly full of fear . merteuil you love that woman , vicomte . what 's more you still do . quite desperately . if you have not be so ashamed of it , how could you have treat she so viciously ? you could not bear even the vague possibility of be laugh at . and this have prove something I have always suspect . that vanity and happiness be incompatible . valmont be very shake . he have to make a effort to be able to resume , he voice rag with strain . valmont the fact remain , it 's now you turn to make a sacrifice . merteuil be that right ? valmont danceny must go . vd 139 continue 94 merteuil where ? valmont I have be more than patient about this little whim of yours , but enough be enough . merteuil one of the reason I never re-marry , despite a quite bewilder range of offer , be the determination never again to be order around . I must therefore ask you to adopt a less marital tone of voice . valmont she 's ill , you know . I have make she ill . for you sake . so the least you can do be get rid of that colourless youth . . merteuil I should have think you would have have enough of * bully woman for the time be . valuont 's face harden . valmont right . I see I shall have to make myself very plain . I have come to spend the night . I shall not take at all kindly to be turn away . merteuil I be sorry . ' I be afraid I have make other arrangement . a grim satisfaction begin to enliven valmont 's feature . . valmont ah . I know there be something . merteuil what ? valmont danceny be not come . not tonight . merteuil what do you mean ? how do you know ? valmont I know because I have arrange for he to spend the night with cécile . cy 95 139 continue silence . valmont smile . valmont now I come to think of it , he do mention he be expect here . but when I put it to he that he really would have to make a choice , I must say he do not hesitate . he 's come to see you tomorrow to explain ; and to offer you , do I have this right , yes , I think I do , he eternal friendship . as you say , he 's completely devote to you . merteuil that 's enough , vicomte . valmont you be absolutely right . shall we go up ? merteuil shall we what ? valmont go up . unless you prefer this , if memory serve , rather purgatorial sofa . merteuil I believe it 's time you be go . valmont no . I do not think so . we make a arrangement .. I really do not think I can allow myself to be take advantage of a moment longer . merteuil . remember I be better at this than ' you be . valmont perhaps . but it 's always the best swimmer who drow . now . yes or no ? up to you , of course . I merely confine myself to remark that a no will be regard as a declaration of war . so . one single word be all that be require . merteuil all right . '' 139 140 141 142 96 continue she look at he evenly for a moment , almost long enough for he to conclude that she have make she answer . but she have not . it follow now , calm and authoritative . merteuil War . ext . bois do vincenne dawn there 's snow on the ground : and the camera pan past bare tree in the grey dawn light . merteuil ( v.o . ) my dear Chevalier danceny , there be something , as I bid you farewell , that I feel I should tell you . the camera come to rest on danceny , who 's in he shirtsleeve , pace impatiently , pull on a leather gauntlet . beside he be aman in black , he second , hold a épee . danceny take it from he , he breath rise on the air . merteuil ( v.0o . ) it be not only that he betrayed you with cécile : it 's the pleasure he take in make you ridiculous . another angle reveal the whole of the clear , the snow fresh , if not very deep ; and valmont , who be calmly make he selection from a case of épée , hold open for he by azolan . he weigh now one and now the other in he hand . eventually he choose one and lay it on the ground , while azolan help he off with he coat and on with a black glove . then he pick up the sword and approach danceny . they take up the en-garde position . at a sign from azolan , the duel begin , fierce and determine , valmont 's skill against danceny 's aggression . for some time , they be evenly match , with valmont clearly a talented swordsman , look the more dangerous . indeed , quite soon , he seem to have danceny at he mercy ; but he turn aside at the crucial moment and mow away , look surprised at himself . int . valmont bedroom day as in scene 124 , valmont draw up mme do tourvel , so that she 's lie on top of he . ext . convent day mme do volange and cecile leave they carriage and move through the snow to the entrance of the convent . sa 143 144 145 146 147 148 97 int . private room in the convent day a nun show volange and cecile into a plain cell , where mme do tourvel lie in a curtain bed , deathly pale . ext . bois do vincenne dawn valmont return to the attack : they cut and parry with immense energy . then valmont skid in the snow and danceny , more by luck than good judgment , succeed in wound he in whichever be not he sword arm . danceny immediately withdraw , accord to the rule . valmont look down at the wisp of blood stain he tear sleeve . int . madame do tourvel be room in the convent day the surgeon 's curve blade cut at the vein on the inside of mme do tourvel 's elbow and dark blood begin to flow into a small siiver bowl . ext . bois do vincenne dawn valmont shake he head as if to clear he mind and resume the en-garde position . the duel continue . this time it 's danceny who look to have the initiative . valmont seem to have lose heart , or even interest ; and at one point when a too-enthusiastic attack by danceny leave he wide open , valmont fail to take advantage of a golden opportunity . this seem to revive valmont 's vigour for a moment and he beat danceny back only to relent at the last minute and turn he back on he . he move back towards the centre of the clear , close he eye briefly . int . drawing -room in mme do tourvel's house evening as in scene 109 , valmont kneel with he face in mme do tourvel 's lap . ext . bois do vincenne dawn valmont turn back to face danceny . now he hardly seem to be try at all , simply parry he thrust . then he counter - attack , but so rashly that he almost seem to run onto danceny 's blade , which enter he just below the heart . there 's a moment of mutual shock , then danceny withdraw he sword and valmont stagger a couple of step before collapse . azolan hurry over to he . valmont I be cold . azolan run to get he coat . danceny turn to he second . y 148 98 continue danceny fetch the surgeon . valmont no , no . danceny do as I say ! the second hurry away as azolan drape valmont 's coat around he . danceny stand alone , uncertain . valmont a moment of you time . danceny reluctantly approach . valmont two thing : a word of advice , which of course you may ignore , but it be honestly intend ; and a request . : danceny go on . valmont the advice be : be careful of the marquise de merteuil . danceny you must permit I to treat with scepticism anything you have to say about she . valmont nevertheless , I must tell you : in this affair , we be both she creature . painfully , he reach into he coat pocket and bring out a bundle of letter . valmont as I believe she letter to I will prove . he hand danceny the letter . after a moment 's think , danceny speak . danceny and the request ? valsiont I want you to get somehow to see Madame de tourvel ... '' 148 149 150 151 99 continue danceny I understand she 's very ill . int . mme do tourvel be room at the convent day mme do volange and cecile sit watch over mme do '' ourvel . valmont ( v.0 . ) that 's why this be most important to I . I want you to tell she I can not explain why I break with she as I do , but that since then my life have be worth nothing . during this , to mme do volange 's horror , mme do tourvel suddenly wrench at the bandage at she elbow , open the wound and cause it to bleed again . ext . convent evening danceny ride ‘up to the forbid wall of the convent and dismount . valmont ( v.o. ) I push the blade in deeper than you just have , my boy , and I want you to help I withdraw it . int . mme do tourvel's room evening danceny lean over mme do tourvel , talk to she , unheard . mme do volange and cecile wait in the background . valmont ( v.0 . ) tell she it 's lucky for she that I have go and I be glad not to have to live without she . tell she she love be the only real ' happiness I have ever know . mme do tourvel raise a hand and danceny stop speak . tourvel enough . she look up at danceny . tourvel draw the curtain . danceny rise and draw the curtain on she bed . wy 152 153 154 100 ext . bois do vincenne dawn close on danceny : tear be roll down he cheek . valmont ( 0.s. ) will you do that for I ? danceny I will . the silence be break by snatch of birdsong . int . mme do tourvel's room evening a nun be lighting candle at the foot of mme do tourvel 's bed . through the curtain , she motionless shape . she 's dead . mme do volange be by the bed . ina corner , danceny murmur to cecile . danceny I have make copy of she letter and send they to everyone I could think of . cecile letter about I ? danceny do not answer . cecile shake she head . cecile we make it very easy for they . danceny I be sorry . you will never see I again . he hurry from the room . the nun draw back the curtain , as cecile approach mme'de volange . cecile I go to see the mother Superior . I ask she to let I come back ' here . for good . volange look at she aghast . cecile turn away from she and watch as the nun cover mme do tourvel 's waxen face . ext . bois do vincenne dawn danceny raise a hand to brush away he tear . azolan look over at he indignantly . azolan it 's all very well do that now . valmont let he be . 154 155 156 157 101 continue we see valmont for the first time in this scene . all around he the snow be red with he blood . he raise a hand towards danceny . valmont he have good cause . it 's something I do not believe anyone have ever be able to say about I . before danceny can take he hand , he slump back . he 's dead . . int . mme do merteuil' dressing -room day close on merteuil 's face as she utter a great cry of anger and frustration . she sweep all she perfume - box off the dress - table . then she smashes everything in the room she can possibly break , ornament , mirror , glass jar . she wince suddenly and look down . she 's cut she finger slightly . the sight of she blood seem to calm she . she look up at the circle of servant , cower around the margin of the room , appal . merteuil get out . all of you . they hurry out in something of a stampede . merteuil stand , desolate in a field cf glitter debris . her head come down again , contort with misery and rage . int . merteuil be BOX at the opera evening it 's before curtain - up and merteuil move to the front of the box to contemplate the house . Three box away a dist inguish - look middle - age couple be do the same thing . merteuil bow to they . to she surprise , they turn away from she , ignore she ostentatiously . she turn to look down at the orchestra , frown ; and become aware that the crowd below be murmure to one another and point up at she . gradually , the hum die and there 's silence in the theatre . everyone in the stall be look up at she . suddenly , there 's a hiss and then , grow quickly in volume and intensity , a torrent of hiss and boo . merteuil absorb it for a moment , then turn on she heel and , move with deliberation and a certain dignity , leave the box . int . mme do merteuil' dressing -room night everything be back exactly as it be , leave no trace of merteuil 's rampage . she , in she négligee , sit at she dress - table , alone , reméve she make -up . as it come 157 158 a ] they ) 102 continue . off , a new merteuil seem for the first time to be reveal , weary , fragile , vulnerable almost . she look at she reflection with the anxiety someone feel in the presence of they only friend : and the image slowly fade to black . caption on black screen and from then on , she soul be write on she face . 23rd April , 198