daredevil , screenplay by Mark Steven Johnson revision by Brian helgeland Mark Steven Johnson 7/3/01 fade in : ext . hell kitchen - night the street be empty save for the garbage that wait for collection . rotten haystacks of molder meat , soile diaper , and sour milk crowd the sidewalk and stoops . a hiss of steam burst from a sewer grate . it rise up like a spirit , skirt the face of a crumble Catholic church as the sound of wind whistle through creaking rafter . a oily rat skitter along a rain gutter matte with dry leave . each noise be exaggerated , amplify into a symphony of sound . drip . drip . drip . drop of blood trickle down a stain glass window ; cut a clear trail across the dusty pane . we trace the blood trail up to a large crucifix at the roof 's peak . drip . drip . drip . drip . the droplet become rivulet as we reveal a silhouette drape over the cross . the silhouette of a devil . a searchlight from a police helicopter cut a path across the rooftop , revealing the devil to be a man in costume . this be daredevil . so forget what you know about superhero . because this be the real world . and in the real world there be no such thing as '' mutant heal 's or '' spider sense '' to keep a man alive . in the real world there 's just a guy in a mask . and he 's bleed to death . int . church sanctuary - night a skylight creak OPEN and the devil slowly hang down into the church before hit the floor with a ugly thud . CUT to : a pair of shoe stop at the sound . camera tilt up to reveal the weathered face of a priest , father everett . he open the door to the sanctuary to discover ... the devil . curle up on the altar ; like a pill bug swallow its pain . ( continued ) continued : the old priest run to the devil 's side and cradle he head before pull back he crimson cowl to reveal ... matt murdock . the searchlight hit Matt 's eye through the skylight . but as we push in we notice he pupil never dilate . they say you whole life flash before you when you die . and it 's true . even for a blind man . match dissolve to : that same eye before they go blind . we pull back to reveal matt at 14 year old . he sport a cut lip and a bloody nose as he stand over a kitchen sink . he splashes he face with cold water and watch as the blood swirl down the drain ... matt dad ? I be home . he step into the live room to find he father pass out - in front of the t.v. jack murdock . he 's a handsome man despite a nose that 's be break too many time to count . t.v. ring announcer and the winner , by unanimous decision ... gene '' the Machine 's conlan ! Matt click the t.v. off and pries a beer bottle from he father 's finger before pull he to he foot . jack +. .™mm ... wha ... who ... who win ? matt conlan . by decision . we track they as Matt ease he father down the hall ... jack I beat ‘em , you know ... matt I know , dad . jack two ... year ago ... it be a ... matt t.k.o . they throw in the towel . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) they pass some old fight bill hang in the hallway . they show Jack pose in a red satin box robe with two small horn sewn into the hood . jack '' the devil " murdock . in the bedroom Matt wrestle he shoe off as Jack notice he cut lip . jack what 's this ? matt nothin’ . jack I tell you I do not want you fight . matt I do not fight . I get beat up . there 's a difference . jack Matt ... matt I try to walk away . like you say . but they keep give I shit . jack do not curse . what kinda shit ? matt ( hesitant ) they say you work for fallon . they say you be one of he guy now . a long beat as Jack look to he son 's plead eye . jack think I no be bustin’ my hump down at the- dock if I be work for fallon ? Matt smile , relieved . jack ( cont 'd ) you just keep hit the book , you hear ? be a doctor or a lawyer . not like I . matt sure , dad . jack promise I . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) matt I promise . Jack pat Matt 's cheek . jack she woulda be proud , matty ... and with that he fall back asleep . Matt sigh and step over to the window , gaze out to the rooftop that stretch forever . as camera close on the full moon we match dissolve to : a biohazard warning in a circular design , filling frame , before a forklift carry a pallet of drum turn to reveal that we be on : ext . waterfront loading dock - day Matt quickly weave through the busy dock with a card in he hand , search for he father when : voice hey ! kid ! Matt spin around to face the supervisor . supervisor you try to get yourself kill ? matt I be look for my dad . Jack murdock . supervisor murdock ? he be not work here for over six month . now beat it . he turn , crestfallen , and toss the card into a mud puddle . we push in to reveal it 's he report card . straight a 's 's cur to : ext . STREET / dock - day Matt trudge back for home when : voice please ... please ... he step around the corner to find a meat packer in a bloody apron , shove up against a wall by a thug in a ski mask . ( continued ) continued : meat packer you gotta tell fallon I need more time ! thug you be all out of time . Matt freeze at the voice . matt dad ? the thug stop and turn to face we . a long beat before he slowly slip he ski mask off to reveal ... jack murdock . Matt shake he head as tear come to he eye . and then he turn and run off down the alley . jack matt ! on matt running out toward the load dock , blind by tear , he father chase behind he . brake screech as ... a truck swerve to avoid he . load with the same barrel see earlier . at the same time ... a forklift swerve as well , its fork up high . they tear through the barrel as ... Matt look up . whitish fluid fly into camera as we ... smash CUT to : blackness . we hear the sound of church bell ringing . and as the sound grow a ghostly shadow world begin to take shape . a world where sound be not just hear -- but see . a bus roar past we as the shadow collapse and distort into a monstrous phantasm of visible vibration . a horn honk , . a cell phone ring . a baby cry . with each noise we shadow world spill and pool , like liquid mercury . ccut to : ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) jack as he step into the hospital room , he eye red and tired . he stop when he see a empty bed . jack ( cont 'd ) Matt ? matt ( 0.s . ) he turn to find Matt before the open window with he eye bandage . he hold up he hand for silence . then : matt ( cont would ) do you hear it ? jack what ? Matt turn to he . matt everything . Jack shake he head , try to find some way to tell he . jack I talk to the doctor . he say -- matt I be blind . I know . jack but how -- matt I could hear you talk in he office . Jack look back to where he be . impossible . matt ( cont ’d ) something 's happen to I . I do not know what it be , but I be not afraid . Jack bow he head as the guilt wash over he . jack I be sorry . I be so sorry ... he break down as Matt hold he in he arm . the blind boy comforting the big fighter as we ... ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) dissolve to : ext . hudson river - day music up : higher by creed . dappled ray of sunlight break through the gray cloud cover over the Hudson . it 's a new day . cuT to : ext . roof - day Jack have turn the roof into a makeshift gymnasium . he take a few tentative swing at a old heavy bag while Matt sit on a weight bench with a braille text on he lap . the agonizing process of learn to read all over again . Jack sigh -- it 's be too long . he turn from the bag just as Matt slam the book shut . they face each other . a beat . then Matt pick up the book . and Jack go back to the bag . two fighter on the comeback trail . CuT to : ext . STREET - day Matt be use he cane in a ' three - point tap and drag . 's he step into the intersection just as the light turn red . a taxi honk as Matt fall back over the curb cursing . CUT to : int . boxing ring - night where we see Jack take a beat against the rope in he first box match in year . it 's a long road back . " cur to : ext . roof - day Matt be back at he braille book . a breeze pick up and the speed bag begin squeaking on its chain . the sound be like break glass in he brain . until Matt focus all of he anger and throw he book at the bag across the roof . and nail it . he walk over to the bag . and for the first time he do not fight the sound that surround he -- but let they in . ( continued ) continued : matte Pov as the squeaking slowly burn a silhouette through the darkness until-- wham ! Matt smile and hit the bag again . and again . his hyperacute sense work the bag until it become just a streak of brown leather ! CUT to : int . boxing ring - night as Jack valiantly fight he way out of the corner , back he opponent up with a flurry of he own . CUT to : ext . STREET corner - day Matt be back at the crosswalk . a old man step off the curb and Matt whip out he cane to stop he -- just as a bus almost flatten he . the Old man double - take at the blind boy who smile and continue on he way . cut to : ext . CITY - night Matt stand in silhouette against the star . he slowly reach out feel the air around he . and as we pull back we reveal that we nre on the edge of the roof ... Matt do a cartwheel and the camera roll with he , take we on a dizzying , vertiginous ride as Matt go faster and faster before flipping onto two HEATING pipe . he swing over they like a gymnast on parallel bar before dismount atop a brick smokestack . Matt smile into the night as we hear the sound of a crowd cheering he on . CUT to : ext . civic CENTER - night a sign flash out front in bright neon light : '' live ! tonight ! jack ' the devil 's murdock vs. jimmy palmiotti ! '' CuT to : int . locker room - same Jack be warming up . suddenly the door open to reveal a older man dress in a expensive suit . fallon . ( continued ) continued : fallon Jack , it 's be a while ... jack I do not work for you no more , fallon . fallon chuckle . fallon Jack , you never stop . do you really think you win that fight on you own ? Wood , mack , chichester -- they be all my fighter . just like you . Jack look down as he realize the truth . fallon ( cont 'd ) now it 's you turn to take a fall . jack what if I say '' no ? '' fallon you know the answer to that . you use to handle that job yourself . fallon pat he on the shoulder . fallon ( cont ’d ) think about you boy , Jack . I be sure you will do the right thing . he step out as we stay on Jack 's devastate reaction . smash CUT to : the fight . palmiotti be easily fifteen year young and light year faster . he hit Jack with a upper- cut that drop he to the canvas . Jack look out to see fallon in the audience . matt ( 0.s. ) c'mon , dad ! get up ! and then he see he son as well . he struggle to he foot . palmiotti come to finish he off . but in he haste he be not watch for Jack 's leave hook . and it 's a beauty . palmiotti be rock as the crowd roar . Jack throw a brutal series of combination until -- palmiotti hit the canvas ! ring announcer and the winner ... battlin 's Jack murdock ! ( continued ) 10 . continued : Jack smile to he beam son . but then he look to where fallon and he man be sit . they be already go . dissolve to : ext . alley - night as Jack step out of the back door to see a black stretch limousine wait . he do not bother try to.run . instead he just bow he head . and wait . jack go on . get it over with . ext . civic CENTER - night Matt wait out front for he father when he hyperacute hearing pick up the sound of violence . we hear the excite heartbeat of fallon 's man as they punch and kick and laugh . the crack of bone give way to the pulpy sound of spit and blood . follow by the raspy moan of he father 's voice . matt dad ...? the sound be suddenly overwhelm by one thunderous bass heartbeat . then the death blow . and the moaning stop . matt ( cont 'd ) dad ! ccut to : Jack 's lifeless body lie in the alley . a single red rise be drop onto he bloody chest . cuT to : Matt run down the alley as fallon 's limousine speed past he . Matt find he father 's body and hold he in he arm . he feel for he face . but it 's a stranger 's face now . matt ( cont would ) I can not -- I can not see you ... Matt sob as he try to '' see '' he father one more time . but even that have be take from he . matt ( cont would ) I can not see you , dad ... ( continued ) 11 . continued : we crane up from the tragic scene until we stop on the Catholic church from we open scene . the stain glass face of mary smile back at we in the moonlight . matt ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) lady and gentleman of the jury , we have come here today to seek the truth . we have come here today to seek justice . match dissolve to : int . courthouse - present day cu lady justice the statue be blindfolded , with the scale of justice in one hand and a sword in the other . we pull back to reveal the face of attorney matt murdock address a courtroom . matt lenny Bruce once say that in the hall of justice , the only justice be out in the hall . but today you can change all that . because today you be justice . a petite but tough - look girl be sit beside Matt 's partner , franklin '' foggy '' nelson . matt ( cont 'd ) the criminal case against quesada and Smith be dismiss due to the arrest officer 's failure to read the defendant they miranda rights . this civil suit be the victim 's only recourse . ( beat ) but Angela sutton do not seek damage . she seek the truth . she seek justice . and the chance to get on with she life . quesada on the witness stand . he wear one of that moustach that you only find on porn star or dentist . matt Mr. quesada , would you please tell the jury the sequence of event lead up to the night of June 30th ? quesada sigh , bored with this . ( continued ) 12 . continued : quesada I and smitty - - we be the last to leave josie 's bar that night . we slowly close on quesada as he continue . as he do we hear what Matt hear -- the sound of he heartbeat escalating . quesada ( cont 'd ) Angie be close up and ask if we want to stay and party after . we push closer until we be right up against quesada 's chest . and then we push right through to see he heart beat . quesada ( cont ’d ) ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) a few drink and she be good to go . Said she want to take we both on . the heartbeat skip . we suddenly pull out of he chest and whip across the room to Matt 's reaction . busted . matt Mr. quesada , you do understand that perjury be a federal offense ? quesada hey , I know what happen . matt I be sure that you do . foggy tap a stack of photo onto the table . Matt trace the sound and effortlessly scoops they up on he way to the jury . matt ( cont 'd ) ( pass they out ) this be photograph of the victim take at mercy Hospital that night . ( back to quesada ) . I wonder , Mr. quesada , do she ask you for the cut and bruise as well ? quesada smile , lecherous . quesada trust I . she love every minute of it . the girl softly start to cry as foggy awkwardly pat she shoulder . Matt have to restrain himself from throttling the creep right here on the spot . ( continued ) 13 . continued : ( 2 ) matt no further question , you honor . smash CUT to : ext . courthouse - early evening as Matt and foggy step outside , anger and disappointment etched on they face . foggy look , we know it be a risk go in -- matt why ? because she 's from the Kitchen and not the Upper East side ? foggy because she have a drug problem . jury do not like they victim to be flaw . they judge she past and not she case . matt how be she suppose to sleep at night know that they nre out there ? they stop and look out to the city together . foggy ( sigh ) you wanna get drunk ? matt yeah . but not tonight . we close on the darkness in Matt 's eye . matt ( cont ’d ) I have get work to do . smash CUT to : ext . rooftop - night music up : evel knievel by ceasefire versus . the deadly avenger on matt he pull he hood down over he head as we SNAP zoom 360 degree to reveal daredevil in full costume . the body suit be deep crimson -- nearly black -- and reveal every sinewy muscle of he taut frame . the boot be high- impact for optimal speed . the glove wire - mesh for optimal damage . ( continued ) 14 . continued : cu cane Matt hit a hide stud and the curve end of its handle straighten . he snap the cane apart into two section . this be daredevil 's 's billy club . the symbol of he handicap transformed into a weapon of he ability . on daredevil leaping from rooftop to rooftop ; he sense guide he along the way . he suddenly swan dive off of a ledge and plummet ten stories to the street below . he smile as he fall . the accident take he sight . but it take he fear as well . he shoot a 50 - foot nylon cord from he billy club , catch the railing of a fire escape , and swing up onto the roof of josie' bar . a murky shit -hole down near the shipyard . CUT to : int . josie 's bar - night music up : waiting to die by Planet Earth dozen of bad ass cover in tribal tattoo and multiple piercing drift in and out of a haze of cigarette smoke . everyone be either drunk , wire on meth , or both . cu tequila shot as its raise in a toast by quesada . quesada to the justice system ! Smith laugh as they throw back they shot . quesada ( cont ’d ) line ‘em up , josie ! I be ready to par-ty ! josie , the no -nonsense owner , glare at they both . josie you get a lotta nerve come in here after what you do . smith hey , it 's a free country , baby . quesada we nre proof of that . ( continued ) 15 . continued : quesada and Smith laugh . suddenly , we hear a roar as two biker ride they harley davidson right into the bar . josie hey hey ! bike outside ! they push they front tire up against the wall . josie ( cont would ) no burn-out , you asshole ! a biker chick lift she shirt and they gun there engine in response , spin they back tire in a burn - out contest . black smoke fill the bar as they burn rubber , they engine whining louder and louder as everyone cheer . josie ( cont have ) ( sigh ) I shoulda open a fuckin’ Starbucks ... suddenly , the death -metal music be cut . EIGHT by junkie x L begin as everyone turn to look . the only thing visible through the thick black smoke be a pool table light , swinging back and forth . and then ... the shadow of a devil appear through the smoke . it slowly begins to grow across the length of the bar . smith Holy shit . it 's he . he ' 's real . quesada ( feel no pain ) yeah . somebody 's fuck , man ... quesada downs another tequila shot before notice that the shadow have stop over he . two red eye flicker back through the smoke , like a demon straight from hell . quesada ( cont 'd ) what -- what do you want ? daredevil I want to hear you say it . quesada say what ? daredevil that you be guilty . ( continued ) 16 . continued : ( 2 ) quesada look at the guy in the bar . he feel the weight of the steel strapped to he side . he smile . Big . quesada okay . so I be guilty ... quesada draw twin .45 's and aim they straight at the devil . we track the mob as they follow suit , whipping out a virtual arsenal of weaponry before the shadow of the vigilante . quesada ( cont ’d ) what be you gonna do about it ? we close on daredevil as he smile back . daredevil raise hell . and with that he leap into the mob ! daredevil attack in a hybrid fight style of martial art mix with street fight . the brutal kick , punch , and elbow come hard , fast and violent . blood spurt . Bones crack . teeth fly . this be not you friendly Neighborhood spider - man . new angle as the light over the billiard table swing back and forth in the melee . Combined with the smoke from the motorcycle burn-out it create a strobe light effect that confuse everyone in the bar . everyone except for daredevil . we watch as he let he extraordinary sense take over ... cliiiick ! ' daredevil turn as we whip pan across the room and push right down the barrel of a casull .454 ! we see the enormous bullet slide into its chamber before we whip back to daredevil who throw he billy club in response . we track the billy club back like a scud missile as it sail just wide of the gunman - - gunman hah ! -- before ricocheting off the wall and drilling he in the back of the head ! it snap back into daredevils hand as -- cha -chunk ! a steel magazine be slam into place . daredevil shoot he billy club up over a beam and use it to run the wall as the bullet fly . and there be hundred of they . ( continued ) 17 . continued : ( 3 ) daredevil' Pov where we see the bullet represent as stream of SOUND . they zip above he , below he , and through he leg as he contert he body while run across the wall ! the bullet chase he over to the other side of the room , dropping several biker and skinhead by mistake . quesada & smith make a break for it . they dive right through the plate glass window with a craaash ! smash CUT to : ext . josie ‘s bar - same breathless , quesada and Smith stop at the corner . in the colorless alley we notice a red dd have be spray-paint on the wall . the local gang have tag this as a warning : you be enter the Devil 's Neighborhood . quesada no way he 's get outta there ... behind quesada , a red nylon loop slip down around Smith 's neck and draw tight as Smith struggle silently . quesada ( cont ’d ) ( oblivious ) they will ventilate he ass . right , smitty ? Smith be lift half out of frame -- he fat leg stop kick . quesada ( cont ’d ) smitty ? he turn to see Smith hang lifeless from the fire escape . quesada scream as he turn and run down the alley . angle above - daredevil' Pov follow quesada 's footstep from on high . and then they disappear down into the cacophony of the subway station . CUT to : int . subway - same as quesada trip and fall down the stair . he struggle to he foot and look back to see ... ( continued ) 18 . continued : the devil be coming . quesada fire back wildly until the barrel click empty . quesada get away ! get away from I ! daredevil step from the shadow . no longer with the face of a hero . but with the face of a madman . daredevil you rape a girl . in Hell 's Kitchen . that 's my neighborhood . quesada I ’'11 give you whatever you want ! just say it ! what do you want ? daredevil loom . daredevil justice . quesada start to scream . but then --vroom !--a subway train roar past they on the other side of the track . daredevil 's Pov as he hyperacute sense be overwhelmed ; the sensory image of he brain shatter like a million shard of glass . subway platform daredevil stumble , momentarily helpless . quesada reach into he boot and pull out a .38 . he point the snub-nose barrel right up against daredevil 's forehead and laugh . quesada back to hell , diablo . but as the hammer cock the sound take we back into -- daredevil 's Pov as he radar return . suddenly , we hear the crack of quesada 's leg as daredevil lash out with he billy club . quesada ( cont 'd ) aaahhh ! quesada fall back down onto the track , he leg bent at a ugly right angle . he look up to see daredevil bath in white , then turn to see the light come around the corner . ( continued ) 19 . continued : ( 2 ) daredevil that tunnel of light -- it 's not heaven . quesada 's scream be cut short beneath the subway train . voice hey you ! daredevil turn as two transit cop run toward he , draw they gun as the subway rumble past . transit cop hand up ! daredevil raise he hand still hold the billy club . it hook the end railing of the train as the cop stop in amazement to watch the figure go flying down the tunnel . smash CUT to : crime scene tape cordon off the subway track . a cigarette butt roll into frame before a man duck under the yellow tape . BEN urich . he wear a old jet windbreaker over jeans and sneaker . cop hey ! you can not go past there ! urich flash press credential before the cop wave he in . a squatty detective manolis grimace as urich approach . det . manolis the big story 's at josie 's tonight . urich so what be you do here , Nick ? manolis glare as urich light up another unfiltered camel . det . manolis you nre waste you time , urich . there 's nothing to see here . urich glance over in time to see quesada 's face be cover with a white sheet . urich Jose quesada ... as they carry he past we see it 's only he torso . a second stretcher follow with the lower half of he body . ( continued ) 20 . continued : urich ( cont 'd ) ..- and the rest of Jose quesada . that 's a whole lot of nothing , Nick . : manolis scowl as we ext , matt 's apartment - night a wear brownstone in Hell 's Kitchen . we see the silent shadow of a devil slip through a rooftop skylight . cuT to : int . matte apartment - night Matt strip off he costume to reveal the scar that cross he body , like some kind of flesh - tone , patchwork quilt . badge of honor from the street war of the past . new angle the apartment be as spare as a monastery . one couch . one chair . no coffee table or lamp to bump into . no painting or photograph to admire . just one large bas relief on the wall ; a tangle of angel and devil . tactile art . in the kitchen where we see Matt 's answer machine blink . he press one of the braille button before turn to the sink . beep ! woman' voice Matt , it 's Heather . on matt wince at the cut on he cheek . or maybe she voice . woman' voice ( cont 'd ) be you there ? ( sigh ) of course you be not there . you be never there . at least not for I . Matt lean over the sink as blood drip from he cheek . he turn on the sink and drown he head under the water . woman' voice ( cont ‘d ) I do not want to do this over the phone . but it 's not like you give I a choice . ( continued ) 21 . continued : as blood swirl down the drain we realize this be the same ritual he have as a boy . the bleed just get heavier . woman 's voice ( cont ’d ) I mean - - it ' 's be three month now and I have never even see you apartment . Matt open a cabinet to reveal bottle of disinfectant , band - aid , gauze , and peroxide - - the real world result of put you body on the line night after night . he dab peroxide onto he cut cheek before swabbing it in orange betadine . woman 's voice ( cont ’d ) every time we sleep together I wake up in the morning alone . he open another cabinet to reveal a pharmacy of painkiller . woman 's voice ( cont ’d ) I mean , Jesus , where do you go at three o'clock in the morning ? Matt push aside the tylenol , then the demerol , before grab the vicodin . woman 's voice ( cont ' D ) I think that if I be patient enough you would let I in . that we would take we relationship to the next level . he pop two vicodin and chew they into a sour white powder . woman 's voice ( cont ’d ) then I realize ... this be the next level . Matt slide open a third drawer to reveal a white bag full of epsom salt . he scoops up a handful and step into ... the live room . he stop before what appear to be a coffin . but then he open the lid to reveal it 's a floatation tank . he drop the epsom salt into the tank and strip off he costume . woman 's voice ( cont ’d ) good-bye , Matt . I hope you find whatever it be you nre look for . click . Matt slide into the warm water and close he eye . ( continued ) 22 . continued : ( 2 ) matt ' bye , Heather . a brief moment of silence . but then we hear the gradual rise of voice from he neighborhood : voice # 1 we have get a caucasian , female , with a gunshot wound to the chest -- voice # 2 suspect be in custody . cordoza , Vincent . en route to precinct six -- voice # 3 e.m.t. 's on the scene , request police escort to mercy Hospital -- voice # 1 cancel that escort . victim have expire . repeat , victim have -- Matt close the door of the tank . and only now , with he sensitive skin relieved of touch , he hyperacute hearing deaden to sound , can he finally find peace , — fade out . fade in : int . tao - day a giant gold buddha dominate the super chic restaurant . fisk ( 0.s. ) I be so glad we have find this time to sit down together , Mr. urich . we pull back from the buddha to reveal a massive man sit across the table from the reporter . wilson fisk . six~foot-seven and 450 pound . he look more like buddah than buddah do . but what some may mistake for obesity be actually grotesquely over - develop muscle . at fisk 's side ( always at he side ) sit he diminutive assistant , wesley , while two bodyguard stand watch at the door . urich watch as fisk 's huge hand gracefully work a '' pair of chopstick over a giant plate of sushi . — , ( continued ) 23 . continued : urich . I have be try to get a interview for over a year , Mr. fisk . why now ? fisk I be well aware of the value of publicity . even from a paper such as yours . urich or maybe one of you company be go public - - say you spice business -- and you want some spin before it do ? fisk smile . he ' 's good . . fisk of course , I can not confirm that or I would be violate federal trade law . urich of course . it 's a long way from the old neighborhood . be not it , Mr. fisk ? fisk you can take the boy out of the bronx , but you can never take the bronx out of the boy . my net worth may now be north of ten billion dollar , but I still believe that a little dirt on a man 's hand be a sign of success . urich let 's talk about the dirt . fisk chuckle . urich ( cont 'd ) have you ever hear of the kingpin ? fisk 's smile fade slightly . fisk of course . my father use to tell I storey about the kingpin when I be a child . how one man rule all of the crime in New York City . preposterous . wesley nod , echoing he word : '' preposterous . '' urich maybe . or maybe not . ( continued ) 24 . continued : ( 2 ) fisk of course , you be the one who write about the Devil of Hell 's Kitchen . what be it that you call he again ? urich ' daredevil . ' fisk ' daredevil . 's I wonder why the New York Times have not pick up on it yet ? urich maybe they do not like be scoop . fisk yes , I be sure that 's it . fisk smile condescendingly as urich return to he note . urich - I understand that you nve be buy up the harbor through several different hold company . fisk you obviously have I mistaken for nikolas natchios , the shipping tycoon . ( grin ) now there 's a powerful man . urich I have a source that say natchios be only a soldier for the kingpin . fisk you very own ' deep Throat . 's how exciting for you , Mr. urich . you ' will have to let I know how it end up . urich I will . fisk extend a bowl of fish . fisk now try the kimchi , it 's to die for . wesley mouth the word : '' to-die -for . '' 25 . ext . restaurant - day fisk step into he stretch limousine with wesley and the two bodyguard in tow . urich light up another camel as he watch they drive off , shroud behind tinted window . cuT to : int . limousine - same where the two massive bodyguard sit face fisk and wesley in the back of the limousine . fisk someone 's be talk . wesley that 's impossible . the only one who know anything be natchios and we . fisk this source of urich 's would have to be either very foolish or very weak . and natchios be neither . fisk run he finger over the heavy crystal end of he cane . fisk ( cont 'd ) you know , wesley , in ancient time you would cut you bodyguard 's tongue off he first day on the job ... ' fisk suddenly brain bodyguard # 1 with he cane ! blood splatter across the tinted window as wesley scream . bodyguard # 2 react . but not quick enough . fisk clutch he windpipe with one massive paw and snap he neck in two . and then it 's over . two man dead . in a matter of second . fisk ( cont 'd ) handkerchief . wesley hand a handkerchief to fisk who calmly wipe off the crystal set on he cane . fisk ( cont ’d ) now , when do we friend natchios get back into town ? wesley can not take he eye off of the corpse . ( continued ) 26 . continued : wesley tomorrow . noon. fisk glance at he reflection in the window . fisk if the press want a kingpin , I will give they a kingpin . on a silver platter . he light a Cuban cigar . fisk ( cont ’d ) get I bullseye . smash CUT to : ext . race track - present day music up : meet the creeper by Rob Zombie as the racehorse be release from they start gate . track announcer ( v.0o . ) ... and gimme some sugar jump into the lead ... it 's gimme some sugar follow by King kirby and excelsior ... amongst the cacophony of noise we single out a man sit close to the track . he wear a long , blue leather coat and he head be shorn clean like a bullet . camera slowly swing around he to reveal the tattoo on the back of he head . a bull ’s-eye . track announcer ( cont 'd ) it 's gimme some sugar and excelsior ... gimme some sugar and excelsior round the corner with King kirby in third ... voice bang ! bang ! bullseye turn to see a little boy sit beside he . he wear a cowboy hat and shoot at the horse with a cap gun . little boy my dad let I bet five dollar ! I pick the black one with the spot on he nose ! bullseye you do not say ? ( continued ) 27 . continued : track announcer ( v.o. ) it 's gimme some sugar pull ahead ... gimme some sugar and excelsior ... a waitress step over with a glass of wine . and as she set it down bullseye reach over and '' accidentally '' knock it off the table . the wine glass shatter as red cabernet bleed across the white cement floor . waitress oh dear . i'11 be right back to clean that up for you ... and as she turn to leave bullseye hold up the stem of the broken wine glass ; it 's jag end be as sharp as a knife . he look over to the Boy and hold he finger to he lip . bullseye track announcer ( v.o. ) its gimme some sugar by a length ! gimme some sugar head for the stretch ! bullseye suddenly spin and whip the glass stem out into the track pierce the neck of the lead jockey ! the jockey fall to the track where he 's trampled by the other horse ! track announcer ( cont 'd ) oh my ! gimme some sugar 's jockey be down ! a jockey be down ! and now it 's excelsior at the finish ! paramedics rush to the rider as excelsior cross the finish line . it 's the black one with the spot on he nose . track announcer ( cont 'd ) it 's excelsior follow by King kirby in second and save Grace in third ! bullseye smile back at the Little Boy . bullseye look like you lucky day . he wink and '' shoot '' back at the Little Boy with he finger as he pager go off . he check the message before turn and disappear into the crowd . ccut to : 28 . int . coffee shop - morning close - up newspaper a photo of josie 's with the headline : barroom blitz -krieg ! below that , in much smaller letter , with the photo of a girl name lisa taazio . new angle as we reveal foggy and Matt sit with they morning coffee . foggy read Matt the story : foggy ‘... police be still investigate .' ( look up ) I bet they be . check this out . ( read ) ' witnesses say quesada and Smith be single out by the demonic vigilante know as daredevil . 's matt here we go again ... foggy wait , it get better . ( read ) ' a policeman on the scene report that the suspect fly 's -- get that ?--‘ fly down the subway tunnel to make he escape . ' matt it 's the Post , foggy . that 's one step up from the National Enquirer . foggy there must be something to this storey . we have be hearing they for year . matt yeah , like the alligator that live in the sewer . foggy that 's true about the alligator . I be serious . I get a friend in sanitation . foggy smile at a artist 's rendering of daredevil . it look like something out of h.r. geiger . ( continued ) 29 . continued : foggy ( cont would ) I do not know what scare I more -- that the Devil have come to New York or that some nut job be dress up ina Halloween costume to fight crime . ( chuckle ) I have hate to see that guy 's therapy bill . matt ( smile fade ) yeah ... foggy speak of bill , we get we first payment from Mr. Lee this morning . Matt know what 's come and try to change the subject . matt great . could you pass the sugar ? foggy unscrew the lid on the salt shaker and slide it over . foggy actually , it 's not great . he pay we in fluke . that 's a fish , Matt . do you know that ? because I sure do not . matt he go fishing on weekend . foggy and I go salsa dance . but you do not see I offer to dance for my bill . matt and a grateful city thanks you . Matt pour the salt into he coffee . foggy we can not keep take this pro bono case . we need better client . foggy squirt ketchup into the creamer . matt define '' better . '' foggy guilty rich people . cream ? ( continued ) 30 . continued : ( 2 ) matt ntake it ) remember what we talk about in college ? how we want to make a difference ? foggy I remember . I just think that we would have sell out by now . Matt pour the ketchup / creamer into he salted coffee . but before he drink it he suddenly turn and sniff the air . matt mmmm ... foggy 's see this before . foggy where - where -where ? matt behind you . foggy look over he shoulder to see ... elektra natchios . a exotic beauty with a wild mane of black hair . her body be equal part muscle and sensuality . and although she 's dress casually ( low - sling hip -hugger , baby doll t-shirt , belly ring ) she still have the aura of privilege about she . matt ( cont 'd ) tell I . foggy you want the truth ? matt and nothing but . foggy she 's hideous . Matt grin . he know foggy 's lie , of course . foggy pick up a spoon and use it to check he reflection . and as he do Matt deftly swi i . foggy ( cont would ) as you attorney in this matter I must advise against any further action . foggy put the spoon down to see -- Matt 's already go . ( continued ) 31 . continued : ( 3 ) on matt use he cane like a normal blind man as he step across the cafe . he ‘accidentally 's bump into elektra 's table . matt Excuse I . elektra never look up from she Village Voice . elektra sure . matt seem every time I get the lay of the land here they rearrange the furniture . elektra matt I be look for some sugar . elektra right in front of you . matt could you be more specific ? elektra what be you --? and then she look up and freeze . matt ( helpfully ) ' blind ? 's elektra oh ! oh , I '' so sorry I ...here ... she hold up the sugar and place it in he hand . and as she do Matt touch she hand and smile . matt funny . I can not tell where the sugar end and you begin . a long beat as elektra look he over . elektra do that line actually work for you ? ( continued ) 32 . continued : ( 4 ) foggy chuckle before sip he coffee -- and blowing it across the table ! Matt bite he lip to keep from laugh . elektra ( cont ’d ) ( glance over ) friend of yours ? matt never see he before . she finally laugh . matt ( cont 'd ) ( offer he hand ) Matt murdock . ( take it ) Nice to meet you , Matt murdock . and then she get up and start for the door . matt wait . I do not get you name . she glance back . elektra that 's because I do not give it . she walk out of the coffee shop as foggy hoot : foggy do - nied ! Matt smile ruefully . and then he grab he cane . foggy ( cont 'd ) hey ... where you go ? matt to file a appeal . foggy we have to be at the courthouse at twelve o'clock . I be not go to wait for you . matt I ' 1l be there . foggy twelve o'clock ! ( continued ) 33 . continued : ( 5 ) he walk out the door as foggy shake he head . foggy ( cont 'd ) poor guy do not have a clue ... and then he absent- mindedly sip he coffee -- and blows it across the table for the second time as we CuT to : ext . central park - day as Matt track elektra 's scent through the park . he walk past a large oak tree as a breeze rustle through the leave , momentarily scatter the trail when : elektra ( 0.s. ) what do you want ? new angle as Matt whirl around to reveal elektra with she arm cross . she look piss . matt I just want to know you name . elektra I do not like be follow . so do not . she turn to leave . Matt reach for she arm . bad idea . matt hey wait -- she expertly snatch he wrist in a kenpo lock . elertra and I do not like be touch . matt why do not you tell I what you do like and we will start from there ? Matt suddenly collapse she hold and reverse they hand into a classic wuxia guard . elektra react , surprised . elektra how do you do that ? matt ancient chinese secret . ( continued ) 34 . continued : she offer a little smile and deflect he guard before lash out with a iron claw . Matt cross -block it . matt ( cont 'd ) that 's a shao-lin technique . elektra so be this . she back he up with a succession of strike and lunge . her style be graceful and deadly ; ballet meet kung fu. matt ( sense ) you be hold back ... elektra yes . matt do not . she up the attack . they circle each other as a homeless man stop to watch this bizarre show . elektra what be you ? a sensei ? matt nope . a lawyer . homeless man kick he ass ! elektra laugh and double - up she attack . the fight be ' grow more intense -- but also more playful . sexual even . they sense each other 's every move -- like fight a mirror . matt all this just to get you name ? elektra try ask for my number . she drive Matt back until he push off a park bench and wrap she arm . he ' 's get she beat . and she know it . elektra ( cont 'd ) I never fall for the same move twice . matt I ' 11 remember that . ( continued ) 35 . continued : ( 2 ) he release she . elektra finally offer she hand . elektra elektra natchios . Matt take it . in a split-second she flip he to the ground and hold a two - finger strike to he windpipe . a beat . matt so can I call you ? she smile . and then she start to laugh as we CuT to : Matt and elektra walk through the park together . matt ( cont 'd ) who do you train with ? elektra it be always change . my father have I study with a different sensei every year since I be five year old . matt sound like he want to turn you into some kind of warrior . elektra no. just not a victim . ( change the subject ) what about you ? how do a blind man learn to fight like that ? matt ( a la '' karate kid '' ) '' Wax on ... wax off ... '' she laugh and punch he in the arm as Matt wince . damn she 's strong . we hear a car horn honking as she turn to see a black limousine pull up along the road . she sigh . elektra he always find I . matt who ? elektra stavros . I think I lose he at the cafe . but I swear he 's part bloodhound . ( continued ) 36 . continued : ( 3 ) a big greek step out of the limousine . stavros ( point to he watch ) pame , elektra . elektra ( mutter ) malakas . matt Little help for the blind guy ? elektra laugh . elektra stavros be my bodyguard . matt you need a bodyguard ? elektra my father can be a little over - protective at time . ~ matt ( realize ) natchios as in nikolas natchios ? elektra that 's dad . the horn honk again . elertra ( cont ’d ) I really do have to go . matt how will I find you if you will not give I you number ? elektra you will not . she lean over and kiss Matt 's cheek . elektra ( cont ' D ) I all find you . she walk off as we close on Matt 's smile . but then he -_ reach for he wristwatch and flip up the glass lid . he feel the braille face and wince . ( continued ) 37 . continued : ( 4 ) shit. smash CUT to : int . courthouse - day as we track Matt and foggy down the hallway together ... . foggy ' do not be late . 's that be my last word ... matt I be sorry . foggy I tell you I would not wait . matt but you do wait . foggy wha -- that 's not the point . matt I say I be sorry . what do you want ? foggy detail . you owe I that . matt her name be elektra natchios . foggy sound like a mexican appetizer . matt it 's Greek , brainiac . her father 's nikolas natchios , the shipping heir . foggy and I be Ted Kennedy 's love child . matt that explain a lot , actually . foggy you : know , you be pretty funny for a blind guy ... int . holding room - day 38 . where vincent cordoza be handcuff to a ringlet on the wall . tattoos on he neck , he knuckle , a jail yard stare . he look up as the door open and Matt and foggy step inside . cordoza the hell be you ? matt we be you lawyer . if you be innocent . ( beat ) so be you ? innocent ? we slowly close on cordoza as Matt listen in ... cordoza Hell ya ... we push through he chest to reveal he heart beat . unlike with quesada , he heart be rock steady . cordoza ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) Hell ya ... we pull out and whip pan to Matt 's reaction . matt I believe you . cordoza ( surprised ) you do ? foggy you do ? Matt offer he hand out to cordoza . matt you nve get yourself a defense . foggy bury he face in he hand as we and smash CUT to : ext . 38 th STREET - night amidst the pedestrian traffic we find foggy and Matt walk down the sidewalk together hold styrofoam cup of coffee . ( continued ) continued : 39 . foggy I wonder what cordoza will pay we in ? free tattoo ? malt liquor ? matt foggy ... foggy he 's a three - time loser that be find hold the murder weapon a block away . matt he 's also innocent . foggy how can you be so sure ? matt have I ever be wrong ? foggy ...no . which be really annoying , by the way . foggy stop and check he clipboard . foggy ( cont ’d ) okay . we be here . Lisa tazio 's apartment . they stop before a small walk ~up next to a Korean mini-mart . matt what be tazio do out here at one o'clock in the morning ? foggy ( check he note ) come home from night class . matt at one o'clock in the morning ? foggy so it be a late night class . look , I know you nve get this build - in bullshit detector , but this time it 's on the blink . I mean , why would somebody go to all this trouble just to cover - up the murder of a college girl ? ( continued ) 40 . continued : ( 2 ) matt we can not answer that until we find out more about Lisa tazio . foggy I do not like the sound of this ... int . lisa tazio 's apartment - night click . Matt pick the lock as they step inside . foggy I must have be sick the day they teach that . Real estate law , right ? matt what do you see ? foggy small , bachelorette apartment . Nice kitchen . fireplace . expose brick . you think they have already rent this place ? : matt foggy . foggy what ? I might as well get something out of this case . ( look around ) College textbooks . diet coke. lot of diet coke. Computer . Village Voice . a college student , like the report say . Matt inhale the room . matt ammonia . someone clean this place out . he stop at the desk and feel the computer . foggy want I to turn it on ? matt do not bother . I '' sure everything 's already be erase . Matt place he hand over the pine desktop . ( continued ) 41 . continued : foggy there 's nothing there , Matt . extreme close up as Matt 's finger pad touch the surface of the desk . they brush over the slight indentation in the wood . matt give I some paper . and a marker . foggy take both from he clipboard and hand they over . foggy what be you do ? matt she write a note with a ball point pen . the impression be still in the wood . Matt lay the paper over the desk and run the marker over it . like magic , the marker shade everything except for the indent letter : MARK welch 6301000 . matt ( cont 'd ) what do we get ? foggy ( smile ) a name and a phone number . suddenly the telephone ring . they look to each other . foggy ( cont 'd ) you gonna get that ? Matt smirk . the answer machine pick up : lisa tazio voice message hi , this be sexy sadie ... foggy oh Jesus . we break into the wrong house -- matt shhh . lisa tazio voice message -- if you want to help I study , leave you name and number at the beep . i'11 help you straighten out you longfellow . ( continued ) 42 . continued : ( 2 ) man' voice hi , um , I see you ad in the paper and I would like to make a ... appointment . I be at 328-1020 . um , bye . Matt feel a button on the answer machine and press play while foggy grab the Village Voice and rifle through it . beep . second man 's voice sexy sadie , it 's you favorite professor . I be stay at the Plaza . how 's tomorrow after midnight ? bring the ruler . foggy check this out ... cu village voice classified . a shot of a sexy girl busting out of a sorority sweater in one of that call girl ad in the back . it 's Lisa tazio . foggy ( cont 'd ) College girl by day , call girl by night . matt Lisa tazio be not come home at one e’clock in the morning . foggy ( catch on ) she be go out ... matt and somebody be wait . we close on the desk top : MARK welch 6301000 . ext . lisa tazio' apartment - same a cigarette butt be flicked onto the sidewalk . we follow the wisp of smoke up to the face of ... BEN urich . he drive off down the street . and as go we tilt up to see the light of a airplane fly overhead . CUT to : 43. int . airplane - day where we meet a sweet old lady fly to New York . she 's knitting while she talk . and talk . and talk ... sweet old lady ..- and then my daughter , susie , not the susie from buffalo - - that 's my son Larry 's daughter from he first marriage , elope with a semi-colored fellah from Long Island . what 's that word ? mulatta ? let 's just say he 's get a little cream in he coffee . anyhow he do very well for himself on that internet . do not ask I to explain . they get I a computer last year for Christmas but I will not use it because I be afraid it will start a fire ... the camera slowly pull back to reveal ... bullseye sit in the seat next to she . he 's listen to korn 's twist on he walkman . bullseye 's Pov the old lady 's lip move as the sound of death metal come out of she mouth . he finally take the headphone out . sweet old lady ( cont 'd ) ... and do you know what she say to I ? bullseye would-you-shut-the-fuck-up ? sweet old lady ( without blink ) no , she say : '' come and visit , Mom . '' but who can afford to fly this day ? bullseye put he headphone back on as a flight attendant walk by and drop a bag of airline peanut onto he tray . bullseye open the tiny bag and three peanut total roll out . sweet old lady ( cont have ) but then my sister Florence call from St. Paul ... cu peanut as bullseye roll it under he forefinger on the tray ... ( continued ) 44 . continued : sweet old lady ( cont have ) ... and she say she have frequent flier mile that she can not use on account of she sciatic nerve act up -- and then he flick it into the seat before he . the peanut ricochet off of the seat and into the Old Lady 's mouth ! sweet old lady ( cont no ) ..- and I say --acccckk ! the old lady choke on the peanut , until nothing come out of she mouth except for a empty gasp . buliseye watch as she eye bulge out in horror -- until she finally collapse back into she chair . a beat . the Flight attendant come by and set a blanket onto the ' sleep 's old lady 's lap . flight attendant can I get you anything before we land ? bullseye smile . bullseye more peanut ? int . courtroom - day close - up Matt as he address the jury : matt lady and gentleman of the jury , I be not go to tell you that vincent cordoza be a model citizen . he 's be in and out of reform school and prison since he be twelve year old , but this be not a court of character - - it 's a court of law . and in this case Vincent cordoza be innocent . on the jury all of whom appear ill- at -ease . and as we pull back into the courtroom we see why : Matt be face the wrong way . on cordoza as he whisper to foggy : cordoza he 's face the wrong way . ( continued ) 45 . continued : foggy . do not worry . Matt 's get ‘em right where he want ‘em . cordoza right ... on matt as she suddenly stop and turn back to the jury . matt just kid . the jury laugh . they love he . but not the no-nonsense judge . she 's clearly see this trick of he before . judge do this defense come with a two-drink minimum , Mr. murdock ? matt no you honor . I just want to show the jury what it 's be like for Vincent cordoza . like talk to a wall . Matt step before the jury as he conclude : matt ( cont 'd ) but today he story will be hear . today the truth come out . and with you help , justice will be find . thank you . foggy step over to help guide Matt back to he seat . maybe overkill , but the jury do not know that . smash CUT to : officer pollina on the witness stand . he 's clean - cut , honest - look , as he answer the prosecutor 's question : pollina we be a block away when we get the call of shot be fire . when we arrive on the scene miss tazio be lie dead on the step of she apartment . we find cordoza in the alley , incoherent , and still hold the murder weapon ... foggy sigh . this be not go to be easy . he glance to the back of the courtroom . ( continued ) 46 . continued : ( 2 ) foggy wonder what he 's do here ? matt who ? new angle to reveal Ben urich sit down . watch the trial .. foggy that daredevil reporter from the Post . now it 's Matt 's turn to look rattle ... ext . STREET - night Matt step down the sidewalk for home when we hear footstep behind he . the footstep grow closer . he turn the corner towards he apartment . tense as the footstep follow . but then he catch a intoxicating scent and stop . matt do this mean you want a re-match ? the camera pull back to reveal ... elektra stand behind he on the sidewalk . elektra how do you know I be not a mugger ? matt mugger do not smell like chanel no . 5 . she smile . elektra I be in the neighborhood . matt on purpose ? elektra laugh . elektra I tell you I would find you ... CUT to : ( continued ) 47 . continued : matt and elektra walk through the sidewalk of the Kitchen at night , share a slice of real New York pizza . elektra ( cont ’d ) I have die and go to heaven ... matt yeah . thank God there be still some place where you can not find a pizza Hut . elektra you really love it here , do not you ? Matt smile and nod . matt the Kitchen 's like family . sometimes it 's the Manson family -- she laugh . : matt ( cont ’d ) co -- but we all look out for each other . watch you step here ... she take he arm as they walk around a open sewer grate . ' elektra thanks , I do not see -- ( she stop , react ) ' how do you do that ? ( matt after you take a few header onto the sidewalk you tend to remember where the ' hazard be . elektra smile as she breathes in the night . we notice she '' still have not let go of he arm . Matt notice too . smile . i elektra ' it 's nice to have history some place . I ' feel like I be always shuttling between plane and hotel and country . there 's : a ball tomorrow night at my father 's hotel that I be absolutely dread . of matt '' so do not go . ( continued ) 48 . continued : ( 2 ) elektra it 's not that simple . my father need I . we be all we have leave . Matt suddenly look up to the sky . matt do you bring a umbrella ? elektra why ? suddenly , thunder boom as the rain begin to come . elektra ( cont 'd ) come on ! elektra duck under a awning in the alley , laugh . but Matt stay out in the rain , welcoming it like a old friend . elektra ( cont 'd ) you be get soak ! matt you know what a nice day be ? when there 's a breeze . scrap of leave and paper dance down the sidewalk give I a world of detail I would usually miss ... ( smile ) but a perfect day be when it rain . we hear the mute patter of the raindrop now , hit the leave overhead , as elektra listen to Matt 's world . matt ( cont 'd ) suddenly there 's a roof to the universe .. and everything that be shapeless be give contour and texture ... he stop and inhale the world around he . * matt ( cont 'd ) * car exhaust wash away replace by the * smell of earth and grass ... and for a * * moment everything be clear ... * matte Pov where we see the rain visualize as drop of SOUND . elektra step closer as they bounce off of she shoulder , she hair , the bridge of she nose , until they reveal she in a perfect silhouette . she 's even more beautiful than he imagine . ae ee ( continued ) 49 . continued : ( 3 ) _ matt ( cont 'd ) for a moment ... I can see again . new angle as she take he hand and place it on she face . cu fingertip as Matt slowly caress she delicate feature , the raindrop stream between he finger and she cheek in rivulet . matt ( cont 'd ) you be so beautiful . they start to kiss . Matt lose himself in the moment ... and then the voice start . the voice that only Matt murdock can hear . voice # 1 take the watch ! just do not hurt I ! voice # 2 crank ? base ? watchoo want , mistah ? cuz I get ‘em all . voice # 3 take the money outta the register ! Matt grit he tooth . matt no ... elektra what be it ? matt nothing ... elektra Matt ? Matt grimace . determined to shut they out . but then we hear the voice of a little boy cry . little boyn voice please ! please do not hurt I ! abusive father 's voice do not you run from I , boy ! ( continued ) 50 . continued : ( 4 ) and he can not shut they out anymore . matt I have to go . elektra Matt ? matt I be sorry ... Matt hurry off as we stay on elektra 's puzzle reaction . smash CUT to : the rooftop Matt rip open he shirt to reveal the crimson double D on the costume he wear underneath . his face a mask of rage . matt one night . that 's all I want . one goddamn night to myself ... cu cane as it 's snap apart into daredevil 's billy club . it 's fold and holster as we tilt up to the face of daredevil . daredevil say you prayer , asshole . int . apartment - night a abusive father stumble down the hallway with greasy hair hang over bloodshot eye . his voice be thick , drugge . abusive father ( 0.s. ) where be you ? little bastard ! he pull the belt from he pants and slap it against the wall as he go . he stop to see the window be OPEN . abusive father ( cont ’d ) do I say you could open this window ? you little son of a bitch ? we hear whimpering come from under the stair . the Father stumble over and yank the little boy out before throw he up against the wall . the boy cover he ear , crying . ( continued ) 51 . continued : abusive father ( cont 'd ) listen when I talk to you ! he raise he belt over he head when -- daredevil 's glove hand come into frame and grab he by the wrist ! abusive father ( cont ‘d ) what --? daredevil twist he arm and crack it at the elbow ! the Father howl in pain as he crumple to he knee . daredevil see how it feel ? abusive father I ' 11 kill you , motherf --! daredevil wrong answer . he grab he by the neck and yank he up off the floor , shouting at he in the man 's own word : daredevil ( cont ’d ) ' listen -when-i-talk-to-you ! 's daredevil 's about to go off when : little boy no ! the Little Boy grab daredevil 's arm . little boy ( cont 'd ) do not hurt my dad ! daredevil stop . a beat . and then he let the Father drop to the ground . the Little Boy hold he Father , sobbing , as daredevil stand there , unsure . daredevil I be not the bad guy , kid ... but it 's more of a plea than a statement . daredevil turn and slip out of the dark room as we CuT to : ext . rooftop - night where Matt stand overlook the city . his hood pull back from he face . look sick of the life that he 's create . ( continued ) 52 . continued : matt I be not the bad guy ... dissolve to : ext . nelson & murdock - day they office be right in between a yellow '' check cashed '' sign and a Korean pet service name '' U wash doggy . '' CUT to : int . nelson & murdock - same as we meet they secretary / receptionist karen page . she 's a beautiful , wholesome ~ look blond who have a thing for Matt , which we can sense from the moment he step in . karen hi , Matt . you get some message . I type they into you braille printer . matt thanks , Karen . foggy step out of he office as Karen hand Matt a fancy gold - emboss invitation . karen and this come by messenger this morning . it 's you invitation to the Black and White Ball at the Grand . plus one . she smile , clearly want to be ask . foggy plus one ? sweet . foggy snatch the invitation as Karen glare . karen would you like some coffee ? matt I be fine , thanks . Matt walk into he office . foggy hold up he empty cup . foggy I would like coffee . Karen just walk back to she desk . ( continued ) 53 . continued : foggy ( cont ’d ) o-kay ... int . matt 's office - continuous the office be crowded with junk -- remote control sailboat , leisure suit , box of shoe , all from the pro bono case of the past . Matt step in and hit a button on a braille printer as he court transcript begin printing out . foggy ( read the invite ) how would you rate ? this be the toughest ticket in town . matt I do not know . what would you find on we mystery man ? foggy Mark Welch ? nothing . no record . no prior . that phone number be a disconnect . it 's like he never exist . now about this party tonight -- matt I be not go . foggy what ? be you crazy ? that place will be crawl with rich people . the kind of people who do not pay they fee in fish . matt then you go . foggy I ‘ma plus one . plus one can not get into anything by themselves . ( stop ) this be about elektra , be not it ? matt no . foggy that 's it . natchios own the Grand . she 's the one who invite you . this be get serious , be not it ? ( continued ) 54 . continued : matt not exactly . I blow it last night . foggy what happen ? foggy pick up a nerf basketball from Matt 's desk . matt it 's hard to explain ... foggy shoot but hit the rim . foggy Karen say it be messenger this Morning . so at least one of you be not give up so easily . Ball . foggy toss he the nerf ball . Matt throw a perfect swish . matt I do not wanna talk about it . foggy right . God forbid you share anything personal with you best friend . foggy shoot again , this time miss completely . foggy ( cont 'd ) swish . Matt smirk . foggy ( cont ’d ) look , can I speak to you as you friend for a second and not as a whore monger ? matt only if it 's for a second . foggy that whole love - at-first -sight thing ? never happen to I . I always think it be some crap hallmark invent to push product on Valentine 's Day . until I see you two in that coffee shop . Ball . Matt catch the nerf ball as he think that over . matt plus one , huh ? ( continued ) 55 . continued : ( 2 ) foggy grin . Matt hit nothin’ but net as we ... smash CUT to : int . grand HOTEL ballroom - early evening a luxurious old - time hotel along the line of the St. regis or the Plaza . Matt and foggy make they way through . foggy do you know how much money be here tonight ? one new client and we could be set for a year . Matt suddenly catch a whiff of cigarette smoke as : urich ( 0.s. ) Matt murdock ? new angle to reveal Ben urich step over . Matt tense . urich ( cont 'd ) Ben urich with the Post . they shake hand . matt this be my partner Franklin Nelson . foggy that 's '' n-e-l -s-o - n . '' matt you be at the cordoza trial . urich that 's right . matt you be cover it for the paper ? urich no . not really . curious , that 's all . urich offer they he business card . urich ( cont ’d ) here 's my number . give I a call if anything come up . ( continued ) continued : 56 . but as he do he accidentally knock Matt 's red cane out of he hand . it hit the floor with a clatter . urich ( cont ’d ) sorry . urich pick it back up , notice ... urich ( cont ’d ) interesting color . Matt quickly take it away . matt I would not know . but then Matt stop as he hear the sound of a heavy bass heartbeat approach . a huge shadow fall over they as : new angle fisk ( 0.s. ) I do not expect to see you here , Mr. urich . to reveal Wilson fisk . wesley be at he side , as always . fisk ( cont 'd ) not relegate to cover the society page I hope ? urich comped some ticket from my publisher . think I no get a word in with natchios . fisk still chase the boogie man ? urich something like that . fisk offer he hand to Matt . fisk Wilson fisk . they shake , Matt 's hand be swallow up in he . matt Matt murdock . I have hear a lot about you , Mr. fisk . ( continued ) 57 . continued : ( 2 ) pisk hopefully not from Mr. urich here . foggy hand fisk he card . foggy Franklin Nelson . Nelson and murdock . that 's we card . you can keep it . fisk wonderful . matt you use to promote fight at the Garden , do not you , Mr. fisk ? fisk that be a long time ago . you be a box fan , Matt ? matt my father be a fighter . Jack murdock . fisk stop . smile . fisk I remember you father . he be a solid heavyweight . whatever happen to he ? matt fight game do not agree with he . fisk it can be a brutal business . matt yes it can . fisk pat Matt on the shoulder . fisk Nice meeting you , gentleman . he walk off with urich in he wake . urich Mr. fisk one more thing ... foggy give a low whistle as he watch he go . ( continued ) 58 . continued : ( 3 ) foggy wow . talk about a side of beef . ( notice ) hey , you okay ? Matt shake it off . matt yeah . Fine . foggy suddenly stop as he see ... elektra walk they way . she look absolutely breath-take . foggy oh wow . the crowd part for she like the Red Sea . foggy ( cont ’d ) if I could give you my eye for one night , buddy , it have be tonight . matt like that , huh ? foggy like that . I be gonna be at the bar if you need I . ( stop ) . you do not think it 's a cash bar , do you ? matt go. foggy slip through the crowd as elektra step over . elektra you look fantastic . matt then I be a reflection of you . she smile . elektra now that line actually do work . matt I be sorry about last night . ( continued ) 59 . continued : ( 4 ) elektra it 's okay . matt I wish I could explain ... she see he struggle , take he hand in hers . elektra you be here now . that 's all that matter . they smile at each other . elektra ( cont 'd ) come on . I have get someone that I want you to meet ... foggy at the bar as the band suddenly change to a salsa number . foggy ( smile ) oh yeah . and Matt say that dance lesson would never pay off . he glance over to a circle of South African diplomate and wink at a seven- foot - tall black goddess . foggy ( cont 'd ) Hell - o... nikolas natchios a distinguished Greek businessman . he 's greeting a series of VIP 's from around the world , all here to kiss he ring . he light up at the sight of he daughter . natchios elektra ... elektra how be you do , dad ? natchios ( under he breath ) I think my smile be stick this way . ( continued ) 60 . continued : elektra laugh . elektra I have like you to meet my friend , Matt murdock . natchios ' smile fade as Matt hold out he hand . matt it 's a pleasure , sir . natchios ( shaking he hand ) it 's rare when my daughter introduce I to one of she '' friend . '' elektra dad ... natchios what do you do for a live ? elektra dag. matt it 's okay , elektra . I do not mind . ( to natchios ) I be a professional gold digger , sir . natchios freeze . matt ( cont 'd ) it 's my intention to make you daughter fall in love with I , ingratiate myself to you , and eventually walk away with million of you family 's money . stun silence . matt ( cont 'd ) and may I add that you look fantastic this evening , sir . natchios burst out laughing . elektra watch in amazement as she father take Matt and clap he on the back . natchios very good ! very good indeed ! can I have someone bring you something to eat , Matt ? matt I be fine , thanks . ( continued ) 61 . continued : ( 2 ) one of natchios 's aide be flagging he attention . natchios duty call . I hope you have a wonderful time with my daughter . ( walk off , laugh ) ' professional gold digger ... 's elektra be floor . elektra oh my God , he offer you food . I have never ~ -- he 's never do that before ... matt let 's dance . the dance floor as foggy slow dance with the beautiful amazon . it 's obvious she do not understand a word that he 's say : foggy do you hear about that new sushi place that cater just to lawyer ? ( beat ) it 's call sosumi ! he crack himself up . the woman just stare . foggy ( cont 'd ) sosumi ! so-sue-me , it 's a ... so you be from uganda ? new angle as Matt and elektra dance . but as they do Matt hear the bass heartbeat of Wilson fisk in the distance . matt how do you father know Wilson fisk ? elektra they use to be business partner a long time ago . why ? matt no reason . just curious . 62 . fisk & natchios they sip champagne as they glance over to see Matt and elektra dance together . fisk she look so happy ... natchios yes . fisk I have not see she smile like that since before the tragedy . natchios stop as fisk whisper : fisk ( cont ’d ) poor girl . right in front of she eye ... natchios why must you bring that up ? fisk History have a way of repeat itself . and then fisk take the red rise from he jacket and slip it into natchios 's lapel . natchios go pale . natchios w- what be you say ? fisk just say good - bye , old friend . fisk pat the rise . fisk ( cont 'd ) just say good - bye . fisk walk off as we close on natchios 's horrify reaction . CuT to : the bar where we see foggy try to close the deal . foggy where be you stay ? amazon '' stay ? '' ( continued ) 63 . continued : foggy Hotel ? she nod , understanding . amazon Mark . foggy uh oh . who 's Mark ? amazon Mark . Hotel . foggy oh , you be stay at the Mark . she nod . and then foggy freeze as he realize : foggy ( cont 'd ) there be no Mark Welch ... ( beat ) there 's a Welch at the Mark ... back to : elertra & matt lose in each other 's arm when : natchios ( 0.s. ) elektra ! she look to see she father wave she over , flanke by two of he bodyguard . natchios ( cont 'd ) pa-me ! . elektra ti hora eine ? natchios ( flustered ) now ! elektra turn to Matt . elektra I have to go . matt what be it ? ( continued ) 64 . continued : ( 2 ) elertra something 's wrong . something bad . she kiss he . matt elektra ... elektra I be sorry , Matt ... she hurry off to join she father . we stay on Matt 's reaction as we ... smash CUT to : ext . diner - night music up : when world collide by powerman 5000 we watch as two motorcycle cop park they bike and stroll into the neighborhood diner just as ... bullseye step out with a cigarette dangle from he lip . he 's wear a '' I love new york '' T-shirt beneath he long , blue leather coat . he whip out a fork from the diner and jab it into one of the police motorcycle 's gas tank . CuT to : int . diner - same where the two motorcycle cop sit at the counter , talk up the bottle - blonde waitress . motorcycle cop # 1 hiya , margie . what 's good today ? waitress the diner down the street . they laugh good - naturedly . and then we hear the sound of a motorcycle engine roaring to life . waitress ( cont would ) hey , be not that --? ( continued ) 65 . continued : motorcycle cop # 2 hey ! hey ! ext . STREET - night the motorcycle cop run out in time to see bullseye roaring off on one of they police bike ! motorcycle cop # 1 crazy sonofabitch ! motorcycle cop # 2 he will not get far ... cop # 2 start up the other bike and roar after hin , unknowingly leave a trail of gasoline in he wake ... CUT to : bullseye as he speed down the Avenue . the motorcycle cop pull up alongside he with he light flashing . motorcycle cop # 2 pull over ! bullseye point innocently to himself . bullseye I ? motorcycle cop # 2 I say pull over ! now ! bullseye flick he cigarette at the enraged motorcycle cop . motorcycle cop # 2 ( cont 'd ) you miss , asshole ! bullseye the name 's bullseye . ( beat ) and I never miss . the cigarette ignite the trail of gasoline ! the motorcycle cop look in he rearview mirror to see a trail of FIRE racing up behind he ! ( continued ) 66 . continued : he panic and gun the engine , force even more gasoline out of the tank ! the cop scream as the flame race up onto the back of the bike cause the gas tank to explode ! CUT to : ext . rooftop - night three stone gargoyle be perch atop a old bank building . but as we close in we see the one in the middle be ... daredevil . sifting through the sound of the street . the heavy engine of a stretch limousine pass by as we hear : elerktra ( v.0 . ) I do not understand -- natchios ( v.0 . ) New York be not safe . not tonight . that 's all you need to know . daredevil stand . daredevil I '' watch over you , baby ... he follow the limousine from above as we ext . STREET - night as bullseye see a black stretch limousine . he grin and gun he bike to head they off . CuT to : ext . rooftop - night as daredevil leap from building to building . the roar of the rogue motorcycle be head straight for the limousine . on daredevil as he swan dive off of the roof ! but at the last minute he tuck he leg and hit the roof of the limousine ! ka - thump ! elektra and niko look up through the sunroof to see - ~ daredevil stand on top of the roof ! ( continued ) 67 . continued : ccut to : bullseye with a child - like smile spread across he face . bullseye this be my kind of town ... he pull a strap from he coat and lock the throttle in place . and then - - he stand -- surfing the motorcycle down the street and freeing he hand to do what bullseye do best . new angle as bullseye press the middle button on what appear to be a STAR - shape belt buckle . but the '' buckle '' be actually a stack of deadly shuriken . six chinese throw star snap off and slide between each one of he glove finger . bullseye ( cont 'd ) here come the pain ! he cross -throws both hand of he shuriken at once ! whip pan to : daredevil' Pov as the SOUND of the shuriken cut through the air be pinpoint by the sonograph of he radar sense . on daredevil draw he billy club from he holster and fanning it across he body as -- chuk ! chuk ! chuk ! chuk ! chuk ! chuk !-- he catch each shuriken in the shaft of he club ! bullseye ( stunne ) you make I miss ... I never miss ... daredevil neither do I . daredevil throws he billy club down into the spoke of the motorcycle ! it lock up against the fork , send the bike crashing and sliding down the street ! bullseye leap from the skid motorcycle and onto the limousine . they begin trading punch and kick as the car drive on ! boom ! boom ! ( continued ) 68 . continued : the sound of gunfire erupt at they foot as we ... int . limousine - same as stavros fire up through the roof at both man ! ext . limousine - same daredevil kick bullseye back to the rear of the car . but bullseye reach back and rip the car antenna off . . he whip it across daredevil 's face ! daredevil stumble back and fall off the back of the move limo ! on bullseye as he turn back to the business at hand . he smashes through the glass of the sunroof with a muy thai elbow strike ... CuT to : daredevil hang onto the rear fender by he cane ! his thigh and stomach scrape along the speed asphalt , shredd he costume to he bleed torso . he fight back the pain as he pull himself back up onto the limousine ... bullseye reach for natchios just as daredevil' hand reach into frame and throw he off of the limo and onto the pavement ! we watch as he tumble along the street behind they when : niko ( look up ) watch out ! the limo Driver turn to see a traffic jam up ahead ! he slam on the brake as daredevil be thrown over the hood ! on daredevil as he somersault through the air before stick a perfect landing onto the hood of a cab ! even as ... the limousine slide out sideways and slam into a bus ! ( continued ) 69 . continued : we hear siren wail as elektra tumble out the back with she father . stavros be out cold , he head through the rear windshield . on bullseye as he pick the jag - end billy club from the motorcycle wreckage . he smile and turn back as we see ... natchios comforting he daughter . he turn just as -~ thwaaack !-- the billy club pierce natchios 's chest ! elektra scream ! on bullseye grin at he infallible aim from a city block away . bullseye bull ‘s-eye . he disappear into the shadow of the alleyway . on elektra as she cradle she father in she arm . a dark pool of blood spread out across the asphalt . she try to stop the flow of blood with she hand as natchios spasm , clutching at he daughter as he die . elektra no...no ... elektra look up to see daredevil stand atop the taxi cab . elertra ( cont ’d ) murderer . daredevil no ... elektra lunge for stavros 's gun and open FIRE ! new angle daredevil be force to flee as the police arrive . elektra keep pull the trigger until the clip click empty . and then she drop to she knee and sob as we CuT to : 70 . cu billy club break and bloody , be bag by a forensics unit as detective manolis look on . manolis scowl when he see ... urich pull up , still wear he rental tuxedo from the party . urich watch the scene unfold in disbelief . urich no ... det . manolis — you make he out to be a hero . buta vigilante be just a killer with style . manolis flick he cigarette to the ground . det . manolis ( cont ’d ) and you can quote I on that . off urich 's look we ... cur to : int . matt 's apartment - night cu blood swirl down the drain . Matt splashes he face with cold water before open the medicine cabinet . look like demerol tonight . he peel he shred costume back to reveal the bloody road rash on he chest and stomach ... cuT to the fireplace to reveal Matt 's shred daredevil costume burn . he watch as the double - D warp and melt in the blaze before walk over to the bas relief on the wall . the relief open up to reveal a hide combination lock . he spin the dial , know the click by heart , before unlock the door and sliding the wall open to reveal ... a whole closet full of spare billy club and costume . he hang up he boot and glove and slide the door shut ... smash CUT to : new york time newspaper the headline vigilante . under that : nikolas natchtos dead . ( continued ) 71 . continued : ext . natchios mansion - manhattan ~ morning as we move past a series of on - camera reporter jockey for position before the mansion ... reporter # 1 .-a scene of carnage last night with explosion , police officer kill , and gunfire in the street -- reporter # 2 ; ... the break New York Times story will identify nikolas natchios as the so - call ' kingpin of crime . ' file find in natchios 's office seem to implicate natchios in a myriad of crime which terrify this city since -- reporter # 3 .-- daredevil , New York 's self - style vigilante , be say to be the prime suspect in the murder . Police believe daredevil be seek justice for a litany of crime commit by nikolas ' the kingpin 's natchios ... on matt as he try to work he way past the police ... policeman behind the line ! matt I 'ma friend of elektra natchios . policeman that 's what every reporter here say . you be not clear , you be not goin 's in . Matt be turn away as we close on a window in the second story of the natchios mansion . cuT to : int . natchios mansion - same on elektra sit on the floor , watch the reporter on television . ( continued ) 72 . continued : slowly rock back and forth , she arm wrap around she knee , nearly catatonic . her eye be wild . feral . CUT to : int . new york post / editor' office - day a furious editor hold up the New York Times paper . editor what 's wrong with this headline , urich ? it say New York Times ! I let you chase boogie man for six month and when they actually turn out to be real you get scoop by the Times ? urich I be wait for the fact . there 's no real proof that natchios be the kingpin or that daredevil be the killer . that story be premature . editor ' premature ? ' the Times outsold we today ten-to-one ! premature ! urich storm out as the editor call after he : editor ( cont ’d ) you career be premature ! int . matte apartment ~ morning where we see Matt sit at the table , read the braille newspaper version of the New York Times . we hear a loud pounding on the door . foggy ( 0.s. ) Matt ? you home ? he pound some more . Matt finally get up and open the door to reveal foggy , breathless . foggy ( cont ’d ) I hear . it 's all over the news . how be she do ? matt I can not get to she . ( continued ) 73 . continued : foggy Jesus . the poor thing ... he stop when he notice the cut on Matt 's face . foggy ( cont ’d ) what happen to you ? matt ran into a door . Matt turn back inside as foggy react . foggy how many time ? Matt sit back at the table . foggy sit across from he . foggy ( cont 'd ) guess what I find out ? ( beat ) there be no Mark Welch . matt then you be right . it 's a dead end . foggy take out the piece of paper that Matt use in Lisa tazio 's apartment . MARK welch 6301000 . | foggy it 's not a name . it 's a hotel . someone name Welch be at the Mark . and that phone number be not a phone number ... foggy put a slash on the 630 and two dot onto the 1000 . change what look like a phone number into : 6/30 10:00 . foggy ( cont 'd ) she do not press hard enough for we to read it . Lisa tazio be meeting somebody name Welch at ten o'clock at the Mark . June 30th . the night she be murder . matt it do not prove anything . Matt get up and walk into the kitchen . he pour from a specialize coffee maker for the blind ( time braille button , burn protection ) and pour himself a cup . foggy but if you be right and that 's the last thing she write on the day of -- ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) matt what do I know , foggy ? he turn away and stand before the open window . matt ( cont 'd ) what do I know about anything ? foggy you know about justice . all that talk about make a difference ? stick up for the little guy ? well I nil be dame if you do not get I believe it . Matt shake he head . matt I be sorry . you be on you own today . foggy what ? matt the funeral be this morning . it 's the only way I can get to elektra .. foggy I can not do this by myself ... matt you be a better lawyer than I be . you just have to believe it for yourself . foggy iwill . but not today . now come on . put on you lawyer clothes and let 's go . Matt do not move . a long beat . foggy scowl . foggy ( cont 'd ) I all give cordoza you regards . foggy walk out as we stay on Matt 's reaction ... int . fisk industries / lobby - day where the PRESS have stop fisk on he way to work . fisk ( v.0 . ) I be overwhelm with grief at the death of my dear friend niko natchios . ( more ) 74 . ( continued ) 75 . continued : fisk ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I ask that the press please allow he daughter to bury he in peace , and to not destroy he memory with this ridiculous accusation of organize crime . fisk leave the bank of microphone and walk for the elevator with wesley in tow . wesley I do not understand , sir ... fisk . better to appear loyal to a friend than open-minded to he slander . especially if you ’‘re the one who slander he . wesley brilliant , sir . fisk wesley , if you must patronize I , at least try to be clever about it . wesley yes , sir . ccut to : int . fisk office - day a massive , sound - proofed room with black marble wall . fisk step in and take off he coat . but then he stop when he hear a high - pitch whirring from off -screen . fisk how do you get past security ? on bullseye sit at he desk , hold a pencil in a electric sharpener . he pull the sharpen pencil out and walk it across he finger , like a magician with a card trick . bullseye you mean that guy ? new angle to reveal fisk 's new bodyguard lay on the floor , stick with a half - dozen sharpen pencil . fisk sigh . fisk be that necessary ? ( continued ) 76 . continued : bullseye no . but it be fun . fisk pour himself a drink . fisk you have exceed all of my expectation . even manage to implicate daredevil in the process . you should be pleased . bullseye scowl . bullseye he make I miss . fisk smile as he hold up a olive for he drink . fisk too much pride can kill a man . fisk drop the olive just as bullseye whip the sharpen pencil through the air --spearing it against the wall . bullseye tell you boy to stay out of Hell 's Kitchen . anybody get in my way and they end up like pencil boy . fisk done . anything else you need ? now that you have see daredevil for yourself ? bullseye yeah ... bullseye lean forward . bullseye ( cont 'd ) I want a fuckin ' costume . int . natchios mansion / gymnasium - day music up : brackish by Kitty where we see elektra wear a black leotard and work - out wrap . she hold a razor sharp sai ( three - pronge sword ) in each hand . she expertly whip the sai around she body , savagely attack the air around she . primitive rage . ( continued ) 77 . continued : new angle the wall be cover with newspaper article . she pull a hide sai from she leg holster and throws it across the room . it stick into the wall with a thunk ! right through the picture of daredevil . int . court - morning where we see foggy try to fill in for Matt . he 's sweat profusely through he coat , wing it : foggy ... and what happen from there ? cordoza be up on the witness stand . cordoza man , I be so waste ... it 's kind of hard to remember everything ... foggy . but you remember where you be until ten fifteen p.m . remember ? cordoza yeah . sure . where be I again ? the prosecution smile while the judge roll she eye . foggy ( check he note ) um ... where be -- here -- you say you be in Chumley 's bar until ten-fifteen . and then you go to meet a friend -- cordoza that 's right . Turk . I be go to meet Turk . Cause he owed I some money . foggy that 's right . and you talk to Turk outside of he apartment at 33rd , a block from Lisa tazio 's apartment . there you pass out from drink , correct ? cordoza right . no wait . I just remember -- ( continued ) 78 . continued : foggy move on here ... the prosecutor jump in : prosecutor objection . Defense do not allow Mr. cordoza to finish answer . judge sustain . continue , Mr. cordoza . foggy wipe he perspire forehead . cordoza Turk do not have my money but he do have a couple blunt . we get stone and then he go inside to get something to eat . foggy terrific and then you pass out . cordoza yeah . I wake up with this gun in my hand and cop everywhere . foggy ( turn to the jury ) so he be unconscious during the time of the shoot . thank you , Mr. cordoza . I have no further question . the judge hit she gavel . judge Court 's in recess . counsel ? foggy step up to the bench . judge ( cont ’d ) for you sake , I hope that you partner come back soon . foggy nod . I too , 79 . ext . cemetery - day as the rain continue to fall . we see elektra dress all in black as she will be from now on in we story ; as if in perpetual mourn . she watch as the casket be lower into the ground beside she mother 's tomb . but she do not cry . her eye be cold and dead . she turn for the limo . matt elektra ... new angle to reveal Matt stand before she . stavros start for he but elektra wave he away . elektra it 's okay . Matt step over and hold she in he arm . matt I have be try to reach you . elektra it 's better this way ... matt you do not have to go through this alone . elektra stay away , matt. please . matt I can not do that . elektra I feel like I be go crazy . like I be split right down the middle ... matt I understand . believe I . elektra I will not be a victim again ... she kiss he on the cheek and turn away ... matt elektra ! but she slip into she limousine and drive away . ( continued ) 80 . continued : new angle as we see fisk smile and get into a limousine of he own . the limousine drive off , leave Matt behind . until ... a cigarette butt roll into frame . Matt turn to find Ben urich before he . and finally he lose it : matt ( cont 'd ) what do you want ? urich ( startle ) Matt , it 's Ben urich -- matt I know who it be ! why be you follow I all the time ? if you know something just say it ! get it over with ! a beat . urich I think cordoza 's innocent . Matt stop as realize he be way off . urich ( cont 'd ) I have be work on a story about the kingpin . pulitzer Prize stuff . or at least it be until the New York Times publish theirs first . matt you lose I ... urich I have a deep Throat source . ( beat ) name Lisa tazio . matt tazio have access to the kingpin ? urich one of the kingpin 's man , I think . pillow talk in a hotel room . she sell the information to I piecemeal . I never get a name . but she get kill at random do not sit well with I . ( continued ) 81 . continued : ( 2 ) matt will you testify to that ? urich ( shake he head ) fifth amendment and all that . Story 's still open as far as I '' concerned . matt be they anything you can tell I now that will help my client ? urich light a cigarette . urich ' good luck . ' that 's all I get about now . I will keep in touch . as urich head off we ... cut to : int . the MARK HOTEL - day very upscale hotel on the Upper East side . foggy step inside and stroll over to a perky receptionist . receptionist welcome to the Mark , my name be Grace . how may I help you today ? foggy hi Grace . my boss stay here a while back on June 30th . Mr. Welch ? and he think he be mischarged for the room . receptionist oh dear . let 's check that out ... ( look up the computer ) his name again ? foggy Welch . receptionist first name ? foggy hesitates . foggy mister . she look up at he . ( continued ) 82 . continued : foggy ( cont ’d ) I just start work for he . the receptionist nod , unsure , before go back to the computer screen : receptionist yes . here we be . foggy if you could print I out he bill ... receptionist oh , I be sorry , sir . we can not give out personal information on hotel guest . foggy mister Welch will be terribly upset . receptionist Hotel policy , I be afraid . I would need to get he authorization first . foggy go ahead . call he . the receptionist look to foggy . foggy ( cont 'd ) I will wait . she dial up the phone number as foggy smile . then : voice yes ? receptionist wesley Welch ; please . foggy smile . he 's get the full name now . inter-cut with : int . fisk industries - office - same where we see wesley on he cell phone . wesley speak . who be this ? ( continued ) 83 . continued : receptionist I '' sorry to bother you , sir . I have someone here who 's request a copy of you last hotel bill . wesley freeze . wesley what ? foggy motion to the receptionist . foggy let I talk to he . she hand foggy the phone . foggy ( cont ’d ) ( into the phone ) Mr. Welch ? welch yes ? foggy Lisa tazio say '' hello . '' wesley freeze . foggy smile . foggy ( cont 'd ) you be go down , asshole . foggy hand the phone back to the receptionist . smile . foggy ( cont ’d ) have a nice day . he walk out as we stay on she reaction . int . matt 's apartment - night Matt pop some pill from the kitchen cabinet . and then he stop . smell . that scent ... voice the door be open . he turn around as we reveal ... elektra . ( continued ) 84 , continued : tear stream down she face . elektra I do not want to be alone anymore . matt you do not have to be . ever . she fall into he arm , cry . elektra I be sorry ... he kiss she head . matt ( echoing she own word ) you be here now . that ' 's all that matter . he kiss she through she tear as we slowly dissolve to : later . as Matt and elektra make love . elektra 's hand trace the battle scar on Matt 's back . Matt 's finger trace old scar on elektra ' 's wrist . two people with road map of pain . we lose they in a twisted mesh of sheet as we ... fade out . fade in : to blackness . and then we hear the hellish sound of scream and gunfire . we pull back to reveal we be in a extreme close - up of a little girl be eye . she stare back at we in a catatonic trance as red blood splatter across she white dress -- smash CUT to : elektra waking up in Matt 's bed . her eye wild , she chest heaving . she look over to Matt as she begin to remember where she be . and then she kiss he cheek and slip out of hed ... CUT to : ~ 85 . ext . hell 's kitchen - night where we see five STREET punk hang out in a alleyway get high . one of they turn as he notice : STREET punk # 1 check this out . elektra walk towards they down the alley . but it 's a different elektra than we have see before . she 's a warrior now . Black leather body suit . sais strapped on each leg . leather wrap lace up she arm , dangle in the breeze . her hair and she eye be black and wild as midnight . elektra I be look for daredevil . the punk look to each other and start laugh . STREET punk # 1 hear that ? she 's lookin’ for daredevil . STREET punk # 2 what 's wrong with we , bitch ? she turn to go when he step in she way . STREET punk # 2 ( cont 'd ) where you think you be go ? elektra get out of my way . they laugh again . STREET punk # 2 sure . I x11 get out of you way . right after I be do with you ... he pull a large knife from he side and wave it before she eye as the other close in , smile . hungry wolf . STREET punk # 2 ( cont 'd ) do you like it rough , baby ? another punk slide a chain from he belt loop ... ( continued ) 86 . continued : STREET punk # 2 ( cont 'd ) cuz we like it real rough ... the camera slowly circle elektra until we can see she expression . she 's smile . God help they . she 's smile . CUT to : int . matte bedroom - same as we see Matt 's eye flutter open . he reach over for elektra and stop when he feel she 's go . CUT to : ext . alley - night as punk # 1 reach for elektra . all it take be a milli - second and -- craaack !-- he will not be use that arm again for a long , long time . STREET punk # 1 aaahhh ! punk # 2 lunge for elektra with he hunt knife . but elektra expertly side -step he parry and palm strike he nose , drive he sinus cavity up into he brain . new angle as she whip out she sais and spin they in she hand before stabbing he like a matador with a bull ! punk # 3 attack elektra from behind . but she drop and sweep -kick he legs out , immediately lay waste to he windpipe with a two - finger ninjitsu hand strike . punk # 4 the biggest of the gang swing at elektra with he fist wrapped in chain . elektra snatch he hand and twist the chain around it , turn he wrist to pulp . he scream as she drop he with a double - up kick to the groin and chin . on elektra as she pull the sais out of the dead punk 's body and spin they again before return they to she leg holster . ( continued ) 87 . continued : elektra I like it rough . int . nelson & murdock - night where we see foggy work late into the night . Notes and brief be everywhere . he 's do it . he 's in the zone . even Karen look impressed as she step in to check on he . you need more coffee ... she take he cup for a refill as foggy smile he thanks . ccut to : int . hallway ~ night urich slap a hundre dollar bill into the palm of a young , hip - look forensics assistant . urich this better be good , Adam ... forensics assistant I be always good . you know that . they step into a private room where the forensics Assistant take out the plastic bag hold daredevil 's billy club . urich I have see it . forensics assistant you have not see this . the forensics Assistant press a hidden stud on the inside handle as -- snikt !-- the end of the club curl into a handle . forensics assistant ( cont 'd ) you say to look out for weird shit . this be pretty weird , man . we close on urich 's stunne reaction as he recognize the deep red cane of Matt murdock . urich you have no idea ... suddenly , urich 's phone ring , cause both man to jump . urich smile ruefully before answer the call : ( continued ) 88 . continued : urich ( cont 'd ) urich . we inter -cut with foggy back at the office . foggy ( v.0 . ) Ben , it 's foggy Nelson . urich this ... this be not a good time -- foggy it 's about Lisa tazio . urich stop . urich go on . foggy do the name ' wesley Welch 's mean anything to you ? urich stop . and then he begin to smile . urich oh yeah ... ext . rooftop - night daredevil swing up to the rooftop , search for elektra , when we hear a scream come from the darkness : womann voice help ! somebody ! daredevil grimace . daredevil not now ... but the woman scream again : woman' voice please help I ! daredevil curse under he breath and turn towards the sound of the woman in distress . cut to : 89 . a brownstone as daredevil land on the roof , listen . Laundry have be strung up across the rooftop , create a maze of imagery . we hear a rustling come from the darkness . and as daredevil step closer to investigate we go to ... daredevil 's Pov of what look to be a woman in a dress . he step closer and closer until--flap flap flap flap ! pigeon fly into camera , beat they wing in we face ! new angle to reveal the dress be empty , hang by clothespin in the shape of a woman . daredevil try to get he bearing as -- wham ! he 's kicked in the back of the head by a black leather boot ! daredevil hit the ground hard before look up to see ... elektra stand over he , seethe ! the cry for help be a trap . elektra remember I , murderer ? she triple -kick to the ball , stomach , and face ! daredevil struggle back to he foot as elektra circle around he ... elektra ( cont no ) it 's you turn to bleed . she deliver a series of rapid FIRE kick and strike that drive daredevil back across the rooftop . but then she throw a kick to he head which daredevil catch in a ankle~lock . daredevil I do not kill you father . elektra liar ! she jump up with the other foot and kick daredevil across the face ! he stumble back as she whip out she sai and expertly twirl it in she hand . ( continued ) 90 . continued : daredevil it be the man with the bullseye . she stab at daredevil . he narrowly miss she parry as the razor- sharp blade slice through the fabric of he costume . elektra whip the other sai up into he face but daredevil deflect the blade and grab her in a elbow lock . new angle he wrap he other arm around she throat , pull she against he chest . he whisper pleadingly : daredevil ( cont 'd ) I be not go to fight you . and in this moment we realize -- that they be in the same exact position they be in that day in the park . when elektra say she would never fall for the same attack twice . elektra good . then this will be quick . she suddenly whip she sai out and thrust it into he chest ! he cry out as he drop to he knee , blood pour out as elektra pounce on he with she sai against he throat ! elektra ( cont 'd ) now I want to look into the eye of my father 's killer as he die . she pull back he hood . and then she freeze as she see . matt now you know ... she shake she head in disbelief . elektra no ... matt it 's not too late , elektra . elektra I have do bad thing ... matt we nve all do bad thing . elektra you do not understand . ( continued ) 91 . continued : ( 2 ) and then from the darkness : bullseye ( 0.s. ) oh , daaaaaredevil ...? we hear footstep clanging up the metal fire escape from the other side of the building as elektra 's eye narrow . elektra he 's go to pay for what he do . matt ( get weaker ) do not ... do not go ... elektra bend down and kiss Matt on the lip . it 's a hungry kiss of passion and pain and remorse ... elektra I be sorry , my love . daredevil pass out from the blood loss . elektra gently pull he hood back down over he face . on bullseye as he step off of the fire escape and onto the roof . he smile as elektra unsheathes she sai . elektra ( cont ’d ) murderer ... bullseye yeah . but you gotta admit that be one helluva toss . elektra leap for bullseye , kicking he across the face while slashing at he with she sais ! bullseye dodge the sword strike as the blade send SPARKS flying across the brick wall of the rooftop ! but then he flinch a millisecond too late and --whoosh !--a blade catch he chin . bullseye touch the cut and taste he own blood . bullseye ( cont no ) new angle to reveal he 's snapped a t.v. antenna off . elektra charge as he whip the antenna out across she face -- ( continued ) 92 . continued : ( 3 ) elektra aahh ! -- while take she foot out from beneath she ! but elektra spring up in a handstand and jump -kick he in the face ! on elektra deliver kick and strike so fast that bullseye can barely defend himself ! he 's drive back against the ledge . new angle we see a crowd gather on the street below to watch as we hear the sound of police siren approach . on elektra as she twirl she sai in she hand . elektra last word before you die ? bullseye grin as he reach into he belt for ... a playing card . , the Ace of spade . bullseye pick a card . any card . elektra react as he suddenly throws the card with incredible precision -- slicing elektra 's throat ! on elektra drop she sai as she fall to she knee -- hold she hand against she neck to stop the bleed . bullseye ( cont have ) you be good , baby . I '11 give you that . she reach for she sai but bullseye kick it up into he own hand and smile . bullseye ( cont have ) but I be magic . elektra tear the sash from she arm and tie it around she neck like a tourniquet , still game to fight . ( continued ) 93 . continued : on daredevil as he eye flutter open in time to see ... bullseye ( cont 'd ) and for my next trick ... bullseye swing the sai up into elertra's stomach ! daredevil no ! on elektra as the blade poke out of she back in silhouette ! bullseye slide the blade out as she crumple to she knee . a police helicopter fly overhead , illuminating they in the pass flash of the spotlight . bullseye scowls and slip into the darkness of the rooftop and chimney , leave they to die together . on elektra as she stumble towards daredevil ... leave a trail of blood behind she ... until she fall into he arm ... daredevil ( cont no ) no ... . her eye flutter as she slowly reach up and touch he cheek . blood flow from she mouth . he touch she face . just like he do that day in the rain . a million year ago . daredevil ( cont 'd ) please ... elektra shhh ... daredevil oh God ... elektra thank you , Matt ... a little smile as the light leave she eye ... elektra ( cont 'd ) ..- for help I see . ( continued ) 94 . continued : ( 2 ) and with that she collapse in he arm . new angle as we see the police come up the step . daredevil can not stay any longer . he kiss she one last time . new angle as the door on the roof burst OPEN to reveal detective manolis and he man , armed with gun at the ready . manolis hold it ! but daredevil be already go . ext . rooftop - night the searchlight from a police helicopter pass over the old church , revealing a figure drape over the crufix ... daredevil . we be back to the beginning of we story . ext . rooftop - night as we see bullseye crouch down , smile at what he 's find . a blood trail . int . church sanctuary - night as Father Everett pull off daredevil 's cowl . he react to the dead eye of the man before he . father everett you . you be the vigilante ... matt ( grimace ) I be not much of anything ... the Priest take the purple cloth from he neck and use it to stop the bleed . ( continued ) continued : new angle 95 . father everett God have infinite mercy , my son . all you have to do be ask ... matt everything 's be take from I , and now I be suppose to ask for mercy ? ( beat ) I do not ask for mercy . people ask I . bullseye ( 0.s. ) good line . can I use it ? as bullseye step through the front door . bullseye ( cont ‘d ) you leave one helluva blood trail . a blind man could follow it . daredevil ( to the Priest ) be there a back way out ? father everett yes . daredevil take it . now . father everett what about you ? daredevil I have to finish this . father everett you can not fight like this . daredevil have faith . be not that right , Father ? Father Everett say a silent prayer before he turn and hurry out . until it 's just daredevil and bullseye . bullseye bring it on . and in that split second daredevil whip he billy club out across the church -~ smashing bullseye 's mouth ! ( continued ) the eat 96 . continued : ( 2 ) bullseye ( cont no ) motherf -- on bullseye as he spit a mouthful of tooth into he hand ! and then he whip he tooth back at daredevil striking he in he eye ! on bullseye as he kick the billy club up into he hand and crack the grapple hook into daredevil 's chest wound . daredevil grimace as he drop to he knee from the pain ... bullseye ( cont have ) this be my favorite part . where I get to choose how you die . we hear the bell up in the tower as they automatically begin to ring on the hour . bullseye get a idea and smile . smash CUT to : ext . church - same as police car pull up outside . manolis step out . he look up to the bell tower in the moonlight as we ... CUT to : int . bell tower - night as daredevil drop to he knee in pain ; the clanging SOUND be like knife drive into he hyper-sensitive ear . bullseye what 's with you ? daredevil' Pov as even the shadow world he see be disappear . until all that 's leave be infinite blackness . CUT to : manolis shout over to he man as they take position : manolis I do not care if it 's a church ! break the goddamn door down if you have to ! ( more ) ( continued ) 97 . continued : manolis ( cont 'd ) ( to he other man ) keep he in you site ! sharpshooter which one ? manolis both of they ! new angle as Ben urich 's car pull up . he jump out and freeze at what he see . urich Matt ... back to : bullseye laugh as he hold a sai up , glisten in the moonlight . bullseye it 's hers . seem fitting , do not it ? but then the bell ring for the last time as we go to ... daredevil 's Pov come back from he shattered sense ... cu daredevil 's hand as he clenches he fist and ... wham ! punch he way out of the darkness ! we hear the crack of bullseye 's jaw -- like the sound of a bottle break -- as it hang open unhinge ! on daredevil as he whirl around and grab bullseye , shove he out the window of the tower . holding he out by the neck . bullseye spit out word through break tooth : bullseye you can not do it , can you Devil ? that 's what separate I and you . you be soft . you will try to have I arrest . maybe I ' 1l even go to jail again . for a little while . but fisk will get I out . ( continued ) 98 . continued : daredevil go cold as he realize : daredevil fisk be the kingpin ... bullseye laugh and nod . bullseye own the whole goddamn town . I x11 get he lawyer . and he judge . and I will walk out the door. ( spitting blood ) and I ' 1]1 kill again . and again . and that blood will be on you hand then . a long beat . daredevil you will kill no one ... on bullseye as he begin to realize ... daredevil ( cont 'd ) ever again . we watch he horrify face as he drop all the way down to the street below with a sicken thud ! the police approach the body with they gun draw , take no chance . but bullseye be not get up . cut to : the police running up the step to the bell tower to find -- he 's go . cut to : urich as he step over to manolis . det . manolis what do you want ? urich I have get a gift for you . {continued ) 99 . continued : det . manolis the hell be you talk about ? urich the collar of a lifetime . manolis look he over , suspicious . det . manolis why I ? urich it kill I to admit this , Nick , but you be the only honest cop I know ... off he reaction we ext . fisk industries - night as we see the glorious fisk building all light up . it 's empty -- except for one large silhouette on the top floor . and then : woosh ! whoosh ! whoosh ! whoosh ! the power be turn off one floor at a time . until the entire building be shroud in darkness . CUT to : int . fisk industries - night as we see Wilson fisk stand in the darkness . the light of the city behind he . we hear the groan of heavy metal door open as he turn to see the shadow of a devil . the two stare each other down for a long beat . fisk cane tighten in he grip ... daredevil' billy club slide out of he holster ... . daredevil kingpin . fisk smile . nod . ( continued ) 100 . fisk yes . as daredevil loom ... daredevil time to give the devil he due . daredevil shoot he billy club across the room ! but fisk be fast for such a big man and he wrap the club around he cane , yanking daredevil off of he foot ! new angle as they collide like two mighty bull ! brute , massive strength against speed and agility ! the STORM rage outside as the fight intensify ! fisk pick up a barbell and throws it at daredevil ! it crash into the wall as dd barely duck underneath ! on daredevil as he jump onto fisk , choking he out . but fisk be too strong . he flip daredevil over he head and brutally smashes he onto the ground . Broken and bloody . daredevil 's Pov his sense a mess . as helpless as any other blind man . on fisk he pull a red rise off of a vase on the table . he smell it through he bloody nose and grin . : fisk time to say good - bye . fisk drop the rose onto daredevil 's body . fisk ( cont ’d ) I always think the rise be a nice touch ... on daredevil he close he fist around the rise as he realize . daredevil fallon ... ( continued ) 101 . continued : ( 2 ) fisk you have do you homework . fallon be a early employer of mine . some do not like to give the death blow . but I could kill aman just as soon as look at he . we hear the thunder outside and the sound of the rain increasing . daredevil turn towards the sound of the storm ... and we remember what he once say about the rain ... fisk ( cont 'd ) see you in hell . the kingpin raise he heavy cane over he head as daredevil summon he last ounce of strength and throws he billy club up to the ceiling . he miss fisk but strike ... a sprinkler head . the sprinkler sprays water down into the office as fisk look up , confuse . daredevil' Pov as the bead of water bounce down off of fisk 's massive body , show he now in perfect silhouette . just like elektra in the rain that day in the park . on fisk as he swing down with he cane -- but daredevil roll out of the way just in time ! fisk growls and swing again . but now daredevil can hear the splashing of he footstep . the swoosh of he heavy fist through the rain . fisk struggle to regain he balance as daredevil slide through he leg and scissor - kick he leg ! crack ! crack ! the mighty kingpin fall , crippled at the knee ! fisk aaahh ! new angle as both man lie batter on the floor . a beat . and then daredevil struggle to he foot . he eye fisk 's heavy cane . fisk ( cont 'd ) go on . ( continued ) 102 . continued : daredevil pick up the cane . fisk ( cont ‘d ) do it . daredevil raise the solid crystal set high in the air . the death blow . fisk smile through crack , bloody lip . | fisk ( cont ’d ) you see ? we be the same , you and I . daredevil stop . a long beat as fisk 's word hang in the air . he drop the cane to the floor as fisk 's smile fade . daredevil no . we hear the shout of the police , run up the step . but before they get there the door swing open revealing -- BEN urich . he look to daredevil ... urich you would better go . i'11 watch he ' till the cop arrive . daredevil why should I trust you ? urich because I know the truth ... daredevil stop . urich ( cont 'd ) justice be blind . off daredevil 's reaction we smash CUT to : the police barging into the office to see ... fisk on he knee in a pool of bloody water . urich lean against the desk calmly smoking a cigarette as manolis step in . ( continued ) 103 . continued : urich nothing to see here , Nick . manolis smirk . fisk glower from the floor . fisk you have get nothing on I ! urich funny thing about nothing . it usually turn out to be something . and then manolis call to he man : manolis bring he in ! fisk stare in disbelief as we see ... wesley be lead into the room in handcuffs . he point he lock hand at he bloody boss . wesley that 's he . the kingpin . urich smile . even manolis crack a grin . manolis somebody see if they can fit a pair of cuff on this tub of shit . ext . rooftop - night on daredevil as he open the palm of he hand to reveal ... the rose . he let it drop . and with it , the pain of the past . daredevil this one 's for you , dad . the rise strike the sidewalk in slow-motion as we fade out . 104 . fade in : int . coffee shop - day close - up newspaper the headline scream in the typical Post style : the real kingpin ? and below that : daredevil strike back ! - new angle where we see Matt and foggy have a cup of coffee . foggy ( read ) *... police say that although there be no eyewitness , they suspect daredevil be the one to bring fisk to justice . 's matt see ? no eyewitness . foggy do not tell I you be still a skeptic ? matt even bigfoot have eyewitness . foggy aw come on ... Matt laugh . and then : matt hey ... foggy glance up . matt ( cont 'd ) you do it . you get cordoza off . foggy '' yeah . I just wish I know what happen . urich will not tell I anything and neither will the police . I just hope this Welch guy get what 's come to he . Matt smile . matt he will ...