" 2001 maniac " '' 2003 New Rebellion ent. 1 . photo montage various sepia tone image of Matthew brady - type Civil War photograph . the final image be that of a makeshift graveyard . a fray confederate flag blow in the wind . dissolve to : int . northern university / classroom amphitheater - day the final image of the Civil War graveyard be now project on a classroom screen . college kide sit at they desk , glassy eye and open mouth . professor ackerman walk among they ; bearded , bespectacle and bewitch by he manic reverie . ackerman more american citizen , 618,002 to be exact , die in we own Civil War than in both of the so-called ... ( make quote with he finger ) ... " World Wars " combine . in the front row , a sexy african american coed mimic ackerman 's hand gesture . beside she sit anderson lee , the ultimate golden boy : charming , muscular body , sensitive eye ... basically , the model student , be he not fixate on the girl 's uncover thigh , a predicament which bring this shapely nymphet much amusement . ackerman now when we consider how the North end the Civil War with General sherman 's vindictive march through Georgia , he Union troops raping , looting , hell , annihilate dozen of small town sweep away in the carnage ... inexplicably , this information appear to turn on the coed , which , of course turn on Anderson ... and the Professor . ackerman ».- well , we can truly understand the rage , the betrayal the South feel towards the North , and , to some degree , still feel today . ackerman now notice a empty fast food box on Anderson 's desk . ackerman speak of carnage ... be that a carnoburger you get there , Anderson ? ( continued ) continued : anderson um ... yeah . ackerman do you know the meat in that six ounce patty most likely come from as many as 1000 different cow ? two row back sit cory jone , the close thing to a intellectual in the Northern U fraternity . half asleep , cory slump at he desk , unaware of the raging hard - on poke through he bilabong . nelson elliot , however , do notice . a uncompromising , unrelent ( and uncoordinate ) court jester , Nelson dump he pepsi Blue on cory 's crotch , jolting he from he daze . cory mommy !!!! the entire class turn to stare at cory . but not ackerman . he 's still on he roll ... ackerman the need to produce the cheapest product possible command that the fast food chain literally own the ... ( make quote with he finger " smiley meal " from its very birth . Anderson make the quote gesture to the teasing coed who once again giggle . wink . ackerman thus you carnoburger be bear a cow , and you chicknugget , a beakless , large breast mute . nelson sound like you sister , corndog ! cory Nelson ... lick my rim . the bell ring . book be gather . hi-five exchange . this kid be the fuck outta there . ackerman fine. good . go ! but the next time you all pig out , be aware ... you be what you eat ! ext . northern university campus - day we trio walk along the campus , inhale the fresh air . Nelson carry a boogie board . anderson oh , Northern -u , venerate dwelling place of that who get wait list at real college , we bid thee adieu for ten long day ... nelson of killer surf ... cory and genetically alter , ice cold brew ... nelson and fine ass ... a obscenely curvaceous coed walk by , brush the guy aside with obvious distaste . nelson ahem , mighty , fine ass ... she give Nelson the finger as she disappear . nelson that be pure sexual harassment . ext . faculty parking lot - day they arrive at the lot . top down , Anderson 's convertible muscle car sit at the end , park perpendicularly across two spot . several parking ticket grace the windshield . anderson this ticket be three week old . cory then they be probably no good . cory grab the ticket and put they on a late model volvo in the adjacent spot . Nelson begin tear off he clothes , ranting like the madman that he be . nelson bond with the boy ! stick it in the puss ! bond with the boy ... ( continued ) continued : down to he " Beach fun " swim trunk , Nelson hop round the lot . eternally immune , Anderson and cory focus on clear out the many beer bottle and junk food wrapper which clutter the otherwise spotless convertible . cory you know , dude , as excited as I be that now be now , you know , spring break , time to get savage by some slop-drunk " babe go Wild " hotty , I be also kinda realize that the deal of a major life experience like this be the " look forward to " , as oppose to the actual " do of " Anderson look blankly at cory . anderson corndog , have you be jack off with you mother 's hand créme again ? cory ( after a beat ) maybe just a little ... Professor ackerman arrive , arm full of book for the spring break '' read '' . he pause by the volvo ( which be , of course , he ) , and remove the ticket . ackerman congratulation , Mr. Lee , on be assign a spot in the faculty lot . ackerman study Anderson 's horrid parking job . amuse . ackerman be this what you call parking ... ( make quote with he finger -.. " outside the box " ? anderson hey , I like that ! ackerman hand Anderson the clump of ticket . ackerman too bad the meter maid do not . Nelson hop over , boogie board in tow . nelson yo , Professor ackerman ! I be just ... ( continued ) continued : ackerman I take it this will not be a trip devote to what Joseph Campbell refer to as the '' journey within 's ? cory oh , we plan to journey within , sir . just not inside a book . the African american coed from class enter the lot . Anderson pose and smile ... as the coed walk right past he to ackerman , seductively add she book to he pile . ackerman now , if you will excuse I , boy , I have my own noble quest to take care of . see you next Wednesday . ackerman load the girl into he car . the guy can only stare in awe . anderson it 's good to be the Professor . ext . northern university faculty parking lot - day a beat later ... the convertible back out of the lot . Anderson sit behind the wheel , cory ride shotgun . the half naked Nelson stand on the back seat , beach ball in hand , guide Anderson past they fellow student who dart out of the way . nelson Left ... Left ... right ... right ... bingo ! now point this fuck thing south , son ! ext . northern university - day the car hurl away from the school . let the road trip begin ! ext . highway ( northern landscape ) - day top down , the guy take in the smog fill freeway . nelson ( offscreen / sing ) waste I ! Lay my body bare ! waste I ! push my soul to care ! int . anderson's convertible ( drive ) - day Nelson strum a acoustic guitar in the back seat , warbling along to the radio . poorly . cory hey , Nelson . who sing this again ? nelson that would be my favorite new band , waste . cory right . so keep it that way . nelson oh , fuck you , corndog ! cory that 's witty . anderson enough , girl ! time for today 's " suck to be you " . nelson man ... cory bring it , baby . anderson okay , cory , since you be so up for it . you will either , a , star in a new reality show , which you discover too late be a gay version of " survivor " ... nelson brutal ! anderson ... and you one pair of tightie whity have a huge hole in the ass , a incredible turn - on for the all male cast , or ... nelson ouch !!! anderson ...- B , go down on chelsea Clinton in front of you entire family , s.c.s . ( continued ) continued : cory s.c.s .? anderson Stone cold sober , bro . cory wince . contemplate the implication of both . cory can not I just kill myself ? nelson you know the rule ! do not choose one , you get both . rammed on pleasure Island while eat out chelsea ! cory ( after much consideration ) butt Pirates , come and get it ! anderson that be time well spend . ext . highway ( southern landscape ) - day the car continue South . odd billboard dot the landscape : " the Blue and grey Motel " . " stonewall 's Civil War funpark " . " sambo 's flapjack - where johnny come march Home " . finally , there 's a signpost up ahead . " welcome to Georgia " . ext . glory glory gas -eluia filling station - late afternoon not much sun leave . the guy exit the car and stretch . look around . Nelson pump the gas . nelson man , I be so sick of drive through hick town on life support that have morphed into Civil War tourist attraction ! the whole point be get away from history class . cory chill , dude . I figure if we drive all night , we will be quaffing brews by four and boffing babe by five ! a man in tear overall walk by and spit at the guy ' foot . overall man and push up daise by midnight ... ( continued ) continued : just then , a banjo begin to play . on the front porch of the station , a young boy strum a familiar tune . he smile , he three good tooth show . encourage , Nelson grab he guitar from the convertible and begin strumm along . Anderson and cory join in , clapping and whistling . nelson go , banjo boy , go ! screech ! a silver mustang convertible , top down , skid into the station . one lucky dude sit behind the wheel , drive with two amazing babe . by the way they giggle and grope each other , it 's immediately clear there be some kind of '' wild thing '' between the three . nelson Holy ... the passenger door open . kat , a dark -haire , tattooe , belt - and - buckle vixen kick she way out and head for the mini-market . nelson ... shit . then it get worse as a blonde knockout hop from the back and stretch . this be joey , a self - contain packet of both sugar and spice . cory oh , God , bro . she 's perfect . anderson ( lock eye with joey she 's not you type , dude . trust I . nelson hey , man . I think Anderson just piss on you hydrant . undeterred , cory walk up to the car . ricky , the driver , nod . he look like he could be one of the backstreet boy - if one of they ever quit to sing lead for the sex pistol . cory what 's up , dude ? ricky just , you know , a little road trip with the lady . name 's ricky . cory ignore . check out joey . she smile . ( continued ) continued : joey where you guy head ? cory oh , ah ... I get a buddy in daytona with a beach house . on the beach . joey really . a beach house on the beach ? cory yep . joey and in daytona , no less . must be fate , huh , Rick ? ricky must be . cuz , we be head there manana . right , Kitty kat ? kat 's arrive with chip and soda . she look cory over . kat after tonight , of course , when we violate yet another motel room . and each other . kat wink . growl . cory swallow hard . cory cool . well , ah ... we should all hook up when you guy hit town . ricky good idea . we should all hook up . kat you get a number , hon ? cory yeah . sure ... um , you would not happen to have a pen ... or paper ? joey ( eye still fix on Anderson ) who need paper ? joey lift she shirt to expose a incredible pierce belly . jaw drop . ricky laugh as he and kat get back in the car . ricky he 's do . ( continued ) 10 . continued : Anderson make he move , marker in hand , brush past cory . joey smile . now this be more like it . Anderson kneel down , coolly write he number on she amazing abs . joey you do not tell I you name . cory ( flustered ) corndog . I mean ... cory . be not talk to he . joey stare down at Anderson . anderson Anderson . joey whenever you be finish ... he be , but it 's just so great down there . joey ... Anderson . he finally stand . joey get into the car with the other . anderson what about you name ? joey I will tell you ... if I call . ricky later , corndog . ricky gun the engine . the mustang take off . nelson be that a score ? I can not really say . cory she will call ... she want the house . Anderson smirk , toss Nelson the key . Notes overall man leer , munch on a shoefly scrape off the dashboard . anderson we be in deliverance country now , Nelson , so unless you be into squealing like porky pig 's love bitch , none of you short cut ! ( continued ) 11 . continued : nelson you know , you guy have no faith . the three pile into the convertible and head off , coating banjo Boy with dust as he continue he tune undaunted . overall man chew . cackle . overall man ... and push up daisy by midnight ! dissolve to : ext . highway ( southern landscape ) - night the full moon loom in the midnight sky , lording over all . int / ext . anderson's convertible ( drive ) - night Nelson try to keep he eye open . the other guy be out cold . he fumble with the radio . nothing but Southern preacher and bad country music . a weird song about how " the South be gonna rise again " . nelson hey , corndog ? what 's " quaffing " ? no response . his eyelid lower . nelson be that Latin or something ? kapow !! Tire blowout ! the car veer leave . right . stop . nelson shit! ext . highway - night dark. desolate . Nelson kneel before the shred tire . nelson uh , fella . a little help here . from inside the convertible , Anderson and cory stir , kick over they empty beer bottle . the only sound to be hear ... other than the mournful howling of wild coyote ! fluster , Nelson begin to rock the car back and forth . nelson yoo hoo ! oh , boy !!!!! ( continued ) 12 . continued : Nelson stop shaking the car . silence . then footstep . nelson sorry to disturb you sorry ass , corndog , but I could really use ... Nelson look up from he kneel position . overall man stand directly above , he froth mouth fix in a twisted grin ! his hand clutch the banjo , hold high like a club . overall man it 's midnight ! thwack ! overall man bring the banjo down hard , crack Nelson 's head against the hubcap . Nelson crumple back onto the road , brain spilling from he shattered skull ... int / ext . anderson's convertible ( drive ) - night Nelson wake with a start from what have be he nightmare . up ahead , a flame torch burn brightly , illuminate a wooden sign smack dab in the middle of the road . he slam on the brake , nearly hit this crudely paint detour sign . a large arrow point to a dirt clear on the right . Nelson sit at the wheel . catch he breath . the guy have not even stir . with little choice , Nelson follow the sign 's direction , turn off the freeway onto the path . ext . dirt road - night Nelson navigate the convertible along the very narrow , very dark dirt road . nelson think we should turn around ? he look at he two buddy . Dead drunk . int / ext . anderson's convertible ( drive ) - night Nelson drive a few more yard . wipe he eye . nelson Way to stay up with I , guy . too tired to continue , Nelson pull over , do for the night . dissolve to : 13. ext . country road - day the convertible rest on the side of the road . int . anderson's convertible - day the guy be fast asleep . Anderson be the first to wake . he shove Nelson , who rouse with a fart . nelson wassup ...? anderson why do I have a feel we be not on the highway anymore ? from behind , cory stir , oblivious to the morning wood say " hello " through he baggy short . cory do not even tell I you take one of you friggin ' short cut ! nelson chill out , pinocchio . there be a detour sign point this way , okay ? anderson detour sign ? nelson hey , man , I try to wake you ass . it 's you fault , too . kind of ... anderson my fault ? nelson yeah , you fault ! if you have not say shit about be porky pig 's love bitch , I would 'a never have this frigging nightmare ... cory let I get this . you have a bad dream , and that 's why we be here ? nelson yeah . no ... it be the detour sign ! look , I get kill in that dream . that be not suppose to happen . ( continued ) 14 . continued : cory whatever . nelson I only drive a couple mile , anyway . Anderson spot something in the distance . anderson look like there 's a town up ahead . let 's grab some chow and figure out where the hell we be . ext . country road - day the convertible drive down the road , pass a road sign bear the legend " you be now enter pleasant Valley " . ext . pleasant valley town square - day look like a county fair be in progress . hundred of southerner of all age fill the area ; eat pie , roasting corn and dance square . confederate flag abound . int . anderson's convertible ( moving ) - day top down , the convertible roll under a banner proclaim " pleasant Valley . population 2001 " . cory must be a holiday . nelson be today passover or something ? anderson you truly be a moron , Nelson . ext . pleasant valley town square - day flanke by two strolling minstrel , a official - look , goateed gentleman walk over to the car . a black patch emblazon with the confederate flag cover he leave eye . mayor GEORGE W. buckman . mayor buckman welcome to pleasant Valley ! the guy take in the scene , unsure what to think . ( continued ) 15 . continued : mayor buckman do not be a wet ding do , fella ! buckman 's the name . Mayor 's my game ! now why do not y'all give we a howdy doo ? buckman hold out he hand , hospitable and friendly - like . the guy shrug . step out of the car . why not ... anderson Anderson Lee . Nice to meet you , sir . my two bud here go by ... eager townsfolk swarm the trio , shaking hand , patting back . mayor buckman Anderson Lee ! what a beautiful surname ! ya be not from the south , be ya ? anderson ( slip into Southern accent ) bear and breed , sir . live in South Carolina till freshman year ... mayor buckman but ya move to the other side , I see ! well , ya might be savable yet . ya see , you and you compatriot have arrive just in time to be this year 's guest of honor ! a ovation greet the news . mayor buckman and lookie here , look like we have get more honore guest fresh on the way ! the silver mustang , top down , pull into town . ricky , joey and kat trade look with we threesome , equally confuse . ricky be this some hillbilly reality show type thing ? mayor buckman Friends , for the next two day it 's gonna be one big party ! nothing but dance , game , a good old fashioned barrel roll ... and best of all , we world famous barbecue ! explosion of cheer . ( continued ) 16 . continued : nelson ( low , to he bud ) I say we get the hell out of dodge . this people be freak . cory well that sure be freaky in all the right place ! cory point out a young girl suck a lollipop . pure Southern jailbait in tank top and cutoff , she stand behind a wooden stall : the " John wilk kiss Booth " . prancing over , she remove she lolli and smile ... revealing the worse set of chopper ever see by man ! peach hey , stud ! jailbait , er , peach , lean on the hood , flash she perky cleavage . cory be hook , buckteeth and all . peach you be kinda cute . cory um , hi ..... anderson easy , corndog . fourteen will get you twenty . nelson in what ? Dental prison ? Mayor buckman put he arm around peaches . mayor buckman like I say , boy , all ya need gonna be meet . ai not that right , peaches ?! the mustang gang walk over to the boy . joey pick out Anderson with she deadly smile . joey hey , I be game for anything . kat we have do crazier . anderson ( stare at joey ) we will stay if you guy stay . ( continued ) 17 . continued : joey grin . nod affirmative . the Mayor step in . mayor buckman then it 's settle ! let 's show we guest some Southern hospitality ! from the distance , a roar be hear . everyone look towards a approach plume of dust . it 's a motorcycle , head for town . all eye upon they , the bike 's leather clad rider come to a stop , then slowly remove they helmet . the driver , malcolm , be black . leah , he partner , be asian . the townsfolk gasp . malcolm what the hell kinda detour be this ? stun silence . finally , Mayor buckman regains composure . mayor buckman juda priest ! if we be not get we two more yank for the Festival ! and a negra and a chinaman to boot ! malcolm easy with the ethnic slander , cracker Joe ! leah shake loose she long , flow black hair . leah and that 's chinawoman . mayor buckman and what a woman ! well do not just stand around folk ! we get room at granny 's fix to wait for you ! the silence turn to cheering as the minstrel begin to play . the townsfolk envelop the guest , carry they to the hotel like conquer heroes . everyone , malcolm and leah include , have little choice but to go with the flow . int . granny boone's HOTEL / MAIN hall - day the eight guest enter a old fashioned , cozy hotel . thing be look up . counter overflow with tasty Southern treat ; fry chicken , peach cobbler , watermelon . a black , bug - eyed busboy offer malcolm a big , juicy slice . malcolm I do not think so , amo . ( continued ) 18 . continued : two absolutely gorgeous girl , hester and glendora , walk over to Anderson , Nelson and cory . they could be twin . hester I be hester , and this be glendora . cory corndog . the girl giggle . cory I mean cory . dammit ! glendora granny boone say we be ' spose to show you to you room , corncob ! anderson make sure you show " corncob " the bed . the girl giggle again . cory they actually think you be funny . anderson guess you just have to be a Southern intellectual to get my humor . ext . rooster cock SALOON - day a strange sign adorn the rickety old drinkin ' place . int . rooster cock SALOON - day Mayor buckman pace behind the bar . rufus and lester , he hillbilly son , sit dutifully before he , both young and hunky , both dumb as door nail . besides lester lie jezebel , he large , loyal , shabby sheep . mayor buckman now boy , I do not know how in the hell you let that two devil in ... rufus it be lester 's fault , daddy . he do forget to take down the detour sign after that fine automobile with they titty bitty go by ! ( continued ) 19 . continued : mayor buckman Jesus Christ on a cracker ! lester oh , daddy , please do not hate I none ! I be so work up when I see that titty , bounce up and down , jiggling leave and right ... mayor buckman all right , all right . save it for you spanking , son ! Lord know I do not cater to waitin ' on a darkie and a yella , but in service of the Festival ... he look at a old , wooden cross on the wall and nod to it , clasp he hand in prayer . mayor buckman well , it will all be over soon . rufus look like miss peaches snag one of they yankee boy already ! lester I get my eye on that perty one with they leg lead up to they tender buttock ! mayor buckman leave she to harper , boy . that tasty dish be not get a fightin ' chance once he walk up on she . be I right or be I right ? rufus / lester you be right , daddy ! mayor buckman good . now , let 's commence to hostin' . ext . granny boone's HOTEL - day the strol minstrel sing they song below the mustang gang 's window , a woeful ballad about runaway slave , horse die and the Civil war. 20 . int . mustang trio' HOTEL room - day joey stare out the window listen to the tune . behind she , kat and ricky check out the room 's three single bed . joey Jesus Christ , be this the biggest goof ever or what ? kat the welcoming committee , or that this hick actually think we be gonna sleep in separate bed ? ricky talk about Southern discomfort ... kat and ricky push they two bed together ( they have do this before ) . kat grab ricky 's crotch and pull he close for a wet kiss . joey watch amused as ricky grope kat 's ass , draw she in to they erotic embrace . kat I say we hang out , grab whatever we can , and then blow . ricky the whole town ? or just that frat boy ? kat do not worry , ricky . I will save one for you . hmmm ... just then , a knock . kat break free and open the door to find a well stock , handsome young man . his hair be slicked back . look like he 's try to dress for the occasion . this be harper alexander , pleasant Valley 's very own Clark gable . he clear he throat . harper on behalf of we little town , I be here to welcome ya and invite ya to take in some of we sight . ricky ( under he breath ) I will wrestle you for he ... harper what 's that ? ( continued ) 21 . continued : kat nothing . just ignore he . she grab hold of he arm . kat dang , you have get some muscle there , jethro ! harper it 's harper , ma'am . harper Alexander . kat I be kat. just kat . as in pussy ... this be joey and ricky . harper extend a hand to ricky who attempt a rocker handshake , much to harper 's stone face bewilderment . ricky what 's up , stud ? want to show I around this place ? harper let ricky 's hand go . harper actually , if miss pussy kat be willing , the sun sure look mighty nice reflectin ' on the lake right " bout now ... kat miss pussy kat be more than willing . harper well then , I guess I will be see you other fine folk at the Festival . joey do not do anything we would not do . kat exit with harper . the door shut . ricky ponder . ricky be there anything we would not do ? int . malcolm and leah HOTEL room - day leah watch amused as malcolm draw devil horn on a frame portrait of a beam Robert E. lee. catch they red - hand , rufus ( in Bell hop uniform ) enter with the couple 's helmet and place they on the antique dresser . ( continued ) continued : 22. rufus any more luggage , boy ? malcolm glare at leah . do he really hear that right ? rufus move rufus nod , leah usher malcolm " Boy " ?! you muthafuckas ever hear of the civil rights movement ? rufus be that anything like a bowel movement ? malcolm say what ? leah chill , baby . I do not think we Bell hick be play with a full deck . to the bed and turn down the sheet . rufus granny boone do wash would up some fresh sheet for ya ! malcolm I guess you people be do wear " they , huh ? rufus granny boone say we gotta please all the Festival guest . even you . malcolm ( do a shuffle like amo or Andy ) well , we would not want to piss off old granny boone , now , would we ? pleased with malcolm 's positive " new " attitude . rufus well , okay then . now do not forget . Supper 's at 7 pm sharp . granny hate tardiness . leah ( mock Southern accent ) then y'all best leave we to prepare . the " Bell hop " out the door . alone at last ! ( continued ) continued : they embrai ext . grann Anderson , glendora a ! cory lean 23. malcolm damn , leah . the shit I gotta put up with for a free goddamn meal ! I mean , what century be this people live in ? leah oh , come on , malcolm . a little old fashioned hospitality might be fun . malcolm fuck old fashioned hospitality . leah I would rather fuck you ... ce and fall on the bed , white sheet and all . y boone's HOTEL / front porch - day cory and Nelson relax in wooden chair as hester , no peaches respectively cool they off with fan . nelson I ever tell you guy how much I love Civil War tourist attraction ? cory well , I say to hell with daytona . anderson ( slight Southern accent I , sir , be in accordance . cory you know , dude , I never know you be Southern . anderson I never tell you ? I be raise by my aunt Charlotte . she be old school Southern . very dignify . taught I to open door for the lady and say , " yes , mar 'am . why , no , ma'am . " nelson you sure un - learn that shit fast ! over and hi-five . anderson it 's still in I . in the background . 24 , ext . pleasant valley town square / church / oak tree — day kat and harper stroll arm in arm through town , where time truly seem to have stand still . the Ice cream parlor .. the barber shop ... the Whore House ( yep ) ! townsfolk pause to wave hello ( the blacksmith and butcher among they ) , all sunshine and smile . kat feel like I be at disneyland or something . harper now , miss pussy kat , you know this be Georgia . kat everyone 's so damn polite and smiley . what 's up with that ? someone put prozac in the water ? harper well , gosh , miss pussy ... kat harper , just try call I kat . miss pussy sound so formal . harper well ... kat ... I can not speak for my good neighbor , but speak for myself , how could one not but smile whilst in the company of a beautiful Northern sophistocrat like yourself . kat let 's go of harper 's arm and turn to face he . kat you be either the most romantic guy I have ever meet , or you be completely full of shit ! with that , kat throw herself on harper , plant a big wet one smack dab on he face . dumbfound , harper take she hand and walk on ... 25 . ext . granny boone's HOTEL / front porch - day lester march to and for out on the street , proudly piping " when johnny come march Home " on he wooden flute . Jezebel strut behind he , dress in rebel military garb , complete with a tiny holster and pop gun . atop she head rest a confederate hat , wear at a jaunty angle . from the porch , Anderson rise and salute . anderson as you be , private ! lester salute back as he pass , visibly move . lester thank you , sir ! the girl giggle up a storm . from behind the girl ' fan , granny boone suddenly appear , magically , as if from thin air . gray-haire and bespectacle , full tray of beverage in tow , granny be the archetypal Southern matron , save for the mangy coonskin cap perpetually perch atop she head . granny boone anyone for fresh lemonade ? the boy rise , a bit startle , yet forthcoming in manners nonetheless . anderson do not tell I . you must be miss boone ! nelson miss boone , from the bottom of we heart , we thank you for such fine accommodation ! granny now , do not make I blush ! and that 's granny to you , sonny boy . just then , a loud screech interrupt the pleasantry . a calico cat scurries across the porch , follow by a scruffy , freckle twelve year old . this be hucklebilly . hucklebilly goshdangit ! she 's get away ! the guy join hucklebilly in pursuit of the cat , a chase which lead around back ... 26 . ext . church - day kat and harper stand before a old oak tree near a tiny church , a vision right out of " go with the wind " . harper survey the scenery , lose in reverie . harper my daddy propose to my momma right here on this spot . kat my daddy propose to my mom in the back of a ' 69 chevy . harper remain absent in he thought . kat fiddle with he belt , undoing the buckle . harper of course , that be before the trouble . before all that fire do burnt this spot to the ground . kat reach down into harper 's pants . kat oh , I can feel that fire now ... harper life always find a way to push itself up through death , miss kat . kat feel like something else try to push its way through now , baby ... kat stroke harper down below . he finally respond flash a killer smile , place he hand on she backside . she swoon as he slide down she short , expose a winge unicorn tattooe on she butt . harper ya like horse ? ext . granny boone's HOTEL / backyard - day Anderson , cory and Nelson form a gauntlet as hucklebilly approach he cornere cat , hover in the corner . hucklebilly here , kitty kitty ... ( continued ) 27 . continued : hucklebilly charge , fall flat on he face . the cat break for freedom , but Anderson be quick . he dive , sideways , carefully scoop up the frighten feline . nelson ( mock sport announcer ) Anderson Lee , once again prove why he 's Northern - U 's number one goalie ... cory cheer as Anderson hand the cat off to hucklebilly . the kid flexe he arm . hucklebilly I think I break my elby bone . anderson Nah , you will be fine , bro . just walk it off . hucklebilly thanks , mister . name 's hucklebilly . cory what 's up , huckleberry . hucklebilly it 's hucklebilly , dumb ass . nelson damn . feisty little fella . hucklebilly y'all wanna play a game with I ? anderson I do not know , hucklebilly , we kinda get some young lady wait for we out front , if you know what I mean . hucklebilly oh , the heck with it then .... Little hucklebilly turn and walk away , about to cry . awww ... anderson okay . you win . whaddya get in mind ? the boy turn , grin . in he right hand he hold kitty by the scruff of she neck . in the other , a small noose . ( continued ) 28 . continued : hucklebilly it 's call " kill the Kitty " see , kitty 's be bad . Real bad . and I be gonna lynch she . y'all can be the witness ... anderson whoa ... whoa ... wait a second ! now what would you mother think if you hurt that poor little kitty ? hucklebilly my momma ? mister , my momma give I a silver dollar for every break neck pussy I bring home ! the guy ( and the cat ) look at each other in disbelief . int . horse barn - dusk the barn door bust open . harper enter with kat , pull she by the hand to a pile of hay on which they tumble . horse whinny and nay as the two roll around and make out . kat make I scream that rebel yell ! harper now that I can guarantee . in fact .. a man inspire , harper get up and start tinkering around the barn . kat make herself comfortable in the hay . harper ... you just lie right there ! kat whatever you say , lover man . harper finally return . he bend down next to kat and begin gingerly tie a twine rope around she leave hand . kat I do not know my southern gentleman have a touch of kink in he . harper tie another rope around kat 's right hand . harper well if kink mean a hunger for you , mar 'am , than that he do . ( continued ) 29 . continued : more rope go around kat 's leave ankle . harper now , I know you city folk think we country boy naive in the way of love ... and now the last bit of rope go around she right ankle . harper ... but we be not as innocent as you might think . harper stand to admire he handiwork . kat be completely tie up , she leg and arm spread-eagled . for the first time , she realize that the other end of the rope be fastened to the saddle of four very restless horse . the animal move forward , lift kat into the air as the rope be pull taut . kat uh , harper ... this be not exactly what I have in mind , baby . harper frankly , miss pussy , I do not give a damn . with that , harper pull a antique pistol from he waistband . bam ! startle , the horse gallop off in four opposite direction , take with they kat 's arm and leg which be violently tear from they lengthen socket !!! harper yee haw ! have be lift in the air by the rope , kat 's severe torso now land with a thud , shock forever etched on she blood gush mouth . ext . horse barn - dusk the horse gallop through the rustic landscape , kat 's severe limb drag behind they . off in the distance , the clang of a dinner triangle can be hear , granny boone 's shrill call for supper . granny boone ( os ) come and get it ! come and get it ! 30 . int . granny boone's HOTEL / MAIN hall - night everyone sit around a large table at place especially set for they . Anderson ... cory ... Nelson ... joey ... ricky ... malcolm ... leah ... yet no sign of kat , just a empty chair . Mayor buckman and he son , sit among the guest , as do hester and glendora . at the head of the table , granny boone hold court , proud of the bountiful feast she guest now devour amid SMALL talk . granny I know it 's not etiquette to eat without everyone present , but a little birdie advise I you perky friend might just be a bit tardy . mayor buckman ai not that the truth . harper Alexander do go and sweep she off she foot ! ricky lucky bitch . granny hurl a hot biscuit , nail ricky in the head . granny Young man , guest or no guest , I will not tolerate swear at my table ! joey please forgive ricky , miss boone . jealousy often get in the way of he manners . cory jealousy ? ricky dude , kat always bag the fine boy first . just once I wish she be the one eat sloppy second . Mayor buckman choke on he food . so do malcolm , who taste something strange in he meat . malcolm not to change the subject , but what kind of barbecue we eat anyways ? granny rump roast . a old family recipe . ( continued ) 31 . continued : ricky turn over he meat with he fork . what look like the tattoo of a winge unicorn can clearly be see . ricky , however , do not notice , swallow it whole . granny well there 's certainly more where that come from ! now who want some elderberry wine ? a round of raise hand and laughter greet granny 's query . dissolve to : int . granny boone's HOTEL / MAIN hall - night later ... the wine have kick in and loosen tongue . granny boone play the piano while hester and glendora do a slow dance for a grateful cory and Nelson , who rest in easy chair chow down pecan pie . a buxom waitress ( let 's call she the milk maiden ) saunter over with two extra large pitcher of whole milk . she flash Nelson a big grin , careful to give he a view of she considerable endowment . milk maiden May I offer you some fresh milk with you pie ? nelson um ... I think you just do . Nelson turn to cory . nelson / cory ( in unison ) Holy mother of God ! ext . granny boone's HOTEL / front porch - night joey relax on the porch swing , sip wine . Anderson approach , obviously souse . anderson think I would give you a address to go along with that phone number . joey turn , smile and slowly lift up she shirt expose that luscious , pierce belly . yum . ( continued ) 32 . continued : joey you get a pen ? Anderson grin . hold up he trusty magic marker . anderson former cub scout . third class . always come prepare ! joey well , you be certainly good at pitching a tent . he look down . sure enough . with that , Anderson ease joey back onto the swing and the two lock lip . he begin softly write on she belly . lower .. lower .. squirm .. moan .. int . granny boone's HOTEL / kitchen - night Mayor buckman form a huddle with rufus and lester . hucklebilly sit on the counter wear oven mitt and cover in cat scratch . Jezebel lie on the floor . mayor buckman son , as you know , harper do do he part with that yankee philly . time 's now come for you to do yours . just then , lester notice hucklebilly work on a much larger noose than usual . lester that 's a mighty big noose for a cat , hucklebilly ! hucklebilly who say it 's for a cat , hotlip ? lester why , if you even think of harm one feather on Jezebel 's head ... mayor buckman lester , shut you mouth ! you know , I have be meaning to talk to you about jizzabel anyway . I mean , damn , boy . this thing be gettin ' out of hand . it 's unnatural , be what it be . lester why , I be insulted , daddy . surprise by you innuendo . ( continued ) 33 . continued : mayor buckman be that thing at least a girlie ? lester she 's a woman to you , sir . now , if you will excuse I ... int . granny boone's HOTEL / MAIN hall - night malcolm , leah and ricky sit at the table , deal card and toss back shot . lester dart by , follow by Jezebel . then ... the milk maiden , follow by Nelson . malcolm I must say . there 's nothing quite as determine as a sheep on a mission . leah or a horny frat boy . ricky know what I always say ? only difference between a frat boy and a gay boy be a six pack of beer . leah laugh , clinking she shot glass with ricky 's . as she do so , malcolm catch ricky check out leah 's ample asset ( not that ricky be be all that sly about it ) . malcolm brother , you need to pick side ! ricky smile and shrug . what can he say ? now they all laugh and throw back a shot . malcolm damn , I bet Robert E. Lee would shit in he muthafuckin ' grave if he could see we three : the united color of bennetton . Black , yellow ... and pink ! int . granny boone's HOTEL / kitchen - night still stunne , buckman attempt to regain he composure . mayor buckman remind I to shoot the blacksmith , please , cuz you and you brother sure as shit do not spring from my loin ! ( continued ) 34 . continued : rufus I will , daddy . mayor buckman and you tell lester one of you 's gotta fall in with that sissy boy . I know it go against the Lord ... rufus leap to he foot . happy to help . Way too happy . rufus let I do it , daddy ! buckman grimace . slap rufus with he hat . mayor buckman goddammit , rufus ! that be not nothin ' to get excited about ! granny boone walk in carry a empty tray . granny what 's with all this hollerin' ? mayor buckman oh , nuthin ' but my boy clamorin ' for more of they tasty treat of yours ! granny aw , you fella gonna make I blush ! well , go on , hucklebilly , show them what we get cookin ' ! energize , hucklebilly open the oven door and pull out a piping hot bake tin . it 's a beautifully golden crust pie - complete with a calico cat tail poke up through the dough . hucklebilly one kitty crumb cake comin ' up !!! ext . granny boone's HOTEL / front porch - night joey lean back on the swing as Anderson go to work . thing be really get hot . and then Nelson walk out . can you say buzz kill ? nelson a chick with two milk jug walk by ? joey yeah . she be head for the cow pasture cry you name . ( continued ) 35 . continued : joey get up from the swing and give Anderson a wink . joey guess I will leave you two alone . anderson let I know when you want my zip code ... she walk inside , glide past a buzze cory on he way out . cory gentleman , how about a toast ! nelson not now . I be think about " she " . cory why , Nelson , I be surprised at you . what happen to bros before hoe ? anderson guess that go out with the secret handshake . hit I , bartender . cory produce a bottle of Jack Daniels and three shot glass . they each take a glass as he pour . anderson to friendship , and the tie that bind . in this case , the fine folk of pleasant Valley . they down they drink and toss the glass to the street . anderson that be a moment . nelson dude . tell Anderson about that jug . cory they be definitely mound to reckon with . nelson um , actually , I be talk about that pitcher of white , creamy milk she be carry . cory and Anderson shoot Nelson a look . ( continued ) 36 . continued : nelson okay , of course I be talk about she tit . I mean , God ! do you see that melon ? that ripe orb ... ( hold he hand out , squeezing ) ...of nectar . that juicy orb ... Nelson turn . joey stand in the doorway . watch he . nelson ...of venus. um. yeah . drudge report say the orb of venus be head towards Earth . might even collide . joey hey , Anderson . you still wanna play post office ? anderson why , yes , mar 'am , I do . Anderson grin , pat he chum on the back and dash inside with joey . nelson fuck I ! cory I be not that drunk . int . granny boone's HOTEL / MAIN hall - night ricky sit at the dining table arm wrestle with rufus . malcolm and leah cheer they on . cory and Nelson enter just as ricky win the match . he spot they and wink . nelson Christ . even he 's gonna get laid . a giggle hester and glendora flank cory from behind . the girl hook they arm through cory , who absolutely cannot believe he good fortune . they lead he upstairs . nelson I think you say bros before hoe ? Nelson slump on the step in defeat . trail cory , the rest of the gang parade past he and up the stair . leah do not whack it too hard . ( continued ) 37 . continued : over at the piano , Mayor buckman put he arm around granny boone and smile knowingly as she finish up she song . mayor buckman and to all a goodnight ... gratuitous sex montage int . anderson's HOTEL room - night Anderson and joey play ' post office ' the way it should be play : half - naked on a bear skin rug in front of a glow fireplace . they take turn write random address and phone number on the other 's quivering flesh . Anderson use he magic marker , joey she lipstick ... joey lick a postage stamp , then place it on Anderson 's chest as the two embrace , sealing the moment . int . malcolm and leah HOTEL room - night malcolm and leah playfully kick -box , a S&M duo clad in leather underwear , biker boot and helmet . they kick , then kiss . kick . kiss . and then they produce riding crop , swatting each other , impressed by the other 's prowess . malcolm slice leah 's halter top , which fall to the floor . topless , she leap onto malcolm , knock he to the bed ... int . cory' HOTEL room - night cory sit on one side of the bed while hester and glendora sit on the other . hester undress glendora . glendora undress hester . cory undress himself . and then the two girl begin make out ! his dream come true , cory dive in ... only to be push away ! excitement turn to lament as it quickly become apparent he service be not require . int . mustang trio' HOTEL room - night a confederate flag drape over he naked form , ricky kick back with a glass of wine , nodd in approval as rufus shyly undress before he . off with he right boot . off with the leave . and then off with the overall . ricky choke on he wine , grab the bottle for another swig . this " abner " sure be not little ! 38 . int . nelson's HOTEL room - night Nelson lie in he bed flog the bishop . his solo bliss be jolted by a rock smash through the window . Boxer brief catch round he ankle , he open the blind . ext . granny boone's HOTEL / backyard - night yessss ! hiding behind a bush be none other than the ultra vixen milk maiden , dress to kill in a garter and bustier . milk maiden surprise ! nelson you have no idea how glad I be that you be here , mar 'am . I have be think about you all night ! the milk maiden giggle and point . Nelson look down at he bulg boxer ... whoops ! int . nelson's HOTEL room - night turn from the window , Nelson hike up he boxer . toss he kleenex into the trash . frantic . milk maiden ( os ) you gonna invite I in ? or just stand there play with yourself ? nelson Hell , yeah I be gonna invite you in ... now " decent " , Nelson turn to find the milk maiden stand directly behind he ! ( how the hell she get there so fast ?!) she cradle a milk jug to she bosom , as well as a long tube and funnel . Nelson be mesmerize . nelson get milk ? heh heh ... the milk maiden smile . pushes Nelson down on the bed , straddle he waist . begins untying she satin bustier . nelson I know . bad joke . " get milk ? " like you have never hear that one before ... ( continued ) 39 . continued : the bustier fall to the floor . she 's half naked . wow ! Nelson ogle she voluptuous breast as she slowly begin to caress they . nelson so , ah . you want to get to know each other a little bit maybe ...? she shake she head , bring the rubber tube to she mouth and lick the end , never once take she eye off nelson's . nelson okay ... that 's cool . I love milk . always have . Mom never have to say to I , " drink up you milk , poopy " Super vixen undulate she hip , grind into he crotch . nelson um . my mom use to call I " poopy " . Long story . milk maiden honey , you want to talk ? or have a little fun ? she now place the milk jug on he chest . Nelson can barely keep from busting a nut . nelson ah ... have some fun ? milk maiden that 's what I think . with that , the milk maiden shove the end of the rubber tube into he mouth . he spit it out . nelson whoa , what 's that ? a milk bong ? milk maiden silly , boy . this be special moonshine I make just for you . you gonna suck it ? nelson look , moonshine 's not really my ... Nelson mumble in protest but the maiden be hard to resist . she shove the tube further down he throat , lick she lip . milk maiden be you a boy ... or a man ? ( continued ) 40 . continued : nelson ( muffle ) man , goddammit ! milk maiden then suck , mister man !!! nelson ( muffle ) fuck it ! whatever you say ! milk I , baby ! face with the challenge , Nelson muster he strength and suck the tube with all he might . as the liquid make its way into he mouth , he eye begin to bulge . something be not right ! he try to shake off the tube , but the milk maiden only push it down he throat further , laugh . Nelson thrashes about as he throat and chest begin to bubble from the inside out . the flesh melt , expose he innard . eventually , Nelson 's gyration come to a halt . the milk maiden hold the jug up to he lifeless eye . the childish scrawl on the label spell " acid " . milk maiden I just hate a fella who can not hold he liquor . ext . granny boone's HOTEL - day sitting on the front porch , the strol minstrel perform " the South be gonna rise again " with gleeful vigor . strolling minstrel ( sing ) yeeeeee haaaaaw ! oh , yes , the South be surely gonna rise again ! int . granny boone's HOTEL dine room - day malcolm and leah be seat by the bug-ey busboy at a empty table prepare for the ' guest of honor ' . granny hustle about , smile and make sure everything be " just right " . outside , the minstrel continue they song . malcolm ( to the busboy ) think you can get that wander minstrel to play some snoop dogg ? ( continued ) 41 . continued : the busboy walk off , shaking he head . malcolm look across the room . malcolm damn ! at the staircase Anderson and joey walk down the stair , arm in arm . granny erupt in applause . the two cringe at the over enthusiasm . at the table joey and Anderson sit down . they have definitely bond . malcolm look like cupid 's arrow hit somebody in the ass last night ! joey never know Connecticut have so many zip code . malcolm damn ! everyone look at malcolm , who have spot ... at the staircase cory arrive with hester and glendora . flash a shit eat grin ( to hide he pain ) , he pat the girl on the rear , then join everyone at the table . at the table cory grab a platter heape with food . malcolm I guess every dog do have he day . cory you know , it 's really hard to comprehend Southern hospitality until you have experience it . mayor buckman ( booming voice ) and there 's plenty more where that come from , son ! ( continued ) 42 . continued : Mayor buckman enter from the kitchen with he usual fanfare , arm around a perky peaches . granny boone smile at he lovingly . mayor buckman I reckon y'all be in store for more hospitality than you will know what to do with ! ai not that right , miss peaches ? peaches nod . giggles . peach that 's right . I will supply the peach , if you boy supply the cream ! int . malcolm and leah HOTEL room - day empty room . the door open . Little hucklebilly sneak inside carry a burlap sack . on tip toe , he snoops around . the night stand . the dresser . the drawer . bingo ! he remove a cell phone and pager , dump they in the sack . int . granny boone's HOTEL dine room - day ricky enter with rufus . they exchange a quick look as rufus quickly sneak past buckman into the kitchen . buckman can not help but notice he son be walk kinda funny . he follow he inside . malcolm damn ! anderson look like cupid 's arrow truly do hit someone in the ass ... whack ! granny slam Anderson 's hand with a serve spoon . granny boone dear Lord , the language ! ricky sit down . cory stop munch bacon just long enough to ask a question . cory anybody see Nelson or kat ? ricky now that you mention it ... ( continued ) 43 . continued : joey you do not think they ... harper Alexander enter from outside , walk over and take a seat . peaches promptly sit besides he . harper g'day , friend . honore to see you all again . ricky so what do you do with Kitty kat , big guy ? harper why I do not get to do anything , mister . that big , rough and tumble Connecticut boy steal she from I ! anderson Nelson ?!?! cory no way ! harper sure enough . I be do my best to court she proper , but that boy just cut right in . harper lock eye with Anderson . harper you really should try the blood sausage . granny ground up a brand new heap just for you . harper gobbles a large , bloody link , then wash it down with Anderson 's glass of milk . everyone watch , aghast . int . malcolm and leah HOTEL room - day hucklebilly search the closet . find malcolm 's leather jacket , he rifle through the pocket , grab the key . he turn to leave when he hear a commotion from down the hall . sack in tow , he slide under the bed as the whole gang enter . cory think there 's a honor bar in here ? malcolm sure . right next to the cable remote . ( continued ) 44 , continued : malcolm pull out a bag of weed and toss it to leah . everyone settles in as she fire up a joint , draw a hit , then pass it to joey . leah lady first . joey hand the joint to ricky . he flip she the bird . ricky this place be gonna be a trip , baked ! leah like it be not trippy enough ? what 's the deal with this people anyway ? anderson oh , come on now . admit it . you guy just be not use to old fashioned , unspoil , genuine Southern manners . malcolm take a huge hit . hand what 's leave to cory . joey I wonder what kat and you buddy Nelson be up to . anderson Nelson ? he will show . trust I . dude can smell torque at two hundred yard . by now there 's a huge cloud grow in the room . under the bed , hucklebilly wince at the strange smell . but then , a huge smile form over he face . cory you know , we can all crash at my bud 's beach pad in daytona . it 's on the beach . ricky ( winking at cory sound good for later , bro , but for now I still say we hang out . explore . this place will be a gas . joey I be sure it will , now that you have turn a curious southern boy against all that 's right and proper ! ricky he be not bad for a beginner . ( continued ) 45 . continued : there 's a noise at the door . malcolm Bet it 's that Mayor buttcheek freak ! everyone giggle , include hucklebilly . they hide the weed as cory open the door a crack . in tumble hester and glendora , catch red-hand peek through the keyhole . hester eww ! what 's that godawful stank ? the gang crack up . cory whisk the girl into the hall . ext . hallway - day cory close the door behind he . cory we be burn blunt . you know . spleef ? reefer ? glendora you best not be burnin ' nuthin' , lest Old man cooch find out . cory Old man cooch ? hester he 's we Fire Marshall . and veturanium . cory you mean , veterinarian ? glendora no , he 's a veturanium . fix dog and chicken and such , silly boy . cory stare dumbfounded . then break into stone laughter . cory you two be so lucky you be hotty . now the girl giggle . glendora that 's right ! ( continued ) 46 . continued : hester and we be here in we official capacity as Festival hostess to invite you to go ' sploring . ever see a kissing tree ? cory uh , no . glendora you wanna see one ? cory do the Pope shit in the wood ? huh ? whatever . the girl hold out they arm . cory take they both and exit down the hall . int . malcolm and leah HOTEL room - day everyone sit mesmerize ( translation : high ) as malcolm finish up a joke . malcolm so this dude go to see he doctor . say , " Doc , something 's up with my old lady . she 's act whacked . it 's either alzheimer or the clap . " Doc tell he , " yo , take she for a long drive and dump she off . if the bitch find she way home , do not fuck she . " the entire room roar with laughter . under the _ bed , hucklebilly crack up as well . hear this , malcolm swiftly grab the boy by he foot and drag he out . malcolm well , ' lookie here ' , to borrow from the lexicon of we host . a stone hucklebilly grin like a fool . hucklebilly my head feel kinda funny ... malcolm what the hell be you do in here ? hucklebilly want to say howdy , ' ceptin I fall under the bed when y'all come in . ( continued ) continued : anderson you fall ... under the bed ? hucklebilly yep . but now , I be feelin ' kinda hungry . fact , I could eat a entire goat and not share a single hoof ! joey aww , huckleberry 's get the munchy ! hucklebilly hucklebilly , dumb ass ! can not you Northern folk get nuthin ' right ? 47 . clutch he sack , hucklebilly dart out of the room . the now completely stone group crack up . anderson so , " northern folk " , I guess we be here to stay just a little bit longer . leah in that case , I say we find out where they be hide the keg . ext . granny boone's HOTEL - day the " guest of honor " squint as they head out of into the bright , hot Georgia day ... right into crowd of townsfolk ( include rufus , lester , the hotel the huge granny , harper , peaches , the milk maiden ) out there to greet they . mayor buckman buttermilk pancake ! if it be not we honore guest just in time to get the Festival off to its biggest start ! malcolm shoot-stang , gomer pyle . dang if this be not the bestest festival ever ! the crowd crack up . Mayor buckman , however , pick up on the sarcasm . his face redden . mayor buckman I would not besmirch the effort and sincerity of we proud little town . a great price have be pay to make this Festival possible . silence . ( continued ) 48 . continued : anderson whoa . lighten up , dude . we be just a little hang over . you know , hair of the dog ? buckman wave he arm . the requisite cheering erupt . mayor buckman apology accept ! now let 's get this thing go in grand style ! boy over here ! Girls over there ! the crowd swarm around the guest , separate the male from the female . harper Alexander grab a flatter ricky . harper come with I , partner . we be gonna see what we can do about you . ricky whatever you say , rock star . he lead ricky off . Anderson and malcolm shrug at each other , blow joey and leah a kiss as the girl be whisk away by the " lady folk " ext . bathing barn - day joey and leah be hustle into a makeshift dress area behind a large barn . Hand sewn dress hang on mannequin . there be large steel tub fill with water . granny boone now I hope you gal will allow we to share we Southern way . joey do we have a choice ? granny boone dearie , the good Lord have bless each one of we with distinct virtue . it 's you job as a lady to figure out what they be and how to use they ! peach I get the gift of tongue ! get it from my step - pappy , reverend jonas ! joey we be definitely post-feminist here . ( continued ) 49 , continued : granny boone you be a shine rough . but under they harsh Northern exterior , I suppose you gal oughta clean up real good ! leah I think that be a compliment . granny boone lady , grab this girl some lemonade , and let 's set to soapin ' . the nubile town girl ( aka barbecuty ) begin undress joey and leah , all coy and giggly as the work begin . ext . kissing tree meadow - day cory carry a picnic basket , try to keep up with hester and glendora as they skip through beautiful field spot with daffodil and sunflower . everything feel hyper-real : the sky be bright blue , the cloud white cotton candy , and the two shapely rear end in front of cory be ripe and ready . the boy 's so horny he 's practically hunch over . ext . horseshoe pit - day harper Alexander lead the crowd of male into a large field . Anderson , malcolm and ricky stand at the pit with harper . ricky be totally in awe of the big , burly he - man . across the yard , post in the dirt , be two horseshoe stake . two obscure furry mass rest atop each one . from the distance , it be hard to tell exactly what this target be . harper ever take a turn at the shoe ? ricky not since I be a kid . harper that 's the thing , friend . you need to be more practice at the manly art . huntin ' and soldierin ' and what not . ricky and that have what to do with pitching horseshoe ? ( continued ) 50 . continued : harper horseshoe be a military game in origin . go back to the old french trapper method of gap mink , as they call it . just then , Jezebel bolt from the outhouse and run across the field . lester follow in hot pursuit , hike up he pants . no one but the " guest of honor " seem to notice . or care . anderson ah ... you be say ? ext . bathing barn - day joey and leah sit naked in individual tub fill with soapy water , hair up in bun to avoid get soak . the barbecuty , scantily clad and sexy wet , attend to they bathing , scrubbing they back and massage they shoulder . the minstrel provide musical accompaniment . peaches " babbles " along in tongue . peach dosey doe , heifer hi , heiny ho ...! leah know , something ? I think I could actually get use to this . joey girl , you must be buzze out of you mind ! just then , little hucklebilly exit the barn , buck - ass naked , save for he confederate cap and shit-eate grin . hucklebilly rub a dub dub , who want I in they tub ?! the girl be amused . granny boone be not . she swat the boy . granny boone what I tell you ' bout scare the lady folk with they nasty bit of yours ? now git ! hucklebilly shoot , granny ! you never let I have no fun ! hucklebilly trot off , cap cover he private , as the girl laugh and splash he with they bath water . 51 . ext . kissing tree meadow - day cory and he " double date " arrive upon a majestic oak tree . naile to the trunk be a yellow ribbon . the girl giggle as cory sit down on the " love swing " hang from the branch . hester well , here we be ! the place where I get my first kiss ! glendora I too ! hester well of course , you too ! you be the one who kiss I ! glendora well , you be my first cousin ! who else be gonna do it ! hester that be before we learn ' bout swappin ' spit and that other stuff ! cory wait a sec ? you be cousin ? cool . they ignore he , get to the task of undress each other . cory stare in disbelief as the girl begin to make out . finally , hester stop what she 's do . hester well ? cory think you would never ask . cory hop over , unzip he fly and drop he drawer . hester no . the basket ! you can watch from the swing if you be quiet ! cory toss the girl the picnic basket and they lie down . now he 's at a total loss . what the fuck do he do ...? he do what come naturally , put he hand down he boxer and moan loudly . glendora ( flabbergasted ) you , sir , be a pig . ( continued ) 52 . continued : cory what ?! you be bone you cousin and I be a pig ? hester go away , boy . cory but you say I could watch ! hester /glendora but you be not quiet ! fluster , cory stomp off . ext . horseshoe pit - day harper continue he tutelage . malcolm 's get antsy . harper gap , gentleman , refer to the part of the mink that 's not there after the toss . most usually the head . harper pick up a large metal horseshoe . hand it to ricky . ricky fuck ! the horseshoe have be shave razor sharp . harper smirk , retrieve the shoe from a wince ricky and smoothly toss it at the first stake . a perfect throw , it embed itself in the target with a thud . malcolm lemme ' try that , homeboy . malcolm carefully grab a horseshoe and wing it at the stake . his aim be way off . the townsfolk laugh . malcolm yo , fuck y'all . Hood 's not exactly horse country . damn ... just then , cory walk up , fuck piss from he encounter at the kiss Tree . anderson how would you do with the honey ? cory ignore Anderson , glare at the pile of horseshoe . ( continued ) 53 . continued : cory ( regard the furry stake Hell 's that ? ricky mink or something . harper go on . gap it . cory grab the shoe . gulp a beer . then ... cory ( under he breath ) kissin ' cousin , my ass ... ... break off three perfect strike ! stun silence be follow by applause and cheering . by the stake harper go over and gather the horseshoe litter round the target area . harper you do good , son . you do good . impale on the stake , unseen by the ' guest ' , be kat and Nelson 's severe head , both freeze in death grimace . Three razor sharp horseshoe cut into the back of Nelson 's batter skull . ext . bathing barn - day leah and joey stand inside a ring of the lady townsfolk leah be now dress in quintessential southern garb - powder blue ruffle dress , bonnet , white cotton glove , etc . joey remain wrap in a towel , the center of attention . joey do not even think about it . leah think role - play , babe . I know my man 's gonna want to hit this when he see it . granny boone be encourage by leah 's attitude . ( continued ) 54 . continued : granny boone now you startin ' to think like a real lady ! everyone cheer . celebrate . and then ... ricky ( os ) " mama , do not let you baby grow up to be cowboy ... " it 's ricky , warbling over by the barn , arm cross , kinda drunk . leah easy , cinderella . ricky saunter over . ricky well , if that be not the pot call the kettle black . by the way , joey , that sexy frat boy 's look for you . joey it 's about time . joey grab she clothes from a mannequin and head off . the girl sigh a collective disapproval . joey sorry , lady , I would love to stay , but in keep with that Southern thing , " when a fella need he gal ... " ext . ho - down shack - day granny hop on up to the porch of a rustic shack . a large , copper Liberty Bell dangle from its wooden post above . granny boone do not make no mind of she , girl ! let the dance begin ! granny pull on the bell 's cord . it ring loudly as the strol minstrel strike up a rollick dance ditty . the girl stomp the ground and bang they knee , twirling decorative parasol a la gene Kelly . ricky and leah stare in disbelief , then , what the hell , leah grab he arm . leah you hear the lady . ( continued ) 55 . continued : granny boone grab you partner and give she a whirl ! now twinkle you hair and give it a twirl ! slap you backside and lift you arm ! ' cuz the cow and the chicken be return to the barn ! granny yank on the bell . everyone twirl around . yep. even leah and ricky . granny boone Little China doll , be not she sweet ? I would reckon she would make a real tasty treat ! now dance ‘er on up to the podium of honor ! and let 's bestow the honor upon ‘er ! peaches and the milk maiden dance over and lead leah and ricky to the porch . the two stand side by side , clap in time to the music . feeling dare , ricky break into a impromptu backstreet boy routine . granny boone now the time have come to do what 's right ! girl right . granny boone ' cuz we have only begin to renew the fight ! girl fight ! granny boone to avenge a horror that occur in this place ... the music stop . granny boone stare right at leah . speak . granny boone .».. it 's you maker , now , bitch , you will have to face ! granny boone tug hard on the cord . the five ton bell drop from above , flatten leah like a gory pancake . entrail spray everywhere . with deat panache , the girl open they parasol to block the shower . granny boone damn , that China woman have a lot of gut ! milk maiden and she dance real pretty too ! ( continued ) 56 . continued : ricky stare at leah 's arm and leg which protrude from the boulder like the " wick witch of the East " . freak beyond belief , he take off . the girl pursue . ext . barbecue pit / picnic area - day ricky round the barn right into the arm of rufus . rufus gotcha ! ricky what the fuck ...?! rufus we just fixin ' to make we one 'a they shis-kee - bob , loverboy ! rufus drag ricky over to a barbecue pit , where the townsfolk and a open-hearth FIRE roar . buckman walk over . mayor buckman I see the Festival 's in full swing ! enjoy yourselves , lady ? granny boone and the girl clap and cheer ! rufus slam ricky spread eagle onto a wooden picnic table . mayor buckman and how ' bout we honore guest ? he havin ' so much fun he just can not stand it ? ricky can not answer . he 's fixate on what 's go on behind he . the barbecuty have line up , hold a long , sharp , gleam steel pole . mayor buckman I see we barbecuty get the skewerin ' pole all ready ! ricky 's eye go wide as rufus hold he down . the pole be now line up with he rear end . mayor buckman ramming speed ! the girl thrust the pole forward . ricky scream as the tip of the skewer rip through he open mouth . granny boone lookee lou ! it 's Rick on a stick ! ( continued ) 57 . continued : huge celebration . buckman head off , trail by he son . rufus I swear I do not enjoy myself none with that fella , pappy ! lester you a liar . you always volunteer for sissy detail when it present itself ! rufus do not ! lester do so ! mayor buckman will you boy please shut you trap ! it be then buckman take note of Jezebel , who proudly sport a confederate flag sweater . mayor buckman what the hell you do to that mutton chop now ? lester why , I do knit Jezebel a sweater ! mayor buckman done knit Jezebel a sweater ? Jezebel be a goddamn sweater , you moron ! int . rooster cock SALOON - day loud , raucous southern saloon . Anderson , cory and malcolm sit at the back table . they look tired , but trooper that they be , still manage to work the mug in front of they . cory it be so wrong , bro , like Jerry springer , southern style . they could not get enough of I . what be I gonna do ? deny they ? hog myself ? and that 's not the coolest part . cory lean in , to keep the next bit private . cory check this out . they be cousin . ( continued ) 58 . continued : anderson corndog , you be the man ! malcolm slam down a mug . malcolm I do not care what you guy say , this place be fuck up . you do not get something for nothing . I be gonna find leah , and I be outta here . cory this place be not so bad . from behind they , joey enter . slam she mug on the table . joey do any of this even remotely resemble any place you have be to ? I mean , have you guy ever be anywhere that do not have phone or electricity ? joey sit down next to Anderson . all business . joey I be just back at my room . my pager and cell be fuck go . kat 's nowhere to be find . that 's not like she . she would never just disappear . and where the hell be you good old buddy , Nelson ? cory ( to Anderson ) you know , bro , it 's really not like Nelson to vanish with all this beer around . even if he be gakk that kat chick , you know he would still launch she at some point for free brew . malcolm you go off with leah . where be she ? joey drink corn liquor and guest star on hee haw . look , bottom line , this be a bunch of bullshit . we can get free booze in daytona . I be tired of be the Guest of honor . silence as it all sink in . and then ... ( continued ) 59 . continued : malcolm she 's right . I be go after leah . g malcolm rise to leave . Anderson touch he shoulder . anderson look . we need to work together on this . as a team . let 's split up . find kat and Nelson . find we ride . and I say we watch each other 's back . we be in this together , right ? he look around the table . at malcolm . malcolm you get it , bro . we be tight till we all hit the road . anderson good . I will check out the ride situation . malcolm , you find leah . ( to cory and joey ) you guy head back to the room and get whatever stuff they have not rip off . ( big fake smile ) now everybody act like this be all great . we love it . do not let on we be gonna bail . okay ? joey now we be talk . they get up to leave . buckman , harper , rufus and lester block they way . the Mayor have he arm around granny . mayor buckman you folk be not incline to leave town now , be ya ? granny you would not want we thinkin ' you be insultin ' we heritage , would you ? anderson of course not . we be thrilled to be part of you thing here . so if you will ... buckman pull back he coat . brandish a sharp , silver broadsword from the scabbard at he side . cory oh , shit . ( continued ) 60 . continued : harper pull out he spike gap shoe and begin clean he nail with it . mayor buckman I will only say this once . this be the biggest day of the year for the people of pleasant Valley . you could say it 's sacred . so y'all do not want to go upsetting my kinfolk . trust I on that . harper you see , we do not take too kindly to rejection . be know to react harshly to they that cross we . Anderson notice that harper have gouge he fingertip . blood seep through the nail . harper merely smile . anderson ( accent slightly more southern ) I guess you be right , Mayor . we should not be so fast to up and leave ... this fine Festival . Long wait . be buckman buy the bullshit ? of course he be . he put away he sword . mayor buckman good . now y'all best git goin ' . would not want to miss the barbecue . Anderson nod . lead the group out the door , all eye upon they , like a closely watch funeral procession . ext . pleasant valley town square - day Anderson , cory , joey and malcolm exit the bar onto the street which be now fill with townsfolk . each " Guest of honor " can feel the people 's stare , and for the first time , sense the rot behind the colorful facade . creepy ... cory sidle up to Anderson as they pass a skinny , hairless teen , onion joe , who stand before a scorched confederate flag . next to he be the butcher , in bloody apron . cory what do you think happen to Nelson ? anderson nothing happen to he . there 's a simple explanation for all of this . do not worry , buddy . 61 . int . rooster cock SALOON - day buckman stand on a chair , address the enrapture crowd . mayor buckman folk , I would like to propose a toast . to we , survivor , in a spiritual sense , of the worst atrocity of all time , the War between the States ! buckman raise he mug . the crowd follow suit . ext . pleasant valley town square - day joey and malcolm cross path with the fierce reverend jonas and he young , twin acolyte , opie and LAURA lee . malcolm I always say the South have not change a damn . leah would always get mad at I when I would say that ... joey kat and ricky and I ... we have do some wild thing ... nothing beat this . jonas clutches he bible , gaze in judgment , as he long black beard blow in the breeze . malcolm yeah . all for a free meal . shit ... int . rooster cock SALOON - day the crowd have tear in they eye as they clink glass , hold on to buckman 's every word . mayor buckman I know you fine folk of pleasant Valley have suffer more than seem possible . but one day , we will find rest . we will be avenge . orgasmic applause and approval . 62. ext . pleasant valley town square - day the blacksmith regards Anderson and cory as they now pass he by . his eye be solid white . milky . blank . cory dude ... what do you think this Festival be really all about ? anderson no clue . but in the ' suck to be you ' department , we either , a , stick around and find out or , B , locate Nelson and jet . to cory 's right , a overgrown manchild , giblet , sit naked in a water trough . his bearded chaperone , aunt suzy q , rest quietly on a stool , smoking a corn cob pipe . cory easiest one yet , bro . we be history . int . rooster cock SALOON - day the strol minstrel strum " Battle hymn of the Republic " as buckman wind up he oratory . mayor buckman and I tell you now , each and every one of you fine , search soul , as God be my witness , I swear we will not never go hungry again ! ext . pleasant valley town square - day Anderson and cory fall in line joey and malcolm . anderson okay , kid . one hour . we will regroup at the hotel . malcolm walk ahead of the group , speak loud , purposefully , for all the townsfolk to hear . malcolm well , all right , then ! see y'all at the bbq . do not be late ! ( continued ) 63 . continued : Anderson embrace joey , try to look casual . kinda tough to do when the local undertaker , coffin harry , be loudly hammer nail into pine box on he front porch . anderson like he say , babe . do not be late . I still gotta give you my e-mail address ... joey you bet ... they kiss . joey come on , cory . let 's go . cory low - fives Anderson , then walk off with joey . Anderson linger , watch they go . ext . wooden cottage - day malcolm sneak around the back yard of a wooden cottage . look for a clue . look for leah . he pass two young boy who play in the yard , hover over a strange contraption make of lincoln log . it look like a mini-ski slope down which they roll a mini-beer barrel . Inside the barrel , a frighten mouse struggle to keep its balance ... ext . granny boone's HOTEL / backyard - day cory and joey hide behind the weep willow and scope out the hotel . they watch as rufus load they stuff , in fact , all of the " Guest of honor 's " belonging , onto a wagon . they look at each other , for the first time really afraid . ext . car barn - day stalk about like a ninja , Anderson approach the barn door and give they a tug . lock . look around , he spot a pile of hay bail . he climb on top , then pull himself up onto the barn roof . the rubber sole of he shoe do not make for good traction , and it 's all he can do to maintain he grip . that 's a real shame , because down below hester and glendora be make they way around the barn , absorb in song . and they have both get shotgun !!!!! 64. ext . wooden cottage - day malcolm slowly edge around the cottage ... walk right into the fuck strol minstrel who sit on the front porch ! the musician waste no time serenade with yet another of they lame ditty . strolling minstrel a there be lesson in this world . some be easy , some be hard ... strolling minstrel B to swallow , that be ... malcolm not this shit again . malcolm brushes they off in disgust and walk down the dirt road . but the duo get up . follow ... ext . car barn - day Anderson hang on to the roof for dear life as hester and glendora chatterbox below . hester / glendora nothing be so sweet when you be munch on the meat of a yankee who 's doodle be so dandy ... hester you think Mayor buckman would mind much if we keep that Anderson boy to ourselves ? glendora oh , I do not know , cousin . I would rather kill he than fuck he any day ! Anderson lose he hold and slide down the roof . he catch himself just before fall to the ground . whew ! glendora shhh ! ya ' hear somethin' ? the girl check out the barn , walk directly beneath Anderson . he hold on to the edge of the roo , the jag wood cut into he flesh .... hester probably just a rooster . 65 . ext . wooden cottage - day malcolm walk down the lane , trail by the strol minstrel . they sing as they stalk . strolling minstrel there be once a young lassie , slant -ey and kind of sassy ... he walk faster . they walk faster . strolling minstrel she have air and conceit , till granny she do meet . malcolm stop . turn to face the hillbilly Duo . malcolm any of you shit - for-brain know where my lady be , you better tell I now ! strolling minstrel the boy want he bitch . yeah , the boy want he bitch . sad , sad thing , a boy without he bitch . and then they stop . smile . Point . malcolm turn to see the familiar leather clad -form of leah up ahead on the path . her long , black hair blow in the breeze as she playfully dodge into the thicket , giggling . malcolm grin . relieved . malcolm talk about a sight for sore eye ! he chase after she up the road . ext . car barn - day a stream of Anderson 's blood slowly trickle down the roof as hester and glendora chat below ... glendora that remind I of a joke granny tell I . what 's the difference between a rooster and ellie May ? hester well I be sure I do not know , cousin . ( continued ) 66 . continued : the rivulet of red get closer to the edge . Anderson be sweat quite profusely . of all the time for joke ! glendora a rooster say " cock a doodle do " and ellie May say " any cock will do " ! Anderson wince . a droplet of blood spill downward , head directly for they ... hester that 's disgustin ' ! hester take glendora by the hand and pull she away . the blood splatter on the ground , barely miss they both ! hester now enough of you chatterbox . we have get a festivation to attend . whew ! Anderson breath relief . renew he effort to make he way up the roof . ext . battleground - day leah run out of a thicket into a wide open field . in the middle be a large wooden platform , like a watchtower , nearly twenty foot tall . a wooden slide board lead down from the top to a giant bull - eye paint on the stone landing below . leah giggle , toss she hair . head up the watchtower ladder . malcolm c'mon , baby . no more clowning around ! malcolm follow , hand over foot . leah reach the top . a large beer barrel rest on a slab . the barrel be open at both end . she crawl inside . malcolm okay , we both know daddy like game . but you have I worried . where the hell you be , anyway ? more girlish giggle from the barrel . go along with the game , malcolm walk over to the keg and peer inside . malcolm give I a wet one , sugar muff . malcolm close he eye , pucker up . nothing . what ? no kiss ? he open he eye ... ( continued ) 67 . continued : ... come face to face with the twisted grimace of lester , he face smear with lipstick and rouge !!! leah 's bloody scalp rest atop he head . he wear she leather dud . malcolm what the fuck ...? from inside the barrel , lester grab malcolm 's wrist and yank he through . rufus pop out a trapdoor from below , join lester as he wrestle with malcolm . malcolm who the fuck be you people ? despite he kick of protest , lester and rufus manage to gag malcolm , tie he hand behind he back . they then position he so that he head and foot extend from either end of the keg . from he new perspective , malcolm can now see that Mayor buckman and the entire townsfolk have gather in the field below . they wave flag , cheering . what a hoot ! mayor buckman it be not so bad , you big baby ! we just gonna roll ya to the bottom , be all . then you be free to go . if you can ! lester hand rufus a couple of hammer and a bucket of long nail . they begin hammer they into the barrel . mayor buckman oh , I almost forget to tell ya ! we like to tickle ya a little on the way down ! malcolm 's eye bulge in rage . this simply be not happen . mayor buckman Roll out the barrel ! rufus give the barrel a good kick and it roll down the slide . each revolution be pure agony for malcolm as the nail tear into he body , rip he apart . upon reach the edge , the barrel flip into the air , then crash land on the bull - eye below . Mayor buckman rush over and kneel besides malcolm , who lie impale on the splinter wood . his chest heave he final , strangling breath . buckman jerk off he gag . mayor buckman give we that death rattle , boy ! you can do it ! ( continued ) 68 . continued : silence as malcolm cough , choke , then spit a chunky mouthful of he own gore directly onto buckman 's confederate flag eye patch , quickly erase he smile . malcolm kiss ... my ... black ... ass ! with that , malcolm expire . the crowd cheer . atop the tower , the buckman boy share a joyful embrace as lester remove he " wig " . rufus damn , lester . you sure be sexy . below , buckman wipe he face with he handkerchief . deeply perturb . mayor buckman next time , the gag stay on . int . granny boone's HOTEL / kitchen - day the door crack ajar . cory and joey peek through . see the place be desert , the two enter ... bong !! a metal pail fall from above , head towards joey . cory quickly pull she aside , avoid damage . joey remind I to thank you later . cory ( force a smile ) at the beach house . joey yeah . on the beach ... the two tiptoe over to a antique telephone on the wall . cory stand guard while joey dial . joey ( whisper ) hello .... hello ...? operator ( voice - over ) this be the Operator . May I have the party you be try to reach ? ( continued ) 69 . continued : joey ( whisper ) please connect I with the police ! this be a emergency ! operator ( voice -over ) now if ya spend you time chattin ' on the phone , y'all gonna be late for the barbecue ! stun , joey slowly put down the phone . her expression say everything to cory . he get it . cory Anderson usually hide he cell under the mattress . maybe they do not find it yet . I will go . you wait here . keep a lookout . int . car barn - day the silo window open . Anderson peek through . down below , malcolm 's motorcycle can be see , park in one of the stall . the only way down , however , be a twenty foot drop . contemplate he option , he leap , landing on the haystack . it cushion he fall , but a inch to the right , and he would have be impale on a rusty pitchfork ... int . granny boone's HOTEL / MAIN hall - day cory walk through the empty hall , then up the staircase , step by measure step , careful not to make a sound . int . granny boone's HOTEL / kitchen - day joey stand alone . nervous . pace . she begin to scan the cupboard . pie pan , roll pin , wooden bowl ... int . car barn - day Anderson creep through the barn , footstep crunching the bone - dry hay . cautious , he pause . the crunching continue . could someone be watch ? Nah ... he forges forward , pass a stockpile cover by a soile tarp . curious , he lift the edge . gasp at the familiar object heape before he : his school book . the beer cooler . the boogie board . and Nelson 's guitar . Broken . bloodie . cursing , he head to the stall housing malcolm 's bike . 70 . int . granny boone's HOTEL / kitchen - day joey continue to take inventory , spot a row of mason jar on the pantry shelf . she gasp ! pickle eyeball ... pickle finger ... pickle tongue ... all human ! and all with a year scrawle on the jlabel - Festival 1875 ... Festival 1964 ... joey be about to scream when a hand thrust out of the darkness and cover she mouth ! the unseen attacker lift she and skirt out the back door . int . car barn - day Anderson hop on malcolm 's motorcycle , handkerchief wrap round he bloody hand . ready to roll . except ... no key ! then , a voice from the shadow ... hucklebilly ding dang doodle . I do believe you be tryin ' to steal that color boy 's bike ! hucklebilly stand guard at the door , dangle malcolm 's key like a carrot . Anderson approach the boy . slowly . anderson I be not steal , buddy . just borrow . but what be you do with the key to that bad boy ? hucklebilly well , truth be tell , I reckone to take a little ride myself . but granny do say I can not on account I gotta guard the barn all day ... Dumb old ugly bitch . anderson I hear you , bro . hucklebilly slump down on a bail of hay , twirling the key . Anderson sit beside he . Notes he leather wristband . anderson whoa , that 's a cool ass wristband you get there . hucklebilly yeah . reverend jonas do give I that for not tellin' . 71 . int . anderson's HOTEL room - day the door open . cory enter . gently close the door behind he . he turn to see a figure emerge from the shadow . cory be that you , kat ?? peach nope , just little old peaches . a ethereal vision , peaches appear to glide across the floor as she slowly unty she tank top . scare shitless , cory be genuinely tear between caution and erection . cory ummmm , joey 's downstairs . she 's kinda waitin ' for I ... peaches lock the door , all buckteeth and smile . peach you Northern boy may be use to uptight lady like she ... she ease cory onto the bed then get down on she knee . peach .».. but one country fuck will make all they city girly seem like nuthin ' but a hole in you mattress . cory be hesitant . peaches begin cover she mouth . cory you take out you retainer , baby ? peach nope . put something in my momma make for naughty boy just like you . cory get all excited . peaches look up and smile ---- she now wear a metal mouth piece with razor sharp edge !!! peach momma call this my penis fly trap ! before cory can protest , peaches put she head between he leg and chomp ... down ... hard ! he open he mouth to scream , but nothing come out , as a geyser of blood shower he red with repeat spurt . holding tight to he crotch , cory slide to the floor while peaches lick she lip clean . 72 . int . car barn - day Anderson sit beside hucklebilly , whistling along with the boy as he sing a old rockabilly tune . pure torture , for hucklebilly continue to dangle the key . the key to freedom . finally , Anderson hop to he foot , snap he finger . anderson I know what ! how about you and I go for a ride ? we will find my buddy . play " kill the Kitty " hucklebilly you mean it ? anderson sure . just toss I the key and you and I will hit the road . hucklebilly shoot , if I go for a ride with ya , how in heck I gonna guard the barn ? anderson I will not tell granny if you will not . whaddya ' say ? he extend he hand . hucklebilly smile , fork over the key . hucklebilly I say sheep doggie ! Anderson jump to the barn door and open they wide . hester and glendora stand there with gun , block the way ! hester Ring the dinner bell . glendora it 's kill time . he turn . hucklebilly stand there grin like the Devil , aim he slingshot ... hucklebilly you really do not think I be that much of a moron , do ya ? kapow ! Anderson take a rock in the head . he fall to the dirt , spilling blood , lose consciousness as everything fade to black 73 . ext . barbecue pit / picnic area - night the world come into view as Anderson slowly regains consciousness . it be night now , a full moon , and to he horror , Anderson discover he be strapped down to a large picnic table , gag . flaming torch light the area , casting hellish shadow . the whole town be there : granny ... harper ... rufus ... lester ( and Jezebel ) ... hester ... glendora ... peaches ... the milk maiden ... hucklebilly ... they sit around the table in wild anticipation , knife and fork in hand . Mayor buckman proudly preside at the head , watch over a gag joey who be bound to she chair . mayor buckman just in time for the grand finale ! it all come down to this , year after year . do not it , granny ? granny boone that it do . too bad they friend could not make it . harper well , that 's a matter of opinion . buckman 's smile dim as he stare into Anderson 's eye . mayor buckman you Northern folk always thinkin ' you can waltz right in and bring we low . but there be not no escapin ' what y'all get comin ' to you ! Anderson hold buckman 's gaze , refuse to look away . the moment pass . mayor buckman so who 's gonna say grace ? hucklebilly ? hucklebilly rise from he seat , eye close , hand fold , all pious and reverent . and then ... hucklebilly to we guest from the North spread at we foot , thanks for be such tasty meat ! ( continued ) 74 , continued : the crowd applaud ! bowl be pass , glass fill . the strol minstrel break into a rouse rendition of " the South be gonna rise again " . it 's just like the 4th of July . sort of ... buckman move over to the buffet table . hester and glendora walk up , each hold a silver platter . the milk maiden and peaches approach with another . buckman smile , pleased . mayor buckman Bet we guest will be mighty impressed when they see what granny boone cook up ! like a master chef show off , he remove a lid to reveal the lovingly prepare , barbecue head of cory and Nelson . they pried open mouth each hold a baked cinnamon apple . mayor buckman Bet you can not eat just one ! buckman unveil the other platter contain ricky and kat . a pineapple ring dangle from the skewer still protrude from ricky 's gape mouth . joey and Anderson fight back vomit as the girl place the dish on the picnic table . rufus and lester bring over two more platter . mayor buckman y'all like dark meat ?! buckman lift another cover . it 's malcolm , chop up amid chitlin and black eye peas . mayor buckman now , it might come as a surprise , but I , I have always be partial to chinese . yep . the fourth plate contain what 's leave of leah 's head , plus a couple of smashed body part for garnish . buckman grab some asian fry fingertip , pop them in he mouth . mayor buckman only problem be , a hour later , I be still hungry ! everyone cheer and begin dance around the table , clap they hand , stomping they foot . harper and hucklebilly ride malcolm 's motorcycle , circle the table . the hellish flame from the barbecue pit seem to move to the music as the minstrel play faster and faster . ( continued ) 75 . continued : joey shut she eye against the madness , nearly hysterical from this insane , surrealistic nightmare . finally , harper hop off the bike and leap onto the picnic table , brandish one of he spike gap shoe . Anderson brace as he edge closer . harper we be gonna ' go easy on you , boy . be as you be a fellow reb . once , at least . the razor sharp point be inch away from Anderson 's strain neck ... harper but then little missy over here do go and turn you . buckman lean in . wipe Anderson 's brow with he silk . mayor buckman be a Southern gentleman , I just might give you a second chance . all you gotta do be ... gut the bitch . buckman point to joey . her eye widen in fear as granny hold out she rusty meat cleaver . granny boone why , it 's just like gut a possum , honey . Anderson study joey , the cleaver , the spike at he neck . contemplate he option , he close he eye and nod - affirmatively ! buckman grin and cut he binding . mayor buckman welcome back , son , to the glory and honor ! Anderson rise , take the cleaver and walk over to joey . tear flow , she brace as he slowly lift the blade above she tremble head . anderson glory and honor ... Anderson swing the blade down ... whomp ! ... cut the rope that bind joey ! ( continued ) 76 . continued : anderson you fuck maniac would not know glory and honor if it bit you flat on you Southern ass ! Anderson wing the blade at buckman , but rufus knock he down , take the cleaver straight in the chest . mayor buckman stop that yankee traitor ! hester and glendora rush Anderson from behind , receive a mouth full of elbow as he coldcock they both ! the two topple , knock over a cast iron pot load with cooking oil . whoosh ! the fire pit ignites . a wall of flame spread , separate Anderson and joey from the townsfolk . anderson ( remove she gag ) you okay ? joey I will kill that fuck bumpkin if they even try and touch I again ! anderson I guess that mean yes . Anderson look around . point . just yard away , malcolm 's motorcycle lie on its side . escape ! they head over . peaches leap over the flame , take joey down , all set to vampire she ass with she metal mouth gear . Anderson move in to assist , but harper jump in he way . his wield a spike horseshoe , swinging at Anderson with wild sweep , slashing , cut ... on the other side of the flame , lester help buckman to he foot as rufus extract the cleaver like it be nothing . rufus please do not beat I , daddy ! buckman grimace , brushes he son aside , then stand atop a table to observe the scrapple . the crowd follow suit more interested in watch the lady bout than ducking the encroach flame . mayor buckman that city girl 's get more ballsack then you two flapjack combine ! ( continued ) 77 . continued : joey have become a wild animal , beat mercilessly on peaches . hucklebilly watch from the crowd , intrigue . be that a tit he see ? wanting to feel useful , he aim he slingshot at joey and open fire ... bam !... hit granny boone square in the chest ! she hit the dirt . the crowd cheer , moron that they be . meanwhile ... harper swing at Anderson . slice he chest , he stomach ... Anderson duck , roll to the ground , kick harper in the knee . harper drop the spike horseshoe , which Anderson retrieve . back to the catfight ... joey be about to deliver the final blow to peaches when the milk maiden jump in with she infamous jug . she hurl it . joey flip out of the way . the container whacks peaches in the cranium , crack open and bathing she with acid ! back to the cockfight ... harper charge Anderson , who lie on the ground . Anderson swing forth with the spike shoe , impale harper in the jugular . blood spurt forth from the wound . whoosh ! buckman empty a bucket of water onto the flame , quenching the fire . all eye turn . mayor buckman y'all stand back . they be mine now . he move forward , remove a long , gleam sword . hushed reverence grip the crowd as they Mayor lick he lip . mayor buckman shock and awe , folk . shock and awe ... buckman lunge at joey and Anderson , swinging he blade wide and madly . joey roll to the ground , bang she head . she lie there , stunne , as Anderson hop on the table . buckman slashes , cut the table 's front leg in half . the table and Anderson come crash down , as do the silver platter and severe head , which spill all over he . defiant , buckman lift he sword and ready for the kill blow . but as he bring the blade down , Anderson grab the nearest food scrap to block . thunk !!! the blade connect ... cut into the back of cory 's severe head ! face to " face " with he old friend , Anderson freak , toss " it " , and the blade , aside . ( continued ) 78 . continued : fill with renew vigor , Anderson jump up and violently hammer buckman again and again , with a cut to the leave and a cut to the right . pow !! pow !! shake it off , joey move to Anderson 's side and join in the drub . bam ! ! bam !! the two pummel buckman , relentless in they rage . joey kick he to he knee . Anderson wallop he in the face ... ... knock off buckman 's confederate flag eye patch , unmask a web of flesh which bisect a gape cavity buckman roar , possess , pathetically search the ground for he fall eye cover . Anderson grab joey . anderson you with I ? joey all the way . the two rush to the motorcycle , hop on . Anderson gun the engine and they take off , circle the field , look for a out . but everywhere they turn , they be surround by maniac . leer . venomous . Fucking frightening as hell . buckman rush forward , eye patch in hand . Anderson head straight towards he , gun the engine . buckman steady himself , smirk at Anderson , savore they twisted game of " chicken " ... that be , until he himself chicken out , ultimately step aside . like Steve mcqueen , Anderson hit the fall picnic table . it serve as a ramp as the bike vault its way up and over the townsfolk , away from pleasant Valley and everyone in it . buckman rush forward , impotent as Anderson and joey make they getaway . flanke by he bloody , wounded flock ( harper , granny , rufus , lester ... hell , all the maniac ) , buckman grind he tooth , huffing , puffing . a man insane . the camera slowly move in on he vacant eye socket as a wall of FIRE cover the frame and we dissolve to : 79 . int . sheriff' station - night sheriff freidman lounge at he desk , read " famous monster " magazine . at he foot , he loyal hound dog , elvis , gnaw on a bone . another busy night at the office ... bam ! the door bolt open . Anderson and joey rush in , bloody and craze . sheriff freidman go for he gun . anderson no , no , no ! do not shoot ! sheriff freidman what the Hell be you problem , boy , chargin ' in at this hour ? anderson you gotta help we ! joey they kill we friend ! they murder they . and then they ... they eat they ! they fuck barbecue we friend ! sheriff freidman what in God 's name you talkin ' about ? anderson I know it sound crazy , but it 's true ! what she say be true ! the folk in pleasant Valley . they be insane ! murderer ! behind Anderson , in the jail cell , connie mason , a beautiful , inexplicably well - groom inmate , grip the bar of the cell . she have a glaze look in she eye . connie I tell you , sheriff ! that people be ... maniac ! freidman glare at miss mason . she hush . joey they put this sign on the road , fool we into come to they town ... told we we be gonna be guest for some special Festival ... connie we be just on a trip ... just travel south ... ( continued ) 80 . continued : anderson and then they start kill we one by one ... sheriff freidman pleasant Valley , you say ? joey you know pleasant Valley , right ? sheriff freidman yeah ... I know it , all right . the sheriff take a deep breath . ponder he intruder ponder miss mason . decide , he put he gun away . sheriff freidman I think you , I and elvis need to take a little ride . Anderson and joey sigh relief . connie stare forlorn . connie feel like I have be here for forty year ... int / ext . highway road - night Anderson and joey ride ahead of the sheriff , who follow diligently in he squad car , hound dog by he side . ext . highway road ( further up ) - night the infamous hand paint " detour " sign lie flat at a angle atop a pile of saw - off branch . see this , the motorcycle turn off the highway and onto the dirt road . the squad car trail behind . ext . dirt road / entrance - night the motorcycle drive along the dirt road , pass beneath the " pleasant Valley . population 2001 " welcome sign before come to a halt . Anderson and joey dismount as the squad car pull up behind . the sheriff get out , flip on the spotlight and aim it at the clear ... 81 . ext . cemetary - night Anderson and joey now see that they be stand dead center in the middle of a timeworn burial ground !!!! row of grave sprawl before they , grave carve with name frighteningly familiar : Virginia boone .. harper Alexander .. hester and glendora .. rufus , lester ( and jez , of course ) ... Anderson and joey circle round in shock , try to make sense of it all . sheriff freidman stare they down . sheriff freidman I ought to lock you both up for wastin ' my precious time ! this be you pleasant Valley ! ai not nothing but a graveyard be here the last hundred fifty year . if I hada dollar for every drunken college kid come hollerin ' about flesh eatin ' ghoul , I and elvis coulda retire in comfort year ago . Anderson and joey back away from freidman . this can not be happen . joey no ! there be a town here ! people ... we see they ! sheriff freidman missy , I be just gonna assume you have be smokin ' that reefer and let it go at that ! joey no way , man ! you be full of shit ! sheriff freidman take out he handcuffs . Anderson step forward in defense . anderson all right ! stop ! we be sorry ! it be ... a joke . a prank ... the sheriff put away the cuff . smirk . sheriff freidman I be sure the poor soul of this fine people who die at the hand of you Northern heathen be not so partial to you joke ! ( continued ) 82 . continued : sheriff freidman point a marble statue . none other than the chisele likeness of Mayor George W. buckman himself . buckman loom tall and proud , stand guard over a tarnish plaque , circa 1862 , imbed in the earth below . joey what ? like a teacher prove he history lesson , freidman shine he flashlight on the plaque 's inscription . sheriff freidman it 's call respect , son . stun , Anderson and joey walk over to the plaque . slowly , he begin to read aloud . anderson " to the 2001 innocent confederate citizen of pleasant Valley laid to waste on this very spot by renegade yank during the War between the States , this plaque be hereby devote as a pledge of blood justice . a eye for a eye , a tooth for a tooth , never will they rest in peace till one for one they be avenge ... " joey it 's date March 22nd . that 's ... today . the sound of screeching tire jolt they to attention . they turn to see the sheriff 's car pull away , the dawning SUN now beginning to peek through the tree . alone , Anderson and joey survey the desolate landscape . 2001 grave ....... joey could we really have just imagine it all ? could it possibly be some kind of joke ? Anderson point to the gash in he forehead . anderson this be real . and it 's no joke . that inbred sheriff be probably one of they . we gotta do something . ( continued ) 83 . continued : joey maybe if we ride further north ... what if we go to the FBI ? anderson forget the FBI . I say we get the fuck Marines and invade the South all over again . the wind blow through the cemetery , rustling the leave of a old oak tree . the effect be that of a ghostly whisper ... or be it laughter ? joey wrap she arm around Anderson . joey you be on . she seal the pact with a kiss , continue to hold on to Anderson for a moment of comfort . but the moment 's soon over when Anderson pull away and , with forceful venom , spit directly onto buckman 's marble face . the final desecration ... anderson fuck you , pleasant Valley . with that , Anderson take joey 's hand and head out . ext . dirt road out of pleasant valley - dawn the motorcycle drive past the roadside sign ( " pleasant Valley . population 2001 " ) coursing away from the town . ext . cemetary - dawn spittle drip down the stone face of Mayor buckman , which now appear to be smile a malevolent grin ... ext . dirt road out of pleasant valley - dawn further up ahead ... a figure can be see stand in the center of the road . Anderson slow the bike down and cautiously inch forward . once closer , he and joey can see that the figure be hucklebilly , wave he arm and hootin ' and hollerin' . ( continued ) 84 . continued : joey oh no , not again ... anderson fuck that little shit . we will drive around he . Anderson floor the engine and speed right past hucklebilly , knock he flat on he ass . the boy behind they , he and joey turn around to take one last glimpse at pleasant Valley . they can not help but laugh with relief . now turn to face the course ahead , they detect a line of rusty barbed wire extend across the dirt road between two telephone pole . it 's too late to stop ... or scream . the motorcycle glide under the sharpen cord , which cut through the neck of both Anderson and joey . they decapitate head fly from they body , which continue to ride the two - wheeler before it come to a crash halt and explode . the liberated head emerge from the flame , bounce along the path like bloody basketball . with great finesse , hucklebilly run and scoops they up . a cheshire grin cross he face from ear to ear . hucklebilly damn yankee ! a severe head in each hand , the boy walk off into the southern sunrise , whistling Dixie ... fade out