( name of Project ) by ( name of first writer ) ( base on , if any ) revision by ( name of subsequent writer , in order of work perform ) current revision by ( current writer , date ) name ( of company , if applicable ) address phone number dark game fade in : ext . two lane highway - pasadena , CA — night a 1967 mustang fastback sit park on the side of a small , two lane highway just outside a residential neighborhood . a dark figure sit behind the wheel . someone we can not fully see . random car drive past the scene . int . mustang a girly pink keyring hang from the ignition . a picture of a young blonde woman and she boyfriend inside the small frame . the girl look to be high school age . a pair of rubber glove hand flip through the radio channel , search for music , listen to talk show . he give up and pull the key out of the ignition . on the rearview mirror a pair of dark , menace eye stare into the rearview mirror . we stay on the mirror as this person step out of the car . we hear the driver 's door slam shut . thump ! we watch on , from the rearview mirror , as this figure walk around the car and to the trunk . he open the trunk . fast enough so we can not get a good look at he face . a few moment pass . a young blonde woman appear from behind the trunk . her mouth gag and she hand tie . the dark figure and he hostage begin toward the wood , out of frame and out of we view of the rearview mirror . ext . mustang - windshield a white piece of paper lay under the windshield wiper . it read out of gas . int . wood the gag woman ruffle through the forestry . she cry out , through the cloth . the dark figure walk some distance behind she , silent . suddenly ... he forcefully push the girl to the ground . she fall into the mud . splat ! she quickly turn around , face she captor . the dark figure kneel down and dig through the filthy mud , search for the perfect stick or tree branch . he pick up a long , thick , healthy branch and snap it in half . he throw the other half back into the dirt and pull out a pocket knife . the girl watch on , a bit confuse . he have a seat on a nearby tree trunk and begin use the blade to shave the branch down , sharper and sharper , make a home make weapon of some sort . the young woman simply watch in horror . she attempt to stand , but the dark figure walk over and step on she back , push she face back into the dirt . as the girl lay , face down on the ground , the dark figure continue shave the tree branch down into a sharp spear . the girl watch as shaving from the branch hit the ground , all around she . the dark figure grab she and turn she over , face he . he point the sharp stick directly at she eye . she instantly turn away . he then rub the end of the stick across she eye lid as she scream out in a panic . afraid that he will puncture she eye , the girl try to lay as still as possible . he simply rub the stick across she eye and cheek , take in she fear . enjoy himself . her eye remain shut , scared he will pop one of they out with he weapon . ( continued ) continued : the dark figure reach back , as if he 's go to drive the stick into she face . instead , he drive it into the ground , as hard as he can . he reach down and pull the gag from she mouth . she scream out in terror . the dark figure slowly slide he hand down the front of he pants . cur to : ext . residential sidewalk - day open on a long shot of a white sidewalk in upper , middle class suburbia . lot of tree and bush align the quiet street . the outskirt of LA . begin title : the 2nd floor from around a corner walk jake wincott ( 13 ) a strawberry blonde with enough red in he hair and sporadic freckle to suggest trouble . he be tote a heavy bookbag , come home from school . ext . wincott house -— continuous Jake open a white , picket gate and enter the property , responsibly shutting it behind he . he continue into the home . int . wincott house - continuous Jake walk in , shut the door and drop he heavy book onto the floor , immediately run to one of the bedroom . jake ( 0.8 . ) Matt ! Jake open Matt 's bedroom door . jake Matt ! you here ? Jake walk in Matt 's bedroom , kneel down and open a drawer to pull a magazine that read '' sexy bikini girl '' ( continued ) continued : jake ( smile ) bingo ! Jake run back into to the kitchen to get a drink . int . kitchen Jake hurry over to the fridge and open , grab a large , clear jug of cherry Kool Aid . he shut the door and instantly notice a white , hand write letter hang by a magnet . he rest the jug on a counter and read . insert — letter Jake I will not be home until late . dad say to do you homework and stay out of trouble . don ’t go anywhere ! 1 ! Matt back to scene Jake do not pay the note any mind and pour himself a large glass of Kool Aid . he take a huge swig of he drink and walk over to a telephone and message machine in the corner . he play the day message . machine first message ... matte voice ( 0.s. ) Jake ! I know you be listen to this , so now you can not pretend you do not get my note ! just in case you forget ... you be still on restriction ! dad say we be both dead if I let you go out , so you better not even think about go to that fag 's house ! Jake skip ahead , erase the message . machine message erase . next message ... ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) jake' father ( 0.s. ) Jake . it 's you father . I take it since you be not answer the phone , you be out do something you should not instead of do you homework like you mother and I ask . well I just hope for you sake it 's do by the time you brother get home . do not think because we be not there , we be not watch you , young man . we be always watching !... Jake angrily punch the button on the machine , erase the message . suddenly the phone ring . jake' friend ( 0.s. ) dude . stop play with yourself and pick up the phone . I know you be home . Jake pick up the phone . his friend be on the other line . jake' friend ( 0.s. ) hello ? jake what be you do ? jake' friend ( 0.s. ) wait on you . I think you be come over . jake I say we be meeting at chrissy 's . why would I come to you place if she house be closer ? jaker friend ( 0.s. ) yeah , but what if I get there before you ? just come over and get I and we will go together . jake alright . but I gotta get back before dark . jaker friend ( 0o.s . ) you will . just take the short cut like I show you . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) jake alright . jaker friend ( 0.s. ) and you better not wimp out this time . remember what I say . if you do not ask she to the dance , I will . jake alright , alright ! I x11 ask she ! just get off my back ! Jake hang up and chug the rest of he Kool Aid . ext . sidewalk - late afternoon Jake , now dress to impress , hurry up a residential sidewalk and approach a large , wood area . he run down a small , grassy slope and venture deeper into the wood . int . wood Jake scurries through the small forest , maneuver around tree trunk and log , push he way through the sharp branch and wet leave , snap and crunching twig with he foot and tramping through the filthy mud . ext . public park - parking lot a car pull into a almost full lot and find a empty space . Parks . out of the car step detective david reinhardt , late 40s , gray hair , aviator shade , cheap sport coat , polo shirt and khakis . he glance around suspiciously , as if someone be watch he . he begin into the busy park . ext . park ground several retiree be out for they afternoon walk , couple be walk they dog , parent play with they child . some of they sit at various picnic table , other grill burger and dog on the barbecue pit . ( continued ) continued : detective reinhardt notice a unsavory look fellow with white hair sit on the table top of a picnic bench in the near distance . archie be old , fat and greasy . his white hair be spike up , desperate to appear hip and youthful . his silk shirt , designer slack and fancy shoe suggest money , but be a bit too flashy for the time and place . he be busy pound away at a hot dog with all the work . detective reinhardt begin toward he . archie you be late , cop . think maybe you be have second thought about that money . detective reinhardt I have some trouble go on at home with my daughter . archie trouble , eh ? archie laugh . archie I bet . girl like that . good healthy tatas . Nice culito . all that hard dick beatin’ down you front door . I know . I have a daughter myself . never have to worry like you , though . she have the face of a chongo 's culo . she be always home . archie laugh again . detective reinhardt I get the twelve hundred ? archie you wait on a rainy day ? let 's see it . detective reinhardt pull a thick envelope from he coat and hand it to archie , who quickly fan through it , count . detective reinhardt look in both direction , make sure he be not be watch . archie finish count the money . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) archie pretty expensive habit you get there , cop . you be start to make I feel guilty . you should start pick you team a little more carefully . either that or start thinkin’ about a career change . detective reinhardt look as if archie 's touch a nerve . his mouth quivering just a bit . archie ( a grow smile ) wait a minute . could this be payoff money ? archie slide the envelope under he nose , sniff it . archie hmm . dinero sucio . shame , shame . archie laugh out loud . detective reinhardt turn to leave . archie ( 0.8 . ) see you next week , cop . the detective stop , quickly come back and get in the man 's face . detective reinhardt listen to I . I want you to stop call the house . I do not wanna hear from you . I do not wanna know you exist . and the next time you make threat over the phone at my daughter ... in 1ll kill you . there 's plenty of wood around this part . archie lose he cocky grin , look very intimidate . detective reinhardt walk off . archie hey , Dave ! tell the wife I say hile ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) detective reinhardt turn and stare at archie , give hima look of pure hate . he be so upset , archie 's render he speechless . he simply walk off . archie laugh . int . wood Jake hurry through the forest a bit faster and more confident , now find he way easier . he stop when he look up and notice a young blonde woman , hand tie to a tree and gag at the mouth . she stare up at Jake as she cry out in despair . the back of she shirt have be tear all the way up with a knife . her bare skin expose and she bra strap show . Jake almost do not notice the naked man stand some distance behind she . he be somewhat hide from view by the thick shrubbery , but be visibly nude . he be a young , thin man in he twenty , long , curly black hair . so long , it curtail he face from view . he be wear rubber glove and hold a long blade in he hand . we all call he the scary man . the scary man use the knife to rip off the girl 's bra . she scream out in a panic . Jake slowly back up , distance himself from the scene before he 's notice . he trip over a thick log and fall into the mud . splat ! the scary man quickly turn he head , stare directly over at young Jake . we only see close up of he eye and the back of he head as he begin toward Jake . Jake quickly stand and dart off , deeper into the wood . the scary man charge after he . from different camera angle , we see part of he body as he run . he 's completely naked . his every move be smooth and robotic . Jake be now snap through the branch hopping from log to log like he own this wood . ( continued ) 10 . continued : jake help !!! somebody help I !!! Jake notice a grassy field in the near distance and some people sit at a picnic table . he run toward the light and out of the wood , into a picnick area . the park from before . ext . park ground Jake trip and fall down a short hill , onto the soft grass . jake somebody help !!! he quickly stand and continue run across the field . jake help I !!! detective reinhardt be on he cell phone when he look up and notice Jake run out of the wood towards he . jake help !!! he’s gonna kill I !!! detective reinhardt I ' 1l call you back . he hang up the phone and begin walk towards Jake . Jake run as fast as he can toward the detective . he approach he , almost completely out of breath . jake there 's a man !... a man in the wood !... he 's naked and he 's with this girl ! he 's ...he 's attack she ! Quick ! call the police ! detective reinhardt stare in the direction of the wood . detective reinhardt he be attack she ? int . wood scary man 's p.o.v. he watch reinhardt and Jake from a distance . 11 . ext . park ground detective reinhardt and Jake . jake look ! it 's not what you think ! he have a knife ! she be tie toa tree ! you gotta do something ! he 's gonna kill she ! detective reinhardt lose he slick grin and stare off into the wood . jake what be you wait on , man ! call the cop ! detective reinhardt stay here . int . wood detective reinhardt venture into the wood , search for any sign of foul play . he come across the scene of the erime and stop in he track . there be a large blanket roll out on the ground . a pair of old sweat pants and a T-shirt lay on the blanket . detective reinhardt smile as he slowly figure it out . detective reinhardt the little brat scared they off . detective reinhardt begin back towards the park , but stop when he notice what appear to be a pair of rubber glove toss into the mud . he kneel down to get a closer look . a serious look in he eye . he cautiously stare all around he , scared . ext . parking lot - public park detective reinhardt and Jake stand on a sidewalk in front of reinhardt 's car . detective reinhardt alright . what 's you name and where do you live ? ( continued ) continued : 12 . jake Jake . detective reinhardt Jake what ? jake wincott . I live on weatherby . a couple block away . detective reinhardt wincott ? ( squint a bit ) you Dale wincott 's boy ? jake no . he 's my uncle . he 's a cop . you a cop ? detective reinhardt stall , dodge the question . detective reinhardt well I be take you home . I wanna talk to you parent . jake my parent be in Phoenix until tomorrow . detective reinhardt squint a bit , throw off guard . detective reinhardt what ? jake they be out of town . at some funeral . it 's just I and my brother until Friday . detective reinhardt Fine . where 's you brother ? jake I do not know . he 's not come home until late . detective reinhardt sigh , frustrated , shake he head . detective reinhardt do you have a number where I can reach you parent ? ( continued ) continued : Jake nod . reinhardt passenger int . car Jake turn detective detective stare at 13 . ( 2 ) detective reinhardt alright . I do not want you run around the street like this . you be come home with I for now . we will give you parent a call and let they decide what to do with you . jake my parent say never to go with stranger . detective reinhardt how old be you ? about fourteen ? jake thirteen . detective reinhardt thirteen ? that 's old enough to start make you own bad decision . now get in the car . get in . Jake sigh as he halfheartedly get in the side . they pull away and begin out of the lot . to the detective , study he eye . the appear a bit on edge . jake you see something out there , do not you ? detective reinhardt what make you say that ? jake you would not be drive I home if you do not see something ? so what be it ? reinhardt stay suspiciously quiet . he simply the precocious teen . ( continued ) 14 . continued : detective reinhardt it might be something , it might be nothing . I do not know . jake oh , I get it . that 's on a need to know basis and I do not need to know , right ? detective reinhardt yeah . something like that . jake so you be a cop ? detective reinhardt not really . jake you either be or you be not . detective reinhardt I be a cop . jake but not anymore ? detective reinhardt hence the emphasis on the word '' be '' . jake you retire ? detective reinhardt I guess you could say that . Jake look confuse , but lay off the detective . he simply stare out the window . ext . highway — continuous detective reinhardt 's car pull out of the lot and back onto a two lane highway . on the way , they pass by a 1967 mustang , sit idle on the soft shoulder near the wood . Jake stick he head out the window , look back at the mustang as they speed off down the road . the mustang start its engine and follow shortly behind . 15 . int . mustang a unseen man grip the steering wheel . a very girly , pink key ring dangle from the ignition . a picture of the blonde woman in the wood hugging she boyfriend be on the ring . the man behind the wheel be shirtless , presumably still naked . the scary man . his bare arm turn the wheel right as he follow behind reinhardt and the boy at a corner stop sign . the unseen driver continue follow behind the unmark squad car , keep a safe distance . ext . residential STREET detective reinhardt 's squad car make a right turn onto a residential street , slowly approach a large , three story home . reinhardt 's house . the car park against a curb outside of the home . out step detective reinhardt and Jake . the mustang slowly approach the stop sign at the end of the street and pull a U -turn , parking against the curb . int . mustang scary man ‘s p.o.v. the unseen driver stare down the street at detective reinhardt and Jake walk towards the home . they continue into the house . the car speed off down the street . int . reinhardt home - cassie 's bedroom cassie reinhardt ( 18 ) short red hair , a sexy gothic punk type , lay on she bed , listen to loud , obnoxious music on she ipod . she angrily take a pair of scissors to a picture of she and she ex-boyfriend matt wincott , Jake 's older brother . she be completely surround by other tear photo of she and Matt , lay on the bed . 16 . int . reinhardt home - downstair detective reinhardt and Jake wander into the live room , near the staircase . detective reinhardt wait here a second . Jake plop himself down on the live room couch , instantly turn on the television . detective reinhardt begin toward the stair . stop . detective reinhardt hey , uh ... do you need I to go get you schoolbook or anything ? jake Nah . I do my homework already . Jake grab a jar of peanut sit on the table before he and pour himself a handful . int . cassie ’'s bedroom detective reinhardt walk in . cassie pay he no mind . detective reinhardt hey ! cassie stare over at he , take out she ear phone . cassie what ?! c can not you see I be busy ?! detective reinhardt come downstairs ! cassie what now ?! detective reinhardt shut the door behind he . cassie toss she ipod aside and angrily crawl out of bed . int . reinhardt home - staircase cassie fumble she way downstairs as detective reinhardt await she at the foot of the step . ( continued ) 17 . continued : cassie what ? I do all my chore . detective reinhardt I need you to watch somebody for a couple hour . detective reinhardt motion toward the live room . cassie turn and look at Jake sit on the couch , watch television and eat peanut . cassie you gotta be kid I ? detective reinhardt ( 0.s. ) no I be not . he give cassie a crumpled up twenty dollar bill . detective reinhardt you and the kid can order a pizza . maybe walk down to the corner and rent some movie or something . you go anywhere , you take Jake with you . cassie who be this kid and why be I watch he ? detective reinhardt he be a witness to a attempt rape today . that 's who . this guy chase he with a knife , naked as a jaybird . scare the shit out of he . this might sound crazy , but I think he might have see we guy today . cassie we guy ? as in the guy the cop be after for the last five month ? detective reinhardt I think so . his parent be out of town until tomorrow night . his brother 's God know where . I wanna keep he here and safe until they get back . cassie squint , a bit confuse and unsure . ( continued ) 18 . continued : ( 2 ) detective reinhardt I gotta call this kid 's parent . detective reinhardt begin toward a corner office . cassie follow behind , look a bit angry . int . reinhardt nos office detective reinhardt walk around a desk and open a drawer , pull out a .45 automatic . he check the magazine for bullet , then slide the clip back in . he set the gun down on the desk and pick up the phone . cassie interrupt he . cassie what be you do ? detective reinhardt look up at she , wait . cassie why do not you just take he down to the station ? detective reinhardt you know I can not go down there . if I step one foot in the door , they 's 11 have I throw out . cassie but it 's they case now , daddy . you be not a cop anymore , remember ? you have to tell they about this . detective reinhardt have a seat and begin dial . cassie you do not want anyone to know about Jake , do you ? that 's why you be keep he here . you still wanna catch this guy . detective reinhardt await a answer from the other line as he do he best to ignore cassie . cassie be not it bad enough they take you badge ? you want they to take you pi license too ? ( continued ) 19 . continued : detective reinhardt look . I go down there with Jake to give a statement , you think they be gonna take either of we seriously ? a twelve year old skip through the wood and the ex lead investigator , throw off the case ? they will bury it as soon as we be out the door . I just wanna make sure this go through the proper channel . cassie when you say the proper channel , you mean detective grime ? detective reinhardt that 's right . cassie right . and it 's gonna be you and Joe , together again . back on the street . until they take he badge too for involve you in a illegal investigation . detective reinhardt put he finger to he mouth , signal cassie to be quiet . detective reinhardt ( into the phone ) hello , this be David reinhardt call back . cassie lose she patience and storm out of the room . detective reinhardt ( into the phone ) again , it 's very urgent you return my call as soon as possible . you can reach I at 626-410-9020 . detective reinhardt hang up . sigh in frustration . he stare in the direction of the doorway , as if cassie be still there . int . live room cassie stand hover over Jake , arm cross , watch he closely . he be still chomping away at the jar of peanut . ( continued ) 20 . continued : he be stare back and forth between the television and cassie , feel she eye on he . jake what ? cassie I know you , do not I ? Jake look a bit scared . jake maybe . detective reinhardt walk in , car key in hand . detective reinhardt alright . I be leave . i’1l be back in a hour or two . cassie if we go out , I ’1ll need my car key . holding out she hand , wait . detective reinhardt Nice try . cassie sigh in disappointment . cassie it 's be three day . detective reinhardt you will get you key when you go back to school on Monday . and no friend over either . I mean it . i’1l be back as soon as possible . you get he whatever he need . ( to Jake ) you keep a eye on she . jake I 'il see to it she stay out of trouble , Dave . cassie give Jake a dirty look . detective reinhardt continue out . ( continued ) continued : Jake look ( 2 ) jake so what be this I hear about pizza ? cassie you tell I where I know you from and I will think about order pizza . a bit unsure . jake but you will be mad . cassie and you will be hungry . do you want some pizza or not ? 21 . Jake try to stand he ground , but quickly crumble . cassie 's eye widen as she slowly figure it out . jake you come over to the house for dinner once . about a month ago . cassie you Matt 's little brother , Jake ! jake I tell you you would be mad . cassie you little shit ! what do you tell my father ?! do Matt put you up to this ?! I know he and he little butt buddy at school be plan something ! you better tell I ! jake what do you mean ? cassie he know my dad 's be after this nutcase for month ! now , all the sudden , some naked guy 's chase you through the wood with a knife ! jake I be not lie ! I tell you dad the truth ! I swear ! ( continued ) 22 . continued : ( 3 ) cassie yeah , right ! I be call you brother right now ! cassie begin for the kitchen to grab the phone . cassie and he better come pick you ass up or I be gonna walk you back home myself and I and you parent be gonna have a little chat ! cassie grab the phone from the kitchen counter and dial . jake do not you think call my brother 's gonna make you look just a little desperate ? cassie what ?! jake here you be suspend from school . you dad take you car key . most of the school think you be a bitch for lie about my brother . now you be gonna ask he to come over ? if you ask I , it seem like a desperate attempt to get he back in you life . cassie hang up and hurry back into the live room , get in Jake 's face . cassie let I get something straight , little man . you brother 's a no good , cheating little bitch . if anyone 's call anyone back , begging to get back together , it 's he . jake you ever wonder why my brother step out on you in the first place ? cassie do tell . ( continued ) 23 . continued : ( 4 ) jake it 's you immaturity . you always pick fight when he call you on you bullshit . cassie oh really ? jake that way it be always he fault and you be always the victim . my brother say that 's what spoiled brat do . they whine and pout until they get they own way . cassie well you brother 's full of crap and so be you ! jake you be right . telling the entire school they boyfriend catch the crab from the girl 's soccer coach be not immature at all . I stand correct . you handle yourself like a true adult . cassie look as if she 's ready to slug the precocious teen . jake you think I could get a soda ? I be get kind of thirsty . cassie storm back into the kitchen and grab a twelve ounce soda from the fridge , shake it up , strut back to Jake on the couch and open it in he face . splash ! the soda explode all over he face and onto the couch . Dark cola run down he hair and he cheek . cassie set the can down on a coffee table in front of they . cassie let I know if I can get anything else for you . cassie strut off , head up the stair and out of sight . Jake try to shake the dark soda out of he hair . 24 , int . cassie 's bedroom cassie enter and slam the door behind she . she grab she ipod and ear phone . listen to some music as she angrily pace back and forth . she look down at one of several tear picture of she and Matt , still on the bed . she pick it up and place the two halve together . she walk over to a corner desk and tear off a piece of scotch tape . she desperately tape the two halve back together . ext . business district the mustang slowly cruise through the small business district , hit a bit of traffic . int . mustang from the back seat , we see the back of the killer 's head . he spot a homeless man push a shopping cart full of various garbage down a sidewalk . he slow the car down a bit , keep a steady pace with the homeless man . the man be dress in a old , wool navy blue suit , dirty white dress shirt and dark neck tie . he 's also wear a pair of black winter glove with the finger purposely cut off . a dirty hand with long , dirt infest fingernails honk the car horn . the scary man . beep ! beep ! beep ! the homeless man stare over at the driver , give he a dirty look . the scary man drive up the street a bit , pass the homeless man . he pull over to the curb with the engine still run . he wait until the homeless man approach and roll down the passenger window . ( continued ) 25 . continued : the homeless man stop and curiously peek into the window . he slowly stumble over to the car . homeless man hey , man . you be not wear no clothes . int . reinhardt home — live room Jake be absolutely bored as he flip through the hundred plus channel on television , find nothing . he impatiently toss the remote down on the couch . huffing in boredom . he look up and spot a picture of the reinhardt family hang on the wall . he walk over and get a closer look . David and wife be stand hover over little cassie , age twelve . Jake look down at the floor and notice a large laundry basket . he spot some of cassie 's underwear sit on top . he look at the stair , then safely walk over to the basket . pick up a silky pink thong sit on top of the stack . jake ( whisper ) whoa ! cassie walk in , catch the little pervert . cassie what be you do with that ? jake now I know what my brother see in you . cassie hurry over and snatch the panty from he hand . cassie be you do ?! jake I '' get hungry . you be suppose to take I to get pizza . cassie what be you gonna do ? tell my dad on I ? well guess what ? ( more ) ( continued ) 26 . continued : cassie ( cont would ) I do not really care . tell he what you want . cassie begin into the kitchen . jake why be you so mean ? cassie stop and begin back to Jake , get in he face . cassie first off , you call I immature . second , you be digging through my laundry like a little pervert ! you need another reason ?! jake no , I mean why be you so angry all the time ? my brother say that 's why you do not have friend . cassie and what else do he say ? jake he say when people try to be nice to you , you push they away . cassie oh , yeah ? well if you mother pick up and leave without so much as a note and stick you with a alcoholic father , let 's see what it do to you attitude . cassie storm off into the kitchen . jake I do not know . cassie open the fridge and rummages through the leftover , desperately search for something to eat . cassie how be you suppose to know ? it 's none of you business . jake what happen ? cassie angrily slam some boloney and a loaf of bread onto the counter behind she . ( continued ) continued : Jake slowl . cassie gral open , take cassie tak 27 . ( 2 ) cassie why do you wanna know ? you gonna have some smart comment for that too ? jake no . I be just ask . y shuffles toward the kitchen , closer to cassie . ibs a can of beer from the fridge and crack it 's a long , rebellious swig . cassie Long story short . my dad 's a no good , degenerate gambler who 's blow my entire college tuition on football . around the tenth time he could not pay he debt , they give up on threaten he life , so they call the house and threaten I and my mother instead . jake no kid ? you must have be real scared . cassie so after a couple year of non stop begging and plead with my father , my mother finally freak out and split . she say she all be back when my father straighten he life out . but she never do come back . that be a little over a year ago . what can I say ? thing have be just dandy since then . es another huge swig of she beer . jake you dad lose he job , do not he ? cassie how do you know ? jake my uncle Dale tell I . he say something about he take some money once . he say that 's the only way he could ever afford this nice big house . ( continued ) 28 . continued : ( 3 ) cassie my mother be a lawyer . one of the best defense lawyer in town actually . I guess that 's where I get my big mouth from , huh ? cassie smile . Nice memory of she mother be come back . Jack return she smile . cassie anyway . she win this pretty big case a few year back . some malfeasance case for this major corporation . there be a lot of money involved . when they win , she walk away with a big chunk of it . to pay she back , they make she partner at she firm and help she buy this place . of course , my dad use the rest of the money to bet on football and pay off he other debt . cassie slam she beer down and continue digging through the fridge . jake I be sorry about you mom . cassie yeah , right . jake no really . I mean it . and I be sorry if I upset you . cassie slam the refrigerator door shut . cassie you know , there 's nothing to eat in this damn house ! jake we could get pizza ? cassie turn and give Jake the evil eye . she slowly crack a smile , chuckle a bit . cassie what do you want on it ? ( continued ) 29 . continued : ( 4 ) Jake return she smile . ext . sidewalk —- crime scene the bum from before be now lay face down on the sidewalk , cover in a white sheet , nude and dead . it appear he nose have be break as blood from he face seem to have stain the sidewalk . his neck have also be snap . his shopping cart sit some few foot away , still on the sidewalk where he leave it . yellow crime scene tape be wrap around the surround tree , block off the perimeter . detective reinhardt and detective joe grime , black , early fifty , stand hover over the corpse . detective grime when I hear about you naked perp runnin’ through the wood , I think you have wanna take a look at this . detective grime pull back the sheet , expose the decease 's bare chest . he be nude . detective reinhardt no clothes . detective grime look like he bust he nose open first with some sort of blunt object . notice the deep thumb bruise on the neck ? he literally squeeze the life out of this guy . and he do it quickly . he be in and out of here in a matter of second . detective reinhardt who be he ? detective grime stand and grab reinhardt 's arm . he pull he away from the scene as the two man take a short stroll up the sidewalk . ( continued ) continued : 30 . detective grime we witness in the sandwich shop across the street say he be one of the local homeless . his name be Lucas . John Lucas . this very same witness spot a grey mid sixty mustang pull to the curb around the same time Lucas be kill . detective reinhardt so what about the mustang ..? detective grime I check dmv to see if any of we lady drive a old mustang ... detective reinhardt any luck ? detective grime no dice . detective reinhardt miss person ? detective grime I check recent case file . it just so happen that a gretchen morehouse report she eighteen year old daughter Linda miss some thirty four hour ago . any guess on the car she be drive ? detective reinhardt a mid sixty mustang ? detective grime bingo . I check a photo of this morehouse girl . she 's definitely we guy 's type . blonde , beautiful , popular . the prom Queen killer strike again . only this time , Dave , it be right in you own back yard . detective reinhardt so where be you at on this thing ? detective grime well . we guy 's kill one victim every month . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 31 . ( 2 ) detective grime ( cont would ) each one go miss , then turn up dead one to two week later . all of they find nude and face down in the trunk of they own car . literally hour after they death . all asphyxiate . none of the body sustain any kind of visible , physical damage . that mean he 's hold they for long period of time without actually touch they . when he doe finally finish the job , he keep it clean . painless . he also make sure we find they fast by parking they car in public place and leave the trunk open . detective reinhardt so if he 's not interested in sex , why be he leave they nude ? detective grime we have a couple theory . one be he can not get it up . and maybe he get himself off by watch . the other be he get off by humiliate the victim . that he 's undress they post-mortem . detective reinhardt and what do you think ? detective grime I think we guy 's try to tell we something . detective reinhardt like ...? detective grime like how strong he be . that this prom queen type be not worth he time . think about it . you nre this lonely kid . you can not get laid . you have be turn down by every chick in school . so you go pick out the hot girl in class , stick a knife to she throat and drag she out into the wood for some alone time . then you make she take she clothes off . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) detective reinhardt only you do not touch she cos you be better than she be . and you want she to know it . detective grime exactly . you just watch she beg . you wanna embarrass she and humiliate she , just like she do to you . but he do not do it quickly . he prolong it . it 's like the longer he go without touch this girl , the stronger he get . detective reinhardt and what better place than the wood ? she could scream she lung out for hour and nobody would hear . detective grime and he can not let she go after what he 's do . so he find the most humane way of complete the act . he hold they down until they simply run out of air . detective reinhardt when that become boring to he ... detective grime +.+e he will start hurt they for real . I figure it 's only a matter of time before this kid get knife happy . a woman in she forty cautiously approach the man . shut in , quiet house mother type . her clothes be old and wear . they almost look to have be sewn together with she own hand . this be janis rooker . her face be old , tired before she time . janis ( to grime ) Excuse I , detective ? the two man turn . janis be you detective Joe grime ? ( continued ) continued : 33 . ( 4 ) detective grime yes , mam . what can I do for you ? janis my name 's Janis rooker . I live just down the street . I see the commotion from the supermarket . I could not help but recognize the shopping cart on the sidewalk . Janis stare down the sidewalk at the body under the sheet . janis ( 0.s. ) I know this man . sort of . his name be John , right ? detective grime yes , mam . I be very sorry . janis my son tell I about he once . he would give he money from time to time . after awhile they become sort of ... strange friend you could say . Janis tear up , as if she 's go to lose it any second . detective reinhardt and grime share a confuse look . detective grime Mam , be there something you wanna tell we ? janis this might sound a bit crazy , but ... I think I might know who you be look for . ext . residential STREET the scary man , now dress in the wool , navy blue suit , dress shirt and tie , stand under a corner stop sign , stare down the street at the reinhardt home . we still c a time . a not see he face , just part of he , one piece at -- the back of he head . ( continued ) 34 . continued : -- his black glove hand , with the finger tip cut off . his long , dirty , unkempt fingernails stick out . -- a pair of dark , menace eye , open wide , gaze at the house in a almost trance - like state . the mustang be park against the curb across the street , out of sight . a woman walk she dog come up the sidewalk . as she come closer , she get a better look at the scary figure and be instantly frighten . she quickly scoops up she dog , curl in she arm like a newborn baby , and begin across the street . int . reinhardt home - bedroom cassie finish tie she shoe lace , grab a twenty dollar bill from she dresser and shove it down she pocket . she leave . stairway - continuous cassie hurry down the step . as she step into the live room , she hear the sound of a toilet flush . int . live room - continuous Jake walk out of a nearby bathroom , the toilet still flush . he run into cassie . cassie I do not even wanna know what you be do in there . jake use the toilet . cassie yeah , I bet . as soon as my back be turn . God . you little whacker be like machine . jake you be disgusting . besides . you do not keep any good magazine under the sink . ( continued ) 35 . continued : cassie sorry we can not be more accommodate . cassie grab Jake and walk he toward the door . cassie let 's go . jake hey . how come we nre not do delivery ? cassie because we nre gonna use the change to rent some movie , dumb bell . cassie and Jake walk out the front door , go to get the pizza . jake can we rent a porno ? ext . residential STREET from the stop sign at the end of the street , we watch cassie and jake walk out the front door and begin down the street . only this time , the scary man be nowhere to be see . we dolly right , move further down the connect street . we keep dolly right until cassie and Jake be no longer in sight . we move slowly along the curb until we reach the 1967 mustang , park out of sight . the window be dark , tinted . we can not see inside . int . mustang scary man ‘s p.o.v . he watch as cassie and Jake reach the stop sign at the corner and begin down the opposite end of the street . he start the engine and begin down the street toward they . the two be oblivious , ignore the oncoming car . ( continued ) 36 . continued : instead of follow they , he make a right turn and begin toward the reinhardt home . he slowly approach the front of the house and park . out step the scary man . scary man be p.o.v. the killer walk across the driveway and around the side of the house , toward the back yard . he approach a small chain link gate , open and walk into the back yard . there be a somewhat unkempt swim pool area . a lawn chair be open up where cassie be presumably lay out the day before . he continue to the back of the house and spot the back door . he open and walk inside . int . reinhardt home - continuous the scary man move further into the home , into the tv room . he stare down at the coffee table and notice only a jar of half - eat roast peanut . he move away from the live room and continue check the immediate area . he stare into the kitchen and notice the telephone sit on a charge . he walk toward it , snatch it up . int . apartment of janis rooker detective reinhardt and grime have a seat at the dinner table as Janis bring they coffee . janis ( 0.8 . ) I have be follow you case very closely around the time the third girl go miss . detective grime Courtney Harris ? janis yes . I be surprised when the news keep call he a sexual deviant , since none of the girl be report to have be harme sexually . ( more ) ( continued ) 37 . continued : janis ( cont would ) ( to both cop ) they be not , be they ? detective grime and reinhardt share a look . detective grime besides remove they clothes , they be never sexually assault . just asphyxiate . Janis fade off into a deep trance , think it all over . detective grime take notice of she strange behavior . Janis break she silence . janis when my Alex be fifteen , he be expell from school . he follow this girl into the shower room after class let out . he keep she there for nearly three hour before someone find they . detective reinhardt and grime share another look . janis first , he barricade the room so she could not get out . then he stick a knife to she throat and dare she to scream out . but never touch she . not once . just watch she beg for she life . detective grime what happen to the girl ? janis the janitor find they before he be able to ... do anything . because the girl be not hurt physically and Alex have no prior record , the court order he to a psychiatric hold for thirty day . detective reinhardt listen carefully . he 's get he old mind set back . janis a lot of good that do . when he be release , the doctor could not find anything wrong with he . they say he be a completely sane , healthy fifteen year old boy . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 38 . detective grime roll he eye a bit , shake he head in disbelief . janis ( 0.s. ) they could not explain what happen . neither could Alex . he tell I he could not remember any of it . detective grime do you believe he ? janis yes I do . it seem like he be grow more and more angry every day . this go on for week . until one day , something inside he snap . he just take off with no warning . detective reinhardt how long have he be go ? janis it be almost six month ago . he pack some clothes and he camp gear and leave . I have not hear from he since . detective reinhardt Camp gear ? janis Alex have a tent . he use to like to go camp with he father before he die . to tell you the truth , it be the last time I remember he ever be happy . when he leave , he take it with he . detective reinhardt stare off into the distance , look over Janis flashback detective reinhardt spot a mustang sit on the soft shoulder near the wood . head for the house . end flashback detective reinhardt snap out of it . him and Jake continue past the car , ( continued ) 39 . continued : ( 3 ) detective reinhardt Son of a bitch . detective grime stare up at he ex partner , confuse . detective grime what be it ? detective reinhardt ( to Janis ) this tent . what color be it ? ext . residential sidewalk -— dusk cassie and Jake strut up the sidewalk , head back to the house , carry a large pizza and a bag of some rent dvd movie . jake why could not we get any scary movie ? cassie because scary movie be stupid and senseless . jake what be you talk about ? horror movie have it all . you get you humor , romance , suspense , tit and ass . cassie I know it . you just wanna see a bunch of naked girl . jake you say that like it 's a bad thing . cassie you have a lot of you brother in you . you know that ? jake I think every movie should have naked girl . cassie oh , yeah ? ( continued ) 40 . continued : jake that way it would not be so hard to pick out a movie at the video store . you just walk in and grab one . that way if you get stick watch a chick flick , at least there 's naked babe . cassie laugh . cassie you be Matt 's brother , be not you ? Jake look up and spot the 1967 mustang sit at a curb . he stop in he track . Jake do not flinch . he simply stand in shock , stare at the pink car . cassie stop , stare back at he , wait . cassie what ? jake ( whisper ) come here . cassie what 's you problem ? jake that 's the car I see . at the park . cassie turn and stare down the street . jake do not look ! cassie you mean that car on the curb ? jake that 's he . it 's the man from the wood . I know it be . cassie stare down at the license tag . the word '' hottie '' on the front . she laugh a bit . cassie hottie ? how tough can this guy be ? ( continued ) 4l. continued : ( 2 ) jake it be near the wood . Close to where you dad pick I up . cassie turn and look at the car again . jake I say do not look ! cassie recognize the license tag on the front of the car . cassie wait a minute . that 's Linda morehouse 's car . jake who ? cassie Linda morehouse . she 's head cheerleader . her plate say '' hottie '' just like that one . jake she live around here ? cassie no . she life across town . ( squint , confuse ) nowhere near here , actually . jake do she have short blonde hair ? kind of curly ? cassie yeah . jake you see she at school lately ? cassie stop . ponder a bit . cassie no. actually , I hear she miss the pep rally today . cassie stare up at the mustang , now a bit scared . cassie let 's just keep walk . but stay behind I , out of sight . okay ? ( continued ) 42 . continued : ( 3 ) Jake nod . the two begin up the sidewalk , a bit faster this time . cassie check the mustang car and notice the headlight come on . cassie shit ! walk faster ! cassie and Jake be now hurry , almost trot up the sidewalk . the car pull away from the curb , inching along the side of the street , keep a steady pace with cassie and Jake . jake he 's follow we . cassie I say stay out of sight . cassie spot the stop sign ahead . they street . cassie we nre almost there . when we get to the stop sign , I want you to run like hell to the house . you get it ? jake I get it . cassie and Jake be almost to the stop sign as the pink car slow to a halt , wait for they . they finally reach the corner . cassie run !!! cassie and Jake drop the pizza and movie and make a run for it , down the street , head back to the house . the car speed around the corner , pursue they . cassie turn and spot the car barrel towards they . cassie get on the sidewalk ! cassie and Jake run onto the sidewalk , off the street and out of harm 's way . ( continued ) 43 . continued : ( 4 ) the car speed toward they , could easily kill they both , but try not to outrun they . he 's simply toy with they . they quickly approach the house and hurry towards the front door . they run inside and lock the door . int . reinhardt home cassie and Jake be out of breath , hide behind the door . they peek out the window and spot the pink car sit outside with the light on and the engine run . cassie come with I ! cassie grab Jake by the arm as they run into the kitchen . a phone charge sit empty . cassie the phone 's go ! where the hell be it ? cassie and Jake both notice that the back door be wide open . someone have break in . they look at each other . jake what about you cell ? cassie shit ! my dad take it ! along with my key ! ( beat ) my dad ! cassie grab Jake by the arm and pull he towards the stair . cassie come on ! they hurry up the step . int . upstair hallway cassie and Jake run into a nearby bedroom . her father . she immediately go to a corner closet and reach up as far as she can , grab a small , leather zipper bag from the top shelf . ( continued ) 44 , continued : she unzip it and pull out a chrome - plate snub nose .38 caliber . she check the chamber for bullet . jake be you gonna shoot he ? cassie no. I be gonna scare he . come on . cassie grab Jake and pull he with she . int . stairway - continuous cassie and Jake hurry down the step and approach the front window . cassie stare outside at the pink car , light still on . jake so what 's the plan ? cassie I do not know ! shut up and let I think ! cassie and Jake stand in silence , neither of they come up with any idea . cassie okay . I know what to do . just stay here by the door . be ready to open it . okay ? Jake nod . cassie okay . here I go . cassie step out the front door . ext . reinhardt home cassie slowly and clumsily begin toward the park car by the curb , point she gun towards it , look very nervous and unsure of herself . cassie alright ! the cop be on they way ! so you better leave ! ( continued ) 45 . continued : the car do not budge one inch . cassie right now ! ( beat ) if you do not ... I be gonna shoot ! the car simply sit with the engine run . not move . cassie I mean it ! I be gonna count to three ! if you be still here ... I be gonna start shoot ! do you hear I ?!l... the car still sit by the curb . cassie one !... two !... Three !... the car do not budge . cassie alright ! that 's it ! I be come over there ! if you be still here by the time I get over there ... 1I ' 1l blow you head off ! cassie slowly stumble over to the park car , she arm fully extend , gun point at the windshield . cassie here I come ! ( to herself ) oh God , please do not let I die . cassie move closer and closer , walk around the car to the driver 's side . she stare into the open window and see linda morehouse ( 18 ) sit behind the wheel , dead , deep thumb bruise on she neck . choke to death . cassie back up a bit , in shock . a arm reach from under the car and grab she ankle . cassie trip and fall to the ground , drop the gun . the gun be toss a good two foot onto the pavement . the long knife - like finger of the killer tear at she leg , slice they up . ( continued ) 46 . continued : ( 2 ) she struggle to stand as the scary man step from under the car . he hover over she . cassie finally manage to stand and dart back toward the house . the scary man slowly stride toward she , slow enough to give she a head start . before cassie have a chance to beat on the door , Jake open it , let she in . int . reinhardt home cassie and Jake by the door . cassie he 's get the gun ! get upstairs ! now ! Jake run up the step , out of sight . cassie begin for the garage . she open a door and run inside . int . garage cassie pull out a large five iron from a old golf bag sit in a dark corner . she run back inside . int . live room - continuous cassie head for the back door to lock it . as she pass through , she look out the kitchen window and spot the scary man pass by . she run for the back door , try to beat the killer to it . she 's too late . the scary man enter , hold the .38 snub nose in he hand . he slowly begin toward she . he hold out the gun , ready to fire . all the color drop from cassie 's face . she 's a sit duck . the scary man twirl the gun around on he finger , with the handle now point up and out . point at cassie . cassie be completely confuse by this . she simply stand with the golf club in hand , ready to swing . ( continued ) 47 . continued : the scary man walk over to the kitchen counter and set the gun down , with the handle point at cassie , dare she to grab it . he step a good distance away from it . about as far away from the gun as cassie be from the gun . cassie look back and forth between he and the pistol , contemplate she next move . she make a run for the stare . int . stairway -— continuous cassie dart up the step with she golf club , not look back . on a wall downstairs , we notice the shadow of a man walk towards the staircase , take he time . int . upstair hallway - continuous cassie run down the hall , search for a place to hide . cassie jake !!! cassie open one of the side door , check inside the room . cassie where be you ??? Jake open a door at the end of the hall . jake cassie ! over here ! cassie peek she head around the door frame , notice Jake at the end of the hall . she run toward he . she run inside and shut the door . int . stairway the scary man strut up the step , take he time . he step off and continue down the hall , check each of the door . they be all unlock . in the other hand he be carry the .38 revolver . he continue check the door until he 's reach the end of the hall . he grab the knob and try to open . it 's lock . 48 . int . cassie 's bedroom cassie and Jake huddle together on the floor , hold each other tight as they watch the door knob move back and forth . cassie ( whisper ) when he come in , you hide under the bed . jake what be you gonna do ? cassie shhh ! the door knob shaking continue a few second . then ... stop altogether . jake what 's he do ? ext . cassie 's bedroom the scary man step away from the door and open the chamber on the revolver . insert — gun there be six shot leave . he empty the bullet into he palm . all six shot . back to scene he begin toss they at the door , one by one . tap ! then another ... tap ! another ... tap ! int . cassie 's bedroom cassie and Jake listen at the tapping on the door . ( continued ) 49 . continued : cassie what be that ? ext . cassie 's bedroom the bullet bounce off the door and hit the carpet below . tap ! then another ... tap ! the scary man quietly begin back down the hallway , away from the bedroom . int . cassie 's bedroom cassie and Jake sit in complete silence . wait . jake what 's he wait on ? cassie I do not know . ext . wood — near the park detective reinhardt and detective grime rustle they way through the dirty wood area , back at the scene of the crime . they come across the blanket spread out on the ground . detective reinhardt here 's where the kid find they . detective reinhardt look all around he , stare into the tree . detective grime what be we do here again ? detective reinhardt it 's gotta be around here somewhere . detective grime what have to be around here ? ( continued ) 50 . continued : detective reinhardt he have to have be campe here for the night . it 's the wood . he 's out of sight . it only make sense . detective grime do not you think he would have pick up he stuff and cover he track by now ? the kid see he . he 's a witness . detective reinhardt exactly . between I and the kid , I think we scared he off . I do not think he have time to come back and collect he thing . just keep look . the two man venture deeper into the wood . detective reinhardt hurry faster and faster through the tree . detective grime try to keep up . ext . reinhardt home — night the 1967 mustang be still park out front . int . cassie 's bedroom cassie and Jake be still hold each other tight . they have barely budge in hour . Day have now fall to night and they be still wait in terror . jake I think he might be go . cassie maybe . probably . I have not hear anything . Jake slowly stare up at cassie , watch she closely . jake cassie ? cassie yeah . what be it ? ( continued ) continued : cassie doe 51 . jake there 's something I should probably tell you . cassie what ? jake my brother never cheat on you . he just tell you that so you would break up with he . 's not quite care at this point . she be scared stiff . almost freeze with fear . she simply roll she eye at the young boy . cassie be that so ? jake he want to start see this other girl , but be not real sure how to break thing off . he figure if he tell you he cheat , you would never wanna talk to he again . I just think you should know . cassie ( sarcastic ) oh. okay . I feel a lot better know that now , Jake . thanks . jake I know it sound crazy . but my brother do not wanna hurt you . he just do not want you to think it be you . it be he . he just want to see other girl . that 's all . cassie grow angrier with every word from Jake 's mouth . jake he do not even believe in cheating . my dad cheat once . almost break up we family . I guess in a way ... he lie for you . to spare you . cassie squint in confusion . ( continued ) 52 . continued : ( 2 ) cassie I see . let I see if I can get this straight . so instead of simply break up with I ... or be honest and tell I he want to see other people ... he decide to kick my heart in and embarrass I in front of my friend . all because he want to ... spare my feeling ? be that what you be tell I ? Jake stare at the wall , ponder it all . jake do not make much sense , do it ? cassie not much . no. jake well . I just think you should know . Jake stare over at cassie to see if she 's pay attention . he want to tell she something . it 's on the tip of he tongue , but can not seem to spit it out . something personal . jake sometimes I miss my dad . he 's always work . I be usually in bed by the time he get home . cassie be not pay much attention . she simply stare at the floor , exhaust . when we do talk , all he ever do be yell at I . I get in trouble a lot at school . this catch cassie 's attention . she can relate . jake my guidance counselor think it 's because of my father . he say I get myself in trouble for attention . he say I like it when my dad have to leave work to come talk with the principal . like I be get back at he for not pay enough attention to I . ( continued ) continued : 53 . ( 3 ) cassie be you ? jake I do not know . I guess in away . I guess I have get a lot of anger issue . kind of like you . maybe that 's why you say what you do about my brother and Mrs. Clark . because you want attention . you want people to feel sorry for you . cassie oh yeah ? or maybe you brother 's just a creep . jake so what about you ? cassie what about I ? jake Studies have prove that when people go through near death experience together , they form a unlikely bond . they share they inner most secret with one another . I tell you about my brother and my dad . so what about you ? you have anything to tell I ? cassie look away from Jake , a bit embarrassed . she slowly come around . cassie I miss my mother . sometimes it 's hard not have a woman around to talk to . it 's because of my dad that I ...well ... I have not be too good with relationship . you know ? boy ? it 's like I have this unconscious hatred for man . it 's like deep down I know they be all gonna grow up to be irresponsible ass hole like my dad that drink and gamble and screw around on they wife . jake he can not be that bad . ( continued ) continued : 54 . ( 4 ) cassie my dad ? you do not know the half of it . jake you should not be so hard on he . cassie oh , yeah ? why not ? jake it 's gotta be hard enough on you dad , be that you Mom 's go . I think you two should make the best of thing and try to get along . sure would make thing a lot nicer around the house . instead of bite each other 's head off . but what do I know ? I be just a kid . cassie turn to Jake , smile . he 's make a great point and seem to have touch a nerve with cassie . cassie I be not completely honest with you about my mother . jake what do you mean ? cassie I mean she 's dead . Jake be shocked by cassie 's secret . he simply stare at the floor . cassie huf cassie about four month after she split , she be diagnose with leukemia . a little under a year later , she die . it 's like she just could not take it anymore and she body just give out . fs in pure disgust . cassie can you believe that ? my own mother be die and I could not even be there for she . ( continued ) 55 . continued : ( 5 ) cassie shake she head in bitter disgust . bad memory of she mother 's illness be hit she like a sack of brick . cassie she be always healthy as a horse . worked out , run three mile a day . she have never even be to the doctor . not once . they tell I cancer kill my mother , but I know better . that bastard make she sick . all she do be worry about I . she worried so much , it kill she . jake my grandmother have cancer . she die . her and my grandfather be marry forty five year . they love each other . whatever you think you dad do to you Mom , you should not think that . I be sure he miss she as much as you . cassie when that gun be point at I . I think that be it . that I be never gonna see my dad again . I remember what it be like to lose my mother . I get so scared . I guess I have be too hard on he lately . jake you guy should have a talk . cassie yeah . you nre right . maybe you and you dad should talk too . jake only if you do . cassie smile . cassie I promise . Jake turn he attention to the door . he watch it carefully . jake why do you think he do not kill we ? ( continued ) 56 . continued : ( 6 ) cassie how be I suppose to know ? jake we should check to see if he car be still here . cassie it be . I just check a minute ago . we would have hear it . jake maybe he run away . all of the sudden there be the sound of footstep come down the hall . the floor creak a bit . cassie oh my God . jake he 's come . the footstep stop at the door cassie spot a yellow note be sly under the door . something write on notebook paper . she carefully walk over and pick it up . it say ... look in the hall cassie show it to Jake . cassie I be gonna check it out . jake be you crazy ? do not open the door . cassie just stay back . Jake hand she the golf club . cassie slowly open the door and stare down the hall . cassie 's p.o.v . she spot the .38 snub nose lay on the floor in front of the bathroom . the gun be all the way at the end of the hall . ( continued ) 57 . continued : ( 7 ) cassie stare down at the floor and spot the six bullet scattered all over the place . back to scene cassie step into the hall . int . hallway cassie quickly bend down and begin pick up the shell , one by one . she stuff they in she pocket and shut the door . int . cassie 's bedroom cassie stay here . whatever happen , stay put and keep the door lock . jake where be you go ? cassie to check something . jake forget that . you be not leave I here . I be go with you . cassie no you be not . jake yes I be ! I be not stay in here ! cassie be red with anger . she quickly kneel in front of Jake , grab he by both arm and jerk he toward she . her eye wide and focus . cassie look . my dad give I real simple instruction . and that 's to keep a eye on you until he get back . if you get kill , I be never gonna see my cell phone or my car key again . we do not have a car ... a phone ... or a weapon . I think we situation be bad enough without you complicate it . ( more ) ( continued ) 58 . continued : cassie ( cont would ) so just sit down and be quiet until I can figure thing out . get it ? Jake sense the seriousness in cassie 's eye . he back off . jake I get it . cassie good . now lock the door behind I . cassie leave . Jake quickly lock the door behind she . int . hallway cassie hold up the five iron , ready to strike as she slowly shuffles down the hallway . cassie 's p.o.v. she watch each door carefully as she make she way closer to the gun . she come into view of the staircase . she look down the step and spot the scary man , a.k.a. alex rooker stand near the top . now brand a steak knife from the kitchen . back to scene cassie stare back and forth between he and the gun on the ground . a few moment pass and she forcefully toss the golf club at he head . he duck , barely dodging it . cassie charge after the gun , grab it from the floor , but be eventually grab from behind by Alex . he push she against a wall , pull she arm behind she back , listen to she scream out in pain . he push she face into the wall so hard she can barely catch a breath . he slide the tip of the knife up and down she back as she struggle to breath . he pull she away from the wall and push she into the bathroom . cassie stumble to the cold , hard floor . she quickly shut the door on he . int . bathroom — continuous cassie lock the door on Alex . she look over at the mirror and notice in bright red letter ... ( continued ) 59 . continued : now what ? cassie frantically begin search for weapon . she rummages through the cabinet under the sink and spot a first aide kit . series of shot -- she grab a small pair of sucre and stuff they in she pants . -- spot a candle sit on the counter . -- search the drawer . find a ignitor , the kind use for lighting barbecue . -- she stuff the lighter in she belt loop as if she be a cowboy carry a gun . -- spot a can of AIR freshener sit on the sink . she stuff that in she pants along with the small scissors . -- take off one of she sock . drop a bar of soap into it . slap the homemade weapon into she palm , try it out . ext . reinhardt home —- night a car slowly pull to the curb , just a couple house down from the reinhardt 's . out step archie the slovenly loan shark from the park . he be brand a small caliber weapon in he belt . he quietly begin toward the reinhardt house , suspiciously watch he surroundings . check for witness and such . archie begin around the house , to the back yard . int . back door - live room archie approach the back door , stare inside . he quietly open the door and enter . he pull the weapon from he belt and slowly move through the house , search for any sign of life . he spot Dave 's office in the corner and begin toward it . 60 . int . dave 's office archie enter . he begin toward Dave 's desk , search all the drawer . one of the drawer be lock . he use a knife to jimmy the drawer open . Inside be a small , manila envelope fill with loose bill . he give the cash another good sniff . archie mmmm . second best smell in the world . archie look up , notice the shadow of a man walk past the office . he drop the envelope and point he gun in the direction of the doorway . he slowly begin out of the office . ext . dave' office archie walk out . he turn to the right and begin toward a corner bedroom . the door be wide open . int . bedroom he step inside and notice ... a body of a person under the sheet he slowly begin toward the bed with he gun point at the body . archie nap time 's over , David . he pull the sheet back . it 's a bunch of pillow . alex appear behind archie . his face curtail by he long hair . archie sense someone behind he and spin around , point he gun at Alex . archie who the hell be you ? Alex simply stand ... silent . archie okay . you do not wanna talk to I ? ( continued ) 6l. continued : archie pull the hammer back on he gun . archie talk to this . in a blink of a eye , Alex twist archie 's wrist around so that the gun be point at archie . before the gun go off ... we quickly CUT : int . cassie 's bedroom Jake be still wait patiently . very still . then ... bang ! the sound of archie 's weapon go off cause he to jump . jake cassie ? int . upstair bathroom cassie be visibly startle by the gunshot . cassie ( to herself ) daddy ? int . bedroom archie 's dead body on the carpet . Alex place the gun in he pants and begin out , simply leave archie on the floor . int . wood —- near the park —- night detective reinhardt and grime be now brand flashlight , still search the wood . detective reinhardt think he spot something in the distance . a green tent . a campsite . detective grime will you wait up ? I can not even see where I '' go . ( continued ) 62 . continued : detective reinhardt walk into the private campsite . Alex 's tent . detective reinhardt this be it . detective reinhardt inspect the surroundings . -- a small radio . -- a oil lamp . -- a bunch of empty food can . Soup , bean and weiner , tuna fish , beef stew . anything he could have easily steal from the local store . he step into the tent and spot a stack of recent school yearbook . he flip through one of they , check a few of the school photo . some of the girl have a red circle around they picture . all beautiful , popular . some of they with a strike through the center . he set the book down and pick up another . the same thing . photo of beautiful young girl with red strike through they picture . detective reinhardt take a look at this . detective reinhardt hand grime a couple of the yearbook . detective grime they be from different high school . all over LA . where the hell do he get this ? detective reinhardt Public record , maybe . local library . he be campe here for at least a couple night . he probably relocate for each of the girl . detective grime but the morehouse girl do not live anywhere near here . detective reinhardt do you check the boyfriend ? ( continued ) 63 . continued : ( 2 ) detective grime yeah . I think she mother say he stay out this direction . the last she hear , Linda be on she way to she boyfriend the night she disappear . detective reinhardt he could have follow she here . set up camp for a couple night . enough time to get what he want from she . detective grime where be this kid ? detective reinhardt we have get all he next victim right here . we just gotta figure out who 's next . detective reinhardt open up a Glendale High School yearbook and spot a photo of he daughter , circle with a red marker . detective reinhardt I gotta get home , right now . detective grime what be it ? detective reinhardt pass he the yearbook as he dart off , back into the wood . detective grime I gotta call this in ! detective grime take a look in the yearbook . spot cassie 's photo . he hurry after he ex partner . ext . bathroom door - upstair hallway cassie carefully open the bathroom door and step out . she look in both direction . she head toward the staircase and begin down , quietly . as she reach the halfway mark , she notice that Alex have barricade the bottom of the step with large furniture . the front door two . he 's trap they in . ( continued ) 64 , continued : cassie ( whisper ) shit ! cassie walk down a few more step and try to get a better look into the live room . she hear someone rummage around in the kitchen . cassie 's p.o.v . she spot the shadow of someone walk around in the kitchen . the light be on . back to scene cassie continue watch on . try hard to stay out of sight . int . kitchen Alex frantically search the pantry for can goods . anything for the road . there be kitchen drawer spill out onto the ground . various household need all over the kitchen floor . he quickly fill large garbage bag full of food , can opener , flashlight , battery . anything he can find in the house . int . stairway cassie quietly hurry back up the step . int . cassie 's bedroom Jake be curl up in the corner , still scared to death . cassie knock on the door . cassie ( 0.s. ) Jake ? it 's I . Jake run over and open . jake where be you ? cassie he 's in the kitchen . ( continued ) 65 . continued : cassie immediately shut the door behind she . jake then let 's make a run for it . we can go out the front and run to the neighbor or something . cassie we can not . he 's get the staircase block . the front door too . even if we make it off the stair , we still have to get past the door . jake what be we suppose to do ? we can not just sit here and wait for he to kill we . cassie if he want to kill we , he would have do it by now . jake so what do he want ? what be he do ? cassie 's eye frantically wander around the room , go over idea in she head . she stop when she spot a photo of she and she father hang on the wall . cassie dad. jake what ? cassie of course . it 's my dad he want . not we . jake I do not get it . I be the one who see he . why would he want you dad ? cassie grab Jake by the hand and walk he over to she bed . they have a seat on the edge . cassie my dad be investigate this murder just before he be kick off the force . a high school girl . ( more ) ( continued ) 66 . continued : ( 2 ) cassie ( cont would ) strangle to death and find in the trunk of she car . she be naked . Jake stare off into the distance , piece it all together . cassie there be this kid who the police department like for it . a ex boyfriend of the victim . a rich kid name Danny myer . the media hate this kid . he be really arrogant and cocky . he even bragge about how he wish he be the one who kill she . the tv and newspaper make he out to be the killer before all the evidence be in . jake I remember . it be all over tv . you dad be the head detective back then , be not he ? cassie nod . cassie they be put a lot of pressure on my dad to put he away . when he could not get any evidence against myer to stick , they do a investigation . they find out he take money from this kid 's parent . twenty thousand dollar . jake they pay you dad off ? cassie my dad have all this outstanding football debt . he bet a lot back then . until this man come to the house one night and tell he if he do not come up with twenty grand by the end of the week , my mother and I would disappear . so he tell the myer , for the right price , he have bury any evidence connect they son to the murder . he be desperate . he do not have a choice . ( continued ) continued : 67 . ( 3 ) jake but what about myer ? do he do it ? cassie my dad never like myer for the killer . he always think the real guy be more of a loner . not popular like this other kid . someone who be not good with girl . someone who have either kill before or be gonna kill again . myer have a clean record . he do not fit the profile . jake so what happen to he ? cassie to myer ? nothing . this same killer murder five other girl since my dad be throw off the force . Danny myer have a solid alibi for all of they . it could not have be he . jake so the guy I see in the wood today be the real killer ? cassie he must nve see you with my dad and decide to follow you home . jake but why do not he just kill we and get it over with ? cassie I do not know . maybe we be like he hostage or something . maybe he 's plan on use we as bait for my father . one thing 's for sure . we just can not sit here and wait for he to kill we . jake so what be we gonna do ? cassie if I can make it to the computer , I can myspace some people for help . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 68 . ( 4 ) cassie ( cont would ) they can call the police . it 's we best option . jake where 's the computer ? cassie it 's in my dad 's office , near the step . jake but you say ... cassie I know . i’11 have to crawl over and hope he do not hear I . jake but you be too big . cassie give he a dirty stare . jake I mean ... I '' smaller . I will not make as much noise . cassie you think you can make it ? jake I can make it . a lot easier than you . cassie okay . here 's 's the plan . you email for help . I do not care if it 's everyone you know . just get someone to call the cop . you be gonna be quiet , sit and wait . and you be not gonna make a sound . make sure as soon as you get there to lock the door . jake then what ? cassie then we wait to see if the cop show . jake and if they do not ? ( continued ) 69 . continued : ( 5 ) cassie look away , think it over . she figure it out . cassie I be gonna distract he . jake whatta you mean ? cassie I be gonna go for the garage . he will hear the door open and come after I . that 's when you make a run for the back door . you keep run to the neighbor and you call for help . jake what about you ? cassie I can probably make it . jake and if you do not ? cassie I can not think about that now . ( beat ) okay . so be this the plan ? Jake stare at the floor , a bit unsure . he take a huge breath , nervously exhales . jake alright . let 's do it . I be ready . cassie okay . Real quiet . let 's go . cassie and Jake quietly begin out the door . int . stairway cassie and Jake slowly begin back down the step . cassie peek over the railing , check for Alex . cassie 's p.o.v. she spot he eat something in the kitchen , with he back turn to she . ( continued ) 70 . continued : back to scene cassie okay . he 's not look . you be gonna have to go now . jake I be scared . cassie I know , but you have to go now . it all be okay , just be quiet . Jake begin crawl over the side of the railing . he knock over a pot plant , sit on a small end table . it erash to the floor . crash ! cassie go !!! Jake panic , drop to the ground and run for the office . Alex reach he hand through the railing and grab cassie 's leg , pull at she . she kick he hand away . cassie spot the five iron club , still sit on the step , and grab it . she hold it like a baseball bat , ready to swing , but Alex be go . nowhere in sight . cassie jbrke !!! Jake shut the office door behind he . int . office Jake lock the door and run over to the computer at the desk , have a seat . a bright screen saver glow on the monitor , the system already boot up . Jake grab the mouse and stare down at the desk . notice a message write on yellow note pad . it say ... nice try . next time , you die ! it 's sit in the same spot where the keyboard use to be . BA look of complete panic on Jake 's face . ( continued ) 71 . continued : suddenly , Alex break open the door and walk in , brand the large steak knife . Jake jump off he seat , attempt to hide behind the desk , but Alex be quick to snatch he up . he hold Jake as he hostage , put the knife to he neck and walk he out of the office . int . / ext . office - continuous Alex and Jake continue back into the live room . the tip of the sharp knife at Jake 's jugular . jake cassie !!! int . stairway cassie spot Alex and Jake walk across the live room and lay low . she wait until they pass by , out of view of the stairway . cassie then quietly crawl over the railing . she drop to the floor and crawl across it like a soldier in combat , hold the golf club in she arm like a rifle . cassie peek around a corner wall , search for Alex and Jake . she look into the live room and kitchen . they be nowhere to be find . she slowly stand up , keep she back firmly on the wall , take another look . still nothing . in the open background , we wait for Alex to pop up behind she . we keep wait , but he never show . cassie move back toward the staircase , be very slow and very quiet . she walk around the bottom of the step and back toward the kitchen , golf club in hand , ready to take a huge swing . it be strangely quiet , no sign of Jake or Alex . hiding behind a nearby wall , wait , be Alex and Jake . the problem be , we do not know where this wall be . Jake 's mouth have be duct tape shut . he can not make a sound . the knife still to he throat . ( continued ) 72 . continued : cassie move into the kitchen area . she notice the pantry door be wide open . the look on she face suggest Alex be wait for she in there . she jump in front of the door with the golf club . a real threaten stance , ready to take someone 's head off . there be no one inside . suddenly , Jake be violently toss to the kitchen floor . his body fly from around a corner , out of nowhere . cassie be so stunne that she drop the club to the floor . she hurry over to Jake , check on he . she roll he over and notice he mouth tape up . cassie Jake ? Alex hover behind she , knife in hand . Jake look past cassie , over she shoulder , give she the signal . cassie turn around and spot Alex hover over she . Alex grab she by the shirt , pull she from the floor . he hold the knife to she throat for a few second , fueling cassie 's fear even more . cassie be tremble all over , she mouth quivering . Alex grab she by the hair and force she into the live room . he push she toward the couch , bend she over the side . cassie scream out in a panic as Alex use a steak knife to rip she shirt up the back . he rub the tip of the blade up she skin as she scream out even harder . Jake watch in horror from the kitchen . he look to he leave and spot the set of steak knife on the counter top , minus one knife . he run over and grab one of they . he then hurry over to Alex and forcefully drive the blade into he back . Alex drop he knife and stumble away from cassie . he look down at Jake and strike he across the face . Jake fall to the floor , grab he face in pain . ( continued ) 73 . continued : ( 2 ) cassie pull herself off the couch and turn around with she lighter in one hand and the can of air freshener in the other . cassie hey , ass hole ! Alex turn around , face cassie . cassie light the small flame and spray the toxic liquid onto it , create a kind of home make blow torch . the large flame strike Alex in the face . he grab he face and turn away , disorient . cassie spot the steak knife on the ground and bend over to grab it . Alex be too fast for she . he grab she by the hair and force she into the live room . Alex violently toss she to the floor , grab she arm and pull it behind she back . he force she onto she knee as cassie scream out . cassie jake !!! run !!! run !!! Jake stare at the back door , contemplate make a run for it , but do not want to leave cassie . cassie run !!! get outta here !!! Alex run he long , knife - like fingernails across cassie 's cheek , tear she skin in little bloody streak . Jake head for the stair . jake hey ! Alex ! come on ! it 's I you want ! remember ! I see what you do ! come on ! come and get I ! Alex stop with cassie and stare over at Jake . jake that 's right ! come on ! come get I ! Jake crawl over the railing and head back upstairs , run as fast as he can . ( continued ) 74 . continued : ( 3 ) Alex pull cassie from the floor and walk she toward the garage with she arm behind she back . int . garage the dirty garage be cluttere with tool and other house hold goods . laying in the middle of the oily floor , with she mouth duct tape and she arm tie behind she back be cassie . Alex hover over she , finish tie up she foot with some rope he find in the debris . cassie wiggle on the ground like a worm and grunt out loud as Alex slide the blade across she bare arm . Alex leave she , head out of the garage and upstairs . he shut the door behind he . cassie grunt even louder , know that Jake be do for . int . live room Alex pass through the live room on he way to the staircase . he approach the bottom of the step and angrily push the furniture out of he way . he begin up . stairway he pull the steak knife out of he pants and grip it in he hand . alex' p.o.v . Alex stare up the step toward the second floor . back to scene Alex 's leg as he slowly continue up the step . he tap the tip of the blade on the railing . tap ! tap ! tap ! over and over . 75 . int . upstair hallway Jake be hide behind a wall . he hear the tapping of the knife on the railing . we notice a out of focus Alex come up the step in the background . he almost reach the top when ... Jake turn the corner , grip a iron . not a golf club , but a actual iron for irone clothes . he smashes the smooth , flat metal surface into Alex 's face . Alex stumble down the step , all the way to the bottom . he be disorient , but not unconscious . he grab he face in pain as he struggle to stand . Jake hurry down the step toward he , still hold the iron . he attempt to hit he again , but ... Alex start come around . he hold he knife out ina threaten pose , ready to defend himself . Jake drop the iron and make a run for it . Alex once again drop the knife on the stair and grab he face in excruciate pain . int . downstair Jake run from room to room , closet to closet , open door and search for cassie . jake cassie !!! where be you ??? then , a guest bedroom . int . guest bedroom Jake run inside . a spare bed be make up . the room be immaculately clean . jake ( whisper ) cassie ? you in here ? Jake check under the bed to see if she 's hide . in the background , we see alex walk across the floor by the staircase . ( continued ) 76 . continued : Jake turn he head , notice he walk by the stair and then out of sight . he quickly hide under the bed . under the bed he stare out into the hallway , wait . jake' p.o.v. he listen as various door in the house be open and shut . kerplunk !... kerplunk !... kerplunk !... then silence ... back to scene Jake squint a bit . wonder where Alex be . Alex then walk into the room , come from the opposite end of the hall . Jake do not even see he come . he hold he breath , try to lay as still and quiet as possible . Alex 's leg stay dormant . he simply stand , surveying the room , then ... after a few moment ... finally step out . Jake shut he eye , sighing in relief . he keep he eye shut , scared beyond belief . he finally compose himself and open he eye . he stare out in the hallway , search for Alex . jake' p.o.v. nothing . no Alex , not even a sound . back to scene int . guest bedroom - continuous Alex stand hover over the other side of the bed , knife in hand , wait for Jake to make a run for it . under the bed Jake still wait , stare into the hallway . 77 . int . garage cassie be now cry . tear run down she face . she wiggle on the ground even stronger , try to break free of she tie . she desperately stare up at the garage opener on the wall . int . guest bedroom Alex still hover over the bed , stand as still as can be . under the bed Jake slowly and quietly crawl from under the bed and hide behind the wall , near the door , stare into the hall . Alex move out of sight , to the side of the bed as Jake continue to stare into the hall . Alex grab a porcelain lamp from a night stand and throw it at the wall over Jake . it shatter , piece fly everywhere . Jake scream out in a panic and look up , spot Alex on the other side of the bed . he run back into the hall . Alex follow behind , take he time . int . hallway Jake dart down the hall , make a run for the garage . he open the door and step inside , shutting the door behind he . int . garage - continuous Jake instantly notice cassie tie up on the floor . she stare up at he . crying out . Jake run over and rip the tape from she mouth . cassie ( whisper ) open the garage and run ! get outta here ! get help ! Jake try to untie the rope , but can not . it 's too tight . ( continued ) 78 . continued : jake I '' gonna have to cut it off . cassie just get out of here ! go ! Jake crack open the door , peek inside the house . jake' p.o.v. he spot Alex walk toward the kitchen , stare in a completely different direction . back to scene Jake begin crawl on the floor , stay out of sight . he look up and spot the house stereo in the live room , near the tv . Jake smile a bit . he 's get a plan . int . kitchen Alex set down he knife on the counter and begin rummage through the appliance . -- under the sink . -- open the kitchen drawer . he find a battery operate turkey slicer in one of the drawer . he crank it up . ZZZZ2Z2222! the slicer make a rugge , high pitch sound . Alex and he turkey slicer slowly begin out of the kitchen and toward a corner closet across the room . he open it . no Jake . he slowly move on to the next room . Jake peek he head around a corner and watch as Alex disappear from the kitchen and enter another room . Jake quickly , but quietly run into the kitchen and grab the knife from the counter . he run back into the live room and grab a stereo remote from the coffee table . he point it at the stereo and turn it on . the music be loud , but not quite loud enough . ( continued ) 79 . continued : ( 2 ) Jake run back behind the wall by the staircase . he point the remote at the stereo , turn the volume all the way up . the loud rock music blare through the house at a excruciate level . Jake drop the remote on the floor and cover he ear . he run back toward the garage . from another room Alex grow annoyed by the music . he hurry back toward the live room . int . garage Jake walk in . cassie be still cry . her eye completely well up with tear . Jake run over and press the button on the wall , open the garage door . he quickly begin cut the rope from cassie 's foot and hand . cassie hurry . int . live room Alex hurry in , stare over at the stereo in the corner . he rush over , mash button , try to turn it off . match CUT to : int . garage Jake still cut the rope from cassie 's hand . the rope tear off . now , he begin cut the rope from she foot . cassie come on ! the garage door be almost completely open . match CUT to : int . live room Alex finally find the power button on the stereo and shut it off . he hear the faint sound of the garage door open . 80 . int . garage Jake finally cut off the rope as he help cassie back on she foot . they turn and notice ... alex stand in the open doorway . they make a run for it , out of the garage . ext . garage — outside driveway Jake and cassie take off run . Jake be much quick , darting off in the direction of the neighbor house . cassie trip and fall , face first onto the concrete driveway . she struggle to stand . cassie jake !!! Alex begin after she . he turn she over , back on the ground . he rub the tip of the turkey slicer across she chest and listen to hear scream out in a panic . he hold the blade back , as if he 's go to stab she , but he stop himself . he set the blade down and begin chock she with he bare hand . Jake stop in he track and look back , watch on as Alex choke the life out of cassie . he run back toward they . Alex stick he thumb into cassie 's neck , harder and harder . her face turn red . Jake walk up behind Alex and drive he steak knife into the back of he neck area . Alex spit up blood onto cassie 's face and fall over , onto the driveway , dead . cassie try to catch she breath . Jake stare down at Alex , take in what he 's do . he drop the knife on the ground and help cassie up . ( continued ) sl . continued : the two stare down at the killer , lay dead and limp on the driveway . CuT to : ext . doyle house cassie and Jake walk up to the front door of a nearby neighbor . they ring the doorbell . a few moment pass before the door open . tom doyle ( 5as ) answer . he 's sport a silk robe , a hairy chest and a three day beard . his hair point in every direction . a bit drunk . doyle do you know what the hell time it be ? cassie step back a bit . taken back by the angry neighbor . Jake check he watch . jake it 's 12:45 . doyle give Jake the evil eye . doyle I know what time it be . jake oh. cassie we really hate to disturb you , mister doyle ... doyle squint in confusion , stare the two kid up and down . a '' who be this people '' look on he face . cassie it 's I ...? remember ? cassie reinhardt from down the street ...? doyle yeah , right , okay . cassie reinhardt from down the street . what the fuck do you want ? ( continued ) 82 . continued : cassie I know it 's late , sir , but we really need to use you phone ? it 's a emergency . doyle what kind of emergency ? jake we kill someone . cassie quickly grab Jake and cover up he mouth with she hand . cassie he mean it 's a life or death situation and we need to use the phone right away . doyle give the two kid a unsure look . ext . reinhardt home detective reinhardt 's car pull up to the front of the home . the 1967 mustang car still park out front . in the driveway , we notice that Alex be nowhere in sight . out of the car step reinhardt and grime . detective reinhardt he 's here . detective reinhardt pull he gun . detective grime also pull he weapon . he walk over to the 1967 mustang two door and look inside . spot linda morehouse behind the wheel , dead . detective grime it 's morehouse . she 's dead . detective reinhardt check the back . I / x11 take the inside . detective grime begin toward the back yard , look very cautious . detective reinhardt begin into the house . 83. int . doyle house - live room Jake stand near the live room with he hand in he pocket , look completely exhaust . doyle and he girlfriend lucy ( 20 ) a dark vixen dress in a short black skirt , black fishnet , a revealing top and black leather boot , stare at the television in a stuper . doyle 's foot be kick up on a coffee table . Lucy 's leg be sprawle out over doyle 's lap . doyle pay she no mind . Lucy keep herself busy by rub she hand through doyle 's chest hair . she glance over at Jake , give he a seductive wink . Jake sport a fake smile for the accommodate neighbor . he look away in embarrassment . int . kitchen cassie call she father from the neighbor phone . she let it ring , over and over . cassie come on , dad . ext . reinhardt home we slowly move over from the reinhardt home to the detective 's car . we hear a cell phone ringing . we slowly move in through the driver 's side window . int . reinhardt 's car detective reinhardt 's cell phone sit rest on he dashboard . it light up as cassie 's call go through , unanswer . int . reinhardt home detective reinhardt discover all of the furniture block the staircase and the front door . a look of pure fear on he face . ( continued ) 84 , continued : detective reinhardt cassie !!! jake !!! he move further into the live room . int . live room detective reinhardt quickly do a sweep of the first floor , go room to room . he then move back toward the staircase . stairway detective reinhardt move he way past the furniture and up the stair . int . reinhardt 's car detective reinhardt 's cell phone continue to ring . the driver 's side door open and a hand reach in to grab it . it 's alex . ext . reinhardt 's car Alex answer the phone , not speak , but listen . match CUT to : int . doyle house cassie listen on the other line . cassie daddy ?! no answer . cassie it 's cassie . be you there ? match CUT to : ext . reinhardt 's car Alex hang up the phone . match CUT to : 85 . int . doyle house cassie on the other line . her father 's phone hang up . cassie daddy ? hello ? cassie quickly re-dial . cassie ( whisper ) shit . ext . reinhardt home —- backyard detective grime pass by the backyard swim pool , search all around he . he notice the back door be open . his cell phone ring . the caller id say dave reinhardt detective grime hey , partner . how you doin’ in there ? no answer . detective grime hey , you there ? Alex hang up . detective grime call back . he hear the sound of reinhardt 's cell phone ringing behind he . he immediately turn . detective grime hey , man , I find ... he stop mid sentence when he notice he ex partner be nowhere to be find . grime p.o.v. he look down and spot detective reinhardt 's cell phone lay on the cement , near the deep end of the pool . it 's still ringing . back to scene ( continued ) 86 . continued : detective grime drop he phone and grip he gun with both hand . he begin toward the phone and pick it up . the caller id say joe grime . detective grime what the hell ?... he turn back around and ... alex be wait . he drive a knife into grime stomach . blood literally gush from he stomach and onto the pavement . Alex toss the bleed cop into the deep end of the pool . splash ! grime body float like a buoy on the water . Alex continue into the house through the back door . int . bathroom detective reinhardt discover Alex 's message on the bathroom mirror . now what ? he quickly walk out , move on to the next room . detective reinhardt spot cassie 's bedroom door open and walk toward it . detective reinhardt cassie , honey ! it 's you father ! int . cassie 's bedroom detective reinhardt spot the yellow notebook paper on the ground . he pick it up . it read ... look in the hall he suspiciously look behind he , a bit scared . 87 . int . doyle house Jake sit on the couch watch television with doyle and Lucy . he stare into the kitchen at cassie who be desperately still try to reach she father . she hang up and quickly dial 911 . operator ( 0.s. ) 911 operator ? what 's you emergency ? cassie I need you to send someone to 1014 Perkins drive . a man 's break into we house . Lucy slowly turn around on the couch , stare over at cassie and look very concerned . lucy ( to doyle ) oh my God , Tommy . do you hear that ? somebody bust into they house . doyle 's eye be shut . he 's drift off into a deep sleep and could not care less . doyle mmm-hmmm . that 's nice . cassie on the phone . operator ( 0.8 . ) be this man still in you home ? cassie no . he 's in the driveway . we stab he . I be pretty sure he 's dead . doyle turn around , face cassie . doyle ( to cassie ) what the hell 's go on over there ? ( continued ) 88 . continued : cassie hang up . approach Jake in the live room . cassie do I a favor and stay here for a minute . I wanna check something . jake you be not go back out there ! cassie I be not go far . just stay here , okay ? promise I you will not move . cassie continue out . Jake be visibly scared for she . ext . neighbor house cassie begin down the street , slowly and cautiously . cassie 's p.o.v . cassie look to she leave , then right . paranoid that Alex will pop out at any second . she spot she father 's car in the near distance . back to scene cassie smile and begin run toward she house . ext . reinhardt home cassie approach she house . her father 's car park out front . a look of pure relief on she face . she move closer to the house and into the driveway . she be completely shocked to see that alex be now go . cassie daddy ! cassie run over to she father 's car and reach inside . she begin honking the horn . cassie daddy !!! int . cassie 's bedroom detective reinhardt hear the honk of the horn and walk ever to cassie 's window , stare down at she . ( continued ) 89 . continued : detective reinhardt cassie . ext . reinhardt home cassie notice she father stand at she window . cassie down here , daddy ! int . cassie 's bedroom detective reinhardt smile , know she 's safe . in the background , a bit out of focus , be Alex . he stand , wait for the cop to turn around . detective reinhardt open up cassie 's window and yell out ... detective reinhardt up here , baby ! ext . reinhardt nos car cassie stare up at she father . cassie get outta there ! he 's in the house ! int . cassie 's bedroom Alex still stand , wait . detective reinhardt take Jake and the truck and get outta here ! get as far away from here as possible ! Alex slowly begin toward he . he hold back he knife hand , ready to drive it into reinhardt . janis ( 0.s. ) Alex !!! stop !!! detective reinhardt pull he gun and spin around , before Alex can even react . ( continued ) 90 . continued : Alex simply stand freeze , brand the knife in he hand . he pay he mother no mind , but refrain from make a move on reinhardt . janis stand some two foot into the hallway . she be hold a gun on she son . a small caliber , .38 snub . she slowly and cautiously walk into the bedroom . Alex slowly lower he knife , still stare at reinhardt -- who be hold he weapon on he , ready to fire . janis just look at what you be do ! you break into this nice people 's home ! you nve frighten they child ! for what ? they have not do anything to you , have they ?! what do you want from they ?! Alex once again raise he knife , ready to attack reinhardt . janis alex !!! look at I !! you mother be speak to you !!! I know you be in there ! I know you can hear I ! what have you do ?! Alex once again lower he weapon and stare over at Janis . janis I know you hurt all that girl , Alex . but I stay quiet . I stay quiet a long time . think that I could somehow ... bring you back to I . I stay up every night praying , on my knee , you would come back . but it 's too late now , Alex . you have go too far and I can not protect you anymore . but I can make it right . this end right now . Alex completely lower he knife . he slowly release it as it hit the carpet . janis that 's it , Alex . come to mother . detective reinhardt slowly begin toward he suspect . ready to throw he to the floor . ( continued ) 91 . continued : ( 2 ) Alex quickly grab Janis 's gun hand and twist she wrist around so that the gun be now point at she face . he then grab she by the throat and push she back into the hallway . detective reinhardt charge after they . hallway Alex throw he mother against a wall and put the gun under she chin . she scream out in a panic . detective reinhardt charge around the corner and put he gun to Alex 's temple . he squeeze off a shot . bam ! Alex 's blood cover reinhardt and Janis 's face as Alex 's dead , limp body drop to the floor . Janis scream out in horror . blood curdle scream ! her only son be dead . janis no ! oh GOD ! no !!ii !! nollitt alex !!! detective reinhardt stare down at the young boy in complete shock . his jaw completely drop to the ground . he be absolutely sicken by what he 's do . Janis continue scream out uncontrollably . janis no !!! alex !!! detective reinhardt 's body almost go limp as he fall against the wall and slowly drag to the floor . his gun fall out of he shaking hand . he huff away in complete exhaustion . the sound of police siren be hear in the b.g. patrol car be pull into the driveway . int . kitchen - day detective reinhardt build he , cassie and Jake a boloney sandwich . he finish spread a bit of mayo on he bread and lick he finger . cassie walk in , look a bit refresh from the night before . ( continued ) continued : 92 . detective reinhardt I make some lunch for you and the squirt . cassie where be he ? detective reinhardt he 's 's be in the bathroom for damn near twenty minute . cassie stare over at the bathroom door across the room , close . she smile . laugh a bit . detective cassie he must nve find a magazine he like . detective reinhardt what ? cassie nothing . never mind . reinhardt hand cassie she plate . a boloney sandwich and some potato salad on the side . she take a bite . detective sandwich . cassie so . why do not you let I drive he home ? detective reinhardt I should probably talk to he parent , face to face . do not you think they be gonna have some question ? cassie yeah , but . the kid 's still ground . I figure he parent be gonna be piss he leave the house . I think after what we have be through last night , he could use the break . I think maybe we could go hang out somewhere . reinhardt smile . take a chomp out of he ( continued ) 93 . continued : ( 2 ) detective reinhardt yeah , I bet . you wanna talk to he about Matt . cassie so ? I just wanna know if I still have a chance . that 's all . detective reinhardt and this be the same Matt who run around on you with some other girl from school ? you know how I feel about this kid . cassie he do not cheat on I , dad . he just tell I he do so I no break up with he . detective reinhardt you sure you two should even be together ? cassie I do not know . maybe . I think it might be worth another shot . detective reinhardt shake he head , give up and take another bite of he boloney . detective reinhardt do not make it too easy for he . cassie I all try not to . detective reinhardt what the hell . I guess you could use some time out of the house . cassie smile . a toilet flush in the background . out step Jake . detective reinhardt and cassie both turn , stare at he . Jake stop in he track . jake what ? ( continued ) 94 . continued : ( 3 ) detective reinhardt do you wash you hand ? detective reinhardt wink at cassie . cassie burst out laugh . jake why be everyone laugh at I ? ext . reinhardt home —- driveway - day cassie and Jake walk out of the garage and over to cassie 's car , sit in the driveway . jake so since you be drive I home , you think about go to see my brother ? cassie now why would I do that ? jake because after last night , you have learn life be too short and too precious to hold stupid grudge against people . and sometimes it 's just easier to admit when you be wrong . cassie smile . cassie I bet you think you be pretty smart , do not you ? jake no . this be just common sense stuff . cassie so how about you ? you think I deserve a second chance ? jake not really . but you be hot . hot go a long way . cassie smile , run she hand through he hair and smack he on the butt . ( continued ) continued : cassie ( cont ’d ) okay , smart guy . get in . Jake continue around the car . jake you know what , cassie ? cassie what ? jake 95 . I do not think I will be watch any scary movie for awhile . Jake crawl in the car . cassie yeah . I either . cassie get in the driver 's side . they pull away from the house and down the street . we watch as the car slowly disappear around the corner stop sign . the end cast Dave reinhardt martin kove cassie reinhardt heather tocquigny Jake wincott boo boo stewart Joe grime brian thompson Tom doyle jeff conaway archie '' the bookie '' danny trejo doyle 's girl vikki lizzi fade to black . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) 96 .