dark CITY by Alex proyas revised draft November 29th , 1992 darkness a low rumble increase in volume . fade up : a black -gloved hand wrap around a bulky electrical lever , thrust forward . SNAP ! - electricity arc through darkness . o.s. sound of machinery turn on . title over montage of clock start - various . second hand turn - ticking get louder . int . bathroom - night shadow dance . a bare bulb swing from the ceiling revealing : clothes on a chair , puddle of water on the floor ... sleeping eye in and out of darkness . the eye open . confusion . widen angle on jonathan white - a man in he early thirty , dark feature . he sit up . Water splashes . he 's in a tub of long cold water . his neck aches like he 's be sleep forever . he look down into the murky water around he . a feint movement beneath the surface , something swim - a SMALL dark shape . startle , he leap from the bath . angle - the swinging light bulb . the man 's hand reach up , stop the light - bulb mid swing . he step to a circular window . the glass be crack , cover in grime . he wipe it , this only smear the dirt . it 's dark out there . ext . build - night angle on white - from outside the window , through blurry glass . a rapid flying p.o.v. pull back in silence . the window be a speck on the side of a vast grey tower . back in the bathroom White shiver , cold . he stare down at the puddle he drip on the floor . he look at he foot and leg , cover with numerous SMALL bite . he dry the bloody wound with a towel . he pick up the clothes lie on the chair , put they on . loose trousers with brace , a plain shirt , leather shoe with hole in both sole . in he trouser pocket he find a key - a room number on a plastic tag . he hear splash in the bath -tub . he step over , look into the murky water . suddenly a SMALL silver fish leap from the water , land at he foot , panting heavily and flap about . he lean down , pick the fish up , throw it back into the water . like a blind man , he feel the wall , come to a door in the shadow . he hear something on the other side , hesitates , hand inch from the doorknob . he lean down . tight on he eye blink through the key-hole . p.o.v. of a empty room - a glimpse of motion - the door across the room ( lead to a corridor ? ) be shutting . int . HOTEL room - night white push the door open , step into the adjoin room . no sign of life . cheap decoration . he walk around cautiously . turn light on . then reconsider . turn they off again . disturb , he study he feature in a wall mirror . angle on OPEN bathroom door - the fish have jump from the tub again and be flap on the floor . White step back into the bathroom . he pick up the fish again , do not know what to do with it , so he put it in he pocket . back in the other room he search through thing . a grey overcoat in the closet . he go through the pocket , find a wallet . no i.d. , just a laundry bill , some money and a postcard from a sea-side town . angle on a revolver on the bed-side table . he pick it up , he grip tighten on the handle , he finger apply pressure to the trigger and ... bang ! the gun go off . a bullet ricochet wildly around the room , bounce off the metal bed-head , smashes a vase , embed itself in the wall . startle , he hold the gun away from he like it might go off again . he examine it carefully now . open the chamber . tight on the gun - five bullet leave . he turn the chamber carefully , shut it , put the gun in the inside pocket of the coat . he move to the bed . a ripped photograph on the rug . a fragment of a woman 's face , she leave eye . he lift the fragment up . there 's handwrite on the back , part of a note : ... means the most to me. love you forever . - E ... the rest be miss . he sit on the edge of the bed . as he do this , he notice something else on the floor . he p.o.v. - follow a dark stain on the floorboard , to a woman 's bare foot behind the bed . he stand abruptly , fumble across the bed to stare into a dark corner of the room . in the shadow he can make out a woman 's naked body lie in a pool of blood . her eye stare lifeless . White stumble back in horror , throw he hand across he mouth . int . HOTEL corridor - night White stumble from the room , lean against a wall for support . light flicker . at the end of the corridor , elevator door open . Light and musak flood out . int . lobby - night White stagger from the elevator , move past a desert front desk . a voice from the back room : HOTEL manager o.s. hey , you ! you gotta message . White stop , look uncertainly towards a bead curtain . white what ? manager o.s. message in d' box ! you deaf ? White see several nook for message and key in front of he . reaching across the desk , he glance through the bead curtain into the manager 's office . television sound o.s . he p.o.v. hard to see - the man sit in the chair , light by the glow of the t.v. set . White grab the note , look at it . a phone number , also he room number , and what appear to be he name : jonathan white . that 's all . White thrust the message in he pocket . manager o.s. get my money ? white what ? I ... how long have I be here ? manager o.s. jeez , too damn long if you ask I ! what about the two week y'owe I ... totally confuse , White turn to leave , see something . stop . he p.o.v . - a painting on a wall ( cheap print variety ) - wave on a beach . a breeze rustle the page of a calender , pin beside the picture . tight on white - move in on he ear . o.s. SOUND - surf crash on shore . a woman' voice whisper : voice o.s. what be you name ... what be you name ... he back away from the painting , look about the lobby in panic - see a sign : toilet . a paint hand point the way . manager o.s. hey ! white ( without turn ) I will be back later . manager o.s. yeah . well , y'better be . camera reveal a figure - watch from a shadowy corner of the lobby . as White run out , the mystery man pick up a pay - phone , dial . whisper into the receiver in a foreign language . int . corridor - night White push shakily through a red door , run down a corridor . pipe steam and drip water . he round a corner , slip , nearly fall . int . men' room - night puddle on the floor , stain on the wall . White burst through the door and into a cubicle . he bend over a toilet bowl and vomit . another angle he look up , wipe he mouth on he sleeve . a breeze tug at he stringy hair . a tiny ventilation grill above the cistern look out at the street . he p.o.v . - outside sheet of newspaper blow past . a full moon , surround by blood red cloud , hang above empty street . int . cinema - night a watch - on a hairy wrist . second tick past . Soft flicker light . voice o.s. angle on frank bumstead - police inspector . he look down at the watch . time to leave . he stand , head for a illuminate exit sign . image flicker on a screen . the inspector rush to the door , run into a usher , who gasp . bumstead ( to usher ) gesundheit ! bumstead quickly move off . int . cinema lobby the inspector make a call , lick the tip of a pencil , scribbles in a notebook . behind thick glass , he argue soundlessly into a phone . big in foreground - a popcorn machine rattles noisily . inside the booth the inspector be upset , face strain . a male voice chatter quickly through the receiver . bumstead ( cut in ) ... but you tell I the meeting be ten-thirty . a burst of chatter . bumstead I know , sir , but I can not make it at nine-thirty ... it 's - um - well , inconvenient ... a stream of chatter stop he . bumstead yes , sir ... I understand ... yes ... but , I have do fine so far without a assistant ... the inspector try to interject as the voice cut in again ... bumstead but ... but I ... I ... ( defeat ) nine-thirty . yes . int . men' room we be underwater . white 's face swim into view . bubbles spew from the mouth , the eye stare in horror . angle on men' room White wash he face in a sink . he look up , wipe he face dry with he coat . he turn towards the door to leave . there be two - identical . he can not remember which he come through . take a guess , open one and step into darkness . he realize he 's pick the wrong door , try to go back but the door click behind he : lock . int . concrete tunnel pitch black . trickle water . a distant voice over a p.a. system recite name , follow by number . a light , far away . White walk towards it . he step into a bare concrete area , a public phone hang on a blank wall . he pull a coin from he pocket , put it in the slot , dial the number on he message . ringing - no answer . suddenly White feel cold . voice o.s. there you be . startle , White drop the phone and turn . a figure move forward out of darkness : angle on the mystery man from the hotel lobby . the stranger wear a long black coat , dark glass , and have extremely pale skin . he be completely bald . he study White carefully . White glance about nervously - walk back up the corridor , he eye pin to the man . mystery man you be lose , yes ? White retreat faster . a flash of steel - a dagger appear by the stranger 's side , grip in a black leather glove . he move forward , a grin on he pale face . White stop , back against the wall . mystery man co-operate . do not make this difficult . White panic - he 's cornere . he remember the revolver . he pull it from he coat and level it at the stranger , he hand shake terribly . on the stranger continue to advance . something about he eye make White immobile , unable to think clearly . mystery man you will not shoot , yes . there be a place in you mind , a corner of darkness ... the gun fire again and again . Red splashes appear on the man . his shoulder . his leg . his neck . he walk forward , with spastic jerk as bullet rip into he . a final shot point blank into the stranger 's forehead . a stream of black liquid spout from the hole . Blue smoke clear . the man stand motionless , he mouth hang open . then he eye roll up , and he collapse to the ground . int . morgue - night clicking of new leather shoe , walk , strike tile . inspector bumstead stride down a silent corridor . he reach into he pocket , remove a surgical mask , place it over he nose and mouth . wider angle bumstead step up to a bald man with a moustache stand at the end of the corridor . the man , who be dress identically to the inspector , be he superior : chief -inspector stromboli . bumstead good evening , sir . stromboli yes . this way . stromboli lead the inspector into a tile room contain several cover body . the two man be greet by a cheerful - look mortician . mortician welcome , gentleman . youíre early . here for the examination , right ? stromboli nod , then ignore the mortician and walk along the row of corpse . bumstead follow . stromboli the handiwork of a extremely sick individual . he throw back cover to reveal horrible mutilation . stromboli youíve read the report . not much to go on . we know nothing about he , except that he like to cut they ... always the same type of blade . forensics match in each case ... anyway , it 's all in the report , read they for yourself . stromboli shake he head , turn away from the final body , look at the inspector . stromboli why be you wear that thing on you face ? bumstead germ , sir . this place be full of they . stromboli I see. ( continue ) one thingt for sure , het ambitious . youíll be a busy man from now on . mortician you can say that again . stromboli look annoyed at the smile man . the mortician become serious and go back to he work . bumstead what about Thompson , sir ? be not this he case ? stromboli Thompson suffer a kind of severe delusion or some damn thing . anyway he be not with we any longer . the case be yours . go through he file . take what you need . ( less business - like ) by the way , howt you mother ? bumstead shet get better , thanks . she ... stromboli ( cut in ) very good ... the chief - inspector turn , pace to the door briskly . stromboli lett go , bumstead . so much to do and so little time . ext . build - night a large fade billboard advertisement on a building facade . a portrait of a smile woman clutching a product call , " lump - o " - a cereal box carton . the camera move in steadily , rise upwards , closer on the womant face , finally enter a hole at the centre of she painted Iris . int . stair -well a rafter room on the other side of the billboard . camera tilt to a convolute staircase - at the base , the shadow of a man run . feet pace rapidly . tilt up to reveal - white . camera follows as he try to lose himself from possible pursuer . he step through a low archway into a back alley , round a corner . a dead -end . White stop , look around , then up . het breathe heavily , try to catch he breath . he start to shake . above , the wall stretch into darkness . a open way up there - he can see star . something dark cross the gap of sky . a rushing noise in the distance . wind start to pick up . trash be be kick up . a sheet of newspaper wrap around whitet leg . he try to kick it away repeatedly but it will not come off . he bend down , grab it to throw it away , but something grab he eye . he stare at the page for a moment - then he legs slip from under he and he fall to the ground . he hold he head like it ís go to explode . a whimper deep in he throat . his body be tremble violently . push in tight on the paper on the ground . a front - page headline : man-hunt continue for serial killer ! White look up - terrify . the rushing noise o.s. again . he p.o.v. on the wall face he , a door have appear where moment before there be nothing . the door creak open to reveal another door within . this one extend outward on the end of a lengthen wooden shaft . White , stand quickly , thrust the newspaper into a pocket . tries to side - step the advancing door but itt too late , he can only open it and step through , to avoid get pin to the wall . int . HOTEL lobby - night hand -held p.o.v. through the sway bead hang in the back - room doorway . two figure peer into the room . figure 1 we be look for Jonathan White . the HOTEL manager look up , move forward into light : a squat , hunch - back man with glass . he step through the bead , glare at the intruder . manager what for ? on the men - a uncanny resemblance to the one who try to kill White . Black coat , glass , pale skin . creepy . a black glove hand flash forward , grip the managert face and doesnít let go . the manager struggle , gulp for air . het push back heavily against the wall . man 1 which room be he in ? the leather glove squeezy , blood trickle from the managert ear , through the finger . int . room 43 another ( very short ) figure be search the room . he hear noise o.s. in the corridor , run to the door , press against the wall . on the man - fredrick - a stunt body , a oversize head , thick limb . the rest of he feature lose in shadow . the door swing open , a shaft of light flood the dark room . on the two mystery men as they step in and look around . they search the room , knock stuff over . one of the man kick at the womant corpse in the corner . behind he , fredrick , still hide near the door , slip into the corridor unnotice . ext . flying p.o.v . - night a flying perspective past building . a insect -like buz o.s. Way down below , in a canyon of silent building , a lone figure walk . ext . down on the STREET a breeze pull at whitet hair and coat . he take out the wallet - a few dollar . he p.o.v. as he walk the city be dead . empty . desolate . building hang down out of black . Day -time be never invent . as he put the wallet back in he pocket , a business card he have not notice , flutter to the ground . he stop , pick it up . in simple print : doctor d.p. schreber M.D. , a phone number . scribble handwrite on the back say : Thursday 0930 . on white - he glance across the street . he p.o.v . - a cafe . a break neon fish buzze above the doorway . int . chinese cafe he walk up rickety stair , into a small room with five or six table . empty . dirty . he sit and wait . a clock tick on the wall - midnight . White cough , for attention . a noise from a doorway . a shadow move towards he , drag one foot as it walk . a SMALL asian woman appear and limp to he table . she speak very quickly in chinese . he do not understand . she point to a chalk board on the wall - a list of dish also in chinese , only one in English - the last one . at the bottom . in small print . " noodles " . white ( nod ) the noodle . iíll have some noodle . the old woman rip a yellow ticket from a pad , give it to White . a number on it . she point she crooked finger again at a speaker BOX above a small serve window in the wall . a greenish fluoro pulse from the room within . woman we call . she leave again . White look about the empty room . insect be zap on a illuminate device hang on the wall . a old air-conditioner rattle noisily . noise from the kitchen - voice argue in chinese , a baby cry . then silence . White remove the newspaper from he coat and spread it on the table . he overcome he fear , start to read the article . leans forward , hand tremble . without realise , he hold the paper over a candle burn on the table . the paper catch FIRE , be engulf . he drop the flame page on the table . now the table - cloth start to burn . White be frantic . on a nearby table he find a pitcher of water , and dump this on the flame . it kill the fire but leave a black hole in the table - cloth . the paper be ash . he move to another table pretend nothing happen , fan the smoke away . int . police station - night bumstead be move quickly . he suddenly trip and fall to the floor . he curse under he breath , then look up . he p.o.v. a door - thompson : detective /inspector on the frost glass . bumstead stand , push into the office . inside a total mess - paperwork everywhere , dozen of use coffee cup , rotting food in greasy paper bag . bumstead shake he head . bumstead a real shame ... he start to look around . tight on filing cabinet - a drawer be pull open . thompsont file be also a mess . bumstead continue to shake he head . he reach for a file . a loud SNAP ! bumstead ( scream ) yaaaaaaaaah ! he recoil . a mousetrap have snap over he finger . he pull it off he hand , throw it to the floor , cursing . int . chinese cafe White be still wait for he food . he lean down to scratch a itchy ankle , lift he trouser leg to examine the bite - worse , inflame . he use a napkin to wipe at the pus . aerial perspective of a fly - circle the room , look down on White . on the fly - it land on a plate of half eat food on another table . the creature be some kind of surveillance device - half insect / half machine . it ís spying on he . move in tight as inbuilt camera lense focus in its head . it shit on the food behind it . White be oblivious to this . het finish examine he leg , be sit quietly . he yawn . his head nod forward briefly . a noise . White look up . a trap - door have open in the ceiling . two foot in black leather shoe descend from the hole . a sea breeze blow through the room . the SOUND of surf , seagull crying . on whitet nose twitching . he can smell the ocean . the wallpaper come alive - like a seethe tangle of worm . one by one , three men in black coat lower into the room , float on air . they pull out knife , step forward . on white rigid with terror . on the men - though they face cannot be see clearly in the gloom , they too resemble the man who confront White earlier . they walk towards he slowly , hold knife above they head . ready to attack . they lean over he , pause dramatically . man 1 do not fall asleep . ( chuckle softly ) might never wake , yes . this man turn to the other . they all smile , then turn back to White . men ( in unison ) fifty-six . another voice have be speak softly - now it be louder . repeating : voice fifty-six ... fifty-six ... angle - a chair fall to the floor . White leap up from the table , terrify , disorient . just a dream - he have doze . widen angle - the place be still empty . White glance to the serve window . a dish wait for he , frame in the glow fluoro square . he get it . a bowl of soupy liquid with noodle . he sit down . he be about to start eat - realize he have a fork instead of a spoon . pick up the bowl again , he head to the kitchen . int . corridor he take a door beneath a set of wooden stair and find himself in another corridor . he look about , unsure which direction to go in . int . series of room - later White be lose , still hold the soup . he move through a number of rusted metal door that open and shut automatically . each reveal another room or corridor . desert space long forget - dusty , crumble . he feel the fish move about in he pocket , pull it out and look at it . White hold the die fish in one hand , the bowl of cold soup in the other . disgust , he put the fish into the bowl . int . corridor a ticking SOUND o.s. White stop . look up . a large clock suspend from the rafter . a tug at he coat . stand beside he be fredrick - the little man from whitet hotel room . fredrick ( stutter ) where have you be ? the doctort be worried about you . white what ? who be you ? fredrick look nervously down the corridor . fredrick címon , lett go ! we do not have any time . the little man grab whitet sleeve , start to pull he along . white hold it a minute . lett start at the beginning , huh ? angle on - the top of a set of stair in front of they . two dark figure appear . fredrick look up at they in horror . frerick shit! ( look at White ) Quick ! run ! both man run like crazy , White awkwardly hold the bowl of soup . they come to a junction , each take a separate corridor . fredrick find some stair , climb two at a time . White climb into frame , look around , find another corridor . the little man be nowhere to be see . White reach another junction - several corridor branch off . he p.o.v. panning around each passageway completely desert . white shit . he keep run . int . HOTEL lobby a photo flash - illuminate the dead body of the hotel manager , slump in he own blood . bumstead lean into frame , examine the corpse . he notice several stab wound in the mant abdomen . various cop search the room . one cop walk up to the Inspector . cop we get another one upstairs bumstead ( deadpan ) great . int . room - night a SMALL room with arched window that look over the city . fredrick be pull a notebook and pen from under a upturn table . he scrawl rapidly , screw the message into a tight tube , then put it into a metal cylinder he find beneath the table also . he glance out a window , notice a figure stand beneath a street - lamp below , look up at he . startle , fredrick dart back into shadow , go to a wall cover in about a dozen vertical pipe run up into the ceiling . tight on one of the pipe - he open a small hatch and put the metal cylinder in it . the cylinder be snatch from he hand , suck into the pipe with a rush of air . wider fredrick step back , a sigh of relief . a shadow fall across he back . he turn . he scream . int . / ext . various tight - rush along length of rusted pipe , at blind speed . the cylinder race around corner . it clank and grind . hurtle up the side of a building . then plummet underground . rushes through darkness . ext . bridge - night the camera move along a bridge- like structure . a enclose corridor support by rotting wooden pylon . under the bridge , pipe spew sewage into stagnant water . angle on white walking - see through a series of illuminate , dirty , window . he occasionally glance into the bowl he hold before he . inside tight on the fish swim weakly in the soup . angle on white - he stop , look up at o.s. SOUND of clatter metal . a pipe run the length of the corridor - the invisible clanging cylinder race away , into darkness . then the silence be shattered by a pierce series of scream somewhere in the building . White hurriedly move towards the source . another corridor White round a corner , stop , notice a small rectangular hole in a wall . another scream , weaker now - he run to the hole in the wall and look through . he p.o.v. a small , very order room . a fake fireplace bathes the room in a warm glow . White crane he neck forward , stretch he head through the hole . he can see into a adjoin room to he right - two dark figure stand over a man on the floor lie in a pool of dark crimson . the man look up - itt fredrick - just as both dark figure stab he repeatedly with bloody dagger . he doesnít scream this time , just gag on blood run from he mouth . suddenly a slide door slam onto the back of whitet neck , trap he head in the hole . he struggle , try to free himself . drop the bowl of soup . it shatter on the hard floor , make a mess . inside the bathroom - the killer look up at the smash noise . back in the corridor - White pull with all he strength . the door give and he stumble backwards . he be about to run away but glance at the floor . the fish be flap about - still alive . ext . STREET White dart from a doorway , trip and fall . he sprawl at the base of sweeping stone step . he look at a building tower above he . chisell in the facade , above the entrance : library . int . police station a series of ply - wood silhouettes race through frame . stop suddenly , mechanically . loud gunshot . chunks of ply- wood blast away violently . bumstead be practise he marksmanship . a hand - on he shoulder . he whip around , startle . on miss crenshaw - a young , stiff - look woman . bumstead dammit ! miss crenshaw sorry , sir . bumstead do not ever sneak up on I like that ! who be you ? miss crenshaw Patricia crenshaw . she put out she hand . miss crenshaw I ím you new assistant . bumstead I do not requisition a secretary . miss crenshaw the Chief - Inspector think you might need a hand . bumstead ( uncertain ) oh. he take she hand tentatively . they shake . miss crenshaw iíve take the liberty and have Inspector thompsont office searched , as I believe you instruct . all clear now , sir . they find several more trap and thing be file under pretty strange category ... poor man . bumstead good . miss crenshaw you will not regret this , sir . bumstead Fine . bumstead move off . int . library White step into a vast , empty room , stop beneath a big sign say , silence in formal letter . the place seem abandon , then he notice a hint of movement . cigarette smoke snake into the air , a light , across the expanse of polished floor . he walk up to a elderly female librarian sit behind a desk , smoking , read . White look somewhat distraught still . white keep newspaper here , birth certificate , record of death , that kind of thing ? the librarian look up from she book . librarian which would you like first ? white okay . newspaper . she take she glass off . her eye be tiny , like pin-head . she study White . librarian be you alright ? he look around - restrain panic . white ( look at the woman ) sure . I ím fine . librarian ( nod ) mmm-hmm . stair at the end of the hall . third floor . turn leave . section C - 7 . row 35 , near the toilet . she replace she glass , watch White rush away . librarian do not mention it ... she blow she nose into a handkerchief . the snort echoes loudly . int . library corridor White rush down a dark hall line with bronze statue . he find section C then walk between tower row stack with old volume . come to number 7 . he follow a arrow past row after row - finally find row 34 but then it skip straight to letter again , a , B , C , etc . no row 35 . he stop and look around - sure enough a door display a small sign : toilet . White be sweat profusely . he now sit on a chair , take off he shoe , rub he foot . he pull a book from a shelf behind he , look about , open the book and tear several page out , fold they , stuff they into he shoe to plug up the hole . he get up , try to backtrack , come across a elaborate diagram of the library interior . a arrow point to a section near a wing label : map . near the arrow it say : you be here . he keep walk . he find the door to the map wing but the door be lock , a sign be nail to it : we be remodelling . we apologize for any inconvenience . White , annoyed now , try to force he way in . put he shoulder to the door , push several time . it crumble under he weight - rotten . he find himself in a dusty room . he p.o.v. a narrow room , fill with row of bookshelve with stack of old newspaper . tight on white - he step forward , pull a fold newspaper off the shelf . the instant he pick it up , it crumble to dust in he hand . he pick up another , and another , each in turn break apart and dissolve to nothingness . int . dark chamber - night two silhouetted figure face each other across a polished black table . they speak in a foreign language . a phone ring . figure 1 pick up the receiver and listen attentively . figure 2 be involved with various metal shape he be try to lock together . a complex puzzle . he get impatient with the puzzle , dash it to the floor . figure 1 , on the phone , hang up and write something . hand the note to figure 2 , who in turn drop it into a chute . control room the note fall from a slot in the wall before figure 3 ( in shadow yet again ) . he read from the note over a silver microphone , still in the unfamiliar tongue . tight on a speaker - he distort voice . a final mysterious person - figure 4 - listen to the announcement . he take a stick and move a small cut - out figure of a man across a board , away from a large grouping of similar cut-out . the board resemble a plan table in a war-room . a high angle as the camera pull back on the grouping of cut out figure . more and more of they . ten. twenty . a hundred . a sinister army . int . intersecting STREET - night White be in a phone booth . he remove the note from he pocket , dial . no answer again . he dial the operator . a muffle voice over the line . white I ím try to reach nine zero eight triple two . I canít get through ... ( beat ) what ?!... ( angry ) shit ! he reach into he pocket , pull out a coin , put it into the slot . het sweat again . he wipe he brow with a tremble hand . white it be ?... which area be that number list in ?... be that near the ocean ?... the ocean ... never mind . have a Jonathan White list ?... white . seventeen ? all johns ? I see ... never mind . he hang up , then remove the business card he find in he wallet . he be about to dial but decide otherwise . he step into the street . a high angle White walk between tall building , towards a narrow street that branch off into two separate route . he stop . he canít decide which branch to take - he step to the leave , then step back , take a few step to the right , reconsider again ... int . police station / bumstead office - night track along - pile of tower file burst at the seam with paperwork - to find bumstead hunch over note , photograph and file . his eye be rimmed with red . he doesnít seem to be get anywhere . crenshaw o.s. coffee ? he look up . the secretary stand in the doorway with another big pile of paperwork . bumstead what ? I do not drink coffee . a cup of tea would be good . milk and no sugar . crenshaw put the paperwork down on bumstead already overcrowded desk . crenshaw make progress ? he look at she like she just slap he . bumstead this be the investigation of a madman . he have fabricate a entire bizarre paranoid delusion with no internal logic whatever . ( without look up ) this be a mess . a horrible mess . ( look at she now ) it ís the second time now . miss crenshaw look concerned . bumstead look at this ! he hold up a sheet of white paper - a report . the woman step over and look at it . bumstead you type this report ? miss crenshaw yes , sir . anything wrong ? bumstead wrong ? look at this ! the woman bend down , adjust she glass , examine it . miss crenshaw it seem fine . bumstead Fine ? look here ! his finger point at the bottom of the page - a tiny , insignificant ink smudge . bumstead how can I submit this ? miss crenshaw I ím sorry ... bumstead do you wash you hand before you type thing ? miss crenshaw why , yes . bumstead well be more careful , please . a embarrassed beat , then : ri-i-i-ing ! bumstead reach for the phone but crenshaw be on it first . crenshaw Inspector bumstead office ... yes ... yes ... she cup the receiver with she hand , look at bumstead . miss crenshaw yes , sir . the Chief - Inspector say he would see you now . int . police station hall - way tracking shot towards a door : chief-inspector on the frost glass . a hand reach into frame , knock twice . stromboli o.s. enter ! inside bumstead step into the office - find stromboli wander about the room , distract , search for something ... stromboli what be it ? he pull the waste - basket up and empty the content onto he desk , sort through it . bumstead a formality . I need to speak with Thompson . officially I need you write permission . stromboli be look through he desk drawer now . stromboli why do you want to speak to he ? bumstead a hunch . he might be able to ... stromboli ( from under desk ) bumstead , do not be so paranoid . leave he alone - het a sad case . bumstead itt extremely important to my investigation ... stromboli iíll be the judge of that . anything else ? bumstead actually , I be wonder , sir , if you could let I have a few uniform , to follow up for I ... stromboli o.s. ( poke head above desk ) absolutely not . up to my ear in case right now - canít spare anyone . stromboli become distract again - stand up , look behind picture hang off the wall . a big sign suspend above he desk say , so much to do and so little time - he motto . bumstead lose something ? stromboli what make you think that ! if you would learn to concentrate on fact , not get so side - track - you might get thing do faster , bumstead ... the door click shut . stromboli look up - the inspector have go . ext . plaza - night White walk under stone archway . across a empty plaza be a sign above a door : drug OPEN 24 hour and in smaller print , recently add beneath : shave &amp ; haircut $ 5.00 . int . drug store - night White walk between bare , dusty shelf . only one shelf carry product - BOX after BOX of " lump - o " . he move up to a small counter . a man with thick glass , dress like a barber , be seat there . white I need something to keep I awake . barber look like you need a haircut to I . white thanks . just some pill . barber only two buck . shave as well ... white ( annoyed now ) you sign say you sell drug - well , I ím here to buy some . okay ? barber relax . sure ! he wave dramatically to a shelf above he head , with several bottle of all sort of different coloured capsule . barber tell you what - let I cut yer hair , give ya watcha need half price . can not argue at that ! white ( evenly ) I do not want a haircut . later camera track off a clock on a wall - reveal white in a barber chair . the barber gleefully work on whitet hair . a thin old guy in a moth -eaten suit step from behind a curtain , smile , play a violin . het passionate but bad . barber ( talk fast ) cut hair when I be in the navy , yíknow - havenít lose the touch . Bet youíre happy ëbout that . huh ! white sell map ? barber what of ? white the city . I need to get to the ocean . barber nope . no map . Ocean , huh ? on vacation ? White doesnít answer . the old guy with the violin move back and forth behind White , smile as he play . barber grandpa think customer might like some mood music . white ( unconvince ) Nice ... barber you still look familiar . it ís drive I nut ! sure I do not know ya from somewhere ? white ( nervous now ) not I . barber look out the front window as he hand busily trim hair . barber mnunn . cold lately . ( lather up whitet face ) that night , couple week ago . that be real cold . remember that ? white not really ... barber yeah , I ím like that . senility say the wife . but she sure canít complain . heh . the erector set still work good . ( point to head ) and this ainít no fuck rug ! gíhead . feel it ! all mine ! grandpa laugh and play louder . grandpa yes ! feeeeel it ! push in on white - he smile weakly . int . detail - night a hand scrawl cryptic diagram into a notebook . pull out to reveal doctor schreber at he desk . het bearded , with thick lense glass . he put the phone down , sit quietly at he desk , stare into space , lose in think . a loud rattling noise fill the room . schreber look up . he p.o.v. a rusted pipe run across the ceiling and down one wall . he step across to the pipe on the wall , lean down , look into a open hatch at its base . without warning , out of the hatch pop the metal cylinder from several scene previous and bounce off the doctor 's head . he curse , pick it up , open it . he pluck out the note and read fredrick scrawled message : doctor , I did as you asked . but think I made stupid mistake . hope thing donít get back to you . sorry . - fredrick . schreber look up - then punch he fist into the desk angrily . int . empty build a p.o.v. move down hall make of wood slatting - the floor , wall and ceiling be bare board . footstep o.s. tight on - a mant shadow as it descend a wooden staircase . reveal white - he rummages in a paper bag as he walk . pull out two capsule , swallow they . now he pull out a pack of " lump - o " , rip it open , eat ravenously . ext . STREET - night White step out into a street , turn a corner , drop the empty packet of cereal . now he see two figure approach . he hide behind a wall before he be see . suddenly a deafen ringing startles he . he look across a plaza . he p.o.v . - a church . a bell - tower , black against the sky . White stare up into the night . int . church - night White walk in , sit on a pew , towards the back of the room , glance over he shoulder . he try to blend in with the SMALL gathering of people sit silently around he . a priest - appear at the altar , cloak in a blood -re robe , follow by two altar boy also in red . they move past a statue of a insect - like creature , walk in circle chant softly , stop and stare at the congregation through eye-slit in they hood . the priest begin he sermon . priest beware ! the night be deadly . there be a criminal among we . White look forward . tight on the priest hand - it rise , point , move over the head of the congregation , accusingly . suddenly the red finger jab towards a old woman in the front row . priest it could be she ! the innocent across the street ! all the congregation turn and stare at the woman . shet terrify . the hand move slowly now , across to a beautiful japanese woman several row back . priest or the temptress next door ! the priest pause dramatically then : priest or mister nervy stranger at the back ! suddenly the finger be point at White . all the face turn , stare suspiciously at White . angle on white - freeze with fright . fortunately he face be obscure by shadow and the priest lower he hand , continue the sermon . the people look away . priest you be think it could be anyone ? and youíre right ! why , it could even be mother ! White go to leave . as he stand he notice the door of the church open - two figure step in and move into the candle - light . mystery men - whitet bizarre pursuer . they look around . White duck down , crawl between pews , startling several of the congregation . he motion to they to keep quiet . he run into the leg of the beautiful woman the priest point out . she be startle momentarily but look down at he , smile . priest ( continue sermon ) evil stalk we street . it seek to hide in we heart . have you not evil within you now ? White see a nearby confession BOX . stay low , he run , almost knock over a large illuminate candle - holder , dart inside . the girl watch he . a gaunt-face woman stand . hysterical . she look at the priest . gaunt woman he take my little boy ! iíll rip out he eye ! inside - White breath relief . he p.o.v. - carve on the dark stain wood in front of he be a crucify insect . a voice surprise he . another priest , older . older priest you have sin ? white no . ah ... White watch the two mystery Men walk past , through the ornate wooden grill in front of he face . priest I be listen . white ( lie ) there ís a... woman . I do not know but I think I , ahh ... priest you fornicate ? the mystery Men look towards the box for a moment , towards White , but keep walk . white no. I , ah ... priest you seem restless . the mystery Men seem to have go . White take out the gun , keep it hide from the priest . open the chamber . tight on the gun - only one bullet leave . white someonet after I . priest then we must call the police . white no . I mean ... that be not necessary . the silhouette on the other side of the box lean forward . priest I see . then who be after you ? what sin have you commit ? white just let I sit here for a moment ? iíll go soon , and stop bother you . the priest suddenly stare incredulously at White . his eye widen in horror . priest youíre the murderer ? ( start to yell ) yes ! that must be it ! do not kill I ! White lunge , grab he collar with one hand , slap the other over he mouth . the old man stare at he , tremble uncontrollably . white shut up ! listen . walk out quietly . ( hold up gun ) understand ? the priest nod stupidly . White push he out of the confession box , grab he coat from behind , put the gun to he back . together they head for the door . still no sign of the mystery Men . priest do not kill I ! white shut up ! priest please ... White lose he temper , grab the priest , shake he violently . white ( not so quietly ) I ím not go to kill you , okay ! face turn . the priest kick White in the leg , bite he hand . while White be wince in pain , the priest break away . priest ( shouting / point ) criminal ! people start to scream and run . the gaunt woman point at White . gaunt woman ( scream insanely ) it ís he ! rip out he eye ! frightened , White hold the gun out . everyone panic , scatter . people run for the exit . Religious statue topple and smash . the gaunt woman be push scream to the floor , trample by the crowd . amidst the chaos , the two mystery men appear across the room , see White , head towards he . he turn and run . a staircase White climb narrow stair rapidly . int . bell tower White stop , nowhere leave to go , just a long drop to the street through a series of arched window . a low , rafter room , three huge black bell . suddenly a groan of gear in the ceiling and the bell start to swing , build momentum . clang ! cla-a-a-ang ! a cacophony of noise . White put he hand over he ear in pain , then turn to the stair . he p.o.v. through the swinging bell - the mystery men climb the last few step on the other end of the dark room . they advance slowly , clutching dagger . White raise he gun . aim . difficult to find he target - the approach men be obscure by the bell . White step sideways , never take he eye off the Men . they follow he slowly , pivote about the bell in the centre of the tower , pursuer and pursue remain a semi-circle apart . white ( shout ) what do you want ? tell I ! the Men stop . so do White . they separate , now approach he from opposite side , move around the bell . White doesnít know who to point the gun at - he swing back and forth , one to the other , faster and faster , as the Men approach . he let they get uncomfortably close , then swing to he right , thrust the gun to one mant forehead . fire . the man step back , spout liquid from the bullet hole , hit a low railing , fall into the shaft at the centre of the tower . the second man swing he dagger at White . White fall backwards , drop he gun clumsily . the man advance , smile - kick the gun across the wooden floor . White , clutching at straw , lift he foot , kick down hard on a loose floorboard . the board fly up , pivote against whitet heel , catch the mystery man with a crack under the chin . White run at the off- balance man , head - butt he in the stomach . the man recoil , canít stop , step off backwards into space , plummet into darkness towards the street below . White relieved , turn , dust himself , pick up he gun . look down at the floor . Broken glass and capsule everywhere - he drop the bottle of pill during the scuffle . start to pick they up . behind he something be rise . the shadowy mystery man be levitating himself back up to the bell - tower . he land behind White , approach , lift he dagger , closer and closer . White glance around . the man lunge , push White towards the shaft beneath the swinging bell . White fall , dangle over dark space , the man stand above he . mystery man ( shout ) do not make we hurt you ... the bell be swinging very close to the man . mystery man it will be inconvenient , yes ... suddenly , to whitet amazement , the shiny black rim of a bell clip the mant head . slam it against a low wooden beam in the ceiling . a splash of black liquid . the man slump to the ground , he head crush beyond recognition . White pull himself up - stand over the mant body , try to decide what to do . a movement catch he eye . tight on the collapse mant ear - something move inside . a black insect , half - dead , crawl out of he crush head . White revolt , squashes the insect under he shoe . ext . / int . various - montage rapid move across mystery men scream . face contort with pain . intercut with : electricity arcing between electrode . a building against the sky . the window explode . Glass blow out , raining down on the street . a concrete wall split OPEN . slime ooze through the crack . a old man , walk on a desert street , look up at the sky . one of the lense of he spectacle crack without warning . a chair fall over in a dark room . a woman under a hair - dryer gossip on a phone . suddenly the phone emit a high - pitch shriek . her ear spout blood and she scream . a small transistor radio emit a high frequency and short circuit with a spark . ext . build tight on - a wristwatch spin backwards rapidly - completely haywire . inspector bumstead stand on a street corner stare blankly at he watch . tap it several time , annoyed , then look up at a three storey build . he hold a piece of paper in he other hand - on it a number rapidly scrawle : 23 . he p.o.v. the dilapidate building - arched window only on the topmost floor . a fade number on the facade - also 23 . the window light up continuously with rapid burst of white light . inside the inspector climb a staircase , enter a dark room . two figure move about . bumstead glance at a uniformed man , stand beside a fake fire , who acknowledge he arrival . to the side , a police photographer flash something swinging back and forth , hang from the ceiling . it look like ... fredrick . Dead . his arm and leg miss . a pool of blood beneath the mutilate torso . bumstead look at the cop . bumstead how long have you be here ? cop maybe ten minute ... ( look at he watch ) that ís strange . bumstead spin backwards ? the cop be shaking he watch , tapping it with he finger . he look up . bumstead indicate he own watch . cop your too ? bumstead nod . he remove a notebook from he pocket , walk about the room , glance at object , make note . bumstead step over to a small rectangular hole in the wall . he examine it carefully , then bend down and put he head through . on the other side be a corridor snake off into darkness . just beneath the hole , be a break dish and a puddle . lying half in the puddle be the business card of Doctor d.p. schreber m.d . without remove he head from the hole he shout to the nearby cop . bumstead I want print over here ... suddenly the door have catch bumstead head in it . he struggle . the cop and the photographer run over to help . ext . build - night move in on a doorway . above it a small illuminate red sign : doctor d.p. schreber M.D. reverse angle on white he stand on the street , under the sign , rummage in he wallet , obviously look for the business card he doesnít have anymore . int . waiting room a white room , bare . dirt stain the wall near the air-vent . a nurse be type behind she desk . a thumping fill the room . the nurse stand , remove she shoe and hit a pipe run along the wall several time . the noise stop . the front door creak open and White enter . she watch he step into the room . white I want to see the doctor . it 's important . nurse what time be you appointment ? white ( angry ) look ! tell he I be here . now . he 's lean across she desk threateningly . nurse ( scared / stand ) yes , certainly ... who should I say ? white no idea . just get he ... suddenly a door open and doctor schreber , clutching a file of papers , step out . he freeze , stare at White . the papers fall from he hand to the floor . int . dark chamber - night a group of dark silhouettes file into a concrete room . the mystery men have gather . like the Men who pursue White , they wear coat , leather glove , dark glass , and have near white skin . one man point to diagram on a chalk board and speak in the peculiar foreign tongue . tight on the diagram - a path through the city . a circle mark the point where the red line end - a cathedral . the man go into break English - a guttural accent . man 1 it have fail . another man stand at the rear of the room . man 2 this be become dangerous , yes ! yet another man start to tremble violently , seize with some kind of convulsion . he froth at the mouth and throw he head about . a taller man stand beside he open a silver box , remove a small writhing worm . he place this on the tip of the tremble man 's tongue , who swallow it and calm down . man 3 let 's get this over with . another man rise suddenly , push forcefully to the front of the group . man 5 what about the dance-step ! this be my responsibility , we must resolve this issue , yes ? the men turn to face he . he be out of line . he become irritate , as if to say something further , then pull himself short , sit down . man 5 sorry . man 3 the situation have change . ( pace the room ) this one be in possession of knowledge ... man 1 ( cut in ) ...to avoid influence , yes . man 4 a freak ! man 1 impossible ! rumbling noise o.s. attract everyone 's attention . they all look to a round portal high on a wall . the noise be louder . several figure on stilt run past outside the open - then the noise subside . the mystery men go back to more important thing . man 3 it get interesting , yes . man 2 stop this ! it have go too far ! tell mister Black ! man 2 stare blankly into space , he make a peculiar click noise with he mouth , he eye roll upwards . int . doctor' office the camera glide down a corridor , towards a door - a sign say , doctor be : in . inside White sit in a leather chair across from a ornate wooden desk . the doctor pace up and down in front of glass jar contain preserve specimen . he stop , look at White . schreber you remember nothing ? who you be ? what you have do ? white you know something about I ? schreber ah , that would be cheating , would not it ? ( smile ) be there nothing you remember ? not even a detail ? you must try . white you think I have not be try ! ( calm himself ) it 's like there be never anything there . ( pause ) just water . schreber Water ? white wave ... a beach . a woman whisper . that 's all . ( look up , yawn ) I need to stay awake . do you have any pill ? the doctor walk to a glass cabinet and remove a bottle , take out two green capsule . hand they to White . sit behind the desk again . schreber what do she say ? the woman . white ask my name . over and over . just like a break record . only thing be , I can not answer . I have no idea what my name be . schreber you name be John White . white that 's what people keep tell I . Te doctor walk to a small sink in the corner , return , hand White a glass of water . White swallow the pill . schreber ( indicate pill ) and what 's this about ? why ? White stand up , start to pace nervously . schreber bad dream ? white yes . schreber tell I about they ... white ( interrupt ) yeah well , why do not I ask some question for a change . schreber if you like . white you be suppose to be my doctor , right ? schreber that 's right . I be you doctor . White be very agitate now , he voice be get edgy . white known I for long ? schreber well ... white ( cut in ) be I a killer ? schreber I cannot say ... you do not know the answer to that ? white I tell you , I can not remember a thing ! White reach across abruptly , grab the doctor . white ( angry now - shouting ) look , you know something about I , out with it ! let 's end this bullshit ! I want answer ! the doctor be obviously scared . schreber we will not get anywhere like this . please . let 's take thing in easy step ... int . bumstead' apartment / kitchen - night tight on drawing pin - be push into a map . a seem random pattern across the terrain of the city . each pin be label : victim 1 , victim 2 , ... etc . wider on bumstead he 's tired , like he have not sleep . he 's look at the map stick to a wall . there 's several neat pile of folder on the kitchen table in front of he . the kitchen itself be incredibly neat - everything completely organize . bumstead shake he head slowly , turn away from the board . pick up a cup of hot tea , pour milk into it from a small jar . tight on the tea cup - cream swirl into a rapidly dissolve spiral . bumstead look up . put down the cup hurriedly , turn back to the map . with a thick pen he trace a line between each point mark the location of the victim . he step back to examine he handiwork . a spiral - move outward . Beyond the last victim it become a dot line , follow the same trajectory but with a big question mark beside it . bumstead glance over to a blackboard with a list of name and address on it . he hold up the doctor 's card and stare at it . he turn it over , notice a address on the back . int . doctor schreber' office - night schreber be show white a series of chart . the doctor seem nervous about White 's potential for further violence . schreber put simply ... a penetration of the leave parieto-occipital area of the cranium ... complicated by inflammation that result in adhesion of the brain to the meninge . without go into detail ... the formation of scar tissue alter the configuration of the lateral ventricle , produce incipient atrophy of the medulla ... white ( cut in ) look . it be a simple question . can someone kill and not remember it ? schreber ( smile ) I be sorry . I get carry away sometimes . possible ? I be ... ah , afraid so . white do she drow ? the woman you tell I about ? schreber not exactly . she be find in a canal , disembowelle . Throat cut . blood drain . the body wrap in a bed-sheet . White shake he head , look blankly at the doctor . white horrible ... schreber you remember nothing , eh? ( shake he head ) let I show you something . schreber turn , point to double -door . he walk towards this . White follow . schreber formation of memory be the most important of brain function . the door be opened they step into a room of live animal experiment . schreber we be little more than a sum of memory . from they we reference who we be , where we be go . without a past we be nothing . this be why you be so interesting . white I be nothing then . schreber anything but , my friend . the two man look down on a monkey with the top of its head miss , squirming in a mechanical device that restrict its movement . schreber it feel no pain . White turn and start to pace away . schreber reluctantly follow . white can I get my life back ? schreber maybe . schreber point dramatically at a wooden structure contain two rat . schreber we know of two kind of memory . firstly , declarative memory . the rat perform various activity involve maze and geometric symbol . schreber turn to look at White , eyebrow raise . schreber and then there be procedural memory . tight on he slender finger - point to a machine also run by rat . the object be to make it through a guillotine device . one rat be successful , the other be chop neatly in two . schreber follow ? White nod . schreber Research on simple animal can be ... useful . to show we where memory store system be locate , for example . I be building a experiment with hamster next . ( look at nearby cage of hamster ) cute little thing . schreber put a hand on White 's shoulder . schreber listen to I talk ! you must be hungry . White nod again , extremely troubled . int . hall - way ( doctor' residence ) schreber 's office be a annex of he live quarter - a maze - like series of room and hall . White be lead down a dark hall by schreber , clutching a candle . schreber Whole damn wing lose power . wiring 's old . keep meaning to get it fix . here we be . they have stop outside a flaking door . int . kitchen a small eat - in kitchen . dirty and run-down . White , sit at a bench , as schreber remove item from the refrigerator . the doctor hold up a large frozen fish . schreber ah. beautiful ! head and all ! just how I like them ! angle on frying pan on stove - the fish land in it and start to sizzle furiously . angle on white white I be sorry . about before . schreber I do not blame you for get angry . you be in a frustrating situation . you must be patient though . trust I completely . I be here to help . a set of swinging door on the other side of the room open slightly and the nurse look in . nurse ( to schreber ) I have to talk to you . schreber it can not wait ? she shake she head , with a serious expression , then dart out again . schreber ( to White ) Excuse I . ah , make yourself at home . he leave . alone , White look around the bleak room . he take off he coat and sit down again . he remove the fish . the eye open . the creature look up at he . it breath painfully . white still kick , huh ? he put it back in he pocket . the other fish be spattering oil everywhere . smoke start to fill the room . White , step over and look at the fry pan . the fish be turn black . he turn the heat down . he notice a SMALL hole in the wall . at eye height . he step across , look through . tight on white be eye through the hole . he p.o.v. a dark room . shadows on the wall . something wet , some kind of animal , move in the darkness . he can hear breathe and whisper voice . White 's eye start to blur , he rub they . schreber o.s. how be thing in here ? White spin , like he 's catch do something wrong . the Doctor walk across to the stove , prod the fry fish with a fork . schreber ah , nearly do . so tell I about you dream . I be very interested . White be have a hard time focus . white just the typical fabrication of a distort mind . you know , chase by mysterious man in black , that kind of thing ... white's p.o.v . - angle on schreber with he back turn , at the stove . the image be blur . schreber ah , we friend in black ... they be not just a figment of you imagination you know , in fact none of what you be experience be anything but real . smoke rise thickly around the doctor . schreber I know everything about you . you have no choice but to trust I . flame be shoot up around schreber from the fry pan . his arm catch fire , and he suddenly spin around clutching flame dagger in both hand , he whole body engulf in fire , he face char , black flesh hang off he skull . schreber scarey , be not it ? White startles awake . schreber stand at the stove look at White . everything be normal . schreber be you feel alright ? White stand awkwardly , pull he coat on . schreber what be you do ? white I have to go ... schreber you can not go yet . we have get so much to talk about ... suddenly White feel feint - lean against the wall to steady himself . schreber you be tired . you need to lie down . on white - sway . white that pill ... he p.o.v. the scene be distort - like look through water . thing start spinning . schreber ( echoic ) yes . a little something to help you relax . harmless ... a tile floor rise rapidly toward camera . CUT to : grey limbo object float underwater . they rise upwards amidst bubbles , break the surface . a storm at sea - dismember body part float all the way to the horizon . two foetuse in separate jar be talk to each other through the glass . foetus 1 this be madness . if we be catch ... foetus 2 shut -up . help I with this strap ... int . examination room white wake strapped to a exantination table . schreber and the nurse loom above he . the nurse hand schreber a long , chrome syringe . the doctor move towards White . schreber ( hold syringe up ) now you must relax , Anton . a door -bell ring o.s . the nurse make for the door . schreber leave it ! he 's tapping the side of the syringe , squirting out air bubbles . the door - bell ring again - very insistent . schreber look at the nurse , annoyed . schreber damn ! whoever it be - get rid of they ! she head to the door - turn back . nurse key . schreber put the syringe down , fumble in he pocket , pull out a huge collection of keys on a ring , walk to the nurse , hand they to she . White manage to wriggle a hand free from the leather strap hold he . the nurse leave , the doctor shut the door , lock it . he step over to White . schreber I be sorry I have to put you through this , Anton . ( lower syringe to White 's forehead ) there will be some pain , but thing will be easier this way . White lash out , punch the doctor in the face . his glass go fly , and he fall to the floor , blind , scramble for the spectacle . a convenient scalpel cut White from he remain bond . he undoe the last strap around he ankle as the doctor replace he glass and leap at he try to drive the syringe into white's forehead . the struggle continue - each man try to turn the syringe on the other . White push the doctor , who fall backwards . schreber leap onto he , both fall against a tray of medical instrument . a loud thumping on the examination room door . White be grab from behind , pin down with the syringe inches from he face . a crash o.s. splinter wood . the door burst open . a rotund silhouette - be reveal , clutching a police special , flash a badge . a squeaky , over - excited , voice : bumstead hold it ! schreber and White freeze in mid-struggle , look at the inspector . behind he , the nurse appear in the hallway . bumstead Police . nobody move . schreber he try to kill I ! bumstead shut up ! everybody stay calm ... bumstead step into the light , shove he gun in White 's face , handcuffs he . bumstead search White , find the revolver , take this . also take he wallet . he glance at the doctor , who hide the syringe behind he back . bumstead ( to Doctor ) you schreber ? schreber nod blankly . bumstead run he hand over White 's side pocket - feel something . bumstead what 's that ? White say nothing . the inspector open the pocket and look in . bumstead ( disgust ) a fish , huh ? ext . CITY street - night a old - fashioned black sedan drive over a rusty suspension bridge . Stone gargoyle look down at the lone vehicle . it 's be raining . street be empty . inside the car white and the inspector drive silently . bumstead have appoint he un - mark police vehicle with all the comfort of home . hot thermos . note pad holder , complete with light . coat hanger . gun rack . a system for everything . bumstead dammit ! ( glance at he watch ) I be curious ? how many so far ? he shake he watch , put it to he ear . white ( confuse ) what ? I ... bumstead ( count on finger ) let 's see , there 's the little guy with no arm or leg . and the young boy ? white ( disturb ) Young boy ? close on white - frighten now . bumstead the six year old . sure , you remember . bumstead pull something from under the dashboard . a sandwich , carefully wrap and prepare . after glance at he watch again , he bite into it . bumstead ( chew ) y'know , the kid you leave in the meat pack plant , cut into piece . pack into brown paper parcel , wrap in twine , that kind of thing . no answer . bumstead you sure have demonstrate a great deal of ... imagination . the baby be the best though . several cop lose they lunch over that one . head twisted off , spine pull out , yeech ... white ( cut in ) stop it . you be make I sick ... bumstead we count seven so far . anyone we miss ? radio crackle o.s. - a tinny voice cut in . voice Inspector bumstead ... Inspector ... bumstead pick up a microphone , speak into it . bumstead what be it , crenshaw ? crenshaw just remind you ... you eight pee they ... bumstead dammit . ( look at watch ) very efficient , as usual , crenshaw . remind I to give you my watch . it need fix . crenshaw yes sir . bumstead replace the microphone under the dashboard , take a sharp corner as he finish off the sandwich . white where be we go ? bumstead shut-up . burastead pull out a small brush , clean the fall crumb from he trousers , keep a hand on the wheel . White be silent - he wound continue to bother he . he lean down to scratch through he trousers . white ( quietly ) shit ! bumstead gesundheit ! white ( look up ) I do not sneeze . ext . hospital entrance - night the inspector 's car pull up and stop . inside the car white what be we do here ? bumstead grab a bunch of flower off the back seat . bumstead get out . int . hospital - night bumstead push the handcuff white through a swinging metal door . they enter a sterile air-condition room . a effeminate male nurse sit behind a glass - in counter . directly opposite be a small waiting room through a glass panell door . bumstead push White into this room . bumstead wait here . the inspector shut the door behind he . White look about the blank room , take a seat . he can see bumstead , through the glass panel in the door , walk up to the male nurse opposite . out in the corridor the inspector talk to the male nurse through a tiny open in the window . bumstead bumstead . I be here to see my mother . back to white he can not hear anything of what bumstead be say . he see he take out he wallet and show he badge . the male nurse be concerned , look over towards White , then open a drawer , hand bumstead a key . the inspector step back to the wait room door and lock it from the outside . he look at White for a moment , then walk away , along the corridor . int . hospital room bumstead enter darkness - pneumatic machine noise fill the gloom . he walk quietly to he mother , encase in a metallic contraption , something like a iron lung . bumstead ( whisper ) bring you this . he place flower on the bedside table . his mother just stare expressionless into space , in a coma . he sit on a metal chair , look at the woman . her life -sustain machine hiss and breathe . int . police station a finger press down on the sticky surface of a page . it pull away revealing a inky finger - print . wider White be stand in a bare room , in front of a finger - printing machine . he 's alone . a blast of electrical feed - back . White look up at a speaker mount to the wall . mechanical voice ( through speaker ) move - forward . White follow a paint line on the floor , stand against a wall , in front of a old - fashioned camera . a slot open in the wall behind he , mechanical arm spring forward , restrain he , one arm hold a sign with a number in front of he . a flash go off , the click of a shutter . mechanical voice Left - profile . a claw lower from the ceiling , grip White 's head , turn it abruptly - the camera fire . mechanical voice right - profile . the claw turn he head the other way . the camera fire again . mechanical voice move - forward . across the room a buzzer sound , a red light flash above a door . White be release by the mechanical hand , walk over , open the door and step into darkness . light come on - extremely bright . a room for line -up - marking on the white wall behind White indicate vary height , a darken window face he . he be obviously to be identify by a unseen person . a buzzer sound again , a light indicate another door . voice move - forward . White move into another room . a chair face a large wheel paint in a black and white spiral . he sit down - the wheel turn , faster and faster . voice watch - the - wheel . the wheel stop after several second . voice move - forward . the next room be full of scientific equipment . voice stand - behind - the - screen . White see a metal - frame X - ray machine - he step across to it . the screen light up , fill the room with a green glow . we can see the shape of he skeleton . where he pocket would be , be the tiny skeleton of the fish . voice move - forward . the next room be empty . voice face - the - wall . White turn . as soon as he have do this hear a door open behind he . footstep approach . blow rain down on he , fist , boot , club . he slide to the floor . the light go out . int . interrogation room light come on again . White be daze - in a chair , a bright light in he face blind he . voice what 's you name ? white ( squint into light ) I do not remember . voice oh , no ? White shake he head slowly and look at the floor . the light be angle away , point down towards a table . White can see now . he p.o.v. a featureless room . stromboli stand over he , behind he be bumstead and two shadowy guard . bumstead pick up a envelope , remove a series of photo , hand this to stromboli . stromboli John ... he throw the first shot down on the table in front of White . a black and white police photo of a murder victim . stromboli ... murderer . another photo go down . another victim . another and another . each more grisly than the last . stromboli you will sign a confession ? White nod . he 's look utterly lose . bumstead step across to a small speaker box on the wall near the only door , press a button . bumstead ( into speaker ) okay . two guard immediately step through the door , grab White by he arm . they carry he off . int . prison cell White be wake by a uniformed guard shine a light in he eye . guard visitor . int . visiting room White be lead into a empty pale green room with a glass barrier down the middle . the guard tell he to sit and wait . the door on the other side of the barrier open with a squeak - doctor schreber step in , look frighten . white ( to guard ) keep he away : he 's insane . the guard just smile , look at the doctor knowingly . schreber please , stay calm . white ( to guard ) this man want to kill I . the guard remain indifferent . schreber ( to guard ) just one of he many delusion - it 's nothing . ( a whisper to White ) shut up ! listen , damn you ! this be a fortunate coincidence - we will not get another chance like this . listen to I . white ( turn to Doctor ) what do you want ? schreber you be innocent ... ( still a whisper ) you do not kill anyone . white ( sarcastic ) what be I do in here then ? schreber listen to what I have to say . decide for yourself . a adjoining room the dark silhouettes of bumstead and another cop watch from behind a two - way mirror . bumstead what 's he do here ? cop say he be the man 's doctor ... ( tap side of he head ) you know ... bumstead I know it 's he doctor ... ( into intercom ) I need the file on .. ( read clip-board ) Daniel Paul schreber m.d . miss crenshaw's voice o.s. schreber . yes . be not that he doctor ? bumstead ( evenly ) yes. ( beat ) and it 's schreber - with a 'h ' . miss crenshaw yes . a " h " . the inspector look up from the speaker . he p.o.v . - through the mirror , White seem to have calm down . back in the visiting room schreber the man in black - they be the killer . White stand abruptly , push himself against the glass . white you be a liar ! schreber no , it 's the truth . white so you be tell I the truth this time ? be that it ! the doctor remove a SMALL syringe from he black bag , place it on the table in front of the glass , block it from the guard 's view . schreber if you would only take this , inject it in you brain , everything would be much clearer . white not that again ... schreber everyone get 's one - very much like this ... ( point to syringe ) but this one 's special . it will help you understand , everything ... white ( cut in ) I be not inject anything into my brain . schreber Anton - I mean , John , there have be a experiment , a dangerous experiment . I arrange it . it be a lie from the beginning . it almost work , but thing do not go as they should have . you have be leave - blank . schreber wave frantically at the air surround he . schreber you can change this , all this . ( point at syringe again ) but you must take it . White stare blankly at he for a moment , then : white you have be work too hard . schreber please ! do not be foolish ! time be short . let I show you something . look at this syringe . white why ? schreber do not ask stupid question . look at it . White reluctantly do this . schreber concentrate . imagine the syringe rise . picture it float above the table . tight on white schreber do it ! white's p.o.v. the syringe start to vibrate , actually rise into the AIR - float stationary between White and schreber . white it 's a trick . schreber no it be not . you be do it ! now raise it over the glass and ... suddenly the syringe spin towards the doctor , impale itself in he shoulder . he yelp , grab it . white oh , sorry ... the doctor pull out the syringe , be about to say more when a buzzer sound . mechanical voice you - time - be - up . schreber look to where the voice come from - a speaker above they head . schreber ( look at White ) I give you you chance , now it 's too late . they will learn you be here soon . it 's all over . int . police station corridor doctor schreber pace towards the exit . bumstead step in front of he . the doctor be startle . bumstead Doctor ! what bring you here ? schreber just visit my patient . bumstead really ? and how be he state of mind ? schreber he 's seriously disturb ... the doctor be nervous , glance about . bumstead you seem a little edgy . everything okay ? schreber yes , of course . everything 's fine ... he try to push past . bumstead grab he arm . bumstead to tell you the truth , I be glad we have run into each other like this . maybe you can help I tidy some loose end . schreber loose end ? schreber look like a trap animal , when : voice o.s. bumstead ! bumasead turn to look down the corridor . he see stromboli peak out of he office door . stromboli I need to speak to you . immediately . the door shut again . bumstead turn back . the doctor be gone - the corridor empty . int . holding cell White be stare through a glass door at a cop . a kettle whistle o.s . the cop get up and move off . White look up . he p.o.v. a small window , high up on the wall . impossible to get to , even if he hand be not cuffed . nothing he can do - he look at a clock on a wall . push in on the clock - ticking get louder . int . police station bumstead enter stromboli be office . a nervous chief -inspector be flanke by two strange - looking men in ill-fitting brown suit . stromboli bumstead , this ... er , gentleman be here to collect White . bumstead suspiciously eye the two man , beside stromboli be desk . bumstead ( to man ) who be you ? stromboli ( even more nervous ) please , bumstead . co-operate - it 's easier . bumstead this be highly irregular . I have a right to know . man 1 we be from a mental asylum . he notice that this man 's moustache be lop -side . the other man wear spectacle with no lense in the frame , clutches a un- light pipe in he tooth . stromboli yes . that 's right . he 's ill - he need expert help . bumstead I see ... man 1 yes , Inspector . have he be display any strange ... behaviour ? bumstead he 's be a little angel ... stromboli if you could show they to the hold cell now . slow move in on bumstead 's face . in the corridor bumstead and the mystery men walk towards the hold cell . bumstead glance up through the glass in the door before he enter . it's empty . he fumble furiously for the key in he pocket - burst into the room . White be go . but where ? bumstead throw a look back to the front desk . man 1 where be he ? the cop be just return , hold a cup of coffee . he look at the inspector , see the room be empty . a nervous twitch knock the cup from the cop 's hand . tight on the cup - smash on the floor . int . subway station - night Underground . constant noise o.s. of train arrive and depart but none be see . camera move past break tile on a wall to reveal : white - sit amidst rubbish on the ground , look around , confuse , groggy from sleep . he look down at he hand , unsuccessfully try to free they from the cuff . move in tight on white he start to cry . he put he head in he hand , he body spasm with each sob . several angle of the empty corridor of the subway . White 's cry be hear - echoic . back on white - a small feminine hand touch he head . startle , he throw himself back , like he 's about to be attack . the beautiful japanese woman from the church look down at he . int . police station bumstead and the cop be get grill by stromboli . bumstead yes , sir . I be sorry ... but I do not understand how it be possible . the only window be twenty foot up a vertical wall , he be cuffed ... stromboli ( shout at cring cop ) how could you have be so stupid ? cop I be sorry , sir . stromboli alright , get out . bumstead get up and leave . stromboli you stay . the cop hustle out , shut the door . stromboli bumstead , you be start to annoy I . this case be very important to I . just a little warning : I have get my eye on you inspector , remember that . bumstead yes , sir . he leave . int . apartment build White , awkwardly try to hide he cuffed hand in he coat , follow the japanese woman up a flight of dark stair . she keep look back at he , smile but say nothing . int . apartment White and the woman step into a run-down apartment . she point to a couch . White look uncomfortable . she smile again , then turn on the radio . music . she step into a adjoin bedroom , leave White alone . he get up and start to tune the radio . a babble of fragment of voice and music , then : a news report ... news reader o.s. ... earlier this evening it be report a man fitting he description have be apprehend . White listen nervously . news reader o.s. ... and now for a message from lump -o food product ... across the room he can see the woman 's bedroom door ajar . he cross to the doorway and look in . the woman stand naked against a deep red wall , she back turn . she have a elaborate tattoo on she back - look like a insect . she put on a dress gown and turn suddenly . White step back before she notice he , he go back to the couch . she step from the doorway hold a bar of soap in she hand . she sit down beside White and take he hand , gently lather soap around the handcuffs , continue to smile at he . White look down . his hand seem to have shrunk - they poke out of he sleeve like tiny child 's limb . the cuff effortlessly slip off . White look at the woman , then back at he hand - nothing strange , they be normal size , but somehow the cuff have be remove . he look at the woman again , grateful . he can not help smile . he p.o.v. her eye . her lip . her neck . she lean forward , go out of focus . another angle she touch she tongue to he lip . kiss he face . she push he back on the couch and pull she dress gown open . White do not respond - seem uncertain . she sit upright , astride he body , unbuckle he belt , open he shirt , caress he chest . she stop , she face in shadow . slowly , White lift he hand to she breast , touch they . she start to breath deeply . out of focus - they body entangle , begin to move rhythmically . the camera track sideways , reveal a microphone behind a chair , lead we to a mirror on a wall . on the other side of the one - way glass a reel - to- reel tape recorder be pick up the sound of heavy breathing . outside the building the lover be in slowly rise into the air , past taller building and float out over the city . its shadow move past empty plaza and across face of grey tower . inside White sleep , as building move past outside the window . he open he eye , force himself awake . look across the dark room . the japanese woman stand naked at the window , clutching a large red megaphone . in perfect english she shout down at the street drift past . japanese woman he 's up here ! he rape I ! hurry ! before he kill again ! outside mystery men stand on roof - top , watch the building drift past . back in the room White run to the window , grab the woman . as they struggle , the building be landing softly in another part of the city . long shadow move towards the entrance ... white wake up again - find he be still on the couch . no sign of the woman . then he notice she stand by the window ( minus megaphone ) . the wind pull at she black hair . a distant siren o.s. he get up , walk over , stand beside she , look out at the dark city . she ignore he , go back to the couch , turn on a table - lamp , put she hand before the light bulb , cast animal shadow on the wall . White watch she . he walk across and sit next to she . she point to herself . woman ( a whisper ) sachiko . he nod slowly , look at she . she wait for he to respond with he name . he shrug , remain silent . then he put he hand in the light , make he own animal shadow . white that 's I . I be a shadow . she smile at the shadow . white do I look like a murderer to you ? she just keep smile , not understanding . kiss he . he notice a old phone on a corner table , remove the note again and ring the same number . this time , after several ring the call be answer . woman' voice o.s. yes ?... who be this ?... who 's there ?... White remain silent . sachiko stand and leave the room . woman' voice o.s. John ? be that you ? white who be this ? what do you know about I ? in the darkness of a doorway sachiko hesitates momentarily . she slide a hand into White 's coat , remove the wallet . she take out some cash , put the wallet back , then she move off . ext . STREET - night bumstead pull up in he car . across the street be doctor schreber be surgery . he be about to get out of the car , when the surgery door open and a figure step into the street . bumstead watch the shadowy man for a moment . then get out and follows , assume it be schreber . alleyway bumstead follow inconspicuously . without warning , the figure stop and turn . bumstead back into a doorway to hide . he get a glimpse of the gaunt feature of a mystery man in the dim light of the alley . when bumstead step into the alley again there be no sign of the man - like he disappear into thin air . a shadow cross the wall beside bumstead . he spin , look around behind he . then he look up into the air . he p.o.v. the shadow of a levitating figure cross the face of a building . int . apartment build passageway - night SOUND of a woman sobbing o.s. a wet dog sit in a corner gnaw a bone . a crackly voice recite a list of name from a small speaker - box mount to a wall . a trembling finger press a door buzzer . sachiko , open the door and look out . angle on - a strange woman in the dark corridor adjust she hair nervously . she push past the japanese woman , into the room . inside woman John . white stand inside the room , look at the woman , expressionless . the woman suddenly leap forward , grab he , kiss he passionately . White try to push she away , but she take he hand , pull it inside she dress , make he touch she breast . he push harder , she trip on a chair , fall to the floor . she start to cry . ext . apartment build facade the camera move past flaking brick - to a window . behind the glass white and sachiko sit across from the woman who attack White . she be talk , though nothing can be hear , drying she eye with a handkerchief . inside the strange woman look at White intently between sob . woman please believe I . it 's I , John . you wife . I would not lie to you . you tell I I could come and see you - now you want to just send I away again ... White look at the floor . he p.o.v. - a crack in the floorboard - movement underneath . white I think it would make more sense . I be get the piece , but when I put it together it feel like ... like you be tell I about somebody else 's life ... wife it 's the truth ... I need you . I know you be innocent . white how do you know I be innocent ? wife of course you be . you could not do that terrible thing . come home with I - maybe thing will make sense then ... white I can not do that . it 's dangerous . what about my parent ? do you know where I can find they ? wife they be dead , John . he stand and walk to the window - look out at the city . wife you have a uncle . you be very close . she fumble in she handbag , pull out a notebook , scribbles something on a piece of paper , hand it to White . wife this be where he life . I be sure he would like to see you . white ( take paper ) thanks . wife ( look at he for a beat ) do not you want I ? my body ? remember how my skin feel ? touch it . I ... she notice sachiko - become self - conscious . sachiko silently stand and leave the room . the wife put she face in she hand , overcome with tear . white what 's you name ? wife ( look up - still sobbing ) Elizabeth . White remove the tear fragment of the photograph he have in he wallet , hold the black and white eye up to she face - it match . white ( thoughtful ) yes ... in the darkness of a doorway sachiko watch the couple . she move off . elizabeth I want to help ... white alright . here ... he pull the postcard from he wallet , hold it up so the woman can see it . white know this place ? she look at the card . elizabeth ( stop cry ) of course . you home town - where you grow up ... White stand abruptly , startling the woman . he glare down at she intensely . white how do I get there ? tell I . wife that 's easy . you ... she trail off into silence . her hand , about to point in a certain direction , freeze in mid-air . elizabeth ... strange , I forget . White sit back down quietly . white yes . very strange . int . bathroom sachiko lock the door behind she and step to the middle of the room , lift a small round rug off the tile floor . underneath be a trap -door . open it , she climb down a hole . under the floor in the semi-darkness she move to a wooden BOX . she crank a small metal handle on the box which make the lid open . Music play softly . she look into the yawn black mouth of the box . a worm - like apparition thread its way out of the hole , wrap about she thigh . she breath deeply , shut she eye . int . tenement build corridor low angle tracking shot - foot walk along a tatter rug , approach a door . bumstead 's shoe , shiny as always . int . tenement room a knock on the door startles a huddle man in a blanket , sit before a small t.v. set . this be thompson - the detective with mental problem . he 's unshaven , haunt . clutch a shotgun , he step to the door , peek through a spy - hole . he p.o.v. bumstead , back turn , glance at he watch . Thompson back away , point he gun at the figure through the door . thompson go away ! bumstead o.s. open up , Thompson . it 's I ... Thompson put he eye to the door again . thompson bumstead ? through the spy -hole lens the inspector turn , look at we , he face distorted , fish-like . Thompson undoe four lock , open the door a crack , but leave it chain . thompson can not let you in ... sorry . bumstead I be on the serial killer case , need to talk . thompson not that . anything else . Thompson wipe at the sweat on he forehead . bumstead you do not look so well ... c'mon , let I in Thompson . Thompson stare at bumstead , then silently unchain the door and let he through . thompson I can not talk about that . as long as you understand , that 's all . the room be very dark . bumstead be assaile by a wave of putrid smell . it 's a mess - rotten food , overturn furniture , dirty clothes . thompson pull up some garbage - make yourself at home . Thompson smile weakly . they sit down , face each other in the gloom . a rat scuttle past Thompson . with lightning reflex he throw a shoe at it . the rat run under a table . he look back at bumstead , smile , slightly insane . thompson they have take my mind , my memory ... bumstead what ? who have ? thompson be that you idea of a joke ? I do not remember ... ( look around ) take my advice , bumstead . get off this case . now . bumstead what be go on ? thompson ( look more frighten ) wish I could tell you , bumstead . strange business . I ... aaaaaaahhhhhhhh ! he scream horribly . stands , clutching he head . startle , bumstead fall backwards off he chair . Thompson , still clutching he head , run and start pounding he face against the wall . thompson get away ! leave I alone ! Thompson 's head be changing - bloat . it rapidly elongate into a pink fleshy tube . Thompson 's head continue to grow - he feature be lose beneath fold of skin . his scream be stifle . Thompson fall to the floor . his head huge now - larger than he body . small tendril sprout from the main appendage . bumstead take cover behind a sofa . then , as violently as the head begin to transform , it stop . bumstead peak over the sofa at the huge throbbing purple growth sprout from Thompson 's collar . at the top of the growth a orifice open . a explosion of green bile spout into the room - cover everything in sight ... then the head start to shrink . Thompson 's feature appear again . it return to normal size . Thompson groan , sprawle on the floor , clutching he head . bumstead look on in horror . thompson it 's - it 's disgusting , I know ... Thompson 's face be heavily bruise , cover in sweat . his nose start to bleed - he wipe it on he sleeve . bumstead Jesus ! we have to get you to a doctor ... thompson no ... no doctor ... bumstead stand unsteadily . bumstead but ... how long have this be happen ? thompson a few day ... a few week - dunno , I can not remember . ( stand slowly ) worse thing be , I never know if it will change back again ... now , please leave I alone . int . apartment - night white , elizabeth and sachiko sit around a small table , eat quietly . without warning , Elizabeth start to cry again . White try to ignore she . sachiko look sadly at the wife , put a hand on she shoulder , give she a handkerchief . the woman quieten down . they resume eat but in no time Elizabeth again burst into tear . White look at she now . elizabeth ( through sob ) sorry ... sachiko lean across and put she arm around Elizabeth , help she to she foot . Elizabeth hang onto the woman as she be lead from the room . White can hear the sobbing still , as the woman move through to the bedroom . int . bedroom they sit on the edge of the bed - sachiko hold Elizabeth 's hand , smile at she . elizabeth ( calmer now ) I be sorry ... this be embarrassing - my husband do not know who I be ... with this , she start to cry again . sachiko lean forward and tenderly kiss Elizabeth 's lip . int . dark chamber - night tight on two mystery men speak in whisper . the Men continue talk as the camera rise , through several level of concrete and machinery to reveal : ext . roof - top - night other mystery men be rigging a wire to some kind of antenna device . back down in the dark chamber the group of mystery men have gather once again . one address they all . mystery man the line of junction between two edge ! men ( unison ) yes ! mystery man we have locate he . now be the time , yes . a switch be throw . electricity spark to life . a hum be in the air . mystery man let the tuning commence ! the congregation of men place electrode to they forehead in a trance - like manner . they chant , quietly at first , steadily building in volume . the men stand and move rhythmically to some inner beat . the camera move across to a diagram pin on a board . a representation of a man 's leg . trousers roll up above the knee , show a number of bite - like wound on the flesh . label point out various part of the leg in medical fashion - the legend be a unknown language . on the roof the antenna glow with a ghostly green light . o.s. scream rise up from the STREET . int . apartment / kitchen - later White downs a cup of black coffee , stare blankly out the window . o.s. distant scream . he glance across to a wall , notice a fly there - something about it look wrong . fly' p.o.v. a distort electronic image of White 's face loom up . at exactly that moment the fly take off , fly erratically down the hall , around a turn and disappear . White follow . hall - way White move quietly towards the bedroom door . he p.o.v. it be ajar , dark inside . Movement . the woman be naked on the bed . the japanese woman have she eye shut , head back in ecstasy . the wife be bent over she , kissing she stomach . angle on white - watch through the crack in the door . the woman be oblivious . he move away slowly , feel strange . his foot stop make contact with the floor . he grab a table to steady himself . the table - cloth come away , thing spill to the floor and smash . he 's floating . White desperately reach out to grab something , hold the light - fixture in the ceiling . it break off in a cloud of plaster . spark briefly illuminate . he fall heavily onto the ceiling - now the floor . the apartment be upside down . he stare up at furniture and object . the bathroom White step into the room , eerily illuminate by a glow heater stick to the floor . Water be run - fill the tub and overflow , make a suspend puddle above White 's head . White take off he clothes and climb the wall , towards the floor . it 's difficult , but he reach the tap , turn it off . pull himself towards the tub . gravity become normal again as he sink in the warm water . he 's incredibly weak - float limply in the bath . submerge he face . a distant throbbing o.s. , like a huge machine heart somewhere in the building . he open he eye , still underwater , stare up at the ceiling . he p.o.v. a blurry dark figure move into he vision . it stare down at he . White rigid with fright , can not focus on the figure through the thin veil of water . the figure reach out . a glove hand grab White about the throat , hold he forcefully . White gulp for air , swallow water . his eye widen . he try to stop the hand strangling he but can not . suddenly the hand pull away . the blurry figure stumble back and erupt into bloody explosion . the body split apart , throw internal organ through the room . White awaken in the bathtub . he look about the room . empty . Silent . he get out of the water , start to dress . ext . build bumstead be car pull up . he get out , stain here and there with bile . int . apartment a high angle on the slain body of the japanese woman and white's wife . two cop wander about the dark room , do stuff . bumstead walk up to the cop in charge . cop all the same entry wound . it 's definitely he . ( indicate sachiko 's corpse ) she life ... live here . a prostitute . bumstead the other one ? cop his wife . bumstead Jesus . small world . ( look around ) where 's the photographer ? cop no one available . a third young cop step up to the cop in charge , glance at the bile on bumstead 's suit . young cop they will not come out . cop we will interrogate they anyway . the cop lead bumstead behind a wooden partition . a small area neatly arrange - a double bed , various possession . someone obviously life here . the room be empty however . cop this be the family of the victim - apparently they be in the apartment when he commit ... bumstead ( look around empty room ) what be you talk about ? cop oh , yes ... he walk to the bed , bend over and lift the bed-spread . in the shadow underneath , bumstead can make out several face . a man , a old woman , three or four child . cop they do not speak English ... bumstead how will we interrogate they ? cop well , sir ... I do not know exactly . under the bed , bumstead can see a little girl . he walk over to she . she put a hand over she mouth , edge away . bumstead it 's alright . I will not hurt you . without come out from under the bed she hand the inspector a crumpled paper . he look at it then glance over he shoulder . he p.o.v. the wooden room divider . the camera move in steadily , into a crack run along the length of the divider - we can see the room on the other side , with the cop move about . bumstead look back at the page he hold in he hand . he p.o.v. a child - like drawing . two man , stick figure , dress in black , with impossibly big knife , slash at two scream woman . unmistakable - mystery men . int . dark chamber - night doctor schreber walk stiffly into the room and sit at the head of a boardroom table . he 's cold , pull he coat up about he neck . the long table be line on both side with immobile mystery men . a dark figure walk into the room , step up to the other end of the table . this be the enigmatic mister black - only ever see hide in shadow . mister black ( address Men ) gentlemen. ( peer at schreber ) Doctor . he sit , dark and mysterious . mister black I have call this meeting for a purpose , yes ? ( turn to schreber ) it be clear to you we be - unhappy , yes ? schreber yes , of course . I ... mister black the tuning fail - when we agent arrive he be go . he know thing - predict thing . explain to we , Doctor . why be the situation this way ? yes ? schreber seem distinctly uncomfortable . schreber I be not certain I fully understand myself ... mister black no excuse , dearest Doctor ! answer . yes ? mystery men ( chant in unison ) answer ! answer ! mister black you say this would be containable ! nothing work this time . why be this so ? mystery men why ! why ! schreber I - ah - I ... it 's a little cold in here do not you think ? mister black we must find he . this be you responsibility . schreber ( think fast ) yes , of course ... int . inspector' office bumstead once again scratch he head in front of a map . the little girl 's draw be pin to he board . his attention wander . he notice a fly crawling across the wall in front of he face . he lean closer , study it . the intercom crackle to life . the insect fly off . miss crenshaw ( through intercom ) a call , sir . bumstead who be it ? miss crenshaw wo not say . say he must talk to you . bumstead put it through ... a light flash . bumstead pick up . bumstead this be bumstead . who be this ? he listen intently . int . bumstead' office bumstead enter . he look nervous . his secretary sit at she desk in a adjoin office , filing she nail . bumstead I need everything on the Jonathan White case . miss crenshaw yes , sir . everything ? bumstead all the important stuff . wrap it up for I . the inspector turn to face she , a little manic . she be stare at he . bumstead please - I be in a hurry . miss crenshaw ( evenly ) certainly . ext . police station bumstead step from the doorway and walk across to he car briskly . int . bath -house bumstead move down a long corridor full of people in towel and swim outfit , wait silently . they sit line by a wall , stare into space . bumstead walk into a larger tile room , full of steam . he walk beside a heat pool - naked people swim about weakly or sit on the edge wash themselves . he step up to a fully dressed man , sit silently on a bench . it be white . a feint smile brushes across White 's lip as he look up at the inspector . he look away , like he 's forget something . stands , walk over to the pool , cup he hand , bend down , scoops some water . bumstead see White have pick up the little silver fish . bumstead why give yourself up ? white I - ah - could not think of anything else to do . I think maybe you know something ... ( beat ) I be scared . bumstead that be a pretty good escape act at the station . how do you do that ? white I wake up in a subway . I do not know how I get there . bumstead ( not convinced ) uh-huh. ( pause ) what be you scared of ? white people ... after I . bumstead who ? white I do not know who they be . bumstead why be they after you ? white do not know that either . bumstead do not know much , do you ? int . laboratory - night Metal scraping . piano accordion music waft on a breeze , someone breathe . high angle - down through a open metal hatch . a dim laboratory be revealed - a maze of scientific instrument . elongate shadow move about . mystery men be hunch over something . behind they a diagrammatic chart of the evolution of the human brain . man 1 bend across to a control panel , work a switch . a small speaker in a metal box crackle to life . SOUND of distant surf . a woman' voice : voice what be you name ... what be you name ... wire lead from the metal box to a human brain within a metallic container . electricity arch across electrode . more sound from the speaker : water bubbling . high heel walk down stair . bed -spring . lover moan passionately . man 2 step forward and pull a bloody sheet from they handiwork . a puppet -like creature be reveal . small - two and half foot tall . the top of its head a open hatch contain the brain . wire lead to this . tight on puppet' eye - they glance about the room . its body be a series of geometric shape and polished surface . man 1 shine a torch into the puppet 's eye . inside its head gear turn , illuminate by the beam of the light . the gear part slowly to reveal a small writhe insect screw to a metal plate . man 2 show the puppet photograph : white as he look currently , shot of he as a teenager , a young boy , a baby . photo of what we realise be he parent , stand on a seaside pier sirtiling and wave . where he go to school . a red push - bike he own as a boy . his first sweetheart . then a photo of a young woman smile - he wife . man 3 hold up a small sea shell to the mechanical ear of the puppet creature - more sound of surf ... a figure clutching a wooden cane look on from the shadow . his pale hand fondle the ornate handle of he cane - a carve silver insect . it 's mister black . man 3 step up to he . mister black you have duplicate the personality , yes . man 3 it be ready . the Doctor be most helpful . mister Black turn towards the other men . mister black I hear a clock in my head , and I like it ! men ( respond in unison ) we hear clock in we head , and we like it ! mister black a world in we likeness ! men a world in we likeness ! the Men close the hatch in the top of the puppet 's head . squeak ... clunk ! the puppet test out its many weapon , a series of nasty - look blade snap out of its small body , then retract . int . inspector' apartment bumstead lead White through the front door , into a sitting room . everything be extremely neat and organize , plastic covering on all the furniture . White step towards a sofa . bumstead please . not that way . if you could just follow the cover - the carpet get stain and it 's impossible to clean . White stop . bumstead indicate a clear plastic mat run through the room . bumstead everything the department know about John White be in this . here. ( hand file ) Excuse I for a moment . White flip through it . detail of White 's history . in the bedroom bumstead remove a empty suitcase from a closet . begins to place neatly fold clothes within it . bumstead ( call to White ) Age thirty one . Brown hair . Green eye . five foot , ten and a half inch tall . until recently work for a firm manufacturing scientific equipment . wife 's name - Elizabeth . Father and mother - harold and edith . both dead . a history of mental instability ... etcetera , etcetera . bumstead walk back into the sit room , pack bag in hand . he look at White leaf through the file . bumstead that stuff helpful ? white ( disappointed ) I suppose ... ( look up ) why be you help I ? bumstead you be case have be drive I crazy . you see , I pride myself on be thorough . there 's too many loose end with you case . ( a beat ) think it be best you be hide until we understand more about the fact . what do you know about this man in black ? White look up , pause as if he do not understand bumstead , then : white if you shoot they here ... ( point at he forehead ) you can kill they . they be not people - like we - get insect in they head ... get any disinfectant ? the inspector be catch off - guard by the question . white ( continue ) it 's my leg . be bitten . give I trouble . bumstead walk silently to the bathroom , open a medicine cabinet . bumstead ( to himself ) insect ? he return clutching a small bottle and some cotton wool . bumstead here. ( hand thing to White ) careful with you trousers . that stuff stain . the inspector give white back he revolver and he wallet . bumstead here . bumstead pace thoughtfully , careful to stay on the plastic protective cover . he turn , glare at White , who dab he leg with the cotton wool . bumstead any idea what part the Doctor play in this business ? White shake head . bumstead let 's try and find out , shall we. ( point at White 's shoe ) lace be untied . White look down . bumstead do not lie . int . drug store - night the barber be shave under the armpit of a client . grandpa snore in a corner , he foot bury under a pile of hair clipping .. the bell hang above the door ring . the door swing open . barber he with you shortly , sir ... several head turn , then look down to see the puppet . the puppet wheel forward and stop . barber ( not really look ) hello , sonny . cute outfit . mother get it for you ? the puppet cross the room threateningly . two other client look up startle from they newspaper and girly magazine . on the puppet - it wheel up to the barber 's leg and grab he trouser with a mechanical claw . the puppet hold out a photo of White . puppet ( incoherent obscenity ) eeeeeeeek ... ahhhhhhh !... shhhhiiiitttt !... fuuuucker !! barber ( look down , scared now ) huh ? he 's grab and thrown into a nearby chair . the puppet leap onto the bench in front of he - he 's frighten , so be the customer . puppet wheel up and down on the bench in front of the customer - stop to glance at individual in a threaten manner , hold out the photo of white . it lean forward , spin its blade - hair fly . scream o.s . the puppet retract its weapon - cover in blood . it wheel forward , through the door and into the street . the camera pan to reveal a scene of complete carnage . blood cover the wall . four body slump about the room . each have a outlandish hairstyle . int . bumstead' car White look at the inspector - street light pass over he feature . bumstead stare at the road . bumstead I do not tell you the entire reason I help you . it start with two little girl . twin . use to play with they when I be young . could not remember for the life of I what they look like , then I understand why ... he look at the dashboard , brushes away a small piece of lint . bumstead they do not have face . white what ? bumstead that 's right . just seamless flesh across the front of they head . no mistake . I just have not remember it that way . up until then they have be normal little girl in my memory . ( look back at White ) that 's not all . once I start examine they , all sort of thing about my life , have ... inconsistency . it be like a game . I would think about a person or a place , or a event . then I would turn the light off . sit down in a comfortable chair ... and study each detail of this subject . he glance at White , then back to the road . bumstead everything be liquid beneath a thin surface that have always seem solid to I ... bumstead and White be quiet momentarily , then : bumstead be there anything you have not tell I about this business ? even the most insignificant thing ? white ( think ) no. nothing I can think of . except ... bumstead go on . white well . the only thing I have be certain of , all this time , be that I need to get to the ocean . the point be no one seem to know how to get there . bumstead why , that 's ridiculous . you just ... he trail off . shake he head slowly . bumstead we will get to the bottom of this . I mean it . int . schreber' surgery the doctor be sit at he desk , when the door burst open suddenly . White and bumstead move into the room and grab the doctor before he can protest . bumstead I meet a friend of yours the other night , doctor . tall fellow . no hair . Rather pale skin ... schreber I do not know what you be talk about . bumstead that 's surprising . he be leave you office at the time ... schreber you be mistaken . white what be you hide ? schreber nothing . I do not know anything ! bumstead remove he revolver , stick it in the doctor 's face . schreber please , they will kill I ... bumstead I think it 's time you introduce we to you little friend . ext . alley - night schreber , bumstead and white sit in bumstead 's car in a alleyway . schreber point to a solitary metal door in a wall . schreber in there . bumstead just like that ? the threesome step from the car , keep close to a wall . schreber alone step up to the door , lean down to a mat at the foot of the door , lift it and take a key from underneath . he unlock the door , open it , put the key back , go inside . he wave the other man forward . White and bumstead step up to the door - bumstead look at the mat - it say : welcome on it . a corridor through the door - a elevator . there be only a down button . schreber press it , several second later the door open . they step inside . the door close , the lift descend . bumstead what be this place ? schreber you would not believe I if I tell you , Inspector . have patience - you will see for yourself . when the door open again the three man look out on a dark passageway . ext . library - night the puppet wheel up to the sweeping set of stair at the base of the building . it stop , wheel bump into the step repeatedly . it look down and shriek with a string of mechanical obscenity . int . mystery men' underworld white and bumstead follow schreber down a corridor to what appear to be a ancient crypt . they enter a door - it have something write on it in a strange language . inside be a room they stumble around in the darkness , schreber find a light switch , suddenly White stop dead in he track - bumstead turn to he . white look . White point to a wall feature a line of brass hook . on this hook hang mystery men coat - that 's not all . each hook carry a face . bumstead and White step closer , look at the face . they seem to be elaborate , very life- like mask . schreber put they on . White and the inspector look at each other , incredulous . outside - the corridor the door open . White , bumstead and schreber step out , wear poorly fitting mask and coat - disguise as mystery men . further along the corridor the three man come across a small area with a raise platform , between arch . a number of OPEN cart roll past on track - the scene resemble some bizarre amusement - park ride . the cart be numbered on the side - all of they empty . schreber get in . hurry . White , bumstead and schreber hop aboard . the cart take they into a dark tunnel , deeper into the secret underworld of the mystery men . they move through a subterranean landscape of unexplain contraption and bone . white ( to bumstead ) where do you think this go ? bumstead it sure be not the fun-fair . the cart finally come to a stop in a cave . bumstead , White and schreber leap out and hide in a dark doorway , as a long line of mystery men walk past they . schreber follow I , and do exactly as I do . they join the end of the line , fall into step . int . dark chamber the men , with white , bumstead and schreber in tow , enter and sit in a number of row of wooden chair . White and the inspector do the same . more mystery men appear in circular portal high up on the concrete wall . one man face the other at the front of the room . mystery man 1 eleven past eleven - the night of the Eye . the seat Men start to chant . men night of the eye ! night of the eye ! a man in the front row stand . man 2 the Eye be too small for the head of the pin ! man 1 yes ! another man stand . next to the first , who sit again . man 3 what be it that float on the water ? the Eye ! man 1 indeed ! so it go around the room , each man take he turn announce part of the strange ritual . it will be White , bumstead and schreber 's turn shortly . White be worried , look at the other . white ( whisper ) what do we do ? schreber ( hiss back ) Fake it ! bumstead what ? schreber be next - he stand abruptly . schreber the eye . master of time and space ! then it 's bumstead 's turn . bumstead the Eye - um - delicious with horseradish on rye ! man 1 at the front seem confuse for a moment - several of the other turn towards bumstead . man 1 ( uncertain ) good . the inspector sit back down - whisper to White without look at he . bumstead nothing to it ... White stand . hesitates . then : white Eye ... eye , captain ! White sit down , shaking he head , embarrassed . man 1 um - yes ... the man next to white rise up - keep rise , float in the AIR above the Men 's head . man 4 my spine will bend for the Eye ! he turn sideways , still float . ext . alley back above ground , bumstead , White and schreber run from the door at the end of the alley - way , toss they mask away . bumstead be that for real down there ? schreber I be afraid so . the inspector stop walk suddenly , grab White , hold he back . bumstead what the hell be that ? at the end of the alley the puppet advance menacingly . schreber take he chance and run down a alley and disappear . bumstead Quick . my car . fortunately bumstead' car stand nearby . the two man leap in , start it up . bumstead gun towards the puppet stand in the glare of the headlight . the puppet 's head open , a tiny propeller pop out , spin , lift the puppet into the air . the car pass beneath it at speed . screech off into a street , race along between tall building . inside the car white what now ? bumstead this ocean business ... I know where I can find a map . I need to go back to the station . where will you be ? White think for a moment , pull the paper he wife give he from he pocket . white I will go see a uncle of mine . ( read ) five - one - eight - three - double six - three ... bumstead scribbles on the pad mount to the dash , battle with the wheel , drive at breakneck speed . bumstead good. ( look in rear mirror ) uh-oh ... White turn and look behind they . he p.o.v . - headlight gain on they . on the puppet - sit at the wheel of a steal car , drive like crazy . back in bumstead' car White take out he gun - aim at the rapidly approach car . white ( remember ) it 's empty . bumstead take mine . bumstead pull a gun out of he coat . they swap . the puppet pull alongside , a mechanical arm extend towards bumstead 's front tire . a spinning blade extend from the end of the mechanical arm . puppet arrrrrrrrggghhhh !... ha-ha-ha -ha - ha !! tight on the blade head for the spin wheel . White fire . shell hit the puppet be car , shatter window . the blade cut into the tire - it pop loudly , go flat , metal SPARKS off the road . White be throw forward , hit he head on the dash . bumstead fight to keep control , swerve into the side of the other vehicle , make it scrape a concrete wall , hit garbage can fly . the puppet be car fall behind - then swerve off into a side - street and disappear . bumstead ( look behind he ) where do it go ? white ( look back also ) do not know . both look forward again - to see the puppet' car pull out in front of they , blocking the way . bumstead 's car be go too fast . slam the brake . tight on puppet - scream with insane joy as bumstead 's car approach like a bullet . inside inspector' car bumstead jump ! bumstead rip the phone number from the pad . the two man leap . the car continue onwards . crash ! ka - boom ! in the glow of the flame wreck , the two man pick themselves up from different side of the street . look at each other , turn and head in opposite direction . camera move in on mangle metal - a mechanical claw start to pull itself from the wreckage . ext . STREET - night White step up to a SMALL door in the side of a building . a sign above the door depict a underwater scene , cramme with fish , sea-weed , bubbles float to the surface . dominate everything be a GREEN man with scale - a king neptune - type . inside White stop in front of a ticket booth , beside a fade blue curtain . in the booth a ticket seller be snore with he mouth hang open , he head sagging . White knock on the window . the man wake with a start . ticket seller yeah . that 's what I say ! ( look at White - rub head ) what ..? white I be look for this address . the man squint at the card White hold up , nod groggily . ticket seller upstair . through there . he thumb the blue curtain . curl up , shut he eye again . beyond the curtain a dark room full of bubbling noise and water dripping - a aquarium . several corridor meander between large glass panel that look into illuminate tank of sea creature . White move past a shadowy doorway . he can barely make out stair . int . hall - way White move cautiously in the darkness . on a door a tiny nameplate say : K. white . the door be unlock . he open it and go in . inside a entrance hall of a apartment . a large number of mounted fish of all size line the hall . photo on the wall - family portrait . White examine this , concentrate on one in particular - a young boy on a red push - bike , in the background a sign with a fade image of a girl in a bathing suit : welcome to blumbville ! it say . a strange whirring noise o.s. White hide behind a sofa . whatever be make the whirring noise move past slowly . White can not see what it be . voice o.s. John ? White turn to see a old man in he pyjamas sit in a wheelchair . the man push a lever on the side of the chair . a whir of electric motor . the chair carry he out of the shadow . White step from behind the sofa . man be you alright ? what be you do here ? be this one of you joke , John ? it 's be so long , I think you would forget you uncle Karl ? white uncle ... Karl . int . AIR - condition duct a p.o.v . - moving through a dark , claustrophobic pipe . twisting around tight corner , darting down straight length of ducting . dim light spill from wire grill space along the wall . we TRAVEL up to one grill , at the end of a long stretch of tunnel - stop , nowhere leave to go . we can see through the gap in the wire , look down into ... the room White and uncle Karl be have a slide - show . Shots of a recent vacation - the uncle do a series of mundane thing . karl ( chuckle ) not often I get a chance to show this . he change the slide : a image of he stand against a brick wall . karl and this be I again about - um - I would guess about twelve foot further to the right of the last shot . now just behind the wall be the hotel I stay at - sweet little place ... the phone ring . uncle Karl wheel over , pick up the receiver . karl ( talk down the line ) hello ... yes , he 's here ... ( hold out the phone to White ) it 's for you . White concerned - take the phone . white yes ? ( he listen ) oh , it 's you ... yes ... my uncle apparently ... just look at some memory ... you have ? that 's good . CUT to : int . police station - night bumstead talk to White on the phone . he stand in a dark room , surround by chart and map . bumstead at first I think there be no way to get to the ocean ... the building be a barrier , no window , no door - everything just , well , end - only thing would be drill a hole . but then , I see it , one door , just one ... Inside a tenement building ... bumstead be interrupt by a noise o.s . he look to a frost partition - dark figure walk past on the other side . he quickly sort through several map , make as little noise as he can . bumstead ( whisper ) we can meet later - but first I have to do something . look I get to go ... CUT back to : White hold the phone , listen to bumstead on the other end . white where can we meet ?... alright . good ... as White hang up he notice a door behind a big old crockery cupboard . the cupboard have be push up against the wall , hide the door . back in the police station bumstead quickly fold the map and shove it into he pocket . as he turn and run from the room we notice a dark figure stand behind a shelf in the room . in uncle karl apartment uncle karl continue to change slide - the noise echoing about the room . White move over and sit down next to he . karl look ! this be a good one ! white what be that door ? karl which one ? white there . behind the cabinet . where do it go ? the uncle watch the slide . karl such a joker ! like you father . white no . have a look . he lead the old man over to the cabinet . white you see it ? karl yes . white where do it lead ? karl it must be a closet or something . White push at the cabinet . the old man help . they only manage to push several inch - it be very heavy . White decide to just climb over it . he squeeze through , open the door and climb a set of dark stair . uncle Karl watch . karl do not trip over . it 's dark up there . int . attic - night tight on a light switch - it be flip . a attic - full of book , box , discard possession . White pick up a book and open it - the page have be eat out by a swarm of roaches . he drop it in disgust as the insect scurry over he hand . in a small wooden box be several toy he examine with great interest . at the bottom of the box he find a SMALL dog - eared drawing book . on the cover be a colourful scrawl in child 's write - a title : answer - by jonathan white , age nine . White sit down and flip through the book in the dim light . page after page be fill with neat handwrite and drawing . as he read segment from the book he seem more and more disturb . he flip through faster and faster . he p.o.v. page flip past , stop occasionally . glimpsis of diagram . the mystery men and there world . Cross -section of the mystery men , the cavity in they head with the insect inside clearly illustrate . everything . push in close on White . he look up , stunned . int . uncle karl apartment White emerge from the attic , clutching the small book to he chest , lose in think . he step quietly into a hall - way - notice the old man put the phone back on its cradle . karl John , I do not see you there . a noise o.s. White and uncle Karl turn . a ventilation grill fall off a wall , revealing a hole . eye shine from the darkness . the puppet leap from the hole . its blade unfold , spin wildly before it hit the carpet . it face the two man . karl what be that ? white ( to Karl ) get back ! karl filthy beast ! shoo ! go on ! shoo ! he wheel forward , attempt to scare the puppet off . white no ! the puppet go for uncle Karl . a whirr of metal , blood splashes across white and the wall . uncle Karl scream horribly . White grab a chair - hold it above he . the puppet turn from the dead man in the wheelchair . White let it have it . the chair crash down , splintering into piece . the puppet be daze , but immediately recover . White have a fire- poker now . as the puppet advance , he swing , connect with the creature , hurtle it across the room , into a wall . White run out the door . in the corridor he leap into a wait elevator . pushes the top floor button . the elevator shaft - the elevator move upwards . inside the elevator White look through the circular window in the door . he p.o.v . - floor after floor slide past - desert . he look at the floor indicator . tight on number lighting up : 86 , 87 , 88 ... then the elevator stop , the door open , look down a dark corridor . the puppet be at the end . it turn to face he , suddenly race forward , a horrible high - pitch shriek from its mechanical voice box . White stab the button of the elevator frantically , the door will not close . the puppet be upon he . he jump , straight up . it go under he , crashing into the back of the elevator . White hit the down button one last time , and leap out of the compartment as the door close . a mechanical extendible arm shoot out and grab White around the ankle . drag he across floor . the puppet shriek wildly again , as ... its arm - be jammed in the close door now . lift descend . the puppet squeal . the arm snap off . White stand , pull dislocate arm off he ankle . he can hear the elevator descend . suddenly it stop - start return to he floor . White turn and run again . the lift door burst OPEN - the enraged creature emerge and race after he . he tear around a corner - find himself in a dead -end . nowhere to go . he can hear the puppet approach along the corridor . suddenly he notice a grill on a wall above he head . he pull it off , climb into a incredibly tight pipe . crawl frantically . he see a light ahead . a open . he kick the grill off . a sudden gust of wind . he p.o.v. the pipe lead to the outside of the building - nowhere to go except a hundred storey straight down . he scream , almost fall . turn to start crawl back . suddenly the end of the pipe fill with whirring metal blade . the puppet have follow he in and be advance . no choice - he look out the hole . sees a pipe on the outside of the building , run vertically near the open . it look impossible but it 's he only chance . he climb out , balance himself on the lip of the open , reach for the pipe . the puppet be almost upon he . he swing across , get a hand on the pipe . he slip , dangle - hold on - one hand on the pipe , one on the edge of the hole . the pipe be greasy , slippery , can not grip it . suddenly he hear a mechanical clicking - turn to see the puppet stand on the edge of the hole , inch from he hand . a soft noise reverberate in its voice box - a mechanical giggle ? a circular blade on one of its arm start up , move down onto White 's hand . tight on he eye - sweat bead and run down he forehead . tight on the blade - as it cut into flesh . blood spatter White 's face as he grimace with intense pain . he can not hold on . he fall , plummet through space . scream . int . hospital - night a group of surgeon stand about bumstead' mother on she life - support machinery . the surgeon have face - mask on and be in deep shadow . the woman stare blankly , still in a coma . in the reception area bumstead look up from he wristwatch . bumstead I can not wait any longer ... he be stand in front of the male nurse in the glass - in counter . nurse I be sorry . I tell you , she be be examine ... he turn and storm off down the corridor . the nurse stand , shouting after he . nurse mister bumstead ! inside mother' room one of the " doctor " lean down and grab a handful of wire lead out of a box beside the woman . surgeon we will teach the pig to meddle in we affair . yes . he pull the wire out in a burst of electrical spark - all the machine die . the woman come to life momentarily , start to claw at the glass shield in front of she face , like she be suffocating . the life drain from she weak body and she be still . angle on the door - it burst open . bumstead be stand there . the mask surgeon be startle , they turn rapidly to face he . bumstead ( step forward ) what be happen ? surgeon ah , Inspector bumstead ! we be glad you be here - I be afraid we have do all we can . yes . you mother have pass . yes . bumstead turn towards he mother . bumstead but she be get better ... surgeon we be sorry . the cancer - it be fatal . bumstead turn to the man , confusion in he eye . bumstead she do not have cancer . the man glance at each other for a moment , then back at the inspector . surgeon we know that . yes. ( the other man nod ) anyway - she be dead . bumstead leap forward , rip off one of the surgeon 's mask . angle on the man - he turn to look at bumstead , pale skin , stare eye , a mystery man . two other men grab he from behind . bumstead ( struggle ) I will kill you all ! one of the mystery Men step up to the struggle inspector , place the palm of he hand across bumstead 's eye . mystery man you will obey we , yes . in you mind there be a dark space ... tight angle bumstead 's hand reach out , fumble at a tray of surgical implement , grab a scalpel . wider he cut into the hand of one of the Men hold he , spin and drive the scalpel into the forehead of the mystery man attempt to hypnotise he . the other Men leap towards he . ext . canal - night tight on white's face his eye be shut tight . he open they , slowly look around , curious why he be not dead . wider angle White float in mid - AIR , hover ten foot or so above a dark body of water . he look amaze . shut he eye , rub they , open they again . still float . he clenches he fist and tense he body . slowly he start to move forward , hover at a even height over the water . wider still several angle feature the figure of White levitate across the harbour , past half - sink building and rusted ship . tight on white - he come to a stop . smile in amazement . then he suddenly plummet into the water , like a trap - door have open beneath he . angle on bubble float to the surface . White 's face rise slowly out of the water . wider - CITY skyline a SMALL object float towards the ground at the end of a tiny white parachute . back on white he swim across to a small boat , climb aboard , push himself silently through the still canal of the city . ext . harbour oil tanker move silently through inky water . White paddle the boat to the bottom of a pier , climb a rotten ladder . he run off into the shadow . back in the water the puppet cut through the wave , push along by a rear propeller . it reach the pier , climb to the top . the prop retract , and the creature wheel forward slowly , onto a concrete surface . it look around - it know White be there somewhere . puppet' p.o.v. a trail of wet footprint on the ground . it follow they , be lead to a crane cabin . inside the crane' cabin - be White , a lunatic grin on he face , at the control . a noise o.s. startles the puppet . it look up . puppet' p.o.v. follow the crane up into the air . the crane be swinging around against the dark sky . a huge metal container dangle , stop above the puppet . on white white Nice know you . tight on white's hand - it pull a lever . the container - shake and start to fall . the puppet - scream up at the plummete container . wider the container crash into the ground , crush the creature . silence . Dust float in the air . ext . STREET bumstead 's run . he look a mess , clutching a bleed gash in he side , cut on he face , clothes tear - but he make it out alive ... CUT to : ext . roof - top bumstead sit on the ground , lean against a wall , breathe heavily - he 's lose a lot of blood . he wait . a noise o.s. startles he - a figure in the shadow across the roof . bumstead White ? it 's too big to be White . the man step from the shadow . stromboli ( walk forward ) hello , bumstead . he 's hold a gun , levell at the inspector . bumstead lie bleed , against the wall . he point he own gun at the advance man and pull the trigger . click ! click ! click ! bumstead dammit . stromboli be upon he , grab the empty gun , throw it away , pick up the inspector , lean he against the wall . without stromboli hold he up , bumstead would not be able to stand . stromboli why do you always have to find thing out the hard way ! could not you just do you job , you idiot ? I tell you , do not I ? this people be not play game , bumstead . they can do anything they want , do not you understand ? bumstead ( a hiss ) you be one of they . you bastard ... stromboli ( laugh ) in a way , we all be , inspector ! you. me. everybody ! stromboli carry bumstead towards the edge of the roof . he keep laugh . stromboli time for that early retirement , bumstead . do not bring the gold watch I be afraid . bumstead ( weakly ) no ... please ... inspector be p.o.v. the edge loom up - a long drop to the street . ext . STREET White pace nervously through empty street . he stop , to get he bearing , then turn and run into : a silhouetted figure in a bizarre metal contraption on wheel . a skeletal hand reach out to White , grab he arm . a inhuman moan . terrorise , White pull back . figure ahhh ... it hurt !... the mechanize figure trundle forward , pin he to a wall . a streetlight reveal ... doctor schreber cover in blood , encase in a metal framework cover in silver blade . white what happen to you ? schreber I be ... be ... punish . the blade be connect to the wheel - they turn when he move forward , metal cut into he flesh , slowly skinning he alive . a torture machine . between scream of intense pain , the doctor speak . schreber I have to - ahhhh - find you ... i.. I ... the doctor shut he eye , a trickle of blood run down he face . white what be it ? schreber we be ... live in they dream ... schreber turn and roll off into the night , scream - blade spin furiously , peel back flesh . he glance at White one last time . schreber insect ... dream ... ext . STREET white be run . as he approach the building he hear a scream - look up to see a figure plunge off the roof . he run over . look down at the twisted body . the inspector moan - barely alive . White kneel by he side . bumstead be hand move across to a expand pool of red beside he , trace a ' h ' on the ground in the blood . white ( read ) aitch ? the inspector seem to be die , then revive momentarily , put a map in white 's hand , look up at he : bumstead gesundheit ! his eye roll up and he goe limp . White stare at the body , then : white I do not sneeze . int . morgue - night the mortician turn off the light in the main hall and step into he office , sit down , pour himself a hot drink ; turn on the radio , open he conic-book . a noise o.s. disturb he and he get up , walk out of he office , look into the darkness . he p.o.v. pan around the empty morgue . nothing . decide to go back to he office . he turn and be startle by three mystery men obstruct he path . man 1 we be look for the White victim . mortician and who the hell be you ? the mortician catch a glimpse of the shiny dagger man 1 be clutching by he side . he become very scared . mortician over there . number eight to twelve . three men look over to where the mortician have point in unison . man 1 look back . man 1 thank you . a flash of steel . the mortician 's throat spout blood . he grab reflexively at the gash and fall back onto the floor , dead before he hit the tile . the mystery Men step to a adjoin chamber . man 2 put down a box he be carry , open the lid . a green glow ooze out . the other Men manipulate lever on a control panel on a nearby wall . Stainless steel door open . body -length trays slide into the dim light . shape cover in white sheet . man 2 with the box remove a glass syringe , fill with a glow green liquid . he step to the body and inject each with the syringe , through the sheet . when he have finish he step back , place the syringe back in the box . the men leave silently . all be silent and still . then the shape beneath a sheet start to sit up . then another , and another . int . corridor - night white be run again , clutching bumstead be map . camera pull back and up reveal the entire corridor . keep pulling back - until the view be impossibly wide - like a cross-section of the building he 's in , a doll 's house with the roof take off . the tiny figure run , amidst a dark network of surround room and passage . continue pull back White be no more than a speck - the hall - way stretch endlessly in both direction , behind and in front of the move figure , through a infinite labyrinth . wider still we no longer make out the figure . the x-ray environment resemble some intricate aerial map of the vast city - the corridor a ever increase spiral . int . ornate apartment build - night White reach the top of a spiral flight of stair . he p.o.v. apartment ' h ' - a rusted metal letter on the door . White step forward . he knock once and the door creak open , unlock . inside the room be empty , derelict , strewn with rubbish . mould grow on the damp wall . a door stand at the end of a long empty room . he can hear the muffle sound of surf , seagull . White start to walk forward , smile . as he approach the door he begin to feel colder . he open the door and look out . a blast of sunlight - blue ocean and sky . voice o.s. John White ... White do not turn about , he take a step forward , then another - and run into the sky - a painted wall . he glance up at a small speaker build into the wall - the source of the sea - side SOUND effect . he hear the click of the gun be cocked behind he . hope dash , he turn . angle on a mystery man - a gun point at White 's stomach . mystery man there be nothing , mister White . Beyond the city . never have be . unfortunate . yes ? White be lead into a pitch black room . inside tight on white's face - in the darkness - he look across to the mystery man stand beside he . white how do you know where to find I ? mystery man we know you would turn up here eventually ... be wait for you , yes . hope you would not make a nuisance of yourself on the way ... the man motion with the gun for White to walk forward . as soon as White turn to do this , the man slip from the room and shut the door , cut off any exist light . a noise o.s. - some kind of machine be turn on - light start to come up all over the room . it 's a normal , average -size , live room . all the furniture have be remove and replace with chair , table , podium - a arrangement resembling a improvised court of law . in fact , White realize he be stand behind some kind of witness box . the apartment be devoid of people , though almost immediately a door open to the side ( look like it would lead to the kitchen ) and a series of figure step through . mystery men . all the men take up specific position around the room , without uttering a word , but do not sit . one mystery man open a curtain beneath a arched entrance - beyond it , within a very small room , stand dozen of people , cramme shoulder to shoulder . the people stare at White silently - a bizarre gallery of spectator . a eerie silence fall on the room . the kitchen door open again . White be shocked to see the victims walk into the room and adopt position in what be obviously the area for the jury . the disemboweled corpse of a woman step out of the shadow , push a pram . her throat be cut , she be shroud in a white sheet . within the pram be the baby clutching its own head , with spine attach , under its arm . then the mutilate fredrick hop out , follow by the three brown blood - stain paper parcel contain what be leave of the young boy . finally , he wife and the japanese woman , still in passionate embrace , take they position . another door open - a closet . within stand the figure we have only see as a shadow - the elderly mystery man with the cane . mister black slowly reach above he and pull at a chain hang from the ceiling - the light snap on inside the closet . somewhere , a long way off in the same building , a toilet be hear flush . he be much older than the rest , carry himself with authority as he hobble across the room to a raise podium , support he withere body on he cane . look like he will play judge . everyone in the room now sit . mister Black look at White . angle on white - he start to tremble , not so much from fear , but cold . mister black welcome . White just look at he , still clutching the small notebook call : answer . mister black John White , you be to be try for murder , yes . you wish to confess to this crime now ? White be silent . he lean over and scratch he leg through the fabric of he trousers . they itch like crazy . mister Black turn to the assemble people . mister black very well . the testimony of the prosecutor . yes . two mystery men stand and step across to a wooden easel . man 1 stand beside it , reveal a series of visual , chart , etc. draw on stiff cardboard . man 2 use a pointer while he describe the evidence to support they case . mystery man 2 we will show that John White be abnormal , a menace to society , a dangerous sick individual , and that the court should have no mercy in find he guilty and punishable to the extreme for he crime . man 1 place a large black and white photo blow - up on the easel . it show White at the door of the japanese woman be apartment , clutching a kitchen knife , cover in blood . mystery man 1 exhibit a show the accuse leave the scene of he most recent crime , yes . a photo take by a remote camera plant by one of we agent . White watch in stunne silence . a general murmur of agreement through the room as the point be make . mister Black turn to the victim , nod he head slowly . mystery man 2 exhibit B ... man 1 remove a small tape recorder , hand it to man 2 . mystery man 2 actual tape recording of accuse commit aforementioned crime , yes . he turn a switch , the reel spin slowly . a hush fill the room . voice 1 ( sound like japanese woman ) no ... please ... a scream . voice 2 ( sound like White ) shut up ! another scream . a rip sound . voice 3 ( sound like he wife ) John ! do not ... another scream . White be stand up , involuntarily , he can not listen to this any longer . white ( a squeak , almost inaudible ) stop it ! this be a lie ... mister Black turn to White . the Men testify stop the tape and look at he also . mister black something to say ? ready to confess ? the Men in the audience turn and all stare at White , as do the victim and the spectator in the adjoin room . white ( back to a whisper ) I do not kill anyone . mister black speak up . yes . white ( find he voice ) it 's lie . everything . he grip the barrier before he . a shriek from the pram contain the baby - it rock violently from side to side . the disemboweled woman rise from she chair . she have difficulty stand , she limb stiff . she look at White , open she mouth to say something , but no sound come out . instead a tiny red crab scuttle out , across she face , and fall to the ground . she sit down . White be stunne . mister black bring the witness . a older couple be lead out of the kitchen by a mystery man . shown to seat behind a podium . the woman look sadly at White . mister black you be the accuse 's parent ? father that 's right . mother yes . white wait a minute ... mister slack you have you turn ! let they speak . white ( angry ) my parent be suppose to be dead ! you can not keep change the damn rule like this ! why go through this ridiculous set-up ! why do not you just kill I and be do with it ! mister black ( smile at parent ) please , continue ... white this be insane ! he look over to the victim . white it be they , not I . ( point at the mystery Men ) they kill you . look back at the mystery men. white you have invent all this . History be a lie , not just mine , everyone 's - a fiction . you be the author . his knuckle go white as he squeeze tighter on the barrier . mister black a fanciful idea , mister White . white everyone have a job - a function . each one teach you more about you invention . I be what be call a murderer . the whole court listen in silence to White 's testimony . white you have give everybody memory , but I miss out . the Doctor see to that - play you own game . and now ... white look at the mystery men , then back at mister black . white you be try to get rid of I . there be silence . whisper . face stare . white why do I threaten you ? you be scared be not you ? mister black and the gather mystery men look speechless at White . suddenly everyone burst into spontaneous laughter , lead by mister Black . a terrible cackle fill the room - all the mystery men laugh hysterically , so do the mutilate victim . the spectator in the adjoin room remain silent . mister black ah - a plot . now we have a plot ! ( chuckle ) very inventive ... the older couple behind the podium look disturb . mother please , John , you be embarrassing we ... white shut up ! mister black ( chuckle still ) you have proof ? evidence ? yes ? white ( hold up notebook ) it 's all here ! mister Black seem startle by the book , then pretend it 's nothing . mister black a book of delusion . anything else ? white but I ... mister black I see. ( turn to the victim ) the verdict , yes ... white wait , this be not fair ... the disemboweled woman stand again . this time she open she mouth , there be a bubbling noise , water run out , then : disemboweled woman ( whisper ) guil - ty ... White be agitate , fear in he face . mister Black stamp some paper before he repeatedly . on the paper - official - look document . the stamp say : guilty . close on White 's eye . mister black before I pronounce sentence ... suddenly the papers on the bench in front of mister Black burst into flame . mister Black recoil , almost fall off he chair , take by surprise . the mystery Men all look at White , a murmur of concern . mister Black look up at White - angere . mister black how dare you use you trick on I ! White , genuinely surprised , look around . several mystery Men back away from he , scared . white I do not realise ... mister black shut up , freak ! monster ! you be insignificant . he glare across the room , angrily . a wooden chair in a corner start to vibrate . close on mister Black 's eye . the chair rise into the air - hurl across the room at White . mister Black laugh as it crash into the wall . White duck just in time . the gather mystery Men erupt into enthusiastic applause . White regains he composure and try some mind trick of he own . he lift a small table into the air , and make it spin - a knife and fork dance back and forth on the surface , as several plate ( from a stack in the kitchen ) hurl , firstly at the spin table , then go fly across the room , smash near mister Black , make he dance back and forth comically . this display be accompany by a rouse rendition of a waltz play on a float gramophone White have also activate with he mind . several mystery Men be terrified . White be amaze at he own performance . mister black you will regret that . mister Black be furious , spluttering , spit fly from he mouth . mister black ( shout ) shut it down ! a mystery man by the window , pick up a phone and dial furiously . everyone in the room remain silent - wait . man on phone yes , we have a problem here . shut it down immediately . White do not understand what be go on . o.s. the SOUND of machinery winding down . angle on a clock hang on the wall . on the second hand . it suddenly stop . all eye be on mister Black . mister black this have all go too far . yes , much too far . mister Black start to shake . his eye shut , clenches he tooth , grip the insect on he cane , plant he foot firmly to the floor . around the room wall crack , plaster rain down from the ceiling ... CUT to : ext . CITY - night all over the city thing start to fall apart - a devastating impact on the landscape . montage a street crack OPEN . beneath the pavement be pulsate intestine - like organ . this burst open with pus ... a building vanish ... a car on a street corner fly into the air ... a telephone box start to spin , faster and taster , digging itself into the concrete . monstrous insect legs sprout from the hole leave behind ... geyser of steaming bile spurt into the night sky ... black excrement force up out of a sewer , run down stone step ... the CITY be come apart ... CUT back to : int . apartment h ' the room look like a earthquake hit it - break furniture and gape hole tear in the wall . several mystery men huddle behind a upturn table , watch white and mister black . they face each other , both still stand - mental energy focus against each other in battle . the fight be take its toll on both man . a dagger hang suspend in mid-air , slowly rotate to face White with its shine silver blade . mister Black be clenching he rotting tooth , tightening bony fist by he side . push every ounce of mental power at the knife . White , bleed from a gash in he cheek , be strain he mind against the knife . the blade start to move , ever so slowly at first , towards White . his body be shaking with he mental effort . a bead of sweat run down he brow , drip into he eye , blur he vision . he be lose . int . kitchen - night we see a out of focus image . a group of dark figure . white regains consciousness , strapped to a kitchen table . from he perspective , in the immediate foreground , a figure speak as he remove a syringe from White 's forehead . figure good as new . yes . everything be easier now . his vision clear , he can see . it 's mister black . behind he a SMALL crowd who turn out to be mystery men . mister Black suddenly pull at he own face , remove the mask . underneath be a mess of pulsating organ and insect part . this be what mystery Men really look like . he laugh , start to move rhythmically - a strange dance-step . the other join in , as they too pull off mask . each man reach up to he leave ear in unison . they pull squirming insect out , hold they up to the light . the insect scream triumphantly . White scream too . and he can not stop . everything go black . then the sound of a key rattling in a lock . a door slowly creak open ... int . seaside HOTEL room - day a p.o.v. enter a small room . dappled sunlight through a tatter lace curtain . a clock tick on a wall . a cough o.s. from the corridor . a fat man , talk as he enter : fat man it 's small but clean ... ( it be not ) ... and the view 's nice . ( point to window ) be not it ? JOHN white enter . he be haggard , eye rimmed with red . he still hold the small black notebook , tight to he chest . he stand in the centre of the room , look up . strangely , though the room be very small , it extend upwards several storey - window sit at various height . White walk to the lace curtain , open it with shaking hand . outside a narrow street and at the end , the ocean . the sound of distant surf , he can taste the salt spray . white ( without turn ) I will take it . the man behind he blow he nose loudly and turn to go , shutting the door . White put the notebook down on a table near the open window . later White have fall asleep on the bed . he wake , troubled . stands and walk over to the sink next to the bed . he move like he be underwater . the sea-breeze tug at the curtain , draw he to the window . he p.o.v. down the street to the small patch of sand between building . two figure approach each other . he pull out he wallet and remove the tear photo of the woman , place it against the pillow on the bed . he sit on the edge of the bed and lift he trousers , look at he leg nothing out of the ordinary . White be disturb by a tiny movement in he coat pocket . he reach in and pull out a small , emaciated fish . disgust , he drop the fish to the floor , look at the creature . White raise he foot . his heel come down with a sicken squish . the camera move in steadily towards the notebook near the window . as the shot tightens we can read the title on the cover : answer - by jonathan white , age nine . now a sudden gust of wind blow open the book . the page flicker past . glimpsis of happy thing . a child 's drawing of smile people . the sun shine down on a blue ocean full of sailing boat . field of colourful flower . cute animal . int . long corridor - day SOUND of surf , distant , muffle . camera move slowly towards a door . the final door - no other beyond this . echoic footstep . tight on white - his haggard face move through darkness . he look down at he walk foot . he p.o.v . - White see water , wave break , through the crack in the floorboard of the hallway . another angle the crack around the close door be illuminate , white - hot , by the SUN outside . on he hand - as he reach towards the handle . on he face - as the door open . a sharp line of light cut across he feature , as he eye blink and water . the wind pull at he messy hair . surf noise be louder now . reverse angle - wider - outside look through the door , along a long wooden pier jutting out into a blue seascape . at the end of the pier stand the tiny figure of a woman with red hair . she look out at the ocean , she back turn . angle look back at White stand in the open doorway , squint into the sun . suddenly he look relieved , almost happy for the first time . he step out of frame briskly - a weight go from he shoulder . everything be clear finally , he know exactly what to do . a voice recite name over a p.a. system . reverse angle a tracking shot follow White , move down the pier toward the woman . as White step up to she , she turn and smile . woman ( indicate the sea ) beautiful . White nod slowly . he look out of place in he crumpled suit . he stare out at the ocean . seagull fly over . Sun reflect off wave . white yes ... woman what 's you name ? he look at she . smile . then , slowly , bring he hand to she throat . white John ... White . fade to black credit