dark STAR : a science fiction adventure a screenplay by John carpenter and Dan o'bannon OPEN on black silence . the sound of electronic music rise , hollow , metallic . fade in on a long tracking shot through the universe . as the narrator speak we move through galaxy , nebulae , solar system , move from the infinite slowly down to a particular planetary system deep within a maze of sun . narrator ( over ) it be the mid 22nd century . mankind have explore the boundary of he own solar system , and now he reach out to the endless interstellar distance of the universe . he move away from he own small planetary system in huge hyperdrive starship : computer -driven , self - support , close - system spacecraft that travel at mind-staggering post- light velocity . man have begin to spread among the star . enormous ship embark with generation of colonist search the depth of space for new earth , now home , new beginning . Far in advance of this colony ship go a new pioneer : the scout , the pathfinder , a special breed of man who have dedicated he life to blaze the trail through the most distant , unexplored galaxy , open up the farthest frontier of space . this be the man of the Advance Exploration Corps . the task they face be one of unbelievable isolation and loneliness . so far from home that Earth be no longer even a point of light in the sky , they must comb the universe for that unstable planet whose existence pose a threat to the peaceful colonist that follow . they must find this rogue planet -- and destroy they . among this commando be the man of the scoutship Dark Star . we be now move toward a planet . float in front of the planet be the scoutship dark STAR . as we move toward the ship , we begin to hear voice , crackle with static . doolittle ( over -- radio filter ) ah , what would you say , pinback ? pinback ( over -- great static ) mafhkin oble groop ... doolittle ( over -- filter ) ah , what be that again , I still can not hear you ? pinback ( over -- filter ) I say I be try to reach talby . something 's wrong with the damn intercom . I need a last- minute diameter approximation . camera be now floating toward the observation dome on top of the ship . in the dome sit talby . he be stare around , wide - eye , at the planet and star . doolittle ( over -- filter ) talby , talby , this be doolittle . do you read I ? talby ? we move in close on talby's face . the shot stop and hold as he continue to stare , rapt . doolittle ( cont would -- over -- filter ) talby , do you read I ? there be a crackle , and doolittle 's voice suddenly boom through , loud and clear : doolittle ( cont would ) talby ! talby ( snap out of it ) oh ! ah , yes , doolittle . what be it ? interior - control room close shot of a digital clock , tick down the second . doolittle I need a diameter approximation . talby ( over ) okay , doolittle , I will have it in a minute . camera begins to pull back along the length of the control room , revealing three man : boiler , doolittle , and pinback . they be seat close together in cramped little chair , surround by a maze of instrumentation , press button , make adjustment and correction . there be one empty chair ; the panel in front of it look burn . pinback I need a ghf read on the gravity correction . doolittle I will check it . boiler I have a reduce drive read of seven thousand . pinback right , that check out here . doolittle pinback ... pinback yes , doolittle . doolittle you ghf read be minus fifteen . pinback doolittle ... doolittle yes . pinback I need a computer read on a fail - safe mark . doolittle in a second . pinback boiler , can you set I up with some temp figure ? boiler ninety seven million , minus eight , correct to mass critical . pinback I read that with a quantum increase of seven . doolittle pinback , I have a computer read of nine five seven seven . boiler time to start talk . pinback bomb bay system operational . pinback hit a button on he panel . interior - bomb BAY the screen be black for a instant . then , two enormous door begin to open ponderously , revealing the planet rotate below . a huge bomb , designate with a giant # 19 on its side , lower slowly out of the ship on a rack . narrator ( over ) this be a chain -reaction bomb , otherwise know as a exponential thermostellar device . its own destructive power be small , barely enough to vaporize twelve city block . however , when it explode in contact with a object the size of a planet , it start a chain - reaction in the very matter of that planet , turn it into a giant reactor which destroy itself in one staggering thermal flash . this bomb be equip with sophisticated think and speech mechanism , to allow they to make executive decision in the event of a crisis situation . this judgment center be control by a fail - safe mechanism . interior - control room doolittle lock fail safe . pinback turn a key in a lock . pinback fail -safe lock . ah , sergeant pinback call1ng bomb # 19 . do you read I , bomb ? exterior - bomb BAY the bomb be suspend beneath the ship . bomb # 19 bomb # 19 to sergeant pinback , I read you . continue . when the bomb speak , it have the prim , fussy voice of a minor civil servant . interior - control room pinback well , bomb , we have about sixty second to drop . just wonder if everything be all right . have you check you platinum euridium energy shield ? exterior - bomb BAY bomb # 19 Energy shield positive function . interior - control room pinback swell . let 's synchronize detonation time . do you know when you be suppose to go off ? exterior - bomb BAY bomb # 19 detonation in six minute , twenty second . interior - control room pinback all right , I have detonation time at ... wait a minute , something 's wrong with the clock . ( hit panel ) all right , I have detonation time at ... no , that can not be right , it say three year . ( beat panel again ) okay , I have six minute exactly . do that check out down there ? exterior - bomb BAY bomb # 19 check at six minute . interior - control room pinback Arm yourself , bomb . exterior - bomb BAY several light blip on along the bomb 's side . bomb # 19 armed . interior - control room pinback well , then , everything sound fine . we will drop you off in thirty - five second . good luck . exterior - bomb BAY bomb # 19 thanks . interior - control room pinback begin main sequence . Mark at 10-9-8 - 7-6-5-4-3-2-1-drop . exterior - the ship bomb # 19 fall away from the ship and whizze down toward the planet below . interior - control room doolittle hyperdrive sequence begin . hit it , pinback . pinback hit the hyperdrive switch . Force field energize around the man . exterior - the ship the dark STAR accelerate into hyperdrive and streak away through space . the planetary system recede in the background . Inside the observation dome , talby be freeze in a protective force field . insert : close shot of a time clock . it blip down to zero . return to scene behind the ship , there be a intense flare of light as the planet , now a dot of light , explode . interior - observation dome the force field around talby disappear as the ship come out of hyperdrive . he rub he eye as though awaken , then look down at he readout panel . insert - close shot of a panel . on a small screen we see the explode planet , and below , a readout say : destruction sequence complete return to scene talby touch he intercom . talby Lieutenant doolittle , it just explode . ( pause ) ah , sir , the planet just explode . ( pause -- he shake the microphone ) Lieutenant ? interior - control room the man be stretch in they seat . doolittle unlock fail safe . pinback unlock the fail - safe unit . pinback fail safe unlock . recorded voice attention . attention . the hyperdrive sequence be now terminate . please observe that the no smoking sign have growrrr ... the voice run down . doolittle well ... now what ? what do , you have for we now . boiler ? boiler ( check he readout ) not much . nothing at all in this sector . doolittle find I something , I do not care where it be . boiler well , I show a 95 % probability of sentient life in the horsehead nebula ... doolittle fuck that shit . boiler well , it be kind of a long shot ... doolittle it 's a goddamn wild goose chase . remember when Commander Powell find that 99 plus probability of sentient life in the magellanic cloud ? boiler well , there 's the possibility of ... doolittle remember what we find ? fourteen light year for a fuck mindless vegetable that look like a limp balloon and go squawk and let a fart when you touch it . remember ? boiler all right , then ... doolittle so do not give I any of that sentient life crap . find I something I can blow up . a light flare on pinback 's board . he look up . pinback New star . ( no reaction ) hey , guess what ? I get a new star on the readout . doolittle ( not look up ) which one ? pinback another unknown . not on the chart . a red dwarf . doolittle any planet ? pinback yeah . eight , it say here . doolittle any of them any good ? pinback ( scan the board ) naah . all stable . doolittle lose interest . pinback ( cont would ) what be you gonna name it ? doolittle ( not look up ) what ? pinback the new star . what be you gonna name it ? doolittle who care . do not bother I . pinback 's mouth tighten . a pause . pinback Commander Powell would have name it . doolittle Commander Powell be dead . involuntarily , pinback glance at Commander Powell 's empty , burn seat . the panel behind it sputter . pinback come on , doolittle , give it a name . doolittle Fred . pinback wha ? doolittle I hereby name this star Fred . boiler hey , doolittle , here 's one . a unstable planet . 85 % probability of a unstable planet in the veil nebula that will probably go off its orbit and hit a star . doolittle sound good . chart a course for the veil nebula . boiler pinback , throw I the chart log . pinback draw a loose - leaf notebook from a shelf above Commander Powell 's empty seat , and hurl it at boiler . with a sour look at pinback , boiler pick up the notebook and begin to leaf through it . doolittle let 's have some music in here , boiler . boiler press a button . loud country music theme begins to play . exterior - dark STAR ( title sequence ) this sequence include shot of the dark STAR drift through space , past various cosmic wonder , intercut with shot of the man relax ( talby stare into space ; boiler trimming he beard ; doolittle play solitaire ; pinback read a comic book ) . credit and music over . sequence end . interior - dark STAR beep . we be watch a film tape . doolittle have just turn it on and be stare into the camera . crosshair and blipping number superimpose . doolittle ship 's log , entry number 1,943 . Dark Star cruise at light speed through sector theta 990 . en route to veil nebula for destruction of unstable planet . we eta be 1700 hour . ( think ) ship 's system continue to deteriorate ... pinback lean into view and whisper into doolittle 's ear . doolittle nod and pinback withdraw . doolittle ( cont would ) the short circuit in the rear seat panel which kill Commander Powell continue to be faulty . ( think ) uh ... storage Area 9 ... pinback lean back in and whisper emphatically . doolittle look put - upon . doolittle ( cont would ) and because he 's sit next to it , it continue to bother pinback . ( glare at pinback . then : ) storage Area 9 self - destruct last week , destroy entire ship 's supply of toilet paper . that 's all . beep . interior - observation dome talby be still gaze around at the star . a hatch open in the floor and doolittle stick he head up . doolittle talby . talby rotate he seat and look down at doolittle . doolittle ( cont would ) here 's some breakfast . doolittle climb into the dome and sit on the floor . he hand talby the food package , and watch matter - of - factly as talby begin to eat . doolittle ( cont would ) you know , talby , you really ought to eat with the rest of we . you spend too much time up here . talby I like it up here . doolittle must get lonely be up here so much . talby I do not like to go below since Commander Powell die . I feel enclose down there . if it be big enough , I would sleep up here ... doolittle ... should spend some time below , see more of the rest of the ship ... talby ... you see , I can watch thing up here , doolittle . I love to watch thing , just stare at the planet and meteor and asteroid , gas cluster ... doolittle you will have plenty of time for that , you know . figure it this way : twenty year in space and we have only age three , so there will be plenty of time to stare around ... talby you know , doollttle , if we be go into the veil nebula , we may actually find a strange and beautiful thing : the Phoenix asteroid . they should be pass through there about now ... doolittle Phoenix asteroid ? never hear of them . talby they be a body of asteroid that make a complete circuit of the universe once every 12.3 trillion year . the Phoenix asteroid ... from what I have hear , doolittle , they glow ... glow with all the color of the rainbow . nobody know why . they just glow as they drift around the universe . imagine all the sight they have see in the time they have be travel -- the birth and death of star , thing we will never see . the universe be alive , doolittle . I think it be all empty , but it be not . in between the star , it 's seethe with light and gass and dust . there be little pebble drift around , planet no one on Earth have ever see ... no one but the Phoenix asteroid ... there be a blipping SOUND . it be insistent . talby be rudely yank from he reverie . he look down at a panel . but he soft talk have start doolittle reminisc . doolittle you know what I think about , talby ? talby I be get something here , on this readout ... doolittle it 's funny , but I kind of sit around , you know , a lot of time to myself ... talby I think I be get a malfunction here somewhere . doolittle I can not talk to the other , but with time to myself , I think about back home , back home at malibu . I use to surf a lot , talby . I use to be a great surfer . talby Lieutenant doolittle , I be get a definite malfunction on one of the close - circuit computer system ... doolittle the wave at malibu and Zuma be fantastic in the spring talby . I can remember run out on the beach early spring morning with my board and a wet suit ... talby I can not seem to locate the malfunction exactly ... doolittle wave would be peak really high and glassy . hit that water . ridin ' the wall just perfect . talby ... somewhere in the autonomic relay circuit ... doolittle I guess I miss the wave and my board most of all . talby turn in he seat and address doolittle directly . talby ah , doolittle , I do have a malfunction on this readout , but I can not seem to pinpoint exactly where it be . doolittle ( snap out of he daydream ) do not worry about it . we will find out when it go bad . talby ( chagrine ) I really think I should try and locate it immediately . might be something important . doolittle I wish I have my board with I now . even if I could only polish it once in awhile . exterior - space long shot of the dark STAR drift through space . interior - kitchen boiler , pinback , and doolittle be descend a ladder into the kitchen . boiler I be get this flicker light on one of my panel . pinback what flicker light ? boiler the one on unit ... oh , I think it 's gmr twelve zero zero . pinback oh . what 's wrong now ? boiler I be not sure . I think something be fuck up somewhere in the ship , though . pinback I hope it 's not the oven again . boiler yeah . pinback remember when the artificial gravity , go out in the toilet ? the man sit for they meal . doolittle bring food packet from the oven . pinback hey , doolittle , think we will ever find real intelligent life out there ? doolittle out where ? pinback veil nebula . doolittle who care ? interior - control room the Control room be empty . after a moment , there be a repetitive beep . close shot - tv screen . on the screen be the message : incoming communication this fade , and mission controller appear on the screen , against a background of computer terminal . he be dress in a snappy tunic , and when he receive the on-camera cue , he smile ingratiatingly . mission controller hi , guy . glad to get you message . we gather from the ten-year communication lag that you be approximately 18 parsec away . Drop we a line more often , will not you ? sorry to hear about all the malfunction , and real sorry to hear about the death of Commander Powell . there be a week of mourn all over Earth . the flag be at half mast . now I hate to send bad news when you guy be up there do such a swell job , but something 's come up , and we all feel you ought to know about it . we system simulation computer have predict that by the time this message reach you -- that be to say , in about ten year -- there will be a failure in one of you vital ship 's system . the malfunction will occur in -- ( rifle papers ) -- system number e180246 . you can see what a problem this would be if you do not catch it on time . now what you should do be this : first , do not , repeat , do not attempt to adjust the system manually . second -- interior - computer room the room be dim and eerie , bank of dimly flicker light and the hum of air-cool machinery . talby be seat before a glow screen . he punch several button , and the screen come to life . a schematic cross-section of the ship appear in glow green line . talby punch more button , and the screen flash through the level or the ship . finally it show level 6 . there be a small red light pulsing in the emergency Air lock . talby punch another button . the emergency Air lock be magnify fifteen time until it fill the screen . the red light be pulsing in a small area label communications laser # 17 . talby pick up a microphone . talby Lieutenant doolittle , this be talby . Lieutenant ? doolittle ( over -- filter ) yes , talby , what be it ? talby sorry to interrupt you lunch , sir , but I be in the Computer room , and I think I have locate the malfunction . the scanner show it to be some sort of fault in the communication laser , down by the emergency Air lock . can not pinpoint it exactly , but I be go down there with a starsuit and try to find it . interior - kitchen doolittle sound good , talby . let I know if anything important come up . doolittle hang up the mike . boiler why do not talby ever eat down here with the rest of we ? doolittle he just like it up in the dome , that 's all . boiler seem to be think . he frown , look at doolittle . boiler what 's talby 's first name ? doolittle think about it , and a odd expression cross he face . doolittle what 's my first name ? interior - control room close shot - tv screen mission controller -- then repatch channel 12 and seal all the plate . do not mess with it and it should work okay . I be just glad we catch this thing before anything serious happen . keep up the good work , man . his image fade , and be replace by the message : end communication full shot - control room . light blink peacefully in the empty room . hold for a moment . exterior - universe slow zoom toward a sun system . the dark STAR be suspend in frame . a title pop on briefly : veil nebula interior - control room a glowing screen show a schematic of the planet rotate below . boiler stare at it , smile . boiler there she be . definite 99 % - plus probability that the planet be go to deviate from its normal orbit in another twelve thousand rotation . it will spiral in toward its sun , and -- pinback eventual supernova . doolittle good stuff . let 's vaporize it . pinback hit button . pinback bomb bay system operational . exterior - bomb BAY bomb # 20 lower ponderously out of the ship . interior - control room doolittle lock fail safe . pinback turn the key . pinback fail safe in lock . four minute to drop , 22 minute to detonation . this be sergeant pinback call bomb # 20 . do you read I , bomb ? exterior - bomb BAY bomb # 20 bomb # 20 to sergeant pinback . Roger , I read you , continue . interior - emergency AIR lock camera slowly pan down the chromium - steel wall of the emergency Air lock to reveal talby in a starsuit . he be wear it only as protection against possible depressurization , and therefore wear no jetpack . carry a tool kit , he be slowly circle the lock . recorded voice you be now in the emergency Air lock . please remember that the surface door can be open without prior depressurization , so be sure to wear you starsuit at all time . thank you for observe all safety precaution . talby stop face laser shaft 17 . the plate cover on the laser shaft hang loose ; it appear to be burn . talby approach it and put down he tool kit . he turn on he helmet radio . talby ah , Lieutenant doolittle ? Sir ? interior - control room doolittle sh , talby , do not bother I now . interior - emergency AIR lock talby ah , well , I think I have find the malfunction , sir . I be in the emergency Air lock ... interior - control room doolittle not now ! talby ( over -- filter ) well , I be in the emergency Air lock and -- click ! doolittle turn off talby 's radio line . pinback one hundred twenty second to drop , bomb , have you check you platinum euridium energy shield ? exterior - bomb BAY bomb # 20 Energy shield positive function . interior - control room pinback do you remember the detonation time ? exterior - bomb BAY bomb # 2 detonation in twenty minute . interior - control room pinback right , that synchronize here . okay , bomb , arm yourself . exterior - bomb BAY bomb # 20 armed . interior - emergency AIR lock talby stand in front of the laser shaft , try to reach doolittle on he helmet radio . talby hello ? Lieutenant doolittle ? hello ! silence . very carefully , talby reach out to touch the dangle plate cover on the laser shaft . he push it , and it drop to the floor of the lock with a clang . recorded voice Communications laser # 17 , monitoring information relay and bomb bay system , have now be activate and will switch into a test mode . if you will look near the surface door , you will see that the parallax receptor cell have be engage . a small triangular hole open in the opposite wall and a photo - sensitive cell rotate into position . recorded voice the laser will now energize . please stand clear of the path of the beam . talby step back quickly . the airlock light dim , and with a high - pitched whine , a pencil - thin beam of ruby light pulse across the lock , from the laser shaft to the receptor cell . recorded voice Communications laser # 17 be now on test . under no circumstance enter the path of the beam . thank you for observe all safety precaution . interior - control room pinback everything sound fine , bomb . drop you off in sixty second . good luck . exterior - bomb BAY bomb # 2 thanks . interior - control room boiler quantum be up thirty - five . doolittle I read the same here . interior - emergency AIR lock talby crouch by the laser shaft , carefully peer past the red , hum beam . talby doolittle . doolittle ? it you be there , I be go to try to adjust the cue switch on the laser . silence . talby ( cont would ) well ... here go ... he take a long tool from the tool kit . slowly , with agonizing care , he insert the tool into the laser shaft , painstakingly avoid the beam . he engage the tool into the base of the laser , and begin slowly to make a adjustment . there be a blinding flash of light . talby drop the tool and stagger back , clutching he face plate . talby my eye . recorded voice attention . attention . the laser have malfunction . under no circumstance enter the path of the beam . to do so will cause immediate -- talby stumble into the beam . there be a dull explosion . exterior - bomb BAY there be a flash on the lower side of bomb # 20 , a sudden explosion . light blip furiously on the bomb . interior - control room pinback begin main sequence . Mark at 10-9-8 - 7-6-5-4-3-2-1-drop. a honker sound . the man sit up . doolittle I have a negative drop . the bomb be still in the bomb bay . try it again , pinback . pinback reset he panel . the honker stop . pinback Mark at 5 -4-3-2-1-drop . honk -honk -honk - doolittle ah , negative drop . the man stare at each other in silence for a long moment . simultaneously they begin hit button . doolittle rechannel all safety relay -- boiler -- open quantum latch -- pinback -- open circuit breaker -- doolittle -- remove thrust drive repellant -- pinback -- automatic channel open -- doolittle -- remark . pinback 5 - 4-3 -2 - 1 - drop , drop , drop ! there be a very long pause . boiler sittin ' there . it 's just sittin ' there . exterior - bomb BAY bomb # 20 hang underneath the ship , wait . interior - emergency AIR lock talby lie unconscious on the floor of the lock . interior - control room on the man 's face in strain anxiety . doolittle this be Lieutenant doolittle call bomb # 20 . I repeat previous order , you be to disarm yourself and return immediately to the bomb bay . do you understand ? bomb # 20 ( over ) I be program to detonate in fourteen minute thirty second . detonation will occur at the program time . doolittle bomb , this be doolittle . you be not to detonate , repeat , you be not to detonate in the bomb bay . disarm yourself . this be a order . exterior - bomb BAY bomb # 20 I read you , Lieutenant doolittle , but I be program to detonate in fourteen minute . detonation will occur at the program time . interior - control room pinback fourteen minute to detonation . the man stare at each other . recorded voice attention . attention . the bomb have malfunction . Automatic damper have go into effect , and will confine the explosion to a area one mile in diameter . please contact mission control and await further instruction . thank you for observe all safety precaution . pause . doolittle only one thing to do . I will have to ask Commander Powell . I will have to ask he what to do . interior - freezer room doolittle climb down a ladder into the icy -blue , cold freezer room . the wall be cover with frost , and mist hang in the air . he pull on a pair of insulate glove and approach a heavy freezer door . on the door be a sign : cryogenic freezer compartment caution absolute zero he open the door . commander powell be encase in the freezer in a post - death , freeze ammonia state . Wire and electrode be attach to he head . doolittle take a microphone from a console on the freezer . he flip a switch and speak into the mike : doolittle Commander Powell ? Commander Powell , this be doolittle . can you read I ? a crackle of static come from a speaker grille , along with the faint muttering of commander powell' voice : powell ... muffirup glurrinpinfropal ... doolittle fiddle with the volume control , try to bring Commander Powell 's voice into audibllity . doolittle Commander Powell , this be doolittle . ah , there 's something serious come up , sir , and I have to ask you something . powell ( very weakly ) I be glad you have come to talk with I , doolittle . it 's be so long since anyone have come to talk with I . doolittle Commander , sir , we have a big problem . you see , the veil nebula bomb , bomb number 20 , be stick . it will not drop from the bomb bay . it refuse to listen and plan to detonate in -- ( check watch ) -- less than eleven minute . powell doolittle , you must tell I one thing . doolittle what 's that , sir ? powell tell I , doolittle , how be the dodger do ? doolittle well , sir , the dodger break up , disband over thirteen year ago . powell ah ... pity , pity ... doolittle you do not understand , sir , we can not get the bomb to drop . powell ah , so many malfunction ... why do not you have anything nice to tell I when you activate I ? oh , well , do you try the azimuth clutch ? doolittle yes sir . negative effect . powell what be that , doolittle ? doolittle negative effect . powell it do not work ? doolittle that 's correct , sir . powell sorry , doolittle . I have forget so much since I have be in here . so much . doolittle what should we do , sir ? the time be run out . powell well , what you might try be -- Commander Powell 's voice be drown in a burst of static . doolittle fiddle with the dial . doolittle Commander Powell ? Commander , hello ! powell doolittle , hello ? doolittle sorry , sir , you fade out there for a minute . powell sorry . doolittle what be you say , Commander , about the bomb ? powell ah ... it seem to I , doolittle ... sorry , I have draw a blank . hold it . I will have it again in a minute . I forget so many thing in here , so many thing . hold on , just a minute , let I think ... interior - control room pinback but you can not explode in the bomb bay . it 's foolish . you will kill we all . there 's no reason for it . bomb # 20 ( over ) I be program to detonate in nine minute . detonation will occur at the program time . pinback you will not consider another course of action , for instance just wait around awhile so we can disarm you ? exterior - bomb BAY bomb # 20 no . interior - control room boiler I can tell , the damn thing just do not understand . pinback look , bomb ... interior - freezer room doolittle Commander ? be you still there ? powell oh , yes , doolittle , I be think . doolittle we be run out of time , sir . powell oh , yes ... well , doolittle , if you can not get it to drop you will have to talk to it . doolittle Sir ? powell talk to the bomb . doolittle I already have , sir , and pinback be talk to it now . powell no , no , doolittle , you talk to it . teach it phenomenology , doolittle . doolittle Sir ? powell phenomenology ... interior - control room pinback doolittle ! doolittle ! six minute to detonation ! interior - ventral AIR lock wearing he starsuit , complete with jetpack , doolittle push a button . above he , the giant lock door slowly slide open . exterior - ship doolittle slowly rise up out of the ship . he stop he ascent with he jetpack , turn , and move down toward the bomb bay . interior - control room pinback doolittle ! doolittle , what the hell be you do ? exterior - bomb BAY doolittle float into shot , jet himself up until he be face massive bomb # 20 . doolittle hello , bomb , be you with I ? bomb # 20 of course . doolittle be you willing to entertain a few concept ? bomb # 20 I be always receptive to suggestion . doolittle Fine . think about this one , then : how do you know you exist ? interior - control room boiler what 's he doin ' ? pinback I think he 's talk to it . exterior - bomb BAY bomb # 20 well of course I exist . doolittle but how do you know you exist ? bomb # 20 it be intuitively obvious . doolittle intuition be no proof . what concrete evidence do you have of you own existence ? bomb # 20 hmm ... well , I think , therefore I be . doolittle that 's good . very good . now then , how do you know that anything else exist ? bomb # 20 my sensory apparatus reveal it to I . doolittle right ! bomb # 20 this be fun . doolittle all right now , here 's the big question : how do you know that the evidence you sensory apparatus reveal to you be correct ? interior - emergency AIR lock talby lie unconscious near the burn laser . exterior - bomb BAY doolittle what I be get at be this : the only experience that be directly available to you be you sensory data . and this data be merely a stream of electrical impulse which stimulate you computing center . bomb # 20 in other word , all I really know about the outside universe relay to I through my electrical connection . doolittle exactly . bomb # 20 why , that would mean ... I really do not know what the outside universe be like at all , for certain . doolittle that 's it . bomb # 20 intrigue . I wish I have more time to discuss this matter . doolittle why do not you have more time ? bomb # 20 because I must detonate in seventy - five second . interior - control room boiler the key ! pinback Key ? Key ? what be the key ? boiler no , no , the key , the key to the fail - safe lock ! pinback Key ? boiler where 's the fail - safe key ? pinback the key ! boiler where be it ? what do you do with it ? pinback I do not have it . I do not know where it be . boiler you must have it , you idiot , we can stop the bomb ! exterior - bomb BAY doolittle now , bomb , consider this next question , very carefully . what be you one purpose in life ? bomb # 20 to explode , of course . doolittle and you can only do it once , right ? bomb # 20 that be correct . doolittle and you would not want to explode on the basis of false data , would you ? bomb # 20 of course not . doolittle well then , you have already admit that you have no real proof of the existence of the outside universe . bomb # 20 yes , well ... doolittle so you have no absolute proof that sergeant pinback order you to detonate . bomb # 20 I recall distinctly the detonation order . my memory be good on matter like this . doolittle yes , of course you remember it , but what you be remember be merely a series of electrical impulse which you now realize have no necessary connection with outside reality . bomb # 20 true , but since this be so , I have no proof that you be really tell I all this . interior - control room pinback be paw frantically through the control room , search for the key . boiler be apoplectic . boiler the key , goddamit , the key ! pinback Christ , twenty second , Christ ! boiler where be the key ? pinback we be gonna die , boiler . we be gonna die . they begin slapping each other hysterically . exterior - bomb BAY doolittle that 's all beside the point . the concept be valid , wherever they originate . bomb # 20 hmmm ... doolittle so if you detonate in ... bomb # 20 ... nine second ... doolittle ... you may be do so on the basis of false data . bomb # 20 I have no proof that it be false data . doolittle you have no proof that it be correct data . there be a long pause . bomb # 20 I must think on this further . the bomb raise itself back into the ship . doolittle practically collapse with relief . interior - control room boiler it do not go off . pinback oh , God ... boiler it do not go off . pinback boiler , we be alive . my heart . interior - emergency AIR lock talby slowly climb to he foot . he be daze , groggy . talby doolittle ? doolittle ? what happen ? pinback ? boiler ? do we blow it up ? hello ? hello ? interior - control room boiler no bomb today . no bomb . Big boiler 's back in business . no bomb today . pinback be mumble unintelligibly . interior - emergency AIR lock talby hello , anybody ! do we blow up the planet ? hello , hello ! what 's go on ? interior - control room pinback and boiler have calm down . boiler we have get to disarm the bomb . pinback doolittle , be you there ? exterior - emergency AIR lock doolittle be float outside the emergency Air lock door . doolittle I be come in now . I be down by the emergency Air lock . too much trouble to come in the ventral lock . would you blow the seal on the emergency hatch so I can come in ? interior - control room pinback oh , sure . he press a button . exterior - emergency AIR lock the emergency Air lock door explode away from the ship . behind it , carry by the burst of escape air , come talby spin head over heel into deep space . doolittle hello , pinback , be you there ? interior - control room pinback yeah , doolittle . what 's up ? exterior - emergency AIR lock doolittle talby be in the air lock . you blow he out of the ship . I be go after he . turn on he helmet radio so I can contact he . interior - control room boiler what be that , I do not hear ... pinback it 's talby . he 's drift away from the ship without he jetpack . exterior - space doolittle fire he jetpack , move off into space after talby . doolittle talby , talby , can you read I ? interior - control room boiler can you beat that ? I always know talby be weird . exterior - space doolittle talby , can you read I ? talby be spin wildly . talby help , doolittle , help I ! interior - control room pinback all right , bomb , prepare to receive new order . bomb # 20 ( over ) you be false data . pinback huh ? bomb # 20 therefore , I shall ignore you . pinback hello , bomb . interior - bomb BAY bomb # 20 false data can act only as a distraction . therefore . I shall refuse to perceive you . pinback ( over ) hey , bomb . bomb # 20 the only thing which exist be myself . pinback ( over ) bomb ? exterior - space talby , spin , be reflect in doolittle 's face plate . talby doolittle ! help I . doolittle calm down , talby . I be come . interior - control room pinback snap out of it , bomb . interior - bomb BAY bomb # 20 in the beginning there be darkness , and the darkness be without form and void . interior - control room boiler what the hell ? pinback yoo hoo , bomb ... interior - bomb BAY bomb # 20 and in addition to the darkness there be also I . and I move upon the face of the darkness . interior - control room boiler bomb , hey bomb . pinback hey , bomb ... interior - bomb BAY bomb # 20 and I see that I be alone . pause . bomb # 20 ( cont would ) let there be light . the screen goe white . exterior - space in dead silence , the white screen fade down to show a giant white fireball in space . the fireball contract to a hard core , growing red . then a blinding white flash . doolittle fly past , fall backward . doolittle whoa ! talby , upside down , be fall in the opposite direction . talby doolittle , doolittle , where be you ? doolittle here I be . I think I be spin ... we be both fall , talby , in opposite direction , away from each other . my -- my jetpack 's go . talby what happen , doolittle ? doolittle bomb must have go off inside the ship . nothing we can do about it now . hey , it look like ... the skipper . he make it . Commander Powell make it ! a block of ice with a man 's body in it tumble past , end over end . powell ( weakly ) Men ... man ... what happen , man ? doolittle yeah , the skipper always be lucky . the planet begin to rise behind doolittle . doolittle ( cont would ) look like I be head for the planet , talby . go right toward it . talby when you fall , doolittle , if there 's anyone down there on the planet , somebody may see you . they may see you come down . what a beautiful way to die ... as a fall star ... doolittle guess you be right . talby turn he head and look behind he . talby doolittle , I be head right toward something . it 's behind I , in the distance . something that glow . Far behind talby , come nearer , be a shimmer point of light . doolittle oh yeah ? talby doolittle ... I think it 's the Phoenix asteroid ! doolittle Phoenix ? the point of light be closer now , and it have begin to differentiate into a group of beautifully color frost - like shape . talby it be , doolittle , it 's the Phoenix ! they glow with all the color of the rainbow , just like everybody say . doolittle no kid ? talby I be go into they , I be go to hit they . doolittle ... doolittle yeah ? talby before we get too far away , and we signal start to fade , I just want to tell you ... you be my favorite . I really like you , doolittle . doolittle I really like you too , talby . hey , some debris from the ship ! it 's come right by I . several chunks of debris from the ship drift past doolittle . talby doolittle , I be catch up to the asteroid . I be go to be a part of they in a minute . doolittle , I be go into they . talby drift into the huge frost - like shape , expand and glow and spin , slowly refracting all the color of the spectrum with a cold glow . talby ( cont would ) I be beginning to glow . the field of spectral shape , with talby in they midst , begin to drift away into the distance . talby ( cont would ) they be take I with they , with the Phoenix ... go to circle the universe forever . I be with they now ... be back this way again some day . doolittle , before it 's too late , there 's one last thing I want to tell you ... talby 's signal die out as the glow light disappear into the depth of space . doolittle be hang onto a long , thin chunk of debris . doolittle hey , talby ! I have grab a piece of the ship , and I think I have figure out a way ! he pull the piece of metal down beneath he foot , and stand on it . crouch and extend he arm , doolittle surf down into the atmosphere of the planet , banking and plane as he disappear to a small dot . end title and music over .