darkest hour a screenplay by Anthony mccarten shoot script on black screen : run caption : may 9th 1940 : hitler have invaded czechoslovakia , poland , denmark , and norway . he be now poised to conquer the rest of europe . in britain , parliament have lost faith in its leader , neville chamberlain . the search for a replacement have already begun ... fade in .... int . house of common chamber - day ..- be in a uproar . the prime minister , neville chamberlain ( 71 ) , sit with the majority , ruling conservative party on one side of the house ... .-- whilst the leader of the minority , opposition labour party , CLEMENT attlee ( 57 ) sit with the opposition partie on the other side . they face each other like two warring army . shout . accusation . Wild gesture . Paper dart throw . mayhem . caption : may 9 , 1940 attlee rise to he foot , amid jeer and heckles , to denounce chamberlain , directly opposite he across the aisle - attlee Mr speaker ! Mr speaker ! speaker the honourable leader of the opposition , clement attlee ! attlee Mr speaker -- Mr speaker -- it seem I have not be clear enough . then let I leave no doubt regard my feeling about Mr Chamberlain 's future as Prime Minister . ( over boo and applause ) owe to he year of inactivity and incompetence - ( cheer and boo ) ( more ) attlee ( cont 'd ) - we find he personally responsible , personally responsible for leave we nation ruinously unprepare to face the present Nazi peril . we be at war , Mr speaker . at war . and leave aside whether he be fit to be a leader in peace - time he have prove himself incapable of lead we in war - time . cries of support to this - look down from the lord gallery be - viscount halifax ( 59 ) , appal by what he be see . he exchange a look with the bereft chamberlain . attlee ( cont 'd ) therefore , in the national interest , we the opposition , be willing to enter into a Grand Coalition - - with the '' ruling '' Conservative Party , so-called !... a opposition mp stand and start sing " rule Britannia " . other soon begin to join in . speaker order ! order ! attlee ..- but not , and I stress this , never , under the leadership of Mr Chamberlain ... ( angle on chamberlain ) -.- who have lose the confidence of this House ! a rebel conservative member rise and cross the floor to stand with the opposition mps , betray Chamberlain . attlee ( cont 'd ) ( directly to chamberlain ) in the country 's interest man , resign ! step down ! and let we find a new leader ! uproar , and many cry '' hear-hear ! '' and '' go ! '' speaker I say , order ! the camera pass along the conservative bench to find ANTHONY eden ( 43 ) , behind he sit kingsley wood ( 59 ) . kingsley wood ( into eden 's ear ) where 's Winston ? on the bench beside eden , as if to reserve a space , be a old Royal Naval yacht Club cap . eden ensure he fingerprint be not on the murder weapon . the sing of '' rule Britannia " continue over - int . dine room / sir JOHN simon 's country house - night neville chamberlain address the other conservative guest gather around a circular dining table . chamberlain accordingly --tomorrow -- I will resign as Prime Minister . great fear in the face of the nobles . CUT between they face , during the follow - chamberlain ( cont ’d ) ( suppress emotion ) as the opposition refuse to join a government head by I , we must select my successor . ( beat ) I will step down tomorrow but I want my own party , the gentleman I most respect , to know first . lord londonderry . halifax . there 's no question ! we foreign Secretary - sir JOHN simon no contest ! halifax halifax I appreciate you confidence but my time have yet to come . however , on whomever the task may fall , he shall be charge with the security of this island and of we Empire , and shall be require to explore all avenue . chamberlain include that of diplomatic talk . halifax indeed , towards the restoration of peace in Europe . all hear hear !!! chamberlain gentlemen , I be afraid there be only one candidate . only , one man that the opposition will accept ? all oh no . sir JOHN simon surely not ... int . chartwell / country house of winston & clementine churchill day caption : friday , may 10 , 1940 a plate of bacon & egg be set on a breakfast tray . then ... a glass of white wine be pour by winston 's valet , sawyer , and set beside the plate . a glass of scotch and soda be also prepare and set beside this on the tray . for Breakfast ? sawyer carry the tray through servant quarter towards the entrance hall of the house , where -— - the tray pass by - winston 's private secretary , JOHN evan ( 35 ) , as he school the new young secretary , elizabeth layton . Evans , a immaculately - groom rake , snobbishly think himself infinitely superior to the Elizabeth layton of the world . JOHN evan ( to elizabeth ) -..and if he stretch out he hand and say , '' gimme '' , you need to anticipate what he want - black pen , red pen , paper , or '' clop '' , that 's he hole punch . evan and layton walk past - - sawyer -with-tray , as he wait for the cook to iron a newspaper ( DAILY express ) and as the scullery maids , over she shoulder , anxiously read the headline : '' chamberlain to resign '' sawyer do not smudge the ink . maid how selfish to resign , time like this . cook D ’you think they 's 11l take I to down Street ? sawyer not after the spot Dick you serve last week . the cook then set the paper on the tray , whereupon sawyer carry the tray up the stair . CUT to : evan and layton approach a bedroom doorway . JOHN evan ...- he mumble , so it 's almost impossible to catch everything . and be prepare to type fast - short burst - and double -space , he hate single - space -- hate it ! good luck . evan knock on the door , open it and then push the now - quaking elizabeth layton inside , close the door again . int . bedroom / chartwell - day her Pov of the dimly - light room . and then , a match be strike , a cigar light . we can just make out a man in bed , as -— sawyer tug open the curtain , revealing - - winston churchill ( 65 ) , in bed , with the breakfast tray on he lap , in a pink silk dress - gown ( naked beneath ) . his dispatch box , pile high with telegram , stand open by he bed . his marmalade cat , tango , sit at the end of the bed , as winston read a dispatch and dictate ... winston to the french ambassador . come on -— winston look up at elizabeth , to see if she be write this down . she 's not - winston ( cont ’d ) - telegram ! elizabeth realise , to she horror , that the dictation have already begin , and she hurry to the type - writer , which have already be load with a sheet ... she begin to type fast , in short burst - winston ( cont ’d ) ( dictating ) with german force crossing into Holland ... Holland alone ... request reassurance ... that french force will now move -- move at once -- to protect Belgium . stop. read ! elizabeth ( nervously ) '' to - - to the french ambassador . with german force crossing into Holland ... Holland alone ... request reassurance that - winston - immediate reassurance - elizabeth adjust the typewriter 's carriage and paten and type the word '' immediate '' above the previous text ... elizabeth '' — immediate - reassurance - '' winston '' — that - " go on - '' - that '' sawyer enter , as elizabeth struggle to re- set the carriage . elizabeth '' — that - '' the bedroom telephone ring -— - sawyer french ambassador sir - winston monsieur ambassador ! ( pause ) ah. they have already invade Belgium . ( pause ) I will convey you plea to the Prime Minister at once . yes , the situation be still very confuse . Goodbye . winston hang up . a concerned pause , and then - winston ( cont ’d ) Holland and Belgium . elizabeth type this - tap , tap , tap , tap - winston ( cont ’d ) no , no , no . elizabeth ( confuse ) Sir ? winston scrap that . New telegram . 7. in a fluster , she pull out the old page from the typewriter carriage and quickly insert a new page , as - winston ( cont ’d ) to General ismay ... winston grab he whiskey and soda , as - the phone ring again . sawyer re-appear . winston ( cont 'd ) dammit sawyer ! what be it now ?! sawyer you son . winston , he concentration break , go to the phone . winston ( into phone ) randolph , quickly - ( listen ) last night they say I may be make Prime Minister today . but that be yesterday . let 's see what neville do today . thank -- thank you my boy . keep bugger on ! put down the phone . turn to look at elizabeth . winston ( cont ’d ) now ... sip he scotch . this calm he . elizabeth layton General ismay ... move to the end of the bed - winston ah , General ismay . ( to sawyer ) sawyer - get rid of this will you ? Winston gesture to sawyer to move he tray away and then swing he leg - indecorously ! - out of bed . elizabeth quickly turn she face away ! winston then begin to pace - winston ( cont ’d ) in the light of today 's event , the time be ripe for many preparation to be make ... ( beat ) be you strike that typewriter key in a normal fashion ? it 's awfully loud , I can not think ! ( beat ) read it back . elizabeth ahh -- to General ismay . in the light of today 's event , the time be right for many prep - winston ripe ! not right ! God 's tooth girl ! I say ripe , ripe , ripe - p -p -p ! the last sentence ... elizabeth layton ( shake ) the -- the time be ripe ... winston for! for ! elizabeth layton ( she nerve break ) ..- many ... many ...many ... winston how many '' many 's do you write ?! one many ! ( sigh ) '' for... for many preparation - — - to be make ... '' he walk up to she and look over she chair , and be horrify to see - winston ( cont ’d ) single -space ? what be you do ?! what be you do ?! elizabeth someone set it on single - space and before I realise - winston then why do you persist ?! elizabeth I - as she start to rush out - winston tell Evans to send I someone who can do it right the first time ! right ! t-t-t-t! int . hallway / chartwell - day elizabeth come down the stair , and stop , she face tear - stain . clementine churchill - winston 's wife , 55 year old - beautiful , elegant , highly - strung , be at that moment crossing the hall , with a handful of brown envelope . she see elizabeth . clemmie ah . he shout at you . do he shout at you ? elizabeth yes , but I .... clemmie he can be a awful brute . elizabeth no ! I make too many mistake . clemmie I think you be nervous . and he have a knack for draw out the very worst in that try to help he the most . elizabeth oh it 's not he . it 's I . he 's - he 's - clemmie he 's just a man , like any other . wait here . clemmie climb the stair . int . bedroom / chartwell - day clemmie enter - winston ( on he knee ) be look for tango the cat under he bed . clemmie my darling ? winston the War cabinet have be call . the bloody cat be under the bed again . clemmie indicate that sawyer should go and move around winston tucking he shirt in . clemmie can I tell you something that I feel you ought to know ? he look at she - 10 . clemmie ( cont 'd ) I have notice a recent deterioration in you manner . you be not so kind as you use to be . you have become rough , sarcastic , over - bear and rude . winston be this about the new girl ? clemmie if the King ask you to become Prime Minister - winston we do not know that - clemmie I do not want you to be dislike . winston more than I already be ? clemmie darling , you may be on the brink , the brink - - of have tremendous power , surpass only by the King . with such power you really must try to be more kind and , if possible , calm . I want other to love and respect you as I do . clemmie fall back in the bed , shortly join by Winston - they share a moment of fondness . ext . chartwell - day wide shot of chartwell bath in sunshine . elizabeth layton , with hat and coat now on , be attempt to make a discreet escape from the house but be stop by a motorcycle courier with a telegram to deliver . we do not hear what be say . close - up on the telegram turn in elizabeth 's hand as the courier ride away . elizabeth look back to the house , make she decision and re-enter the lair . int . stair / chartwell - day elizabeth climb the stair hold a telegram , brace to once more enter the lion 's de . she enter - int . bedroom / chartwell - day - and find winston , clemmie , JOHN evan , sawyer and a maid - all listen with rapt attention to a radio broadcast . BBC radio announcer '' this be BBC Home service . here be a short news bulletin . the german army invade Holland and Belgium early this morning , by land , and land parachute -- elizabeth there 's a telegram . JOHN evan sssshhh ! BBC radio announcer ... " the army of the low country be resisting . a appeal for help have be make to the ally government and Brussels say the ally troops be move to they support ... '' elizabeth it 's from the Palace . all eye turn to look at she , as if a elephant have enter the room . a silent beat in which no - one breathes . winston thank you , miss ...? elizabeth layton . int . study / hallway , chartwell - day clemmie hand winston he watch , glass , cigar case , match and a sugar cube . clemmie you be shaking . winston so be you ! it 's true clemmie be just as nervous - clemmie you from excitement -- I from terror . you have be want this you entire adult life . winston no --since the nursery . clemmie laugh . 12 . winston ( cont ’d ) but do the public want I ? clemmie it 's you own Party to whom you 'il have to prove yourself . winston I be get the job only because the ship be sink . it 's not a gift , it 's revenge . clemmie let they see you true quality . you courage ... winston --- my poor judgement . clemmie .-.- you lack of vanity . winston ...- my iron will . clemmie ( in playful rebuke ) ... you sense of humour . winston Ho Ho Ho ! clemmie now go . winston go ? clemmie be . winston be ? she touch he face tenderly - clemmie yourself . winston which self ? clemmie walk away . winston turn to a wall on which be hang many hat - ( Royal Naval yacht Club cap , Admiral 's hat with plume , aviator helmet with goggle , riding hat , pith helmet , french wwl helmet , fez , homburg , top hat , etc ) all on display like hunting trophies . 13 . winston ( cont ’d ) ( to himself ) which self should I be today ? winston survey the collection , then pluck the top hat from its hook - winston ( cont ’d ) one should have have power when a young man . when wit be sharp , sinew strong . oh well . he return to she - winston ( cont ’d ) lead on macduff -- when youth depart -- may wisdom prove enough . they kiss , and she give he a silver BOX of match , emboss with loving message from he child . ext / int . prince STREET / winston 's car - day winston , in the back seat , ( with JOHN evan in front ) look out the window at the human traffic - seem like he 's ina gold - fish bowl , disconnect . he watch as - men in bowler hat and young women in summer dress walk to work . JOHN evan hardly seem like there 's a war on at all . three delivery boy ride by on bicycle , notice he and wave excitedly . winston how odd it be . JOHN evan Sir ? they stop , wait behind a bus . winston you know -- I have never ride a bus . never queue for bread . I believe I can boil a egg but only because I see it do once . ext . buckingham palace - day winston 's car approach the Palace gate , which be open . the car drive up to the palace . winston get out and he and evan enter the palace -— 14 . int . palace entrance - day a grand hall . Winston remove he hat and coat , hand he cane and glove , then hat to a liveried doorman whilst a liveried staff member wait nearby . winston the only time I try to ride the Underground be during the General Strike . clemmie drop I at South kensington station . I go down -- but I get lose and come straight back up . awful ! ( gird himself ) well , '' here we go '' ... evan good luck sir . winston stride away , follow the equerry . int . state chamber / buckingham palace - day king GEORGE VI ( agitate , troubled ) speak with the ill , weak , outgo prime -minister neville chamberlain . chamberlain watch the king . GEORGE VI why not halifax ? I favour halifax . chamberlain I want halifax . the lord want halifax . halifax want halifax . GEORGE VI then -- then why have I be force to send for churchill ? chamberlain because he 's the only member of we party who have the support of the opposition . GEORGE VI his record be a litany of catastrophe . gallipoli , 25,000 dead . the India policy . Russian Civil War . the gold Standard . the the the abdication . and now this Norway ' adventure 's . what , eighteen hundred man ? 15 . chamberlain one aircraft carrier , two cruiser , seven destroyer and a submarine . GEORGE VI Winston lack judgement . chamberlain he be right about Hitler . GEORGE VI even a stop clock be right twice a day . equerry enter . equerry first Lord of the admiralty , Mr Winston churchill ! GEORGE VI early . chamberlain keen . GEORGE VI I accept you resignation -- but I want you to know -- how - - cruelly I think you have be treat . chamberlain thank you you majesty . he and GEORGE shake hand . equerry this way , my Lord . the king wait - sigh deeply , until ... we hear footstep approach . winston enter . winston you majesty . GEORGE VI Mr churchill . GEORGE VI ( cont 'd ) I believe you know why I -- I I have ask you here today . winston Sir , I simply can not imagine why . 16 . GEORGE VI it be my duty to - to - to invite you to take up - the position of of Prime Minister of this United Kingdom . will you form a government ? winston I will . GEORGE VI very well . winston bow , and when the king offer he hand , winston kiss it . winston rise . GEORGE VI ( cont 'd ) that be -- quite easy . winston yes . they stare at each other in uneasy silence . winston ( cont ’d ) I believe we be to meet regularly . GEORGE VI once a week , I be afraid . how be you on --on - - on monday ? winston I shall endeavour to be available on monday . GEORGE VI four o'clock ? winston ( resolutely ) I nap at 4 . GEORGE VI be that -- permissible ? winston no . but necessary . I work late . GEORGE VI then perhaps lunch ? winston lunch ! monday . ( winston bow ) you majesty . GEORGE VI Prime Minister . 17 . when winston back out of the room , the king anxiously light a cigarette , and brood . ext . 10 downing STREET - day winston pull up in he private car , alight , ( follow by evan ) wave at the PRESS , a effortless self - publicist , at total ease in the spotlight . ever the showman - tap the number 10 on the famous front door with he walk stick for the amusement of the photographer -— photographer Prime Minister ? first order of business , sir ? winston a glass of pol Roger ! he enter the building , and - int . hallway / 10 downing STREET - day - be greet by eden . eden Prime Minister ! winston Anthony . eden how be the k -k-king ? winston anxious . never forgiven I for support he brother 's marriage to wallis Simpson . winston and eden step into he office , with winston close the door on evan in the hallway . int . office / 10 downing STREET - continuous eden you only have to meet he once a week . winston that 's like say you only have to have you tooth pull once a week . eden take out a pen , open a notebook - 18. eden composition of you War cabinet . who should sit on it ? winston Chamberlain . and the reverend '' Holy Fox " —- eden ( write ) halifax . keeping you enemy close ? winston more than that , without they the party will get rid of I . ( beat ) and that sheep in sheep 's clothing , attlee . mary , churchill 's 18 year old daughter , appear in the doorway . mary churchill come on daddy -- everyone 's wait . winston be there in a jiffy , my love . mary exit . eden I hear that before you be ask , they offer it to Lord halifax . winston ( shake head ) I doubt that . halifax would never turn it down . he 's the fourth son of a Earl . fourth son turn nothing down . eden I only wish the position have come you way in better time , sir . you have a enormous task ahead of you . winston I hope it 's not too late . I be very much afraid it be . but we can only do we best . int . live room / 10 downing STREET - day clemmie and the churchill child wear gas -mask as they shout - 19 . churchill child hurray ! randolph churchill hip hip - churchill child hurray ! winston enter - and stop , aghast , and stare at he family winston good lord , what a frightful sight ! clemmie , sarah churchill ( 26 ) , diana churchill ( 31 ) , randolph churchill ( 29 ) and he wife pamela ( pregnant ) , and mary churchill ( 18 ) all pull off they gas mask , grab they glass of champagne , then converge on he and kiss he . he stare at they , a smile forming at last , deeply touch , actually . he be present with a glass of champagne . churchill thank you . thank you . pamela raise she glass - pamela a toast ! come on ! diana yes ! Mary make she way to sit on a cushion on the floor next to Winston . she look proudly at winston - clemmie my darling husband -- something you all might not know be that on the eve of we marriage I get '' cold foot '' -- but as I have already call off two engagement by the age of 21 I be in danger of gain a reputation for be a ' bolter 's -- and it would have be poor form to call off a third ! laughter . winston smile . randolph hear hear . diana lucky for daddy . 20 . clemmie but the real reason for my wintry foot be because I know , even then , that he priority would be public life . it worried a young girl greatly -- this wretch think of come second , eternally . but so it have prove to be . and in due course ( Mary take winston hand ) we child would also have to make they own peace with this same fact . ( directly to Winston ) we all do , you see , in we own way . and now , today , we all receive we reward -- proof that we small sacrifice be for a far , far great good . I give you , you father , my beloved husband - the Prime Minister . all Prime Minister ! they raise they glass in a toast -— churchill here 's to --( think ) not bugger it up . family not bugger it up ! ext . big BEN / london - day big BEN start the westminster chime - caption : monday , may 13 , 1940 int . westminster hall / parliament - day winston approach eden in the ancient hall and together they climb the step beneath the great gothic window . winston Belgium be a ploy . they just punch through the ardenne into France and cross the meuse in under 24 hour ! eden no-one can cross the meuse River in 24 hour . winston apparently the Germans can . 21 . int . clock tower - day big BEN strike the hour - 3 pm . int . common / parliament - day to the sound of the distant bell , winston enter , with eden , and small knuckle - knock on woodwork , mainly from the labour bench . winston look around , not actually surprised at the contemptuous reception . winston ( to eden ) contempt . well , you have to start somewhere . in the lord gallery , above , halifax enter and look down at proceedings , and on - winston , look at he fob - watch . the hubbub die down and winston put on he glass . sir SAMUEL hoare ( whisper , to simon ) here we go . winston reach into he waistcoat for he typed speech , then deliver he maiden speech as prime minister ... winston Mr speaker . on Friday evening last -- I receive his majesty 's commission to form a new administration ... angle on : conservative mp 's , all look worried . winston ( cont ’d ) -.. it be the evident wish and will of parliament , and the Nation , that this should be conceive on the broadest possible basis , and that it should include all party . int . bedroom / 10 downing STREET - day close on : typed page ( with text ) be rapidly tug from a typewriter carriage ( to a loud explosive ratchet - whirr ) !!! CUT to : winston ( 0.s. ) a War cabinet have be conven ... 22 . close on : type -writer key type ... '' a War cabinet have be conven '' — wide : elizabeth type , as winston dictate - winston ( cont ’d ) correction - '' have be form '' - elizabeth adjust the paten , then type - '' form '' above '' conven '' — int . common / parliament - day winston - have be form -- of five member - int . bedroom / 10 downing STREET - day winston ... represent , with the opposition party , the unity of the Nation . CUT to : close on : a freshly typed page ( rough draft ) be set down on the desk by elizabeth 's hand . the stationary bear the Prime Minister 's monogram , and we see type text plus several phrase strike out ( between parentheses ) . the camera move in on the paragraph that read ... '' the three party leader have agree to serve , either in the War cabinet , or in ( position of authority * ) high executive office . '' ( * denote strike through phrase ) elizabeth ( 0.s. ) the three party leader have agree to serve , either in the War cabinet - int . common / parliament - day elizabeth ( 0.s. ) winston - or in high executive - or in high executive office . office . winston ( cont ’d ) the three fight service have be fill . int . hallway / 10 downing STREET - day outside the bathroom door - elizabeth layton wait , with a pad and paper , take down he dictation ... 23. winston sawyer be she there ? elizabeth yes she be .. I mean , I be winston ( 0.s. ) do not come in ! sound of he take a bath , the sponge be squeeze over he head ... she start to move away , but be arrest by - winston ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) do not go away ! elizabeth layton no , no -- I be still here . winston ( 0.s. ) '' with this agreement , I now invite the House - ( water sound ) - by the resolution which stand in my name , to record its approval , and to declare its confidence in the new government . '' sound of winston get out of the bath . winston ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) miss ? I be come out in a state of nature ! elizabeth layton flee , as the door open and as winston ( naked ) look up and down the hallway to see where he typist have go . int . common / parliament - day winston I now invite the House by a resolution to declare its confidence in the new government . angle on the conservative party - unimpress . kingsley - wood advise a junior conservative , ernle hasting . kingsley wood look to Chamberlain 's handkerchief . if he wave it at the end of churchill 's speech , we show approval , if not , keep quiet . ernle hasting look over at chamberlain . 24 . chamberlain , still on the front bench but not in the pm 's chair , draw a white handkerchief out of he breast pocket and fold it in he lap . ernle hasting nod - understanding . winston it must be remember that we be in the preliminary stage of one of the great battle in history ... int . office / 10 downing STREET - night close on : a heavily marked - up page of typed speech ( rough draft ) much work - over , annotate , alter - with winston 's hand just then add the latest change in the margin ... we see he hand write ( in he tiny cursive scrawl ) - and that many ( arrangement * ) preparation have to be make here at home . winston ( 0.s. ) ... and that many preparation have to be make here at home . wide : winston , alone in he office , hunkere at night , go through the speech , meticulous , obsessive , a perfectionist . winston ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Sir , I take up my task with buoyancy and hope - int . office / 10 downing STREET - day close on : the typewriter hammer type the clean ( final ) draft of the speech , on smaller sheet of paper , the text now set out like blank verse in a poem , or in the bible , each phrase space apart from the next - and say to the House , as I say to that who have join the government - winston ( 0.s. ) - and say to the House , as I say to that who have join the government — int / ext . winstons car , parliament - day winstons car be stationary in the internal courtyard at parliament . winston , in the back seat ( with elizabeth layton in the front , she type -writer on she knee , type away ) dictate . 25 . winston - I have nothing to offer but blood , toil -- tear - - and sweat . extreme close on : she key type : '' sweat ! '' close on : the page be tug from the typewriter . winston alight the car , and elizabeth pass the page of the speech , which he grab , then hurry away . int . common / parliament - day angle on : ernle hasting , unable to take he eye off chamberlain , wait for the handkerchief to be wave . angle on winston : readying himself for the final assault ! winston we have before we a ordeal of the most grievous kind . we have before we many , many long month of struggle and of suffer . you ask , what be we policy ? I say it be to wage war by sea , land and air , with all we might and with all the strength God can give we -- to wage war against a monstrous tyranny never surpass in the dark and lamentable catalogue of human crime . angle on : halifax , in the gallery - he shoot a look to chamberlain . winston ( cont ’d ) that be we policy . you ask , what be we aim ? I can answer in one word . Victory - victory at all cost , victory in spite of terror , victory however long and hard the road may be . for without victory , there be no survival . winston feel he must have win they over , but he confident smile fade as he realise he stand alone . small knuckle-knocking begin - but it be mute . simon and hoare and the other conservative plotter all look to chamberlain , as he — - put he white handkerchief back in he breast pocket !!! the torie sit back - none applaud . 26 . ext - rose garden / downing STREET - day chamberlain , attempt to catch he breath , sit on a bench look across the rise in bloom so ripe they be almost rotten . halifax see , then approach chamberlain . halifax '' we policy be to wage war -- at all cost -- no survival '' . Winston be incapable of pronounce the word peace , let alone engage in peace talk . he sit next to chamberlain . chamberlain awful , the think that I shall never see my country at peace again . halifax neville ? chamberlain turn and face halifax - ashen face . chamberlain I have cancer . halifax oh neville . chamberlain Winston must be remove from office . halifax how ? chamberlain a vote of '' no confidence '' . halifax if we can get he to declare that he refuse to consider a negotiate peace with Germany then perhaps you and I will have grounds to resign . the party wont stand for that , you be still the chairman for heaven sake , that will force a vote of '' no confidence '' in he leadership and he ’1ll be finish . chamberlain and would you agree to be Prime Minister ? 27 . halifax with Winston out of the way ... who can say , but the important thing , neville , be that you policy , of peace and the protection of this nation , would be back on the table . chamberlain on record . halifax pardon ? chamberlain he must declare on record he refusal to engage in peace talk , we must have it in write . halifax 's eye glisten with renew purpose . ext . hm treasury - london - day elizabeth layton make she way to work , but today it 's a new location - the grand treasury build in whitehall , crossing , through traffic , horse Guards Road and enter through the pillare main door ... int . treasury - continuous ecu - Elizabeth 's hand sign the official secret Act which be duly stamp . a elderly civil servant hand she a security pass . JOHN evan meet elizabeth in the lobby and lead she down to a inconspicuous door where a soldier check she security pass . int . war room / underground bunker - day evan lead elizabeth down a narrow staircase that lead to the secret war - room , the underground nerve centre of british high command . but the place be very humble , low ceiling and narrow hallway , the room small . no hint of luxury here . austerity Britain . JOHN evan follow I . elizabeth what go on down here ? 28 . JOHN evan that 's a need to know . and you do not . JOHN evan keep walk at a brisk pace through the telephonist room . elizabeth , clocking she surroundings , notice a door with a dial lock that read '' vacant '' . elizabeth the lavatory ? evan for the pm 's use only . evan lead she down the corridor , through a narrow room of bunk bed ... John Evans gesture towards they . evan ( cont 'd ) sleep quarter , for when you miss the last train . they pass the map room - JOHN evan that 's the map room . no woman allow . elizabeth layton what department be this ? JOHN evan indiscretion in conversation , or any other form , within or without this room regard what happen here be a statutory offense and punishable by up to two year imprisonment with hard labour . clear ? elizabeth Crystal . JOHN evan good . Elizabeth follow Evans as they stop at the War cabinet room . JOHN evan ( cont ’d ) that 's the War cabinet room - - never ! do not mean to be rough on you but they 's the rule . they arrive at the typist pool room , full of nine bust typist . 29 . JOHN evan ( cont ’d ) this be the typist room , you be allow in here . typist ( in unison ) good Morning sir. and then indicate another room - the door be ajar , its no bigger than a shoe -box ! JOHN evan and here 's you . elizabeth enter the tiny , windowless room not much bigger than a cupboard , contain only a desk and a chair . CUT to : she arrange she effect - a black pen , a red pen and a hole punch on she desk , and then set carefully a photograph of a handsome soldier . int . map room / war room - night the chief of staff brief winston : ironside for the army , dowding ( a New Zealander ) for the AIR force , and a naval admiral ( dudley pound ) . chamberlain and halifax be also present - as other officer all crowd in and look up at - three large operation map of europe hang on three different wall , each full of pin and string to show position - one for the army , one for the navy , one for the AIR - war . down the centre of the room run a long table bear multiple telephone of different color which be always ringing ... and be answer by officer of the three service . the briefing begin in front of - the army map - show ( with pin and color string ) how far westward the german line have advanced . general ironside Belgium and Holland may fall any hour . winston the french ? 30 . general ironside the entire french ninth army -- some two hundred thousand men-- have capitulate . halifax all of they ?! general ironside capitulate . surrender . desert . it be a rout . all we land force , roughly 300000 man , be now in full retreat . winston ( to dowding ) air-cover ? for we troops ? AIR marshall dowding the luftwaffe control the sky . we simply do not have enough plane to challenge they . in fact , I strongly recommend we stop send we precious fighter - plane to be waste in France -- save they for we own defence . winston move to the naval map , show warship deployment ... winston and we navy -- sit idle , neutralize , useless . naval admiral pound we fleet no sooner come within they range than we come under blister air attack . winston they speed be devastating . winston return to the army map - general ironside panzer tank . plung rapidly westward , through the centre . winston but they will have to pause for fuel supplies . ironside look at general ismay . general ironside ismay ? 31 . ismay this be not the last war , Sir . they tank can stop for fuel at a petrol station . winston petrol station ? general ironside the road to Paris now lie open . 7 million refugee be on the move . collectively we be look at the collapse of western Europe in a few day . ismay should the public be tell ? winston not yet . first , we must rouse we old friend to a heroic resistance . France must be save . camera move in on the map ... over this , we start to dissolve in - - footage of a flamingo passenger plane in flight - - as the map itself dissolves into - - a real rural landscape , as see from above ... ext . aerial / skie over FRANCE - day winston 's flamingo passenger plane fly over french field . the plane be soon join by two spitfire fighter escort , one on each wing . int . flamingo / civilian passenger plane - day we see pilot in the cockpit look down , a drink be pour and be take to Winston as he look down - his face go grey as he see - for the first time - civilian refugees , long meander column of desperate humanity . on board with winston - ismay , dowding and ironside . the SHOCK of this play on he face . winston 's Pov of : the vast tragedy . amongst straggling vagabond and column of refugee . Signs of the german conquest - abandon tank and artillery stand in flame . 32 . close on : a young refugee boy ( he Pov ) look up at winston 's plane . he hold he leave hand up to he leave eye to look at the plane . up with caption : thursday may 16 winston this can not go on . must not . int / ext . french aircraft hanger - day a large delegation of civilian and military await winston , as winston alight the plane and approach down a long red carpet . prime minister reynaud step forward and shake winston 's hand . winston ( to reynaud ) brace yourselves , I be about to add to you terrible suffer -- by speak french . they sit at a long table in the hangar . winston ( cont ’d ) ( in bad french ) Bien que notre situation soit tré grave ce n'est pas la premiére fois que nous faison face 4 une crise , ensemble . subtitles : although we plight be grave , this be not the first time we have be in a crisis together . reynaud perhaps in English , Prime Minister . winston ( after a moment 's offence ) we have -- we have survive crise before , and I be confident we will survive this one . tell I how you plan to counter - attack . reynaud there be no plan . silence - then ... winston ( in french ) you must counter - attack . Premier , you must ! ( more ) 33 . winston ( cont 'd ) ( in english ) you must counter - attack ! vous devez contrattaquer ! Il le faut ! gentlemen -- I do not believe this panzer breakthrough be a real invasion . reynaud not a real invasion ? stupefy look from the french and ismay alike . daladier ( in french ) tell this to the family of the dead perhaps . reynaud we sincerely appreciate you effort and optimism , but -- we have lose . winston seem unable / unwilling to process this - winston as long as -- as they tank be not support by infantry unit they be merely little flag , stick on the map , because the tank crew be unable to support themselves . no , I refuse to see in this spectacular raid of the german tank a real invasion . silence to this . be winston lose he mind ? ext . french -airfield - day winston 's flamingo take off . int . french staff -car / french airfield - day reynaud and daladier , side by side in the car , watch winston 's flamingo climb into the sky - reynaud ( in french , with subtitles ) Il devine ! delusional ! ( he 's delusional ) daladier c’est anglais ( he 's English . ) 34 . int . parliamentary library - day sir JOHN simon and lord londonderry walk and talk along the libary gallery - sir JOHN simon he 's a actor . in love with the sound of he own voice . londonderry oh I love to listen to he -- but we must never take he advice . have a hundred idea a day . four be good , the other 96 downright dangerous . sir JOHN simon his father be a great orator but ... londonderry until he lose he mind to syphilis - sir JOHN simon how nation suffer for the sin of they father . across the aisle , stanhope be also talk about churchill with sir SAMUEL hoare - stanhope my opinion ? at this critical juncture for the empire , we have a drunkard at the wheel . sir SAMUEL hoare wake with a scotch , bottle of champagne at lunch , another at dinner , brandy and port till the wee hour ... I would not let he borrow my bicycle ! int . treasury toilet - day kingsley wood be talk to a colleague - kingsley wood he 's a Conservative , who defect to the liberal -- lob grenade at we for 10 year -- then flop Conservative again , as it bloody suit he ! sorry , but -- he stand for one thing : himself ! 35 . int . chapel - day halifax be sit with king GEORGE VI . halifax we might have to replace he , bertie . king GEORGE VI replace he ?! halifax we must strive for peace -- for every son and daughter of this land so that we may emerge from this crisis with something recognisable as ' home . ' king GEORGE VI speak like a true Prime Minister . int . kitchen / 10 downing STREET - day yellow powdered egg be be mix with water , then fry then slopped onto a plate as scrambled egg . on a breakfast tray ( once more ) be set - ( in rapid cut ) bacon and powdered egg , scotch and soda , a glass of wine ... caption : sunday , may 19 , 1940 int . dressing room / bedroom / 10 downing STREET - day JOHN evan stand outside the loo ( whose door be close ) , with a note- pad and pen , ready to record winston 's instruction . JOHN evan Sir , you need to reply to the Lord privy seal . int . loo / 10 downing STREET - day winston sit on the toilet , read a french newspaper whose front page show a picture of french soldier with he arm around he french sweetheart , hold up he finger in a V - for -victory gesture ( palm -outward ) . the headline be '' V pour LA victoire '' . Winston be sit on the toilet . winston the privy seal ? JOHN evan yes sir ? 36 . winston ( read ) '' V for Victory '' winston close the newspaper , stand -— winston ( cont ’d ) tell the Lord privy seal - int . dressing room / bedroom / 10 downing STREET - day winston ( 0.s. ) - tell he I be seal in the privy - we hear a flush and then winston appear , wear he pink silk dress - gown . winston ( cont 'd ) - and I can only deal with one shit at a time ! he go into the bedroom , follow by evan , where we find - elizabeth layton , type at the nearby desk , and -— ANTHONY eden , seat in a chair beside the bed , read winston 's typed speech ... winston ( cont ’d ) do not spare I , Anthony - - be frank . eden mmmmm . as eden read , winston stare at he , await he reaction . winston ( to eden ) I think it 's rather good . the end especially . when eden say nothing the wait become agonizing . eden finish read the speech , turn over the last page to see if there be more on the back . there be not . winston wait for the verdict . eden take off he glass slowly and look up at a hopeful winston - eden I do not think so . winston you do not think so , what ? 37 . eden you be suggest we be -- somehow - - win . ( beat ) we be not . winston no but ... it will inspire they . winston ( cont 'd ) eden you do not understand - Winston , I know - winston ( stubbornly ) - no , no , no . I be go to imbue they , Anthony , with a spirit of feel they do not yet know they have ! silence . stalemate . eden look gravely concerned . eden you ask my opinion . I caution against it . winston stare at he trust ally , he hope fade , until - he snap he finger , point at eden - winston cicero ! he 's on the move again - head out of the bedroom , with evan and layton , and finally eden , force to follow ... int . hallway / 10 downing STREET - day winston '' live as " , '' live as brave man " — da , da , da - '' and if fortune be adverse , something , something , something he then enter the - int . library / 10 downing STREET - day winston ( shouting ) clemmie !!! cat !!! clemmie !!! as he look for he book in the library he find clemmie ... stressed , struggle to cope , busily write cheque . 38 . winston ( cont ’d ) cat -- my copy of cicero . do you shelve it ? clemmie do you hear what I say ?! winston what 's that ? clemmie we be break . winston everybody out ! get out ! he shooe JOHN evan , elizabeth and eden from the room as if they be cat . clemmie I dare not write another cheque . winston I ’‘1l economise - only four cigar a day ! clemmie you be insufferable ! ( beat ) be there something else ? anything ? winston yes , my love for you . clemmie how much have you have to drink this morning ? he go to she , draw up a chair , close - winston I see you now as I first see you in nineteen hundred and four across a crowded dance - floor . I simply stand - - speechless . clemmie I must have be very beautiful to have achieve that miraculous effect . winston four year till we see each other again . clemmie they go by in a absolute flash . 39 . winston you do not lack for admirer . you fidéle serviteur in sidney peel . clemmie brilliant man . winston lionel earle . clemmie wonderful dancer . winston and then -- at Lady St hellier 's dinner party -- who should show up ? clemmie pig. ( little snort ) winston the same . they look at each other , they face very close . clemmie be we terribly old ? winston yes . I be afraid you be . she laugh and push he away . Winston take she hand . winston ( cont ’d ) will you hear I read my speech for tonight 's broadcast ? ext . 10 downing STREET / treasury - day winston emerge and be accost by ... the PRESS . terence birkemp Prime Minister - the situation in France - be it true we be in full retreat ? be France lose ? he fire the reporter a steely look of rebuke and then spin , face they cameras , take he cigar out of he mouth with index and second finger and make , for the cameras , he first - ever v-for -victory sign ( but palm - inward , the rude version ) . winston cross the road , practise a tongue-twister as he enter the treasury . 40 . int . winston 's office / war room - night winston sit on he bed , be agitate , uneasy , unsure now about the speech he be to deliver on radio . elizabeth layton sit at a desk in the corner hold file and paperwork . two microphone sit on a table . a actor also stand by . the producer guide Winston to he desk . BBC producer so -- if you will sit here - at you desk winston mmmmm . winston sit , study with concern the speech lie on the table in front of he , and take out he pen . BBC producer - and speak slowly and clearly . into the microphone . winston start to jot last - minute change to the speech . increasingly pressurised , he cross out the change he just make , and try to write alternative . he 's clearly ina state . BBC producer ( cont ’d ) so -- if you be ready -- on the stroke of 9 the light will go red , and we shall go live to the nation . nine o clock . Red light . you begin . yes ? but winston be not ready . he 's too busy try to rewrite he speech the sweep second hand on the wall clock approach 12 . the producer , and elizabeth , become very concerned now as the last second vanish - BBC producer ( cont ’d ) Prime Minister ? be we ready ? winston ( to himself ) one moment , one moment — BBC producer we be go live . Prime -— winston ( explode ) i_said one moment , damn you ! 41 . this eruption stun the producer and elizabeth . winston 's hand , hold the pen , shake now with indecision as he fail to think of the right word in time - BBC producer four-- three --two--one ... on the stroke of 9 pm , the light go red , bathing he in red light . they be live . silence . total silence . the producer be now in a panic . winston seem freeze for a second , until - winston take a breath and begin ... winston '' I speak to you for the first time as Prime Minister in a solemn hour for the life of we country , of we Empire , of we ally , and , above all , of the cause of freedom . a tremendous battle be raging in France and flander . '' elizabeth sigh relief , then follow on she carbon copy , mouth the word , many of which she know by heart . camera follow the wire that lead out of the office , down the corridor , and into the transmitter room . reveal BBC Radio recorder men. int . buckingham palace - night close on : a radio . pull back to reveal : the king , look up from the paper , as he listen to winston 's speech on the radio , and study he framed family photo of he child ... princess elizabeth and margaret . winston ( 0.s . ) '' the Germans ... by a remarkable combination of air bombing and heavily armored tank , have break through the french defense north of the maginot line , and strong column of they armoure vehicle be ravaging the open country ... '' close on : newspaper - the headline read : in control , say french despite Nazi raid 42 . int . foreign office - night halifax sit at the table , a minister stand behind he as they listen to Winston 's radio address winston ( 0.s. ) '' , .. which for the first day or two be without defender ... but !... I have invincible confidence in the french Army and its leader . only a very small part of that splendid Army have yet be heavily engage ; and only a very small part of France have yet be invade ... side by side , the british and french people - - have advanced ... '' halifax be disgust by this distortion of the fact . halifax '' Advanced '' ?! how bloody dare he ! ext . french battlefield - evening aerial shot of : the british and french army in retreat - leave behind smoking truck and abandoned artillery . tracking over this ravage landscape , we see- CUT to : - the abstract landscape of a human corpse ... winston ( 0.s. ) '' , .. the british and french people - — - have advanced -- to rescue not only Europe , but mankind from the foulest and most soul - destroy tyranny which have ever darken and stain the page of history . .-.- until a eye be reveal in close - up , stare into camera . int . winston 's office / war room - night close - up on : the red recording light . winston '' but now one bond unite we all - to wage war until victory be win , and never to surrender ourselves to servitude and shame , whatever the cost and the agony may be ... conquer we must , as conquer we shall . '' close - up on : winston 's face ... 43 . elizabeth layton well do , sir . winston sit back - unhappy . close - up on : the red recording light go off . the broadcast be over . int . library / number 10 downing STREET - night clemmie turn off the radio , concerned . int . corridor - war room - night winston , unhappy , walk up to a door , enter it - int . tunnel / beneath 10 downing STREET - night - then walk down the long tunnel ( connect the war room with downing STREET ) until , at its end , he enter a elevator - int . elevator / 10 downing STREET - night - winston ride the elevator upward - int . MAIN hallway / 10 downing STREET - night - winston exit the elevator , and begin to climb the stair - int . live room / 10 downing STREET - night clemmie you do marvelously . winston for the last ten year I be the only one who tell they the truth . until tonight . there 's no advance . it 's a shamble . we be in full retreat . clemmie would you be serve they tonight by deny they sleep , terrifying they child ? winston even if the terror be come ?! clemmie because it 's come ! there be time enough for truth . 44 , he nod , accept this . he walk off , still anxious . she watch he go , worried . int . kitchen / war room - day the front page of a newspaper : a photo of winston do he V for victory sign ( palm inward ) . elizabeth layton , lean by the door , read the paper . at she side stand another typist , sybil , read another copy of the same paper -— elizabeth be giggle - winston pass the doorway in the corridor , then re-appear - winston what 's so funny ? elizabeth Prime Minister sir - winston go on . what be it ? int . corridor - war room - day elizabeth step out into the corridor so they can have some privacy - elizabeth not sure if you know this but -- the way you be do you V for Victory sign - - well , in the poorer quarter that gesture mean -- something else . winston what do it mean ? elizabeth would not like to say sir . winston I be capture by the boer . I spend time in a South African prison . elizabeth up yer 's bum . sir. winston up yer 's bum ? winston roar with laughter - which set elizabeth laugh - 45 . elizabeth the way you do it , sir . yes sir. ( demonstrate ) but if you turn it around - ( palm out ) - that 's fine . winston I see . elizabeth would not like million of people to take it the wrong way . winston step away , still chuckle - winston up yer 's bum ! int . buckingham palace / winston 's office , war room - day king GEORGE speak into the telephone - king GEORGE VI do not wish to take too much of you time . ( pause ) I hear you -- on the -- wireless . winston be I comprehensible ? king GEORGE VI the public need to be lead , not misl -- not leave to work it out for they - themselves . winston right . will that be all , you majesty ? king GEORGE VI yes . good day Prime Minister . ( click ) winston put down the phone and turn to evan . winston I believe I have just recieve a royal rap on the knuckle . int . war cabinet room / war room - day caption : saturday , may 25 , 1940 war cabinet meeting 1 46 . present : 17 person . the Main War cabinet , minus winston ( chamberlain , halifax , greenwood , atlee ) and the following ( alexander , sinclair , cooper , cadogan , anderson , pound , dowding , ironside , bridge , ismay , nicholl , wilkinson ) cabinet secretary bridge be help to seat everyone as they move around the table look for they placement card . cabinet secretary bridge ( indicate to halifax 's seat ) foreign Minister ? a new map show the new position of british troops . surrounded at dunkirk . finally , winston enter , shake the hand of ironside and ismay first , but have less enthusiasm for attlee and greenwood , and nothing for chamberlain and halifax , who do not expect to have they hand shake . winston tiny , good to see you . ( to ismay ) pug. welcome to the War cabinet , such as we be . ( to all ) please , sit . he sit . winston ( cont ’d ) War be usually a catalogue of blunder , and this one be prove no exception . ( beat ) General - its all yours . ironside you have this morning 's report in front of you - winston yes . General - ironside - if you turn to page 3 - ummm - so on page 3 - be we all look at page 3 ? - no , the other document - second paragraph down - winston , agitate , reeling from the royal reprimand , tap he wedding ring finger on the side of he chair impatiently - greenwood second ? 47 . ironside yes , the second -- no , page - winston can stand it no longer - silence - winston ( he patience snap ) Edmund ! -- why do not you just tell we - - please -- in you own word -- what kind of mess we be look at here . what 's go on ? ironside right. ( beat ) as of 2200 hour last night -- the Germans have encircle sixty british , belgian and french division . on we part all we force under Lord gort have now withdraw , or be try to withdraw , to the french coast , to dunkirk , where we can not reach they . ship sink by the Nazis block the harbour entrance and the luftwaffe control the sky above . chamberlain how many of we man be trap ? ironside all of they . ( pause ) we nation 's entire professional soldiery . and ... ( pause ) .-.. we can see no clear way to rescue they . winston General -- be you tell I that we shall have lose the british army by the next few day ? ironside that 's correct . attlee what be the french do ? ironside premiere raynaud send a radio message . he expect the defence of Paris will soon fail . 48 . winston we must counter- attack . anyone ? ( silence ) surely - ironside the german force be superior in every regard and be only fifty mile from the coast . they be push we into the sea . attlee fifty mile ! good God ! greenwood for a german tank , two day . winston they must not reach the sea ! not before we evacuate we man ! General ismay ? what have you get for we ? everyone look at ismay . ismay as it stand -- I can not see that we have much hope of get any of we force out in time . a gasp in the cabinet . winston take this news badly . winston not a man ? we can not be so totally at they mercy ! reaction halifax : only just hold he tongue . he look at chamberlain , who do not maintain the look . winston ( cont ’d ) General . what be we next step ? ironside I be not sure , sir , that we have one . silence . a pall settles . ismay look at ironside , who say nothing . chamberlain and halifax also exchange a look . winston so ? so where be we to look for salvation ? ( silence ) anyone ? come on ! speak ! ironside we still have a garrison at calais . 25 mile to the west . 49 , winston well why do not you say so ?! how many man do we have there ? ironside 4000 . more or less . winston then have they go east -- engage with the german column move on dunkirk . buy we some time . draw the Nazi focus away from dunkirk whilst we execute a maritime evacuation of we force . ironside - - be that possible ? ironside it would mean a huge sacrifice . attlee four thousand young man ! winston to save 300000 ! ( pause ) under whose command be the calais garrison ? ismay brigadier nicholson . silence . the burden fall on Winston ... winston very well -- tell ... a hint of uncertainty here , as winston tap he signet ring on the wooden arm of he chair . winston ( cont ’d ) ... tell --nicholson -- that it be of the great importance to this island that he garrison draw the enemy 's tank and artillery and bomber away from dunkirk -- invite they wrath -- and to -- to fight on if need be until -- until the destruction of he command . a pall settles over the room . almost a gasp . attlee it 's suicide . halifax , emotion rise , can stay silent no longer . 50 . halifax Prime Minister ! I have reservation ... winston who be free of reservation ? halifax -..- about such a fateful course when we have the option of a peace offer . winston what peace offer ?! halifax the italian have offer to mediate between ourselves and Germany . and I indicate that provide we liberty and independence be assure , we would consider any proposal . winston with Hitler hold the whip hand do you really think he would honour we liberty and independence ? halifax it would be in he interest to do so . he - winston the only thing to do be to show that maniac that he cannot conquer this country , and for that we need a army . General , tell brigadier nicholson , '' the Germans must not reach the sea ! not before we get we boy off that bloody beach ! " ( pause ) I take full responsibility . halifax really ? winston ( temper explode ) really ! yes ! it be the reason I sit in this chair ! halifax surely -- before we send 4000 man to they grave , we must explore - winston ( frustrated ) what be this ?! 51 . halifax what be you mind on the principle of peace talk ? do we take it for example , that you preclude yourself from even consider engage in such negotiation ? a tense silence . angle on : the two secretary , pencil 's raise , wait to record winston 's reply . winston , aware that history be listen , sense a trap - winston I should like to speak to viscount halifax and Mr Chamberlain alone . ( to ironside ) issue the order to the calais garrison . confirm it have be do . ( to bridge ) bridge ! you too ! out ! hop it ! bridge put down he pencil . consternation from that depart at this breach of protocol . int . corridor - war room - day at the end of the line of unneed war cabinet member filing out , come the disgruntled bridge with he two secretary . int . war cabinet room / war room - day winston light he cigar , and take he time , slowly approach the halifax seat at the back of the room . halifax Winston . we be face certain defeat on land -- the annihilation of we army -- and imminent invasion ! we must be rational ! winston we be a sea-going nation . have be since the bronze Age . the Channel be ours -- we moat -- we battlement and the german do not recognise a expanse of water great than a bloody lake ! they have first to reach this island - 52 . halifax - which will be full of terrify man , woman and child , whom we have fail , despicably , in we duty of protection . Germany have win - - we be entirely defenceless - winston and who 's fault be that ?! chamberlain avert he face . halifax - face the large army the world have see . furthermore , once France fall , Germany can concentrate on aircraft production and they will then have the french fleet as well ! what be to stop Hitler then ? word ? word , Winston ? word alone ? ( beat ) if you will not permit any talk of peace then I will be force - chamberlain step in , to stop halifax from resign . chamberlain might we not allow Edward simply to meet the italian ambassador , bastianini-- discuss they possible role as mediator between we and Germany , and find out they price ? winston be calm by chamberlain 's manner - winston bastianini ? ha ! a man about whom we might say there be less to he than meet the eye . winston look at halifax , and sigh - winston ( cont ’d ) I remain oppose to any negotiation - chamberlain - of course - winston - which might lead to a derogation of we rights and power . halifax as do we all ! there be no question that we sovereignty be non - negotiable ! 53. chamberlain Winston ? with nowhere leave to turn - winston give a slow inclination of the head , and then - nods . chamberlain ( cont ’d ) good . thank you . winston -.- but ! no- one outside this room must ever know . chamberlain of course . int . corridor - war room - night winston walk through the corridor - then approach and open a SMALL lavatory door . as he enter - close on : the door 's lock , which slide from '' vacant '' to '' engaged '' . int . tran -atlantic telephone room / war room - night Inside , it 's no lavatory . it be actually - a secret private telephone system , link winston with the roosevelt white house . winston , seat , hold the receiver , take a few moment before he lift the phone to he ear -— winston Mr President ? roosevelt Winston ! winston how be you Franklin ? roosevelt Fine . Fine . how be you Prime Minister ? winston I be phone about -- about you navy ship . if you be to loan we just 50 of you older destroyer I feel sure — roosevelt ah ! yes ! 54 . winston roosevelt ( cont 'd ) - even 40 would - well I - roosevelt ( cont ’d ) - I do ask around , but just not possible I be afraid . the neutrality Act we sign last year have tie my hand . just can not swing it . I try . winston then --can I - - do I have you permission to send a aircraft carrier to pick up the p - 40 fighter plane we purchase ? Mr President . roosevelt ( wince , hat not be able to help ) you get I there again . New law -- prevent tran -shipment of military equipment . winston but we have pay for they -- with the money we borrow from you ! roosevelt ( anguish ) so sorry , Winston . winston I need not impress upon you the trouble face by the western hemisphere . without you support , in some fashion ... silence . a tense moment ... roosevelt I know . I know . you be on my mind day and night . ( pause ) look . we could --possibly ... but word fail the hamper roosevelt and he voice trail off . winston Mr President - - we be face the gravest odd ! 55 . roosevelt .-.- we could take you plane to about a mile from the canadian border -- and then if you send across a team of horse from Canada - - nothing motorize -- then you could pull ‘em over the border yourself . how do that sound ? winston horse ? you say '' a team of horse " ? roosevelt I guess you could push ‘em yourself . the damn thing have wheel . up to you . winston be speechless - roosevelt ( cont ’d ) we could do that . ( silence ) Prime Minister ? winston cover the phone , bunch he fist , swallow he rage , and then speak again , as calmly as he can - winston anything you can do at this time would be welcome . roosevelt goodnight to you Winston . ( feel winston 's pain ) it must be late there ? winston in more way than you could possibly know . he put down the phone and sit back in he chair - stunne , fume . but as he stew , he slowly - slowly - conceive a idea , a new idea ! int . map room / war room - night winston enter and stride past the staff , make for the large map of europe . he put he finger on the french coast , at dunkirk , encircle by red thread . and then look at england , the coast , and then tap dover on the map . he turn , see the dozen colorful telephone and address a naval map - room officer - 56 . winston get I vice - Admiral ramsay on one of this . ext . dover castle - pre -sunrise ( 5 am ) high aerial of the castle atop the famous white -cliff . int . admiral ramsay' bedroom / tunnel / beneath dover castle - night admiral ramsay be wake by a staffer . staffer Admiral ramsay ? ramsay huh ? staffer it 's the Prime Minister . int . dynamo room / tunnel / beneath dover castle - night ramsay , on the phone with winston . winston ( 0.s. ) bertie ? I hope I do not wake you . ramsay of course not . I be just read the Bible . ( intercut , as necessary with - ) int . map room / war room - night winston , on a phone , study the coast of england . winston exodus ? ( smile ) we need to evacuate we boy , bertie . the navy be say that with one cruiser and six destroyer , and with the luftwaffe control the sky above , we will be lucky to get 10 % out . I want you to order a assembly of boat . ramsay boat ? 57 . winston yes . civilian boat , as many as you can get you hand on . country 's full of boat -- let 's put ‘em to use . bertie ? you there ? ramsay ( sceptical ) rrrr-ight . winston - anyone with a pleasure craft bigger than 30 foot that can get to France . longley 's clipper , fearnley 's gin palace , any half - rotten fishing boat that 's 1l float . ramsay mmmm—hmmm . winston sense bertie 's reticence ... and make a different appeal ... winston help I stage this thing , bertie . we must at least try to bring some of we boy home . after a pause - ramsay I will have the BBC issue the order . winston start to put the phone down , and then remember something -— winston oh -- bertie - - still there ? ramsay Sir ? winston we need a name -- for this operation . ramsay look around he - a blazon on a generator say '' dynamo '' . int . corridor / war room - day caption : sunday , may 26 1940 winston walk with eden , but then they pass a officer 's office , whose door be open - and it 's then that he hear , to he fury , the sound of a radio play a speech by hitler ! winston pull the door shut , silencing the dictator . 58 . winston and eden look at each other , then walk on , and stop before enter the war cabinet room , ( as if before take the stage ) . winston take a deep breath and try to shake off he worry . only then do he enter , follow by eden - int . war cabinet room / war room - day war cabinet meeting 2 . present : 17 person . the Main War cabinet ( churchill , chamberlain , halifax , greenwood , atlee ) and the following ( eden , alexander , sinclair , cadogan , anderson , pound , dowding , ironside , bridge , ismay , nicholl , wilkinson ) a tense atmosphere - face rive with doubt . the cabinet be stand , confer anxiously with each other ...... but then fall silent when winston and ANTHONY eden enter . winston good day . I have ask the Minister for War to join we . halifax and chamberlain share a look - this do not bode well . all sit . winston look around the table - see the fear and doubt and nervousness in he cabinet right away . winston start to tap he signet ring on he right hand on the wooden arm of he chair , until - winston ( cont ’d ) obviously -- we be in a dangerous situation . but - I be assure by the french premiere that while some german tank unit have reach the sea , the situation generally seem to be well in hand . no-one look at all convinced by this - close on : the wooden arm of winston 's chair - the varnish have wear away from three week of such anxious tapping . greenwood Prime Minister . you do not believe that . attlee France will fall . greenwood yes. attlee and invasion of this island will follow . 59 . winston change the subject - winston what news from calais ? attlee what ? ironside the garrison attack , but be force back and be now surround on all side . they be be shell and bomb mercilessly . casualty be at sixty percent . the cabinet all shake they head - all look to have lose faith in winston . chamberlain nod at halifax - halifax on the question of peace talk - winston - we must hold we nerve . signal only that we be go to fight it out to the end . a peace offer telegraph we weakness . churchill look to eden for support - eden agreed . winston and even if we be beat - - we should be no worse off than we should be if we be now to abandon the struggle . let we therefore avoid be drag down the slippery slope with talk of a negotiate peace . halifax slippery slope ? the only - winston halifax ( cont 'd ) - I suspect Germany and Italy - - the only slippery slope - winston - want to get we so deeply involved in negotiation that we should be unable to turn back ! halifax oh nonsense ! bastianini inform I - 60 . winston the approach - halifax - the only slippery slope - winston will you stop interrupting I while I am interrupting you !? when I choose my War cabinet I take great care to surround myself with old rival . I may have overdo it . only greenwood and attlee and eden smile . halifax and chamberlain look exasperate . winston ( cont ’d ) viscount halifax -- the approach you propose be not only futile , but involve we in a deadly danger . halifax the deadly danger here be this romantic fantasy of fighting to the end !!! what be '' the end '' if not the destruction of all ? there be nothing heroic in go down fight if it can be avoid . nothing even remotely patriotic in death or glory if the odd be on the former ; nothing inglorious in try to shorten a war that we be clearly lose . winston cannot bear this talk - winston halifax ( cont 'd ) Europe be still - Europe be lose ! halifax ( cont 'd ) and before we force be wipe out completely this be the time to negotiate , in order to obtain the best condition possible . it would not be in Hitler 's interest to insist on outrageous term . he will know he own weakness . he will be reasonable . winston cannot bear this talk - 61 . winston when will the lesson be learn ? how many more dictator must be woo , appease -- good God , give immense privilege , before we learn ! -- that you can not reason with a tiger when you head be in its mouth ! winston rise and walk out . halifax , escape chamberlain 's grip on he forearm , alone chase winston ... into - int . SMALL corridor to tunnel / war room - day halifax pursue winston into the vestibule - halifax prime minister - winston turn back to he - they be now enclose in the vestibule . halifax ( cont 'd ) Winston ! yesterday you give permission for - winston what permission ? halifax - for I to meet - halifax ( cont ’d ) winston - with bastianini - - I sanction - winston ( cont ’d ) - the theoretical ex - winston ( cont 'd ) halifax - ploration - - theoretical ?! - winston - of what price Italy would ask . no more . I do not sanction - halifax if you will not allow any further exploration of a peace agreement , then - - you will have my resignation . winston do not be absurd . I need you Edward . you know I do ! 62. halifax I will not stand by to watch another generation of young man die at the bloody altar of you hubris ! winston and you would have we die as lamb ! halifax be gallipoli not enough for you ?! winston ( angry ) how dare you ?! we troops be chew barb wire in flander ! I see it ! open a second front , outflank the Turks , be a serious military idea - and it could have damn - well work if - the admiral and first Sea Lord have not dithere away we element of surprise ! silence . winston realise he 's go too far . totally lose he poise . he calm himself . but too late . halifax , undaunted , fix winston with a cold judicial eye - halifax the choice be yours . you have 24 hour to enter into peace talk , or I resign . halifax walk back into the war room . winston , regretful for he display of temper . int . hallway / 10 downing STREET - day winston emerge from the elevator , to find - - the young conservative mp , ernle hasting , wait for he at the bottom of the stair . ernle hasting Prime Minister . I wonder if we might schedule you to address the Outer cabinet ? winston climb the stair , without say a word . int . treasury toilet - day halifax , energize , and chamberlain , look unwell , confer as chamberlain dampen a handkerchief and dab he head with cold water ... 63 . halifax I tell he . it shook he . chamberlain imagine it do . halifax gave he 24 hour -- I do not expect he to agree , so I will resign first . you then join I . that 's critical if we be to trigger a revolt in the chamber . i’1l announce it . the King will back we . halifax nod . chamberlain now mentor he , paternally - chamberlain be sure of you motive , Edward . country first ! country first always . career third , fourth -- after family , and church - and , in you case ( small smile ) - fox hunt . come . chamberlain bravely lead a emotional halifax out of the bathroom . ext . westminster / london - night high-angle wide - shot of london - then pan to reveal radio aerial , as we hear — radio announcer ( 0.s. ) '' today , the admiralty have make a order request all owner of self - propel pleasure craft , between 30 ' and 100 ' in length , to send all particular to the admiralty , immediately -— int . library / 10 downing STREET - night winston listen to the radio broadcast : radio announcer '' — if they have not already be offer or requisition . '' winston turn off the radio , turn to face elizabeth layton who sit at she type-writer , wait . they look at each other . churchill ( dictating ) to brigadier nicholson , 30th infantry Brigade . calais . ( more ) 64 . churchill ( cont 'd ) every hour you continue to exist be of the great help to we force at dunkirk . have the great possible admiration for you splendid stand . you evacuation however -- you evacuation will not , repeat not , take place . sign ... elizabeth layton , have stop type . churchill , look up and see tear in she eye . he go to she , offer a handkerchief . churchill ( cont ’d ) here. ( soften ) what be it ? elizabeth layton May I be excuse ? churchill you may not . tell I what this be about . elizabeth layton no- one tell we anything . it 's all classified and -- we hear scrap and it 's worse than know nothing . churchill what would you like to know ? she stare into he eye - elizabeth layton how many man will survive ? he stare at she - it 's the great public question . it deserve a answer . churchill come with I . come on . int . tunnel / beneath 10 downing STREET - night winston lead elizabeth down the long tunnel - int . corridor / war room - night - elizabeth follow winston to the map -room . churchill come in . 65 . elizabeth no . I be not allow in the map room . churchill you be now . int . map room / war -room - night she enter the map room , which be manned with male personnel who look askance at elizabeth . winston show she the army map of western europe . the british force be represent , surround by german troops at the seaside town of dunkirk . she nod . winston the german army now control every french port except dunkirk , here -- and calais , here to the west , where a garrison be draw fire and delay the german advance on dunkirk . winston ( cont ’d ) at both point we troops be encircle . we be still try to clear dunkirk harbour of wreck ship so we can then land the boat we need to get we boy off that beach , but enemy plane be attack we constantly . we only hope in dunkirk be thick cloud cover to thwart this attack , but -- the sky remain clear . even then I be tell we will need a miracle to get even 10 % of we man out . she be shocked - winston ( cont ’d ) courage , miss layton --courage . elizabeth how long have they get if we do not rescue they ? winston one , maybe two day . ismay enter - winston ( cont ’d ) General ? 66 . ismay News from calais , the 30th infantry , sir . they have retreat to the town 's citadel ... as a last and probably hopeless stand - the order '' everyman for himself 's have be give . winston ( as he exit ) good. ext . calais - night the citadel rise , ancient and proud above the town , as - - a german reconnaissance plane fly a circle over the citadel and lay a circle of white smoke . ismay ( 0.s. ) +». as a last , and probably hopeless , stand . the order , ‘every man for himself 's have be give . int . citadel / calais - night brigadier nicholson , surround by the dead and wounded , read the dispatch from churchill - grim read . he lower it , stricken , afraid , as he hear ... the drone of 50 german bomber rise ... come closer ...closer ... he look up into the dark sky ... ext . german bomber - night from the Pov of a german bomber , at high altitude - - the circle of smoke come beneath it , and in the middle of the circle , perfectly target far below , the citadel . into the circle of smoke the bomber drop its payload . int . map room / war room - night ecu on : winston 's eye , as if - while stare at the map - he be witness to this defeat ... ext . calais - night the bomb fall on the town , and at last the citadel itself take a direct hit . it crumble , and fall ... 67 . int . winston 's study / 10 downing STREET - night ecu on : a military dispatch , that read : calais fallen . number of dead or capture uncertain . general gort . across the room , winston be at he desk , immobile , nursing a glass of whiskey and soda , as , - - clemmie enter - and look at he , with concern . clemmie ( worried ) go to bed , pig . he give no reply - clemmie ( cont 'd ) you must sleep . winston leave I , clemmie . clemmie the opportunity for do so pass a long time ago . she get a idea , and exit urgently , leave he alone . int . office / 10 downing STREET - morning winston , in he silk robe , still sit at he desk . the curtain be draw . it 's morning . he walk to a telephone and dial - admiral ramsay . winston bertie - - what 's be the response ? ext . battlement / dover castle - day angle on : 5 SMALL craft , arrive at dover - a packet boat , a yacht , a fishing boat , a skiff ... angle on : ramsay , talk into a field telephone , watch from atop dover castle . admiral ramsay it will take time . it 's too soon to judge . winston how many boat so far ? admiral ramsay it will take time . 68 . winston the request for civilian boat be not a request , bertie . it be a order ! in frustration , winston slam down the phone , as - - sawyer , the valet , enter and draw the curtain . as light flood the room -- caption : monday , may 27 , 1940 ext . 10 downing STREET - day a crowd of on-looker be gather there , as - - winston , emerge to get into a government car . he be angst - ride now , give the ( polite ) v-for -victory sign , ( palm - out ) but he heart be not in it . hunch - back , he eye downcast , he get in he government car . int . buckingham palace - day winston and the king at lunch at a dine table . winston eat heartily . the king , with little appetite , smoke , watch winston wash down the food with hearty gulp of champagne . GEORGE VI ( pour drink ) how do you manage drink during the day ? winston practice . after another silence - GEORGE VI I have be ask -- if plan should be draw -- to evacuate my f-family and I - - to Canada . I wish to know the opinion of we prime minister . winston my opinion ? my opinion would be that you must do what you feel be right for yourself , you family , and for the country . you survival be paramount . Prime minister -- we seem to come and go at a astonish rate . GEORGE VI you --p-position in parliament , I hear , be not strong . 69 . winston my party resent how Chamberlain be push aside . and many other doubt I . I be not a popular choice . the king nod - he himself resent winston - and he turn away briefly , in embarrassment . winston ( cont ’d ) they want halifax still . but why get rid of the organ grinder and replace he with the monkey . GEORGE VI Lord halifax be a close personal friend of mine ! winston I be unwanted . I have never be trust since the gallipoli campaign . unwanted . GEORGE VI perhaps -- it be because -- you scare people . winston who ?! GEORGE VI you scare I . winston ( scarily ) what ?! what nonsense ! what could be scary about I ? GEORGE VI one never know what be go to come out of you mouth next . something that w-will flatter -- or wound . winston my emotion be unbridle . winston drop some meat into the mouth of a corgie wait at winston 's foot for food . winston ( cont ’d ) a wildness . in the blood . I share it with my father . ( beat ) mother also . we lack the gift of -- temperance . 70 . GEORGE VI be you close -- to you parent ? winston my mother be glamorous -- but perhaps too widely love . this draw a eye-brow rise from the King . winston ( cont ’d ) my father - - to I be like God -- busy elsewhere . the king smile . he can not help but like this man . int . corridor / war room - day winston walk through the men and women en route to he office . he stop before elizabeth layton - look into she eye . she can see the doubt , the sadness , the pain . winston miss layton . elizabeth layton Sir . winston reach -- I need to reach -- speak to ... elizabeth layton to ? winston 3 pm . elizabeth layton 3 pm , sir ? winston ask bridge to summon the -- the uh -- the War cabinet for 3 pm . thank you . she watch he walk away - - only for winston to be stop by JOHN evan with a communique . JOHN evan Sir ! winston what be it ? JOHN evan sir-from Lord gort , in France . 71 . winston read the message -- he eye widen . winston Belgium have fall . they will surrender at midnight . France will soon follow suit . reaction winston : shock . int . war cabinet room / war room - day war cabinet meeting 3 . present : 9 person . the Main War cabinet ( churchill , chamberlain , halifax , greenwood , atlee ) and the following ( eden , cadogan , ironside , bridge . ) a film reel be project onto a screen . we see image of german speedboat . we see the nazi leadership , hold map , point out to sea toward Britain ... we see a giant long - range super cannon be reveal by german soldier . over this , we hear - ironside we have receive report that the most probable method of attack , which Germany might employ against this country , be a large fleet of fast motor boat , possibly up to 200 , carry 100 man apiece to carry out a seaborne raid on a large scale . by this mean a considerable force of the enemy could be land at many point on the coast simultaneously with air - borne raid inland . we do not feel that by naval or air action we could prevent such a landing . halifax could you repeat that ? halifax turn to look hard at winston . ironside we must prepare for the imminent invasion of we island . the shock register on all the face . hold on ANTHONY eden , as he lower he head . bridge open a bottle of whiskey and start to pour into tumbler for the non-military personnel . silence , as ironside sit . 72 . silence . lose look . General state of high anxiety . they look to winston for leadership - and he appear to be about to say something in response to this black news - but no word come . after this awkward silence - halifax look directly at winston — halifax let the record state -- that I have receive word from the italian embassy in London that Italy be prepare to mediate a resolution between Britain , its ally , and Germany . the cabinet secretary , record this statement for history . winston fume that this have be put on the record and stare with anger at halifax . winston have be totally put on the spot ! winston ( sink by the news ) perhaps -- then -- the cabinet wait on the final inevitable word - winston ( cont ’d ) -- the time for such a offer from we be - halifax nod at chamberlain - success , surely ! but winston still can not speak the word they ache to hear . winston ( cont ’d ) - be when Germany have make a unsuccessful attempt to invade this country . halifax throw he glass on the table in disbelief ! chamberlain unsuccessful ?! halifax then you leave I no other option - chamberlain ( cut he off ) Winston -- you be refuse to grasp the reality of how precarious we position be ! we entire army be about to be wipe out ! term ! must ! be strike ! silence . winston have no room leave in which to move . all face examine he . 73 . winston look finally to ANTHONY eden - he staunchest supporter . winston Anthony ? eden 's face be pain - as he retain a meaningful silence . churchill look to each man around the room , and they face proclaim they support of halifax 's view . utterly isolated - winston have no choice now . winston ( cont ’d ) then ... ( pause ) then it seem ... ( pause ) ... we have no choice but to at least consider the path of negotiation . chamberlain and halifax share a astonished look ! winston ( cont ’d ) if Hitler 's peace term be -- overlordship of Central Europe and return of certain german colony - ( pause ) - and if he will leave we we independence , then - then I would be thankful to get out of we present difficulty . it 's quite unlikely that he will make any such offer , but ... winston look at the cabinet secretary who record for posterity he every word -— winston ( cont ’d ) ... if I be tell what the german term be , then -- I would be -- prepare --- to -- to consider they . the secretary note down this historic concession , and winston observe this . halifax thank you . Prime Minister . chamberlain nod at halifax . they have prevaile . halifax ( cont 'd ) ( triumphant ) I shall prepare a draft memorandum at once . finally , winston nod . chamberlain and halifax look at each other again - victory ! 74 . ext . treasury drum - day high wide -shot as winston walk through the treasury drum toward downing STREET . mile aldridge , a lone photographer call out - mile aldridge Mr. churchill ! one picture , one picture , come on sir , one picture ! how about a smile , Prime Minister ? winston step toward he , and then deliberately give the rude version of the v-for-victory sign ( palm -inward ) . Winston walk on . int . bathroom / treasury - day chamberlain , alone , steady himself against a wall - he health be fade . he take out he bottle of morphine and drink . int / ext . buckingham palace - night king GEORGE walk out on to a balcony and look down the mall in blackout , as he equerry join he ... GEORGE VI I be -- ju--just imagine never stand -- here again . perhaps because I be no longer alive , or -- or because the palace itself -- be go . equerry Canada . you must decide , sir . you could rule in exile . GEORGE VI truly ? be that my fate ? ( pause ) you know what ? I feel angry . in this moment I be aware of feel -- bloody angry . the equerry study he , as he study the mall . int . elizabeth '’s '' shoe - BOX '' room / war room - night elizabeth layton wait , she finger at the ready . she sneak a glance at the clock on she desk - it be 1.30 ! winston be in a black mood . he struggle to dictate a speech ... 75 . winston I have ... come to ... to wonder ...in... recent day ... whether it be ... my duty ... ecu of : the typewriter hammer type '' duty '' - winston ( cont ’d ) - to consider ... evan enter , carry a tray hold a glass and a bottle . Elizabeth yawn . winston ( cont ’d ) ...consider ... enter ... evan be stand there stare at winston , wait to knock off for the night . winston notice - JOHN evan will that be all for tonight , sir ? winston ignore he . winston -..enter into negotiation with ... ( unable to speak the dread name ) .-.- that ...corporal...no ... evan depart without a answer , as - winston pour himself a scotch and mumble to himself - winston ( cont ’d ) ---gangster--no--tyrant ... ..- monster of wickedness , no ... winston , want more inspiration , turn over a newspaper and on the cover be - a large photo of adolph hitler . winston look at hitler' face with loathing - winston ( cont ’d ) ..- butcher - - no good--monstrous savage ? -- bloodthirsty guttersnipe ! -- housepainter ... ( throw newspaper on the ground ) housepainter ! ( he head clear ) where be we ? where - ? winston , hearing no sound of type , turn - and see elizabeth layton stare at she typewriter , freeze - winston ( cont ’d ) well ? 76 . elizabeth ( softly ) I do not understand you , sir . he do not reply . she finally add - elizabeth ( cont 'd ) you be — winston be ? elizabeth you be - mumble . winston mumbling . elizabeth yes sir . winston , cross to the other side of she and sit down - he pick up a framed photo of a handsome young soldier from she desk . winston you beau ? elizabeth maintain she composure with true grit during the follow exchange - elizabeth my brother . winston where be he now ? elizabeth he be fall back on dunkirk but he never make it . this rock winston to the core . he study elizabeth , stir by the beauty of she sad face . elizabeth ( cont 'd ) what ? his eye moisten - at all she represent , innocence and loss and courage and purity . winston I be just look at you . she turn back to she type - writer and sit there wait , until - feel awkward - she offer -— elizabeth shall I read back what we have ? 77 . winston please . elizabeth '' I have come to wonder in recent day whether it be my duty to consider enter into negotiation -— - with ... '' winston ponder he next line - but again , no word come . winston with ... ext . roof top / defence ministry - night winston emerge on to the rooftop of the building , and proceed to light up a cigar as he take in the clear night sky above he . winston ( 0.s. ) -.-with ... he then hear a drone ... it be a single spitfire on night patrol . it come into view , slowly crossing the sky . winston watch this ghostly sight come and go . the little plane look very small in such a big expanse of sky ... his eye be wet with tear , as he angrily grind out he cigar . the camera rise up - up - into a aerial shot of - - winston on the roof until - winston be no bigger than a toy lead soldier . int . spare room / 10 downing STREET - night clemmie enter and see - winston , sit on a large boat - shape bed in the dark stare into space , amid unpacked box . he 's at a very low ebb . clemmie darling , Winston , darling ? no answer . she go to he . he 's clearly in trouble - winston clemmie shhh . shhh . you have the full weight of the world on you shoulder . but this inner battle , darling - 78 . winston I can not - clemmie - I know , I know - but they have actually train you for this moment . you be strong because you be imperfect . you be wise because you have doubt . from this uncertainty the wisest word will come . now . I will let he in . winston who ? clemmie the King . winston which King ? we King ? clemmie well if it be not he , it 's a wonderful impersonation . clemmie close the door . winston look dishevelled , he suit rumpled . a mess . he make a small effort to tuck in a shirt and button he waistcoat . king GEORGE VI enter - the most ' proper 's man in Europe . the height of manners and decorum . wear a impeccable suit . king GEORGE VI Mr churchill -- I hope you can for -- give the late hour but you wife think tonight would be a good time . Winston be stand by the bed . king GEORGE VI ( cont 'd ) shall we sit ? the king sit in a armchair . Winston sit on the bed . winston make a futile effort to put on he public face ... winston something to drink ? er - king GEORGE VI no , thank you . winston remain seat on the edge of the bed . king GEORGE VI ( cont 'd ) I receive a visit ... 79 . winston from ? king GEORGE VI viscount halifax . ( beat ) it appear -- the prospect of a peace deal with Hitler - - have increase dramatically . winston later today I will address the House . the war cabinet be draft a letter to mussolini , ask he to broker talk with herr Hitler . GEORGE VI then halifax be correct . winston I should like to know you mind . GEORGE VI it would be helpful to know yours first . winston mine ? I should like to know it myself . ( beat ) Nations which go down fight rise again , but that which surrender tamely be finish . GEORGE VI Belgium ? winston collapse . GEORGE VI Norway - winston Holland . France any hour . after a hard silence - GEORGE VI and the mood of parliament ? winston fear . panic . GEORGE VI and be you not afraid ? at all ? GEORGE VI 80 . winston I be most terribly . scrutinize he closely - winston ( cont ’d ) we defeat in France be the most crush in the history of the Empire . support among my party for a campaign of resistance have collapse . finally - GEORGE have hear what he have want to hear , and so make he pledge - he move to sit next to Winston on the bed GEORGE VI you have my support . winston cannot believe he ear . winston — winston you majesty ? GEORGE VI you have my support . ( pause ) I must confess , I have some reservation about you at - at first . and while some in this country might have dread you appointment , none dread it like - like adolph Hitler . speechless . GEORGE VI ( cont 'd ) whomever can strike fear into that brute heart be worthy of all we trust . we shall work together . you shall have my support . at any hour. ( passionate ) beat the bugger . winston I fear I may be defeat . GEORGE VI you -- you once give I some advice . perhaps I can give you some . go to the people . let they instruct you . quite silently , they usually do . but tell they the truth . unvarnish . winston I shall speak to parliament , but without support in my own party , I must sue for peace . 81 . GEORGE VI you warn we this day be come . we fail to listen to you . lift we up , Mr churchill . winston on certain matter I have few people with whom I can talk frankly . GEORGE VI perhaps now we have each other ? winston I no longer scare you ? GEORGE VI only a little . I can cope . winston yes you can . you majesty . they remain sit there , side by side on the boat-shape bed , friend hereafter . int . dynamo room / beneath dover castle - morning caption : english coast , tuesday , may 28 ramsay , dress in uniform , be on the phone to - int . winston 's bedroom / 10 downing STREET - morning - winston , in bed , take the call . ( intercut , as necessary - ) ramsay we be ready . more or less . winston more or less what , bertie ? give I a number ! int . dynamo room / beneath dover castle - morning ramsay open the metal french door and step out onto - ext . balcony / dynamo room / beneath dover castle - morning ramsay 's Pov of : over 800 SMALL boat , the '' little ship " , arriving or moored . naval officer and volunteer board they . a rag - tag armada . 82 . ramsay in total -- 860 vessel . the biggest civilian fleet ever assemble . winston May God watch over they all . the shot pull away from ramsay on the balcony - ramsay operation dynamo wait upon you command ... - and we reveal - that the balcony of he bedroom be cut right into the cliff - face of the white cliff of dover ! winston Admiral -- you may initiate dynamo . - camera pull back and back - until we see the entire english coastline , complete with the '' dynamo '' fleet . ext / int . prince STREET / winston 's car - day wide shot of - winston 's car , move slowly through the rainy street . winston , in the back seat , look out the window at the human traffic - seem like he 's in a gold - fish bowl , disconnect . he watch as - men in bowler hat and young women in summer dress walk to work . as they rush through the rain shield themselves with umbrella and newspaper . winston , with a unlit cigar in he mouth , search he pocket for a match . but he can not find he match . when the car stop at a red light - - tom leonard hear the car door slam . he turn , look back , winston have jump out of he car . Tom Leonard open he door and stand look around for Winston , as crowd rush past in the pour rain . int . war cabinet room / war room - day bridge put down the telephone and turn to the assembled war cabinet -— bridge we have lose the Prime Minister ! int . ST jame park underground - day the crowd of commuter part to reveal - winston , closely study the underground map , try to work it out , until he be recognised for the first time . 83 . a great commotion start , as people watch respectfully they prime minister try to work out how to use the tube . angle on : winston , study the map , lighting a cigar , as - - a teenage girl stand beside he . she look at the map too . winston notice she . winston do you know how to use this thing ? teenage girl yes - ( recognise he , she eye widen ) - yes sir . winston so -- tell I -- how do I get to westminster ? teenage girl westminster ? um , the District line . East . one stop . winston District line . East . one stop . do not sound so hard . teenage girl no , sir . winston stalk off , take the step down , down . now everyone be stop to let he go by - people be stunned speechless . int . platform / district line eastbound / ST jame park tube - day winston arrive on the platform as a train arrive . the busy chatter die down at once - as everyone recognize winston . winston so -- this be the Underground ! he board . int . district line train - day he board the train with a unlit cigar in he mouth . commuter look up and fall silent at once , all rising to they foot , as if a Lady have enter a room . winston tip he hat to they . 84 . winston what be you all stare at ? have you never see a Prime Minister ride on the Underground before . when he sit , the commuter follow suit . the train do not immediately start go . he wait . then he look around he . everybody be do they best to be well mannered and not stare , but all be fail ! they immediately avert they eye from winston . winston remember he unlit cigar - winston ( cont ’d ) do anyone have a match ? down the carriage a old man shake a box of match . winston rise and go to he . the old man strike a match on the third strike . with a shaking hand he light winston 's cigar . winston ( cont ’d ) thank you . winston offer he hand ... winston ( cont ’d ) what be you name ? old man Oliver Wilson , sir . winston and what do you do Mr Wilson ? old man Brick - layer , sir . winston good ! ( loudly ) we shall have great need of brick - layer soon ! Business will be look up ! the group laugh , as - the train lurch into motion . winston ( cont ’d ) progress ! the mood of reverence lighten now , as winston go to - - a woman with a baby , touch its head . winston ( cont ’d ) how old ? 85 . woman with baby eight month , sir . he look like you . winston madam , all baby look like I . the cause widespread delight . another woman step up to shake he hand - woman with baby Mrs jessie sutton . everyone have get the hang of this now , and do not need to be speak to . they step forward in close order - young woman ( shaking winston ' 's hand ) abigail Walker . west-indian man ( shaking winston ' 's hand ) Marcus Peters . young irish woman ( shaking winston ' 's hand ) agnes dillon . young man ( shaking winston ' 's hand ) maurice Baker . middle aged woman ( shaking winston ' 's hand ) Alice Simpson . middle - aged woman ( shaking winston ' 's hand ) miss Margaret Jerome . winston my mother be a Jerome -- I expect we be closely related ! laughter . he now switch into speech mode , switch on the inner light - winston ( cont 'd ) and how be you all bear up ? a great hearty response . winston ( cont ’d ) of good spirit ? just as well ! ( laughter ) we will need they ! ( more ) 86 . winston ( cont ’d ) now let I ask you all something -- which have be weigh on my mind . perhaps you can provide I with a answer . a hushed silence again - they wait . he study they face , read they minute expression - winston ( cont ’d ) the british people . what be they mood ? be it confident ? young man very . old man some people say it 's a lose cause . winston lose cause be the only one worth fight for . now let I ask you this -- if the worst come to pass , and the enemy be to appear on this street , what would you do ? young man fight . middle aged woman fight the fascist ! old man fight they with whatever we can lay we hand on ! irish woman broom handle if we must ! young woman Street by street ! west-indian man they will never take picadilly ! winston ha! ha ! never picadilly indeed ! the public laugh . winston smile , proud of this people - winston ( cont 'd ) and what -- what if I put it to you all -- that we might - if we ask hicely - receive very favourable term from Mr. Hitler if we enter into a peace deal with he right now ? what would you say to that ? 87 . all never ! never ! a pause , and then - all ( cont 'd ) never ! never ! when silence return , one ( young ) voice chime in , late - young girl never ! winston turn to look for the source of the voice and he see , and move toward , one young girl ... winston will you never give up ? young girl never . touched , he cross and sit down opposite the child - winston ( to young girl ) '' then out spake brave horatius , the Captain of the gate : to every man upon this earth death cometh soon or late . and how can man die better than face fearful odd - '' west indian man '' —- for the ash of he father and the temple of he god . '' everyone be move . winston , himself , have tear in he eye . he wipe he eye with a handkerchief . young girl be you cry ? winston I blub a lot . you 'il have to get use to it . the train stop . winston ( cont ’d ) what stop be this ? middle aged woman westminster . winston that 's my stop . 88. before step off the train he stop to look into the face of the good , brave , true people . emboldene by they simple courage , he exit . int . war cabinet room / war room - day war cabinet meeting 4 . present : 17 person . the Main War cabinet , minus winston ( winston 's chair remain empty ) : ( chamberlain , halifax , greenwood , atlee ) and the following ( eden , alexander , sinclair , cooper , cadogan , anderson , pound , dowding , ironside , bridge , ismay , nicholl , wilkinson . ) all be actively discuss the wording of a peace offer . halifax , lead the formulation of the offer , look very pleased with the current situation . halifax the memorandum -- title '' suggested approach to Italy '' -- be as follow ... cadogan '' tf signor mussolini will co - operate with we in secure a settlement of all european question which safeguard the independence and security of the ally ... '' camera move in on : winston 's silver BOX of match . ext house of common - day winston come up from westminster tube station and cross to parliament . cadogan ( 0.s. ) '' , .. and could be the basis of a just and durable peace for Europe , we will undertake at once to discuss , with the desire to find solution , the matter in which signor mussolini be primarily interested ... '' int . house of common - westminister hall - day deep in anxious think , winston stalk in to the House of commons and walk down a long hallway .... 89 . cadogan ( ( 0.s. ) .. " we understand that he desire the solution of certain Mediterranean question : and if he will state in secrecy what this be , France and great Britain will at once do they best to meet that wish '' . int . stair and corridor / parliament - day to the first floor and be meet by a relieved JOHN evan - JOHN evan Sir ! the War cabinet be wait ! winston I be due to address the Outer cabinet . I have not speak to they since the formation of the new government . move up the hallway , winston and evan pass huddle group of younger mp 's - winston stop , think , and then turn back to they . winston ( cont ’d ) good day . ( pause ) I be -- about to speak to my Outer cabinet in my room and -- I extend the invitation to any of you who would care to join they . winston force a smile , then depart . after a moment , the mp 's rise , look at each other , murmur , rise and follow he . int . committee room / parliament - day the room be now full with 40 men - cabinet member and young back - bencher . winston enter , with JOHN evan - shake the hand of young conservative mp ( ernle hasting ) . the door be close . winston stand in front of the gathering . they wait for he to speak . at first no word come from winston , and then - 90 . winston later today -- I will address the House on the matter of we nation 's security . ( silence ) at this very moment the War cabinet be draft papers that lay out we willingness to enter into peace talk with herr Hitler , via he lacky , signor mussolini . ( pause ) I have think carefully in this last day -- whether - ( pause ) - whether it be part of my duty -- to consider enter into negotiation with - ( beat ) - that man. he put on he glass and take out a match - book - on which be write the name of the people he meet in the Underground . winston ( cont ’d ) but then I speak -- with Oliver Wilson - ( start to read name from he matchbook ) - Mrs jessie sutton , Mrs abigail Walker ... angle on : the card . the name of the tube commuter be all write there ... reaction : mp 's , slight confusion as they try to remember who this people be ... winston ( cont ’d ) ...- Marcus Peters , agnes dillon , maurice Baker , Alice Simpson , and miss Margaret Jerome -- brave , good , true citizen of this kingdom -- and they argue , strongly , that it be idle to think that , if we try to make peace now , we should get better term than if we fight it out . the Germans , Mr Baker feel , would demand - in the name of disarmament - we naval basis , and much else . and I think he 's right . jessie sutton , speak for many , believe we should then become a slave state , though a british government - which would be Hitler 's puppet - would be set up - under mosley or some such person . 91 . ernle hasting no ! winston and I join with they in ask a further question , a question I put to you : where should we be at the end of all that ? he survey they silent uncertain face . winston ( cont ’d ) ( silence ) perhaps some might benefit -- the powerful might be able to parlay good term -- preserve in they country redoubt , out of sight of the swastika fly on Buckingham Palace , over Windsor , drape on this very building - back - bencher 1 never ! winston so I come to you -- to learn you mind in this grave hour . the face of the mp 's be resolute , move , ready to fight . winston ( cont ’d ) you see , we do still have immense reserve and advantage ... a noise begin to build in the room , mumble , turn into shout , over which winston must shout - winston ( cont ’d ) -..and it be point out to I - ( hold up list of name from Underground ) - by my new friend -- that you might even rise up and tear I down be I for one moment to contemplate parley or surrender . a spontaneous round of emotional applause . it surprise winston . it surprise even that who be applaud . winston ( cont ’d ) be they wrong ? all no ! no ! winston then ... then ... then - 92 . the din die down . when silence return ... winston ( cont ’d ) - then -- it appear to be you will also , that if this long island story of ours be to end at last , then it should only be - ( pause , then powerfully -) - when each one of we lie choke in he own blood upon the ground ! a giant hooray go up and the young mps rush up to winston , who be soon swamped by mps shaking he hand , patting he on the back - a massive sign of support . int . war cabinet room / war room - day winston somberly address the war cabinet ( plus ANTHONY eden ) . winston and when I ask to know they mind there occur a demonstration which , consider the character of the gather , quite surprised I . there be no doubt that if we falter at all in the lead of the nation we should all be hurl out of office . I be sure now that every Minister on both side of the house be ready to be kill quite soon , and have all he family and possession destroy , rather than give in . in this they represent almost all the people . it fall to I in this come day and month to express they sentiment . there shall be no negotiate peace ... ( to halifax ) -- and you must each do now as you see fit . ( beat ) I must now address parliament , and I be yet to write a word of my speech . winston grab he silver BOX of match leave earlier on the table - winston ( cont ’d ) there 's the bugger . - then walk out , pass the tall ironside , and clap he on the shoulder . winston ( cont ’d ) '' tiny '' . 93 . general ironside - have he war at last - smile . ironside Sir . eden happily follow he leader now . reaction : halifax . betrayal . chamberlain avoid halifax 's eye . attlee and greenwood smile . int . corridor - war room / elizabeth 's room - day winston walk toward elizabeth layton 's '' shoe - box '' room , knock , open the door , remain in the doorway - winston miss layton ? elizabeth look up from she work - elizabeth Sir ? winston I be in need of you . int . war cabinet room - day halifax detain chamberlain as the cabinet leave the meeting - halifax we must both now resign . Force a vote of no confidence . I have you word ? chamberlain let we -- let we go to the commons first . join we colleague . and speak after the Prime Minister 's address . chamberlain take he coat and leave halifax worried . int . bedroom / 10 downing STREET - day clemmie be get dress , and then turn to look at herself in the mirror , and reveal - - that she be in uniform ( Red Cross ) . 94 , clemmie ( to she reflection ) here lie a woman , who be always tired -- for she live in a world where too much be require . ext . parliament - day camera move in on winston 's parked car , and we gradually hear the sound of - typing . through the window of the car we finally see - winston , dictating to elizabeth layton , she type - writer on she knee go clack , clack , clack . ( winston gesticulates as he compose the crucial word . ) int . common / parliament - day winston address a packed house of common . a crowd of some five hundre listen , with more in the gallery . among the gallery crowd , JOHN evan . elizabeth layton arrive late , and learn over the hand -rail , look down anxiously at - winston , as he launch he final assault - winston turn once again -- to the question of invasion -- I would observe that there have never be a period in all this long century of which we boast , when a absolute guarantee against invasion could have be give to we people . angle on : halifax , in the gallery , keenly watch . winston ( cont ’d ) I have , myself -- full confidence that if all do they duty , if nothing be neglect , and if the best arrangement be make , as they be be make , we shall prove ourselves once more able to defend we island home , to ride out the storm of war , and to outlive the menace of tyranny - int . live room / downing STREET - day clemmie , in she uniform , listen to winston 's broadcast on the radio , as she have she portrait photograph by cecil beaton . she be awkward in front of the camera . 95 . int . buckingham palace - day the king smoke as he listen to the same broadcast . int . house of common chamber - day angle on : which she winston - if necessary for year , if necessary alone . at any rate , that be what we be go to try to do . that be the resolve of his majesty 's government - every man of they . that be the will of parliament and the nation . the british Empire and the french Republic , link together in they cause and in they need , will defend to the death they native soil , aid each other like good comrade to the utmost of they strength . elizabeth , who be '' mouth '' this word , some of already know by heart - winston ( cont ’d ) even though large tract of Europe and many old and famous States have fall or may fall into the grip of the gestapo and all the odious apparatus of Nazi rule , we shall not flag or fail . we shall go on to the end . we shall fight in France - - we shall fight on the seas and ocean , we shall fight with grow confidence and grow strength in the air , we shall defend we island - whatever the cost may be . we shall fight on the beach , we shall fight on the landing grounds , we shall fight in the field and in the street , we shall fight in the hill ; we shall never surrender , and if , which I do not for a moment believe , this island or a large part of it be subjugate and starve , then we Empire beyond the seas , armed and guard by the british fleet , would carry on the struggle , until , in God 's good time , the New World , with all its power and might , step forth to the rescue and the liberation of the old ! 96 . the labour benches begin to wave they papers in the air and call they approval , ( it be against parliamentary etiquette to ever clap in the House of commons ) . winston 's child bang they hand on the woodwork . winston 's conservative colleague all look to chamberlain . close on : halifax , look down from the gallery at chamberlain , close he eye , know what be come next - - chamberlain take out he white handkerchief , and tamp he forehead with it . it 's enough . the conservative faction , ignite , rise to they foot in thunderous support of winston . reaction halifax : defeat . winston turn to ANTHONY eden , register surprise at the strength of support , and wink - eden grin and shake he friend 's hand . eden change you mind ? winston that who never change they mind never change anything . the uproar in the house continue , that in the gallery begin to throw they parliamentary papers into the air which then rain down into the chamber . stanhope what just happen ? halifax he just mobilize the English language -- and send it into battle . every man be on he foot wave they parliamentary papers and throw they into the air , shouting and stamp . smiling with due deference winston take up he thing and walk down the central aisle of the house as papers continue to rain down from the gallery like ticker tape or confetti . as the great door of the common close behind he - the screen become black . up with end caption : 97 . almost all of the 300000 troops at dunkirk be carried home by winston' civilian fleet neville chamberlain died six month later viscount halifax be soon removed by winston from the war cabinet and sent to WASHINGTON on may 8 , five year later , britain and its ally would declare victory within week of victory , churchill and he party be vote out of office by the british people . '' success be not final , failure be not fatal : it be the courage to continue that count . " winston churchill Roll end credit .