darkman written by joshua &amp ; Daniel goldin , Sam &amp ; Ivan raimi and Chuck pfarrer February 1989 int . pier build - day bang !! a shock chord as we cut from black to a harshly toplit close shot : a man be talk into a cellular phone . he be a paunchy but powerful look black man , bald with a gray fringe . his baldness make he head look muscular ; he be a tough man whose life have be shape by the violence of the dock . his name be eddie black . in the distance a foghorn moan . we be pull back . black yeah . .' Cause he 's a asshole . tell he no ... tell he no too ... him , tell fuck you ... yeah ... uh huh ... the continue pull back show that we be inside a huge empty pier building . Black be lean against the roof of he car , which be park in the middle of the vast empty space . the room be light by bare bulb , its farthest reach fall into darkness . black no , I will be a few minute here . guy comin ' up , think he 's gonna muscle I out my property ... do it matter ? just another tough guy ... yeah , okay ... another hard - look man be approach . continued 2 . 1 continued man they be drivin ' up . Black nod . black get they piece . we get a surprise for that fucker . 2 2 ext wharf - day we be tracking towards a chain link fence which be swinging open to admit two midnight blue lincoln continental . the car stop in the foreground and eight man get out , eerily backlit in the mist of the riverfront . 3 3 slow tracking - ROBERT G. durant be a well - dress and immaculately groom man of forty . 4 4 slow tracking - rudy guzman wear a powder blue , polyester leisure suit . his nose have be break several time from he year in the mexican box league . he be almost a contender . 5 5 slow tracking - skip natick walk with a pronounce limp . 6 6 slow tracking - trumayne johnson mc SAM be a large black man with a quiet , study cool . 7 7 slow tracking - rick be a wiry twenty - year old who look about in short , jerky motion . he huddle in behind the other . he be stylishly dress , with slicked back , black hair . his protrude Adams apple bob as he swallow . 3. B slow tracking - smiley 8 wear a permanent psychotic smile . 9 slow tracking - pauly 9 be middle - age and bald . his spare tire hang over the edge of he suit pants . he subdue a belch . he raise a bottle of maalox and slug down fifty cent worth . a ring of white chalky fluid coat he lip . 10 slow tracking - corky corcoran 10 have a thatch of blond hair , he spit out tobacco juice between he wide space front tooth . 11 they be approach by a group of fifteen dock worker , 11 Black 's man , with massive shoulder and grain - sack belly . look like they just get off they shift and now they be ready to kick some ass . dock worker okay , against the car , lady . you be c gonna stand for a search . 12 the eight visitor assume the position , place they 12 hand on the roof of they car . the dock worker pat they down and haul off iron -- lot of it . dock worker # 2 bunch a cuty . dock worker # 3 put skirt on them , I would marry one . from the other dock worker , hearty male laughter . the visitor bare up in silence . 13 int pier build -- night 13 as the visitor be lead in , into the beam of the car headlight , escort by the dock worker . the dock worker take up position around durant and he man . 4. 14 14 black stand wait for they . he eye skip , the limper . black bum leg ? skip no leg . black ( conversationally ) I be engage to a girl with a wooden leg once . skip brighten . skip ( interested ) yeah ? what happen ? black I hadda break it off . 15 15 the dock worker laugh . Black indulge he wen ' laughter , then cut black okay , let 's cut the crap here . durant , I get just three thing to say to you . one he hold up a chubby finger . black I be not sell my property . he flash a second finger . black two. nobody muscle Eddie Black especially a bunch of fuck . he flash a third finger . black ppy number three , if you guy be unha with that , which I can already be , then we can cutcha ball of for if that will be more satisfactory . Â€¢ 6 . 19 19 continued the last shot echoe away to leave silence -- except for the arhythmic echoing scuffle of skip 's one shoe , as he continue to hop in place for balance . smiley , after a watchful pause to make sure everyone be dead , stick out he leave arm at waist level . skip grab the arm for support , stop hopping , and there be now ... total silence . ROBERT G. durant the elegantly suite leader , take out a cigar and a gold - plate cigar trimmer . snip -- he trim the and of the cigar , and stick it in he mouth . as he walk towards the dumbly apprehensive Black : durant now let 's consider my point , one by one ... guzman put a full nelson on Black . trumayne , grab Black 's right hand and hold it out , finger splay , towards durant . durant one ... he slip one of Black 's finger into he cigar trimmer . durant .1 try not to let my anger get the better of I . snip ! Black scream . as durant go for another finger : durant ... two : I do not always succeed . snip ! Black scream . reaching for another finger : durant ... Three : I have get seven more point . 7. 20 2 0 ext wharf - day - long shot look down on the lonely waterfront building , we hear Black 's scream . CUT to : 21 - 21 int westlake lab - day - a enormous eye make jerky little movement this way and that . eyex Pov : a enormous nose we pull focus through the nose , then back to sharp focus again . the nose fill the screen , every pore a cavern , every blemish a mountain . eye blink . nose the nostril flare slightly . eye look . nose still . suddenly it be hit by a flash of light as -- b- deeee -- we hear the automatic wind of a camera and its strobe recharging . b-deeeee ! b-deeee ! we get rapid-fire leave and right nose profile . 22 22 wider we be in a lab . dr . peyton westlake , a earnest scientist in he early thirty , be straighten up from behind a futuristic look , tripod - mount camera . he front the camera and instantly hit a button not of ut . thenfro eof of three print continued S. 22 continued 22 the nose belong to yakitito yanagita a japanese graduate ' student wear a lab smock and glass with thick , coke bottle lense . peyton now , if everything go accord to plan , in a couple of month you nose will be on the lip of every american ... he be feed the print into the input slot of a computer . 22p on the computer screen : 22p the nose be break down into thousand of point . as each point of the nose be remove from the screen , a number be assign . 23 peyton 23 peyton we have finally get the imager work how we want it . 24 we pan to the holographic imaging cylinder . the glass 24 cylinder , wire to the computer , glow to life . 24p a three dimensional holographic image of yakatito 's nose 24p rotate within . 25 peyton glance from the imager to the computer . he type 25 on the computer keyboard . peyton bio-press check out okay ... he glance to ... 26 the bio - PRESS 26 as it hum to life . it be a box contain linear row of densely pack pin . tiny servo-motor beneath the pin allow each pin to rise or fall individually , per computer command . a smooth synthetic substance be be spray evenly atop the surface of the pin . the spray halt ; the wet substance glisten . the densely pack pin rise to program height , molding the solidify synthetic substance into a exact replica of yakatito 's nose . 9. 27 yakitito 27 no more bunching . look perfect . peyton I do not know about perfect , but it look like you nose . down to the millimole ... no , the bio-press will not be a problem . it 's the synthetic would skin 's instability . if the a skinu just hold up -- y give I victim and a photograph of he old face -- he will get more than a nose . we be talk complete reconstruction maybe even damage skin tissue . make he better look . hey , what 's the time ? yakitito fumble for the stopwatch that hang around he neck . yakitito ninety -eight minute and change . peyton let 's check in we friend . peyton move to a microscope . 27p 27p microscope p.o.v . cell swim in a agar-protoplasm bath . 28 28 peyton glance to : 29 29 a computer monitor that be connect to the microscope . ( revised scene # be 2- 17 - 89 ) 10 . v28 " the computer screen read : v28 amino acid content - 64.0 % membrane potential - 120 millivolt DNA content - 00.000047 millimole collagen congener - 22.8 % 29 peyton punch in some data , and ... 29 v29 . the image on the computer screen split . v29 on the leave half , a rotate , three dimensional , computer generate image of a protein molecule . beneath it , the word : epidermis on the right half of the screen , another image form . it be a second molecule . beneath it , the word : synthetic epidermis structural match the molecule rotate in synchronization . a loud beep tone . suddenly , the synthetic molecule begin to waver and spin randomly . 30 30 peyton oh no ... 31 view through microscope 31 the unstable cell fragment . 32 int westlake lab 32 peyton shove himself away from the microscope . peyton fragmentation . time ? yakitito check he stopwatch . yakitito ninety -nine minute . again . continued 11 . 32 32 continued he stare dumbly at the stopwatch , freeze . he repeat , sadly : yakitito .. ninety - nine minute . cell always break up at a ninety - nine minute . he punch away at a keyboard and take the readout . peyton electrolyte , temp and glucose concentration . all normal . yakitito but still this ninety nine minute . yakitito make a notation of the time on a lab sheet . peyton pace , think ; peyton why ? what be destabilize it ? vivification process be cake . tissue rejection ? we lick that . we be close . we be smart guy . so why can not we make this cell stable ? hokay . let 's try a ten percent alkalinity . get that sucker too drunk to fragment . yakitito post the complete lab sheet on a wall cover with hundred of similar sheet . yakitito we already try ten . he poke at a section of lab sheet . yakitito and twenty . and twenty -two ... we try all phase of alkalinity . he punch the wall . continued 12. 32 32 continued yakitito but still a ninety - nine minute ! Three month ago , ninety nine minute . ten month ago ... ninety nine minute ... bam bam ... yakitito punch the wall again and again . peyton calmly tap a plastic dunking bird that slowly bob . peyton a word of advice , yakitito . do not get emotionally involved . watch . analyze . remain object --- bam ! he be cut off as yakitito punch the wall again and again to punctuate he speech . yakitito maybe I be lousy scientist . maybeoi listen to father , get in Anaheim ! get drunk on sake nightly , forget I be failure ! peyton Quick , yakitito . a basketball appear in peyton 's hand . he toss it to camera . yakitito catch the ball . peyton the most strike characteristic of thermionic emission . yakitito throw the ball away . yakitito ke no , always you ask I question to mar I calm down ! I no want to calm down ! continued 32 continued ( 3 ) peyton catch the ball , dribble and throw it back to yakitito . peyton the answer , yakitito . yaxitito snag the ball angrily from the air . yakitito ( furious ) it be most strongly depend on temperature ! he throw it at peyton , who grab it , and pump -fake yakitito , not let he have the ball . peyton go on ! again he pump-fake . yakitito flinch . yakitito this mean the temperature of the emitter be not critical as long as it be sufficiently high and as long as pure metal with high operate temperature such as tungsten or tantalum be use . peyton toss he the ball . yakitito catch it . calm now . he blink . yakitito amazing . it work every time . CUT to : 33 33 int . hunt club lobby - day louis strack sr. , a no -nonsense octogenarian , and he son , louis strack jr. , a powerfully build , debonair fifty , stride into the lobby . they be accompany by a couple of aide . continued 14 . 33 33 continued julie hasting , a young attractive woman who have apparently be await they arrival rise from a chair and cross the lobby to greet they . she be dress in a conservative business suit and carry a briefcase . julie Mr. strack , my name be Julie hastings . I be here from pappas and swain to represent you in the von hoffenstein negotiation . strack JR . how do you do ? and please , call I Louis . this be my father who -- strack sr. interrupt he son 's introduction . strack sr . I do not want some fancy - ass woman to do my negotiate . where 's herb gorson ? julie gorson 's tie up in litigation this week . do not worry -- I have do my homework . strack sr. scowl , ungraciously accept she . strack sr . ( to julie ) I will stop worry when you get von balibreaker 's price down to sixty million ... he turn and start stride down the hallway , the other follow . strack sr . . if he go that low , lock he up . 15 . 34 34 int hunt club private dine . room - day the strack and Julie be seat at a table next to a large picture window that look out on the bridle path . jodhpure equestrian gallop past in the distance . seat across from they be Baron Hugo von hoffenstein , a bald , hook -nose austrian aristocrat with a patrician air and cold beady eye . he be accompany by he attorney myron katz . livery waiter be just clear the table and serve coffee . katz we want to be reasonable here . we say we be interested in sell the pier frontage and we be interested in sell . but frankly Mr. von . will not be rob . seventy - five strike we as a fair price for this parcel . we be ready to conclude a deal here and now at that price . pleasantly : julie then I guess we be only miss one element here . katz what 's that ? julie a interested party . strack Jr. try to suppress a smile . waiter bring in the wine and pour a taste portion for von hoffenstein , silent , coldly watchful . he roll the wine in he glass , eye appraise Julie . he take a sip , cock he head , nod . wine be pour around . julie . Mr. katz , I have find that in the real estate business , three factor determine a property 's worth . continued - a 16 . 34 34 continued katz lean forward , listen . julie ... location . location . and ... location . frankly , you have none of the above . you fair price be fair for midtown commercial , not for riverfront . katz it 's worth more to you client , give he plan for the area . julie if my client can spin straw into gold , he will still pay market price for straw . as a matter of fact -- von hoffensteen -- Business be business . deal vill come and go , but ze vell vill pause for a beautiful voman ... and a fine wine . julie we offer stand at forty -eight . von hoffenstien smile a worldly smile . von hoffinstien let we toast a zale at ze price of zixty million . strack sr. smile . he start to raise he glass , prepare to toast . camera dip incredibly fast beneath the table to reveal Julie 's high heel as it dig into strack sr 's toe to silence he . julie to von hoffenstein : continued 17 . 34 34 continued ( 2 ) julie you be move in the right direction , but we offer stand firm . i believe if anyone have be offer you more than we , you would share this wine with they . she sip the wine and then , frown , turn to the wine steward . julie . there 's be a mistake . we order a bottle of ' 67 beaujolais maison reme . be that not correct ? steward oui madame . ' 67 beaujolais maison reme . be what I have serve . Julie pleasantly but firmly correct he . julie no . you have serve we a 1981 or 1982 . California beaujolais . you 're pleasant , but hardly worth charge ... strack sr. , frown , examine the wine . it 's news to he . steward please , Madame ! I serve the reme ! irritate : strack sr . mine taste okay . katz Ms. hastings , please . the wine be fine . you be way out of you league here . I be sure the wine steward -- von hoffenstein peel from pluck the california back the san meduso 1982 . continued 18. 34 34 continued ( 3 ) the wine steward whisper sharply in french to the waiter , then turn back to the table . steward please forgive we . we bring the bel reme.at once . gratis . Julie address the baron . julie at any rate , we offer stand at forty -eight ... as she rise : julie . and if we can not toast , we prefer not to drink . this gentleman and I have other business to attend to , so if you will excuse we ... strack sr. rise , angrily . he turn to leave with she , murmure under he breath : strack sr . I tell you to make this deal . von hoffenstein call after they he wine glass hold high : von hoffenstein permit I , madame ! too fine a vine not to use for a toast ! CUT to : 35 35 ext . hunt club lobby - day as Julie and the strack be leave , Julie . accidentally brushes against the steward and exchange a few word . strack Jr. have be watch . he approach the steward . strack JR . how much do she pay you ? continued 19 . 35 35 continued steward ( outraged ) monsieur , I do not know what you be talk about ! strack JR . for that little trick with the label . he take the steward fist in he and unfurl the steward 's finger . revealing --a hundre dollar bill . strack Jr. turn to Julie 's retreate figure and smile . CUT to : 36 36 int westlake lab - day - a glass beaker fill with clear fluid . above it be another beaker fill with a brown crystalline substance . above that be a empty beaker . whooosh ! the fluid disappear from the bottom beaker and instantly reconstitute in the top beaker as a steaming brown fluid . 37 37 a pre-measured amount flow down coiled tub into a coffee mug ; a hand enter to add a dollop of half - and - half ... peyton 's hand ... he raise the mug of coffee to he lip . he look down into he microscope . peyton . time , yakitito . yakitito ninety eight minute . a light go out , leave the lab in darkness except for the glow from the computer screen . yakitito . be a bulb . I get a fresh . continued 20 . 37 continued as he rummages in a drawer : yakitito so , do you ask she ? peyton tonight . out of habit , peyton glance back to the microscope . yakitito this be unbelievable ! you be say tonight for week and still you do not ask she ! maybe I ask to marry you . peyton you father would never approve of I . yakitito stare at he in puzzlement . then : yakitito 216 , no , I ask he if gbg marry you . I peyton look through the microscope ; 38 38 microscope Pov the cell still pulsate with life . 39 39 peyton cry out ; peyton time , yakitito ! yakitito huh ?! one hundred minute ! peyton grip at the table with excitement . peyton the cell be hold , yakitito . continued continued ' 22. 41 41 continued peyton ( smiling ) okay , yakitito , you make you point ... yakitito -- yakitito be out of control . yakitito Dr. westlake punch the wall ! Dr. westlake punch the wall ! peyton ( concerned ) quickly . the function of sinusoidal current in electrogenesis ? the basketball appear in yakitito 's hand . yakitito you punch you answer the quesiton . flinch , to c ch t wind back to toss u B e i ball pump - fake to cat ch t he ball . t ever come -- yakitito T N CUT to : 23. 42 int . limousine - day 42 trolling through the city . in the back strack sr. and strack Jr. , both read financial papers . we hold on the two man for a long time . they utter stillness and silence grow unsettle . finally : strack jr. gold kugerand be look attractive . another long pause . strack sr . be that the one with the chocolate center ? another pause . strack JR . ( drily ) gold currency , father , as you know . and yet another pause . strack sr . krugerrand . sound like a frog try to burp . strack industry will stick with real estate . you remember that . 43 the limo 43 suddenly glide into a rundown texaco station . 44 int limousine - texaco station - day 44 strack sr . what the hell ! driver we have a flat , sir . I be sorry . strack sr . you should be . this will come out of you wage . 24 . 45 45 ext . limousine the driver get out and stoops to examine the tire . the tire be ' not flat . the driver discretely remove a straight - razor from he coat pocket and approach the tire . 46 46 int . limousine after a pause , strack sr. rise heavily to he foot . strack sr . time I take a leak anyway . damn prostate . there 's only one thing I gotta do myself and I gotta do it twenty time a day . strack sr. exit the car . 47 47 ext . limousine strack sr. bend to examine the tire . the tire be now deflate . strack sr. ment room . camera move run - down scowl , and head ltoward taaf he be eveal quickly away and come toward he , about twenty foot away : a well -dress man with a newspaper walk hurriedly , head bow to the wind . camera move back to ... continued 25 . 47 continued strack sr . who hobble directly toward the man . camera swishes in front of strack sr. to again reveal . the man closer now . a one - quarter-view of the man 's downturned face . he look up -- revealing durant ! a terrible malevolent grin as he lift he newspaper . we make out the muzzle of a silencer . camera swishes to . close shot of strack sr . a muffle pop as he jerk backward , clutching he chest . high angle the two man pass . 48 int . limousine 48 strack Jr. glance out the window . 49 ext limousine - he Pov 49 strack sr. crumble to the ground atop a black cable . a bell sound continuously within the service station . ding ! ding ! ding ! ding ! strack JR . Father ? strack jr. race out of the car and rush over to he father . strack JR . Father ! strack sr. lie motionless on he stomach . strack Jr. turn he over , revealing that strack sr. 's chest be flood in blood . continued 2-17-1989 ) ( revise scene number 26 . 49 49 continued a screeching SOUND as a midnight blue lincoln Continental race away from the scene . strack jr. lift he father . emotion etched on every line of he face , he cradle the old corpse in he arm , lift he off the black cable , and the ringing sound be finally silence . CUT to : 50 50 ext . STREET westlake lab - night a cab pull up in front of a industrial building . Julie get out and go through the front door . 51 51 int . westlake lab build - night darkness Julie ascend a flight of shadowy stair . the step creak as she climb they . we hear the eerie drip , drip , drip of a water pipe . julie be uneasy . she halt halfway up the stair to listen . we hear only the scurry of cautiously . the lab door Julie reach the landing and knock ... cause the door to open with a creak ... 52 52 int westlake lab - night ... Julie move tentatively through the lab , increasingly frighten , sense the presence of another person . julie peyton ? continued ' Â€¢ 27 . 52 continued 52 no answer . as she start to back towards the door she brushes against a table . something roll and shatter on the floor ...a test -tube . a beam of light extend from one wall to the other . reacting to the shattered test - tube , Julie step backward into the beam . click a photic-sensor pick up the disturbance . crash ! crash ! crash ! corrugate steel covering slide down the window , block out all light from the laboratory ... there 's a whirring SOUND as : speaker extrude slowly from slot over the window . a voice fill the room . it be a hollow Voice that echos about the lab . voice please be seat . a spotlight snap on , illuminate a chair behind she . numbly , she sit in it . a screen tak l in of she . tvoice tak cati nal essono heomonotonousltone ofoatnarrator ofhedu film . voice ve. ow do it work ? a westlake yanigita presentation . a smile spread across Julie 's face . continued 28 . 52 continued ( 2 ) a slide be project on the screen . it show a sunset over the ocean . very corny , distort music over this shot . voice Love . Science be perplex over this great mystery . shot of peyton and yakitito in white lab coat , identical look of perplexity on they , face . Julie laugh . voice what be the cause of love ? how do we detect its presence ? what be its effect ? this be some of the question we will investigate in this lesson . again the sunset and distort music . voice part one . je origin 21 have . the sunset be replace by split-screen photo of peyton and Julie , age twelve . peyton peer into a test - tube through glass too big for he face . Julie assume a mock -debonair pose for the camera . voice this lover first meet on a seventh grade field trip to the planetarium ... shot of the night sky , rich with star and galaxy . voice while the narrator discuss the origin of the universe , peyton hold Julie 's hand . shot of a somewhat nerdy peyton with he arm stiffly around Julie . continued 29 . 52 continued ( 3 ) julie you be so slick . voice we test - subject be soon -- to use the jargon of teenager - - " go out . " this " go out " period can be as short as a single date , or as long as a lifetime . montage of peyton and Julie throughout the year . voice in the case of this two --a rare phenomenon -- it last twenty year . julie although we break up sixteen time . sunset and distort music . voice tua part two . mating rumple bed , the sunset be replace by a shot of Julie on a work on legal brief , a camera - face shadow crossing the image . voice certain object develop a special , share meaning to lover . here be some object significant to we test subject . shot of coffee-rings on a table . voice the coffee ring peyton tend to leave . they irritate Julie , and he leave they everywhere ! Quick shot . coffee ring on a lab report . coffee ring on a book -shelf . coffee ring on a wall and ceiling . Julie laugh . continued 30 . 52 continued ( 4 ) voice yet such minor irritation can strangely become endear to the other mate . julie not just yet they have not . the slide change to a shot of a bottle cover in wax . voice the bottle of dom perignon Champagne Julie give peyton for he twenty - first birthday . now it serve as a candle holder . quietly ; julie I never give you that . the champagne bottle be replace by a shot of a record album turn on a player . the music play over the image . haunting . romantic . voice finally , the single Love in the ark the song continue . Julie smile , sweep away by it . voice this song be play when the two first kiss . a high school prom picture come up on the screen . peyton in a awkwardly fitting tux and Julie , a blossoming beauty . in the slide , they have be catch kissing . voice now let we leave we test - subject . the sunset again . ov in the Dark theme play over it , . and eventually fade away . continued 31 . 52 continued ( 5 ) voice Love . it 's fundamental nature still elude modern Science . yet researcher across the globe continue to study this ancient and powerful phenomenon . hope one day , to unlock love 's mystery . credit come on . a westlake / yanagita presentation . etc. peyton the light in the lab come on . Julie turn around . step out from behind the slide projector . peyton pretty stupid , huh ? julie I think it be beautiful - peyton yakitito help . I just want you to see it . it be just something I want you to . . know . julie I know . peyton wrap he arm about she . Julie move close and they kiss . dissolve to : 53 53 int . westlake lab - night the test - tube vibrate we pan along rack of test - tube - like wind - chime , fall still , then vibrate again ... our pan e. fold -out halt on peyton anï¿½eurl etï¿½ y heircloveamakingï¿½v the test -tube cla h thmy to th dissolve to : 54 54 later that night peyton watch Julie as she sleep , he shadow crossing she beautiful face . he stroke she hair . CUT to : 32 . 55 int westlake lab - morning 55 Sunshine stream through the sheer of the window onto Julie 's shoulder . she sit on the bed go over some papers , she expression increasingly disturb . Julie punch a number into the phone . julie . Dale gorson , please ... peyton 's hand enter with a mug of coffee , which he set on the papers in front of she . julie peyton ! Julie take the mug away ; it have indeed leave a brown circle on the topmost memo . Julie smile at he . then : julie Dale ? yes , Julie hastings ... yes , I find some memo research the von hoffenstein deal that I do not think I be suppose to find ... from the late Mr. strack to a guy name Claude bellasarious . they be record of payment to various people on the zone commission ... peyton , behind she , massage she back . julie . they look like payoff . suspicious , at the very least ... well , the way I would like to proceed be to talk to strack 's son first ... give he the benefit of the doubt . under the circumstance , it 's the least I can do . she hang up . peyton kiss she . she lean back into he arm and close she eye blissfully . reluctantly , she rise and slip on she shoe . peyton watch she admire everything about she . she gracefully lay she legal papers in she briefcase and head for the door . half way out the door she turn to peyton . continued ( revise scene be 2- 17 - 89 ) 33. 55 continued bye . I will call l you tonight . maybe we can get together . she exit . peyton the sound of the close door echos . he sit alone on the ksd , look about the empty apartment and lab beyond . 56 ext . CITY STREET - morning 56 julie in a impressive corporate power suit , briefcase in hand , walk briskl y down the sunny sidewalk , stop at the intersection to sig nal a cab suddenly , run up behind she .. 57 peyton 57 dress in jeans and sweatshirt , hurry to catch up to she . peyton Julie , wait ! she be open the cab door when she turn to he . julie what 's the matter ? peyton I have be think . maybe we should get marry . 58 julie 58 freezes half in and half out of the cab door . panicked . 34 . 58 58 continued julie Marriage - - well , we could do that -- of course , there 's we career -- I man , I be just start to get thing go at the firm . and , you know , I kind of like have my own place -- peyton ' we be practically live together now . all marriage mean be you answer the phone in the and if you to pretend grandmother , it 's a wrong number . the poor woman 's beginning to think she have alzheimer 's . julie ( flustered ) i- - i can not talk about this now ... 59 59 she start to get into the cab when peyton stop she . peyton Julie , I be ask you to marry I . 60 60 the cabbie lean out of the cab to Julie . cabbie he get a ring ? julie end a peyton , you do not go ou anp d you ? lot of money on a ring , di peyton Ring ? oh , no , I do not have a ring . 61 61 the cabbie motion for Julie . she lean close . cabbie ( whisper ) he do not show much sense of commitment . 35 . 62 peyton 62 bend down into frame and give the cabbie a look that would stop a wristwatch . 63 the cabbie 63 respond by start the meter run . peyton I mean , I just now finally realized --- julie I love you , peyton ... she climb into the cab , close the door . peyton - realized how much -- julie ( through the open window ) but I guess I be not ready . 64 Julie lean close to kiss he , but the cab pull into 64 traffic . 65 view through rear windshield 65 julie watch peyton grow smaller as the cab move off . Julie look longingly back at peyton . do she make the right choice ? she back once more for peyton but he be only a tiny dot in the distance . 's 2-17 - 89 ) ( revised scene 36 . 66 omit 67 67 i/e the CITY from strack' office - day from many , many storey up . we be pull back . strack' voice yes , go ahead , put a buy on the kugerand ... thank you for you sympathy , franz . he be a great man . and as long as strack industry flourish my father life on . the pull back show strack behind he power desk , talk no strack into the phone . wave the person on into he lush corporatecoffice 67 67 int strack' office - day strack . very good . thank you . he hang up . strack . miss hastings . have a seat . julie thank you for see I , Mr. strack ... I be -- sorry about you father . I hear last night . strack my father be a great man , and he can get loss be feel by you something ? allfof?us . ( faint smile ) maison reme 1967 ? julie no thank you . Mr. strack , I have be go over some document and I come across something that puzzle I . it 's a memo from you office to a Mr. Claude bellasarious -- it go out over you father 's signature . it detailed certain payment -- strack have get up to pace . continued 37 . 67 67 continued strack yes yes , I know the memo . Julie continue , hesitantly : julie ... it seem like the payment ... be - strack they be pay-off . to the zone commission . bribe , to call a spade a spade . he give she a appraise look . strack . do that shock you ? julie ( quietly ) no . in fact I would surmise as much . strack but it disappoint you . julie well it 's hardly my place to -- strack that 's right , it 's not you place . yet I value you good opinion . julie surely you do not expect I to endorse it . strack course not . I be sure my father never intend for you to know about it . I be sorry if he 's compromise you in any way . but I be ask you to understand . I be not go to bore you with that old speech about how we all have to swim in the same pond . but you know as well as I that continued 38 . 67 continued ( 2 ) strack ( cont 'd ) not so much as one mini-mall ever go up in this city without some grease be laid into the palm downtown . you be not naive ; you know it 's a cost of do business . ordinarily you do not have to face it . well , I face it , and a lot worse , into acynic - - that 's the easy way out , and I be tougher than that . strack gesture towards a table - top architectural model of the riverfront development . strack take a look at that model , Julie . that be my father 's dream . now it 's my dream . acre of riverfront reclaim from decay , thousand of job create , a building block - - a very large building block -- laid for the future . not such a bad dream , as dream go . and if the price of realize that dream be the occasional distasteful chore , well ... ( beat ) . the point be my father be well beyond the reach of the law , but that memo could embarrass strack enterprise . julie all right , you be point be well take . but the fact remain that I be in possession of evidence of the commission of a crime . you can no more ask I to destroy it than I could ask you to destroy one of you building . strack let I suggest this . you excuse yourself for a few minute , go to the lady ' room , leave you briefcase here . what happen to the memorandum while it 's in my custody be my responsibility . continued 39 . 67 continued ( 3 ) Julie smile . julie I wish it be that simple . first of all , I do not have the memo with I . even if I do -- strack it be not safe to have that document . julie be you threaten I ? strack move closer , touch she arm . strack I be try to protect you . do . ( he hesitates , pursing st her. ) he lip , wonder if he can tru do the name Robert durant mean anything to you ? julie he 's a underworld figure -- racketeer , drug . strack a and real-estate . Robert durant be competitor for the river - front and know about that document . he be a criminal , Julie . and he will freelyat resort to criminal method to get he want . there 's a pause . julie and well , you be very eloquent , frankly I be not certain what I should do . you will have to trust I for a day or so to figure this out . continued 40 . 67 continued ( 4 ) strack be that the most I can extract from you ? firmly : julie for now . strack I believe it be . well then , my dear , I be in you hand . CUT to : 68 68 int . hallway of strack' office - day Julie exit the office area and get into a elevator . 69 69 int . elevator strack' build - day julie and two elder women descend in the elevator . Music be pipe in from overhead speaker . it take a moment before Julie realize what she 's hearing : the song IM ir =e dare haunting . sad . as Julie listen , she become more and more affect . old woman # 1 and you know he never say one bad word to that girl . he never do wrong by she . she 's sure sorry now . he be a rare one . old woman # 2 well , you find someone who love you , like Jim love she , you should not give them up so easy . close on julie the woman 's remark be not lose .on she . CUT to : 41 . 70 int westlake lab - day 70 peyton stand over the project microscope image on the computer monitor . peyton time ? yaikitito ninety -six minute . a pause . yakitito so , do you ask she ? peyton ( embarrassed ) not yet , yakitito , not yet . time . yakitito this be unbelievable ! every day -- peyton time , yakitito . yakitito it still ninety six minute ! sound to I that maybe you do not ask she . maybe you afraid ? peyton look , I ask she . she say no , okay ? well , she actually say " I do not know " . peyton stand and stretch . the telephone ring , peyton move to answer it . peyton I will get it . 71 ext payphone - day - julie 71 be beam as she stand at a pay phone wait for peyton to answer . continued 42 . ?1 continued 71 julie please be there peyton . 72 int . westlake lab - day - peyton 72 reach for the phone when . a hand jut out of the shadow and clutches at peyton 's wrist ! voice do not bother . peyton we hold on he shocked face as the phone ring and then stop . click ! a light hit peyton 's face . he turn to look . he Pov a tensor light pauly 's chunky outline flash on in the back of the lab . be reveal . the middle - age , bald man raise hasboitleare of maalox to he lip . hearty gulp . hiteafluid , coat with the chalky with another light come on revealing trumayne . another light rudy guzman . another light reveal the entire gang ; corky corcoran and a grin smiley stand side by side . near they , skip . in the very back be Rick , look a little green around the gill . ( revused scene be 2- 17 - 89 ) 43. 72 continued peyton look wildly about . he Pov pan from skip to rudy to trumayne to -- pauly 's fist , be launch directly into the camera . 73 73 peyton be knock back across the lab table . glassware and equipment fly . pauly pull he up and slam he into the wall . peyton sag down , then haul himself to he knee to behold : gold cigar trimmer snip !-- trimming the end of a cigar , which be then bring to the mouth of ... ROBERT G. durant tower above . durant no foolish heroic , if you please . we have come only for documentstell we where to find the bellasarious memorandum and we shall disappear -- like a nightmare before the break day . peyton ( hoarsely ) I do not know what you be talk about -- 44 . 73 continued bam --bam -- pauly have grab he by the hair and ram he head into the wall twice . 74 durant 74 look sadly down . durant the bellasaurious memorandum if you please ... peyton I tell you , I do not know what you be talk about ! crackle -- yakatito yanagita be thrust into frame , he mouth stretch wide under the plastic bag that cover he head . durant . should you houseboy 's predicament not jog you memory , you may bid he godspeed . peyton stop it ! let he breathe ! durant ( drily ) you hear the doctor : ventilate he . Rick step forward , unholster a gun . point it at the spot where yakatito 's mouth gape under the plastic . peyton surge forward but a vicious backhand blow from pauly send he back to the floor . he raise he face just as -- bam -- a orange flash play on peyton 's horrify feature . thunk ! yakatito drop into frame in front of he . continued 2- 17 - 89 ) ( revise scene be 45 . 74 continued rick with a tremble hand he holster the gun . he withdraw a bottle of pill from he jacket . he shake out two and swallow they dry . trumayne emerge from the bedroom . trumayne bingo ! he wave the coffee-staine document that he have find . durant Fine ... .75 75 trumayne and pauly grab peyton and ram he into the two electrode that lead to a reservoir of blue fluid . peyton 's connect and be electrify . unable to lot go , he shriek a 's he body s75 s75 close shot peyton be hand - stop motion animation his skin peel away from the bone under the intense electrical charge . omit 76 76 omit 77 77 peyton open he mouth , but no sound come out . 78 78 rick's face twitches in horror . 79 79 peyton - stunt double - compressed AIR rig he scream as he hand burst into flame . the electrode that he clutches SNAP and fall into the reservoir of blue fluid which instantly crackle - V ( revise scene #s 2- 17 - 89 ) 46 . 8o flash of white current light up smiley 's beam face . 80 81 peyton . 81 collapse to the floor , atop he flame hand , smother they . 82 durant 82 calmly put out he cigar and open the valve on a green tank label : oxygen . then another : acetylene . he place he electronic lighter under the beak of the drink bird . like a oil rig , the bird 's beak bob closer and closer to the switch on the lighter . peyton pull himself to he knee , cradling the smoking claw that be he hand . durant lift he to he foot . durant please , remain calm . let 's keep this orderly . resistance now would only prompt act of pointless cruelty . durant gesture with a quick movement with he head . guzman and pauly grab firmly ahold of peyton 's leg . they rush he forward and dunk he head into the electrify bath of blue fluid . 83 inside the bath peyton 83 face upside - down , eye bulg . underwater electrical spark course past he . scream bubbles erupt from he mouth . 83a peyton - puppet head 83a the charge blue fluid eat into he skin . continued 's 2-17 - 89 ) ( revised scene 47 . 83b 83b smiley grin with delight . 83c 83c peyton and the electrified bath the scream subside as the electricity short circuit and shut down . peyton 's limp body fall out of frame . 83d 83d durant survey the wreck lab , then hand trumayne he cigar trimmer . softly : durant bring the asian 's finger . ( aloud ; to he men ) . gentlemen ? durant and thug exit . 84 84 peyton lie immobile . the OPEN gas valve hiss , fill the room with the explosive mix of oxygen and acetylene . the drinking bird be beak inch closer to the ignition button on the lighter . peyton stir slightly , he breath a twisted wheeze . slowly , he come to he knee . head and hand trail smoke , he crawl toward the bob bird and lighter . ( revise scene be 2- 17 - 89 ) 48 . 85 ext westlake lab / apartment build - twilight 85 a Midnight blue 1989 Continental pull away . a cab pull up . Julie emerge from the cab and fish in she purse for the fare . the headlight of the limo sweep over she and away . 86 peyton 86 - drag himself past the bay window to within a foot of the bob bird . the hissing of the gas be loud . 86 a 86a the beak of the drinking bird dip closer to the electronic lighter 's ignition button ... 86b 86b peyton crawl to the base of the table which hold the bob bird and lighter . 86c 86c peytone charree and smoking hand fumble for the lighter . 86d 86d extreme close shot - bird beak closer ... closer ... contact . the lighter click . silence . 86e 86e close shot - slow motion 400 frame a second . a tiny spark be bear . it grow . silence . continued ( revise scene 's 2- 17 - 89 ) 49 . 86 ' 86f continued extreme close shot - peytone pupil widen in fear , then contract , respond to a bright silent flash . 37 87 silence - lab wall one thousand lab sheet ignite . be 88 the hidden slide projector be trigger . on the screen flash the slide from the peyton / yakitito presentation ... image of peyton and Julie ... the split-screen picture of the two lover melt as the screen burst into flame 89 89 silence - slow motion - peyton directly between we and the blast . a intense blue light fade up , brilliantly backlight peyton . his stark shadow burn into we . 90 90 silence - sam-o-cam rig - peyton as he be thrust off of he foot , and rockete through the wall . 91 91 silence - ext . peytone build - miniature - night intense blue light flash out of the window and up the chimney into the sky . 91a 91a peyton 's rag doll body spin end over end , upward towards the star . silently . 91b 91b it take a moment for the SOUND of the explosion to catch up with the blast -- kaaaboooommmm !!! noise that make the earth shake . ( revise scene #s 2- 17 - 89 ) 50 . 92 ext . STREET - night - julie 92 be knock to the sidewalk by the shock wave . a flame chair and large brick rain down around she . 93 the sky - peyton dummy - night 93 - peyton 's flame body plummet toward the earth like a comet . _ 94 ext . river - peyton stunt double - night 94 peyton splashes to the fire - light water . 95 ext - river - closer on peyton - night 95 he float like a dead man , flame debris from the building splashing down around he . with a groan , he sink beneath the murky water . b96 julie B 96 Julie pull herself to she foot . she stand in utter shock in a downpour of fork , knife and spoon . before she . p96 p96 - peytone build burn lke a hay stack . offsccreen siren wail . B 97 wider shot - julie - blue screen b97 she stand in shock as . p97 peytone build burn p97 98 98 bit of charree paper - miniature - slow motion float - past she and the burn building beyond . p99 the burning background fade away . night turn to day as tombstone appear on either side of she . the fall bit of paper change to fall leave . ( revise scene s's 2 - 17 - 89 ) 51 . 99a falling bit of paper ( Super against black ) slow motion 99a Change to fall leave . b99 .. julie - blue screen b99 she remain in the exact same position . her business suit become a black suit of mourn . 100 ext . graveyard - close shot - julie - day 100 her expression of shock have not change . in front or she , a marker . it read : " peyton westlake " . camera pull back to reveal . 101 a limousine driver 101 lean against he limousine , look bored . he turn to the gravedigger , a older man , dress in soile work overall who prop himself up on he shovel . limo driver do not see you workin ' out there . gravedigger never find the guy 's body , just a ear . do not take long to bury that . now sometimes when this happen folk ' ] .]. be lookin ' for a discount . but see , it be not the diggin ' that you payin ' for , it 's the real estate . they watch as ... 102 julie 102 button she coat and straighten herself , attempt to gain resolve . she will put this behind she . she walk toward the limousine but be suddenly hammer by grief . her gait waver . racked by sobbing , she fall . tear stream from she eye as she clutches at the grass . 103 a priest 103 help she to she foot . 52 . 104 julie 104 raise she tear soak face and we see the extent of she suffer . 105 ext . graveyard - long - shot - day 105 the tiny figure of the Priest as he place a consol arm around she . they walk off to the wait car . slow fade out : 106 fade in : int hospital burn unit - day 106 blue the undifferentiated blue resolve itself , as a ripplin blue fluid , resembling the acid bath in peyton 's lab . a form emerge from it 's depth ; a completely bandage head break the surface of the fluid . 107 wider 107 a patient be lift from a hydro tank , the complex water vessel in which burn patient be treat . he lie perfectly still , hand and face swathed in gauze ; a 20th - century mummy . tube and wire . poke from he body . we hear the steady beep of a cardiogram . 108 masked burn nurse 108 carefully strap the mummy onto a hydraulically power , multi-axy burn platform . behind he be other bandage patient , some rotate on burn platform , some still submerge in they hydro-tank . 53. 109 109 the resident physician and four intern saunter over to the hydraulic bed where nurse adjust the patient 's i.v. tub . resident here we have a 25 - 30 year - old - male , no i.d. , no medical history . fished the guy out of the river with burn cover over forty percent of he body . his hand and . face be the most severe . 110 110 a burn nurse push a button . Motors grind , the hydraulic platform rotate , slowly spin the mummify man . for a brief moment he be upside down . resident ten year ago , pain from the burn would have be intolerable . the guy would have spend the rest of he scream . now we use the rangeveritz technique ; quite simply , we sever he spino-thalamic nerve ... 111 111 ziiip ! he extend a telescoping steel pointer and to n's bandage ear . indicate a spot just above pey resident . here . which , as you know , transmit neural - impulse of pain and vibratory sense to the brain . 112 , 112 ziiip ! he collapse the pointer and return it to he pocket . 113 113 the hydraulic burn platform continue its slow rotation with the mummify patient now turn sideways . resident no longer receive impulse of pain , you stick he with a pin ... 54 . 114 he jab a sterilize needle deep into the bandage knee . 114 intern gasp . the resident leave the pin in the knee for dramatic effect . resident .and he can not even feel it . with a sharp practice motion , he pluck out the pin . 115 patient's bandaged face 115 his eye still close . no response . resident of course , there be serious emotional side effect to this operation . when the body cease to feel , when so much sensory input be lose , the patient become alienate . the mind , cut off from its regular diet of input , have a never - satisfied thirst ; alienation give rise to loneliness , anger ; uncontrolled rage be not uncommon . and the rage problem be exacerbate by the chemical effect of sever the nerve . now , surge of adrenaline flow uncheck through body and brain -- give he the strength of dozen man . hence the leather restraint . the resident turn and head for the door . the intern follow behind like duckling . 116 I the patient's bandaged face 116 but as it rotate into frame and clang to a halt . between the bandage , the eye pop open , blue and fiercely lucid . it 's peyton . he have hear everything . 117 int . hospital corridor 117 the resident speak over he shoulder to the intern as they walk . continued 55 . 117 continued 117 resident naturally , we give he every chance of recovery . he wave he hand about in futile circle let the intern know that this be the party line . resident . remain optimistic ... inspire confidence ... talk to he about rehabilitation potential ... personally ? I give he a nine on the buzzard scale . 118 the loudspeaker 118 emit a loud warning tone . public address code Blue , burn unit . all doctor report . code Blue , burn unit . 119 the resident and intern 119 freeze for a half - moment , turn and race back the way they come . 120 into hospital corridor # 2 - tracking with two orderlies 120 and there " crash cart " as they race pell mell down the hallway , rub conductive jelly between the defibrilator paddle . 121 into burn unit - a hospital curtain 121 be open violently by a nurse . her jaw drop in disbelief . doctor and technician rush into the room and freeze . 122 the resident 122 be the last to arrive . he can not see above the head of the technician and intern . continued ( revise scene number 2- 17 - 89 ) 56 . 122 continued resident alright , move . I be in charge here ! lemme through ! he push he way to the front of the crowd and blink stupidly at the camera . 123 peytone hydraulic platform . 123 loose bandage , tear leather restraint , and tangle e.k.g. wire dangle aimlessly in the wind ; a bright flash of lightning illuminate the empty hydraulic bed . I 124 the resident's hair 124 be suddenly blow back by a gust of wind . confused , he look up from the bed and out the open window . b124 through the OPEN window b124 Dark storm cloud billow over the city . Thunder crash . 125 125 omit 126 ext . alley entrance / empty STREET - dusk 126 Thunder rumble and it begin to rain . a delirious peyton , now wear a ratty black overcoat , stagger and fall into a oily mud puddle . 127 close shot peyton 127 he slowly raise he bandage face from the mud . desperate eye peer out from a slit in the muddy bandage . he force himself to stand and move onward . he stop in he track . 128 he Pov across the STREET - julie' brownstone apartment 128 Julie step from the stylish foyer and open she umbrella . peytone eye grow misty . he stagger across the street after she . 57 . 129 129 julie terrify at the sight of ... 130 130 a hideous hand clutching at she shoulder . scar tendon and hand bone poke from unravel bandage . they grip tighter seek help . repulsed , Julie spin to see . 131 131 dark figure / peyton a vague , unrecognizable shape in the shadow . from it come the awful sound of a inhuman voice , a unintelligible guttural rasp : dark figure / peyton juuuuulieeeeee . heeeeeeeelp meeeeeee ... 132 132 julie a gasp catch in she throat , back away ... 133 133 peyton remove he offend recoil , from she behind he back . horror-hand andtuck eitlshamefully S peyton ( almost intelligible rasp ) it 's meeeeeee . 134 3.34 julie move quickly away , she hand protect she throat . her fear be mix with pity as she turn away from this monstrous man . continued 58 . 134 134 continued peyton ( a intelligible rasp ) it 's I . but she be too far away to hear . 135 135 high shot from twenty stories above the CITY STREET in the downpour , the two tiny figure below turn and warm move quickly from of the brown t , Â°theaotherrto thetshadowshof the alley CUT to : 136 136 ext . CITY STREET - night a bandage peyton emerge from a cloud of fog in the worsen rain . 137 137 a laughing couple rush from a posh restaurant , past peyton , and into a wait taxi . 138 138 ext STREET - titan crane - wind fan - peytone lonely eye despair . pull t follow they . he 's overcome look like the last d distance that peyton to such a great t man on Earth . CUT to : 139 139 ext . alley - wind fan - night rain pound the surface of the alley , hurricane hard . gutterspout gush torrent of water . aeflattttenedf wind , cardboard box be whisk away by a revealing ... ( revise scene number 2- 17 - 89 ) 59 . 140 peyton 140 who have be huddle beneath it . a lose man . he cough and stare blankly at ... 141 a sewer drain 141 inch from he face . rain water spin round and round in a whirlpool . a scrap of newspaper be sweep into the current . 142 peyton 142 stare at it . 143 closer on spinning newspaper 143 it bear a picture of he own face . 144 peytone bandaged eye 144 widen . 145 closer on newspaper 145 it snag on a stick , revealing the picture 's headline : scientist die in accidental blast / body still miss . 146 ext . alley - long shot - peyton 146 lie in the alley , stare at the whirlpool . it rain . CUT to : 147 int westlake lab / apartment - day 147 the char door fall toward we , and into the ash of peyton 's lab / apartment . b147 i/e westlake lab / wall hole - day b147 outside lab . 60 . 148 148 peyton stand in the doorway wear the black tatter overcoat and bandage . he gape at the wreckage of he former world . 149 149 yakatito' coke -bottle eyeglasses twisted from the heat . 150 150 peyton pick up a overturn end table and set it right . ' re , have start to pick up a overturn chair when the futility of it hit he . 151 151 he bandaged finger relax , let the char chair fall back into the ash . 152 152 peyton i rorr reflect he move to a scorched andbï¿½heenm he face a no and gauze from to the bandage face . he pull peer at he reflection . we be not privy but it horrify he . he shake in a choke sob . we move down to the ash to reveal ... a photograph of peyton and julie and ful - but in the photo , J be lbli teredaand scarch . i peytone face 153 S S 153 peyton grab the , picture . in a fire ravage voice ; peyton when I be W do you still love I , now W can no u just some repulsive thing yo longer recognize ? when I sicken you . when you run . a glint catch he eye . he turn . #s 2- 17 - 89 ) ( revised 5 zene 61 . 154 154 durant gold lighter etal finger clutch twisted and scorched . the lighter and it ey to he on ' seskel 155 155 peytone eye lose they dull , wounded appearance . anger build . hin adrenaline surge . a emotion awaken from deep wit the prititive portion of he brain , he " rage spot " . rage ! he shake as it flood he . 156 156 a vein stand out on he forehead , swell with blood , heaving ad. to the frantic pace of he heart ... he clutches he he 157 157 crack ! gigantic radiating fissure appear in the wall ... the ceiling ... the floor ... everywhere peyton look . he turn to we suddenly . the camera rocket in to he dark pupil . within the blackness , we perceive -- 157a 157a the camera rocket in - to he dark pupil . within the blackness , we perceive - 158 158 the optic nerve - miniature - computer control rig our view move deeper along the nerve till we come to of the arterial plexus . we follow the pulsate artery they wind back , through the darker corridor of he brain , to the blood brain barrier . 159 159 electrical nerve impulse bombard the barrier , flash upon this receive I wall of the brain . zap ! flash ! flash ! ( revise sore 's 2- 17 - 89 ) 62 . 160 the twxze image bend back upon one another in startling 160 succession . we catch glimpsis of 160a volcano erupting , 160a 160e mathematical formulas , 160b 160c Julie as lover / goddess / whore : 160c 160D explosinus of brick and flame . 160D 160e operate room surgeon above we , cut -- durant as chief 160e surgeon â €ž a cigar stick out through a ho le cut in he mask ... 160f the leer head of the durant gang poke throughlaughingk 160f fissure in the wall ... elongate nec s... insanely . 160g camera racing in towards peyton 's bandage face six time , peyton 160g same move , superfast ranting and rave , shaking rhis a fist be at be the a heaven with biblical wrath . but we can not hear he . we pull back from he pupil to reveal ... 161 peyton 161 sit , in the ash on the floor of he lab / apartment . there be no fissure in the wall or ceiling . peyton be frame by the bay window . b161 the city light behind he . during the b161 psychic rage bur 's p st arkle , nignu fall peytone bandaged hand close over the lighter . his mouth twist from it 's pain grimace , past the neutral position , form a tiny smile . his eye gleam wickedly . a foghorn moan from the river . the darkman be bear . 162 blackout - int grand ballroom - night 162 the blackness turn out to innard trombone - - we be pull ba ck be trem dslofta reveal that we be at a party . ( revisect scene 's 2-i7=89 ) ' Â° 63. 162 contiizted 162 the band play , many couple dance , other chat around the bar . the bandleader wrap up the song . polite applause . continued pull back reveal the beam face of governor bryant a red-face man in he late forty . he sit at the head of a crowded table . on the table a huge cake , elaborately construct in the sleek shape of a sleek , modern skyline . the same as the model on strack 's desk . the governor cut one of the skyscraper neatly in half with the knife . loud applause the Governor pass the piece to louis strack JR . who sit at he side . governor ( to strack ) as usual , Louis , you get the first piece of the action . laughter ... strack take a bite from the building 's top floor . governor Louis , I want to take this opportunity to express my gratitude , my extreme gratitude -- strack ( to the crowd ) he 's talk about my campaign contribution -- loud laughter . the Governor wave it away . governor I be talk about the Riverside development program . Louis , you have breathe new life into a neighborhood long ago lose to the democrat . 64 . 163 163 int . woman' powder room the band be faintly hear . Julie stand before the mirror and practice a convincing smile . beside she , a young woman pout to the mirror as she apply lipstick . the woman exit through the tile archway . her shadow meet that of a man' . Julie watch the happy shadow embrace , kiss and move off . she stand immobilize , overcome . 164 164 grand ballroom - the stair -- night - long shot a beautiful woman float down a set of marble stair . 165 165 head turn . it 's ... 166 166 julie wear a tight fitting , formal black dress . she force a smile . she look unhappy , but she look good . she sit at a bar a little away from the party area . julie vodka and lime , please . a double . a business man , flushed with drink , observe she . he move to the seat beside she . businessman drown you sorrow , eh ? julie just give they something to swim around in . she drink the vodka quickly . she sigh . businessman why don ' ya tell all you trouble to old jimbo ? julie please remove you hand . the businessman have he hand on she thigh ; it crawl upward . continued 65 . 166 continued 166 another hand clamp firmly down on he shoulder and spin he around . businessman ( angry ) hey , what the -- louis strack , jr. stand before he . distinguish and dapper , look ` better than ever . he give he famous grin . it 's worth a million dollar . strack Ferguson , you have have too much to drink . businessman right away , Mr. strack . chasten , he beat a hasty retreat . strack turn to Julie . julie thanks for get rid of that guy . strack thank you for come . I be glad you be here . he take she by the arm and start to lead she across the crowded floor . strack I have not want to bother you during you period of grief , but I have to know whether you have come to a decision regard the belasarius memorandum . continued 66 . 166 contsrud ( 2 ) julie the decision 's be make for both of we . the papers be destroy in the fire . I want to forget all about that -- strack ( thinks ) the fire -- the whole thing . . I be quite disturb by it . I can not help but wonder . julie what ? strack do you remember when I mention a certain competitor of mine , Robert G. durant ? julie no. no. I have consider it . but the police rule out arson . it burn hot . a gas fire . there be a acetylene leak -- the tiniest spark could have -- she break off , get choke up . strack 's manner be sympathetic and solemn . strack believe I , I be no stranger to the frustration and anguish that come from the loss of a love one . he force himself to rally he spirit . strack my dear , there 's no cure for grief except time -- he take - she by the hand . strack ... but there be something that ease the symptom . it 's call ... he sweep she out onto the dance floor . strack . Dancing ! 67 . 167 167 on the dance floor julie finally smile . strack ur Julie , I be quite impressed with yo performance in the von hoffenstein negotiation . outstanding . I believe in instinct . I like yours . I want you to think about something . no need to decide now . but I would like staff . you as a member of my permanent that 's very flatter , my but swain -- commitment to pappas strack I have already speak to Ed pappas . julie ( hotly ) you have no right -- strack do not be childish , I have every right . he do not want to lose you -- say he will fight tooth and nail to keep you at the firm . good ! I like a good scrap ! if it 's not worth fight for it 's not worth have . just consider that I will not be outbid . think about T it . I know you , hastings . yoyou be why ready for something g- we understand each other ? ( take she arm ) because we both work for it . we both sweat for it . he increase he grip and lower he voice , take she into he confidence . strack E we both know what it 's like to bethe of the bottom . well now I be of ridt ut . top , and I m offer you continued 68 . 167 continued julie resent be grip and lecture to and yet ... she sense in strack , a power and magnetism that hold she . julie I will consider it ... strack smile . as he sweep she around , she eye catch something . her face tighten . julie Mr. strack , I do not want to alarm you , but who be that man , speak with the Governor ? strack turn to look . strack ( seething ) what 's bg do here ? swish pan from strack 's freeze expression ... through a blur of dancer to : ROBERT durant chat with the governor . he catch strack 's eye . strack hold eye contact for a moment . strack that , my dear , be Robert durant . durant smile . CUT to : ( revise scene number 2- 17 - 89 ) 69 . 168 ext rick's apartment 168 Rick 's car pull in . he climb out and walk toward the front door of he building . the sound of a foot on gravel . he glance behind he . 169 rick's car 169 in the shadowy lot . nothing else . 170 rick 170 turn he head swiftly to a pass shadow . 171 empty STREET 171 wind gust dead leave across the pavement . 172 rick 172 shudder . shake off he nerve . he fish about in he breast pocket and remove a bottle of prescription pill . rick I gotta take it easy . he pop two into he mouth , and swallow they dry . he enter the apartment building . 173 int . rick's apartment -- bedroom -- later 173 Rick lie asleep . the tv be on in the background , play loud static . camera slowly pan to ... 5174 s174 wooden blind the wind gust , cause the shutter to clatter . 70 . 175 175 a crackle of electricity as the tv snap ' off . 176 176 rick jerk awake . the place be suddenly totally dark . rick ( nerve frying ) who 's there ? he get up , look around . a small and evil laugh reverberatesvin the aguelydhumanssit'st chill Rick to the core . guttural , the fire-ravaged laugh of the darkman . Rick call to the shadow ; rick ( hysterical ) what do you want ? darkman ou we be gonna play a little game . it 's tell call show and tell . first , y I everything . 177 177 from the blackness something char and twisted emerge . it 's darforn 's n the burnt skeletal claw . a hideous sight , see first time . a derange digit da tend to stroke Rick 's face , then retract into the darkman uh huh . then I show you ... how to scream . a terrifying pause . then : Rick scream as he leg fall out from under he . camera pan down to reveal : 71 . 178 a skeletal claw 178 drag a kick , scream Rick under the bed . 179 179 under the bed - horizontal view of bandaged darxman nose to nose with Rick . darkman peel the bandage from he mouth to reveal a gape maw of burnt , crooked tooth . dar man ( FIRE -ravaged voice ) you always know there be something like I under the bed . CUT to : 180 int . rick's apartment - later 180 a corner of rick's room - partially demolished a badly beat Rick hurl through frame and slam into the corner . 181 181 darkman' skeletal fist smash into the wall like fly pile driver around rick's head : smash ! smash ! smash ! smash ! plaster crack and fly . Rick 's bleed face twitches in fear , on sanity 's edge . rick ( whimpering ) but I give you the name . where they live ... I tell you everything . darkman 's eye leer at we . 72 . 182 continued darkman ( sympathetically ) I know you do ... the eye come close . closer . darkman ( with dark joy ) . but let 's pretend you do not . his skeletal claw clamp down over the camera lens - blackness . CUT to : 182 182 ext . night - row of stone gargoyle perch high atop a building . the bandage darkman be also there , flanke by the stone creature . he be ringing he hand together in angst . Fire ravage voice : darinan I have be bad . he look to the moody sky . inky cloud drift past overhead . 183 183 int . julie' apartment - bedroom - night the light of a street - lamp dimly illuminate Julie , asleep in bed . she sigh in she sleep and gently she dream . turn away from some disquieting presence in or be it in the room ? we hear the click of a lock , wind rush in ... then stillness . a deformed shadow crawl along the wall , drop down over Julie 's form . continued 13. 183 continued the dar1n a few swathed in bandage , stare . stand over the bed , y la over the age ' but chord - from Love in the Dark p distort now , ominous . darknan reach out and delicately touch Julie 's hair with a skeletal claw - - a twisted reprise of the earlierher sscene . in instinctively hand . Julie shiver and darka â–ºan quickly y R a long time . we move in on darkm , a stand motionless for he face . the bandage below he eye be moist . the darkman brushes at the tear-stain bandage with the back of he gnarled hand . darioman ( a whisper ) Julie ... Julie continue to sleep . dark 4 a I need you . he glance down to ... close shot - photo of peyton and julie he try to brush away the burn-matter obring he face in the photograph . he close he eye then quietly ; peyton my face back . even I have get to have if it 's only for ninety - nine minute . julie suddenly sit up from a dream and cry ; julie peyton ... ' continued 74 . 183 183 continued her Pov the curtain flutter in the wind . she be alone . CUT to : 184 184 ext . CITY STREET - morning dar man be Pov - over a shopping cart people give he a wide berth on the sidewalk as they pass by . a mother protectively pull she child back , away from the cart . we turn off , into . a alleyway as it twist , and grow narrow . tracking with the shopping cart as it wind through the alley . it 's fill with char electronics salvage from the wreckage of peyton 's lab ; beaker , tub , computer part , walkman tape recorder , the holographic cylinder and bio-press . the shopping cart bang to a halt against a condemned sign upon a steel door . a bolt cutter be raise from the cart . snip . 75 . 185 185 int warehouse blackness &amp ; wylight , briht the steel door slide open , dletting esert iwa rehouse revealing the interior the darkman appear silhouett in the doorway . he push the sh e p cart into the warehouse and disappear into 's into a shaft of light . camera past th t he darkness . darkness . he step rarr tt y up he old an. to andage for dangle gauze , he survey the cavernous interior . a spotted cat down stroke it . the cat meow at he foot . he off with reach shtoe scratch he and run long shot - darin look about the place , satisfied . darkman ( in a fire - ravaged voice ) Home . CUT to : deep in the ground a flash - light click on revealing a elaborate system of high voltage cylinder ... darkman carefully connect one no ofnanrinsulated cord to the metal base of one of the y continued 76 . 185 185 continued dariman ' S bandaged hand throw a switch . a single bulb flicker on in the far rear of the warehouse casting the darkman 's face half in light , half shadow . with he skeletal claw , he stroke he bandage chin . dart a all I need be one , clear , picture . he move to a salvage photograph album . as he flip through the page we see that most of the photograph be bubble with charcoal . the few that be not show peyton 's face only by partially -- one cut off by someone 's shoulder , another e the frame of the picture ... the last picture eye juli er on he shoulder laugh -- coveripg peyt hand . peyton throw the album against the wall . he turn back to the original burn photo . darxman this will have to do . dissolve to : 186 186 tnt . warehouse - night our view move across a slummy version of Dr. peyton westlake 's lab--reassembled by darkman . dar mw slide the char photo of himself through the input slot of a computer . 2- 17 - 89 ) ( revise some be 77 . v187 v187 on the screen appear a line draw of the photograph . as peyton punch in information : omit 188 be $ omit p189 darkmn lab h189 . h189 a holograph of peytone face materialize in a slightly scorched glass cylinder , revolve in sync to the image on the computer screen . the face be partially char , malformed -- like the photograph , except in three dimension . v190 v190 darxman tap in data that appear on the computer screen : extrapolate leave lower quadrant " C " to lower quadrant " D . " extrapolate quadrant " F " to quadrant " E . " ignore light variable . 8.7 millimole . scale : 1.38 millimole etc . the computer hum and beeps ... the screen blank and the follow information appear . reconstitution will take 71 hour and 57 minute . p191 p191 our view curve up to : h191 h191 the holograph before we very eye , it change slightly -- grow imperceptibly more detailed , sharper . dissolve to : 192 192 darkman prepare a batch of liquid skin . he peer down into the microscope . one hand hold something just off frame . darkaman lift he head and sniff at a wisp of smoke . camera pan with he continued 2- 17 - 89 ) ( revise scene number 78 . 192 192 continued glance to ... his outstretched hand boney finger poke through the bandage as he gently skin over the flame of a swirl a test t he to no tice be hand have l for aile B bunsen unsen burner . be burn . darkman and studie 's the pull he handay ois the lack of of ormal rmal S he smolder digit . n he etly ; sensation . qui darkman my hand .. they take my hand . he sit on the lab stool study he char palm in the dark . p193 p193 darkman lab h 193 h 193 hologram in the time that have pass , the image of peyton 's face be grow more 194 194 the computer screen beside it read ; reconstruction will take 61 hour and 11 minute . camera pan to . 195 195 darkman sit on the lab stool in the exact same position , in still study he gnarled knuckle . sunlight pour quickly the lab from a small ceiling window . he turn ble up from he a and face the cat . a small , soundh .u ravage larynx ; a deep , CUT to : ( revise scene number 2- 17 - 89 ) 79 . 196 196 ext . onassis coney island restaurant - day compressed shot through window of restaurant . the extreme telephoto show we pauly eat a chili dog at a booth . he 's look for somebody . skip and guzman enter the restaurant and take the seat across from he . guzman slide a briefcase under the table to pauly . pauly downs the butt end of the chili dog and wash it down with a maalox chaser . he take the briefcase and exit . click -- freeze all three as they exit in black and white . 197 reverse - ext alley - day 197 darkman disguise as a bagman , in a alley across the street from the restaurant , peer through a camera . he Pov 197a 197a skip and guzman go in one direction , pauly in another . click -- freeze the moment . 197b 197e click -- pauly move away , carry the briefcase . click -- he look to he right , and click -- to he leave . 197c 197c close - up : pauly' hand swinging slightly as it carry the briefcase . the final click of the shutter be hear on the matching CUT to : 198 198 pauly' hand well back to reveal it be now a photograph soaking in a shallow tray of develop fluid . continued 2- 17 - 89 ) ( revise scene number 80 . 198 198 continued the cat t a as enter frame , atop a lab table . camera track Si ac not . on a other e it pass between row of photograph of pauly ' hand which hang drip from a clothesli clothes - line be picture of all the other gang member , take at different place and time . Â€¢ the cat leap straight through . p198 p198 darkman lab h198 h198 the turning holograph of peytone head -- the feature more define now , more recognizable -- 199 199 the cat land on another lab table , where it suddenly halt and arch it 's spot back as a bandage . hand set down a open can of tuna . the cat move to the tuna but look up fearfully . 200 200 the bandaged rand move . close to pet the cat . 201 201 the cat scratch at the hand and spit . the hand withdraw . the cat eat the tuna warily . 202 202 computer input slot Front and side-view photo of pauly 's hand be suck into a second char and patch - up computer . v203 v203 on computer screen 's hand be be fill in with a line draw of pauly contour and subtle shading . ( revise scete be 2- 17 - 89 ) 81 . p204 p204 dark mn lab h204 h204 within the slightly scorched glass cylinder a hologram of pauly 's hand flicker to life , turn in sync with the one on the computer screen . 205 205 the salvaged bio - PRESS synthetic skin be spray onto the surface of the press . the pin in the press rise to computer - determine height , molding the harden synthetic skin . 206 206 darkman' bandaged hand enter frame ; he unwrap the bandage . 207 207 used hand bandage form a pile atop the lab table . 208 208 a forcep remove what look like a wet , flesh color surgical glove from the bio-press . 209 209 the nasty bone digit of darkman 's hand snake into the glove . 210 210 darkman smooth the wrinkle synthetic skin and hold up he " new " hand . it be a flawless imitation of pauly 's . he raise it to he eye . they - shine fiercely . 211 211 darkman ' S " new " hand begin unravel the bandage that cover he head . 212 212 the cat be look up from a defensive crouch . back arched , it start to back away . 82. 213 213 computer keyboard E a no one king one " pauly tthe " ke board .sit edsoundeofnbonewst together be a h ving . rie y and unner plastic . be strange 214 214 on computer monitor a line draw of pauly 's face appear . it turn into : 215 215 a matching close shot ---the real pauly in he bed sleep . a shadow pass over he . 216 23.6 a glove hand anad ief over hi press a chlorofrmed ohgnï¿ ½ theh alarm clock rlngsh nose . be struggle . the pauly sink into a deep chloroform from hisdfaceï¿½ glove hand remove the the only sound be the ticking of the clock . we pull back to reveal that we be : 217 217 int . pauly' bedroom - dawn the bandage figure of the darkman stand over a unconscious pauly . 218 218 darkman it with the remove a suitcase shutï¿½t . from hiskratty b lack pauly 's clothes , latch Â€¢ overcoat , he remove . 219 219 two first CLASS airline ticket he place they atop the suitcase . 220 220 int . pauly' bathroom - day R- he face the mummify darkman isreflected carefully unwrap the than it be 's , the complexion a sh sould be . ptheyskin aulittle ï¿½tighter little better . 83. 221 2 21 darxmanipauly pull the stop-watch from he pocket and start it . 222 222 digital stop - watch it tick off the second . 223 223 darkmanjpauly he 's t e k c of p to watch a handfulrof pauly 'ss the medicine cabinet cologne . CUT to : 224 - day - 224 int . onassis coney island restaurant darkman / pauly sit alone at the booth . he check the artificial skin on he hand , then glance to he stop - watch . 225 225 digital stop -watch it read : 35 minute . he pocket the watch as : 226 226 skip and guzman enter . they take seat across from he . skip seem angry . skip be . durant want to know where Rick he 's really hot about it -- really hot . do not ask I why -- the old man really like Rick . you know where Rick be ? he be look at darkman / pauly . continued 84 . 1 226 continued darkman / pauly shrug a exaggerated " haw - would - I - know ? " guzman be too angry to notice . guzman durant piss I off . how de hell should we know where Rick be ? what be we , de baby-sitter ? he place the briefcase on the floor and be about to slide it across , but hesitates . he eye darkman / pauly suspiciously . guzman you okay , pauly ? you look funny . darxman / pauly shrug , reach into he pocket , pull out a bottle of maalox , and take a slug . guzman slide the briefcase across the floor to darkman / pauly . darkman / pauly , without say a word , take the briefcase and exit . skip what 's with he ? CUT to : 227 227 int . pauly' bedroom - day pauly ? darxman / pauly ? blink several time , stare quizzically around he , look confuse . pauly' Pov --his own bedroom , blurry , spin slightly . as the room start to settle : 228 228 crash ! the door be kick off its hinge revealing guzman . 85 . 229 229 pauly be sit up in bed . although phhet just hwak 's c be dress in a suit and tie . lothes , then look quizzically up at guzman . guzman lift pauly from the bed and shove he into a chair . pauly look up to see : durant glaring down at he . durant pauly ... we have be very concerned about . you . pauly do not have a clue . but the display of muscle be not lose on he . he clutches at he sore head and moan : pauly hey , Mr. durant ... ( glance at clock ) - y , I guess I must oversleep . I be sorr I miss the pick - up , huh ? durant where be the money , pauly ? pauly ( desperate ) P. what money ? I do not make the pick -u durant cross to the suitcase and pick up one of the airline ticket . his smile be strain . continued 86 . 229 continued durant Rio ... and first class . how delightful . ( pick up other ticket ) n a , and one for Rick . well , this explain he disappearance . durant glance to guzman who open pauly 's packed suitcase . pauly hey , I do not know nothing about that ... I -- durant where be the money , pauly ? pauly what money ?! I swear to God , Mr. durant , I do not make the pick -up ! I be right here sleepin ' ... Jesus , I swear to God !! 230 230 durant tuck the ticket into pauly 's jacket . durant well , pauly , I would not want you to miss you flight . 213 231 ext . high rise - day pauly - stunt double crash !!! pauly crash through the window on the 23rd floor . 232 232 ext . high rise - day pauly dummy his body twist in the air , hurtle toward the ground . ( revise scene number 2- 17 - 89 ) 87 b233 close on pauly - blue screen 8233 falling , try to find the air to shriek as . p234 p234 the skyscraper blur past . 235 pauly' p.o.v 235 the sidewalk rush up at we with increase velocity ... 236 ext . STREET - day 236 pauly 's body hit the sidewalk with a thud . his dead eye stare out at we , bewilder . 237 a shocked woman 237 look up from pauly 's dead face to a nearby park - bench . 238 238 shocked woman be p.o.v. panning from dead pauly to live pauly / darkman , who sit and watch calmly . 239 239 the woman shriek and shriek . she have to be . restrain by the crowd . 240 240 pauly / darkman turn away from the crowd of gavker gather around the body . his eye widen in alarm . his synthetic cheek be melting where the bright sunlight hit it . a bubbling skin blister crack open and smoke . his hand cover the blister . he pull the stopwatch from he pocket . 241 241 the stopwatch it read : 98 minute 88. { 242 242 pauly / darm still clutching . the briefcase of cash , jog into the cool dark of a alley . a thin wisp of smoke trail behind to the darkness . he as-he disappear in CUT to : 243 243 int . julie' apt . Julie be shrugging off she coat to reveal a stun evening dress . she head across the room toward a roll bar . julie I want to thank you for a lovely evening , Louis . it 's be a long time since I have be able to really enjoy myself - - to forget ... can I offer you a drink ? we pan the room to reveal strack , just inside the front door . strack thank you , whiskey neat . he take off he coat . strack ... would it be all right if I use you telephone ? julie it 's on the etagere ... strack have already find it and be dial . strack did franz ... Louis strack here what gold close at in Zurich ? play ... for fifty - insai ou no kru no krug rrandsawhe the market th ousa e n orn . open in the m strack . hang up the phone and turn towards Julie . continued 89 . 243 contiru strack E have not feel this alive since the day of the Silver put and t of remember call . ' course you be too you a over - the - that . I guess I be jus hill financier try to recapture a few moment from he glory day . Julie hand strack a drink . julie do not be childish , Louis , it 's unbecome to fish for compliment . strack laugh good - naturedly . strack like that ine . you away fanything . do not eleame get he sigh and sit down on the sofa , sip he drink and T look across at Julie . strack NK you know , as much as I would like to thi differently , i suppose I be not above the occasional childish bid for attention . juliesmile . julie like anyone else . strack like anyone else indeed . in all respects . it 's difficult , somettiimess , be in a position of power -- people defer to you , people tell you what short , , they think you want of you humanity ... â€¢ they rob you of y you will accuse I of plead for sympathy again . julie no , I understand ... continued 243 continued ( 2 ) strack turn away , set he drink on a coaster . he notice peyton 's gift . the music BOX he open the top . the love in the dark theme play . julie and strack listen . Julie be affect by it . she set down the drink . julie .. be you ever marry , Louis ? strack yes . once upon a time . married and in love -- deeply , deeply in love ... julie I what happen ? strack I lose she ... julie I be sorry . strack strain to conceal the bitterness of he grief . strack private aircraft . over the smokey . painless . Quick . utterly pointless . you can fight a disease . another man ? you can fight that too . but this ... quietly , _within himself : continued ( revise scene #s 2- 17 - 89 ) 91 . 243 contmoue D ( 3 ) strack ... I do not like thing I can not fight . they eye meet , both united by loss . julie it must have be a terrible time . I wonder how you understand . about I . you have be very patient . and very kind . strack smile warmly . he take she hand . strack God help we when there 's no more room in this world for a little kindness ... 244 244 pull back through the window of Julie 's apartment as strack draw Julie into a embrace , to reveal : 244a 244a the dareman Hidden in the shadowy bush . his face be flood with pain . dissolve to : s245 s245 int . darkman' warehouse skeletal finger impatiently tap !-tap !- tapl upon the lab table . CUT to : 246 246 a eye it fill the screen . the pupil a black abyss . the capillary red river . cutto : - 2- 17 - 89 ) ( revise scene be 92 . R 247 247 synthetic skin molecule enlarge a million time , configure in a agar protoplasm bath . CUT to : 248 248 the eye float , the pupil darting nervously about . darxm ( vo ) ( FIRE -ravaged voice ) le .rema - okay ... okay ... remain stab 249 249 synthetic skin molecule fragment . 250 250 digital stopwatch T it read : 99 minute . s251 5251 skeletal finger al. halt in mid tap . camera pull back to reve 252 252 darfman freeze , above the microscope . 253 253 the cat meow in fear . 5254 5254 darkman clu tch shout look at he carbonize claw in disgust . they at he bandage skull . he stand suddenly and to the empty warehouse : ( revise scene #s 2- 17 - 89 ) 93. 6.3 dabbxan s255 i've be robbed ! that bastard take ... everything . 256 256 the c= arch its back in fear . dabxman ( anguish ) . she could not even bear to look at I . . . s257 s257 darkmm spin sharply to the cat , the vein on he temple pulsate . darkman . what am I , some kind of circus freak !? I 46 258 the cat bound away with a cry , seek shelter behind a crate . s259 s259 darkman call after it ; dar114m be that it ?! maybe I should be wear some funny little hat ! he do a angry jig for the cat . darkman pay five buck . see the dancing freak ! 260 260 the cat poke its head out to watch . ( revise scene nuder 2 - 17 - 89 ) 94 . 261 261 darkmai rip a water pipe from the wall with a terrible the wrenching . sound . , Water gush out . be a shatter crate with the pipe and again , but halt as he see he reflection in the grow puddle . s262 - s262 dariq'ian tuq reflection in the puddle . it be the image of a madman . s263 s263 darkman stagger to a post , he - bandage face catch half in light and shadow - - a man at war with inner demon . he slam he head against the post . darkman I 've got -- bam ! darman -- to get -- bam ! dabxman -- control ! bam ! he take in a deep breath and concentrate on he . 264 264 hand he force it to.unclench . dariq ( a I get to keep a lid on it . the pipe fall . 95 . s2l , $ 265 darkman move to a cooler light . dar man ( quiet ) Control the rage . analyze . wait . think objectively . I be a scientist . I be a scientist . he stare at . 266 266 the hundred of lab sheet the pile of discard petri dish . s267 s267 darkman with less conviction : darkman .i be ... a scientist . suddenly : beep , beep , beep ... darkman turn . camera swishes ; at the and of the lab : 268 268 the computer screen flash a message --reconstitution complete . at the same time : p269 p269 darimm lab h269 h269 the hologram of peyton 's head cease to revolve . every element of peyton 's face be exactly as we remember it . he smile charmingly at darkman . ( revise scene be 2- 17 - 89 ) 96 . p2 7 0 darkman lab p2r h270 dar ' ian 11270 move toward he old self , stare in wonder . Love jii th Dark theme come on the sound track as we : dissolve to : 271 ext . cemetery - day - wide shot of julie 272 walk along a quiet path . the music continue ... Julie stop . she stare misty - eye at ... 272 peytone marker 272 Julie reach down and place a wreath of flower on it . her eye tear . voice ( o.s. ) Julie . she spin to face this intruder into she quiet grief . 273 her Pov 273 peyton --his face restore , ' the peyton she know -- smile warmly at she . 274 julie 274 stare . she take a step towards he . she stop , immobilize . her jaw drop . her eye roll up into she head and she faint . quick fade to black . 275 quick fade in ; peyton 275 be gently slapping the side of Julie 's face . gradually Julie regains consciousness . julie ( thickly ) peyton ... peyton ... continued 97 . 275 continued peyton Julie ... julie be it really ...? peyton I - - I be sorry ... I do not know how to tell you ... julie I think you be dead ... peyton dead I be in a burn ward -- wa 's burn . a ae - to the world . I bad . julie you look the same . you look fine . peyton I be the same . I a fine . I ... 276 27 6 omit " 277 277 he glance at he watch . he grow intense . the darkman stare through he blue eye . I peyton need need to e the Z same with with know if thing could i B we . julie of course they can . but I do not understand . where --- peyton e please , rythi I tell you justl need little ve ryth ' time . 278 278 peytone eye widen in alarm . he turn one side of he face sharply away from Julie . 98 . 279 279 he synthetic cheek be melting where the bright sunlight have burn through be the dapple of graveyard tree . a bubbling skin bliste crack open and smoke . his hand cover it . julie sold I , peyton . hold I and never let I go . I have be so unhappy and I want you to hold I forever . 280 280 peyton be lurching to he foot . peyton sweetheart . . I be sorry . 281 281 julie be stunne , bewilder . julie peyton ... 282 282 her p.o.v . - low angle - peyton be already hotfoot it away across the graveyard , one g hand clamp to he face , plunging on towards the soothin darkness of the wood . CUT to : 283 283 int . a bedroom the light be romantically dim . continued 99 . 283 283 continuid peyton aid julie move into each other ' arm . julie peyton , it 's like you be never go . I be happy again , and it 's like the time in between never happen . peyton it never happen . it be a bad dream . they kiss passionately . have in the Dark theme come on . our view circle the lover ... as we pass around Julie over to peyton -- who be no longer peyton , but transformed into : the darkman he horrible scar face press against Julie 's . . then let out a Julie 's eye open . she reel back . ear - piercing scream of primal terror . CUT to : 284 284 the darkman bolt up from sleep , sweat though he facial bandage . the vein in he temple throbbing , eye livid as a beast 's . CUT to : 285 285 int . durant house professional hand busily perform the process of . durant , cradling a taxidermy . camera pan up to . telephone to he shoulder , talk as he work . durant ( o.s. ) ( gruff ) it 's durant . Robert G. durant . continued 285 285 contin he grasp a offscreen object with the tweezers andit remove it from the formaldehyde solution . he pat dry with a white cloth . durant ( o.s. ) get rudy on the phone . uh huh. rudy ... listen . just shut up and listen . you get a little gift from Chinatown , today ? no ? well that coney that pauly take be really stingin ' my ass ... uh huh . no . we do it my way . you tell hung fat that I be come by tomorrow to make the pick - up personally . either he cough green or he become part of my collection . durant hand he place the object in a box , line with red velvet . he take a long , admire look . we get only a glimpse . a collection of sixteen finger and arrange in neat littl e row professionally preserve box - h he close the cover S someestill wi T 286 286 ext . durant home - night a shadowy form lurk by a telephone pole by the front of the house . phone juncture BOX a electronic bug attach to one of the terminal give off a flash red light . a wire from the bug lead to ... a charree walkman tape -recorder its microcassette spin . filter through it we hear durant 's phone conversation continue . continued 101 . 286 286 continued durant voice ( os ) it would be a nice addition . guzman' voice Jew want I to be at you place ... around 8:30 ? durant voice that would be just fine for I . we be tracking off the cassette up a long cord that lead to a pair of headsets wear by darkman . his eye glisten through the slit of he bandage . a set of hand enter frame and crack he viciously across the head . he sprawl backward , catch off guard . a switch blade be shove against he bandage throat . mugger 1 ( o.s. ) hey shithead , give up the radio . and the money . like lighten , a skeletal claw lash out . the bony pincer snap close upon mugger 2 's wrist . the pincer twist sharply and we hear the awful crack of the mugger 's wrist shatter . darkman' eye gleam like a shark as it bite . mugger # 1 scream , drop the switchblade to the pavement . continued 102 . 286 continued ( 2 ) darkman turn to mugger # 2 , as he pull down the bandage from around he mouth , revealing : a terrible maw of black and crooked tooth , attach to a lipless jawbone . it jerk ... and word come out : dariqrman ( FIRE -ravaged voice ) run for you life . the muggers flee in fear . dare 4 a contort he face into a ghastly interpretation of a smile , and slip back into the shadow . CUT to : Â€¢287 287 ext . outdoor cafe - day - peyton and julie sit at a table drink coffee and share a slice of pie . julie but why do you have to stay at this burn center ? you can stay at my place now . 288 288 julie' hand 0 . close around peyton 's -- real skin on synthetic skin . peyton ( quickly ) no ! no , it 's best , for now , till all the kink have be smoothe out --- continued 103 . 288 continued julie -( puzzle ) -- kink . peyton glance at he watch . 97 minute . julie peyton , I still do not understand . why do not you come back to see I before now ? peyton well ... it 's like I tell you . the burn leave some scar and ... I be ashamed . afraid . I be afraid that you would not want I anymore . julie of course I still want you . peyton but ... what if I be ... burn . so horribly burn , that you could not stand to look at I . could not stand to have I touch you . what then ? julie well ... if that be the case ... I do not know . but why even ask I that ? the point be : you be fine . you back . just like always . she smile . peyton be fill with the warmth of be accept and want once again . vibrantly ; peyton yeah . I be back , be not I ? just like always . 289 int . warehouse - night 289 we pan past the lab table , cluttere with empty pizza box and a tangle mass of use bandage . continued 104 . 289 continued from offscreen we hear durant 's record voice : durant voice that would be just fine for I . the cat sleep . we hear the garble chatter of the audio tape be rewound . we be pan past the walkman , which be wire to the computer . the tape stop , then , as program , play again . durant voice that would be just fine for I . we pan past the back of the darkman 's head . the - bandage have be remove . although he face be not visible , the singe hairless back of he skull be . it be not a pretty sight . R the darkman swab a thick white paste , silvidine burn ointment , upon he skeletal finger . durant voice that would be just fine for I . the darkman switch off the desk lamp and remove a mask from a black lightproof bag . he examine it , return the mask to the bag , then slip it into he coat . the camera arc around to see the bottom half of he skeletal face . durant voice that would be ... click -- the darkman stop the tape mid-sentence and he own hideously char mandible finish it : darkman .. just fine for I . continued ï¿½cw . for ( revise scene be 2- 17 - 89 ) 105 . 289 continued ( 2 ) the impression be good , though slightly thick . the darkman stroke he jawbone thoughtfully . CUT to : p290 black -and -white view through rotating security camera p290 we be look at a convenience store from the high angle of a video camera . the harshly light store have aisle of cheese whiz , twinky , shampoos and various other thing not find in nature . 290 a digital readout at the bottom of the screen blink : 290 7:36 a.m. 291 enter frame 291 her set they on the counte before the lone erk . R clerk wanna bag for that ? durant that would be just fine for I . 292 the clerk bag the pizza as durant pull out a 292 revolver from he suit coat . the clerk take a fearful step back . clerk hey-hey , take it easy , buddy ! durant name be not buddy . it 's durant . he wait for the video security camera to pan to he and stop . he cheat in toward the lens for a good clear close - up that fill the screen .. . Robert G. durant 293 int durant house 293 close shot --durant match the previous shot except that it be in color . he be speak to someone just off camera . continued 106 . 293 continued durant yeah , I '.m Robert G. durant ... the camera be pull back to reveal that he be two stand in the open doorway of he home , face cop . he glance at he watch . durant .. but I be in a hurry . get a meeting at nine . cop # 1 ( smiling ) you be gonna be late . as cop 2 slap a pair of cuff ondurant . CUT to : 294 294 int . midnight blue continental - day trumayne be drive . we pan from he to rudy to ... a gold cigar trimmer snip a cigar . we follow it up to the mouth of Robert G. durant . his temple pulsate faintly . 295 295 ext chinese restaurant - day a large sign above the entrance read : " the mandarin " . the Continental pull up to the curb . trumayne wait in the car as guzman and darkman / durant step out into the bright morning sunshine . darman / durant hesitates , calculate the intensity of the sunlight . he sneak a glance at he watch . close on watch it read ; 90 minute . continued ( revise scene be 2- 17 - 89 ) 107 . 295 continua the dar1 a follow â €¢ l'uzman into the restaurant . CUT to : 296 296 ext . police station the real durant move angrily down the step . his mouthpiece , marvin katz , accompany he . katz .had it all on film . I almost do not get them to post bail . durant just keep them out of my hair . katz hey where you go ? real durant the driver : jump into a wait taxi cab and bellow at durant the mandarin ! fast ! the cab peel out . CUT to : 297 297 int . mandarin restaurant - day hung fat , dress in a finely tailore white linen suit and smoking a long brown cigarette , smile in greeting . hung PAT wahbuht ! so good of you to favor I with you venerate presence ! please honor I by seating yourself in my shabby chair ! darkman / durant remain impassively stand . continued 108 . 297 continued hung PAT . or do I the great honor of remain on you foot ! durant / dariqian the money . hung fat the money ! yes ! wahbuht ! how I tremble with shame . how I hide my face . he elaborately do so with he hand . guzman Studies durant / darkman with uncertainty . after another beat of uncomfortable silence , he decide to begin for he boss . guzman we no here for de bullshit , we here to pick up de money and thas what we do . F the darian glance up at the harsh fluorescent light . he run a. hand across the artificial flesh 'of he face , check for sign of decomposition . he sneak a look to he ... watch 93 minute . hung fat how I regret have to burden you with my miserable difficulty ! I have no money ! the darkman 's eye shift . he be not expect this . hung fat be wait for a explosion . there be none . sense a advantage , he press on . continued 109 . 297 continued ( 2 ) hung fat . the white powder no longer flow in ii former volume . all a member of tong languish in poverty ... guzman Studies the darkman hard . how can he tolerate this ? hung fat and of all you unworthy servant , hung fat be the most destitute ... as if in response to some silent signal , four enormous and muscular chinese man enter and stand , arm cross , in a threaten posture . even hung fat 's own minable slave sometimes ignore he wish , and attack that people whom hung fat cherish most deeply ! wahbuht , they know nothing of we golden friendship ! guzman be look from hung fat to durant / darkman ; what 's wrong ? why do not he do something ? hung fat so until that shine day -- may it soon come ! -- when I shall once again be able to honor you with bounty , I bid you goodbye ! good bye , wahbuht ! he be shaking he hand , press he advantage , invade he physical space and make mockery of he ! hung fat .. wahbuht , goodbye ! rudy can not believe he eye . continued 110 . 297 continued ( 3 ) the darxman let hung fat pump he hand like a idiot . hung fat drop he hand . it dangle lamely at he side . the darkman walk over to a bamboo chair and slump . close he eye and sigh . he remove a cigar from he breast pocket . with he eye close : darx24 a you will bring I the five million dollar by the time I finish this cigar . hung fat but wahbuht -- snip ' . hung fat flinch at what he see . the camera pan to the sound . the cigar to a third of its the darkman have just snippe d and puff . former size . he light hung fat his mock smile disappear as he see ... extreme close shot --the cigar' glowing tip it fill the bottom of the frame . above , fill the top half of the frame : the darkman 's evil eye , through the rippling heat of the cigar . they intensity pierce the shroud of smoke and burn hole into hung fat 's soul . hung fat dumbly nod . without a trace of a accent : hung fat . okay , Bob , you win . 298 298 ext . stet durant fps from he taxi , stall in morning traffic . he pushew he way roughly through the crowd , toward hung fat 's mandarin cuisine at the end of the block . CUT to : 299 299 int . mantarin cuisine durant/d xnan' cigar be extinguish in a ashtray as a briefcase be set down alongside it . place there by a burly vhinese warrior who take a step back , alongside hung fat . durant / darkman grab the case . as he exit the office with guzman he sneak a look at : the digital stopwatch it read : 97 minute . click. 98 minute . dur . ant / dart a and guzman head for the revolve door . 300 300 durant / darkman ' S face a tiny skin blister have bubble up on he light - sensitive facial mask . his hand come up to smooth it out . 301 301 body guard ( o.s. ) hey you ! durant / darkman spin , catch . continued 112 . 301 continue a burly chinese body - guard approach quickly , point at durant / darkman 's face . body guard hold it ! he reach into a pocket , pull out ... ... durant 's monogramm lighter , which he hand to durant / darkman . body guard you lighter . CUT to : 302 302 ext mandarin restaurant - real durant as he run up to trumayne and smiley who be wait in the continetal . real durant where be he ?! trumayne where 's who ?! real durant guzman . trumayne I think he be with you ! real durant sprint for the restaurant . .cut to : 303 303 int mandarin restaurant - durant / darkman clutching the briefcase as he follow guzman through the revolve door . guzman exit onto the street . but as durant / darkman revolve through the door , he slam suddenly to a halt . in the next chamber of the revolve door he see ... continued 113. 303 continued real durwt whose disbely face move closer to get a better look . the two durant dress identically , stare at each other through the glass in eerie confrontation . guzman stand upon the sidewalk , gape in wonder . guzman dios mio ! aye que papa ! durant / darxman shove the door forward , dislodge the stunne Real durant . he rotate past guzman and point to the Real durant , revolve behind he . durant / darfman shoot he !!! guzman draw he gun and wait , sweat . real durant T o spin past the incredulous he to the durant shoot he . Real durant point real durant shoot he !!! the revolve door whirl faster . round he go . guzman nod , recalibrate he order and stand ready to fire . continued 114 . 303 continued ( 2 ) durant / darkman spin past he . durant / darkman shoot he !!! guzman do not know who to plug . 304 motion control rig - durant 304 leap out onto the street . a second durant leap out onto the street . they face each other . who 's who ? it 's impossible to tell . only the briefcase of cash distinguish one from the other . the two durant go directly for each other 's throat . the briefcase fall to the ground . they call to guzman . real durant don't just stand there ... Real durant 's face be spun out of frame and replace with durant / darkman 's exact replica . durant / darkman .do something !! guzman wave he gun back and forth , from one durant to the other . continued ( revise scene #s 2- 17 - 89 ) 115 . 304 continued durant slam durant 's face against the brick wall of the restaurant . one durant fall to the pavement , clutching he head , groggy . guzman raise a uncertain gun to the stand durant . b3 04 b304 stand durant backhand guzman viciously across the face --crack ! stand durant Son of a bitch set I up with the cop and you practically hand he the cash ! guzman watch warily as stand durant pick up the briefcase . stand durant ( furious with what the hell you lookin'at ?! shoot the bastard ! ! p3 04 p304 guzman retrain he gun on the fall durant who cover he face . but before he fire , he give a final glance to stand durant . 305 305 stand durant the sunward side of he face be bubbling and blister , revealing glimpsis of a skull beneath . 116 . 306 306 stand durant / darkman what be you , deaf ?! he note a wisp of smoke and know the jig be up . he slam the briefcase into guzman 's face -- thwack ! -- knock he to the ground . the darkman sprint down the sidewalk through the crowd . real durant climb to he foot , hold he bleed head . he backhand guzman across the face -- crack ! he grab guzman 's gun and run after he alter-ego . guzman woozily pull a snub nose .45 from he ankle holster and gamely follow . durant / darxman race down the street , leave a thin trail of yellow smoke . he halt at a busy intersection . Cars speed past . no way to cross . he turn to the sound of gunshot . blammity -blam ! real durant gun in hand , and close fast . a cart file with crate be wheeled directly in he path . Real durant gracefully leap atop the crate , and never let up he rain of fire , spring from they . while in free-fall , he eject the spend cartridge and snap in a fresh clip . he land . fire ! blammity -bam ! blammity -bam ! blammity -bam ! 117 . 307 307 the coin operate newsstand we in a shower next hear the frighten scatter . 308 308 darkman' face be in the process of cellular fragmentation . his mask emit tiny jet of blue flame . he run for a subway entrance . 309 309 durant and guzman they be gun - follow after the th they fire e at nce . tote T umayne . dalll three of of R blammity -bam ! blammity -bam ! blammity -bam ! 310 310 int . subway - stair to the train platform darkman take a bullet in the arm . although he can not h feel it , the knock away bloody . he wound he touch close shot - darkman / durant his smoking face reveal no pain , only puzzlement . he vault over the turnstile and race down the platform . 311 311 int . subway - stair to the train platform durant , rudy , and trumayne note the blood as they reload . durant get you . continued 118. 311 contib ' ed they ju p the turnstile with gun draw and look about for the darkman . commuter scatter . durant spot something lie on the platform . he pick it up . the th33 no be slim and translucent . durant hold it to the light . it 's the mask of he own face . it smolder and melt . he f1 lig it away . 312 312 the melting facial mask stick to the tile wall of the subway next to guzman and trumayne . durant 's nose and cheek melt together into a sicken goo . 313 313 guzman and trumayne step back , sicken . guzman ( nauseated ) I cago en dios , I can no believe dis shit . durant note drop of blood which lead off the platform and down into the dark subway tunnel . rudy we be not go in dere be we ?! durant pull a tiny penlight from he pocket and leap from the platform onto the track bed . 314 314 int . subway tunnel Dark , dank , spooky . durant carry the penlight . guzman and trumayne follow reluctantly . continued 119 . 314 continued I guzman ( whining ) goddamn it man ... we follow some pendejo without a face ... into a goddamn hole in de ground ... durant hold up he hand commanding silence as - they come to a intersection of subway tunnel . both lead into darkness . they listen , but all be quiet . they speak in hushed tone . trumayne now what ? durant you go that way . we will take this one . trumayne do not look too thrilled by the prospect of be alone in the tunnel . trumayne alone ? durant no . take a fuck squad of marine with you ! durant toss he the penlight . hard . casually he light a cigar and continue forward . trumayne watch durant and guzman disappear down the tunnel . the sound of they footstep recede . trumayne 's breathe be shallow . he loosen he necktie and unbutton he collar . he take a breath . continued 120 . 314 continued ( 2 ) trumayne okay . 315 315 he advance silently through the tunnel ... ta- ckang ! clang ! trumayne flinch . he point the penlight in the direction of the clanging sound . he Pov it a empty wine bottle at he foot be illuminate . roll to a stop against the tunnel wall . he listen . silence . trumayne gettin ' jumpy . like Rick . a faint cough come from the blackness ahead . trumayne raise the penlight . the feeble light beam can not pierce he darkness . trumayne bend down and pick up the bottle , keep he fearful eye on the darkness ahead . the cough again . trumayne heave the bottle at the sound . 316 316 slow motion - wine bottle as it tumble end over end into the darkness . 121. 317 317 trum1 waitsr the crash , ready to fire at anything that move .. - he Black . no sound . trumayne still wait , nerve on edge . where 's the crash ?! he poy the oppressive dark . trumayne shudder something in the darkness have swallow the bottle . he begin to back out of the tunnel the way he come . he freeze in the center of a tunnel intersection at the sound of footstep . crunch on gravel ; approach . he finger the gun 's trigger . empty tunnel on all side . the footstep quicken . trumayne Mr. durant ?! panicked , trumayne shine he light in front of he . empty tunnel . the footstep come faster , closer . trumayne guzman ?! he jerk he penlight to the tunnel behind he . nothing . continued ( revise scene 's 2- 17 - 89 ) 122. 317 317 continue - to he right ... nothing . to he leave ... nothing . he 's try to see all the tunnel at once . he spin desperately , fire into each of they . gun barrel spit flame --blam ! a tunnel be illuminate by the brilliant flash of the gun . empty . the light fade . gun barrel spin and fire -- boom ! trumayne's eye be light up . craze with fear . the illumination fade . gun barrel spin and spit spark -- beam ! another tunnel illuminate -- empty . the light fade . gun barrel blam ! p318 p318 tunnel ( melting ) b318 b318 the darkman . . illuminated . . unmasked ! the split-second flash have catch he pounce in mid-air . continued ( revise scene . 2- 17 - 89 ) 123. .. , : b318 contin D for the first time , we see the complete nightmare . only the uppw right quarter of peyton 's face remain intact . perfect . , handsome . but as for the rest ... the 3i , a be a hairless skull , cover with random bit of scaranf char . without the benefit of gum or lip , the entire 3ength of he tooth be expose down to the root , connec g crookedly to the jaw bone . one ear remain intact , the other a burnt hole . only the rudimentary cartile form the nose . but it be the wild eyeball protruig obscenely from the bone of they socket , that tell tba , story . there , lie madness ; a dark river of evil rage . CUT to : 319 319 durant and guzman they hear trumayne 's throaty scream , then silence . they run toird the sound . when they arrive , they see only the penlight lay upon the track bed . it 's dull glow shine upon the wet wall of the tunnel . nearby they find the gun and one of trumayne 's shoe . guzman' eye look like saucer . durant even look a little scared . guzman oh shit , man . what do he do , man ... eat he ? from the tunnel ahead , footstep approach . the two man squint , attempt to pierce the blackness . guzman trumayne ?! the footstep grow louder . closer . guzman . hey , amigo , that chew ?! from the darkness , a figure emerge and run at they . continued 124 . 319 continued durant and guzman raise they rod and blast : blammity -blam ! blammity -blam ! the dark figure , lurch and collapse upon the tie . a shaft of light reveal it to be ... trumayne gag , with he hand tie behind he back , a wild look of terror in he dead eye . durant and guzman gape stupidly at the body before they . they glance fearfully to one another through the fog of gunsmoke . durant look about , get control , load a fresh clip into he gun with a echoing SNAP . guzman wave he arm in surrender . guzman good bye . das it . I be outta here ... durant grab he . durant where the hell be you go ? guzman pull free . continued ( revise scene water 2- 17 - 89 ) 127 . 322 continued wooooooodoooooooooooooi!1!!11 durant look wildly over he shoulder as he run for he life . 323 323 the trailf two thousand ton of unforgive steel be barrel down upon he . one hundred foot away and close ... thirty foot ten ... 324 324 the front wheel of the train roar atop the track . durant 's foot slower move , enter view just ahead . b325 b325 tracking with darkman' boney jaw lit by the fly blue spark it emit a evil laugh . tunnel wall zip past in the background . 326 326 pulling durant he run , the train gigantic behind he . durant 's face be stretch in panic . the cigar be still in he mouth , between clench tooth . he fix on something ahead . 327 327 he Pov - a section of raised subway track in the middle of the track , a shallow depression . 328 328 durant feet run only a shoe 's length ahead of the sparking wheel . 329 329 pulling durant as he desperately leap for the depression in the track . he appear to go down right under the train . 128. 330 330 under the track - durant hugging the shallow depression . be he low enough ? the underside of the train come roaring over we . vr00000000 MI the train begin its long roar past . we hear a agonized scream that be either the train or durant -- or some ungodly combination . the tunnel wall be illuminate with a flash of light . white . black . white . from the light pour out the pass train window . train wheel throw blue spark into the darkness . low angle the long subway train roll into the distance . it 's rumble fade . quiet . durant 's cigar smoulder on the track . 331 331 durant himself rise quietly into frame . his suit be still clean . he appear remarkably unscathed . he run a hand through he hair , turn and walk slowly along the track . that 's when we see he back : the train have rake off the fabric of he suit and pants , expose bare back and buttock . somehow maintain he dignity , durant pick up the smoulder cigar from the track . he take a puff and move off . CUT to : 129 . 332 332 int . warehouse darkman sit with the phone faintly ringing against he ear . something frantic about he , the vein in he fore - head , faintly beat . while he wait for the other party to answer , he cut into the painless wound on he arm with a surgical instrument , digging for something . finally Julie 's voice come on : darkman julie we cut from darkman 's ravage monster - face to : 333 333 julie beautiful as ever . julie -- peyton ! where have you be ? why have not you call ? 334 334 back to the monster face : darkman ( intense ) can I - - can I see you ? clink ! the bullet be dislodge from the wound and drop on the table . CUT to : 335 335 people scream various close shot of scream patron on the tilt-a a - whirl , they face hideously distort by wind , centrifugal force , and they mouth stretch wide to scream . merry-go-round horse various close shot of leer horse bob up and down . we be at a carnival . continued 130 . 335 continued peyton laugh , he face restore , walk down the midway , one arm drape over Julie 's shoulder . she laugh with he . peyton glance at he watch . julie put away that watch or I will think you do not like I anymore . oh , peyton , let 's spend the whole day together -- the whole week ! a beat . peyton I have get to tell you , Julie ... I have get to tell you something about -- about I -- how I have change . Julie turn . peyton in the fire -- I -- I a voice offscreen rise above the general noise : voice ( os ) see the mutant man , half man , half beast ! Witness this prodigy of science with you own eye ! peyton whirl around . peyton be Pov - a sideshow barker solicit pedestrian to a side - show . julie what ? peyton ( quickly ; nervous ) never mind . julie what 's go on , peyton ? what be you keep from I ? continued 131 . 335 cont ( 2 ) peyton are at Julie . he can not bring himself to tell she . peyton ( suddenly impulsive ) c'mon , I be go to win you the biggest ' fuzziest pinkiest animal doll on that rack . something you will - be truly embarrassed to own ... and then I have get to run . they have stop in front of a booth where softball get toss at bottle pyramid . peyton lay down a dollar and be hand three ball . julie why do you always have to run ? peyton look at the pyramid , avoid she look . he throw the first ball ; miss . - peyton i. have my treatment ... I be not a hundred percent cure yet -- but I soon will be . he throw the second ball ; miss . julie can I take you back to the burn center ? peyton 's vein begin to throb faintly . peyton no ! no , please . I do not want you to see I there . I do not want you to think of I as ... a invalid or ... some kind of f--ff-fff--freak ! on that word he throw the last ball with great force . the pyramid explode . peyton , breathe heavily , take a moment to collect himself , then say quietly to the booth attendant : continued 132 . 335 continued ( 3 ) peyton ... the pink elephant , please . the bored attendant , a cigarette dangle from he lower lip , shake he head . attendant sorry buddy . it do not count if you be not stand behind that line . peyton I be behind the line . attendant not hardly . 336 336 peytone vein pulse . 337 337 peyton I be stand right here . next to my girlfriend . now . the pink elephant , .if you please ! attendant na way . Julie tug at he sleeve . julie peyton , it do not matter . peyton be fight to contain he rage . in clipped word , between gasp for breath : peyton it matter . I win a pink elephant . for my girlfriend . julie peyton ... it 's okay ... attendant get lose , buddy . 133. 338 338 brief cut people scream on the tilt -a - whirl . merry - go-round horse bob up and down . calliope music get louder and louder . 339 339 peytonn shake under the pressure of contain rage , he vein bulg , throbbing . under he - breath : 340 340 peyton the elephant ... quickly ! the attendant unwisely push two finger into peyton 's chest . we rocket into a close shot of the offend digit . from of fscreen , we hear the attendant 's voice : attendant you hear I , weirdo . get lose ! 341 341 crack ! the counter dissolves into a million fissure , as do the stuff animal on the shelf above . 342 342 peytone face twitch violently , vein swollen to burst . the camera race into a eyeball to find : 343 343 people scream 344 344 horse bobbing 345 345 clown laughing , do a jig in a funny hat 346 346 rocket back out to : peyton scream . a skin blister bubbles on he cheek . 134 . 347 347 attendant's two finger against peyton 's chest . peyton grab they and -- crack - break they . 348 348 wider the attendant scream . peyton scream with he . Julie scream as well . 349 349 peyton reach for the attendant , lift he into the air , hurl he into another pyramid , which collapse . 350 350 fuzzy pink elephant be yank violently from the shelf . 351 351 peyton shove it at Julie . in a voice hoarse with rage : peyton take it ! 135 . 352 352 another skin blister open . julie peyton ! no ! peyton ' take it ! 353 353 his face be start to send off wisp of smoke . julie please ! peyton take the fucking elephant !! 354 354 she be look at he , freeze in horror . 355 355 his face be erupting into boil , which simmer and pop , give off burst of smoke . 356 356 peyton stare at she . rage ebb . his eye become haunt . hoarsely : peyton forgive I ! he run off , the fuzzy pink elephant still clasped , forget , beneath one arm . 357 357 Julie run after he . julie peyton ! 358 358 ext . STREET darxman disappear around a corner , trail thin wisp of smoke . 136 . 359 ext . warehouse - alley 359 darkman rush down the darken alley , unlock the warehouse door and rush inside . camera pan to : 360 julie 360 who have see it all from the shadow . 361 int . warehouse 361 there 's a horrible ripping noise . darkman be destroy something , flail he arm ... .creak . 362 darkman' eye 362 roll toward the noise . he step back into the shadow . 363 int . warehouse 363 Julie slip through a warehouse window . she be confront by rack upon rack of clothing , shoe , body pad , and wig . the place look like the wardrobe room of a major studio . julie peyton ?! 364 no answer . she cautiously advance . her eye fall 364 upon something that make she gasp . 365 the pink elephant 365 rip to shred , it 's white stuff all over the place . 366 he move forward towards a darken corner of 366 the lab . continued 137 . 366 366 continued julie ( swallowing her fear ) peyton ?! I need to talk to you . she halt at a site in front of she . julie dear god. 3 67 367 the darkman' lab beam of light cut through the darkness to reveal it ; the char holographic imager , computer , and the rebuilt bio-press all sit atop large wooden crate . W hich 368 368 Beyond , two lab table , make chain . oldoor , they hang suspend from the ceiling by tube , and beaker of liquid skin . in the place of i the bge 66'af rdpmustangcserveseas salvage bucketeseathofean of the lab chair . 369 369 the spotted cat eat from a discard pizza box . despite it 's eerie nature , the layout and feel of the lab be hauntingly familiar . 370 370 julie back away frighten , right into . the limp and wrinkle head of peyton hang from a hook . 371 371 julie she hand tremble as she lift the eyeless face into frame . she force herself to examine it closely . her the revulsion give way to pity . she bring it into beam of light . 138 . ( revise scene amber 2- 17 - 89 ) 5372 s372 julie' hand hold the mask - accomparaed by the sound of buz fly and sizzling skin blister boil furiously . she drop it a scream 373 373 she steady herself against the computer table there be tear in she eye . tremble , she turn to face the darkness . 374 374 darkman press bimself into the shadow . julie peyton . .? 375 375 darkman turn he head sharply . only the upper right corner of he face fall into the light . the handsome , undamage portion . julie why do not you tell I ? if you love I , why do not you tell I ? 376 376 darkman shame , to be both coward and monster , clutches he bony hand to he skull . julie you have no right -- 377 377 tear stream down Julie 's face but she be too upset to brush they away . she move forward . julie coward ! 139 . 378 378 she angrily shove the computer off the table . it crash to the ground , sparking . julie do you think it be the face I care about ?! be that how little you think of I ?! why do not you come to I ? 379 379 darkman he be shake by a silent sob . more of he face fall into light , illuminate leathery neck muscle and hideous bone . 380 380 Julie look about the dark and desolate warehouse . the sight of the bandage . the liquid skin . the char peyton / Julie photograph . her face soften . she feel the darkman 's pain . quietly ; julie I would have help you . she stare into the shadow a long time without speak . julie do not you know I love you , peyton ? and no matter what -- no matter what you have become I will always love you ? 381 381 close on darkman he eye express a ray of hope he do not think possible until now . o.s . we hear the sound of retreating footstep . dar khan ( too quietly to hear ) Julie ... ( then louder ; in Julie . ) 11 140 . 382 382 but juba be go . CUT to : 383 ' 383 int . eack apartment - day strack â €ž naked except for a monogramm bath towel wrapd around he thicken midriff , walk across the plush bedroom of he penthouse apartment . a mahler symphony play in the background . he bend to hoist a huge inlaid mahogany chest that rest on a marble stand , ' then , grunt under the strain of the load , he stagger back across the room to the king -size bed . with a mighty heave he tip the content of the chest out onto the bed . a torrent of golden icrugerand . they wash over the bed , so many that some spill over the side and clatter to the floor . strack pause for a beat , stare down at the booty , then reach down to the towel and let it drop to the floor . like a swan he dive . he roll , luxuriate in the feel of gold against flesh , laughter bubbling from he lip . gold coin stick to he flushed , sweat flesh , then slough off , leave they imprint . strack make swim motion with he arm , lave himself with the golden coin -- a knock at the door . strack freeze . strack huhh ??:! voice Julie hasting 's to see you , Mr. strack . continue D 141 . 383 continu strack43 eye dart nervously to the door . strack ( hoarsely ) lb ... ( he clear he throat ) very well ... he stand . a coin or two fall from he dimple ass as he reach down for he pants . 384 384 int . strack' luxurious study - day strack enter , tie he tie . strack Julie , how sweet of you to come before we appoint hour ... but I expect -- you in something a little more formal . do not Ruth inform you that we have ticket to Der fliedermause tonight ? julie I can not go , Louis . we have to talk . strack excellent ! I love to talk . brandy ? julie thank you , no . strack I will have one ; _ as he walk to a bar and pour himself a drink . strack ... Fair warning -- it 's napoleon , and it 's quite good -- julie Louis , I can not see you anymore . strack darling , settle down . do not be rash . as you say , let 's talk . continued 142. 384 continued julie you know about peyton , the man I be seeing -- strack of course -- julie Louis , he 's alive . he 's back . he be burn , horribly , horribly burn -- I do not understand what happen but I know he need my help . strack be visibly take aback . he set the brandy down . strack . you news have a bittersweet flavor ... of course I be very happy for you . if there 's anything I can do -- the finest medical care can be at you disposal -- burn therapy , recon - structive surgery . how badly be he ... mutilate ? Julie have break down . she sit down on strack 's sofa , she body wrack with sob . strack ... where be he , Julie ? julie he 's live in a abandon warehouse . he 's alone ... he need I . the phone ring . strack cross to the desk and pick it up . strack not now !... who ?... all right , I will take it in the other room . he look up at Julie . continued I 143. 384 continued ( 2 ) strack I will not be a moment . he walk into a adjoin room . he pick up the phone . strack yes , franz ... and the close price ?... julie she reach for a tissue . next to it be . her Pov strack 's briefcase sit on top of he desk . julie wipe a tear from she eye . she move closer . strack ( os ) I feel sufficiently diversify ... franz , it be immaterial to I what the market be do . I want you to buy ... julie' Pov a sheaf of papers stick up above the mouth of the briefcase . close on the paper a dark coffee stain . back to julie as she pull the papers from the briefcase . continued 144 . 384 continued ( 3 ) strack ( os ) yes , you do hear I correctly . I want you to buy . ten thousand krugerand . Fresh one ! close on the paper memo : from the desk of louis strack sr . to : claude belasarious strack' voice yes . the belasarious memorandum . julie whirl to face he . he stand look down over she shoulder . strack . I be sorry you have to find that , dear . we relationship do not need this further strain . julie the fire ... it be not a accident , it be you . strack not I personally . I have a employee who do certain thing for I , unofficially , off the book . Robert do not like to pay tax . julie ( quiet ) and now you will kill I . strack_ spread he arm . strack hardly . you have nothing on I , my dear , and you would find the extremely expensive police department quite unsympathetic . ( a beat ) . Julie . consider the big picture . continued 146 . 387 continued strack I suppose this be goodbye then . Julie stare hatefully at he for a beat , then hurry out the door . 388 388 strack move quickly to the briefcase . he tap he finger idly on the coffee-staine document . then he hit a button on he desk - top intercom . strack send Robert in . strack stroll over to the window and stare out at he rise city . os the door click open . ROBERT G. durant enter the room . I strack Robert ! I have good news and bad . durant custom dictate that you render the bad news first . strack you recall the little difficulty with my father and how you resolve it . we have a similar situation with miss hastings . it seem miss hastings have uncover some unflatter information about we . durant no problem at all . and the good news ? strack you wife die . I be joke , of course . no , the good news be that I know who 's behind we little trouble of late . when you retrieve my memorandum , you fail to excise the good doctor . continued 147 , 388 continued durant westlake ? he 's dead . I see to it myself . strack he 's alive . I do not like loose end , Robert . finish it . durant okay . where be he ? strack smile . strack I believe we have a guide . CUT to : 389 ext . warehouse - day 389 a cab stop across the street from the warehouse and Julie emerge . tracking with julie as she cross the street . the street be silent , desolate ... suddenly from out of nowhere , a midnight blue continental - undercranked race toward she , about to run she over -- the continental - undercranked screech to a stop , only inch from she . continued 148. 389 389 continued julie turn to run . another lincoln continental screech to a halt behind she , sandwich she in . she try to make a break for the warehouse . julie peyton !! guzman race out of one continental , smiley out the other . 390 390 int . warehouse darkman rush to a window just in time to see Julie hustle into one of the Continental 's . the car roar off . darxman julie ! he race toward the door . machine gun FIRE shatter the three window and door of the warehouse . darkman climb a steel rung ladder and head for the roof . 391 391 ext . warehouse roof the bandage darkman climb up onto the roof from the service ladder . budda -budda -budda !! the rooftop be riddled by bullet . continued 149 . 391 391 continued a helicopter rise suddenly into frame , over the edge of pere a roof . lean , of undin h h machine gun , p g t e roof with gunfire . 392 392 int . helicopter hover over the roof of the warehouse . durant , skip and corky inside . durant peg them ! 393 393 ext . roof darkman rush to the service ladder and climb quickly down into the warehouse . 394 394 int . warehouse a door be kick open as smiley and guzman enter , gun ps blaze , shoot the lab to hell . the gunfire sto and the lab be quiet . guzman speak quietly into a walkee - talkee . guzman we be in . durant ' S . , voice ( from the walkee - talkee ) he just go down from the roof . guzman glance above to the darken rafter ofathence one to warehouse . then , signal for smiley way . he will go another . they split up . 150 . 395 guzman be p.o.v. 395 the place be eerily still ; we hear only a occasional computer beep . 396 guzman start : 396 guzman ... Holy San Juan de fuckeen capistrano ! 397 a dozen human face 397 hang on parallel clothes line . durant , pauly , skip , and smiley . in the shadow , they eyeless head be wrinkle and grotesquely life-like . 398 guzman move through the gallery of face . a breeze 398 through the open window make the clothes - line squeak as the face bob and nod to he . 399 he stop suddenly . his body shudder at the sight of ... 399 400 a face 400 he own . hanging on a hook . 401 guzman 401 panic , back into a rack of clothing , knock it over . . he race past the wig , the face ... run for he life ... 402 two skeletal hand 402 emerge from the darkness and latch around he throat ! guzman be yank backward into the blackness without so much as a peep . 151 . 403 403 smiley move through the dimly light lab area . gun out , check every crevice . 404 404 footstep . come closer through the darkness . uranth voice D ( from the walkee - talkee ) come in , smiley , come in ! come -- click . 405 the footstep 405 smiley turn off the walkee - talkee . i marry be almost atop he . he take a 406 406 smiley' p.o.v . - a second smiley racing out of the darkness at he . 407 407 smiley be hip to the darkman 's game . he smile . the gun belch flame at the mask figure . blammity -beam ! blammity -blam ! blammity -blam ! 408 408 the masked smiley crumple to the floor . the bottom portion off fece smiley mask be wrinkle , expose a portion beneath . 409 409 smiley peejz back the mask with the barrel of he gun revealing . . guzman !! 152 . 410 410 smiley lose he smile . a third smiley stand slowly into frame behind the spook smiley . smiley # 3 / dapyman good shootin' . 411 411 smiley triplicate and look from the dead smiley to he short as the shriek ! but it 's mercifully cut darkman be upon he . 412 412 int . helicopter durant yell into the walkee - talkee with increase urgency . durant guzman , come in ! smiley ! guzman ! what the fuck be go on down there ?! a burst of static . then : darkman ' S voice I be . durant drop the walkee - talkee as if it be something hot . durant ( furious ; to pilot ) take she down ! continued ( revise scene #s 2- 17 - 89 ) 153 . 412 continued the pilot lower the throttle stick and 412a 412a the chopper swoops down . 413 413 a whirl cf pebble as the helicopter descend on the roof of the warehouse . durant I want that son of a bitch eliminate ! and I do not want he finger , I want he fuck head ! skip and corky run out onto the roof , assault rifle in hand . 414 414 int . warehouse skip and corky burst inside , freezing into combat crouch . they advance slowly across the room ... not a sound in the darkness except they footstep and the occasional beep of a computer ... the air be tense with danger . suddenly : crash ! crash ! crash ! skip and corky whirl around as iron shutter slam down over the window and door , sealing the lab into a airtight prison . OPEN gas valve hiss , fill the room with the explosive mix of oxygen and acetylene . 415 415 int . helicopter static on the walkee - talkee , then : continued ( revise scerm# 2- 17 - 89 ) 154 . 415 contiwm darkman' voice ( evil rasp ) you be next . durant where be you ?! pilot.and durant look toward the entrance of the warehouse . the door be close . suddenly ... to whompi - - a bandage hand slam into durant 's chest grab bim and start haul he towards the door . the darkman be drag he out towards the roof . pilot what the fuck be that ?! durant mash the darkman 's arm with the door : durant take her up ! 416 416 the helicopter start rise . darkman be yank from he foot . the helicopter climb , lift the darkman clear of the rooftop . CUT to : 417 417 int . warehouse skip and corky stand freeze . a small sound . they turn : h417 h417 the plastic bird it bob up . and down . the same toy that destroy peyton 's lab . durant 's lighter lie on a platform just under the beak of the drink bird . it bob closer and closer to the switch on the lighter , about to make contact . ( revise scene ms 2- 17 - 89 ) 155 . 417a skip 417a dive for it , snatching it ... . the hand clenches empty air . the bird be a transparent holograph . skip turn in horror . he Pov -- nearby be the real bird , bob in 'synch with the holograph . extreme close shot - the real bird beak dip closer to the electronic lighter 's ignition button . closer ... closer ... CUT to : 418 the darkman 418 grope desperately at the floor of the helicopter for a handhold . his fingertip barely touch a rope ladder . 419 durant 419 slide open the steel door and kick viciously at he face , knock he overboard . 420 the helicopter 420 rise straight up as the darkman tumble backwards in free fall , back towards the roof . - 421 darkman 421 his overcoat flap as he somersault down , he throw out one arm and ... ( revise scene #s 2- 17 - 89 ) 156 . b422 close shot - blue screen - darkmanis hand b422 ... catch the last rung of the rope ladder that trail from the copter . it snap taut as -- p422 background plate for previous scene p422 ext . sky - panning down . p423 miniature - ext warehouse - p423 --ka -boom !! the roof below he blow . b424 blue screen b424 the arm be by the snap of 425 int . helicopter 425 the force of the explosion rock the helicopter . the pilot lose control and the helicopter spin wildly in rapid 360s like the speed up arm of a clock . b426 darkman b426 be barely able to hold onto the ladder . below he , p426 the tiny city be a spin blur of metal and asphalt and p426 glass . 427 pilot 427 he pull the stick . gradually the helicopter rights itself . durant shake he ! 428 the helicopter 428 bank sharply through the concrete canyon -- a deadly game of crack the whip . 157 . 429 429 smash ! the dean be hurl through the window of a office on the 70th floor of a skyscraper . 430 430 int . office the darkman , still hold the rope , find himself on solid ground . a board meeting the executive stare in shock at the darkman stand on they table . darkman' Pov the face of the executive whirling in a circle like number on a roulette wheel . ' 431 431 suddenly , the face start to recede ... smash !... the darkman be yank back out the window , break the remain glass . 432 432 on the STREET below pedestrian scurry from the rain of fall glass . camera swishes up to reveal ... 433 433 the helicopter as it roar away from the skyscraper at a insane angle , the pilot have finally manage to regain some control . durant dip he ! 158 . 434 434 the helicopter angle sharply toward a busy freeway . 435 435 darkman be dip into oncoming traffic . he barely clear the roof of a cadillac by swinging he leg above it . 436 436 the helicopter swoops lower . the daricman ' S legs dangle six foot above the ground , whizzing over the asphalt at 100 mile per hour . the leg part as they pass over a motorcycle , then close again . 437 437 the helicopter swoops lower , slamm the darkman to the pavement . he drag for a moment , a pack of motorcycle whizzing past he head . like a marionette , he 's jerk back up right in front of a oncoming 1973 Delta 88 oldsmobile . he be graze by the car 's hood . his body bounce off the windshield . 438 438 darman be lift straight into the path of a fast - move truck . truck honk furiously . darkman strain he leg . close - up : tracking over the truck 's aluminum roof . clangity clangity clang the dar@man' feet run 80 mile a hour along the roof of the truck . darkman manage to loop the bottom rung of the rope ladder to a steel hook on the truck 's cab . ( revise sc 9 g 2- 17 - 89 ) 159 . 439 439 helier look forward over durant 's and pilot 's shoulder . the : pa3at have the stick . we be rush directly town a overpass . durant up ! pull up ! 440 440 truck adof the ladder snap taut against the hook . he li C ( ster we be about to be obliterate . 441 441 Pilot be yanking on the collective ; the chopper whine . pilot she won 't go !! p441 p441 the overpass rush up . p442 p442 truck roof wind whipping at he coat , look up at the doom helicopter , the darkman bellow in triumph . b442 b442 wind whipping at he coat look up at the doom helicopter , the darkman bellow he triumph . p443 p443 overpass take up the entire screen . --impact--kaboom ! p444 p444 tunnel b444 b444 darkman , laughing on the truck , race through the darkness , 444a 444a flame debris from the helicopter cascade over the mouth of the tunnel . CDT to : 160 . 445 445 int . strack' office - night strack sit behind he power desk , talk into the phone .. strack we have consolidate the waterfront , Governor ... yes , I be aware there 's be some unpleasantness but that 's over now . yes , I be sure . you sound a little nervous , Bryant . have a brandy , watch a cop show . the door open . a security officer appear . security officer Robert durant , sir . strack ( pleased ) send he in . ( to phone ) Goodbye , Governor . everything 's take care of . he hang up . we hear the door open and close . strack 's smile vanish . ROBERT durant enter . he look awful -- face scorched and bruise , severe limp . strack you look like hell , Robert . durant the son of a bitch malfunction my helicopter . strack and westlake ? continued ( revise scene number 2- 17 - 89 ) 161 . 445 continue durant 'f ie man 's a cockroach . you think you ; tall he , and he pop up someplace , ise . a beat . strack g expect he will pop up here soon . ( presses intercom ) if westlake call , kindly refer he to strack tower . ( to durant ) come , Robert , let we kill the girl . CUT to : b446 b446 int . a construction elevator - night rattling up the steel skeleton of a skyscraper , p44 p446 star all around we . strack I be glad you survive , Robert . I would hate to see you kid deprive of a role-model . durant they do look up to I . the elevator grind to a halt and the two emerge . the light of the city tremble over the water . a glitter and breadth to the landscape , a urban grandeur . strack kid need a example , Robert . when I be a young man my father make I work high steel . that 's how he start out , and in he view what be good enough for he be good enough for I ... continued ( revise scene 2- 17 - 89 ) 162. p446 contikued strack gesture broadly with one arm . strack ... it be just I and the Indians , no one else crazy enough to run around up here , against the wind , four-fifty a hour . sure I resent it , but now -- call I crazy -- sometimes I miss it , it sharpen you wit . life on the edge . five inch wide . two hundred fifty foot down . High steel ... he turn to face durant . there 's a gun in he hand . strack you do not have any kid , Robert . durant what be you talk about ? strack or should I say , Doctor westlake ? dur ant I be durant ! Robert G. durant ! strack then I be go to make a mistake . there 's a long beat . the vein begin to pulse on durant 's temple . his eye grow predatory , evil . durant / darman ( rasp ) where 's the girl ? strack hop nimbly out onto a narrow girder . he smile back over he shoulder . strack you want to see the girl ? follow I , I will take you to she ... durant / darkman follow , take the first few tentative step . continued ( revise scene be Z-37 - 89 ) 163. p446 continu3?d( 2 ) strack ... I must say , Dr. westlake , you have certainly work some mischief . pretty much wipe out the security arm of strack industry . that 's okay . I be a good sport ... he leap from beam to beam , durant / darkman follow cautiously behind . strack ... and I can handle my own problem . I do whatever I have to do . in fact , that 's how I get my first property . my wife -- late wife -- hold certain deed ... I send she on a plane trip over the smoky and well , let 's just say ; land on my foot ... ( shrug ) .as for my father , well , he be old , I spare he a few miserable year ... yes , we all have dream , Dr. westlake , but we do not all have what it take to realize that dream . durant / darkman all I have be nightmare . a beat . strack then share my dream . after all , you and I be pretty much the same . we should be work together . both smart fellow . similar style . same taste in woman . I could use a man like you . durant / dart a ( rasp ) go to hell . strack eventually , eventually ... he proceed nimbly along the beam . continued ( revise scene # s2-17- 89 ) 164 . p446 continued ( 3 ) strack I guess you just do not have what it take . I gather you run around wear other people 's face now , since yours be so ... loathsome . he shrug . strack . see I could never do that . the world have to take I as I be . and all this tit-for - tat stuff you have be up to . silly . live in the past . ; only destroy to build something better , whereas you .. â€¢ ah , here we be . 447 447 Julie stand out on the end of a project girder , at the furthest extremity of the grow building . wind whip at she hair and dress ; she cling pathetically to a upright . durant / darkman Julie ! strack laugh . strack bring on the string ! Young lover ! in peril ! separate by ruthless force , larger than they ! -- what a banal tale . in it , I suppose I play the villain . but wait , Julie - - which of we be the monster here ?! with this he reach over to durant and --squishhhrippp !! -- tear he face off , toss it over the edge .. 448 448 the face spin down , whoosh end over end , the wind flap it this way and that . on the way down it slap against the occasional girder , momentarily flatten out into the recognizable face of durant , and then peel away again . it spin downward towards a forest of reinforce bar that form a pungi pit of steel spike in the open foundation below . finally it land -- splat -- pierce through the eye by one of the rusty re-bar . 165 . 449 449 julie gaze at darkman 's ghastly visage for the first time , overcome by horror and repulsion . darkman 's vein pulse like csa y.. strack " 's tone be almost admire : str.ack you truly be one ugly son of a bitch . blam ! strack shoot darkman in the shoulder , hurl he off the bean . the darkman tumble , limb flail , bellow with rage . the world spin upside down --star , abyss , star , abyss -- girder as darkman 's fingertip clamp onto the upper lip of a I -beam ... barely hang on , vein pulsing . on the upper girder strack look down , wind whipping he hair . he Pov -- nothing . darkman have be swallow up by the night . pockete he gun , strack proceed toward Julie . julie recoil as strack stop in front of she . he touch she hair . strack ( with remorse ) first my wife , then my father , and now you -- he place he hand on she shoulder , prepare to push she off the girder . with intensity : continued 166 . 449 continuen strack - it be the tragedy of my life that I always have to kill the one I love . as he 's about to push she : a voice behind he iduis ! strack turn around . 450 4 5 0 strack St. stand behind he , glaring angrily . strack JR . Father ? strack sr . ( horrible rasp ) I should have snuffed you out at birth ! with that strack sr. rip off he own face , expose the enraged visage of darkman ... strack reach for he gun . 451 451 bam ! darkman mash he face and the gun fly out of he hand into the darkness below . strack and darxman of battle it out on the narrow girder , hundred of foot sure death on either side of they . bam ! bam ! bam ! Savage punch send strack reeling -- bam !-- he fall onto the girder ... nearby be a bunch of tool ... strack crawl toward they . continued 167 . 451 conti1rn D 451 a rivet gun only a few inch from he grasp . dariom swoops onto strack , pummelling he . stracr' hand inching painfully toward the rivet gun . darkman pummelling , lose in the act of he final revenge . he step back to give a final blow ... . and slip on some loose rivet , flail for balance . strack lunge . clang ! darkman slam into a vertical bar . zmmmmmm ! Z ! 452 452 the rivet gun shoot a bolt through darkman 's wrist , then the other wrist -- pin he to the I - beam ... strack take a step backward , exhaust . 453 453 strack strack now you get to watch you girl - friend die . he move toward a terrify Julie . darxman shriek and reality melt around he as he taste the hot soup of rage . 454 crack ! gigantic fissure appear on all the girder ... we spin into darkman 's eyeball to find -- 455 the ultimate rage montage 455 nightmarish flash of laugh face jeer into the camera ; Julie and strack kissing , naked . 456 strack 's face bob , attach now to the body of the 456 dunking bird , he nose near the ignition of a huge lighter . as contact be make the lighter explode in a shower of gold krugerand . 457 the gold coin fall away to reveal peyton 's unscathed 457 head , bob on a freakish and deform doll 's body . atop a circus platform , he do a angry jig . he wear a funny little hat . 458 peyton 's face liquefy and flow off he head to reveal - 458 the face of the darkman . 459 a drop of liquid peyton fall upon ... a cube of ice . it 459 burst into flame . 460 the camera race back from darkman 's eye .. he vein 460 pulsing madly . 461 dar@man' riveted hand 461 insensitive to pain , he pull , every sinew concentrate on the task . gggggggg ! a horrible grate sound as the first rivet rip through steel ... one hand be freed . ggggggg ! . the other be freed . 462 strack 462 with he back to he , do not have a chance to turn as : continued 169 . 462 continued darkman pounce . he lift he full into the air . strack 's leg and arm flail impotently . darkman arrrrrrrggggggg ! darkman hurl he up , up into the air . 463 strack rise helpless , flail he limb ... then begin 463 to fall , yard away from the girder . 464 he spin , end over end , to--pphhhhfffthhmp !-- be impale 464 on the rebar many floor below , next to durant 's face . CUT to : 465 int . construction elevator 465 humming at the cut . darkman and Julie be inside . darkman remain turn from Julie , face the shadow . gently , Julie touch he shoulder to draw he toward she . julie peyton , I can help . darkman no one can help . julie I do not care how you look , peyton ! i. love you . the burn do not matter . there 's a long pause . then darkman turn the twisted remain of . he face toward she . Julie see they in close - up . clamp ! the elevator jar to a halt on street level . continued 170 . 465 continued darkman take my hand . Julie stare at the char skeletal finger . she overcome she repulsion and put she hand in he . darkman it disgust you . julie no. darkman stare at she a long time , anguish , tear . finally : darkman this hand ... it use to caress you . now it can only tear , rip away at thing . julie ( anxious ; persuasive ) but you will perfect the skin . you will get rid of the scar . darkman it 's not just the scar . I have change - he grip he skull . darkman -- inside . he pull the elevator open . darkman ( beat ) I can live with it now , but I do not think anyone else can . julie ( tear in she eye ) I want it back . the two of we -- the way it be ... darkman 's voice break : continued 171 . 465 continued ( 2 ) darkman what we have -- we life together -- it belong in the light of day . he disappear into the darkness . julie peyton ! darkman 's voice float back as he stalk away : darkman peyton be go ... 466 he head into the shadow . at the edge of the darkness 466 he pull a mask from he coat and disappear behind a construction trailer . a pedestrian reappear on the other side . Julie know it 's ! darkman . she chase after he but he slip into the pedestrian traffic . the camera hurry down the street with Julie as she desperately search for he , turn people around , stare at they face ... it begin to snow . julie peyton ! she rush from pedestrian to pedestrian , stare into alien face in search of the man she love . as we roll end credit the camera pull back into the crowd of pedestrian , any one of who could be darkman ... we continue to pull back , down avenue and side -street , byway , courtyard , wherever the crowd spill , into a alley ... as a street - person shuffles into view : 467 a muscular hand 467 snap open a switch - blade . a second set of arm grab the street person and spin he around , revealing -- 172 . 467 continued the charree skull of darkman Wild , half - mad eye gleam wickedly from boney socket . mandibles yank back and , through a lipless smile , he rasp : darkman run for you life :: CUT to black