dave by gary ross fade in : ext . WASHINGTON D.C. - aerial shot - day it sit like a jewel off in the distance -- all glitter and white . the deep blue of the potomac stand out against the monument as the sound of a helicopter play o.s .. smash CUT to : ext . white house ground - day the most famous helicopter in the world lumber toward the most famous house . score of reporter be campe out on the lawn while the huge machine descend like a hurricane ... closer - helicopter it touch down as the Marine Corps color guard snap to attention . the hatch pop open and a staircase emerge ... full shot - doorway after a moment , president william harrison mitchell appear , accompany by he wife ellen and loyal dog cupcake . they smile from the landing and wave to the world -- a postcard of themselves . tracking shot - first family " hail to the chief " ring out across the grounds . for - midably handsome Bill Mitchell be fit and in he early forty . his wife ellen , still in she early thirty , be consider a classical beauty with a wide " friendly " smile that in certain photograph seem just on the edge of wistful . the dog frolic around they as they wave to the press and smile for the world . ozzie and harriet for the nineties with a bow to FDR and some camelot throw in . moving with they ... they stride arm in arm beneath the portico that lead to the West wing . the band be still play as they head under the archway , disappear from public view . then , instantly , as a handler rush up and grab the dog , the smile vanish . Bill let go of ellen and ellen let go of Bill . he turn to he right and she turn to she leave . off they go in they separate direction . CUT to : int . west wing hallway - day the President stride down the long marble hallway flanke by he two senior advisor , bob alexander , the White House Chief of staff and alan reed , the White House media advisor . mitchell be everybody in there ? bob they be wait for you . and they be very nervous . CUT to : int . white house - roosevelt room - day it be the seat of power . there be a dark oak conference table with a crystal chandelier above it . Alan reed be read from a notebook full of polling data while the President glare at a group of congressional leader . Bob glare at they , too , while they cower behind they water glass . reed ( read from he notebook ) I wish I have better news ... we compassion index be off seven point from the last sample and that 's down eighteen on the year . the ` care about people like I ' number be really in the toilet . we be off twenty point from March and that be right after we raise interest rate ... mitchell dammit ... ( beat ) I tell they no mayo . ( look up ) see - - I could veto this Simpson garner thing , but I really do not want to do that ... a couple of the legislator flinch , still stare straight ahead . mitchell ( circle ) do you know why I do not want to do it ? dave - Rev. 8/7/92 3. they all look over at he for a moment . Mitchell lean out over the table like some great , predatory beast . mitchell ( strangle whisper ) ... because it 's get homeless shelter ... and head start center ... and ... and ... bob ( whisper ) hot lunch . the President look back at he for a instant then turn back toward the table . mitchell ( building ) ... and hot lunch for little ( thunder suddenly ) and if I kill it ... I will look like a prick . they all flinch slightly . mitchell and I do not want to look like a prick ! ( beat ) I want you to look like prick !!! different angle speaker Sir , we try to kill it twice ... mitchell ( whisper again ) I do not think so , Howard . if you have kill it -- it would be dead . ( look he in the eye ) when I kill something - - it always die . do not it , flob ? bob ( steely ) always dead . maj . leader Mr. President , with all the work you wife have do with the homeless ... the President turn and stare dagger at he . the man start to flumph as Mitchell cut he off . mitchell norman , I do not want you to do this cause you be force to ... ( beat ) I want you to do this because you want to . I want you to do it because you think it 's the right thing to do . I want you to do it because you be act in the best interest of we country ... they stare back at he stupefy . bob ( upbeat ) well -- I think that 's it . CUT to : int . west wing hallway - later he move down the corridor toward the oval Office with Bob and reed at he side . a long line of secretary flank the entrance . bob ... you have get that radio address to go over and the american bar Association at the Monroe tomorrow night ... the President pause at one of the desk and fix a stare . at one of the secretary , ( randi ) . she look up from behind a pdir of clear - pane glass , and blushes at he effectively . mitchell ( smile at randi ) the Monroe ? reed uh , yes , sir . the Monroe Hotel ... randi smile back at he . mitchell ( whisper to reed ) do you get someone to double for I there , out front ? reed we be work on it . mitchell ( still under he breath ) try to find someone who look like I this time . that last guy be a joke . reed we be do we best , sir . he nod and wink at randi again before head inside the oval Office . the President start hum " hail to the Chief " quietly to himself ... CUT to : ext . durenburger's chrysler plymouth - day Red , white and blue flag fly above the use car to announce durenberger 's grand open . a scratchy rendition of " hail to the chief " plays from a makeshift p.a. system and a little stage have be erect in front of the car . durenburger himself stand alone at the mike . durenburger this be a real special moment here at durenburger 's Chrysler plymouth ... lady a ' gentleman , I wantcha to give a real warm welcome to ... ( pause ) the President of the United wider a dead -ringer for the President appear , perch on the back of a four hundred pound pig . he be dave kovic , we hero . Dave enter from " stage right " wear a uncle Sam hat and wave triumphantly to the crowd . a teenage * boy pull the pig forward by a rope . different angle he make the victory sign with both hand and dismount the pig who let out a snort . Dave bound up to the small platform where he be greet warmly by durenburger . Dave hand he a small stack of 3 x5 filing card while " hail to the chief " conclude its final strain . Dave salute the crowd . dave ( do a decent Bill Mitchell ) thank you , Don . thank you for that warm introduction . ( pause ) you know it 's wonderful to be here today amongst so many smile face . reverse angle - crowd eight to ten people stand stoneface amongst the plymouth horizon . on dave dave and , Don , let I assure you from one chief executive to another , that there fl no Chrysler plymouth like durenburger 's Chrysler plymouth . a few employee applaud . Dave nudge durenburger who take out one of the card . durenburger ( read / monotone ) thank you , Mr. President . it certainly be nice of you to be with we here today consider you busy schedule and all . dave well , Don -- it 's true that I have a busy schedule . but I have get a feel that when folk find out about you five hundred dollar cash rebate on all `93 lebaron and lebaron convertible you be gonna be even busier than I be . Dave look toward the crowd for another reaction but nothing come back . a eight - year - old girl tug at the bottom of the mother 's dress . girl mommy , be that the President ? mother ( shaking she head ) I sure hope not . angle - dave he lean closer to durenburger continue with the routine . dave you know , Don , it 's not easy be President . why just the other day , I be riding on Air Force one ... the pig let out a huge snort cause everyone to jump with a start . a six - year- old kid start to cry while Dave glance down toward the front row . angle-dave he stop the routine and squint out toward the crowd while the wailing continue . his parent try to comfort the boy but it do not do any good . dave hey , hey ... what 's the matter ... different angle - dave he dismount the stage and stumble on one of the step . Dave put on the glass that he normally wear and squat face to face with the six - year-old . dave ( gently ) hi ... ( beat ) what 's you name ? the child do not respond at first . Dave move a little closer to the boy . dave do not you have a name ? child ( kid ) ( sniffle ) ... Sam . dave ( soothingly ) hi , Sam ... you want a riddle ? the kid think for a second then nod . he wipe some stuff off he nose . dave okay . what can run all day without get tired ? the kid ponder it for a moment . dave ( lean closer ) well come on , Sam . it 's not you jar ... Dave touch the kid 's ear as he eye suddenly light up . SAM ( kid ) my nose ? dave right . !!! Dave reach up and " magically " produce a quarter from the side of the child 's nose . he beam with delight as Dave hand he the coin . CUT to : ext . baltinore STREET - day Dave hurry down the busy sidewalk clutching a beat - un briefcase and he uncle Sam hat . in civilian clothes , with he tousle hair , no one even notice that he look like the President . Dave duck into a small storefront office with a simple sign above it : " kovic temps " " like we have be there forever " int . dave' office the place be small and cluttere and very well live in . Dave 's secretary and ex-wife , alice , be kissing she boyfriend jerry goodbye . jerry six -thirty ? alice perfect . jerry great , I will see you then . he blow she another kiss and turn to the door just as Dave bound into the room . jerry hi , Dave . dave ( buoyant ) hi , ..... he hang up he coat and turn to Alice as Jerry leave the room . dave ( hang up he coat ) it go great , Alice . I kill they down there . alice yeah ? why do not you see what you *) can do in here . different angle Dave turn around to see three woman stack up in he wait area . dave ( renew energy ) no problem . what `ve we get ? alice ( rattling it off ) mabel say it 's too far on the bus . Jennifer 's boss try to hit on she again and lola 's be cry in you office for a hour . Dave stick he head inside he office where a Hispanic woman of about fifty be cry into a tiny lace handkerchief . int . dave' office dave ( enter ) lola . what happen ? lola ( woman ) ( turn ) oh , meester kobic ... be no my fault ... I learn on de i.b.m okay ? then they make I work on de wang ... ( cry again ) no puedo comprendar esta machina ... dave it 's airight . we will find you something else . angle - outer office he dart back out . dave I will get she something right now . ( beat ) Alice ... have you see my checkbook ? alice Dave , I be you ex-wife . as in ex E -- X ... he nod earnestly accept it for what must be the hundredth time . Alice sigh and motion toward he desk . alice bottom drawer next to you baseball glove . dave ( flash a smile ) thanks . you be the best . CUT to : int . accountancy office of " murray blum , cpa " - day Dave 's best friend murray stand in front of Dave and lola . in the b.g. sit four or five woman without much to do in particular . murray Dave , I can not hire anybody else . he turn toward he desk . Dave follow he down the aisle . dave ( " confidentially " ) this woman 's amazing , Murray . she fly on a i.b.m ... murray I do not have enough work for the people you give I already . dave ( lowering he voice ) she 's get three kid and the husband 's a diabetic ... ( turn to she ) diabetic ? lola si. diabetico . she start to whimper all over again while Dave look plaintively at Murray . dave short - term thing . straight temp job . Murray look at he and sigh . murray ( beat ) I will see what I can do . Dave flash he a big smile and breathes a sigh of relief . dave so you want to go swim ? murray ( incredulous ) Dave -- I be work . dave ( nodd quickly ) oh yeah ... I , too. ( beat ) you want to get dinner later ? murray I be gonna do something with Joan . dave oh. okay . I will catch ya tomorrow then . Murray nod as Dave turn hum into the hallway . ext . dave' house - day all it be dark and a little clutt.er . a low guttural note start to build as it echoes up the stairwell . dave ( 0.5 . ) ( sing ) ' oooooooooooooooooo ... ' different angle - landing dave '... klahoma , where the wind come sweeping down the plain ... ' Dave bound onto the landing and fish around for he key ... CUT to : int . dave' apartment - day the door swing open as Dave enter the room , still sing . dave ` where the wavin ' wheat , can sure smell sweet ... ' he set down he key , cross to the kitchen . Dave yank open the fridge , pull out a beer , pop open the top , hit a twenty foot hook shot with the bottle cap , then cross to the live room ... dave ' and the wind come right behind the - ... ' he look across the room and suddenly freeze . dave' Pov Three large man be seat on he live room couch . the black one in the middle ( duane stevensen ) speak first . duane Mr. kovic ? back to scene Dave freeze and shake he head . duane I be duane stavensen with the United States secret service . Dave 's eye go a little wider . duane we be with the federal government . he reach into he coat pocket and pull out a gleam silver badge . Dave look at it . terrify . dave oh my God ... I think it be a legitimate deduction , I swear to god. see ... I need a piano for my work sometimes ... duane Mr. kovic . we be not here about you tax . dave you be not ? duane no . Dave 's stop and just stare at he . duane lean forward on the couch . duane you government need you help . dave ( beat ) what ? duane on occasion for security purpose , to double for the President at the secret service hire someone public function and expose situation . closeup-dave he look at duane for a moment when he eye light up ... dave really ? duane we would like to hire you . dave really ? CUT to : ext . baltimore hilton - night Police barricade ring the outside of the hotel . there be the standard number of flash red light and sharp shooter station on all the balcony . a assortment of various demonstrator press up against the police line and a literal army of press be stake out by the entrance . it be the modern equivalent of napoleon 's camp . int . HOTEL room Dave be sit on the edge of the bed , get he hair trim by johnny , the presidential makeup man and travel barber . he remove the apron and stand back to admire he handiwork . johnny ( proudly ; to himself ) johnny , you do it again ! dave you really cut he this short ? johnny it 's a perfect match . dave hunh . ' Cause I always think it come over the ear a little ... at that moment the door swing open and Bob Alexander . the Chief of staff power into the room . he cross over toward the bed where Dave be sit . bob you understand what you will be do ? dave ( beat ; intimidate ) yeah ... you just want I to wave , right ? bob ( gruffly ) Wave from the door ... go down the stair ... get into the limo ... dave ( pause ) ` Cause you know I can do other stuff . I mean , if you want I to talk or ... bob ( curtly ) do not say a . dave ( nodd ) right . Dave flash he a smile to lighten the moment when Bob turn and start for the door ... dave ( call after he ) uh -- Mr. Alexander ? bob ( turn ) what ? dave ( beat ) be this dangerous or anything ? bob no more than the usual . dave the usual ... he turn and shut the door behind he . CUT to : int . presidential suite - night it 's the only time it have live up to its name . the live room be huge and occupy by several secret serviceman . Alan reed , the President 's media advisor , stand just outside the bathroom door with a clipboard in he hand . reed ( into the bathroom ) we be all set , sir . mitchell ( o.s. ) ( from in the bathroom ) what about the intro ? reed it will be on the teleprompter with the rest of the speech . mitchell ( o.s. ) it better be . last time you have I introduce a dead guy . the sound of a toilet flushing come from just beyond the door . the President emerge in a tuxedo , zipping up he fly . mitchell who 's this priest I be thanking ? reed Father mclntire . he bless you at the inauguration . mitchell oh yeah . ( beat ; lowering he voice ) do you take care of later on ? reed all set . mitchell ( beam ) fabulous . CUT to : int . baltimore hilton - grand ballroom - night five hundred people have gather at a thousand dollar a plate . Bill Mitchell stand at a dark blue podium with the seal of the President in front . mitchell you know as I be come in here tonight I run into Jordan blankfort who I have not see for year ... the President smile down at Jordan while the camera begin a long , slow dolly around the back of the podium . mitchell and I could and thelp remember back to the time when Jordan and I be in law school together . ( beat ) ... now Jordan and I be pretty wild back then and like most college student , we like to enjoy a few beer on occasion ... the camera continue its dolly revealing the clear glass panel of the teleprompter . as the President continue with he " spontaneous reminiscence , " the word " like to enjoy a few beer on occasion ... " be clearly print in front of he . CUT to : int . HOTEL room - night Dave stand alone , try to put on he tuxedo while he stare at a television monitor . he squint at himself for a second , then lift the arm of the tuxedo in a " presidential " wave . he immediately lower it and try it with the other one , duplicate the President 's movement exactly . the door open behind he . duane get ready . Dave turn and nod emphatically . he glance back at the tv monitor where President Mitchell be receive a stand ovation . mitchell ( v.0 . ) God bless you ... God bless America ... duane hold open the door to : int . presidential suite Dave stare at the opulent room for a moment - - this be the big time ... CUT to : int . ballroom the audience have rise to its foot . Bill Mitchell stand at the podium wave out to the crowd like a conquer hero . he turn and salute a crimson - robe cleric who be stand by he side . the priest salute the President and lift he arm like a prizefighter . the applause be still go strong as Mitchell leave the stage . int . hallway moving with he . they head away from the ballroom . Bob stand on one side and reed on the other as they move down the hallway in a phalanx of secret service . int . presidential suite Dave be wait nervously in the middle of the room . duane stand poise by the side of the door . int . HOTEL corridor the presidential entourage step out of the elevator and move ' rapidly down phe hall . it look like a solid wall of business suit with three tuxedo in front . they reach the door of the suite together ... int . presidential suite the door to the suite swing suddenly open . Three secret service enter the room , follow by the President a moment later . Dave snap to attention with he arm at he side when the President look up and suddenly stop : mitchell ( beat ) Jesus Christ . president's Pov - reverse angle Dave stand in front of he with slicked back hair and a crisp new tuxedo . it be a mirror image of the President himself . Dave stand freeze for a moment then break into a nervous smile ... wider angle the President stare at he carefully . mitchell you be a very handsome man . dave ( nervous ) thank you , Mr. President . mitchell ( to Dave ) just get rid of that grin . you look like a schmuck . Dave immediately wipe off the smile as the President move past he and disappear into another room . angle - dave he stare in wonder at the President 's wake . the rest of the crowd move out of the live room as duane clear he throat and motion to the door . it 's show time . CUT to : ext . baltimore hilton - night a large crowd be anxious with anticipation . a palpable buzz fill the air as the photographer jockey near the front for the best possible angle . int . foyer the entourage have grow to a presidential level as Dave emerge `from the elevator and head toward the door . he pause for a moment to catch he breath while the secret service race ahead toward the entrance . ext . HOTEL entrance a large cheer erupt from the crowd as Dave appear at the top of the step . there be a virtual explosion of shutter and a bank of tv light glare in he face . Dave freeze for a moment then remember and lift he arm in " the presidential Wave . " a louder cheer go up from the crowd as duane race ahead to the limo beyond . closer on dave he start to smile and head down the step as the crowd press up to the limit of the barricade . angle - limousine duane stand at the open door when Dave stop again and wave once more . a louder cheer go up this time . the fan keep scream and Dave can no longer control he - self . suddenly and without warning , he hop up on the run board of the car . dave ( wave to the crowd ) hello America ! God bless you ! a huge cheer go up from the throng as he dismount . duane grab he by the collar and pull he into the limo ... different angle the car speed away from the curb with the motorcade behind it . int . limo he turn around to see duane , sit stone - face across from he . dave ( clearly thrilled ) sorry , I could not help it . I just get carry away ... ( finally let it out ) ... I be really good though , hunh ? duane keep stare at he . Dave shake he head . dave ( cluing duane in ) so I guess there must be something pretty important go on for the President to go through all of this ... duane just look at he ... CUT to : int . presidential suite - night a discard tuxedo lie toss across a chair along with a woman 's bra and pantyhose . the camera pan through darkness slowly toward the bed while the sound of a man and woman making love play o.s . man ( o.s. ) oh ... woman ( 0.s. ) ah ! man ( o.s. ) oh ... woman ( 0.s. ) ah ! beat . woman ( 0.s. ) ahhh ! silence . woman ( 0.s. ) ahhhhh ! pause . woman ( o.s. ) Bill ? the camera arrive at the bed as the torso of randi , the oval Office secretary , pop into frame . randi ( woman ) Mr. President ? long pause ... randi ( frighten ) oh ; shit ... CUT to : ext . baltimore hilton - night a red and white ambulance sit park at the service entrance to the hotel with its red light flash . int . HOTEL room - later the President be load onto a gurney bed with a array of tube and catheter . the camera pull back to reveal Bob and reed , sitting in a corner , while the medical drama unfold before they . reed ( softly ) it do not look very good . Bob look up at he . reed ( a little softer ) they say it hit both side of he brain ... even if he make it he 's gonna be a vegetable . bob I can not believe he would do this . reed I know . Bob stare straight ahead clutching onto he drink . bob where 's the girl ? reed she 's a little hysterical right now . we have get she upstairs in a laundry room . bob ( shaking he head ) nightmare ... reed ( lean closer ) look ... at some point we be go to have to call the vice President ... bob ( suddenly ) do not call the vice President ! reed ... what ? bob ( grab he lapel ) just do not call he , Alan ! reed ( tread softly ) the guy 's in a coma , Bob . bob I do not give a shit . reed Bob ... bob this be mine , Al -- all mine ... I make he . I build he . and no cocksucker be gonna come in here and take it away from I just because he to be vice President of the United States ! closeup - bob he look at reed for a moment ... CUT to : int . limousine - night Dave sit in the back seat with duane . he have he small canvas bag open beside he on the seat . he finish get dress in he own clothes . dave ( jack ) you know if you guy want to do something for he birthday , I could come down to Washington . I have some great birthday stuff ... duane smile at he tightly . dave I do this thing with the first lady -- my friend love it -- it 's the two of they go away to Club Med ... duane just look at he when the telephone ring beside he . he reach next to he , pick it up . duane yeah ... ( pause ) what ?.. be you sure ? what ? dave ( innocently ) what ? CUT to : ext . white house - night the famous building be light up like a picture postcard while Bob 's voice play 0.s ... bob ( v.0 . ) it 's a temporary solution . int . white house - subterranean hallway - night a doctor and two nurse wheel a gurney in front of they while Bob and reed trail behind . reed till what ? bob tilt we figure something out . reed Bob , the guy have a stroke ! reed look at he like he 's nut as they turn a corner in the hallway . bob look , everything can be handle . we will just find a way to handle it . reed ( stop ) like how ? bob ( big smile ) well , start by go on television and say that he 's have a mild stroke ... reed mild stroke ? bob yes - - and that he ought to be up and around sometime soon . reed up and around ? soon ? bob soon . CUT to : resume - ext . WASHINGTON D.C. - aerial shot - night a lone black limousine head down Connecticut Avenue toward the mall . dave ( v.0 . ) you know , I think I have be real cooperative up until now but ... it bear right on Pennsylvania Avenue , angle south . dave just tell I where we be go . the car turn right into the driveway of the White House . dave Holy shit . int . oval office - night Dave sit freeze in a armchair across from the President 's desk . there be twenty - foot window that lead out to the Rose Garden and two huge flag on either side of the desk . Alan reed lean nonchalantly on one of the chair . Bob stand nearby . reed ( all schmooz ) Dave , my name be Alan reed . I be the White House Communications director . this be Bob Alexander , we Chief of staff. ( smile ) we meet you earlier tonight at the hotel , remember ? Dave nod , freeze in he chair . reed can I get you something to drink ? he shake he head . reed you sure ? a Coke or a perrier or something ? dave ( still freeze ) oh yeah ... 1 be fine ... reed flash he a smile and glance over at bob. reed ( move toward he ) now , Dave , something have come up and I think we need to talk about it ... dave ( blurt it out ) look , I be sorry . I know you say not to talk , but when I see the crowd I just get excited ... reed we be not upset with you , Dave . we think you do a terrific job . ( to Bob ) do not we ? bob ( all tension ) terrific . reed smile at Dave , who muster a little smile in return . reed in fact , we think you do such a good job , we would like to extend thing a little bit . dave extend thing ? reed ( nodd ) extend they . ( beat ) c'mere for a second . he place a hand on Dave 's shoulder and motion toward the desk . Dave hesitates , then follow he over . different angle reed pull out the President 's chair and motion to it . reed try it out . Dave look down at the chair in wonder . reed go ahead . Dave pause for a moment then sink down into the soft brown leather . he stare out in awe across the oval Office . different angle reed look over at Bob , who nod at he . he take a deep breath . reed Dave , something have happen to the President . dave ( whirling ) oh my God ... reed ( soothing he ) I know ... I know ... ( pause ) it 's difficult for all of we . but sometimes we have to put we personal feeling aside and focus on the gqod of the country . dave ( beat ) what happen ? reed well , it 's ... it 's sort of a ... a `incident ' really ... bob ( nodd ) a condition ... reed exactly . a condition . Dave nod but still do not understand . reed hesitates when Bob glare at he again . reed it 's actually kind of serious , Dave . I be afraid the President 's not in very good shape . dave ( actually shake ) oh my gosh ... he sit there , stunne for a moment . dave will he be alright ? reed oh , yeah ... probably ... bob we think so . reed yes . dave ( beat ) oh. reed move closer . reed Dave , we need we friend and even we enemy to feel safe and secure ... we need they to feel like they can go to bed at night know President Mitchell be fully in control ... we need they to feel like he 's sit right here in this chair ... Bob and reed just stare at he . Dave nod , then suddenly jump out of the chair . dave hey - - wait a second ... he stare at they for a beat ... dave what about the vice President ? rted ( panicked ) vice presidant ? bob well ... we do not want to have to get into this but ... ( deadly serious ) ... the vice President be mentally unbalance . reed 's eye go wide . Bob stare straight ahead . dave ( stunne ) no. reed ( catch on ) I be afraid so . dave really ? crazy ? bob certifiable . Dave look at they amaze . Bob move closer to the desk . bob how much do you usually get pay ? dave ( lose ... ) uh -- I do not know . sometimes it 's just like a barter thing ... be this legal ? reed stop and look at Bob for a moment . he turn back to Dave . reed ( evenly ) Dave - - have you ever drive through a red light ? Dave stare at he . reed you know , on a empty road where you know it 's safe and nobody 's around ... dave I be not sure ... I might have . reed well , let 's say you mother be in the car and you have to get she to a hospital . you would do it then for sure would not you ? dave well ... I gue I would ... yeah . reed ( beat ) now , let 's say the whole country . be in that car . the entire United States of America . dave in the car ? reed ( nodd ) in the car . dave I see what you mean . reed smile at he and rest a gentle hand on he shoulder . reed Dave , the country be sick . and we be gonna get it to a hospital . closeup - dave he stare at they for a moment then smile slightly ... CUT to : int . third floor residence - night a pair of gilt -edge door swing open to reveal a massive bedroom beyond . it be fifty - foot long and twenty - foot wide . brocade drapery hang from the window and a four-poster bed stretch to the ceiling . bob this be the live quarter . the President 's bedroom be on this side and the first Lady 's be over there . wider Dave walk forward in awe . dave ( concerned ) first Lady ... bob do not worry . you will not even see she . Dave look at he , puzzle . Bob glance back . bob ( cluing he in ) they barely talk anymore . dave you be kid ? bob it happen . this be where you will be sleep . Bob fling open the door . Dave enter the room and look around . dave ( gawk ) Holy cow . bob we will be back for you first thing tomorrow and if you need I for anything , duane will be right outside the door . dave ( still stunne ) oh ... okay . closeup - dave he break out into a " presidential " grin ... CUT to : int . " the CBS morning news " studio - full shot - kathleen sullivan she stare straight into the camera with " the Morning show " set behind she . kathleen sullivan ... the White House now classify the President 's condition as a `slight circulatory problem of the head . ' closeup - tv set kathleen sullivan ( v.0 . ) although technically a stroke , spokesman say the President 's condition be far from serious and he ought to be up and around sometime soon . the camera widen out to reveal that the tv be in : int . bob be office - dawn the first ray of sunrise be break through the window . reed sit on the couch hold a large rubber ice bag while Bob pace across the rug . reed do you know how many different kind of law we have break ? bob ( turn ) it 's simple , Alan . we send the vice - President to Africa or something , dig up some dirt on he , force he to resign and get we ` President ' to nominate a new one . the whole thing take a few week top . dave - Rev. 7/22/92 31 . reed ( smile ) you mean we get ` Dave ' to nominate you as vice President . bob I be a senator , you know . reed ( innocently ) oh , I know . and then when we poor President get another stroke - - of course much more serious this time - - the newly appoint v.p. become the pre ... bob ( cut he off ) what about containment , Alan ? reed heave a sigh and look at he note . reed I get the nurse for fifty grand a piece and the doctor for a hundred . the older one want head of the cdc . bob ( turn ) be that everybody ? reed duane 's guy , but he 's get they under control . bob what about she . reed her ?... oh -- the first Lady ... ( beat ) she be give that commencement speech up in bryn mawr . I manage to catch she before she leave the hotel . bob and ... reed ( evenly ) I tell she he blood pressure go up after a little incident at ` the hotel . ' she seem to hate he more than ever . bob Fine . reed ( toss down he legal pad ) everybody else be buy the minor stroke ' story ... bob ( nodd ) I just hope this yutz can pull it off . CUT to : int . white house infirmary - day Dave sit up on the examine table with he shirt off . Bob , reed and three other vascular specialist watch attentively while the President 's personal physician put a stethoscope to he chest . doctor ( lowering it ) well , I must say , Mr. President , even for a man with a mild stroke you seem to have make a remarkable recovery . dave ( happy as a clam ) thanks . I be feel much better . reed smile like a proud father . doctor ( glance at he chart ) no sign of paralysis , no circulatory change . you e.m.g. be completely normal and you blood pressure have even go down . ( beat ) have you be exercise recently ? dave ( shrugging ) just the usual .. watch the diet -- a little weight lift ... some power talk ... Bob shoot he a look . doctor ( nodd with the other physician ) well , judge from this test , I do not see any reason why you could not start back to work within a couple of day . Dave look at they and smile . CUT to : int . president's outer office - little later Dave move through the outer office flanke by Bob and reed . he wear a blue presidential jogging suit with a little gold seal embroider on the chest . Dave approach a line of secretary stand behind they desk . bob ( under he breath ) now , remember -- keep it simple . dave do not worry . he bang into the side of a credenza . Bob and reed freeze as Dave gather himself then keep go . dave ( walk up to the first one ) good morning , Clara ... clara ( secretary ) good morning , Mr. President . dave ( to second one ... ) good morning , Diane ... diane ( secretary ) good morning , sir . dave good morning , randi ... different angle she lean forward , grasp he hand , desperately . randi ( welling with tear ) oh , good morning , Mr. President . I be so relieved that you be alright . you really have I scared . Dave smile and nod as she continue to clutch onto he hand . Bob and reed take he by the shoulder and move he inside ... int . oval office he be still stare at the doorway as they close the door to the office . dave what 's with she ? bob ( still pull he ) do not worry about it . Dave glance back toward the door . reed she 's just a little emotional -- she feel kind of attach to the President . Dave nod as they deposit he in the President 's chair . reed slide the phone in front of he . bob okay , let 's go over it again . you meet a girl , you fall in love ... dave and we be go away for a holiday . bob ( hand he the receiver ) for a month . dave a month . bob right and do not embellish . dave ( shaking he head ) I promise . I will not . Bob slide the phone closer as he begin to dial the number . int . kovic temps - day Alice be sit at she desk stare at a large rock on she finger . she talk into the telephone , extend she hand in the manner of all newly - engage woman . alice I could not believe it . as soon as we sit down he pull out this ring ... ( beam ) ... oh I know - - I just get so emotional . the waiter have to bring I another napkin . 42 continued : ( al ) ring . a light indicate the second line start blink . alice hang on . ( switch line ) kovic temps ( beat ) Dave ! where be you ? ( pause ) you meet who ?.. , you be go where ? ( beat ) Cancun . there be a longer pause . alice no , that 's fine ... no , I think it 's great .. , sure , I understand I will ... okay ... ' bye . she pause for a moment then hit the first line all over again , alice he 's in love thank God ! CUT to : ext . white house - day sander vanocur stand just outside the white House gate , filing he nightly report . sander vanocur the President continue he convalescence , rest in the white House for the second straight day . his personal physician pronounce he in perfectly good health ... full shot - president's physician - ( SOUND bite ) president ' S physician I have examine he thoroughly and I must say , I do not think I have ever see the President in better shape . int . white house barber Dave 's initial rinse be replace with a professional dye job . int . dave' room newly coiff , Dave try on a series of hand - tailore suit hang on a rack in the middle of he room . int . bathroom reed watch while Dave struggle vainly in the mirror with he first set of contact lense sander vanocur ( v.0 . ) the President be able to attend to some official business on Wednesday , and continue to be brief on all area of national concern ... int . oval office reed stand in front of the desk point to a large organizational chart of government you the congress ---------------------THE judiciary . house -----senate supreme court joint chief -----the cabinet -----N.S.C. int . cabinet room he sit at the President 's spot in the middle of the cabinet table . propped up in all the other chair , be poster-size photograph of the various cabinet member . Bob point to one as Dave think for a moment , then guess ... int . state dine room he stare in wonder at a full , formal placettiset . there be five fork , three knife and a countless number of spoon . Dave look at it all , baffle for a moment , while reed guide he hand toward the fish knife ... sander vanocur so confident be the white House in the President 's recovery , that they have just send the vice President on a twelve nation African goodwill tour ... this be sander vanocur at the white House . int . white house briefing room - day Dave enter from the back of the room , flanke by Bob and reed on either side . they make they way down the aisle toward a large wooden podium with the " seal of the President " on the front . bob first thing we be gonna work on be the mannerism . Alan have put together sort of a training program dave great . they lead he through the empty press chair toward the front of the room . reed climb up the short step that lead to the podium . reed now some of this may feel a bit strange at first . you gotta remember that even a professional politician have some trouble get use to ... dave ( stop ) a teleprompter . reed what ? Dave wander forward stare in wonder at the clear glass panel . dave the teleprompter . be it hook up ? reed I do not think so . dave ( disappointed ) oh. he fold he arm in front of he turn to Bob and reed . reed ( beat ) as I be say , no one expect you to be Bill Mitchell overnight . the important thing to remember be he general presence . dave ( nodd ) presence . reed right . now whenever he stand at a podium , the President always put one hand in the pocket of he coat ... dave ( nodd ) at a press conference . reed what ? dave that 's at a press conference . otherwise he just put `em right out there . they look at each other for a moment . bob I be not certain about ... dave oh , sure . remember the convention speech ? Dave put he hand on either side of the podium . dave ( in a perfect Bill Mitchell ) ' a America stronger than the one we be give . a America prouder than the one we find . ' ( turn to they ) he have them right there on the side . they stare at he in amazement . reed ( first time he 's hear the voice ) you know that 's very good . ... while Dave turn to they with a smile . dave oh , I love that speech . Dave bring he hand to he forehead , scan a imaginary horizon . reed thanks , I write it . dave ( drippingly dramatic ) ... somewhere there be a distant light , guide we through this rocky shoal ... ' reed Dave ... dave ( clutching he " breast " ) ' America be not in what we say here tonight -- it 's in the face and the smile of a Sunday afternoon ...' ( aside ) Hand on the heart ... bob Dave ... dave ( sweep up in it ) it 's in the little leaguer who may strike out but know in he heart that at least swing ... ( aside ) hand to the side ... reed ( louder ) Dave ! dave ( not hearing they ) '... it 's in the gentle kindness of the family kitchen as we gather together when the sun go down ... ' he exhales deeply and lower he head almost tearfully . Bob and reed look at he stunne as he come out of the reverie and turn to face they . dave ( upbeat ) so when do we start ? CUT to : ext . white house - closeup - andrea mitchell - she continue with she report speak directly into the camera : andrea mitchell Tom , virtually every reporter in Washington be campe out here await the President 's first appearance since he stroke ... widening out : andrea Mitchell stand campe on the White House lawn amidst a small army of minicam , truck and reporter . they all seem focus on the Truman balcony . andrea mitchell even though some may find he recovery amazing , White House official claim they never expect less from a man who always expect so much from himself . int . yellow oval room - day Dave stand , in he new blue suit , peek out the window at the circus below . dave ( turn back ) I think you say I be not go to see she . reed it 's just five minute . she come in . you wave to the press . she leave . dave yeah , but the first Lady ... could not we start with a cousin or something ? reed she hardly ever see he and it will be so fast , she will not have a chance to tell . bob be a professional . if you can convince she - - you can convince anybody . dave ( reluctantly ) ... alright . bob now when she come in , we will move you right out to the balcony . all you have to say be `thanks for do this , ellen . ' dave ` thanks for do this , ellen . ' reed exactly . ( lowering he voice ) she do not always like this stuff and it might soften she up . Dave continue practice " thanks ... " bob ( hit the intercom ) we be ready . Bob rise from the couch and cross to the doorway at the far corner of the room . reed lead Dave to the large double door that open onto the balcony itself . closeup - dave he jiggle nervously for a moment . Dave take a large wad of gum from he mouth and stick it quickly under the mantel piece ... woman ( o.s. ) why can not you die from a stroke like everybody else ? dave' Pov - door he turn to see ellen Mitchell , glaring at he from the doorway . everyone in the room freeze . angle - dave he be stunne by she beauty . Dave just stare at she as she cross the room . ellen ( to Dave ) what be you stare at ? dave ( too stunne to talk ) uh ... reed ( jump in ) we be gonna do it right out here . she stop just before the window , then turn back to look Dave in the eye . ellen who be it , Bill ? a Secretary ? he have nothing to say and just stare at she . reed nudge he a little . dave thanks for do this , ellen . ellen go tuck yourself , Bill . bob well , perhaps we can get start now . she move directly onto the balcony , leave Dave behind . he stand there dumbfounded , as reed take he by the arm , and gently push he out after she . ext . white house - truman balcony - day Dave stumble out and find ellen , already poise at the rail wave to the crowd . closer . ellen ( in a whisper ) and you can tell that two pit viper this be the last one of this I will be do for a while . she take he hand , display it publicly . Dave look down at he hand in hers . the heat of she skin go right to he brain . reed ( o.s. ) ( loud whisper ) smile ! Dave smile . reed ( o.s. ) ( louder whisper ) Wave ! Dave wave . wider . including reporter . reporter # 1 how do you feel , Mr. President ? yellow room Bob and reed be huddle beside the window . reed ( stage whisper ) Fine . balcony dave Fine . reporter # 2 ready to go back to work ? yellow room reed ( louder whisper ) you bet . balcony dave you bet . ellen I be outta here . she drop he hand , turn and go back through the door leave Dave alone on the balcony . he stand there for a moment , then turn and follow she inside . int . yellow oval room - day she be halfway across the room when ellen suddenly stop and do a one - eighty in the middle of the carpet . ellen do not you have anything to say to I ? dave ( think ) thanks for do this , ellen ? ellen you do not change , do you , Bill ? she turn and move through the door , slamm it behind she . dave ( stunne ) she hate I . bob & reed ( throw they arm around each other ) yes !!! CUT to : ext . white house - night all the reporter have go home and the only remnant be scattered piece of trash that blow across the lawn . int . write house hallway - night duane sit poise in he chair , just outside Dave 's door . he sleep soundly , when the door open a crack behind he . dave ( softly ) duane ? his eye bolt open as he turn around slowly . dave ... can I get a bite ? I be kinda hungry . int . white house kitchen - walk -in refrigerator - night it be cavernous and huge -- the size of small garage . Dave move delighted down the long row of food stuff while duane shiver slightly behind he . dave ( grin ) you gotta try this . it 's my special sandwich . Dave load up with food and smile at duane . dave everybody love this sandwich . int . kitchen counter and begin to go to work when duane appear Dave emerge with a pile of food . he lay it on the behind he . ( beat ) duane what 's in it ? dave ( turn ) oh , that 's a secret . duane nod and avert he eye as Dave begin to apply the meat . dave so , how long have they be like that - - you know , he and the first Lady ? duane I can not say . dave you mean you do not know or like -- you can not say . duane ( same inflection ) I can not say . dave oh. Dave pause , then start add the lettuce . dave so you just protect the President the whole time ? that 's you whole job ? duane yeah . dave ( turn ) you get a gun ? duane of course . Dave glance around the kitchen and lower he voice . ave can I see it ? duane well , it 's really not policy to ... dave ( quickly ) I understand . Dave turn back to the sandwich while duane look at he for a moment . duane roll he eye and unbutton the front of he coat revealing a fifteen round beretta . dave ( look at the gun ) you ever use it ? duane no . dave huh. ( right back to the sandwich ) you know what I always wonder the way they say you guy would take a bullet for the President . duane what about it ? dave well , be that really true ? I mean , would you really get kill just to save he life . duane certainly . Dave cut the sandwich in half turn back to duane . dave so that mean , now you would get kill for I too ? duane look at he , stunne by the realization . Dave smile and move forward , extend the sandwich . dave here . try this . dave - Rev. 8/7/92 46 . duane stare at it for a moment , then lift the sandwich in a daze . ext . downtown WASHINGTON D.C. - day the camera begin to push in on a small elegant restaurant . reed clean . bob what do you mean , he 's clean ? int . duke1 restaurant - day it 's a Washington mecca for the power lunch . Bob and reed sit in a corner booth with a manilla folder between they . reed ( agitate ) I mean I have check everything . women. liquor ... finance . I go all the way back to he high school race for student body president . bob no one get to be vice President by be that clean . reed the guy 's a Boy scout , Bob . he declare frequent flyer mile on he income tax return . reed twist in he chair while Bob check out the dossier . bob what about the wife ? reed clean . bob check he kid . reed clean . bob nobody 's get clean kid . reed we have get nothing , Bob . this will not work . bob if we find nothing , we get creative . just make something up . instead of a couple week it will be a couple of month . the whole thing be under control . reed ( lean forward ; tense whisper ) you think we can keep this thing go for a couple of month ! at that moment , a distinguished man move up the table , clap a hand on reed 's shoulder . distinguished man ( strong Southern accent ) Bob ... Alan ... you boy sure look great . ( lean closer ) I think he sound even better and he do before this stroke . he let out a rich , throaty laugh , full of booze and cigarettes . Bob smile at he . bob well , thanks very much , judge . we will tell he you send you best . distinguished man you take care , now . bob yeah , you , too . the man move on as they look at one another ... CUT to : AIR force one ( stock footage ) the President 's private 747 soar into the wild blue yonder . ext . general motor assembly plant ( deerborne michigan ') - day the huge " GM " sign stand prominently in the f.g. below it they motto read : " Mark of excellence . " int . assembly line - day Dave be escort through the plant by the GM president and a large entourage . Bob and reed hover a couple of step behind as Dave listen to the tour . GM president now this man be use a robotic mechanism for pick up the engine . the large arm that you see duplicate all of he arm movement exactly , so it 's as if he 's lift two thousand pound . they pause in front of a large assembly area . ' one of the worker stand at a machine with he arm stick in two long rubber sleeve . above he , a pair of mechanical arm hoist a engine high into the air . dave ( beat ) can I try it ? GM president huh ? uh , well ... bob Mr. President ... dave I mean , if it 's a problem ... GM president no , no . it 's really quite simple . just come on over here . the GM executive lead Dave toward the huge machine . he smile as a army of camera press in closer . GM president now , you slip you hand into this sleeve here ... Dave nod and do as he be tell . all at once the two 12 - foot arm shoot straight up into the air . he smile with delight as the massive robot come alive in he hand . Dave lift he arm over he head and the huge claw point straight toward the ceiling . he stick they out to the side and the robot do the same . dave I once catch a fish this big . Dave stick he arm out to he side and the huge claw indicate a 40 - foot fish . a roar go up from the crowd as a slight smile start to spread across reed 's face ... reed ( almost in awe ) he 's a soundbite machine ... Bob glance over at he ... CUT to : omitted gergen and shield ( macneil lehrer newshour ) - full shot two of the most famous pundit in America sit side by side on the pbs set . gergen I do not know about you , Mark , but I do not think I have ever see the President as relaxed or comfortable with himself as he be right now . shield oh , I agree , David . I do not know who give he happy pill but this be a pretty unbelievable transformation . gergen well , I think it 's a kind of ' rebirth ' really . this be a man who 's stare death in the face and it 's obviously have a profound effect on he . shield look , if that 's what a stroke will do for ya , I will take a couple of dozen . CUT to : closeup -reed he stare out of frame expectantly with the grin of a excited child ... the camera widen out to reveal : ext . white house lawn - day Dave romp on all four with the cocker spaniel ( cupcake ) that use to serve as the President 's prop . he hold one end of a towel in he mouth while the dog tug feverishly at the other . wider a hundred shutter click at once while the White House press corps strain on they barricade ... CUT to : ext . white house - upward angle ellen watch the spectacle from a second floor window . ellen what a jerk . CUT to : ext . white house lawn - day Dave stand , in the presidential jogging suit , next to Arnold schwarzenegger . they be surround by twenty or thirty fourth grader , all there to demonstrate they physical fitness . Arnold hit the deck in a flurry of push-up -- urging the President to follow suit . Dave hit the deck as well , match the superstar rep for rep . the camera explode in a loud volley of shutter FIRE . reed grin all over again ... CUT to : ext . south lawn - day Dave stand face to face with the japanese Prime Minister in a full diplomatic ceremony . he listen to he interpreter for a moment , then bow stiffly from the waist . the Prime Minister bow in return . Dave bow again . the Prime Minister bow again . Dave bow again . the Prime Minister bow again . closer loser Dave head - fake but the Prime Minister bow anyway . Dave let out a ear to ear grin as the shutter FIRE once more ... CUT to : jay leno ( the tonight show ) - full shot he stand in front of that famous curtain do he nightly monologue . leno how ' bout the President this day huh ? one minute he have a stroke the next he 's do push-up . must make it a lot easier on the secret service when all they have to worry about be kryptonite . the audience clap in approval ... CUT to : int . east wing - day Dave move through the East wing with a entourage of presidential aide . different angle Dave glance to he right and hesitates for a moment . there , in she own suite of office , be ellen Mitchell with she back to Dave , talk on the phone . angle - dave he 's draw momentarily to she presence , but be force to continue down the hallway with he entourage ... CUT to : int . cabinet room - day he sit at the center of the long cabinet table , surround by the 14 member . Dave clutches a stack of 3 x5 card , as he glance around the room . dave - Rev. 7/27/92 51a . dave ( read from the first card ) okay -- first we be gonna hear from Ted on the land management legislation ... closeup - dave he glance back toward Bob and reed with a proud look on he face ... CUT to : omitted int . dave' room - night he stand by the President 's bureau , look through the drawer . Dave pull out some sock and a old use hair net . he discard it quickly and move onto the next . Dave open the bottom drawer and glance down at the content . he pause for a moment , draw by what he see . closer Dave reach down and pull a frame picture from the President 's bottom drawer . insert - picture frame a young , happy Bill Mitchell stand next to he bride . he wear a morning - coat and top hat with the biggest smile in the world . of course , a young Bill Mitchell could just as easily be a young Dave kovic ... angle - dave he stare at the photograph of " he " and ellen , relive a history that he never experience . CUT to : omitted int . first lady office - day it be more functional than ornamental . the chippendale furniture be cover up with papers and box and large stack of newsclippings . several aide move in and out of the room while a mute tv set play in the b.g . ellen ( into phone ) you be misinterprete it , Nathan -- that 's not what the study say . it say if the mother get less than 1100 calory the child would risk a low birthrate ... as a aide come up to she with a small stack of papers , ellen notice the tv . ellen Nathan ?... hang on a second . ( to the aide ) will you turn that thing up ? closeup - television set ( the mclaughlin group ) mclaughlin group - day part wrestle match , part news analysis , part Roman circus : the most famous political talk show in America be well underway : mclaughlin issue one : ' the New Bill Mitchell . ' two week after he brush with death the President be suddenly bound around the country with the energy of a high school track star . be this merely overcompensation or the indefatigable greatness of a truly great man . ( turn to kondracke ) mor-ton ... mort kondracke well , he look pretty great to I . I think the President be show the same strength of character he do when he first get elect . eleanor clift you know , mort , every time this guy have a blip in the poll you start genuflect ... mort kondracke ( defensive ) hey -- I think he look great . CHRIS mathews ( cut in ) yeah , he look great ' cause they be makin ' he look great . this puppet show at the auto plant be the most manipulative piece of political theater I have ever see . fred barne oh , come on , Chris . you be just steam ' cause he 's do well . CHRIS mathews I be not ... fred barne be he do well ? CHRIS mathews well ... yeah ... he 's do well ... mclaughlin ( the final word ) answer : he 's do very well . we will get to prediction right after this . the theme music come up as they go to commercial . int . first lady office - closeup - ellen - day she stare at the set , skeptically ... CUT to : ext . baltimore memorial stadium - night Dave stand at the edge of the grass in a oriole 's jacket with " prez " on the back . the manager of the team hand he a baseball while forty thousand fan stand cheer at they seat . public address announcer ( v.0 . ) lady and gentleman , throw out the ceremonial first pitch ... ( pause ) the President of the United States . Dave hop over the little railing that separate he box from the field . the catcher stand a few foot away give he a target with the glove , but Dave shake he head and wave he over to the mound . different angle the catcher look a little baffle as Dave stride across the foul line with a grin on he face . the forty thousand fan start to go wild as he climb up on the mound , tucking the ball behind he back . reverse angle - catcher he stand at the plate stick out he glove to give Dave a bigger target . the President look at he for a second , then motion he into a crouch . angle - dave he spit on the mound and spread he finger in a fork - ball grip . the catcher sink into a crouch as Dave go into a wind - up and bust off a perfect curve-ball . the catcher look at it astonished as it " break " into he mitt . the crowd go nut ... CUT to : omitted " larry king live " - day a75 Larry sit at he desk with he famous stand - up mike in front of he . larry king we be back with Oliver Stone , talk about what seem like a pretty far - fetch theory ... wider Oliver Stone sit across the desk . oliver stone there 's something go on here , Larry , and no one be tell we the truth . larry king Oliver , the guy have a little stroke . he 's enjoy life a little ... oliver stone ( lean forward ; half whisper ) if you look at a photograph of Bill Mitchell before the stroke , and another one right after ... larry king be not you be a little paranoid ? oliver stone have you compare the photograph ? Larry King look at he and shake he head ... CUT to : int . dave' room - night he lie on he bed , with the remote control in he hand , do a split - second tour of the channel . Dave look toward the french door that lead to the fourth floor balcony . ext . balustrade - night Dave toss open the door and step outside . he stretch out he limb , stare at the magnificent view of the city . different angle he look off toward the other side of the White House ; ellen 's side . a single curtain billow out of a open window . Dave can not help himself . he start across the terrace . following dave Dave reach the open doorway and slide quickly against the wall . slowly , carefully he bend he head and peek into the room . int . ellen' bedroom - davey Pov she sit on she bed , surround by some work papers . in the warm light of the room , through the billow curtain , ellen 's skin seem to glow . she stop read for a moment and brushes aside a loose strand of hair . ext . balustrade - wider Dave stare at she , transfix . suddenly , a light come on in a nearby room cause Dave to jump back with a start . he sneak a final peek and hurry toward he room ... CUT to : int . reed' office - day he sit at he white marble italian desk , talk on the phone when Bob come storming into the room . reed ( check he schedule ) okay , let 's see ... you can have he on Tuesday the 25th ... bob ( o.s. ) be you out of you mind ? wider he bang down a copy of the week 's schedule , look reed in the eye . reed uh , let I get back to you ... bob you schedule a whole day with the first Lady ? reed ( hang up ) it 's a homeless shelter . bob oh. Excuse I . reed it 's gonna be great . ' care about he wife . ' ' spend time on she favorite issue ... ' bob I do not want he caring about he wife ! what about the vice President ! reed remember that first Liberty stuff we almost get nail on ? bob yeah ... reed I just dumped it on he instead . Bob look at he stunne . bob when do it break ? reed ( shrugging ) couple of day . ( show he a folder ) anyhow , look at this tracking poll , they will burn up in you hand : seventy - three percent with senior , eighty - four with work mother ... bob ( a little uneasy ) Alan , we still have to control this guy ... reed ( ignore he ) and look at this . Russell come around on the trade bill . bob ( stunne ) you be kid . reed how long have you be wait to pass that thing ? bob Three year . reed I be tell you , Bob , it 's a gift . when you get a Ferrari you do not leave it in the garage . CUT to : presidential motorcade - aerial shot - day 80 the long line of black limousine and police motorcycle make its way through downtown Washington . int . presidential limousine Dave sit next to the first Lady in the back seat of the limo . both of they stare straight ahead . finally , after several second of silence , ellen turn to Dave . ellen why be you do this , Bill ? he look over at she , startle . dave what ? ellen ( irritate ) since when do you care about the homeless ? Dave think for a moment . dave ( beat ) I care about the homeless . ellen yeah . I be sure it 's keep you up night . she turn away from he , twist in the seat . the bottom of ellen 's skirt hike up she thigh , expose the top part of she leg . Dave look down at it , draw to the sight of naked flesh . sense something , ellen glance back and catch he look . closer they eye lock for a moment . Dave smile quickly and glance out the window . ellen look down at she own leg a little puzzle . ext . helping hand shelter - day the sidewalk be teeming with press . the shelter itself be paint a bright shade of blue - - a cheery little island in a sea of graffiti . a small group of community leader wait by the front door while the presidential limousine pull up to the curb . closer the door pop open as ellen and Dave step out . he turn and wave to the crowd while she stare straight ahead . reed hurry up to they . reed ( under he breath ) okay , it 's straight klick and smile but there 's a great visual in the kitchen so make sure you stop at the soup . she shoot he a glare as they reach the top of the stair . Dave nod and they move forward to greet the community leader . int . shelter he take a couple of step inside , then suddenly stop . the smile fade as he eye go wide . dave' Pov it be more a nursery school than a homeless shelter . twenty to thirty child , most of they black , stand formally assemble in front of the President . ellen ( good at this ) one of the thing they be try to do here at helping Hand , be keep verbal skill alive . the first thing that go with this kid be they ability to communicate and they need to get to they before this happen . she glance over she shoulder . Dave have wander forward to the edge of the large rubber mat . everyone stare , stunne , as he look at the kid for a moment , then sink suddenly to he knee . dave ( quietly ) hi there . angle - PRESS corp the camera surge forward to the side of the play area . the shutter FIRE wildly as Dave glance up at the cardboard cut - out . dave ( quietly ) you like cartoon ? the kid do not respond . they stare at the crush of reporter and glance tv light . dave ( turn toward the camera ) could you just stop that for a second . everyone freeze . the camera crew back up a step as Dave turn back toward the kid . dave ( softer ) you like tweety Bird ? a few of they nod . closeup - ellen she stare in disbelief as she husband sit cross -legge in the middle of the mat . he lean forward , into the child , talk like a kindergarten teacher . angle - play area dave so , which one do you like ? a four -year -old tug gently at he sleeve . he wear donate overall and a n.y. Met T-shirt . kid ( four - year -old ) ( in a lisp ) sylvester . dave ( smile ) sylvester ? the boy nod . dave but he 's a cat . angle - reed he beam from ear to ear as the photo - op materialize in front of he eye . Dave glance over at he , cupping he hand in a whisper . dave ( side of he mouth ) gimme a quarter . reed ( confuse ) what ? dave Quick . gimme a quarter . wider reed fish through he pocket and come up with a coin . he move to the mat , slip it to Dave . angle - dave dave ( lean forward ) okay - - what can run all day without get tired . the kid look at he , baffle . Dave reach out slowly and tap the side of he nose . dave ( gently ) well , it 's not you ear . kid ( lighting up ) my nose ? angle - ellen she watch in amazement as she husband reach out and " magically " produce a quarter from the side of the child 's nose . Dave look up at she with a smile , and they eye lock as a hundred shutter fire at once ... CUT to : int . " nightline " - full shot - ted koppel - night koppel what make a man rise to a particular moment in history ? what make a man in the thicket of middle age , suddenly rediscover himself with the wonder of a child . closer ( switching cameras ) koppel later on tonight , we will talk with Dr. Henry Mueller who be a expert in the psychological effect of a mid-life health crisis ... and to gail sheehy , who have just co- author a book on male menopause . CUT to : ext . white house - night the sound of a man humming " hail to the Chief " play o.s. dave - Rev. 7/22/92 63. int . president's bathroom - night steam billow up in the shower while Dave scrub shampoo into he hair . he massage it vigorously into he scalp while the hum continue . dave ` bum , bum da dum ... ' he rinse it out and reach for the soap . it 's a small soap on a rope " design to look like the presidential seal ... woman I can not believe you would do something like that . not even you . wider the door to the shower swing open as ellen materialize . no queen of England ever look more regal than ellen Mitchell in she cloud of steam . different angle ellen how could you ? Dave jump with a start , then turn away from she quickly , bashfully face the tile . he look back at ellen over he shoulder . dave ... how could I what ? ellen oh , come on , Bill . do not patronize I . I be not one of you little ... ( beat ) turn around . I be talk to you !... turnaround ! Dave steel himself then turn slowly around to face she . he strike a " stoic " pose . ellen ( tremble slightly ) ... you know , if you want to be the same old bastard , that 's fine . I can handle it . but do not pull this ' man of the people ' bullshit and then do something like this . dave ( freeze ; feel - very expose ) I do not understand . ellen ( exasperate ) that 's not just a work bill you vetoed -- that would have give this kid home ... ( lose it a little ) ... when I think about that little spectacle you pull with that muppet and that magic trick ... dave what 's wrong with a magic trick ? ellen you make they funding disappear ! Dave recoil a little . dave look . if there be some mistake ... ellen ( in a rage ) there 's no mistake , Bill . if you veto they funding , it 's not a mistake . if you hurt someone intentionally , it 's not a mistake . she turn and leave through the steam disappear as suddenly as she come . Dave hesitates for a instant , then start right after she . int . hallway duane be seat at he regular post when ellen come stalking out of Dave 's suite . he look up in amazement as Dave run out a moment later . he 's drip wet and clutching a bath towel around he waist . dave ( turn to duane ) call Bob and reed . tell they I need they immediately . duane but it 's ten-thirty at night . Dave turn and give he a " presidential " glare . duane ( back off ) yeah , sure . you get it . int . oval office - night Dave be seat at he desk , hair still wet , dress in the presidential jogging suit . the door burst open . it 's Bob and reed . bob what the hell be this ? dave what the hell be this ? Bob and reed cross over toward the desk as Dave slam down a copy of roll up newspaper . bob ( look at it ) the Washington Post . dave ( pound he finger on the front page ) no ... Bob glance at the paper then hand it to reed . reed ( look at it ; shrugging ) President vetoe work bill ? dave we vetoed that ? bob ( a slow boil ) no !... we do not anything ... reed ( intercede ) Dave , this thing get awfully complicated sometimes ... dave that shelter be in this bill . bob ( lose it ) Alan dave lot of shelter be in this bill . bob ( move toward he ) ) listen , you little ... reed ( cut in ) Dave , the budget 's a very complicated thing . even I do not understand it sometimes . now occasionally we have to make some cut and ... dave but we go there . we see that kid . bob yeah . and if you can find a way to cut three hundre and fifty million dollar from the federal budget , then you can keep you lousy shelter , okay . Dave just look at he for a moment . ext . white house - day a small Ford escort with a thrifty rent -a- car sticker pull up to the East Gate of the White House . it stop just short of the guard station , then roll forward a few foot and stop again . angle - murray he lean out of the window , squinting into the sun . Murray hold a mangle map of Washington in he hand . murray ( terrify ) I be here to see ... the President ? the guard look at he without respond . murray he ask I to come . the guard reach for the phone and dial a few number . Murray jiggle nervously in he seat . int . oval office - night he sit in the exact same chair that Dave occupy on he arrival . Murray stare across the oval Office with a terrify look on he face . murray ( urgent whisper ) I be serious , Dave -- you could get in a lot of trouble for something like this . dave it 's fine . murray they could put you in jail . dave why would they do that . they hire I . Murray just stare at he . dave it 's kind of a national emergency thing . I can not really talk about it ... ( confidentially ) pay I big money too . c'mere . he lead Murray from the chair to the other side of the desk . Dave reach down open the bottom drawer . dave see . insert - desk drawer it be full of money . neat little stack of hundred dollar bill . angle - murray he look at it wide - eye , freeze by what he see . murray ( whisper ; indicate the wall ) be we be tape ? dave I do not think so murray this be undeclared income . dave and who 's gonna find out ? murray the government dave I be the government . Murray turn and look at he best friend , speechless . he stare at Dave for a couple of second when a strange look of wonder cross he face . dave I know -- kind of wild , huh ? ( beat ) let 's get to work . CUT to : ext . white house - night a light be burn in the second floor residence . int . presidential dine room - later it be a large oak - line room in the private residence . Dave and Murray sit on either side of a huge dining table with papers strewn all around they . in front of Murray sit a large , leather bound volume of the federal budget . murray I gotta tell ya , Dave . I have be go over this a bunch of time and a lot of this stuff just do not add up . ( beat ) who do this book ? dave I be not sure . ext . white house - night a light be burn in the second floor residence . int . presidential dine room - later it be a large oak - line room in the private residence . Dave and Murray sit on either side of a huge dining table with papers strewn all around they . in front of Murray sit a large , leather bound volume of the federal budget . murray I gotta tell ya , Dave . I have be go over this a bunch of time and a lot of this stuff just do not add up . ( beat ) who do this book ? dave I be not sure . murray I just think they make this stuff a lot more complicated than it have to be . dave I be not surprised . ( beat ) can we save anywhere ? murray well , yeah . but you gotta start make some choice . dave choice ? murray you know -- priority . ( think ) remember when you could not get you car fix `cause you want to get that piano ? dave ( hopefully ) you could buy it on payment . murray ( thumping the budget ) yeah . that 's how you end up with a 400 billion dollar deficit . dave so what do we do ? murray well , there 's lot of place where I think you can save , but I be not the one who 's ....... I mean , I be not the one who 's not the pre ... dave ( cut he off ) it 's alright . I know what you mean . let 's start at the top . CUT to : int . cabinet room - day it be jamme to capacity . the cabinet secretary be seat around the table while the White House staff line the wall . Three television crew be poise in the far corner of the room . angle - doorway reed enter and cross to Dave 's regular spot at the cabinet table . he place a stack of 3 x 5 filing card next to he water glass and retreat to he seat along the wall . int . hallway Bob move down the corridor with a little spring in he step . he be actually whistling a cheery tune as he carry the morning edition of the Washington Post . int . cabinet room Bob enter with a great big grin and even say hello to C a couple of aide . closer angle Bob sit down next to reed unfold a copy of the paper . bob ( whisper ) its a work of art . look at this thing . reed glance down at the paper . bob ( read softly ) ` vice President 's office link to first Liberty scandal . justice Department may investigate . ' ( beat ) Alan , you be a genius -- we be on we way ! Bob look up and glance around . bob ( pause ) what 's with the camera ? reed hundredth cabinet meeting . I think it be a nice touch . bob ( benignly ) oh. Fine . angle - doorway Dave enter suddenly , move quickly into the room . he nod to the various staff member , crossing to he seat . dave good morning , everybody . cabinet good morning , Mr. President . Dave take a stack of index card from he own pocket and S place they next to reed 's . he lean forward , clear he throat . dave ( purposefully ) before we get start today there be a few thing I would like to go over in the budget . closeup - bob he glance up from he report and lean over to reed . bob ( whisper ) do we have anything on the budget today ? reed ( stunne ) I do not think so . they look slowly toward the table ... angle - dave he clutches one of the 3 x 5 card in he hand . dave now I think I have find some way to put back the homeless section of the Simpson garner work bill . angle - cabinet table a slight murmur move through the cabinet . bob ( stand up ) uh , Mr. President ... I do not believe that 's on you agenda today . dave ( pleasantly ) well it 's a last minute change . Bob go completely white as Dave turn back to the cabinet table . shot - dave dave the way I see it we need three hundred and fifty million dollar in order to keep the program . now some of this can be achieve through some simple change in cash management . for example ... he lean forward onto the table , read from he card . dave accord to the o.m.b. we have seventeen defense contractor who be delinquent in they contract . ( scan the table ) be that true ? director of o.m.b. uh ... I believe so ... yes . dave so even though they be late , we keep pay they on time ? director of o.m.b. well -- in a sense ... yeah . dave now instead of give they money for something they have not finish , we could hold back that cash , put it aside in some interest bear ... closeup - bob bob ( leaping suddenly to he foot ) Mr. President ! angle - dave he turn slowly around in he chair . dave ( dare he ) yes ? bob' Pov he look at Dave , then out into the room . twelve cabinet secretaries , the White House staff and three network tv crew be focus right at he . wider angle he stand there , freeze in the glare of the tv light . Bob look at they for a moment then sink slowly into he seat . bob ( tightly ) .. nothing . dave ( smile quietly ) great . he turn back to the table clutching the card in he hand . dave like I be say , if we take that cash and stick it in even a ordinary savings account , we would be make twelve million a month in interest . a murmur go around the table . the secretary of the treasury shift a little in he chair . secretary of treasury well , technically that 's true ... he think about it for a moment ... secretary of treasury yes . yes , I suppose that 's true . angle - bob he have take a handful of curtain and twisted it uncon - sciously into a rope . reed stare straight ahead , stunne . angle-dave dave but unfortunately , money management only get we halfway to we goal . to find the rest of the money , we be go to have to start make some choice - - some pretty tough choice ... shot - bob he seize reed 's tie , pull he over . bob ( loud whisper ) choice ??? angle - dave dave ( hearing he ) yes , bob. choice ... now the commerce Department .. , secretary of commerce ( sit erect ) yes , Mr. President ? dave ( from a card ) you be spend forty - three million dollar on a ad campaign to ... ( read ) ' boost consumer confidence in the american auto industry . ' secretary of commerce and it 's prove quite effective ... dave do it make the car any better ? secretary of commerce no , sir . it 's more of a perceptual issue . dave ( beat ) perceptual ? secretary of commerce yes , it 's design to bolster individual confidence in a previous domestic automotive purchase . dave ( beat ) why ? secretary of commerce well ... to shore up product identification and preserve market share . dave so we be spend forty - seven million dollar to make people feel better about a car they have already buy ? secretary of commerce yes , but I would not ... dave ( indignant ) well I be sure that 's really important , but I do not want to tell some eight - year - old kid he have to sleep in the street because we want people to feel better about they car . ( beat ) do you want to tell he that ? he gesture toward the tv camera in the room . secretary of commerce me? uh , no sir ... I sure do not . angle - bob and reed Bob fume at this but a slight smile actually start to creep up the side of reed 's face . angle - dave he pull out a pen and jot down a figure ... dave good . that give we another forty - seven million . now the postal service ... postmaster general ( sit up ) yes , Mr. President ! dissolve to : same scene - later Dave 's tie be loosen at he throat and there be note spread out around he . the cabinet lean forward in they seat . dave okay , so that make ... ( whisper ) ... two , eighty - four , carry the three ... ( pause ) ... Three hundred and fifty - six million . ( look up with a smile ) ... and that mean we can keep the program . wide angle - cabinet room the entire room burst into applause . Bob fume silently from he spot along the wall as the ovation continue around he . CUT to : int . hallway the door to the cabinet room burst open as the mob pour into the hall . various cabinet member wonderful job , sir ... fantastic , Mr. President . Dave move down the corridor follow by the throng . int . cabinet room Bob stand very still in the center of the empty room . reed block the door a few foot away . reed what be you gonna do ? bob ( quietly ) I be go to kill he . reed you can not kill a President . Bob look at he for a moment , then suddenly explode . bob he 's not a President ! he 's a ordinary person . I can kill a ordinary person . reed Bob ... bob I can kill a hundre ordinary people . reed he 's only do what you tell he to . bob ( stunne ) what I tell he to ? reed I hear you . you say ' cut three hundred million dollar from the federal budget , and you can keep you homeless shelter . ' bob well , I do not mean it , Alan . why the fuck would I want to save a homeless shelter ? reed he be only do he job . Bob look at he for a moment then erupt all over again . bob his job ? his job !!! he lunge for the door while reed grab he around the waist . dave - Rev. 6/9/92 78. bob it 's not he job -- it 's my job ! reed Bob ... bob ( thrashing around ) be he a senator ? be he on the trilateral Commission ? be he in who 's who in Washington nine year reed wrestle he away from the door , as Bob struggle to get free . I will destroy he , Alan . I will shred the bastard !!! reed do not do this . bob I will lock he away for good . reed then we will all go to jail together . Bob stop struggle suddenly and back up a step . his eye narrow to tiny slit . bob what do you mean by that ? reed ( smoothing out he suit ) just what you think I mean . bob ( stunne ) be you threaten I ? reed ( think about it ) sort of ... yeah . Bob look at he for a moment . CUT to : int . first lady office - day ellen be in a meeting with a few people when a male aide fly through the door hand she the afternoon paper . aide you will not believe this . closeup - USA today the large banner headline stretch across the top of the page , which read : " president save homeless plan . mitchell work budget MIRACLE . " ellen ( realize ) ` save homeless plan ' ? shot - ellen she stare at it stunne for a moment , then lower the paper and look off into space ... CUT to : ext . white house driveway - night Murray and Dave stand beside the thrifty rent -a- car as the sun begin to dip behind the tree . dave thanks . you do great . maybe later you could come back and we could go to Camp David or something . murray ( climb in ) that would be great . dave ( look at he friend ) well -- take care . Murray fire up the engine as Dave step back from the car . murray ( look back ) yeah . do not get into trouble . wider angle he throw the car into gear and start down the long , bend driveway toward the gate . Dave watch from the edge of the lawn with a fond look on he face ... CUT to : int . red room - night duane and Dave be seat across the card table from one another . duane 's shoulder holster be sling over the back of the chair . they be drink beer . duane gin. he lay down he card , fan they out in front of Dave . dave ( grimace ) I be wait for that jack . duane I have a feel . duane scoops up the card and begin to shuffle . duane ? dave yeah ? duane ( beat ) dave how come you go along with all of this ? duane stop shuffle and stare at he for a moment . duane you mean with you and everything ? yeah . dave duane ( shrug ) ` bleed for you king . ' dave what 's that ? duane first thing they teach you at the academy . ( remember they motto ) ` do not give I gold and silver , or other worldly thing , just the pride and glory of bleed for my King . ' dave you be kid . duane no ... they do not kid . Dave nod solemnly as duane stare straight ahead . dave but Bill be you king , not Bob . duane yeah , but Bob find I when I be stick in firearm and tobacco ... duane ( think ) we be train to be loyal . you gotta be loyal to someone . they sit for a moment in silence . duane check he watch . dave do not mean to bum you out . duane that 's okay . you alright down here by yourself ? dave oh , sure . do not worry about it . he nod and head for the door as Dave pick up the card . he begin to deal out some solitaire , then sense something and look toward the door . dave' Pov ellen stand silhouett in the doorway wear a floor - length dress gown . ellen ( quietly ) hello . angle - dave ellen walk forward into the light , tightening the belt at she waist . dave ... . ellen . ellen I see the light . I think maybe you be up . dave ( startle ) oh ... yeah . ellen mind if I sit down ? dave ( beat ) no . he scoops up the card try to tidy some of the bottle . she study he face for a couple of second then sit down at the table . ellen that be quite a thing you do today . dave anybody would have do it . ellen oh , I do not think so . ( stare at he ) still , you help a lot of people . she continue to stare as Dave look away . ellen kind of remind I of that thing you do back in the state legislature . dave oh yeah ? ( nervous ) I , too . ellen you be not in the state legislature . Dave freeze with the deck in he hand . all at once , ellen smile and extend she arm over the table . ellen I be ellen Mitchell . his eye go wide . Dave sit stunne try he best to swallow . ellen ( softly ) what 's you name ? Dave stare at she , but no word come out . she lean forward look right at he . ellen ( evenly ) look , I will make this easy on you . I never see he anymore . I barely know he anymore . I would just kinda like to . know where he be . Dave look at she , nervously . ellen I mean , what be it ? another Secretary ? a jaunt to the Bahamas with some ' campaign worker . ' where be he ? dave ( pause ) I do not know . she look at he , wait for a moment . CUT to : int . elevator - night Dave , ellen and duane stare straight ahead as they descend into the sub-basement . duane ( beat ) I really should not be do this . no one reply as the elevator door slide open . int . sub - basement - corridor a lone secret service man be station outside a solid metal door as the three of they approach - - duane hesitates and look at Dave . dave ( calmly ) open it . duane look back at the two of they . ellen just open it , please . different angle the door swing open as a middle - age woman in a white uniform appear . even in the dim light of the hallway it 's clear she be a nurse . nurse I be sorry , you be not allow ... duane ( flash a i.d. ) it 's alright . nurse Mr. Alexander leave strict ... before she can even finish ellen step quickly by she into the room . the nurse recognize she and just gape as duane and Dave enter as well . int . basement room it be dimly light like the hallway , except for a group of machine in the corner . next to they , a state - of - the - art hospital bed hold the President 's lifeless body . ellen move up to the side of the bed . ellen what happen ? duane it 's the stroke . it 's pretty bad . ellen I do not understand . be he , I mean ... there 's a pause . the nurse look down . ellen clutches the railing of the bed . duane I be sorry . all at once she start to cry . Dave move over to try to comfort she when she shake he off violently . ellen do not touch I , please . Dave recoil . she turn to he with a enraged look in she eye . he move back a step . ellen ( furious ) when be you all plan to tell I ? a year from now ? after the election ... ( whirling on he ) what 's go on here ? Dave hesitates . dave they ask I to help . ellen I be sure they do . ' State of emergency . ' ' National Security . ' you ever hear of the constitution ? he do not respond . ellen glare at he for a moment , then glance around the room ... ellen could all of you just leave I alone for a minute . nurse I be really not suppose to ... ellen get out ! Dave motion toward duane as the two of they guide the nurse into the hallway . they shut the door behind they . closeup - ellen she stare down at the lifeless body while the sound of the respirator fill the room . CUT to : int . ellen' room - later suitcase be flung open and she kneel on the floor . ellen throw pile of clothing into the large open valise when she sense something and glance up .. different angle Dave be stand in the doorway . she look at he for a moment , but go right back to pack . he stand in the doorway , stare while she cram some shoe in the bag . dave you be leave ? ellen ( clipped ) I be not the first Lady , anymore . I should not be here . dave where be you go ? ellen Home . she grab a blouse from the bed and fling t into the suitcase . dave where 's home ? ellen ( look up ) oh , they do not brief you on that ? how sloppy of they . she look at Dave and stop . all at once ellen stop pack and lower a shoe to she side . her Pov - reverse angle Dave stand in the doorway with a small valise in he hand . he look like he do a month ago , with the tortoise shell glass and he old blue windbreaker . the valise be a tiny overnight bag with small black handle . a seal of the President emboss into the leather . dave ( shrugging ) just souvenir . towel and stuff . ellen ( beat ) you1re leave , too ? dave ( nodd ) I never want to hurt anybody . ( beat ) in fact ... I even think I be help . ellen just look at he for a moment . her mouth open slightly but no word come out . dave hey ... it 's ... different angle ellen be cry . she shake she head and turn away from he . dave here . Dave unzip the valise and fish out a hanky . the presidential seal be nicely embroider in one corner . ellen look down at it and smile slightly . ellen you know you make this little deal with yourself . ellen you can put up with the other woman and you can do without a life because you believe in what you be do - - and if you can just keep you mouth shut ... she can not finish . dave you think you have a chance to help people ... they eye lock for a instant when she turn and go back to pack . dave ( softly ) how be you gonna get home ? ellen I do not know . I have not think it out that far . closeup - dave he look at she for a moment ... CUT to : int . subterranean passageway - night Dave carry ellen 's suitcase in one hand and he own valise in the other . they step over the puddle and leaky water pipe as they duck below the six - foot ceiling . Dave carry a flashlight . ellen you sure this go somewhere ? dave Truman use it all the time . Dave pause and shine the light up a leaky old set of stair that head off to they right . ellen hesitates for a moment , look up the staircase . ellen you do not have to keep walk with I . I be okay from here . dave I do not mind . ellen ( look at he ) thanks . ellen hesitates for a second , then hike up she skirt and move through the portal . ext . old executive office build - night it be directly across the street from the White House . a lone street lamp illuminate the corner include a small , recess alcove where a staircase lead up from below . closer shot Dave and ellen emerge step out onto the sidewalk . ellen huh . dave duane say he would leave the car over here . different angle he lead ellen around a corner where a small brown plymouth sit park at the curb . Dave fish through he pocket and pull out the car key . dave ( hand they to she ) here you go . ellen look down at the car key . dave he say he will pick it up in a couple of day . ellen oh ... okay . she glance at the plymouth then back a Dave . she just stare at he for a moment . dave what ? ellen ( shaking she head ) it 's just so strange ... Dave look at she . ellen take a deep breath . ellen I lock at you and I see Bill ... ( turn to he ) I mean , he 's almost dead , but he 's right here ... I mean , you be right here ... alive and ... dave I be not Bill Mitchell . she look at he . dave in fact , I be not anything like he and ... I guess I want you to know that . ellen ( quietly ) he be not always like that , anyway . they eye lock for a second . dave ( suddenly ) be you hungry ? ellen ( beat ) what ? dave ( smile a little ) I be starve . there 's get to be something open around here . ellen stare at he for a moment , then finally smile ... CUT to : ext . 7 - 11 - night it be a twenty - four-hour convenience store . even at two in the morning , several car be park in the lot . ellen sit on the passenger side of plymouth with she door lock . Dave emerge carry a brown paper bag . he pop the driver 's side door and hop inside . int . car ellen I really do not have much of a appetite . dave ( look over at she ) just wait . he fire up the car . CUT to : ext . " the mall " - night the monument be illuminate a glitter white . the lincoln Memorial and Capitol dome stand out against the long field of grass . ellen ( o.s. ) ( eat Dave 's " special sandwich " ) this be good . what 's in it ? closer shot they sit side by side on a raise , grassy mound at the base of the Washington monument . a large bath towel be spread out between they with the presidential seal at the center . Dave 's bag be open at they side . dave that 's a secret . ellen ( take another bite ) you have a lot of secret . dave I guess . after a beat : dave when do you know ?... about I . she pause . ellen I think in the car . ellen the car ? ellen on the way to the homeless shelter . you look at my leg . ( pause ) Bill lose interest a long time ago . he turn and look at she . dave that 's good . I be worried it be the shower . she smile . they be perch on a small hill overlook the White House . ellen so what do you do the rest of the time ? dave ( smile ) you mean when I be not run the country ? ellen yes . dave I run a temp agency . she look at he . dave you know , secretary and stiff . ellen ( smile ) you find people job ? dave yeah . be that funny ? ellen it 's just more than anybody else do around here . dave well do not get carry away -- I be not that good at it . she turn and study he for a moment . ellen ( suddenly personal ) and you family ? I assume you be marry ? he turn back to she . a couple of second go by . dave I be ... once . ( pause ) it do not take . ellen laugh and look out over the mall . Dave take another swig of he soda . ellen ( quietly ) you know , Dave -- it be Dave , be not it ? I can not keep all of this a secret . dave I know . ellen but you could go to jail for it . he turn and look at she . there do not seem to be any fear . dave yeah , I know . ellen turn and study he . dave I like do it , though . not the fancy stuff with the helicopter or the tv camera but ... different angle ellen keep stare at he . Dave glance back . dave I like save that shelter . I like help people I have not even meet before . it 's quiet for a moment . he stare back at the White House . dave ( pause ) and right then I feel like I be not pretend anymore . closer several second go by . Dave stare off at the White House across the mall while ellen study he face . ellen I do not think you be pretend . Dave turn to she as they eye lock . dave I like be marry to you . ellen turn all the way around on the blanket stare at he from less than a foot away . ellen what would you do if you be still in there ? if you have one more chance to be President , what would you do then ? closeup - dave he stare at she for a moment . dave ( quietly ) lot of thing . ext . white house gate - night the small brown plymouth roll up to the guard eat as the uniform officer lean out of he booth . guard I be sorry , sir . there 's no visitor ... Dave roll down he window , show he presidential face to the Guard , guard ( snap to ) Mr. President ! I be sorry I ... dave just get some air . guard certainly , sir ... how do ... ellen lean across he toward the window . ellen ( confidentially ) the President want some ice cream . the Guard snap off a crisp salute as Dave casually return it . the gate raise in front of they as he step on the gas . CUT to : int . white house live quarter - night Dave and ellen stand at the top of the long staircase that lead to the live quarter . ellen look up at he for a moment , then smile . ellen ( softly ) ... you make a nice President , Dave kovic .. . go for it . ellen look he in the eye for a moment , then turn and head off toward she suite . Dave stand there watch she recede down the hall ... ext . white house - day a lone gardener ride he lawn mower across the lawn ... white house briefing room - day it be jamme full of the White House Press Corps . a hundred or so reporter mill about while they wait for the start of a press conference . reporter # 1 Bet it 's that Fidelity thing . reporter # 2 think they be gonna ditch the veep ? the first guy nod . reporter # 1 ( confident ) he 's finish . reporter # 3 toast . they all nod together . int . hallway Bob move down the corridor with he briefcase in he C hand . he glance up and notice action from the briefing room . bob ( to himself ) what the hell ... int . east room the sound of a man desperately contain a scream echoes through the public room on the first floor . Bob come sprinting into the large open receive room , take out one of the little rope stanchion that guide the visit tourist through . he keep on run ... int . reed' office reed glance up from he desk as Bob charge into the room . reed ( quickly ) I do not call it . he call it himself ... I swear to God . Bob just look at he , then turn and bolt into the hallway . int . great hall a small group of tourist stand in the large marble entry . they stare up at the staircase while they tour guide describe some of the artwork . guide ... Jackson be the figure that you see represent in the lower leave hand ... ( beat ; awed ) why there 's Bob Alexander we White House Chief of staff ... angle - bob he come careen into the foyer , skitter across the polished marble . guide ... my , he seem to be in quite a hurry ... CUT to : int . oval office Dave sit on the couch , jotting some note on a legal pad . the door swing open behind he . bob what do you think you be do ?! dave ( innocently ) you mean the press conference ? ( beat ) I have a couple of idea I want to share with the country . bob share ... wider Dave rise from the couch as Bob move over to he with he eye blaze . bob you do not call a press conference . I call a press conference ! Dave just stare . bob you be nothing . do you understand I ! you be nobody ... dave ( slowly ) I be ... not ... nobody ... bob you be lint ! you be a flea ! you be a blip ! dave well , maybe I be . but you be fire . Bob back up a step and stare at he . bob ... what ? dave I say you be fire . go on -- get outta here . Bob just look at he , stunne . bob oh ... I be fire ? dave yeah . he stop and stare at Dave . bob you be fire . dave ( fine ) Fine ... he stare at he again . bob ( beat ) Fine ? dave Fine . he cross to the door of the oval Office and fling it open wide . dave you get the whole Press Corps out there . why do not you just go tell them . Bob 's eye narrow a little . dave go on . be my guest . closer they stare at each other for a long moment . neither man move as they stand toe to toe in the center of the carpet . for a second , it be not clear who 's go to win , until ... woman ( o.s. ) darling ... ellen come over and take he arm . ellen ( audrey hepburn ) darling , they be all wait for you in the Press room - - you have really get to get go ... ( as if see he for the first time ) oh , Bob ... ( back to Dave ) I be sorry , darling . I think you be alone - - ellen turn toward Bob with a sudden grin . his expression fall visibly as the weight of they alliance become clear . dave I would like you resignation on my desk by the time I get back . closeup - bob he look at they stunne and defeat ... CUT to : int . PRESS room - later it be pack to capacity . Dave stand alone at the podium while the press corps crowd every inch of the briefing room . he stare squarely into the camera . dave thanks for come on such short notice . wider reed stand off to the side with a almost mesmerize look on he face . dave first , I would like to announce something that might come as a surprise to many of you . ( beat ) I have ask Bob Alexander to resign as White House Chief of staff . a murmur go through the Press room . Dave look straight ahead . dave sometimes , two people just change and it 's better for everybody if they go they own way . ( beat ) over the last few month ! Bob and I have come to believe in different thing . he think this country be fine and we should go about do business as usual . ( beat ) I just do not feel that way . not anymore . different angle dave because thing be not fine . and you know that and I know that . and we can keep lie to ourselves , but it 's a little late for that . ( get angry ) we have get water we can not drink and air we can not breathe . we have get bar on . we window and graffiti on we door . if you get sick you can not afford to go to the doctor and if you get laid off you can not find a new job . we be trillion of dollar in debt . we road be crack , we bridge be crumble and everything we use to build be make in Japan . we have get people sleep in cardboard box , and ten- year - old kid who be do drug . we have be live together for four hundred year , and we be still try to kill each other ... but that be not even the worst part . the worst part be we feel like we can not do anything about it . closer he look out over the room and pause . dave so I have decide that while I be President , I should actually try to do thing ... even if they seem impossible . Dave glance toward the wing for a moment and turn back . dave first off I be initiate a program to try to find a decent job for every american who want one . a murmur move through the press room . dave ( hearing they ) why start here ? ( pause ) because if you have ever see the look on someone 's face the day they get a job -- I have have some personal experience with this - - they look like they could fly . and unless we start tapping into that kind of spirit again , there 's no way we be gonna fix anything in this country . he look out at they and pause . dave so ... let 's get to work . wide angle - briefing the press corps just sit stunne for a moment as Dave stride off the stage . as he leave , the stunne reporter explode to they foot . reporter ( overlap ) Mr. President ... Mr. President ... int . briefing room - corridor Dave enter the corridor and see ellen , who be wait for he with a huge look of admiration on she face . dave it be okay ? ellen ( beam ) it be inspirational . CUT to : ext . white house lawn - nina totenberg ( " NBC nightly news " ) nina totenberg in the boldest initiative yet of the ` New Bill Mitchell ' presidency , the President have propose a comprehensive full employment program , unparalleled since the day of f.d.r . quick CUT to : ROBERT novack ( evan and novack ) novack ( v.0 . ) ... it 's naive , it 's dangerous , it 's irresponsible ... CHRIS mathews ( " good morning america " ) mathews ( v.0 . ) ... it 's courageous , it 's challenging , it 's visionary ... fred barne ( macglaughlin group ) barne ( v.0 . ) it 's insane . MARK shield ( CNN ) MARK shield ( v.0 . ) it 's brilliant . JOHN mclaughlin ( " crossfire " ) JOHN mclaughlin ( v.0 . ) if the President want to run around propose lame - brain scheme like this one ... michael kinsely ( also " crossfire " ) michael kinsely ( v.0 . ) well he 's certainly get my vote . the television suddenly switch off as the camera widen out to reveal : int . oval office - night Dave , slumping back from the tv into a armchair . dave thank God for that . wider Dave , ellen , reed , ellen 's aide , and two other advisor be campe in front of the television set . there be document and newspaper scattered over the room . a take - out pizza sit incongruously on the coffee table . dave let 's call it a night . I can not take any more . reed right . we can pick up on the rest tomorrow . everyone start to get up , gather they papers . ellen' aide ( move toward the door ) I will have that employment figure to you by eight-thirty ... reed and we have get that labor briefing at nine . dave ( bleary eye ) terrific . everyone start to move through the door , leave Dave and ellen suddenly alone . they be stand face to face . dave well I guess ... ellen yeah ... bedtime . they face be very close . they eye express great need . he move slowly toward she in a kiss . they lip meet for a instant . dave ( pull back ) what ? ellen I can not . dave ( quickly ) I know . I be sorry ... ellen I mean , I want to ... I just , I feel strange ... dave ( even quick ) that 's okay . they stand there face one another like two kid on a front porch . int . dave' room - night he lie under the cover stare at the ceiling . Dave suddenly turn and punch the pillow . int . ellen' room she lie on she bed in exactly the same position . after a moment , ellen turn and bury she face in the pillow . ellen ( muffle ) this be crazy ... CUT to : int . hallway - west wing - day Dave and duane move down the corridor that lead to the oval Office . duane be flipping through a handful of newspaper . duane the U.S. News hammer we . but they be always tough on that kind of thing . rosenthal love we in the Times randi Mr. President , Mr. nance be wait inside for you . dave who ? duane ( freezing ) the vice - President ... dave oh ... right ... ( to randi , nervous smile ) you know , ever since the stroke ... Dave point to he temple and give the " wobbly " sign with he hand . he glance at duane for a second , then turn and head inside ... int . oval office seat , with he back to the door , be the silhouette of a man hold a eight - foot spear . beside he on the floor be a large ceremonial headdress . Dave move forward cautiously . different angle the vice President turn and slowly rise to face he . he 's a strong -look man in a plain gray suit with a honest look face . nance Mr. President . the two man shake hand . nance continue to stare at he while Dave move toward he chair . after a moment , nance extend the headdress . nance ( curtly ) this be from the people of burundi ... dave ( take it ) oh ... thanks . nance and this be a gift from the King of to go . nance hand he what appear to be a group of large necklace . dave ( beat ) what be they ? nance ( deadpan ) fertility bead . dave ah. he set they quickly on the desk while nance just stare at he . nance Mr. President , may I speak frankly with you ? dave certainly . closeup - nance he hesitates for a moment . nance gather he thought , then proceed . nance ( with dignity ) I know we have not always get along . I know we have disagree politically and I suppose I know what you think of I personally ... wider nance take a deep breath . nance ... but I have always try to respect the role you want I to play . when I have disagree with this administration I have keep it to myself . when you want my support you always have it . Dave nod , freeze in he chair . nance look at he a moment then suddenly let it out . nance dammit , Bill -- how could you do something like this to I ? Dave just look at he speechless . neither man move . dave ( beat ) something like what ... nance oh , come on , we be not child . I do not have anything to do with this Fidelity nonsense and you know it . dave ( nodd ) the Fidelity nonsense ... nance ( show he a newspaper ) all I have get be my integrity . that 's all I have . now I do not know why you turn you attack dog on I . dave ( interrupt ) they be not my attack dog . nance ( take aback ) what do you mean ? dave I just fire Bob Alexander . nance look at he , stunne . dave do not worry . I will take care of it . CUT to : int . reed' office - day he sit behind he sleek italian desk with a slightly sheepish look on he face . Dave stand across from he , lean on he foot . dave what do you mean you make it all up ? reed we have to , Dave . the guy 's a choir boy . dave this be wrong , Alan ! reed ( like a novel , new concept ) wrong ... dave Alan ... reed oh , I know , I know ... it look awfully bad . it 's really embarrassing . ( beat ) but it be Bob 's idea . Dave look at he horrify . dave we have get to fix this . reed absolutely . well , that might be kind of tough . once the press start smell blood ... the door blow open behind they . ellen ( o.s. ) Dave ... wider she fly into the room with a worried look on she face . Dave and reed watch while she head toward the " media center " in the corner . reed ( shocked ) ` Dave ' ? dave she know . ellen look at this . ellen flick on the set to catch a news report in mid-segment . tv screen nina totenberg ( v.0 . ) ( over tv ) ... the hastily call news conference at the National Press Club be Bob Alexander 's first public comment since resign as White House Chief of staff . it turn out to be nothing short of a full - fledge salvo fire directly at Pennsylvania Avenue . Bob appear in a film clip , speak before the National Press Club . even beneath the professional cool , he seem to relish the lethal sound bite . bob ( v.0 . ) ( over tv ) when I first begin to look into the allegation concern Fidelity saving and loan , I think the wrongdo be restrict to the vice President 's office ... int . reed' office - day they glance at each other then back at the set ... reed uh-oh ... bob ( over tv ) ... but as I begin to investigate , I realize that this pattern of corruption extend much higher ... reed Jesus ... tv screen Bob pause for a effect , then look straight into the camera : bob ( over tv ; dramatic ) ... I be sadden to discover at least fifteen separate act of intervention by this administration , most with the full knowledge of the President and all of they illegal . Federal regulator be influence , record be destroy , and pressure be bring to bear , in same case by President Mitchell himself . dave ( stunne ) now he 's make stuff up about I . reed he 's not . they turn and look at he . dave ( sighing ) he 's not make it up . Dave stare at he stunne . ellen get it immediately . ellen ( softly ) Bob never leave Bill 's side . he know where all the old bone be bury ... Dave glance back and forth between they but neither one of they speak ... ext . white house - day a long line of black sedan with congressional plate pull up to the South portico . in the distance , beyond the fence , a crowd of protester shout at the White House . int . president's private dine room a small delegation of congressional leader have request a lunch with the President . reed and ellen be also present . the speaker of the house lean forward over he plate . speaker ( a southerner ) Mr. President , I do not know another way to put it , but ' this dawg just will not hunt . ' Dave just stare at he without respond . maj . leader we may be able to hold off this first Liberty thing for a little while1 but if you go run around the country with this new job idea ... speaker they be gonna put we on a spit a ' bring in the sauce . female senator if you just wait for a little while ... dave I do not want to wait for a little while . speaker Mr. President , I understand that . but sometimes ya fight a ' sometimes ya run . ellen ( suddenly ) that 's not what you say during you ethic investigation . wider every eye in the room turn toward she . the speaker stare dagger across the table . speaker I beg you pardon ? ellen when you need the President 's help , you get it . speaker ( control ) ma'am , no one appreciate you husband 's help more and I . I be just say that this job thing be a little unwieldy ... ' nance ( chime in ) it be not . every eye shift to the vice President . Ill . nance there 's lot of way to make it work . you could have target tax credit for on -site training ... you could have a public private partnership like - j.t.p.a ... speaker Excuse I for interruptin ' but this be not some city council silliness that 's gonna blow over . we be talk about obstruct federal regulator and violate election up on the Hill who be talkin ' impeachment . we get a real problem on we hand . closeup - dave he just stare straight ahead ... CUT to : closeup - bob alexander it be a video clip from he lethal press conference . Bob face the camera directly . bob ( v.0 . ) ... at least fifteen separate act of intervention by this administration , most with full knowledge of the President .. nance ( 0.s. ) guess they be come at you now , too . freeze frame . int . oval office Dave sit in front of he bookcase with a remote control in he hand . he turn to see the vice President , stand by the edge of the carpet . dave oh ... hi. nance ( glance at the screen ) dirty business we be in sometimes . dave ( quietly ) yeah . nance he 's not gonna win -- not in the end ... they never do . Dave look back at he . dave ... sometimes they do . nance ( nodd ) yeah ... sometimes they do . nance shift a little by the bookcase . nance Mr. President , whatever happen I just want you to know that I think that you job program be a wonderful idea ... dave , not that anyone 's gonna pay much attention now ... but thanks . neither one say anything . Dave motion to a chair . dave want to sit down ? he take a seat across from the desk . nance glance over at the tv as both man look at the freeze frame of Bob . dave you ever think back to how you start . nance ( turn ) what ? dave you know . you first campaign . you ever think back to how you do it all ... nance yeah ... ( think about it for a moment ... ) .. I be a shoe salesman . ( beat ) and not very happy about it . they smile together for a moment . nance one day my wife say to I ' why do not you try run for office . you talk about it all the time , why do not you just do it ? ' ( beat ) so I tell my boss I have a dentist appointment and I go down to the registrar of voter on my lunch break . ( shake he head ) next thing I know , I be a councilman . dave really ? nance ( nodd ) my wife be my campaign manager . we have a two thousand dollar budget . Dave smile . nance with advertising . Dave just look at he for a long moment . nance how would you get start ? dave ( quietly ) oh ... kinda the same way . CUT to : ext . west wing - dusk Dave walk alone down the long pergola that flank the Rose Garden . he move slowly , lose in think , when he glance up and suddenly , stop . wider all the rose be shimmer in the late afternoon light . Dave look at they for a second ... CUT to : int . live quarter - MAIN hallway - night the camera move with Dave as he head down the long corridor toward ellen 's side of the live quarter . he hold a large yellow rise in he hand . Dave pause in front of she door , knock and wait for a moment . different angle Dave step inside the room . dave hello ? he Pov it 's a lively room , especially for the White House . across the room one of the french door be open wide . the curtain billow out to the terrace beyond . ext . terrace Dave step outside , and look around . it 's a beautiful , warm night . the Washington monument soar in the distance with the jefferson Memorial just a speck beyond . Dave hear something in the distance . different angle he round the corner to find ellen stand all alone by the edge of the balustrade . he move quietly up toward the railing as she turn and look at he . he extend the rise , hold it out . dave I bring you something . ellen ( reserve ) ... thanks . closer angle it 's only half a smile . he move closer and pause . dave ( softly ) what 's wrong ? ellen ( after a pause ) look like we be not go to get a chance to get much do . Dave think about it and nod . ellen ( softer ) they be crucify you out there . dave yeah , but we get a little bit do . and if you do a little and I do a little ... then maybe the next guy will do a little ... ellen you really believe that ? dave yeah . ( pause , quieter ) and it 's better than not believe it they face be inch apart . ellen ( softly ) I sure fall for some weird guy . slowly , almost imperceptibly , they come together in a kiss . it 's soft and tender at first -- then build in passion and need . a lone church bell from the National Cathedral start chiming at midnight . different angle Dave and ellen part , draw by the sound . after a moment , Dave look slowly back at she . dave ( beat ) nance be a good man , be not he ? she just look at he . it 's a strange expression -- part sadness , part fear , part intrigue ... ellen ( swallow ) yeah . he 's a good man . dave ( off she look ) what ? she shake she head . he touch the side of she face . ellen I be just get to know you -- I do not want to lose you . they come together and kiss again . even with everything leave unsaid , there 's a sadness in the air . widening out ... two small figure cling onto each other by the third floor balustrade of the White House ... slowly dissolve to : ext . capitol dome - day it gleam in the sunshine . full shot - sander vanocur 142 she stand in front of the great rotunda , do a live intro for " NBC News " ... sander vanocur the President have request this rare joint session of Congress so that he could personally answer the allegation raise by Bob Alexander , he former Chief of staff ... int . house chamber it be pack to capacity with the House member on one side and the Senate on the other . there be great tension on both side of the aisle . ext . brownstone ( georgetown ) - day several long black limo deposit occupant in front of Bob Alexander 's townhouse . int . live room ( georgetown ) - day Bob stand in a cardigan sweater hold a tumbler full of bourbon while he cocktail party be go full swing . several inside the beltway fat cat mill about the live room while vanocur continue on the tv : sander vanocur ( v.0 . ) speculation on the President 's response have run the gamut from a full - fledge denial right up to the possibility that he might resign . there be hoot and holler in the room . one of the guest raise a glass in salute . guest # 1 ( to Bob ) here 's to you , Mr. President . another guest hold up a bumper sticker with " alexander for president " print in large block letter . guest # 2 ( display it ) what do you think ? bob let 's wait for the speech first . ( false humility ) do not want to get ahead of ourselves . int . ellen' bedroom she sit tensely in front of she television ... int . house chamber the tension in the room build as everyone await the arrival of the President . int . house of representatives - cloak room through a crack in the doorway , most of the House chamber be visible . the camera pull back to reveal : Dave and reed , stand alone in the small ante-room . there be a plain , black briefcase sit between they . dave be everything clear with duane ? reed nod and hand he the briefcase . dave and this be all of it ? he nod again . dave well -- here we go . Dave try to take briefcase but reed keep hold onto it out of reflex and self - preservation . Dave smile at he and gently start to unpry reed 's finger . dave relax , Alan ... enjoy the moment . reed look at he and try to nod ... int . house chamber everyone stand at they seat when the sergeant at arm walk down the aisle , pound a six - foot staff three time on the House floor . sergeant at arm Mr. speaker ... the President of the United States . wider angle the response be more of a murmur than the usual applause . Dave appear at the back of the chamber carry the black briefcase . he make he way up the aisle and mount the five step that lead to the podium . shot - dave he reach the lectern and glance behind he . Dave lock eye with vice President nance for a moment , flash he a smile . int . bob' town house it look like a superbowl party . all of Bob 's croney have gather around the tv set to watch " Bill Mitchell 's " political demise . a huge grin spread across Bob 's face when Dave 's image appear on the screen . bob shhh shh ... here it come . int . house chamber Dave swallow once and grip the lectern . dave thank you . ( pause ) I wish I could be here today under different circumstance ... closer shot he hesitates for a moment . dave there 's certainly a lot of thing about this country that we should be discuss , but I realize that 's not possible now . ( beat ) as all of you know , my former Chief of staff have implicate I in a scandal involve Fidelity saving and loan . reverse angle - house every member sit motionless at they seat . dave ... and once people start talk about scandal it 's hard for they to talk about anything else . he scan the room . dave so fine . let 's talk about it . int . ellen' bedroom she watch rivete from the edge of she bed . dave ( over tv ) Bob Alexander have accuse I of ... ( pull some note out of he pocket ) let I read this to make sure I get it right ... int . house chamber he stare at he note . dave .... illegally influence government regulator on behalf of major campaign contributor -- interfere with a ongoing justice Department investigation - - and violate Federal election law in the area of campaign finance . there be not a sound in the chamber . dave okay -- let 's get right to the gut of it ... each one of this charge be absolutely true . a quiet but shocked murmur roll through the room . int . bob' house a " war hoop " go up from the guest . Bob almost seem to levitate off the couch . bob die , you pond scum ! int . house chamber - full shot - dave dave I be the President and as they say ' the buck stop here . ' so I take full responsibility for every one of my illegal act . he hoist the black briefcase up onto the podium . dave but you see that 's not the whole story , and I think each one of you be entitle to the truth . Dave open the black briefcase to reveal a large stack of document . dave I have write proof here in the form of ... ( read ) Notes , memoranda and personal directive ' prove that Bob Alexander be involved in each one of this incident and in most case plan they as well ... int . bob be house - closeup - bob there be silence in the room . all the color drain from he face as Bob stare freeze at the television set . the other in the room watch with the morbid fascination of someone witness a car wreck . bob ( almost a gasp ) Alan ... one of the guest furtively slide he presidential bumper sticker behind the onion dip . CUT to : int . house chamber - full shot - reed he stare out at the House chamber feel downright " moral . " he look like someone who have just save a puppy . closeup - dave dave now - - allegation of wrong -do have also be make against vice President nance ... ( pause ) I be afraid that 's just a lie . full shot - vice president he sit motionless in the chair feel the weight of every eye in the room . dave ... as this evidence will show ... at no time and in no way be vice President nance involved in any of this affair . Bob make all of that up . Dave turn and smile at nance for a moment . full shot - podium Dave turn back toward the House . dave vice president nance be a good and decent public servant and I would like to apologize for any pain this may have cause he or he family . ( pause ) and while we be set the record straight , I would also like to apologize to the american people ... closer on dave right into camera . dave ... I forget that I be hire to do a job for you and that it be just a temp job at that . I forget that I have two hundred and fifty million people who be pay I to make they life a little better and I do not live up to my part of the bargain . wider - house chamber dave see , there be certain thing you should expect from a President . I ought to care more about you than I do about I ... I ought to care more about what 's right than I do about what 's popular ... reverse angle - house chamber they sit motionless in they seat . dave I ought to be willing to give this whole thing up for something I believe in ... int . ellen' room a sad but proud smile start around the corner of she mouth . dave ( v.0 . ) ( on she tv ) because if I be not ... int . house chamber Dave clutches the side of the podium . dave if I be not ... Dave stop in mid-sentence . he raise he hand to he forehead and seem to rock a moment . a concerned murmur run through the floor of the House . full shot - dave he clutches the lectern now with a " woozy " look on he face . he " fight to stand up . " dave if I be not ... then I do not belong here in the first place ... all at once , Dave fall to the floor . duane and reed and several Senate page suddenly rush out to he side . int . house chamber - podium it be complete pandemonium . several member crowd around the podium . the noise level literally turn into a roar . reed yank at Dave 's shirt and loosen he tie . closer angle reed a doctor ! we need a doctor ... he 's have a stroke ! int . ellen' bedroom she get up from the bed , grab she overcoat and head for the door ... int . house chamber a huge crowd of congressman crowd around the platform . there be complete confusion ... ext . house of representatives - parking lot - day the standard issue ambulance that follow the President I everywhere be park just outside the House door . the door of the vehicle fly open as a doctor and nurse emerge . they be the same two people who care for Bill Mitchell at the outset of the film . closer angle it take a split second for they to whisk out the gurney bed and slam the door behind they . they bolt toward the House chamber while the secret service stand guard . int . chamber duane and other secret serviceman move the onlooker back as the medical team load Dave onto the gurney bed and hurry he toward the door . ext . house parking lot they emerge a moment or two later with duane lead the way . Dave have be securely fastened to the roll stretcher while the doctor and nurse hover close ... different angle they pop the door of the ambulance . a crowd of onlooker watch in horror as the body of the President be whisk into the ambulance . wide angle - motorcade it tear away from the Capitol with dozen of siren blaring . the ambulance be surround front and back by twenty police motorcycle and the entire entourage take off ... CUT to : ext . bethesda naval hospital - day it be pandemonium here as well . a huge stat team wait for the ambulance as it come scream up to the emergency entrance at the back of the hospital . they fling the door of the ambulance open as they remove the near S lifeless body of the President ... closeup - gurney moving with it . the secret service push back the mob of photographer as the doctor whisk the stretcher toward the hospital . int . ambulance duane sit quietly behind the wheel , while the commotion continue behind the vehicle ... the camera pan slowly over to the passenger 's side , revealing : dave he sit in a white paramedics outfit complete with hat and name plate . Dave be wear he glass once again and look decidedly unpresidential . he glance over at duane . dave well ... duane well ... after a beat . duane you sure you do not want a lift back home ? dave no thanks . it 's not that far . the two man shake hand and Dave reach for the door . he hold the same souvenir bag he have on he evening out with ellen . duane Dave ... he pause and look back . duane ( move ) I would have take a bullet for I you , Dave . dave ( quietly ) thanks , duane . Dave smile at he friend , then climb out of the ambulance , and head down the street ... ext . hospital emergency entrance - different angle a limousine come screeching up to the curb . the door fly open and ellen get out . she see the huge crowd of people at the back of the hospital then look around the parking lot . finally she see : her Pov there , in the distance , the figure of a lone man in a paramedics uniform walk slowly away . he carry a small black valise in he hand . angle - ellen a strange composure envelope she as she make a silent decision . she take one last look at Dave 's recede figure , then turn and run quickly inside the hospital ... wider angle the camera begins to pull slowly back revealing the ambulance , the hospital and the huge crush of vehicle surround the back door . announcer ( v.0 . ) ... the stroke hit at 8:42 p.m. just as the President be conclude he remark to a joint session of Congress . spokesman at Bethesda Naval Hospital confirm that it be a `massive edema ' and unlike he previous stroke , it have render the President totally incapacitate ... ( beat ) ... vice President nance have already be confer with full executive authority and have assume the presidency in accordance with the 24th amendment . this be the first time since ... dissolve to : ext . baltimore skyline - establishing - day it be still autumn . the sound of the announcer's voice dissolves into the vice President 's as he continue in v.0 . nance ( v.0 . ) ... I plan to continue Bill Mitchell 's call to arm . this be not my presidency -- this be he presidency and I can not think of a better legacy for he to leave than ... dissolve to : ext . downtown baltimore - day ( winter ) the autumn leave be all go now and the snow have start to fall . Christmas decoration hang from lamppost and a salvation Army Santa be ringing he bell . announcer # 3 ( v.0 . ) ... Bob Alexander and eight other member of the Mitchell administration be indicted on thirty - four count of election law violation and obstruction of justice . ironically , the indictment come just forty - eight hour after final passage of the Bill Mitchell Jobs Bill , a comprehensive employment program , design to ... dissolve to : ext . kovic temps - day snow be fall gently in the street . the camera begins to push in slowly on the first floor window . Jerry ( Alice 's boyfriend ) be hang a large sign in the window that read : " kovic for alderman " int . kovic temps the place be just as busy as before . Alice frantically work the phone while three or four woman cram the wait area . Murray supervise a couple of campaign worker include lola from the start of the film . they stuff envelope and wear large " kovic " hat on they head . murray ( to one of the worker ) no. fold they the long way . it look neater . angle - dave' inner office he work the phone , hunch over he desk . dave ( into the receiver ) what do you mean , Harry , this woman 's fabulous ... ( beat ) oh no , that be a different one ... ( longer beat ) well she 's change a lot ... ( pause ) come on , Harry , it 's Christmas , the woman need a job . ( beat ) well , sure ... she can wrap present ... yeah you bet ... oh , great . he pause for a beat . dave Harry , do you get that fund - raise thing I send you ? angle - doorway / reception area it jar open as a woman step inside . Alice barely look up as the woman , wear dark glass and a scarf , move into the wait area . closer shot despite the blue jeans and T-shirt , she look quite familiar . it 's ellen . different angle Dave move into the reception area with a huge smile on he face . dave yes ! we be on a roll now ... all the woman smile up at he . dave it 's Christmas time ... dave I murray ( a catch phrase ) .... and everybody work at Christmas time ... ' all of a sudden they stop . Dave look across the reception area and see ellen by the door . reverse angle she take off she dark glass and stare at he . neither one of they say a word as Dave move slowly forward with a stunne look on he face . she smile at he . ellen hi. dave hi. ellen ( indicate she wardrobe ) ) think I need a little change . you like it ? dave ( nodd ) it 's nice . he move a little closer . they stand face to face . dave I see you on t.v... at he funeral . ellen ( past it now ) yeah , well ... it 's finally over . they be inch apart . Dave notice Murray and the six other woman stare at they in the wait area . dave ( quickly ) c'mere . int . dave' private office Murray stare as he pull she into he private office and shut the door . ellen throw she arm around he neck as they lip meet in a passionate kiss ... dave ( kissing ) I never think I would ... ellen ( kissing back ) I know . dave ( kissing again ) I miss ... ellen ( kiss ) ... I , too . she pull back and look at he . ellen ( beat ) so this be it ? dave ... not exactly the oval Office . ellen oh ... I live with a President . it be not any fun . Dave gaze into she eye . dave ( softer ) it could be fun . ellen ( smile ) yeah ... it could be fun . they come together in another kiss . ellen drop she handbag to the floor , as the camera widen out on the bustle of the busy office ... outside on the busy Baltimore street ... as we slowly ... fade out . the end