dawn of the dead ( the work draft 1977 ) by George A. romero 1 we see the face of a young woman . she be asleep . it be very quiet at first , as credit appear . the woman 's face begin to twitch , as though she be have a bad dream . she moan slightly and she expression grow more desperate . a mix of subtle sound begin to fade in . as they get louder , we can discern what sound like a busy office area . it be actually a frantic television studio with the hum of panic in a national emergency . the woman 's moan get louder and more desperate as the background sound reach full volume and the credit stop . the woman sit up , snap awake . 2 she lurch forward into the arm of a strong young man . she be francine , twenty three year old and very attractive , although she be gritty with dirt . her hair be hang , dishevel and sweaty . her jeans and blouse have be wear for several day . she be sit on the floor , where she have sleep the last several hour , cover by a old overcoat . tony : you ok ? Fran stare at the young man . she be shaking . she do not speak . tony : the shit' really hitting the fan . the girl try to clear she head as the young man move on to where other sleep on the floor . he wake they up one at a time . we begin to hear voice over the busy hum of the studio . they have a electronic tinniness , as broadcast over a monitor . Fran look about . she be still shake from she dream . 3 we see the television studio . Reporters buzz about madly . everybody look dishevel and exhaust . technician man monitor , and we see people on the little screen , argue emotionally . 4 Voice : what' making it happen ? what the hell difference doe it make , what' making it happen . Voice : yes , but that be ... Voice : that be a whole other study . they 're try ... Voice : but if we know that , we could ... Voice : we don't know that ! we don't know that ! we've gotta operate on what we do know ! 5 the room be pandemonium . people run in with wire copy ; other organise the stack of bulletin as they arrive . other trip over cable and generally get in each other 's way . 6 francine stare at the madness , still try to clear she head . man 's voice : i'm still dreaming . Fran turn she head . another young man sit next to she on the floor . he be one of the one tony awaken . Fran : no you're not . woman : my turn with the coat . Fran look up . a young woman be offer she coffee in a paper cup . she be next in line for the overcoat and a few hour sleep . Fran take the coffee and struggle to she foot . woman : the guy on the crew be getting crazy . a bunch of ' em flew the coop already . I don't know how much longer we'll be able to stay on AIR . 7 Fran stagger over to the control console . the technician be at the end of they rope . technician : ( all at once ) watch camera two ... who the hell be on camera two , a blind man ... watch the frame ... watch the frame ... roll the rescue station again . technician : we got a report that half that rescue station have be knocked out . so get I a new list . sure , i'll pull it outa my ass . Fran focus on the monitor . she be incredulous ... stunne by the madness which surround she . she realise the hopelessness of the situation as she zeroe in on the televise conversation . 8 we begin to listen over the din of the news room . tv man 1 : I don't believe that , doctor , and I don't believe ... tv man 2 : do you believe the dead be returning to life ? tv man 1 : i'm not so ... tv man 2 : do you believe the dead be returning to life and attacking the live ? tv man 1 : i'm not so sure what to believe doctor ! 9 suddenly we cut into the studio , and we see the argument as it be be shot . tv man 1 : ( co not ) all we get be what you people tell US . and it's hard enough to believe ... tv man 2 : it's fact ... it's fact ... tv man 1 : it's hard enough to believe without you coming in here and telling US we have to forget all human dignity and ... tv man 2 : human dig ... you can 't ... tv man 1 : ... forget all human dignity ... tv man 2 : you're not running a talk show here , mr. berman ... you can forget pitching a audience the moral bull shit they want to hear ! tv man 1 : you're talking about abandoning every human code of behaviour , and there's a lot of US who aren't ready for that doctor foster ... 10 a great cry of assent go up from the studio floor . Doctor Foster be flustered and frustrated . the stage hand and cameramen be all scream at he , swear and ridicule . we notice Police guard , armed , at the studio door . they control the traffic in and out of the big room . 11 back at the control panel . Fran stare at the screen . confusion still reign . man : frannie , get on the new list of rescue station . charlie' receiving on the emergencies ... Fran pull herself away from the monitor as the argument rage on screen . 12 she fight through the heavy traffic and reach Charlie , a harass typist who hold the receiver of a emergency radio unit under he chin ... Charlie : ( into receiver ) say again ... can't hear you ... Fran : rescue station ? Fran leaf through sheet of paper on Charlie 's desk . he write note as he listen on the receiver , and he speak to the woman . Charlie : half that be inoperative any more . i'm tryin ' to find out at least about the immediate area . we've have old information on the AIR for the last twelve hour . Fran : these be rescue station . we can't send people to inoperative ... Charlie : ( into receiver ) say again , new hope ... Charlie make more note and hand they to Fran . still listen on the receiver , he speak to the woman again . Charlie : i'm doin ' what I can . these be definite as of now . skip and dusty be on the radio , too . good luck . Fran snatch up the sheet and move across the room . 13 she stop at the console ... Fran : i'm gonna knock off the old rescue station . i'll have the new one ready as soon as I can . technician : we're sending people to place that have close down . i'm gonna kill the old list . 14 Fran move toward another control room . a armed officer stop she . a young man rush through with copy intercede . man : hey , she' alright . Officer : where' you badge ? Fran reach instinctively for the lapel of she blouse . her badge be miss . Fran : jesus ! man : she' alright . Fran : I have it ... I be asleep over there ... she make a move toward the corner where she be asleep . man : somebody stole it . there's a lot of ' em missing . ( to officer ) she' alright . let her through . the officer reluctantly step aside . 15 the young man and fan move down a crowded hall and into a small camera room . the foot traffic be solid . they talk as they walk . Fran : I don't believe it . man : one of that little badge can OPEN a lot of door ... you avoid a lot of hassle if you got a badge ... any kind of badge ... Fran : it's really go crazy . 16 they reach a small camera installation . the camera be aim at a machine which roll out a list of rescue station . the list be superimpose over the live broadcast as it go out . cameraman : you got new one ? Fran : I gotta type ' em up . kill the old one . cameraman : given want ' em ... Fran : kill ' em , dick . tell given to see I ! the man click off he camera . Fran move toward the studio . 17 on the monitor , we see the rescue station blink off over shot of the two man who still argue on the air . tv man 1 : well I don't believe in ghost , doctor . tv man 2 : these be not ghost . nor be these human ! these be dead corpse . any UN - buried human corpse with its brain intact will in fact re-activate . and it's precisely because of incitement by irresponsible public figure like yourself that this situation be be dealt with irresponsibly by the public at large ! 18 another outrage cry go up from the stagehand and observer . Doctor Foster try to out - scream the cry ... tv man 2 : you have not listened ... you have not listened ... for the last three week ... what doe it take ... what doe it take to make people see ? 19 Fran move into the large studio area where the broadcaster argue . the commotion be madden . Fran stare for a moment . 20 tv man 2 : ( now distraught ... almost plead ) this situation be controllable . people must come to grip with this concept . it's extremely difficult ... with friend ... with family ... but a dead body must be do - activate by either destroy the brain or severing the brain from the rest of the body . another outburst in the studio . tv man 2 : the situation must be controlled ... before it's too late ... they be multiplying too rapidly ... 21 Fran move through the crowded room of emotional people and finally reach another emergency radio installation . skip and dusty be try to listen to they receiver . they jot note . Fran : operative rescue station ? dusty : they 're droppin ' like fly . herex a few . you know , I think foster' right . I think we're losin ' this war . Fran : yeah , but not to the enemy . we're blowin ' it ourselves . she give the rest of she coffee to the two man . Fran : not much left , but have a ball . the two man each slug eagerly from the paper cup . Fran rush off toward a large teleprompter type machine . 22 the broadcaster still argue emotionally . tv man 1 : people aren't willing to accept you solution , doctor , and I , for one , don't blame they . tv man 2 : every dead body that be not exterminated become one of they ! it get up and kill ! the people it kill get up and kill ! 23 handing the list of active rescue station to the teleprompter typist , Fran rush back toward the control room . 24 around the monitor console , the commotion have be make even more frantic by a angere Dan given , obviously one of the station manager . given : nobody have the authority to do that , I want ... given spot Fran as she move into the room . given : garret , who told you to kill the super ? Fran : nobody . I kill ' em . they 're out of date . given : I want that super on the AIR all the time . Fran : be you willing to murder people by sending they out to station that have close down ? given : without that rescue station on screen every minute people won't watch US . they will tune out . Fran stare at the red face man in disbelief . given : I want that list up on the screen every minute that we're on the AIR . Fran be about to say something in anger , but before she can , one of the technician , have overhear given , get up from the control panel and start to walk away . given : luca ... luca , what the hell be you do ... get on that console ... luca ... we're on the AIR ! Lucas : anybody need a ride ! 25 two other man from various position in the room snatch up personal effect and follow the technician toward the door . the door be guard by a nervous Officer . 26 given : officer ... officer ... you stop they ... stop that men ... luca ... get back on this console ... a frantic hubbub begin over the lack of console control . people rush in and out , the floor director 's voice can be hear over a talk back system ... voice : what the hell goin ' on in there . switch ... switch ... there's no switcher ... we're losing picture ... given : officer ... stop that men ... 27 the young officer face the man as they reach he post . he take a grip on he rifle , open the door and let the group through . then he run out himself , desert the lose cause . 28 given jump toward the console . he frantically try to work the complex dial and pot ... given : get somebody in here that know how to run this thing ... come on ... i'll triple the money for the man that can run this thing ... triple the money ... we're staying on the AIR ... Fran move slowly off toward the studio . 29 in the big room , the tension be thicker than ever . a few of the newsmen still earnestly try to perform they various function , but most of the crew be reduce to emotional polarisation over the broadcast which still rage . 30 tv man 2 : they kill for one reason . they kill for food . they eat there victims , do you understand that , mr . berman . that's what keep they go . 31 Fran stop to listen to the argument . she fall back into the shadow of the studio . people rush past she , some leave the studio in disgust . 32 tv man 2 : if we'd listened ... if we'd dealt with the phenomenon properly ... without emotion ... without ... emotion ... it wouldn't have come to this ! Foster wipe he sweat with a dirty hanker chief . he pull he tie away from he tight collar , and pop the shirt button open . he be desperate now , shiver with anger and frustration . tv man 2 : there be a martial law state in effect in philadelphia ... as in all other major city in the country ... citizen must understand the ... dire ... dire consequence of this phenomenon ... should we be unable to check the spread ... because of the emotional attitude ..of the citizenry ... toward ... these issue of ... morality ... it be the order of the o.e.p. by command of the federal government ... the president of the UNITED states ... citizen may no longer occupy private residence , no matter how safely protected or well stocked ... a murmur in the studio begin to build to a emotional crescendo . Foster try to talk over the noise ... tv man 2 : citizen will be move into central area of the CITY ... 33 technician abandon they post . a few other jump in to take they place , but pandemonium reign . a cameraman whip off he headset and break for the door . his camera spin on its liquid head , and on the monitor , we see a whirling blur as Foster continue to speak . Fran move quickly for the spin camera . she aim it back at the sweat Foster , and she stare through the viewfinder not believe what she be see . 34 tv man 2 : the body of the dead will be deliver over to specially equipped squad of the national guard for organised disposition ... 35 suddenly a man dart out of the bustling crowd and come up quickly behind Fran . Steve : frannie ... at nine o'clock meet I on the roof . we're getting out . Fran : ( let the camera slip slightly ) stephen ... I don't believe this ... what ... Steve : we're getting out . in the chopper . another technician step over to take the camera from Fran . Stephen talk more quietly in the other man 's presence . Steve : nine p.m. alright ? Fran : steve ... we can 't ... we've got to ... Steve : we've got to nothing , fran . we've got to survive . somebody's got to survive . now you could be up there at nine . don 't make I come lookin ' for ya . Stephen be go in a flash . Fran nervously look back at the cameraman . the argument still rage between Foster and berman . the cameraman , without take he eye from the viewfinder , speak to francine quietly and slowly . cameraman : go ahead . we'll be off the AIR by midnight anyway . emergency network be taking over . our responsibility ... be finished , i'm afraid . 36 it be dusk , and the city of Philadelphia be surprisingly quiet . we see several large building . they be part of a low - income housing project , and they lack of grace be evident . they stand like tombstone as the first star appear in the navy blue sky . 37 under cover of the grow darkness , activity of the s.w.a.t. unit go unnotice . grappling hook grab against the lip around the roof and silent figure climb to the top of the building . Men in armour vest , clutching the latest in special weapon , take position here and there about the development . other man strategically place they car and truck in the court below . 38 on the roof , at a entrance to one of the building 's fire stair , Roger squat silently alongside three other team member . the man check they weapon . Roger look at he watch . the sweep hand reach the 12 ... Roger : ( to himself ) light . 39 in a instant , large searchlight bathe the side of the building . the troop commander , shield with other officer behind a large truck , shout through a electric bullhorn . Commander : martinez ... you 've be watching ... you know we have the build surrounded ... the electronically amplify voice echoe through the concrete cavern between the building of the project . there be only a few window which glow with light from inside . at the sound of the bullhorn , the light all blink out one at a time . Commander : ( not over the bullhorn ) little bastard got ' em all move into one build ... dumb little bastard ! sergeant : look like they 're gonna try to fight US . Commander : ( on the bullhorn again ) martinez ... the people in this project be you responsibility ... we don't want any of they hurt and neither do you ! 42 there be no sign of life in the building . the great concrete slab be silhouett silently against the darken sky . 43 Roger , and he team mate , crouch in readiness . the sound of the bullhorn rise to they easily and clearly . Roger : i'm givin ' you three minute , martinez ... Commander : ( bullhorn ) i'm givin ' you three minute , martinez ... turn over you weapon and surrender ... Roger : there be no charge against you ... Commander : there be no charge against you or any of you people ... Roger : yet . Commander : three minute , martinez . Roger : and counting . ( he look at he watch ) there be a long silence . Roger : come on , martinez ! one of the other s.w.a.t. team member be a big man , with a rough and vicious look face . he be wooley , a harden veteran , and a red neck of the first order . wooley : yeah , come on , martinez ... show you greasy little puerto rican ass ... so I can blow it off ... Roger look over at the big man . he be distress at the pent up violence in wooley . wooley : i'll blow all there asse off ... low life bastard .. blow all there little low life puerto rican and nigger asse right off ... Roger be greatly concerned . he look at one of the other man , a young , smoothe face rookie . the boy do not know now to react . he be obviously nervous . Roger : keep cool . just don't pop off in there when we go in . the boy nod , grateful for a more human contact . wooley : how the hell come we stick these low life in these big ass fancy hotel anyway ? shit man . this ' better than I got . you ain't gonna talk ' em outa here . you gotta blow ' em out . blow there asse ! Roger : ( to the boy ) you gonna be alright ? the boy nod in the affirmative . wooley : let' get on with it . this be a waste of my time ! 44 crash ! without warning , the metal door to the fire stair burst open and several figure rush out of the darkness . Shots be fire from hand gun . a bullet smashes through the skull of the young boy next to Roger . he fall against Roger with a plead expression on he face . figure charge this way and that . more gunfire . the other s.w.a.t. man dodge and dive for cover . wooley open fire with he automatic weapon . 45 on the street , the Commander , hearing the gunfire , bark into the bullhorn : Commander : move in ... move in ... goddammit ! sergeant : ( into walkie talkie ) all unit ... full operation ! 46 on the roof , Roger struggle under the dead weight of the young man . he try to free himself and he weapon . Shots ring out . a handful of Black and Puerto rican youngster charge about the rooftop . another s.w.a.t. patrol appear from behind a large elevator housing . the young civilian retreat . several be mow down . another bullet smashes against the dead s.w.a.t. man 's back . just as Roger frees himself , a bullet catch he squarely in the chest , but he armour take the impact . he be throw back off balance , and he struggle to catch he wind as he scramble over to recover he weapon which skitter away across the roof top . before he reach the gun , he be cut off by the loom figure of one of the Black youth , pistol in hand . Roger freeze . the young man aim he hand gun , but hesitates . a sudden barrage of bullet rip through the young Black and he fall in a pool of blood . it be wooley 's gun that kill he . wooley : come on you dumb bastard ... come and get ' em ... he fire again and again , even though the skirmish be wind down . Roger charge for he weapon , snatch it up , and run for the cover of a incinerator housing . he startles a young civilian who be hide there , try to load he gun . the boy make a break ... Roger : hold it ... the boy freeze for a moment , then , think , break into a run across the roof . Roger : hold it , kid ... don 't run out there ! the boy be mow down in a crossfire . 47 Inside the building , other s.w.a.t. team along with unit of the National Guard be crash through hallway and break into apartment unit . people be herde into the hall where they be hold at gun point . some man , although armed , surrender willingly . other retaliate against the invade force , and little skirmish develop on every floor of the complex structure . 48 on the ground , the Commander bark into the bullhorn : Commander : mask ... sergeant : ( into walkie talkie ) mask for gas ... mask for gas . 49 tear gas canister crash through window and the hall be fill with cloud of gas . civilian try to escape , be choke as they attempt to shoot they way out . 50 the team on the roof charge down the fire stair into the building . s.w.a.t. 1 : work you way down . a floor at a time . hold ' em in the hall ' til we can work ' em down the stair . Roger and wooley and the man in they unit , snap on they bizarre look gas mask . 51 the trooper break into a apartment on the floor . a old couple kneel in prayer at a small alter , while they child and they child 's child huddle in a corner . the young husband surrender he gun to a trooper , and Roger watch as the group be lead into the hallway . suddenly , a young Black man charge out of one of the apartment . a woman appear at the door , scream for he to stop . he break through a cloud of gas and wooley fire he automatic . the black man crash to the floor . wooley be craze . he kick in the door of another apartment and fire randomly into the room . the flurry of action cause panic among the civilian in the hall . the young one try to escape while the older people kneel or fall against the wall praying . s.w.a.t. 2 : wooley' gone ape shit , man ... Roger : wooley ! ( shouting ) wooley kick in the door of another apartment . Roger charge at he and grab he around the shoulder . the big man resist . his gun fire and bullet fly wildly . he struggle against Roger , but Roger manage to hold on . Roger : gimme a hand ... somebody ... another s.w.a.t. trooper step up out of the cloud of gas . he be very tall and he look mysterious in the fog as he speak in a deep voice . trooper : step away from he . Roger : gimme a hand . wooley throw he body around and slam Roger against the wall , but Roger grab he again just as the craze man be levelling off he gun at the open apartment door . Roger : goddammit ... help I ... he's crazy ! trooper : step away from he ! just then , wooley wrench free and push Roger across the hallway . the trooper carefully aim he weapon and fire one shot through wooley 's head . the big man fall back violently . the mysterious trooper turn and hurry away down the hall . other s.w.a.t. officer face he threateningly . he stare at they through he mask . they let he pass . he disappear through the smoke as other officer begin to restore order among the civilian . woman scream and cry over they dead - love one . Roger be help to he foot by another Officer . Roger 's eye be wide and stare through the insect- like lense of he mask . they be lock on the sight he see through the door of the apartment which wooley kick open . the other trooper look and he eye widen as well . 53 in the apartment , lie in a pool of blood , be the partial remain of what be a human body . it have be rip to shred . Roger stagger against the door frame . the other trooper move inside . another corpse , also mutilate , one leg miss , one arm badly mangle . it be try to move . to reach the trooper . 54 a sudden loud scream . Roger startles and spin around . a woman in the hall have see the grisly sight , and she run scream down the corridor . more confusion , as civilian push through the trooper who try to hold they back . 55 the trooper in the apartment be revulse ... trooper : jesus ... holy jesus ... a third officer enter the apartment . he speak to the trooper which be close to the writhe corpse on the floor . trooper 2 : shoot it ... shoot it through the head . the young officer be too dumb strike to respond so the third Officer pull out he pistol . then suddenly , from out of the shadow , a spectre-like figure lunge at the third Officer , flail and bite at he arm . it be a wild - haire woman . there be several bleed wound over she body . she be one of the walk dead . the trooper struggle to free himself , and Roger dart into the room . although the Zombie be weak , she manage to hold on to the trooper . another creature suddenly appear in the bedroom doorway . a male , it stagger out into the room . the young trooper struggle with he holster try to free he hand gun . suddenly , he feel something on he leg . the dismember corpse be clutching he ankle , pull itself closer , it 's mouth open . the boy try to pull away , but fall onto the floor , crash over a table and lamp . he try to crawl away , but the frail corpse keep its hold and drag along behind the young trooper , who still can not free he pistol . Roger and the third Officer fling all they weight against the woman Zombie . she fly against a wall , but bounce back immediately , and attack again . the third trooper 's rifle fire . a slug tear through the woman 's chest but it do not stop she onslaught . another shot rip through she neck . still she come . the boy on the floor manage to level off he pistol . he fire at the ghoulish head which draw closer to he leg . the thing 's skull blow open and its grasp relax . the boy be shaking violently . his arm and gun stay in the air , still poise . he fire again ... and again ... and again . 56 in the hall , the male Zombie appear , and the crowd panic . the trooper try to keep thing calm . s.w.a.t. 3 : it's one of they ... my GOD ... it's one of they . s.w.a.t. 4 : shoot for the head . woman : no ! no ! miguel ... dio mio ... miguelito ... the woman push through the crowd . the Zomby advance . before the trooper can stop she , the woman throw she arm around the creature . woman : miguel ... MI vida ... miguelito ... s.w.a.t. 3 : grab her ... get her out of there ... ( he gun be levell off , but he can not get a shot ) the Zombie clutches at the woman . it bite at she neck ... she arm . she scream with terror . she try to pull away , but the creature hold she . it bite again . a trooper come up from behind and try to wrestle the creature away . another trooper grab the woman and try to free she . she be scream insanely . the Zombie pull another piece of flesh off she arm . s.w.a.t. 3 : stand clear ... for chrissake ... stand clear ! 57 in the apartment , the female Zombie lunge at the third trooper and the two tumble to the floor . Roger wrestle she free and , with all he might , throw she against the wall . she advance again . Roger raise he gun , she be just about to reach he . he fire . the bullet drop she . 58 in the hall , a trooper bring he gun butt slamm against the male ghoul 's head . the creature lose he grip on the scream woman . the trooper who be hold she , pull she free across the floor . s.w.a.t. 3 fire . the bullet tear through the Zombie 's shoulder ... another shot ... through he neck ... another ... through the skull . it fall . 59 there be finally a calm . a few of the citizen murmur prayer . trooper and befuddle old people seem to drift through the cloud of gas in a totally daze state . 60 Roger and the third trooper from the apartment drift to the hallway . the third trooper move into the crowd , but Roger stand against the open door jamb for a moment . a sudden , loud gunshot make Roger duck and spin around . he look into the apartment . the young trooper have shot himself through the head . 61 in the dark firestair , it be very quiet . Roger burst through a metal door from one of the hall and fall against the stair railing . he be retching . he breathes heavily to contain himself . he remove he mask and cough slightly from the gas mist which still cling in the air . Voice : you're not alone brother . Roger tighten , grab for he gun . the voice be present ; very nearby . Roger look up . sitting on the stair above be the trooper who shot wooley . his rifle be aim at Roger . Voice : you be in wooley' unit . Roger : I didn't see nothin . I didn't see how he died . Roger sling he rifle , so the trooper relax and lower he gun . he remove he gas mask . he be Black . Roger : you runnin ? the Black man shrug . he have not decide . Roger : I don't just mean ' cause of wooley . I just mean ' cause of ... Voice : yeah . I know . Roger : there's a lot of people runnin '. I could run . Roger stare up at the grim face Black . Roger : I could run right tonight . the black man just stare levelly into Roger 's eye . Roger : friend of mine got a helicopter . he doe traffic for j.a.s. got a helicopter and he's runnin ' out with it . as't I t'come . the Black man smile . Roger : you think it's right to run ? the Black man shrug again , then he stand and walk down the stair . he turn past Roger on the landing and continue down into the linger gas mist . Roger follow . 62 a few landing down ... a noise . the two trooper freeze . the stairwell be dark . the noise grow louder . the trooper ready they weapon . the sound be little scraping thump , like the weary foot fall of someone ... something ... try to negotiate the stair ... there be the low , wheeze sound of labour breath . the man stare at the landing below . the Black man step forward slightly , try not to make a sound . suddenly , a figure pop out of the darkness . it fall against the wall below . both trooper raise they gun . the figure pull away from the wall . in the mist , it 's shape be ghostly ... robe ... in black ... be see the trooper ... figure : senore ... please to let I pass ... the voice weaken into a low wheeze cough . the figure slump and sit on the step , cling to the railing . it be a old Priest , obviously from a local Puerto rican Parish . Roger stoops next to the old man , who be struggle to keep he breath . he be weary . he seem to be near death . he clutches at he chest . Roger try to support he . Roger : let' get he to the medic ... Priest : no ... no ... no ... please . just ... let I pass ... my sister ... I go up to seven floor ... to find my sister ... Roger : they 're takin ' everyone down ... they probably bring her down ... come one ... Priest : my sister ... she be dead ... they tell I ... the dead they do not bring down . Roger and the Black trooper shoot glance at one another . Priest : just let I pass . martinez be dead . the people of 107 will do what you wish now . these simple people ... but strong ... they have little ... but they do not give it up easily . and they give up there dead ... to no one ! the Priest go into a cough fit . the trooper look on . Roger want to help in some way . Priest : many have died on these street in the last week ... in the basement of this build you find they ... the trooper be shocked . the Priest struggle to he foot . Priest : I have give they the last rite . now ... you do what you will ... the old man start up the stair . Roger move to help he , but the big Black man stop he . the Priest weave up through the gas mist , cough . Priest : you be stronger than US ... but soon , I think ... they be stronger than you ... the old man 's voice trail off up the stairwell as he disappear in the cloud ... Priest : when the dead walk , senore ... we must stop the killing ... or we lose the war ... 63 in the basement of the large building , s.w.a.t. trooper pry at the board which be nail over the entrance to the storage area . the rest of the riot troops stand at the ready , weapon raise ... high power rifle ... flame thrower ... the nail creak loudly as they be pull free . the man be silent , not know what to expect . there be three board leave ... then two ... with a great , tear sound , the door fly open before the man remove the last board . the board fly and the door almost rip off its hinge . like flood water , a small army of Zomby push into the hall . they be wide eye and terrifying . in life , they be mostly black and Puerto rican from the neighbour building . they be all age , from the very old to the very young . the riot troops be stunne . they can not react quickly enough , and the squeeze be so tight in the little hall that it be impossible to shoot accurately , or without the bullet injure other trooper . the man fight back , wrestle and try to back away . in the front line , Zomby bite at the flesh of the human . teeth tear into arm and hand . some man be trample in the crush . Commander : back off ... back off ... spread out ... the rear line retreat into the wider vestibule , and as the mass of struggle body spread out , shot begin to fire . some trooper , at close quarter , be able to fire off accurate round with they hand gun . other fall and be lung at by clutching ghoul . Roger and the Black trooper be in the middle of the battle . they fight off several of the creature . the battle spread into little skirmish through the dark hallway . the highly organised trooper be scattered and confuse by the mindless onslaught . 64 as the main action move away from the entrance to the storage area , several trooper move into the room . the wall be dank and grey . there be a drip sound . all around lie remnant of human civilisation . baby buggy and bicycle chain to pipe which ring the area . large trunk and carton of every size and shape ; old bed and other furniture . and here and there throughout the large area lie the remain of corpse . they have be eat away . most of they be still move , they head uninjured . two of the trooper retreat , revulse . the sound of the gunfire and scream can be hear from the hall . the big Black man walk calmly into the room . Roger watch he . he walk up to the writhe creature one at a time , and fire carefully aim shot into they head with he hand gun . tear roll down he cheek . some of the creature be without arm and leg . some have be eat away about the neck and shoulder . they moan with a gurgle , gutteral sound as they try to move . a young Black Zombie , pull itself along the floor with one arm , draw close to the Black trooper . the big man aim he pistol . it click ... empty . he quickly and efficiently reach for more ammunition and begin to reload . the Zombie pull closer , its mouth wide . Roger step up behind the other trooper and fire into the creature head with he automatic rifle . the Black man brushes tear from he eye and continue to load the pistol . Roger dispose of several other creature . he come to a place where several be pile together . some lie still , other writhe about . two on the heap , although they can not move about , be eat at part of other body . Roger shoot they . they never look up . they do not seem to notice he at all . a loud creak sound break the mood suddenly . Roger look up . 65 in the ceiling , a double set of load door have be open . several other trooper look down into the storage area . trooper : jesus christ . he shine a light beam down towards Roger . trooper : you ok down there ? 64 Roger nod . 65 trooper : this must be where they dumped ' em in . 64 Roger look down at the pile of corpse beneath the open . 65 trooper : you need more men ? 64 Roger shake he head " no " . 65 trooper : jesus christ . the trooper leave the open . he be replace by two other who just stare down into the storage room through the weird , round lense of they mask . 66 the distant sound of the battle in the hall flare up again . the big Black man snap he load clip into he pistol and take a few step forward . he see a corpse wrap in a bed sheet and tie securely with clothes line . it look like a mummy . it be writhe , try to free itself . he shoot it through the head . nearby , a small corpse , that of a very young child , be also writhe , but the end of the shroud , where the child 's foot should be , have be tear open and be bloody . a stump kick around the blood where a foot have be eat off . the Black man fire into the thing 's head . Roger : they ... attack ... each other ... Black : just the fresh corpse ... before they revive ... Roger : why did these people keep they here ? why don't they turn they over ... or ... or destroy they themselves ... it's insane ... why do they do it ? Black : ' cause they still believe there's respect in dying . the big man fire into the head of another squirming Zombie . 67 in the hall of the building , trooper fall and be pounce on by ghoul . other trooper fire they automatics through the head of attack Zomby . the riot troops try to stay organised , but the onslaught be so mindless and random that it be turn into a riot . 68a the building of Philadelphia loom in the moonlight . what few light remain light reflect in the water of the delaware . 68b it be quiet except for the slight sound of lap water and a occasional wooden creak as the float dock strain against one another . there be a few big Police launch still dock in the marina . they bob about silently . the chain , which normally restrict the area , be break and dangle . the sign , which read : CITY of philadelphia - police - no admittance clang against the break chain in the wind . halfway down the long dock be a little guard house . Inside , sit at a radio transmitter , be the corpse of a uniform guard . nearby be a separate float dock on which be paint a large square pattern . it be a landing bay for Police helicopter . alongside , afloat separately but securely chain fast , be a small fuel barge , with pump and hose for refueling the chopper and launch . the other body lie bleed on the bob dock , another officer and a civilian . a bell buoy ring in the distance and we begin to hear the sound of a approach helicopter . the blade of the j.a.s. traffic copter whine as they gear down for a landing . the whirlybird settles like a hummingbird on the gently bob heliport . 69 with the blade still spin loudly , Stephen hop out of the cockpit . Steve : come on ... I need you . francine unbuckle she safety belt and jump out of she side of the machine . Steve run , ducking under the blade , around to the woman 's side of the cockpit , grab she hand , and they make for the fuel pump . Steve : I don't see roger . we'll give he ten minute . Fran : oh my GOD ! 70 the woman freeze in mid stride , and she action bring Stephen 's eye around to see what she be stare at . the two body which lie near the fuel pump . Steve : you haven't be out in it at all . it's tough to get used to it . he pull she quickly along . they have to actually step over the civilian corpse . Fran freeze again . she can not bring herself to walk over the body . Steve let go of she hand and check the tank gauge , he pull the hose with he as he move quickly back to Fran . the long hose be heavy , and it bobble the civilian corpse , almost roll it over . the back of the body head have be blow out by the exit wound of a powerful bullet . blood still run . the wound be fresh . Steve do not see this as he tug the hose over the corpse and move to the helicopter with Fran follow . 71 at the side of the machine , the blade still spin overhead , Steve jam the hose nozzle into the fuel tank receptacle . he pull one of Fran 's hand into the nozzle mechanism . Steve : just like this ... like a car ... Fran respond , get the feel of the nozzle trigger . Steve : that's it ... just hold her there ' til she spit out at ya . the woman take over and Stephen trot away toward the guard shed . the propeller blade still spin . they make a eerie , whisper sound as they pass over Fran 's head . she can hear the lap water now , and the creak moan of the shifting dock . she look this way and that , fear in she eye . 72 at the guard house , Stephen rush in to find the dead radio operator . a signal be come over the receiver in morse code . the corpse be slump over the desk and it be cover the send key . a small entry wound be barely visible in the back of the dead man 's head . as Stephen pull the body up to a erect posture in its chair , he see that the exit of the bullet all but obliterate the corpse 's face . again the wound be still run and bit of flesh and blood be splatter about the desk and the radio unit . Stephen click on the send switch and he quickly begin to send a message in morse : operator dead ... post abandoned ... 73 back on the fuel dock , the long hose brushes over the civilian corpse . a shadow move nearby , make be aware of a presence other than fran's . 74 the woman switch hand on the pump nozzle . the blade still whoosh overhead . then she hear the sound of another engine . she look towards the mainland . the headlight of a approach vehicle can be see . 75 at the guard house , Stephen , hearing the approach engine , step into the doorway and look up the dock . he call to Fran . Steve : I hope it's roger . 76 Fran : what be you do ? Steve : i'll be right there . 77 he duck back into the shed . he snatch up a first Aid kit and throw it into a khaki knapsack . he rummages in the darkness . he find a toolbox . as he stand up , he back into a tall figure which stand in the shadow . feeling something sharp and hard against he back . Steve recoil and spin to face the figure . it be a uniform officer . his rifle be levell off at Steve 's chest . from out of the shadow , a second policeman appear with a hand gun cocked and aim . 78 Fran 's eye strain to discern the approach vehicle , but suddenly she catch a movement in the corner of she vision . through the open side of the helicopter bubble , she notice a Police van . it have be there all along , it 's door flung wide open , as though abandon hurriedly . now one of the rear door move . a figure appear carry a large pack carton . the figure be uniform , with two rifle strapped to its back . it rush toward the launch dock . Voice : just stay cool . Fran , already startle by the run figure , be now doubly shocked by the calm voice behind she . she spin and the fuel nozzle clatter out of it 's receptacle to the wooden dock board . she be face another " policeman " , to aim a rifle directly at she head . Officer 1 : if you die ... it'll be you own fault . the Officer who be run with the carton shout toward the Guard House . Officer 2 : come on skipper ... they got friend comin '. 79 in the Guard House , Steve be hold at bay by one of the officer while the other uniform man move to the door to check the progress of the approach vehicle . Officer 3 : who be you ? Steve : we're with j.a.s ... we ... Officer 4 : ( at the door ) about a minute and a half . ( refer to the arrival time of the vehicle ) Officer 3 , the skipper , push Steve with he gun barrel . Steve spin out through the open doorway . he look up the dock and see the vehicle which be just turn onto the pier which be almost a mile long . 80 Officer 1 have move around Fran and he reach into the helicopter bubble pull out Steve 's rifle . 81 Steve : now wait a minute ... we're just here to refuel ... these men be already dead ... you be here ... you know that ... it look like somebody be after the launch ... we have nothing to do with ... Officer 3 : ( look at the insignia on the helicopter ) hey ... j.a.s. traffic watch ... steve andrews . Steve : ( try to capitalise on he minor celebrity power ) right ... that be I ... i'm steve andrew ... Officer 3 : no shit . 82 Officer 1 : ( shouting from the helicopter ) we'd get a lot further in this bird , skipper . 83 Steve freeze again , sense that this be not law enforcer . 84 the man who be carry the carton be now rush back up the dock have deposit he load in one of the motor launch . Officer 2 : can't all fit . 85 Officer 3 : ( directly to Stephen ) how many will that thing hold ? Officer 4 : hey , man , I ain't goin ' nowhere in nothin ' I can't driver myself ! 86 Officer 2 have return to the van and be carry out another carton rush back to the launch . Officer 2 : that's true ... somethin ' happens to he and we're stuck . stay with the launch ! Officer 1 : get a lot further in this bird ! 87 suddenly , above the two white headlight of the approach vehicle , we see a third light in red . it be the spin " bubble - gum -machine " of a squad car . it be herald by one blast of the car 's siren . 88 Officer 4 : hey , that be a black and white ! 89 Officer 1 still hold he rifle aim at Fran . Officer 1 : they see US ! 90 Officer 3 : it's alright ... we're police ... 91 Officer 2 dump he carton at the edge of the dock and pull one rifle from he back . Officer 2 : bull shit ... let' get to the boat ! 92 Officer 3 stare hard at Stephen . then at the squad car . then back at the nervous young pilot . Officer 3 : you're runnin ' , ain 't you , fly boy ? Steve do not respond . he be terrify , not know what answer to be the safest . Officer 3 : you and you friend be runnin ' off in the j.a.s. traffic bird ... the man start to grin with know . he suddenly feel in more control . Officer 3 : sit tight , boy ... they 're runin ' , too . 93 it seem to take forever for the Police car to pull down the dock . Stephen take a few step forward , squinting to see , but he be threaten by the " policeman 's " gun barrel . 94 the car screech to a stop and two armed s.w.a.t. trooper immediately pop out of the front seat on either side . they be Roger and the Black trooper . Roger : what' the problem , officer ? 95 Officer 3 : caught you friend here stealin ' company gasoline . 96 Roger : what do you mean friend ? Roger be try to play dumb , assume that the other policeman be on official business ... 97 Steve : they know , rog ... they 're tryin ' to get out , too . Officer 3 : it'd be crazy to start shootin ' at one another , now wouldn't it ? 98 Roger : sure would . 99 Officer 1 : alright , let' load up ... he sling he rifle and toss the other gun back to Fran . she bobble it and it fall , skitter across the dock . Officer 1 : you better learn how to use that thing , woman . time be tense . 100 the policeman start to unload crate and carton from they Van . the big Black trooper pull a few supplies from out of the squad car and carry they toward the helicopter . 101 Fran trot over toward Stephen . he be just come back out of the guardhouse where he pick up the toolbox and the knapsack full of supplies . the woman fall into he arm . Roger trot up . Roger : you ok ? Stephen : ( nod ) who' he ? ( refer to the big Black ) Roger : he name's peter . he's alright . the three be already move toward the helicopter . Roger : let' hustle . 102 Peter have stow the supplies in the rear of the cockpit , and he have notice the fuel hose lie on the dock . he try the nozzle in the receptacle on the chopper and hold it in until the tank fill . 103 the other " policeman " be still move carton of supplies from they van down the dock . Roger : ( to the other policeman ) you guy better move it . there be a radio report about the dock bein ' knocked out . 104 they reach the cockpit . Fran climb in and crouch on the floor in the rear of the bubble . Fran : you sure this will carry US all . Steve : little harder on the fuel , but we'll be ok . 105 as Peter climb aboard , one of the other policeman , carry a final carton , speak to Roger . Officer 2 : hey ... you got any cigarettes . Roger look at the other one at a time . Fran shake she head " no " . Roger : sorry . ( he trot around to the passenger seat ) Steve : where ya head ? Officer 2 : down river ... got a idea maybe we can make it to the island . Steve : what island ? ( he start the engine ) Officer 2 : any island ... what about you ? where you head ? Steve : straight up . 106 the policeman rush off with he two cohort . as they untie one of the launch from the dock , the j.a.s. helicopter whine loudly . then it lift off the dock with a smooth motion . the Police launch start without a problem , and it pull out onto the dark river . 107 the light on the helicopter blink as the metal bird swoops low over the Philadelphia skyline . we see a empty city . Independence Hall ... betsy Ross ' House , which fly the original american flag ... the oldest american heritage stand coldly in the night . the whirring engine fade overhead . 108 in the cockpit , Fran light a cigarette . so do Roger . no one comment , but Peter smile slightly . the big Black look down at the city . Peter : any of you leavin ' people behind ? Fran : a ex-husband . Roger : a ex-wife . Steve : you peter ? Peter : ( still look down ) some brother . 109 the whirlybird cut through the dark night sky . it fly over open country now , move West . some time have pass . 110 Roger be asleep in the passenger seat . twisted in the cramped rear of the cockpit , Fran and Peter sit very close to each other . Peter still stare off into the night . Fran : real brother ? Peter look at she . he have a strong face . Fran : real brother or ... STREET brother ? Peter : both . Fran : how many real one ? Peter : two . Fran : two . Peter : onex in jail . the other be a pro ball player . but we catch up to each other once in a while . Fran do not quite know how to respond . Peter : ( nodd at Steve ... the engine roar too loudly for the pilot to hear the conversation ) he you man now ? Fran be take off guard . she smile slightly . Fran : most of the time , yeah . Peter : just like to know who everyone be . Fran : yeah . I too . 111 Light downs on the horizon . the little helicopter chug through the shade of blue . 112 now Fran be asleep and Roger still snore . Peter stare at the back of the pilot 's head . Steve nod slightly , then shake himself . soon , he nod again ... fall asleep . Peter kick he in the shoulder . Steve look back , surprised that the big man be awake . Peter just stare at he . Steve rub he face violently with he free hand . he pull at he lower eyelid . Steve : any more water ? Peter reach into the supplies and produce a plastic container with water . Steve slug some of it and pour a little onto he face . then he pass it back to Peter , who also drink . suddenly , Fran stiffen and wake up with a start . Peter look over at she with a gentle expression . she take a moment to orient herself . Peter : ( to Stephen ) you know where you be ? Steve : I know exactly where we be . Peter : harrisburg ? Steve : passed it about a hour ago . Roger finally wake up from the loud talk . Steve : we're pretty low on fuel . i'm just waitin ' for full light so we can see what we're landin ' in . 113 in the morning light , several fire can be see on the ground , where building be burn . 114 the chopper fly over a National Guard convoy as it chug up a wind country road . 115 here and there on the ground , human activity can be see . search and destroy unit , make up of Police , guardsman and civilian volunteer move across the country side . occasionally , a Zombie be see staggering through the tree or over a field . gunfire cut the creature down . 116 Roger : jesus . it's everywhere . Steve : we're still pretty close to johnstown . we're better off away from the big city . 117 a little country airfield lie quiet in the morning sun . there be no sign of life . a few private plane dot the area , but the tower be empty . the j.a.s. chopper buzze very low just outside the tower window . 118 as the whirlybird slowly set down near the fuel pump , its blade create a wind blast which raise great cloud of dust from the dry earth . sheet of old newspaper and other light debris be send fly through the air in all direction . 119 one piece of tear newsprint blow flat against a window in one of the little shed . it stick against the glass for a moment , as though glue there , then it flutter to the ground . as the paper clear the glass , we see the face of a badly scar Zombie peer out through the window . 120 as the group scramble out of the helicopter , Stephen immediately check the fuel pump . Steve : shit , man , damn near empty . Roger : lotta private plane in farm country like this . guess they all hit the pump and take off . Steve : to where ? where the hell can they go ? Peter : where we goin ? by now , Steve have drain the dregs from the first pump into the chopper 's tank , and move to the second pump . it spurt with more force . Steve : there's a good bit left in this pump . he stretch the hose toward the chopper but it do not quite reach . Steve : damn . I gotta get it closer . 121 Steve jump back into the cockpit and the machine lift off the ground . 122 Fran be watch the action , walk slowly backwards to a small rickety hangar area . she turn and look down to the private hangar . most of they be open wide , the plane they house long go . one or two of the old wooden double - door be still close and lock with chain and padlock . the wind from the chopper blade blow she hair and send more debris fly . 123 Peter kick open the door to the chart house . the room be dusty and dilapidate . a few small chair surround a old wooden table . several half finish cup of coffee sit on top of wrinkle flight chart leave brown ring on the paper . fly buzz loudly . a old window shade click against its window from the gust of the wind and it make Peter flinch . he ready he weapon . when he see the shade , he step over to it easily , pull it and let it roll up on itself . it make a loud , flap noise . 124 outside , the chopper set down . Roger be ready with the hose nozzle . ducking under the blade he insert the device into the tank receptacle even before Stephen have idl the engine . Stephen hop out of the cockpit and shout over the engine noise . Steve : i'm gonna see what' left in the hangar . he trot off after Fran . 125 in the chart house , Peter idly drop a coin into a old coffee machine at one end of the room . the machine click loudly and spit out a cup . to Peter 's surprise , the cup start to fill with hot brown liquid . while he wait . Peter notice a series of note tape to the machine and the surround wall . they be all write hurriedly in various hand and with all sort of ink and colour . lucy - gone to johnstown . charle - I have the kide . left with BEN . couldn't wait . gone to erie - jack foster . there be dozen of such message . Peter take the full coffee cup from the machine . as he sip it , he eye fall on a closet door just across the room . it be move slightly . it be lock , but it bang against the lock ...once ...twice ... more regularly than if cause by the wind draft . Peter step closer . now the door bang violently with a loud crash , but it hold . Peter set he coffee on the chart table and take he rifle in both hand . again the door bang hard , and a skeleton key be knock out of the keyhole . it fall to the floor with a metallic clang , and Peter notice a cake blood stain where blood recently run out of the closet , under the door and onto the linoleum . another bang and a gurgle moan . one of the live dead be try to break out of the closet . quite calmly . Peter raise he rifle and aim it at the door about head high . the rifle roar in the little room , and a splintery hole appear in the old wooden door . 126 outside , Fran and Stephen snap to attention at the sound of the rifle . Fran stand at the entrance to one of the little wooden hangar . Stephen be check out the cockpit of a old cessna inside . immediately , Stephen run out and grab Fran 's hand . as they turn the corner to run up the grade to the helicopter , they be confront with two Zomby , staggering slowly towards they through the dust cloud from the chopper . Fran scream . they have no weapon with they . Steve : roger ... roger ... 127 under the whirling chopper blade , Roger continue to fill the fuel tank . in the roar of the engine , he can not hear anything else . a third Zombie lumber toward the helicopter . Roger 's back be to the creature and he be unaware of the impending danger . 128 Inside the chart house . Peter stare at the closet door . it be still for a moment ... then another moan and the door bang again . Peter fire two shot , lower right and lower leave of the first form a triangle . 129 the two creature advance slowly on Fran and Steve . Steve : just run . Fran be petrify . she turn and look behind they . they be box in by the hangar . Steve : run right past ' em ... right around ' em . they can't catch you . she hesitates . the Zomby draw closer . Steve : run , frannie . goddammit , i'm right behind you . we can handle they ! Fran charge up the little grade . she run to the right of the creature and they move in she direction , arm outstretch . as she draw near to the dead thing , she hesitates again in fright . the creature claw at the air . the one in front be within a few foot of the woman . Steve : run , frannie . move ! Fran stare into the dead , stare eye of the lead Zombie . she be almost hypnotise . at the last instant , she run and just get past the creature . a little up the grade , she turn and look back , stop again . one Zombie turn slowly and start up the grade after Fran . the other continue to advance on Stephen . 130 Stephen duck back into the open hangar . it be very dark but for thin beam of sunlight which cut through between the wooden board of the structure . Stephen root around among the greasy tool which clutter the area . he find a enormous sledge hammer . he run out of the shed . 131 he dodge around the lead Zombie , who stagger on with inertia . Steve see that Fran be still face the second creature . the man take a firm grip on the giant hammer as he charge up the grade toward the Zombie 's back . as he reach the creature , he bring the twenty pound steel head of the sledge slamm against the ghoul 's skull with all he might . the creature stagger on for a few more step , its head a bloody pulp , then it fall to its knee and finally flop face down in the dust . without break stride , Stephen grab Fran 's hand and the two run toward the helicopter . the other Zombie at the hangar have turn around and be walk up the grade . 132 Roger be pump the last drop out of the fuel hose when he see the frighten couple make for the chopper . 133 as Steve charge up the grade he see the Zombie approach Roger from behind . Steve shout and Roger spin around . the stumbling creature be very close . it raise its arm and its hand clutch at the air . Roger let the fuel nozzle drop to the ground . he be trap at the side of the machine . he do not have he rifle . he fumble with the snap on he hand - gun holster . suddenly , the blank face of the Zombie turn red as the top of its head seem to disintegrate into a bloody pulp . the creature have walk into the spin chopper blade . its body stagger forward another step or two , then the thing collapse in a heap . 134 Stephen and Fran have reach the chopper . Steve let 's go of the woman 's hand and he drop he bloody sledge to the ground . he lunge into the cockpit and snatch up he rifle , ducking in the propeller draft . 135 the Zombie which be stumbling up the grade from the hangar almost lose its foot , but it regains its balance and advance steadily toward the helicopter . 136 the shot miss clean . he fire again . the bullet graze the creature 's face . it stagger from the impact , but do not fall . 137 Roger move quickly for he high power weapon . Steve fire two more round . 138 another miss and another graze , this time on the arm . 139 he be about to shoot once more when Roger stop he , step up alongside . Roger calmly aim and fire one shot cleanly through the creature ' brain . 140 the Zombie fall and papers blow over its body . 141 in the chart house . Peter fire several more shot into the closet door . bullet hole appear just where the creature 's head should be . there seem to be no way that the volley could have miss . silence for a moment . Peter still hold he gun high . then , with a great crash , the closet door fly open into the room . two small child burst out . one have no leave arm ; the other have be bleed from a great wound in he side . they be dead . they move directly toward Peter . they head be at least a foot short than the bullet hole in the closet door . Peter stare down at the creature , revulse . he be so startle that he cannot react quickly enough , and they be on he . the moment he feel they clammy grasp , he regains he survival instinct . he can not effectively aim he rifle . he kick and thrashes around . one creature fly against a wall . the other be about to bite the man 's arm . the big Black grab the small Zombie and fling it physically back . the other creature pounce on he back . he throw it over he shoulder and it crash against its brother . now Peter raise he gun . as the child try to scramble to they foot the man fire several shot in rapid succession . first one creature fall ; then the other . Peter continue to fire , he eye wide with desperation and disgust . finally he weapon click . it be out of ammunition . Peter breathes heavily . he stare at the small corpse . instinctively , he begin load he weapon , without even look at the action , as he back wearily out toward the door of the chart house . 142 behind he , in the brightly sunlit doorway , we see the Zombie who first appear at the window . the creature stagger forward . Peter turn and startles . he reach for more shell and back away a few step as he try to load the bullet into he gun . the creature reach out and take another step into the room . Peter stare into the creature eye . then suddenly , out in the sunlight , a few hundred foot behind the Zombie , Stephen appear with he rifle . Peter see the man over the creature 's shoulder . 143 Steve raise he gun and aim at the Zombie , but the barrel seem to be on a straight line with Peter . 144 Peter duck quickly . Steve 's gun fire . the bullet miss the creature cleanly and crash into the room . it ricochet off the coffee machine . another shot crash through the glass in the front room . Peter crouch , still stuff shell into he weapon . a third of Stephen 's bullet tear through the Zombie 's shoulder , but the creature still stand . it turn toward Peter slowly . Peter crawl under the table as another shot splatter into the coffee cup . 145 once again , Roger step up beside Stephen . he fire one carefully aim shot , look through he telescopic range - finder . 146 just as Peter finish load he weapon , the Zombie crash into the room , fall over the table and onto the floor . 147 Fran be still kneel in the dust , try to keep herself from vomit . Stephen rush to she side . Roger , keep he rifle poise , shout toward the chart house . Roger : peter . 148 the big Black man appear in the doorway , snap the safety on he rifle . 151 Fran 's retching cause she to choke and cough . Steve try to comfort she , not know what to say and shaking himself . 152 Peter advance with long stride . 153 Stephen look up when the Black man be a dozen step away . immediately , he see the anger in Peter 's eye . the big trooper then raise he rifle and aim it a Stephen . Steve try to stand , but trip and fall on he back in the dust . in a instant , Peter be loom over he with the barrel of he rifle aim at point blank range for the shiver man 's forehead . Fran scream through she choke ... Fran : no ... my GOD ... don 't ... what be you do ? Peter speak calmly to Stephen , in low tone . Peter : you never AIM a gun at anyone , mister . it's scary . isn 't it ? isn't it ? Stephen look up at the tall man , shiver . then Peter lower he weapon and extend he hand , help Stephen up onto he foot . 154 Roger clear the fuel hose from around the runner of the chopper . Peter climb into the cockpit and sit in the rear without say another word . Roger help Fran climb aboard . Steve wander around the front of the cockpit bubble and climb into the Pilot 's seat . Roger climb in behind Fran as she squeeze into the uncomfortable space beside Peter . the big black offer the woman a sip of water , which she accept . then she let she head flop wearily against the rear bulkhead . 155 Steve be urgently surveying he flight chart , shuffle the papers and try to seem very busy after the embarrassment of the incident . Steve : we gotta find fuel . maybe closer to pittsburgh . Roger : no , we've gotta stay out of the big city . it it's anything like PHILLY we might never get out alive . Peter : we might not get out of any place alive . we almost didn't get out of here . Roger : we're gettin ' outa here fine . as long as there's not too many of that thing we can handle ' em easy . Peter : yeah , well it wasn 't " that thing " that nearly blew I away ! Stephen turn around and be about to say something angrily . Roger stop he by speak urgently . Roger : we gotta stay in the stick . there's bound to be more little private airport upstate . Steve : ( reluctantly go back to he chart ) there's the lock along the allgheny . fuel station there , private and state . Roger : prob 'ly still manned . we don't need that hassle either . Steve : they 're just out after scavenger ... looters ... Peter : oh , you got the paper for this limousine ? Steve : ( angrily ) I got j.a.s. id . so doe fran . Peter right . and we're out here doin ' traffic report ? wake up , sucker . we're thieve and bad guy be what we be . and we gotta find our own way ! there be a long silence . the engine drone , but the helicopter still sit on the ground . the man look at each other . Peter take a long slug of water . Fran : jesus christ . we don't even know where we're go . we don't have a radio . we're running out of water . we need food .... stephen , you need to sleep . 156 we see a wide shot of the little airfield . the j.a.s. chopper sit on the ground for a moment , it 's prop spin . the , with a surge of power , it lift off and fly away . the dry earth swirl up into cloud and blow more bit of paper over the wide - eye corpse which lie in the morning sunlight . 157 we see the facade of a enormous structure . it be a huge , suburban shopping mall . the outer wall be all concrete , and they clean line stretch upward for more than two storey . the building look like a giant domino lie flat on the ground . there be only four entrance , and the shop which be house within have no window open onto the surround lot . 158 in the immense area around the building , lane and stall be paint for automobile parking . what few car now dot the area be park randomly , some with they door open wide . 159 we hear the sound of the helicopter engine fade in , then we see the little machine as it approach and ease down onto the roof of the building . 160 in the parking lot , walk among the abandon vehicle , we see several of the live dead . they look almost like normal shopper at the mall for morning chore , but they lumber walk be unmistakably stiff . 161 at one of the mall entrance , we see a revolve door flanke by several regularly hinge door , all make of glass and surround by large window . a few of the Zomby manage to negotiate the hinge door and enter the building . other bounce off window and claw the transparent glass in confusion . one creature walk around in the revolve door endlessly . there be a good many of the creature , but they be spread out and far between . they move with no seem purpose . we do not yet see the mall interior . the Zomby pay no attention to the sound of the chopper engine stop overhead . 162 on the roof , even as the blade of the helicopter still spin , the human be out and move to the edge of the building . they look down at the creature which dot the parking lot . Fran : oh my GOD ! Stephen : no chance . forget it , let' get outta here . Roger : wait a minute , wait a minute ... they can't get up here . Steve : yeah , and we can't go down there ! Roger : let' check it out . Roger trot away . 163 Peter have move directly to a area where a giant grid of transparent plexiglas bubbles face down into the building . he stare through one of they and can see into the mall below . Roger trot up and peer through another of the bubbles . Peter : most of the gate be down . I don't think they can get into the stores.164 the vantage point only reveal a small aspect of the interior , a square plaza with a garden beneath the sunroof of transparent bubbles . the space be open all the way down to the garden , which be two storey below . around the garden on the bottom floor can be see the entrance to several shop . all but one have heavy metal cage gate down and lock into position . one or two Zomby be see wander about . they can not enter the store , except for the one which be un - gated . halfway up the wall can be see a balcony railing which ring the entire plaza , it be a second storey of shop . the same cage - gate seal off the visible store entrance , but none of the dead creature be evident on the balcony . 165 Fran and Stephen come trot up to the bubbles . Roger : I haven't see any of they up on the second floor . Peter : the big department store usually use both floors . Roger : if we can get in up top ... 166 Peter be look across the rest of the expansive rooftop . he take off toward a series of other housing which jut up out of the otherwise flat surface . Roger follow . 167 Fran : ( still stare down through a bubble ) what be they do ? why do they come here ? Steve : ( also look down ) some kind of instinct . memory ... of what they used to do . this be a important place in there live . 168 below , the Zomby which be in sight wander aimlessly over the plaza . some try the gate but can not budge they . one wander out of the single open shop , it be a female . the shop be a appliance store . as the creature leave she drag a toaster idly behind she , pull it by its power cable . it scrape on the floor loudly . 169 we see a installation of large reflector mount in a intricate metal skeleton which stretch across a large area of the roof surface . behind the structure can be see a large power generator . 170 Peter : solar screen . Roger : can't be enough to power this place . Peter : emergency system , maybe . Roger : it's pretty lit up in there . Peter : guess the power be not off in this area . a lot of philly still lit . could be nuclear . 171 Roger : hey look at this ! Roger be peer down through a wire - hatched skylight . there be several laid out over this particular area of the roof . he move to another while Peter look down into the first . Fran and Stephen jog up . Roger : these don 't go down into the mall . what the hell be this ? Fran and Stephen peer down into the darkness . Peter pull a flashlight from he utility belt . he have stay in full uniform all the while , where Roger have stripped off all but he ammunition belt and pistol holster . 172 the big man shine a light beam down into the space . the floor be only seven foot or so below the window . there be absolutely nothing in sight ; clear floor , clear wall , all light grey . Peter : damn . 173 Roger have move to another window . Roger : hey , over here . there's somethin ' here . 174 Peter trot over and shine he beam down . they see a vast array of cardboard carton ... hundred of they . Roger : storage ? 175 Peter move the light beam . now it illuminate a collection of large drum , stack floor to ceiling and run deep past the line of vision . on the face of each drum be the familiar symbol of a triangle within a circle , and the letter c.d . 176 Peter : civil defence . civil defence water supply . Roger : and box of canned food ! Steve : how do we get down there ? Peter look at Stephen as a street - wise - tough would look at a hopeless city - slick -sissy . then the big man bring he rifle butt down against the glass and the shattered pane crash to the floor below . 177 Inside - the vast space be impressive . it be quite dark but for ray of sunlight which drift through the occasional skylight . we see a enormous quantity of food carton and water drum , it be very quiet . the space be barren except for the stack of Civil Defence supplies . 178 suddenly , a figure drop out of one of the skylight , landing on its foot in the sunray . it be Peter . instantly he ready he rifle , look this way and that across the large room . silence . Peter : ok . he step aside and Roger climb in . he too drop cat- like to the floor . 179 the two man instantly sling they rifle and move to the food carton as by pre-arranged plan . they carry the big box quickly , one at a time , to the spot under the open skylight . in a moment , they have build a pyramid out of the carton . it create a kind of stairway for a quick escape through the window above . 180 now Fran lower herself into the room and be able to climb down the carton hold onto Roger 's hand . she be follow by a anxious Stephen . 181 Peter have already wander off . there be only two door in the enormous room , one at either end . the big trooper move up to one of they as Roger come up behind he , gun ready . Peter 's hand turn the doorknob . it be unlock , and the big man give Roger a familiar nod . Roger stand several foot back , he rifle aim directly at the door and ready to fire . then , with a sudden , commando - like motion . Peter throw the door open and duck away flat against the wall . Roger stiffen , he finger all but pull he trigger , but there be no apparent danger . 182 the door open onto another vast room , equivalent to the one the people be in . it also have stack of C.D. supplies . the trooper cautiously move into the area through the door . the room be empty . the same sunrays pierce the darkness through skylight . all be dead quiet . this room have no door at all , but for the one Peter open . Roger : double damn ! look like a free lunch , buddy .183 in the first room Stephen have start to rip open one of the carton . Fran : spam ! Roger walk back into the room . Roger : you bring a can opener ? Fran : oh . Roger : then don't knock spam . it's got it's own key . the woman flip over the can in she hand and find the little key . Peter have walk right past the group . he be move quickly toward the still - unknown door at the other end of the room . again , Roger follow . 184 at the door , the two trooper go through the same s.w.a.t. procedure . the door swing open , this time onto a very small space . again no immediate danger . 185 as the man enter , they discover that they be on the top landing of a concrete and metal firestair . there be no window , and the air be musty . there be one bare light bulb light in the ceiling , but down the stair at the next landing it be quite dark , and there the stair wind even further down ; they recede into blackness . Roger : whatd 'ya think ? the Black man just stare , first down into the darkness then back into the storage area . Roger : this be the only way up here . whatd 'ya think ? CUT . 186 a great barricade of food carton have be stack against the stairway door . 187 near the pyramid under the open skylight , the group of refugee sit on the floor . Stephen be asleep . Fran sit next to he curl form , she hand in he hair . Roger lean against the pyramid and Peter sit in the lotus position , he gun across he leg , squarely face the suspicious stairwell . he and Roger still pick at they food . Roger swill water from a empty spam can which he have fill from one of the C.D. drum . Roger : you better get some sleep , too , buddy . Peter : there's a awful lot of STUFF down there that we could use , brother . Roger : I know it . Fran stiffen at the talk . she do not believe what she be hearing . she know instantly that the man will try to raid the mall . Peter : they 're pretty spread out down there . it be a big place . I think we would out -run ' em . Roger : hit and run . Peter : hit and run ... maybe grab US off a radio ... Fran : you're crazy ! Roger : this place could be a gold mine . we gotta at least check it out . 188 Roger check he weaponry and quickly move toward the door where he begin to remove the barricade of carton . Peter still sit , check he own gun . 189 Fran : this be exactly what we're try to get away from ... look what happened at the airport ... Peter : the only problem at the airport be stray bullet ! we could outfight that dummy blindfolded . Fran : stephen ... ( the exhaust Pilot be sleep through it all ) Peter : ( stand ) leave he be . we're goin ' ourselves . the big trooper bend over snatching up Stephen 's rifle . he snap off the safety and slam a shell into the chamber . he hand it to the woman . Peter : that's ready to shoot . be careful . Fran hold the gun gingerly . Peter : the trigger squeezy real easy , but the weapon will kick you good when it fire . be ready for that . Fran wait a minute , I ... Peter : anyone but US come up they stair , you guy take off in the machine . we'll try to make it out to the parkin ' lot . you can pick US up there . Fran just stare up at the big man , with desperation in she eye . she have stop argue see that the trooper ' decision be make . Peter : if we don't show up after a few minute ... we'll catch up to you some other time . you understand?190 in the dimly light firestair , the door on the top landing pull open suddenly . the stairway be still empty . the trooper move slowly out onto the landing . they look down into the darkness below . then they move slowly and silently down the step . Fran appear on the upper landing . she stand in the doorway clutching the rifle . Peter stop for a moment , look back up at the frighten woman . Peter : you'll prob 'ly hear some shoot . just don't panic , ok . Fran sigh exhaustedly . Peter : you'll be alright . it's our asse that's in the FIRE . 191 two landing below , there be almost no light . Roger click on he flashlight and shine the beam around . he be in a very small concrete space . the stair go down no further . there be only one door . Peter ease down the step behind . Roger : this be the only way up there.192 we see the other side of the metal door . it stand in another cement wall space , which also seem small from we angle , but it be fully light . the door open slowly , and the trooper cautiously step out . as the camera swing around , we see that the man be at the end of a long narrow hallway . directly across from they be two open supply room , one contain a stationery sink and a toilet . both room be fill with clean supplies . 193 down along the hall can be see a dozen or so doorway . some door be open , some be close . along the opposite wall there be nothing . the far end of the hall , about a hundred yard away , open out onto the second story of the mall proper . 194 the man look at one another and slowly move down the corridor . they try the first two door , which be lock . the third be wide open . 195 Roger duck quickly into the room with he rifle raise . it be a large administrative office , with row of desk which be fully equip for a staff of secretary and accountant . 196 the next room have a close door , but it be unlock . Peter swing the door open and silently jump into the room . this be a much more spartan area , with two metal desk and a few chair . there be several phone . it be a maintenance office . on one wall be a large map of the mall , with pin flag and scribbling over a acetate which cover the draw . at the other end of the space be a huge electrical panel with circuit breaker and a entire series of master control all key by a number code to another map of the mall show electrical installation . on the wall behind Peter be a large blackboard and two metal cabinet . one be open . it contain all sort of tool , manual and electric . there be circuit tester , walkie talkie unit and there be several enormous ring contain hundred of key , also colour and number code . Peter grab up one of the ring and Roger step up behind he . Roger : the keys to the kingdom .197 back in the hallway , Roger 's hand try another doorknob and throw the door open . this open onto beautifully plush office , obviously the executive headquarters . the room interconnect , and while Peter walk from door to door in the corridor , Roger move through the inner door , meeting Peter at each room . one office be more elegant than the next , with the latest in designer furniture and expensive decoration . 198 the trooper finally reach a room on which both the interior and corridor door be close and lock . the brass nameplate on the interior door read c.j. porter - President .199 Roger move out to the corridor where he join Peter . they move into the exterior corridor . they be very near the end of the hall , and the brightly light shopping area be close at hand . they can only see a small section . 200 the balcony on they side be raile off against the open drop down to the first floor , and across the great cavity they see the opposite balcony . on the far side only two store front can be see . they be both gated and shut . 201 the two realise what danger might face they in the mall proper . they look at each other and move forward , each cling to opposite wall in the corridor . 202 as they reach the mall proper they slowly and carefully peer around they respective corner . 203 the upper balcony totally surround the vast interior of the building , and at several point bridge across from one side to the other . Little shop of all type run along the entire length of the balcony , and at each far end , stand the entrance arch for a large department store . most of the store be gated , but several seem open . the big department store be gated and lock . here and there tall tree grow up from the ground floor and reach up into view of the second storey . there be none of the live dead evident on the balcony . 204 the two trooper move slowly and quietly to the railing . the crouch and peer down through the bar of the rail . below , the sight be even more spectacular . 205 store of every type offer gaudy display of consumer item . everything from clothing to appliance . photo equipment ; audio and video outlet ; sport goods and weaponry ; gourmet food and natural organic food . there be a Book store , a record store , a Real estate Agency and a Bank ; a novelty shop , a gift shop ; all with the absolute latest in american consumer item . and at either end of the concourse like the main altar at each end of a Cathedral , stand the mammoth two storey Department store ; great symbol of a consumer society . down the centre of the ground floor , along with the garden and park bench , be little stall . one be a tobacco specialist another jewellery ; another be a small photo portrait stall where mother have they child photograph . there be restaurant and snack bar and numerous coin operate machine sell everything from child 's toy to blood pressure reading . there be a large turntable , design to spin but which be now still , hold a late model car on exhibit . another turntable display futuristic household appliance . the image be all too familiar , but in they present state they appear as a archaeological discovery revealing the god and custom of a civilisation now go . the ghost of a civilisation , however , be not figment in the mind . they be quite real . and they walk below in the aisle of the great Cathedral . at least twenty Zomby can be see from the trooper ' perspective . 206 Roger : it's christmastime down there , buddy . Peter : fat CITY , brother . how we gonna work it . Roger : we get into the department store up here . they prob 'ly have there own escalator inside . Peter : let' check that keys . 207 the trooper stealthily pull away from the railing and back into the administrative corridor . then they move quickly down the hall toward the maintenance Office . 208 as the man leave the balcony , the camera pan . several yard away a Zombie stagger out of one of the open store . it be follow by a second creature , a female without one arm . they be move along the balcony toward the open corridor . 209 in the maintenance Office , the trooper be check the key against the code map on the wall . Roger : seventy two ... U. and D. ... here it be ... the man check the key . Peter find corresponding number . Peter : here . Roger : let' just hope it's right . Peter : look here ( on the map ) these number must all be lock ( he point ) front ... side ... back outside , must be like loading dock ... but what be these ? the man point to several numbered spot which seem to be within the big Department store they be study . Roger : washroom ... equipment ... I dunno . Roger move off toward the electrical control panel . Peter still stare at the map . Peter : I guess these gotta be the gate . Roger : how about a little music ? Peter : what?210 the big Black move up behind he partner . one of the control on the panel be mark : music tape . it indicate a master switch which be in the off position . another be mark floor exhibit and a series of other be mark escalator . there be dozen of master switch which be in the off mode . Peter : power switch . Roger : the music might cover the noise we make . Peter : hit ' em all . might as well have power in everything . we might need it . Roger hit the switch one at a time . 211 throughout the mall , we hear the drine of the dull , mass produce music design to lull a shopper 's brain . 212 upstair , francine startles at the sound from below . she snap the rifle into she hand , ready to fire . she have be stand just inside the storage area . she step into the firestair and look down into the darkness . the sound of the insipid music drift up to she . she lean into the storage area again . Fran : stephen ... stephen ! 213 Steve , still lie on the floor against the escape pyramid , slowly awaken . 214 down on the first floor of the big mall , thing begin to work . the automobile turntable start spin ; the great escalator move up and sow . two of the live dead , catch just start up two stall escalator , fall and roll down as the mechanical step begin move . light blink on the exhibit , and mechanical window display begin they robot- like motion . it be like a Carnival come alive . the Zomby which wander the floor look about in confusion . some of they swat ineffectively at the move exhibit . 215 in a very tall cage , which reach from the first floor all the way to the ceiling , the tropical bird which be house within begin to flutter and squawk . 216 in a pet shop , there be puppy and kitten in a window display . they whine and scramble over one another in fright at the noise and the motion and the coloured light . 217 on one of the floor exhibit , a rear-projection movie start . it be a dryly produce film about the merit of a Real estate developer 's new tract of suburban house . a narrator speak in a friendly voice : ... and for price which anyone can afford , you can live in this luxurious new home by brandon . fully electric , central air , ..etc . 218 in the maintenance Office , the trooper ready themselves for they raid . Peter secure the vital key ring to he utility belt and the move out . Peter and Roger move down the Hall and exit through door to exterior corridor . 219 just as Roger move through the door into the corridor , he be confront by the Zomby from the balcony . he startles and duck back into the room . the close Zombie be reach out with clutching hand . Peter raise he gun and fire two shot cleanly through the creature 's head . 220 as the shot ring through the area , Fran , stand at the top of the firestair , startles . Steve grab the rifle from the woman . Steve : jesus christ ... they 're maniac . 221 the trooper step over the corpse . the second Zombie , the arm less female , be walk toward they . this time Roger fire he weapon . the creature fall in a heap . Roger : whatd 'ya think ? bag it or try for it ? Peter : you game ? Roger nod and the two man run down the hall toward the mall . they rifle poise , they be like commando on a important mission . the man at the mall mouth see the department store and start for it . they run from the corridor onto the balcony . 222 the battle to win the mall have begin . the creature which wander the first floor look about , attract by the sound , but they be confuse . they walk this way and that , in mis-guide staggering stride . 223 several of the Zomby try to move up the down -escalator . they fall over themselves and cannot negotiate the move stairway . 224 a few creature who move onto the up -escalator also fall against each other from the movement , but one fall onto the move step and be carry upward . then another manage to keep its balance hold on to the hand rail . 225 at another point down the length of the mall , there be a stationary stairway which run from the first to the second floor . several creature move up the step . 226 at the top of the firestair , Stephen begin to move down the step cautiously . his rifle be at the ready . Fran stay on the top landing . Fran : stephen , don't go down there . ( he continue ) stephen please ! Steve : it's alright . 227 at the huge gate which lock off the big Department store , the two trooper come to a crash stop . 228 there be a side concourse which can be see from this vantage point , and in the hall be four or five Zomby . they be about three hundred foot away . 229 Roger keep he rifle levell off in the direction of the creature while Peter confront the lock at the middle of the big roll gate . he fumble with the key for a moment until he finally sink the proper key into the receptacle which be right at the floor . the tumbler turn successfully . Peter : alright ! 230 on the escalator , the creature which fall onto the move step be be carry up to the balcony . the one support himself on the hand rail be still stand . the head of the stand Zombie suddenly become visible from Roger 's perspective . 231 the trooper raise he gun and aim for the creature 's forehead . Peter try to life the roll gate . it will not move . it be still lock . Peter : you bastard ! Roger : what ? Peter : still locked ... ( he see another assembly ) on the side ... the big man move to the far side of the gate . the same key fit . Roger re-focus on the creature which be riding the escalator . it be quite near the top now . Roger be about to shoot when something catch he eye . 232 the fall Zomby , which up to now could not be see behind the escalator rail wall , suddenly come tumble out onto the balcony floor . 233 Roger fire , but he aim be inaccurate . 234 he hit the stand Zombie in the neck . the creature be throw off balance enough to lose its foot . it fall back down the escalator , but before it reach the bottom , it stop roll . the step carry it back up toward the second floor again . it be still very much alive . the two creature on the balcony struggle to stand . 235 Roger look back over he shoulder . 236 the Zomby from the side concourse be now about a hundred and fifty foot away . 237 Peter turn the key in the lock , but again the gate will not lift . it move slightly , as the middle mechanism and the one on the far right be free , but there be a third lock on the far leave . Peter move to it quickly . 238 on the first floor concourse , other creature be beginning to take note of the action upstairs . they start to move . 239 the Zomby on the stationary stairway be beginning to reach the second floor , but they be far down the main balcony . they will have to pass the administrative corridor in order to reach the Department store . 240 Roger fire again . 241 one of the nearby Zomby fall in a heap . 242 at the sound of the rifle , Fran get desperate . Fran : stephen ... for GOD be sake ... let' get up on the roof ...243 Steve be at the middle landing . he stare down into the darkness below . more gunfire can be hear from the mall . Steve : it's alright , i'm tellin ' ya . that thing don't move fast enough to catch US . more gunfire can be hear . 244 now the giant gate roll up with a loud rumble . Peter duck into the store even as the gate be still rise , but the inertia of the great metal cage carry the lip up out of Peter 's grasp . he jump to try to catch it , but he miss . it jerk up into its fully open position and roll back down slightly , but still Peter can not reach the lip . it slide back to rest about three foot above Peter 's fingertip . 245 the Zomby advance . 246 Roger drop another with a clean shot through the head , then he back into the archway of the Department store entrance . Peter be desperately look around for something to stand on to reach the gate . 247 the Zomby be very close to the arch now , advance steadily . 248 Peter grab a small counter use to display shoe , but it be too heavy for he to move himself . Peter : here ... come on ... Roger have to abandon he post at the arch long enough to help drag the little counter . the man drag it to a point just at the side of the open arch , and Peter instantly jump up on the top of it . at that instant , a Zombie round the corner and grab at Peter 's leg . the big man kick , startle , and the motion cause he to fall off the little counter . he land on he foot , but out on the balcony beyond the arch . Roger bring he rifle butt around against the creature 's head and the Zombie fall back , but be not dead . other creature be only a few foot from Peter , whose gun sit on the little counter inside the store . Roger level off he rifle but cannot fire as Peter be in the line . Peter make a move and , like a football player , juke to the leave , then to the right . he dive right at one of the creature carry it into the store . now Roger fire , drop one , then another . Peter jump back up on the counter . Peter : behind you ... behind you ... the creature in the store have crash against a cosmetics display and be regain its foot . Roger turn and fire . the creature fall . Peter grab the lip of the roll gate and start to bring it down . there be several creature right in the archway , now they clutch with they hand . one block the downward progress of the gate . Roger fire point blank and the Zombie fly back . the gate lower but be stop by the clutching hand of other creature . Roger grab the cage now and help to pull it down . Peter , still grip the lip , jump off the counter to get more leverage . the bottom of the gate be now four foot from the floor . the two man be able to move it steadily downward . the Zomby be very weak , but more creature appear make it more difficult . then one Zombie try to crawl under the gate . its torso just get through as the gate slam down against its chest . its arm grab for Peter 's leg and its mouth be gasp . its body be prevent the gate from engage in the floor mechanism . Roger let go the cage as Peter try to hold it against the creature outside . grabbing he rifle , Roger bring the butt straight down on the clutching Zombie 's skull . the Zombie go limp . then Roger try to push the creature clear of the gate , but the pressure be too great . Roger : let up a little ... let up a little ... the gate rise a few inch . more Zomby appear outside . they hand clutch at the roll gate . the opening in the grid be only big enough for they finger , they hand can not reach through , but they be push the gate higher and higher ... more than Peter intend to clear the obstruct corpse . with he rifle butt , Roger manage to push the dead Zombie clear except for one of its arm . from outside , a creature 's hand suddenly grab Roger 's weapon . for a moment its like a tug-o - War . Peter be have a harder time hold the gate . it be inching upward . Peter : come on ... come on ... Roger let go he gun barrel and the weapon be snatch away by the creature in the crowd . Roger grab for the gate . Peter : the arm ... that arm be in the way . Roger squat again and manage to throw the dead Zombie 's arm clear . then he grab the gate again . now it start to move down more steadily . at the last moment , another clutching arm jut into the store , but when the gate hit it , it withdraw , and the big cage click solidly into place . the two trooper step back from the gate . the creature still moan and gurgle , slamm against the gate , they finger clutching at the grid , but they be unable to budge it . there be ten or twelve Zomby try to get into the Department store and several other be make they way along the balcony . at least six lie dead along the floor . Roger : well ... we're in ... now , how the hell we gonna get back ? Peter : let' go shoppin ' first . the two man back into the aisle of the store . the creature outside still push and claw at the gate . the one with Roger 's rifle use it as a bludgeon , but it have no effect . 249 Stephen open the door into the administration corridor . 250 from he perspective , the hall be inactive . he observe the washroom and the long row of door to the various office . 251 he start into the corridor , let the firestair door close . 252 at the top of the firestair , Fran can see the beam of light from the open door below . as the door close , the beam narrow , then it blink out with a click as the door close . Fran : stephen ... jesus GOD ... she be very frighten . she back into the storage area .253 she move quickly to the pyramid of carton which lead to the roof . she sit on the bottom carton bite she finger . 254 in the Department store , Roger be riding down a escalator . he have find a back pack , and it be obviously already fill with goods . as he step off the move stair on the ground floor , the surroundings be eerily quiet . 255 he move through a clothing department . we see the dead look face of store mannequin . Roger run into one and be greatly startle . he snatch up a line windbreaker and tie it around he waist by its arm , then he trot off down another aisle , where he find Peter . 256 the big trooper have a radio under he arm and he be snatching up a small television . Roger : hey man , we can't carry all this shit ... 257 Peter turn a corner and dump the article into something which we cannot yet see . as Roger trot up , he see that Peter have a big gardening cart already heape with goods . Roger : oh ... we're gonna just wheel right by ' em , right ? Peter : we gonna try , brother . we ain't doin ' this for the exercise . we might as well try to get what we can . Roger : there's no way this be gonna happen ... even though he do not understand the plan , Roger help Peter toss thing into the barrow . 258 they race down the hardware aisle toss in tool and other supplies . Electrical cable , flashlight , battery . they scoop thing up like contestant on a game - show who have five minute in a store to grab whatever they can . 259 Stephen be in the maintenance office . he examine the map and electrical equipment , then rummages through a desk . 260 at the open end of the corridor lead to the second storey balcony , Zomby wander past as they head for the store entrance where many creature still claw at the roll gate . 261 the Zomby move randomly . some be leave the gate as they prey be now out of sight . they begin to wander here and there . 262 Three of the creature turn into the administrative corridor and start toward the office . 263 Stephen have find a large binder in the desk . it contain all the plan for the mall , duplicate the chart on the wall and many other . it be a complete maintenance manual revealing all the working and layout of the huge structure . 264 Elevator door slide open with a loud whoosh . the two trooper appear in the car , wheeling they barrow out onto the second storey aisle of the big store . 265 now , they can see the roll gate and the creature push at it ineffectively . they roll they barrow very close to the gate . when the Zomby catch sight of the human , they effort be renew . they moan and push harder at the gate . 266 they trooper leave the barrow , disappear back to the aisle . they run onto the interior escalator , bound down faster than the move step , then they run across the first floor until they see the lower level - roll gate . 267 there be creature wander the concourse , but none of they be at the gate . Peter : let' go brother ... the old okey doke ! the man move up to the roll gate . a Zombie lumber past . Roger speak to the creature . Roger : hey , ugly ! the creature turn instantly . registers . then dive for the gate with a moan roar . its mouth open and its hand clutch . the gate pop forward from the creature 's thrust , but it hold tightly . the action cause Roger to jump even though there be no immediate danger . Peter : let' raise some hell ... hey ... hey ... ( he be shouting ) Roger : over here ... let' go over here ... 268 other creature along the concourse turn toward the Department store . they lumber along attract by the sound . 269 at the gate , several Zomby push at the metal grid . the trooper back away , but stay in sight of the creature . Peter : just give it time ... give it time . 270 upstair , the Zomby at the upper gate be attract by the commotion below . they begin to move away from the gate and lumber along the balcony to the stairway and escalator . 271 in the maintenance office , Stephen still rummages . he find a load hand gun and stuff it in he belt . he move to the large cabinet contain the walkie talky and the key . 272 in the corridor , the stray Zomby move in and out of the executive office as they draw nearer to the maintenance room . 273 several creature fall over one another as they try to move down the up escalator . the down escalator push other onto the first floor . they scramble to they foot and move toward the Department store . 274 in the concourse , many creature be move toward the gate . already there be a dozen or so clutching and push at the metal grid . through the crowd . Peter can see several other creature lumber down the stationary step . 275 Peter : ok ... they ' re comin '... the big man ready he walkie talkie , pull the antenna out . Peter : go on up ... stay outta sight but lemme know when its clear enough . Roger , clutching he walkie talkie , disappear among the aisle as he run , crouching , into the store . Peter try to hold the attention of the creature at the gate . Peter : right here , baby ... this be where it be at ... you dumb ass sucker ... you dumb ... you be dumb ! 276 upstair , the door to the elevator glide open again and Roger move through the second floor aisle stealthily . 277 Stephen take the maintenance manual and leave the office . he walk down the interior corridor and open the door to the exterior corridor . as the door open , the Zomby attack . the Zomby clutch as Stephen try to close the door on Zombie 13's arm . Stephen then run back down the interior corridor . 278 Stephen start up the firestair to the door . just then he hear Fran call out . realising he will lead the creature to she , he close the door and move toward the maintenance office and run in . 279 Stephen run into the office and slam the door . 280 a second creature be move up behind the first , and another enter the corridor from the accounting office . 281 the metal door lock only with a key . Stephen fumble for a moment with he rifle , then dive for the key cabinet . there be hundred of key on ring . he look at the wall map . he can not focus in he panic . 282 in the hall , the first creature slam against the floor . it do not even have the intelligence to reach for the knob . it pound on the door with its hand . 283 the pound increase Stephen 's panic . he stare at the map try to focus on the maze of number . 284 the second creature reach the door and claw at it . the third approach slowly . 285 Stephen rattles among the key . his finger shake and he cannot decipher the number . 286 outside , one of the creature , in its random clutching , take hold of the knob and push in and out , not yet turn it . 287 Stephen , clutching one of the ring , throw himself against the door , still try to read the number . the knob finally turn . the door open against Stephen 's weight . he manage to slam it shut despite the push creature . he throw the key ring down and grab he gun . 288 Roger speak into he walkie talkie : Roger : I think we can move the wagon . 289 Peter , downstairs , talk into he unit : Peter : clear ? Roger : ( over talk unit ) not altogether , but they 're spread out pretty good ... enough to move the wagon . the creature slam against the first floor gate , but it hold securely . Peter stare at the beast as he lower he talk unit . he back slowly away into the depth of the store . 290 upstair , Roger peer from behind a counter . 291 the second floor gate be clear . 292 on the balcony , several creature wander aimlessly , but most of they have already move down the step and escalator . 293 Peter be still in sight of the Zomby at the first floor entrance . he clip he talk unit onto he belt , then duck and disappear among the aisle . 294 he run , crouching out of sight , until he round a far wall and come up into the elevator . 295 he enter the car and push " 2 " . the door glide shut and the car begin to move up . 296 at the door of the maintenance Office , the knob turn again . the door push open against Stephen weight . his foot slide on the linoleum floor . he can not get the door close this time . bite he lip , he make the sign of the cross , and back suddenly into the room hold he rifle high . the door fly open with a slam , and three Zomby advance into the office . Stephen try to aim carefully , and he fire . 297 just as the elevator door open . Peter hear the gunfire . he hesitates for a moment , then run toward the entrance arch . 298 Roger be poise at one of the side lock on the gate . the gunfire stop he also as he be unlock the mechanism . 299 along the balcony , some of the creature turn around in con - fusion . they walk this way and that , attract by the sound . 300 Peter thunder up behind Roger . Peter : what the hell be that ? Roger : fuzz maybe ? Peter : or maybe flyboy . where' it comin ' from ? Roger : can't tell . Peter : come on . OPEN up . Roger : maybe we should see what' happenin '... Peter : OPEN up . I can get the wagon over . if it be flyboy , let' get he on our side . Roger move to the second lock . more gunfire . Peter : ( set he weapon on the floor ) you just cover I good , you hear ? Roger move to the third lock as Peter stand and grab on to the handle of the barrow . 301 the body of a dead Zombie hit the floor , its head shot through . nearby lie the corpse of the first creature to break into the maintenance Office . the third stagger into the room . Stephen stand fast now . he hold he rifle out in front of he . the creature walk toward the gun . Steve hold he hand on the trigger . the Zombie lunge suddenly , and grab the gun barrel . Steve fire , but the blast tear through the creature 's chest . Steve struggle to raise the barrel but the motion of the Zombie make it impossible to aim accurately . the gun fire again , this time graze the Zombie 's neck . with a sudden burst of energy the creature wrench the gun free . Steve back against the wall . the creature toss the rifle across the room where it slam the floor near a desk . the Zombie advance on Steve . Steve be next to the key cabinet and grab at it , try to find some weapon . he feel the tool in the cabinet and come up with a hammer . the Zombie be about to reach he when Steve pull the hammer out and upset the cabinet . the Zombie fumble with the cabinet at its foot , but do not fall . Steve try to hit the creature 's head with the tool , he miss and the Zombie grab at he arm , try to bite it . Steve wrench free and the two body fall to the floor . the creature clutches at the man 's leg , it 's tooth bare like a animal . Steve kick desperately and manage to land a blow squarely in the creature face . the Zombie come after he again and from he crawl position , Steve bring the hammer as a uppercut to the creature 's jaw . the creature fall back enough for Steve to crawl across the floor . it follow , but Steve reach the desk and grab he rifle . Rolling on the floor , he fire several shot into the creature , finally destroy it . 302 the second floor gate roll up with a rumble and Peter run out of the Department store with the barrow full of supplies . 303 the action attract the attention of several of the creature which be still wander the balcony . they turn slowly . 304 just as he round the corner . Peter almost collide with one creature , and can barely keep from upsetting the barrow . he manage to get past , and he run as fast as he can toward the open of the administrative corridor . 305 Roger do not let the gate roll up too high . he stabilise the metal grid well within reach , then he stand he post with Peter 's rifle . several creature approach from the opposite direction . Roger fire at the close one . it fall . the other be still too far away to waste bullet . 306 Stephen step over the corpse in the office and grab the maintenance manual . he rush into the corridor and run out . 307 Three more creature move toward he up the hallway . 308 at first Stephen freeze , then he start back toward the firestair , he rifle poise . 309 just as Peter be reach the mouth of the corridor , a Zombie step out of the hallway into he path . Peter slam the barrow squarely into the creature 's leg . the Zombie fall in the barrow onto the supplies . the big man slam the load against a wall at the mouth of the corridor . before the Zombie can get its balance , the big trooper reach down and grab the creature 's jacket lapel . with all he might he fling the creature out against the balcony railing . the creature flip over the rail , but do not fall . its arm and leg flail as Peter come up quickly behind and flip it over the rail . the creature make no sound as it plummet to the concourse below . 310 Roger fire again at a Zombie draw dangerously near . other creature throughout the area be again converge on the Department store entrance . 311 Peter wheel the barrow into the corridor and see Steve at the other end , the three Zomby be still close in . Peter : hold it flyboy!312 Steve freeze . he can barely see Peter , he vision block by the Zomby . the creature be about thirty foot away .313 Peter : don't go into the stairway !314 Stephen be confuse . the creature advance .315 Peter : don't OPEN that door , baby . you will lead ' em right up with you . 316 Steve be on the verge of panic . Peter : run for it . run this way . the Zomby be draw closer and closer .317 Peter : come on , man . run this way . you can run right through ' em . we gotta lead ' em away from here ! 318 Steve size up the corridor . it be narrow , but there be room to run past the Zomby . 319 Peter : come on , flyboy . you can make it . come on ! 320 with a sudden move , Steve break into a run . he pass the first creature easily . the second grab he as he run past , but the man keep he foot even though he slam against the wall . he keep move forward . the third creature stand in he path . Steve lower he head and slam into the Zombie 's chest . the creature fly back and fall . Steve fall and tumble toward the mouth of the passageway . he regains he foot as the creature turn to pursue he , he run to the end of the hall where Peter wait . Peter : now ... head for the department store ... go!321 the two man run across the balcony . they slam into two other Zomby which clutch and grab at they without success . 322 at the entrance arch to the store , Roger fire at another creature . it fall . other Zomby be approach , but Steve and Peter dive into the arch and the three man manage to lower the gate without a problem . the Zomby converge on the area as they do before , clutching and push at the metal cage , which hold they out securely . the man breathe heavily as they back away from the gate . Peter : downstair again ... same trick . 323 the man move through the aisle of the store and go crash down the escalator . 324 on the first floor they run toward the lower gate where they pull up wheeze with exhaustion . Steve : what do we do ... Roger : let ' em know we're here ... ( shouting ) whoooo hoooooo ... over here ... yeee haaaaaaaa . Steve start to laugh at the ludicrous situation . Peter smile at the young pilot . Peter : you did alright this time flyboy . how ' bout it ? Stephen laugh some more , nervously at first , then whole - heartedly . then he let out a loud : Steve : whooooooooooopeeeeeeeee ... he have join the cowboy . he be like a child , almost exultant with the joy of they victory ... the three man shout through the cage at the creature , which be already gather at the gate . 325 out on the concourse , a few Zomby wander aimlessly , but most be head for the commotion on the first floor arch . 326 on the upstairs balcony , Zomby again move toward the stationary step and the escalator . 327 the three creature in the administration corridor move toward the open mall . two walk out on the balcony , but the last one turn into a open office . then it stagger back out and head down the hall toward the firestair . 328 Fran can faintly hear the " whooping " of the man as she move toward the stairway door , which be still open .329 she step onto the landing and look down into the darkness . the shouting stop . desperate with fear , she move back to the storage room , then back onto the landing . now she fear turn into anger . Fran : shit ... she take a few step down the stair . stop . go back up . Fran : GOD dammit ! she start back down again . 330 in the corridor below , the creature walk into another office . then it move back into the hall . 331 the Zomby crash against the first floor gate . it hold . the man crouch in the shadow of the gate . Roger : we just gotta wait longer before we move . Peter : no . there's always a chance of some of they stayin ' up on the balcony . Roger : yeah , but we can handle that . we can break through . Peter : if any of they see or hear US , they will just follow US on up . it's no good . Roger : we can sure as hell out run ' em ... load up what we can and get outta here . Peter : i'm thinkin ' maybe we got a good thing goin ' here . maybe we shouldn 't be in such a hurry to leave . Roger : oh , man ... Peter : if we could get back up there without they catchin ' on , we could hole up for a while . at least long enough to catch a breath . check out the radio . see what' happenin '... Roger : man , I don't know ... Steve : there's some kind of passageway over the top of the store . the trooper look at the young pilot , almost surprised to hear he speak . he have be quiet up until now . Steve : I don't know if it's just HEATING duct or if it's some kind of access . I saw it on a map . Peter : upstair . let' go . the three move off down the aisle , then duck out of sight around a corner . the Zomby clutch at the metal gate , moan and rattling the grid loudly . 332 in the maintenance hallway , we see the thick manual lie on the floor . a lumber foot kick it as the Zombie in the corridor wander into another office . the creature ignore the book , as it do the corpse strewn in the hall .333 in the fire stair , Fran be on the middle landing . she be suddenly overcome with a wave of nausea . she clutches at she stomach , retching . she sit on the landing , let she head flop against the wall . she be almost in tear .334 the upstairs door of the Department store elevator open and the man trot out . as they clear a wall , they see the entrance arch .335 there be no Zomby at the gate , but two be see drift along the balcony outside . 336 Peter : watch it ... don 't let ' em see you . the man move stealthily along the aisle . they look up at the ceiling and see a series of large grillwork panel . Peter shine he flashlight beam into one . 337 the ceiling be about twelve foot high , but the light beam penetrate the grille to reveal a fairly large space above . 338 Roger : look big enough to crawl through . Peter : they're locked . Roger : damn . that's that other lock number we saw on the chart . Steve : why the hell would they be locked ? Peter : jackpot , flyboy . you're right . Roger : what ? Peter : they 're locked because you can get through ' em easy from other part of the build . Steve : over here.339 Steve notice that one of the ceiling grid be very close to the elevator . Peter look at the grid , then down at the double door . Peter : the elevator shaft ! he move over and hit the button . the door open . Peter : hold ' em . Roger stand against the rubber safety bumper , hold the car door open wide . Peter step onto the hand railing and reach up for the escape hatch , which be hold in place by four knub - head bolt . he remove the bolt quickly and dislodge the hatch cover and pass it down to Stephen . then the big man stick he head up through the open .340 he look around the elevator shaft , shine he flash this way and that . he see another grid in the shaft wall . Peter : it's here ... and it ain't locked . get a screw - driver and somethin ' to stand on for in here . 341 Roger : I know where the tool be . get one of that table . Roger duck off down a aisle and Steve move to the nearby furniture department and grab a lightweight lamp table . the elevator door close . when Steve return with the table he have to hit the button again . the door open . Peter be already climb out of the car into the shaft . Steve use the table to hold the door open and go to get another . this time he get a larger coffee table and set it under the open in the car and put the smaller table on top . he climb up and stick he head out into the shaft . the door close again .342 in the greasy black shaft , amid the cable and elevator mechanism . Peter examine the wall grid with he flashlight . Peter : it's alright ... we can get it off . you found it flyboy . even though he speak softly , Peter 's voice have a eerie , echoing sound in the narrow shaft . 343 the car door open . Steve duck down to see Roger bear a screwdriver and plier along with some other tool in a shopping bag . Roger : one -stop shopping ... anything you need right at you fingertip .344 Steve relay the tool up to Peter , who immediately begin to work on the screw which mount the grid . he pass the flashlight to Steve who hold the beam on the work area .345 Fran sit in the stairwell , she hand over she mouth . it be very quiet for a moment , then she hear a slight click . her head snap to attention . she stare down at the bottom landing . there be a thump at the door . slowly the woman stand to she foot , she eye transfix on the door below . Fran : stephen ! the door start to open . Light creep in . the slow , lumber figure of the Zombie move into the firestair . choke back a scream , Fran turn and run up the stair . the creature below follow , unsure of itself in the dim light . 346 at the top , Fran make it into the storage area and slam the door . for a moment , she just back away in terror . then she gather she wit and move to drag the food carton over as a barricade . she struggle with one of the carton . it be very heavy and so large she cannot get a good grip . the smooth cardboard slip in she hand .347 the Zombie have almost reach the middle landing . 348 Roger look down through a ceiling grid . he see the interior of a sport goods store . along one wall be a arsenal of the latest weaponry for the sportsman .349 Roger : sweet jesus ! Peter : I see it . come on ! the man be in a large ductwork which seem to run along the entire length of the mall . they move as quietly as they can . there be several side tunnel branching off in both direction . 350 Steve pass another ceiling grid and look down . he see a full equip radio and electronics shop . Roger : I hope you know where you're goin ' , buddy . Peter : ( who be lead ) this be it . come on . 351 Fran struggle with the carton . she get it against the door finally and move to haul another . 352 the Zombie have reach the top landing and make for the door . 353 before the woman can bring another carton over , she see the door move . she throw herself against it , but can not plant she foot well because of the carton of the floor . the door move a inch at a time . the creature 's hand reach into the room . it clutches at the edge of the door . 354 Fran panic and run back towards the escape pyramid , where she turn and face the door . 355 the creature be strain against the weight of the carton . now , now both its hand clutch the door edge . the carton move another inch ... and another . now , the creature 's head can be see as it strain to get through the widen space . 356 Fran 's eye be wide , almost hypnotise . she look for something to use as a weapon . the room be bare but for the carton and water drum . she be about to opt for the skylight , when she glimpsis Roger 's knap - sack in the shadow . she run for it as the creature finally break into the big room . 357 the woman 's hand tremble as she rummages through the cloth sack . nothing appropriate . she dump the content out : ammunition , mace can , battery , flare ... flare ! she nervously grab one of the cylinder and she shaking hand try to deal with the paper wrapping . 358 the Zombie moan as it draw closer . it be approach the pyramid of carton . 359 Fran manage to free the wrapping , and snap the cylinder in two at the mark . 360 now the Zombie be between she and the pyramid , cut off she immediate route . it be very near . Fran back away a few step as she try to strike the flare head on the small striker on the cylinder cap . it do not fire ... she try again ... and again . now , the Zombie have reach the knap-sack . it kick through the item and knock and roll the other flare . Fran 's flare finally catch with a great whoosh , the bright flame startling the woman as well as the Zombie . the creature 's eye go wide and it bring its arm up to avoid the brightness . the intense white flame cast a eerie light over the creature and throw the Zombie 's enormous shadow against the carton and wall . the creature back away a few step almost trip over the article on the floor . Fran manage to advance close enough to snatch two extra cylinder and skirt around the Zombie in a wide arc . the creature swat the air , keep distance , but threaten . Fran consider the firestair door , but decide on the pyramid . she circle around to a point where she can climb up from behind the moan Zombie . she rush for the carton and climb , but lose she foot while try to hold the flare and crash into the topmost carton . it start to slide off the pyramid and tumble to the floor almost crash into the Zombie . the creature start to clutch at the pyramid . the stack of carton be now too short and Fran can reach the skylight but can not pull herself up . she accidentally drop two flare , include the light one . it tumble to the floor behind the pyramid where it no longer offend the Zombie 's eye 's . now the creature try to climb to the woman . Fran grab the last flare in she mouth and reach with both hand for the skylight . she lift with all she might and she foot come off the carton but she can not pull herself up . as she try to lower she foot back to the carton , the pyramid shake and wobble from the Zombie . the creature be make progress ; its hand can almost touch Fran 's foot . 361 Peter drop out of a ceiling grid into a plush office . Roger 's leg appear through the grid and he too swing down , hold on with he hand to soften he landing . suddenly , we be aware of a third person on the room in the large chair at the desk . Roger startles and grab he gun . Peter just stare . they be in the President 's office . some day earlier , the President , shot himself in the head . Peter : come on ... Steve struggle overhead . Peter : just drop , I got you ... Steve : I can 't...i ... Peter : ( to Roger ) the desk ... gimme a hand . the two trooper grab the desk and slide it away from the President 's corpse . the action cause the chair to spin slightly and he wide terrify eye seem to watch the action . the desk in place . Steve 's toe can reach its surface . he lose he balance slightly and pull back up . he kick a picture frame off the desk onto the floor , shatter the glass over photo of the President 's wife and child . Peter : come on ! Steve finally get foot on the desktop and lower himself down . he stare at the corpse as Roger help he off the desk . 362 Peter be already unlock the door to the corridor . he open it a crack and peek out . 363 the corridor be empty . he see the door at the end which lead to the exterior corridor . 364 as the other man come up behind , Peter open the door quietly and slip into the hall . he start to walk quickly toward the door to the exterior corridor . Roger follow as Stephen move backwards toward the fire stair . 365 Peter 's hand grab the barrow and pull the cart down the corridor backwards so as to face the mall open . 366 in the corridor , Steve clutches the maintenance manual . Peter back slowly up the hall . the wheel squeak and the big man bite he lip . Roger kick the last corpse to the wall . Steve notice that the fire stair door be open wide . Steve : jesus christ ! he bound towards the door . Roger spin to see what happen . Peter turn and quicken he pace . Steve trot up the step . Roger : ( to Peter ) come on ... you got it . Peter run with the cart the last few yard . as he get to the doorway , Roger break up the step . 368 Steve break into the storage area ... he drop the manual ... Steve : frannie ! 369 the woman turn in Steve 's direction . the Zombie swat the flare out of Fran 's hand . she startles and the carton feel as though they will topple . she steady herself with both hand . the creature be grab at she leg . she kick . 370 Steve raise he rifle and move in for a close shot . Roger : don't shoot ... they will hear ya ... Roger arrive and the two man charge the pyramid . 371 the creature be still clutching at Fran . she kick violently as Roger pull the back of the Zombie 's clothing . the Zombie fall and hit the floor . as it kneel up , Steve swing the butt of he rifle and smashes it into the thing 's head . then Roger deliver a blow with he gun , straight down . 372 Steve rush to Fran . she fall off the carton into he arm sobbing and choke . Steve : frannie ... be you alright ? you ok , frannie ? hey ... the woman be incoherent . she be clutching at she stomach . 373 Peter appear in the doorway carry the tv and several other item . he dump they on the floor . Peter : let' get this STUFF up , come on . 374 Roger be drag the dead Zombie to the door . Peter come to help and Fran start to wretch . Steve try to calm she . he get some water in a can and bring it over . Steve : frannie ... it's ok ... come on , it's ok ... be you hurt , hun ? did ya hurt yourself ? frannie ... 375 downstair , at the exterior corridor , Peter peek out . he can see the mall at the far end . the coast be clear . he and Roger hurriedly carry the corpse into the hall and roll it onto the floor and retreat back into the fire stair . Peter hold open the door slightly and watch the corridor for a moment . convince they have not be see , he close the door . 376 Peter : I think we're ok , brother . they grab more supplies from the barrow and start upstairs . 377 Steve still try to comfort Fran . Steve : we're ok ... we're all ok ... we got a lot of STUFF ... all kind of STUFF ... in the background the two trooper bring they load of supplies into the big room and deposit they near the tv . then they go downstairs for another load . Steve : this be a terrific place ... frannie . this place be perfect . we got it made in here ... frannie . the woman still can not stop sobbing and retching . 378 now , the enormous barricade of food carton be stack against the door again . it be quiet except for the little noise of eat and occasional rustle of paper . we also head a faint electronic whistle , but we do not recognise it . as we see more of the room , we find we refugee sit near the reconstruct pyramid on the floor . Peter seem to be asleep up against the pyramid . Roger be nibble at delicacy from the Department store 's gourmet department . they " loot " be laid around they on the floor . Roger , as he eat , be leaf through the maintenance manual . there be a stack of tool , some still in wrapping ; electric razor , still box ; some clothing article ; the radio , which also play small cassettes . there be soap , toiletry , pen , pencil , and notebook , flashlight , cigarettes and several deck of card with a canister of chip . the item be clearly not all functional . some be representative of the luxury consider necessary by a consumer society . they be all bath in the blue glow from the television which Stephen try to tune in . its power cable be splice into the lead of a bare light fixture overhead . Fran can not be see at first . Roger : what the hell time be it , anyway ? Steve : only about nine . Roger : and nothing ? ( refer to the tv ) on the screen we see the Civil Defence logo , and realise that the high pitch electronic signal be come from the tv set . Steve : as long as we're getting the pattern , that means they 're sending . Roger snap on the large , battery power radio . he roll the dial get nothing but static . finally , he hear a signal and tune it in . a badly modulate voice be dron through the interference . it sound like a war correspondent send a signal from very far away . Radio : ... report that communications with detroit have be knocked out along with atlanta , boston and certain section of philadelphia and new york CITY ... Roger : PHILLY ... Steve : I know j.a.s be out by now ... it be a madhouse back there ... people be crazy ... if they'd just organise ... it's total confusion ... I don't believe it's gotten this bad . I don't believe they can't handle it . look at US . loot at what we be able to do today . 379 Peter 's eye suddenly blink open . none of the rest of he body move , the other do not realise he be awake . the big man stare at Stephen , who be get emotionally excited about they exploit as a team . Steve : we knocked the shit out of ' em and they never touched US ... not really . Peter : they touched US good , flyboy . we're lucky to get out with our asse . you don't forget that ! 380 the other man look at Peter . the radio drone on with more disaster report . Peter : you get overconfident ... underestimate that sucker ... and you get eaten ! how you like that ? Peter speak in a low , unemotional tone . Stephen be transfix . Peter : they got a big advantage over US brother . they don't think . they just blind - ass do what they got to do . no emotion . and that bunch out there ? that's just a handful and every day there'll be more . a couple hundre thousand people die each day from natural cause . that prob 'ly triples or better with folk knockin ' each other off the way it's goin ' . now say each one of they come back and kill two , and each one of they two more ... you know about the emperor' reward ? 381 we see Fran 's face . she be listen . there be no answer audible . a tear roll down the woman 's cheek . the radio drone . after a time , Steve appear . he be surprised to find the woman awake . she sit on a new blanket from the store . another be roll up as a pillow . she wipe away she tear with she cigarette still in she hand . Steve : hey ... you ok ? the man kneel next to she , not know what to say . Stephen sit down next to she and put he hand on she shoulder . Fran : so I guess we forget about CANADA , right ? Steve : ( take she in he arm ) jesus , frannie , this set up be sensational . we got everything we need . we seal off that stairway ... nobody will ever know we're up here . we'd never find anything like this ... Fran : I guess nobody care about my vote , huh ? Steve : come on , frannie , you be sleeping . Fran : what happened to growing vegetable and fishing ? what happened to the idea about the wilderness ... hundred of mile from anything and anybody ... steve , i'm afraid . you 're hypnotised by this place . all of you . it be all so bright and neatly wrapped that you don't see ... you don't see that it can be a prison . she lean in to he , make a final plea . Fran : stephen , let' just take what we need and keep go . Steve : we can't hardly carry anything in that little bird . Fran : ( angry ) whay do you want ? a new set of furniture ? a freezer ? a console tv and a stereo ? we can take what we need . what we need to survive . 382 cut to a close up of Peter 's face . his eye pop open . Peter : shut that thing off ! Roger click off the radio . they listen . they hear slight sound come from the fire stair . the end of the room with the barricade of carton look surreal in the blue glow of the tv screen which still shine . Roger crawl over and click the tv off as well . the electronic whistle slowly die . silence . Steve step out from behind the wall of carton . Fran peer around the corner to look , but she still sit on the floor . another noise . the faint squeaking of the door to the bottom of the step . then footstep on the metal stair . slow ... lumber . the face of the human all tighten . Peter and Roger pull they rifle . Roger make he ready . some thumping in the hall . Steve squat down and hold Fran . the sound be closer now . the door behind the carton click but do not move . more pound ... then silence . after a time , the footstep recede down the stair . Peter : somebody better sit watch all the time . Roger : they'll never get through there . Peter : enough of ' em will . and it ain't just they thing we got to worry about . that chopper up there could give US away if somebody come mess ' around . Roger : what be they gonna do ? land another pilot to fly it out . they 're not gonna mess with a little bird like that . they got enough on there hand . you know back in PHILLY we found a boat in the middle of independence square . somebody tryin ' to carry it to the river , I guess . didn 't make it . damn thing sat there for EIGHT day . Peter : somebody finally got it , though . it come down to how much its worth . 383 Fran duck back onto she blanket . she disgustedly light another cigarette . Steve sit next to she again . Steve : frannie ... she do not respond . Steve : dammit , fran , you know how many time we'd have to land for fuel tryin ' to make it up NORTH ? that thing be out there everywhere . and the authorities would give US just as hard a time ... maybe worse ... we're in good shape here , frannie . we got everything we need right here ! Stephen curl up with he head on the roll blanket . Steve : come on ... get some sleep . the woman do not move . Steve : frannie . come on . she grind she cigarette out on the concrete floor and stretch out next to the man . he put he arm around she . his hand rub up and down she body as he curl next to she . he open she blouse and reach inside . he close he eye and he seem perfectly comfortable to rest in she softness . his hand move under she clothing . she do not respond , at first , then she body relax somewhat and she bring one of she arm up around he head . Steve : i'm not just be stubborn . I really think this be better . hell . you 're the onex be wantin ' to set up house . she stare off across the barren room . his hand continue to move under she blouse . 384 in the administration corridor , a few stray Zomby wander among the corpse on the floor . one large and severely wounded creature pound on the door to the interior corridor . it have be the one which be pound at the door upstairs . a female Zombie squat near one of the corpse in the hall . she lift its arm and move it to she mouth , but she drop it quickly , repell by its coldness . she lean over and pick at another corpse , then she stand and drift towards the mall . slowly the creature leave the corridor and move out onto the second floor balcony . we begin to hear a voice fade in over the scene . Voice : ... not actually cannibalism ... cannibalism in the true sense of the word , implies a intraspecie activity ... these creature cannot be considered human.. they prey on human ... they do not prey on each other . 385 we see the mall balcony now . Zomby wander past the store . some move down the stationary stair onto the main concourse . below . Voice : they attack and ... and feed ... only on warm human flesh ... 386 at the mall entrance , some creature drift out into the night . other still enter the enormous building . there be not as many as there be in the afternoon , but there be certainly enough to be threaten . Voice : intelligence ? seemingly little or no reasoning power . what BASIC skill remain be more remembered behaviours from ... from normal life . 387 several creature be claw at the roll gate to the department store . it be a strange and eerie sight . the stare , paint eye of the mannequin within the store seem to watch the Zomby . the gate rattles but do not budge . Voice : there be report of the creature using tool , but even these action be the most primitive ... the use of external article as bludgeons etc . , even animal will adopt the BASIC use of tool in this manner . 388 Fran 's eye pop open the voice have awaken she . she have be asleep on the blanket . Voice : these creature be nothing but pure , motorised instinct ... the woman look around . Morning sunlight be spilling in through the skylight above . she sit up and peer into the next area of the room . the man be go . the television be play . on the tube we see a dishevel man sit in a emergency news room read the report . 389 Voice : there only drive be for the food which sustains they . we must not be lull by the concept that these be our family member or our friend . they will not respond to such emotion . they must be destroyed on sight .... 390 Fran see that the barricade of carton be still in place at the fire stair door . she look up . the skylight above the pyramid be open . she realise that the man be on the roof . 391 at the edge of the roof , Peter look through binocular . 392 about a quarter of a mile away , he see the large warehouse of a food processing chain . in the yard and in the large open garage of the building , he see a fleet on enormous trailer - truck park . 393 Steve : you sure we can start ' em . Roger : you haven't spent enough time on the STREET . Peter : well let' get it up . there's not too many of ' em around yet this mornin ' . the big trooper look down to the parking lot below . 394 there be not as many Zomby as there be the day before , and they wander aimlessly , spread out rather than in cluster . 395 the man move for the skylight . 396 in the storage area below , Fran be examine the map in the manual . the tv still drone in a low volume . the man climb down into the room . Roger : hey , fran ... Fran : I would have made coffee and breakfast , but I don't have my pot and pan . there be a bitterness in she voice . Roger laugh . Steve sense the tension . Peter just strap on he equipment . Fran : can I say something ? Steve : sure . what dp you mean ? Fran : i'm sorry you found out i'm pregnant , because I don't want any of you to treat I differently than you'd treat another guy . Steve : hey , frannie , come on ... Fran : and , ... I 'm not gonna be den mother for you guy . they all look at she , attentive now . Fran : and I want to know what' go on . and I want something to say about the plan . there's four of US , ok ? Steve : jesus , fran ... Peter : fair enough ! Fran : now . what' goin ' on ? Peter : we're goin ' out . Fran start to say something , but this time Peter cut she off . Peter : ... and you be not coming with US ! again the woman start to protest , but Peter continue . Peter : and you will not come with US until you can handle yourself . that means learn to shoot and learn to fight . the big man start back up the pyramid . Roger move to follow he . Fran : something else . the man look at she . she face Roger and Peter directly without look at Stephen . Fran : I don't know anout you two , but I wanna learn how to fly that helicopter . Stephen be shocked . Fran look at he and lower she eye . Fran : if anything happens ... we've gotta be able to get out of here . Stephen do not know what to say . he look at the woman , then up at the other man . Peter : she' right , flyboy . come on , let' go . Fran : and you 're not leaving I without a gun again . Stephen think about protest but he comply by slowly set he rifle down on the carton . then he fish in he pocket for a fistful of shell and dump they next to the gun . he stare at the woman angry and hurt . Fran pick up the weapon and shoot a glance up at Peter . Fran : I just might be able to figure out how to use it . Peter and Roger disappear through the skylight . Stephen stand still . he look down at the floor . Fran move close to he side . Fran : i'm sorry , stephen . ( it be not a apology ) Steve : I know ... I know ... it's alright ! he start up to the skylight . Fran : stephen Steve : yeah . he stop and turn to look at she . her eye be plead for understanding , but he be incapable of it at the moment . Fran just shrug off whatever she be go to say , and she sigh with exasperation . Fran : be careful . Steve : yeah , we'll be alright . he disappear through the skylight . Fran stare down at the weapon in she hand , then she step over and click off the television . 397 the sudden , loud noise of the chopper engine as it hover . only Stephen be on board at the control . 398 in the cab of one of the big trailer truck Roger be crouching work on the wiring beneath the dashboard . 399 Peter sit on the cab of another truck . he try the complicated shift mechanism and fidget with the other control . then he pull out . he stop the big vehicle with he cab just abreast of the cab Roger be work in . Peter : how about it ? Roger : gettin ' it . 400 Peter look around . the mall can be see in the distance . on the ground between , there be a few Zomby scattered about in little cluster . none of they present any immanent danger . 401 Roger sit up and be able to start he truck . Peter : i'll just ride pick up , I 'm not too sure of this thing ... Roger : I grew up on one of these , let' go . 402 the great truck lumber away from the warehouse . they pull across the little load lot and out a ramp toward the roadway . Stephen hover overhead in the chopper , follow the truck as closely as he can . 403 on the roof of the mall , Fran clutches she rifle . she see the big truck roar up over the hill , the helicopter just above they . it be a strange look convoy as it speed toward the truck as closely as it can . 404 along the road , several Zomby try to stagger after the truck but they be leave in the dust of the speed vehicle . the creature lumber along slowly behind . 405 the vehicle pull into the little grade which load into the mall 's parking lot . they roar right toward the building . 406 at one of the building entrance , a cluster of Zomby be move in and lot of the main door . other wander nearby in the parking lot . attract by the sound of the engine , the creature turn and face the truck . as Peter pull he vehicle in a wide arc , Roger drive he right up to the side of the building and roar toward the entrance door . then he skip he right wheel up onto the curb , and with a great , scraping crunch , the big truck pull directly abreast of the building , flush with the entrance . the huge vehicle crush several of the helpless creature and knock other fly back . 407 the trailer of the truck have totally block off the mall entrance . several Zomby trap inside try to push the glass door open . the door move , but cannot be open wide enough for the creature to get out . 408 the few creature immediately around the truck begin clamber at its side . Roger shut off the engine and grab he gun as other Zomby begin clutching at the window of the cab . 409 overhead , the whirlybird hover very close by . now Peter 's big truck pull up alongside so that Peter 's passenger door be directly abreast of the free door on Roger 's cab . Peter 's truck also crush one or two of the creature , but there be still several in the immediate vicinity of the cab . 410 as Roger open he door and scramble into the other truck , one of the Zomby grab hold . Roger just manage to kick the creature off as the big truck pull out and roar across the lot . 411 the helicopter fly straight up and directly over the roof of the big shopping centre , where Fran have be watch the action . she now run to the other side of the roof , the wind from the chopper whipping she hair . 412 the chopper turn and wait for the big truck to move up under it , then the whirlybird escort the trailer back to the warehouse down the road . 413 Roger be whooping and holler like a cowboy as the big rig pull up beside another of the park van . Peter : come on , come on ... three more baby . Roger : like a charm , huh ? like a fucking charm ! Roger grab he knapsack and climb into the new cab where he immediately go to work on jump the engine cable . 414 from the helicopter overhead , Stephen spot something move around the warehouse . he jockey the chopper slightly for a better look and he see a small group of Zomby wander out of the big garage directly toward Roger 's truck . 415 in the meantime , Peter 's truck pull away from the cab Roger be in . the big vehicle roll into the large paved area behind the warehouse where Peter can turn it around easily . 416 Stephen swoops down with the big bird . he buzze as close as he can to Roger 's truck , try to signal the man . 417 Roger continue to work on the cable , still whooping like a child . the Zomby be very close at hand . they have just about reach the cab . Stephen buzze again . Roger do not notice . 418 Peter have now back up into a position which enable he to pull out . he look up to see the helicopter head straight for he . 419 the big chopper buzze right over Peter 's cab then spin around head back for Roger . 420 Peter look toward the other truck . he can now see the lumber creature . he try to slam the truck into gear , but the complicated shift mechanism fight he . 421 one Zombie slam its hand against the driver - side window of Roger 's truck . the man startles and try to untangle himself from he cramped position under the big steering wheel . he be stick for a moment . the other creature appear at the passenger side of the cab , where the door be open . one grab at Roger 's leg . Roger kick violently , but can not get a good position . he fall lower onto the floor of the cab , he body almost knotted among the control and the shift stick . 422 Peter 's truck start to roll , but it accelerate slowly . 423 the helicopter try to buzz the clutching ghoul , but they do not even flinch . the wind from the propeller blade whip at the creature ' hair , make they look even more frightening as they claw at the desperate Roger . 424 the man kick and kick , but he cannot deliver a solid blow from he pin position . his hand grope on the seat of the truck for he rifle , which suddenly fire as the man 's finger inadvertently hit the trigger . a shell blast through the chest of the lead creature , but the thing pay little attention . 425 Peter 's truck be start to roll faster . he head right for Roger 's cab . 426 the helicopter hover as Stephen try to see the action . 427 now Roger have a good grip on he gun , but he cannot clear the long weapon from around the gear stick . the lead Zombie be actually scramble into the cab and be all but on top of the struggle trooper . 428 the second creature be about to claw its way in when , with a great roar , Peter 's truck swing up and crush it . 429 Roger be desperately try to keep the other Zombie 's mouth away . they be wrestle now . the Zombie be weak , as usual , but Roger be still hamper by the position he be in . 430 Peter have pull too far past the other truck . he slam he rig into reverse and back up . now he window be in a direct line with the open door on Roger 's cab . he raise he rifle and aim , but he can not get a clear shot . he shout loudly try to overcome the noise of the truck engine and the hover helicopter . Peter : get its head up ... get its head up ... 431 Roger realise that Peter be outside . he struggle with the creature , drop he gun . his hand manage to get a stranglehold on the creature 's neck . he push up with all he might . the Zombie 's hand be clutching at the man 's face . it 's finger push at the man 's eye . 432 Peter see the opportunity and fire . the gun roar loudly . 433 the Zombie 's head fly apart . remnant of blood and brain tissue splatter the inside of the cab and the driver 's window . the gummy stuff fly into Roger 's face . the Zombie fall limp , but Roger be still desperate . the dead weight of the creature be now on top of he , and the bloody wound run . Roger be frantic . he frees himself with great heave of he body and he push the creature out of the cab . the man 's eye be wide with revulsion . he instantly bring up he sleeve to wipe the stain from he face . he be quivering in extreme of emotion . a sudden crash . Roger spin . the Zombie at the driver door have smashed through the cab window with a brick . Roger , still shaking , dive down to the floor for he weapon . 434 Peter try to level off a shot but he cannot because Roger be in the way ... Peter : get down ... stay down ... I got it ! 435 Roger , in he adrenalise anger , sit up with he gun and level off on the creature himself . he fire . the shell crash through the already shattered glass and squarely into the creature head . Roger : you bastard ... you bastard ... it seem as though he mind be snap . his voice quiver as do he body . Roger : we got ' em , buddy ... we got ' em didn 't we ! 436 Peter : cool it , man ... get you head ... 437 Roger : we got this by the ass ... got this by the ass ! Roger be scream . he dive down to work on the jump again . 438 Peter : hey , rog ... get you head man ... come on ... we got a lot to do ... roger ... 439 there be no response from the other truck . Peter be about to open he door and step out when suddenly Roger sit up again . the engine of the truck roar . he seem to have calm down some . he look across at Peter . Roger : let' go baby ... number two ... Peter : you alright ? Roger : perfect , baby ... perfect ! Roger gun the engine on he truck . the big vehicle lumber out of the area . Peter follow suit . 440 the two semis rumble out of the warehouse lot and start down the grade toward the road . the helicopter escort they . 441 a few Zomby be walk up the road slowly . 442 Roger 's eye get wider with anger . he steer he big rig right for the creature . 443 the front of the cab smashes into two of they . one be crush under the wheel , the other fly back from the impact . 444 Fran watch with anxiety . she see the two truck pull up over the rise with the helicopter follow . we hear spirite music as the convoy approach the mall building . 445 the two truck roar around the entrance ramp into the parking lot and again , the chopper zoom right over the roof . 446 Fran trot across the roof to see the action in the lot . 447 the truck rumble toward the second set of door . the music continue through the entire action . 448 Roger steer he giant vehicle directly broadside to the door . the cab knock over several creature and scrape the building as the trailer block off the entrance . this time there be still creature alive in the immediate area . they clutch at the cab of the truck and leap at the door . 449 Fran , watch from directly above , seem inspire , catch up in the bravery of the moment . as she see the creature converge on the truck , she aim she rifle at they . before she fire , Peter 's rig slide next to Roger 's , cab abreast . 450 Peter 's truck knock over several of the clutching creature . one Zombie , catch directly under the front wheel , be still alive and clutching at the air . several creature jump at Peter 's driver side window . 451 Roger , grab he gun , move to leave he truck on Peter 's side , but the truck be too close . his door will not open enough to get out . he roll down he window . Peter have notice Roger 's door will not open , and the trooper fumble with the gear shift in order to pull away , but he hear Roger shouting : Roger : the window ... OPEN you window ... you window ... Peter dive across the cab and roll down the passenger window . Roger lean out he open window , try to get he weapon into fire position . one or two Zomby be squeezing through the narrow space between the truck . they be just about to reach Roger when he fire , kill the lead ghoul . more Zomby move around Roger 's cab , moment away from he . 452 the helicopter buzze the area as Stephen watch the Zomby converge on the cab . 453 Fran , she hair blow front he chopper , try to aim she rifle into the pack of creature . her hair cover she eye and she brushes it away with irritation . Fran : roger ... in front , roger ... in front , roger ... she shout over the engine noise , get very excited . 454 Roger fire again and again down the narrow space between the rig . another Zombie fall . Peter : for chrissake come on ! Roger be still emotionally craze . he lean out of he window in a very vulnerable position . he be whooping like a child again as he try to level off another shot . suddenly , he 's grab from behind by a Zombie and almost fall out the window . he struggle to hold himself and keep a grip on he gun . Peter lean over , try to get a shot at the creature , but can not get a clean sight . Roger grab the window frame on Peter 's door and try to pull himself up . another creature grab he from behind . 455 Fran watch with emotion in she eye . Fran : monster ! monster ! she fire she gun . 456 the bullet slam into the pavement kick up a cloud of smoke . it narrowly miss a creature . Fran fire again . her shot tear into the shoulder of the Zombie , but it do not stop he . 457 the chopper zoom very close . Peter still cannot aim he rifle , but Roger , use both hand , bring he gun butt in a uppercut . it slam against a creature which be grab he and drive the thing staggering back . then with a desperate drive motion , Roger climb through the window of Peter 's cab . 458 Peter pull the big rig away even while Roger 's leg still kick out the window . the Zomby grab at Roger 's ankle , and one manage to hold on as the truck start to move . 459 Fran fire again and again . 460 this shot rip into the Zombie hold Roger 's leg . it let go and fall , roll across the pavement . the woman fire again , hit the pavement . the creature struggle to its knee . she fire again and hit the creature 's neck . again . shoulder . again ...head . the Zombie sprawl on the pavement . Fran be exultant , she aim and fire at another creature . 461 the helicopter pass overhead . the music be still stir . 462 in Peter 's truck , just roll out the lot , Roger realise : Roger : jesus ! Peter : what ? Roger : my goddam bag ... I left my goddam bag in the other truck . Peter bring he vehicle to a screeching halt . Peter : alright , now you son of a bitch ! you better screw you fuckin ' head on , baby ! Roger : yeah , yeah ... I 'm o.k. let' go . suddenly , Peter grab the trooper by he lapel and slam he back against the door of the cab . Peter : I mean it ! now you 're not just playin ' with you life , you playin ' with mine ! the two man stare at each other for a moment . Roger be startle somewhat out of he emotional rush . Peter : ( softer ) alright , now be you straight ? Roger : yeah . Peter let he go and return to the wheel . he gun the engine and roar into a big arcing turn in the parking lot . 463 when Fran see the truck return , she look up from she gun sight . the helicopter have already fly over the roof , and Stephen be confuse as to why the truck have not appear on the road . Fran turn and try to signal to Stephen . 464 he finally see she and fly closer . the woman wave a signal and the chopper buzze back over the lot . 465 her hair blow wildly , Fran take up she post again , she rifle ready . she think a moment , then begin to reload the weapon pull the shell from she blouse pocket . 466 Peter 's truck zoom back into position , collide with some of Zomby in the vicinity . 467 Roger immediately climb through the window into the original cab . he snatch up he knapsack and several tool which be strewn over the seat and floor . again , creature converge on the cab area . two more come up between the truck , several come around the front of the cab . 468 Fran be still load . 469 the helicopter buzze . 470 as Roger climb back through the window , he pack accidentally fall to the ground . with reflex action , he drop between the cab , landing on he foot . he be face the two creature which be very close . he reach up and with on hand on each of the open window frame , he swing he leg up hard . his kick send the creature sprawling . then , he bend to collect he pack and be grab from behind . 471 Peter try to level off he gun but he can not get a shot . 472 neither can Fran who be shouting from the roof . 473 Roger keep he head this time . his first think be for the pack of tool . he toss the sack into the cab of Peter 's truck as though he be make a hook shot with a basketball . 474 Peter catch the pack as several of the tool clatter out and onto the floor of the cab . 475 the creature which have a hold on Roger take advantage of the man 's imbalance from throw the knapsack . it bite at the man 's arm . Roger tear away , but blood appear at the wound . then Roger square off a solid punch right to the Zombie 's jaw . the creature fly back and almost knock over the Zomby behind it . Roger jump , make a grab for the window of Peter 's cab . the Zomby between the truck , which Roger originally kick away , have regroupe . they advance and grab at the struggle trooper . Roger 's foot try to get hold on the side of the door , but they slip . 476 Peter move to drop he rifle and grab Roger 's hand , but Roger fall from the high window back to the pavement . Peter draw he hand gun . 477 Roger leap again , he hand catch the window frame . the Zomby be clutching at he . again he swing up he leg and kick the creature off balance . this time he manage to get he foot lock against the door and Peter grab the trooper arm with he free hand , but another Zombie be pull at the man 's shirt and still another make a grab for he leg . Peter reach out with he pistol and fire a point blank shot at one of the clutching ghoul . it fly back and Roger be able to pull himself higher . his torso be just about through the window when another creature grab he . 478 Peter can no longer get a shot as Roger fill the window , so the big man drop he pistol and pull Roger 's arm with all he might . 479 Roger be almost all the way in but he leg still dangle , kick . Peter start the truck . as it begin to roll away , one of the clutching Zomby be able to get a solid hold on Roger 's leave leg . the creature open its mouth and bite at the calf . blood appear . the creature bite again and this time it come away with bit of flesh tangle in a bloodstain strip op material from Roger 's trousers . 480 Roger scream in pain and kick violently . the truck accelerate and the Zombie finally fall clear . 481 it roll on the pavement for a little way before it stop . then it sit on the ground , look like a gorilla . it still have a bloody mass of flesh and material in its mouth . with its hand it try to separate the cloth from the more important morsel . a bullet ping into the cement near the chew Zombie . another tear through its shoulder . it still be concerned only with its prize . 482 Fran be fire , swear through she tooth as the gun roar . she finally hit the seat creature squarely in the head . 483 we see it fall from she point of view on the roof . other walk by the corpse without take notice . 484 the helicopter escort the big truck back to the warehouse . 485 as it rumble along , Roger , in extreme pain , be tie he belt tightly around he leg as a tourniquet . he suck air through he tooth in anguish . Peter : that's it . Roger : bull shit . Peter : we gotta deal with that leg ! Roger : i'm dealin ' with it ... i'm dealin ' with it fine ! I won 't be able to walk on this at all if we wait . Peter : can you walk on it now ? Roger : you damn right , I can ... damn right , I can ! the wounded trooper struggle to wrap the bloody part of he leg with a tear off piece of trouser . he can hardly keep from scream , and he word come out sharply and with great breath between they . Roger : I stop movin ' this leg ... may not ever get it goin ' again ... there's a lot to get do before ... before you can afford to lose I ... the big Black man stare at he friend for a moment . then he drive on to the warehouse escort by the chopper . 486 there be now a huge trailer truck at each of the four main entrance to the mall . they be very close to the door , if not completely flush . some of the glass portal can be open not slightly , but not enough for the Zomby inside to pass through . 487 in the parking lot , the creature mob around the truck , frustrated that they cannot pass into the building . they clutch and claw at the enormous vehicle but to no avail . some try to climb up onto the cab . other try to claw at the door on the trailer . 488 some creature be crawl under the rig : when they reach the mall door they can not stand , so they have no leverage . the creature inside be push the door out , so the Zomby under the truck can not push they in . the door swing both in and out , so it be very clear that some access could be have by the creature if they be more organised . one creature , have crawle under a trailer , do manage to push open a mall door . the thing crawl into the building through the leg of other ghoul which be try to exit . they behave as a swarm of insect . the revolve door offer the best access for the creature , although its inherent complexity be baffling to they empty brain . two creature do manage to crawl under the truck which block the revolve door , and one of they negotiate the rotate action and enter the concourse . 489 Peter and Stephen be huddle over the map of the building . they be back in the crawl space . the carton be still pile against the firestair entrance . Peter : it all depend on how many of they be still inside . that be a long haul between that entrance . Steve : well if we can get some more flare ... or maybe some of that propane job . Peter : the gun be first . gun and ammunition . 490 Roger moan with pain . nearby , Fran be apply a dress to he leg . the wound be wrap with several layer of cloth . the first aid kit be open on the floor . Peter crouch near he friend . he take over from Fran . he tie more strip tightly around the wound and around the upper thigh . Peter : you sure you gonna make it , buddy ? Roger : just hurry up with that ! 491 again , the military music . a tall figure drop out of a ceiling grid and land on the floor of the sport goods store . it be Peter . his rifle be sling and there be a empty pack on he back . several of the maintenance room key ring be strapped into he belt . 492 suddenly a Zombie charge across the room . the gate to the mall balcony be open on this store . another creature , attract by the commotion , start through the open entrance arch . 493 Stephen be start down through the ceiling grid . he also have equipment strapped onto he body . he see the charge creature . Peter be try to unsling he rifle . Stephen conquer he fear of the height , and let himself fall to the floor . he crumple up when he hit , and roll into a store exhibit , knock thing fly . Peter manage to level off he gun and shoot the rush creature . Stephen regains he foot . the second creature be move up the aisle . Stephen grab a powerful crossbow from a nearby exhibit . it be load . it fire with a strumm sound and the small shaft rip cleanly through the creature 's skull and imbed itself in a wall beyond . the Zombie walk forward a few step before it fall . 494 the man run toward the entrance arch . leap up on a adjacent counter top , Peter manage to reach the lip of the roll gate and he swing it down fast . Stephen catch the cage below and slam it into place just as another ghoul fall against it moan and claw . Stephen unsling he gun and be about to level it off on the creature outside . Peter jump down from the counter . Peter : don't try to shoot through that gate . opening be too SMALL . bullet'll wind up chasin ' US around in here . the Zombie crash all its might against the metal cage . Stephen startles . Peter : he can't get through ... come on ... 495 the man crash back through the store and Peter move right to the rack of weapon . he pull down a gorgeous high power rifle which be equip with a sophisticated scope for sighting . Peter : ain't it a crime ! Steve : what ? Peter : ( look through the telescope ) the only person who could ever miss with this gun ... be the sucker with the bread to buy it . 496 the cross hair of the telescope zero in on the enlarge forehead of the Zombie , which be thrashing against the roll gate . the sight give up a sense of the super - weapon 's lethal accuracy . 497 Stephen dive into the ammunition and move behind the counter where he pull out box of shiny new hand gun . Peter find elaborate holster and ammunition belt . he pull several other rifle from the rack . we recognise the firepower in the arsenal that the two man accumulate . 498 other Zomby appear at the gate , but they can not break in . 499 Peter : ( at the creature ) you just wait out there , sissies ... we comin '... and we ready ! 500 with a swell in the music , the band of all four human charge out of the maintenance corridor and make a break for the Department store . they all wear new double holster contain hand gun . each have a rifle strapped over he shoulder and another in hand . they wear ammo belt and carry pack with other supplies . the wounded Roger be sit in the big gardening cart which Peter earlier use to carry the first supply load out of the store . Peter run , push the cart before he . there be only a few creature on the balcony . the dead thing turn in confusion at the sound of the attack commando . Roger , he hand free to shoot , fire he weapon several time at some of the creature who be close . 501 the creature from the main concourse below begin to move up the stationary staircase and struggle with the escalator . the corpse of creature slain in the earlier battle still clutter in the area . 502 Fran and Steve be the first to reach the entrance to the Department store . Steve fall immediately on the gate lock . Peter pull up to a screeching halt at the gate . he turn the cart in a full 180 so that Roger be face out toward the mall . Steve fumble with the second lock . Peter face the few Zomby which be converge along the balcony . he lift he new super-gun and stare through the scope . the gun roar eloquently . even its sound pronounce its power . the single shot rip cleanly through the centre-forehead of one of the creature . the man aim at another head . blam . another perfect kill . then a third . Roger fire several time . Fran stand ready at the roll gate . as Stephen finish with the final lock , the woman push against the cage and it start up . Steve stand , and the two roll the cage into the ceiling , but Stephen be careful not to let it get out of he grasp . Fran move into the store and Peter pull the cart behind he . then Steve , Peter and Fran pull the gate shut long before any of the advance creature reach the area . 503 again , the Zomby smash into the cage , but the human be already run through the aisle of the big store . 504 Peter wheel Roger into the elevator and hit the button for the first floor . the door shut and the car start down . Peter : how's the ride ? Roger : kind bumpy . watch it . the stern Black face stare down at the back of the wounded man 's head . despite he attempt at humour , the stiffness in Roger 's body evidence he pain . Peter put he hand squarely on the trooper 's shoulder . Peter : look here ... I ... Roger : I know , I know ... shut up . something very serious be share between the two man , some knowledge which we do not fully understand . we do see the kind of bond share by soldier in a battle . 505 the elevator door glide open and Peter push the cart out into the first floor on the big store . 506 Fran and Stephen charge down the store escalator move faster than the step themselves . 507 they run through the hardware department where Stephen snatch up several propane torch . Fran stuff extra bottle of gas into she back pack . 508 with a great hiss one of the propane nozzle spit a white - hot flame as it be light with a new disposable lighter . Fran hold two torch as Stephen light they . 509 Peter step up to the first floor entrance gate with Roger in front of he . several creature outside of the cage fly into sudden frenzy at see the human . they slam against the grid but it hold as usual . Peter : unlock the middle one last . 510 Steve fall on the right hand lock with he key . the Zomby all converge near the crouching man 's side of the gate . they push and shove . Fran hold one of the light torch very close and the creature back away cring . the lock open and Steve move to the extreme leave . again the Zomby follow and again Fran be ready with the torch . Peter : alright ... the toughest part'll be gettin ' by these right here ... Steve : it's a long haul down to the entrance . 511 Peter crane he neck to see past the Zomby and down the concourse . several other creature be start toward the Department store . behind they , about three hundred foot away , be one of the main entrance which be block off outside by a truck trailer . 512 Peter : we'll be alright ! Fran : it's too far ! Peter : there's no backin ' out now . we gotta lock that door ! Fran : we'll never make all four . it's too risky . Steve : you just stay here and be ready to upen up for US . Fran : the car ! Peter : what ? Fran : the car ! 513 outside , we see the slowly spin exhibit which display the new automobile . it be a sleek , sporty model , which look fast and manoeuvrable . 514 Peter look down at Roger . Peter : you ok to start it ? Roger nod and reach for he supply pack . he be cring with pain , but he move efficiently . 515 the Zomby clutch at the gate with new vigour . at the unlock end the grid give a little , but still hold the creature out . Fran wave the torch closer and the creature back away . Steve un - lock the middle lock . Steve : it's goin ' up ! 516 the gate swing up with a thunderous roar . the Zomby attack but Fran 's torch make they hold back slightly . Steve grab one of the propane canister with one hand and draw a pistol with the other . Fran draw a hand gun also . the two fire into the pack of Zomby . one or two fall . the other try to move in but be afraid of the bright flame . one get close to Steve but the man blast he torch directly into its face . its hair catch on fire and the creature throw itself wildly about , knock other Zomby back . 517 now Peter see a open and he make a break with the cart . Roger hold on to the side . they crash through the scattered pack of ghoul successfully and Peter make for the car exhibit . there be a few creature on the concourse on the cart 's path . Peter : ( shouting ) close the gate ... close the gate ... 518 Steve grab the lip of the roll cage and it start down . Fran be still inside the store with one of the torch . Fran : the keys , stephen ... the keys ! Steve try to stop the downward progress of the gate but it slam shut with a metallic crash . Fran : jesus christ ! 519 Peter stop in he track when he hear the woman 's shout . he look back . several of the creature have follow the cart . they advance slowly . 520 several have stay with Stephen , however , and they approach Stephen as he try to pass the key back through the gate . the big ring do not fit through the small opening . Steve : you mother ! Fran : keep ' em ... just keep ' em ... look out ! the Zomby at Stephen 's back be very close . Steve lunge at they with he torch . they back off slightly . 521 Peter : come on , man ! get outa there ! the creature on the concourse be approach the cart . a pain Roger level off several shot , but he be very shaky from he extreme pain . he manage to down one of the Zomby . 522 Fran : stephen ... for GOD sake ... the woman hold up she torch so that the bright flame face the ghoul . Stephen crouch and put a key in the right hand lock . the Zomby converge on he . 523 Peter , see other creature draw near , start to push the cart again . he manage to dodge two little cluster of the walk dead . 524 the lock click just as one bold creature grab Stephen from behind , Fran try to aim she torch closer . it disarm the Zombie for a moment , Stephen thrashes he body back knock the think off balance . then he quickly slide the key under the gate which he can lift just high enough with the single lock undone . another ghoul grab Steve from behind . this time Steve 's torch be knock fly and roll away . Fran be desperate . she try to aim she pistol but cannot shoot through the grill . she hold she torch high . Steve kick and scramble , roll on the floor . the Zomby be on he . he manage to knock one or two of they to the floor . then he fire with he pistol , kill another , he crawl to the torch and grab it , the creature clutching and tug at he pants and shirt . he bring the flame up and flash it at the Zomby . they back away enough for he to crawl to a open space . then he scramble to he foot and charge down the concourse toward the car . 525 at the exhibit , Peter stop the cart . there be two of the lumber creature close at hand . the big trooper raise he rifle . Roger , use all he strength , manage to pull himself up out of the cart . he lip to the exhibit as Peter fire at the oncoming ghoul . the super- gun score two perfect hit . 526 as Roger try to step onto the spin platform , he fall and roll against the car . the turntable carry he around toward another creature . he be struggle in pain toward the driver 's door of the vehicle . 527 Steve , who be approach at a run , see the action . Steve : watch be roger ... roger ! 528 Roger turn he head and see the ghoul just before the creature grab he . the thing hand clutch at the wrap wound , which be already leak blood through its dress . Roger scream loudly . 529 Peter jump up onto the spin turntable , lean across the hood of the car . his super - gun drill a hole through the creature 's skull . it fall off the exhibit . 530 Peter hurriedly come around to Roger 's side . in extreme pain , the trooper be desperately try to open the driver door . Peter help he . the door open and Peter ease he friend into the seat . Roger immediately go to work under the dash . 531 Zomby be advance now from all over the concourse . 532 Peter : get in ! he be shouting at Stephen who be just rush up to the platform . he and the trooper scramble into opposite side of the back seat . they slam the door and make sure that all button be lock . Roger work as quickly as he can . 533 several of the lead creature reach the turntable . some fall try to step onto the move disc , but other manage to struggle over to the car . they smash the window with they hand . it be a nightmarish scene as the man huddle in the shiny , new car which spin very slowly in circle . 534 Fran have relocked the one open gate mechanism , and she stand now try to see the action , but it be out of she line of vision . she can only hear the moan of the creature , and pound on the car . she turn the valve on she propane nozzle extinguish the flame . 535 the car 's engine roar as Roger be able to jump the wire . Steve : i'll drive it ... Roger : I got it . the trooper 's face contort in agony as he move himself into position behind the wheel . he be shaking , but he bite he lip and slam the car into gear . there be at least eight creature crawl over the car , more approach . the platform spin . Roger wait until the car be aim directly down the concourse . the man in the back seat be alert to the Zomby which pound at the window . the ugly and distort face press close against the safety glass . 536 now the car pull out quickly . it roll of the edge of the spin display , knock several of the creature aside . the front wheel move off the platform and bounce onto the floor , but the frame of the car scrape the top of the disc and be stick for a moment . the disc spin on carry the rear of the car with it . then Roger give it more gas . the rear wheel spin and finally catch . 537 the car shoot out onto the mall floor . some of the Zomby cling for a moment , but they fall away quickly , scramble to regain they foot and follow . 538 the car swerve and for a instant seem as though it will crash against the column on the concourse . Roger manage to control it , and the shiny vehicle zoom ahead with tremendous energy . 539 one of the stray creature in the concourse try to intercept the speed auto , but the car knock he mercilessly aside as though he be a bowl pin . 540 Fran see the car as it round the corner , head directly for the main entrance which she can see from she position . 541 the Zomby at the entrance already start back into the mall attract by the commotion . the car zoom down the concourse easily break they rank . 542 Roger throw the manoeuvrable vehicle into a screeching tailspin , stop just at the door . 543 the big trailer block the entrance effectively . there be some creature inside the door . under the van , several Zomby be struggle with the door . one be just push in and seem as though it will be able to enter . 544 Peter and Stephen slam against the door . Stephen aim he torch directly at the crawl creature . the one in front withdraw its arm . the grotesque thing writhe , kick under the truck . the door slam and Peter produce another set of master key . they be all code . he fall on the lock mechanism . Peter : that's not 100 % , but I don't think they will get through . Steve : can't they smash the glass ? Peter : safety STUFF ... pretty indestructible ... they got no leverage under the truck .. gimme the alarm ... 545 Steve rummages in he back pack . produce two portable battery operate burglar alarm . Peter activate the unit , stand they against the base of the now lock door . as he crouch near the glass , creature outside go into a frenzy claw at the glass door . they can not get in . Peter : i'm hopin ' they will just go away after they find they can't get in ... 546 the creature move slowly down the concourse be now get close to the action . 547 the man hop back into the car , it roar off with Roger still at the wheel . 548 again the sleek auto rip through the rank of the advance Zomby . they fall and scatter . 549 the car speed down the concourse , turn the corner near where Fran watch at the Department store game . we hear Steve 's voice on the woman 's walkie talkie . Steve : we're ok ... we got it made ... it'gonna work . Fran stare out through the roll cage . the Zomby be staggering weakly after the car . 550 with another tailspin , the auto pull up at the second set of door . the man scramble out of the back seat , the Zomby outside try to crawl under the second trailer . the man shut they out easily , lock the door and plant alarm . they stand to look down the concourse . 551 the creature seem even more spread out now . Steve : how many you figure be already in ... Peter : dunno . not too many . we'll get ' em easy . we get it all locked off and we're goin ' on a hunt ! the big trooper raise he super - gun and sight through the telescope . 552 as we see through the scope , cross hair settle on the forehead of one of the creature which be lumber down the hall . the face be magnify , distort by the telescope . the gun roar and the head in the scope explode with red . 553 the creature fall against a column , hit squarely through the brain . we sense the supreme accuracy of the magnificent weapon . 554 it be night . the Zomby in the parking lot still group around the semis . they set up a eerie moan in the moonlight . a slow piece of music start to build . 555 the creature crawl under the truck but can not enter the mall . they pound and scratch at the door , to no avail . 556 from inside the concourse , the mob be muffle . even the revolve door be lock now . it seem the most vulnerable , but the crawl creature cannot quite get leverage to smash the glass panel and they have no tool to pound with . the auto be flush against the revolve door inside , offer add protection . several alarm unit sit atop the car . they be the early warning device against penetration . 557 they camera start to dolly back , the music build . we see slain corpse of many Zomby lie askew in various part of the building . it be like a battlefield after a war . 558 the human appear on the second storey balcony . move to the railing , look down to the expanse of the building . they be guerrilla fighter , with they weapon strapped on . they have take the Temple . the music hit a crescendo as the people look over they spoil . even the wounded Roger seem triumphant as he limp to the rail , support himself on he arm . 559 we see a spectacular shot of the full expanse of the building . Zomby lie dead everywhere . the human have capture the gold of the god ... in this case the god of consumer Heaven . 560 Peter 's hand be on the map of the maintenance corridor . he be draw a line past the washroom at the end of the hall near the firestair . Peter : we put up the wall here . there's no door from the last office into the washroom , so nobody will get nosey ... and this way we can still get to the plumbing ... Steve : why can 't we just board up the stairway . hell , they can't even get through a stack of carton . Peter : i'm not just worryin ' about they . sooner or later might be a patrol through here ... looters maybe ... I don't want anybody to even know that stairway exist . they look back at the map . Peter : the ductwork run all the way into the washroom . we'll have to get in and out that way . we'll bring up any bug STUFF we want before we put up the wall . 561 the man sit huddle . the large storage area be fill with mound of supplies bring up from the mall store , but the stuff all sit around in disarray . 562 behind the wall of carton , Roger seem to be sleep , but he be sweat feverishly , and he face twitches . Fran have be try to soothe he with a wet cloth on he forehead . now she stop , leave the cloth on the shiver head . she move out to Stephen and Peter . 563 Fran : he seem to be sleeping . Peter : good . 564 the woman move to where she have medical supplies on one of the carton . there be bottle , vial and diabetic hypo syringe as well as bandage and dressing from the pharmacy in the mall . Fran : I don't know what else to do ... Steve : you're doin ' fine . Fran : he leg be awful ... the infection be spread fast . can 't we fly he out of here ... try to find a mo . unit ... 565 Steve look at Peter . the big trooper speak softly . Peter : i've see half a dozen guy get bitten by that thing ... none of ' em lasted more than thirty six hour . 566 Fran be stunne . suddenly , Roger scream from behind the carton . Roger : peter ... peter ... where be you ? 567 Peter : right here , buddy . 568 Roger be sit up . his eye look very dark and sink . he be sweat even more profusely than before . Roger : yeah ... yeah ... he lick he lip . he look around the vast , barren room , try to clear he eyesight . 569 outside , Fran sit on a carton . the man be still huddle around the spoil . Roger occasional shout from the other room . Roger : we did it , huh , buddy ? we whipped ' em . Peter : that's right rog . Roger : didn 't we ? peter ? didn 't we whip ' em ? Peter : we sure did , buddy . Roger : we whipped ' em and got it all ! we got it all ! the man 's voice sound pathetic as it echoe through the big storage area bounce off barren wall . 570 a hammer slam into nail behind the fake wall which the people be work on . a great network of two - by-four be brace at the rear of the corridor , more lumber be wedge against wall make a frame . Stephen be slamm large nail into the framework for reinforcement . on the frame 's face a masonite panel be nail into place on one side . Peter work in the corridor . he be carefully nail in a mould which make the new partition look like a finish wall . in the corridor , there be power tool lie about and a vast array of other hardware in the gardening cart . Fran appear from out of the washroom . she be carry a old can of paint which have obviously be use . Fran : this must have be for touch up ... it look perfect . Peter grab the can and pries it open quickly with a screw driver . he dip he finger into the liquid and smear some onto the new wall where it butt against the corridor . it be a perfect match . Steve : ( to Fran ) anything else you want before we close it off ? Fran : no ... the woman be stare down the corridor toward the mall proper . 571 the corpse from the hall have be carry out of the way . they be pile together at the corridor mouth on the balcony . it be a grisly sight . Fran turn away . 572 Fran : no . she step back through the unfinish partition , lean against the framework . her hand go to she mouth as she try to choke back a gag . Steve move up behind she , but she feel another wave of nausea and she dart for the washroom . Steve set down he hammer and follow . 573 the woman be kneel on the floor , propped up by she hand on the toilet seat . she be vomit . Steve approach quietly . his hand fall on she back . Fran : leave I alone ... it's alright ... it's my problem . Steve : frannie ... Fran : just get outa here , stephen ... I don't want you here . the man do not move . Fran reach up , take he hand . she clutches it tightly , indicate that she be not angry . Fran : I don't want you to see I this way ... another wave hit she and she wretch again . she pull she hand back lean over the toilet bowl . Fran : please go ... i'm alright ... please ... Stephen stand up reluctantly and drift out of the room . the woman wretch but she be dry . she try to swallow . then sit on the floor next to the toilet hold she stomach . she fumble with the flush handle , depress it . the rush water make a ugly sound . Fran look down at she stomach think of she pregnancy . 574 Stephen step out of the unfinish framework . Peter be gaze down the corridor at the pile of corpse . Peter : this place be gonna be rotten ... we gotta clean up , brother . fly buzz about the stare face of the dead thing on the balcony . 575 Peter 's hand be on the round hatch wheel of a enormous safe . Peter : they're usually on a timer ... OPEN at nine ... locked at four ... keep the banker honest . the wheel spin and Peter swing the giant door open . 576 Inside be a huge safety deposit vault of a bank . the man stand for a moment in awe . the clean wall be line with drawer and door where depositor have store they valuable . at one end of the room there be stack and stack of paper bill . the man approach the pile of money , stooping down . they each pick up packet of bill and flip through the edge ... Peter stuff several packet into he knapsack . Steve look at he quizzically . Peter : you never know , brother . Steve take several stack and stuff they into he kit . he look about the enormous vault . Steve : don 't ya wonder what the archaeologists be gonna think ... guy in the future ... diggin ' the place up . imagine all the STUFF in these box ... jewellery ... maybe they will figure it's all some kind of offering to the god ... like in the pyramid ... a burial chamber . Peter : that's exactly what it be , now ..... 577 we see the man wheeling gardening cart pile with corpse . the sombre image be shocking as the figure move in silhouette against the bright store front with they display of goods design to attract shopper to the sweet life the item pretend to represent . 578 at the bank , Peter wheel a cart with several dead Zomby through the lobby . 579 in the vault , the big trooper dump body out on top of several other , already deposit . the corpse lie askew , they arm and leg protrude . the stack of money be upset by the limp action of the body as they roll around . 580 a finger flip a switch and we hear the mall music start up slowly . 581 we see a montage : Fran , Stephen and Peter walk slowly through the conquer building . they drift in and out of store pick up various item . they use shopping cart . 582 Fran rummages idly through the cosmetic department . 583 Peter look through a book store . 584 Stephen play the pinball machine in a huge game room . 585 Peter try on big colourful hat in front if a mirror . 586 Fran trim Stephen 's hair as he sit in the mechanical chair of the mall barber shop . 587 Fran feed the animal in the Pet store , then with a bag of seed , she feed the tropical bird in the tall cage out on the concourse . the bird flutter , flap about , screeching loudly . 588 now the group walk along the upper balcony . they look down . they still have they weapon and kit , Peter be wear a wide brimm hat and Fran sport a new mink coat . 589 the concourse be empty now of corpse , but the group can hear the moan and thumping at the main entrance . it be dark outside , the creature claw at the door but cannot be see in the shadow under the big trailer truck . the sound evidence they presence , however . 590 the people stand at the balcony railing overlook they realm . Fran : they 're still here . Steve : they 're after US ... they know we're in here . Peter : they 're after the place ... they don't know why ... they just remember ... remember that they wanna be in here ! the noise at the entrance continue eerily . Fran start to be afraid . Fran : what the hell be they ? Peter : they 're US , that be all . there's no more room in hell . Steve : what ? Peter : somethin ' my grandaddy used to tell US ... you know macumba ? voodoo ... grandaddy be a priest in trinidad . used to tell US ... when there's no more room in hell ... the dead will walk the earth . 591 Roger be scream wildly . he be sweat and he face look sink with a ashen colour . he thrashes about as Steve try to hold he . his leg be swollen , almost all black . his arm , which be also bitten , be wrap but ooze . Steve : get more valium in he ... Fran fumble with one of the hypodermics , but she drop the vial of serum and it shatter on the floor . Steve : get another one ... come on ... Roger be throw himself about wildly . Steve barely manage to hold on . Fran rush into the other room . 592 the space be start to look like live quarter . there be furniture . there be section off area with thing still pack in carton , but it be beginning to look like home . 593 the woman rush to the medical supply area which be now more organised with little cabinet and a small refrigerator . she take a new vial of serum from the freezer . 594 downstair , Peter be check the cover at the floor base of the fake wall . he hear the violent scream from above . 595 he climb up a rope ladder in the ceiling , scramble through the grill in the ceiling , enter the duct . then he pull up the ladder and close the grill . 596 he crawl through the tight space for a few foot , and drop out of another grill into the washroom . 597 he move through the internal corridor and into the firestair . 598 all the while , Roger 's scream can be hear . Peter tramp up the stair several at a time . 599 he rush through the live space in the direction of the scream . 600 Fran be withdraw a hypodermic from Roger 's good arm . the man still thrashes wildly . Steve be struggle to hold he . Peter rush in and help . Fran drift out of the room . after a short time Roger relax somewhat . Peter : ( to Steve ) go on ... i'll stay with he . Steve leave the area . 601 in the live space , Fran be sit in a chair . it be the inflatable kind , which can be collapse like a balloon . Steve come up to she and put he arm around she neck from behind . she cup he hand with hers and hold they tightly . she stare off across the room . 602 Roger catch he breath and look up at Peter . he lick he lip and try to speak coherently . Roger : you ... you will take care of I , right , peter ? you'll take care of I ... when I go ... Peter : I will . Roger : I don't wanna be walkin ' around like that peter ... not after I go ... I don't wanna be walkin ' around like that ... the man 's eye be terrify . he look this way and that at the wall , the ceiling , at Peter ... he can not focus ... Roger : peter ? peter ? Peter : i'm here , trooper . Roger : you'll take care of me... I know you will ... Peter : I will . Roger : peter ? Peter : yeah , brother . Roger : peter , don't do it ... til you sure ... sure i'm comin ' back ... don 't do it til you're sure ... I might not come back , peter ... i'm gonna try not to ... i'm gonna try ... not to come back ... 603 later , the moon shine down through the skylight in the live area . a sturdy ladder have now replace the pyramid of carton up to the open hatch . 604 Stephen fiddle with the television . there be a faint signal come in . he have the set wire to a makeshift antenna which stretch through the skylight . a table lamp sit on a small end table and be light . its cable be patch into a network of wiring which stretch about the room . 605 Fran be unpack thing . she be stack dish and silverware . it be a very orderly scene . the couple look like a pair of newlywed who have just move into a new house . 606 on the television , two man be talk , a commentator and a official of the government . the scientist be in a suit , but he tie be rumple and he collar open . he have not shave and he seem very tired and nervously upset . scientist : i've got to ... be careful with word here ... we haven't be able to study there habit ... we've repeatedly asked for a live capture so we can have controlled study ... we need supply and demand ratios . comm . : you mean ... there need versus ... scientist : versus the amount of food available . lets be blunt . there be a commotion in the tv studio . we hear noise and shouting , as we do j.a.s. earlier . 607 Steve : jesus christ . he squat near the set , stare . Fran come up behind he . 608 scientist : project out there rate of growth ... there's a critical balance ... and it's the waste that kill US . literally ... they use ... they use maybe five percent of the food available on the human body ... and then the body be usually intact enough to be mobile when it revive . there's a ecological imbalance and they 're incapable of understanding ... comm . : what be you proposing ? scientist : we have to be unemotional ... we have to provide counter measure or we're all ... comm . : counter measure ? scientist : they can't control the rate of growth and con - sumption ... we have to control it for they ! comm . : you're suggesting that we help they ? scientist : by helping they in this case we save ourselves ... a great outcry be hear in the studio . the camera bobble around . the scientist be fumble for word . 609 Stephen : good GOD . 610 in the other room , Peter sit against a wall . he can hear the television . his eye stare straight ahead at something . scientist : i'm proposing that certain ... necessary measure be put into effect at once ... measure applying to all official search and destroy unit , while they 're still operative ... hospitals ... rescue station ... and any ... private citizen ... the camera pull off Peter 's face . we see that he rifle be stretch across he lap . the tv drone on from the other room . scientist : in co-operation with the mobile unit of the o.b.p . the corpse of the recently dead should be deliver over to the authorities for collection in refrigerated van ... they should be decapitate to prevent revival ... we see now what Peter be stare at . on the floor , twenty foot away lie the corpse of Roger . it 's face be cover with a blanket . it lie very still . scientist : this collection ... this collection ... the man 's voice be hear almost shouting over the voice from the studio . the angry staff protest vigorously , with emotional language ... scientist : this collection could be ... store ... rationed ... for distribution among the infected society ... the shout of anger continue . in a attempt ... in a attempt to curb the senseless slaughter ... the senseless slaughter of our own society ... suddenly the dead Roger 's foot seem to move under the blanket . Peter 's eye pick up the movement immediately . his hand tighten on he weapon . scientist : the dissection ... the dissection of the corpse can be carried out ... carried out with respect for the dignity of the human body ... Roger 's arm seem to move , in slight twitching motion ... the head ... the head and the ... skeleton ... whenever possible ... could be identified and ... and buried in consecrate ground ... the commotion in the studio reach a fever pitch . from the movement beneath , the blanket start to creep down off Roger 's face . Peter stare with fascination and disbelief . the blanket clear the blankly stare eye ... the drool mouth ... Roger try to sit up / Peter 's hand click a shell into he super- gun . suddenly , the corpse sit up . it stare at Peter , blankly at first , then with purpose ... it start to move towards the trooper who calmly raise he weapon ... 611 on the tv , the commotion still rage . Stephen and Fran stare at the tube , hardly believe what they see . the scientist be shouting above the din . he be nervous . he wipe he brow with he sleeve ... scientist : we've got to remain unemotional ... unemotional ... rational ... logical ... tactical ! tactical ! 612 Steve : they're crazy ... they 're crazy ... Fran : it's really ... all over , isn't it ... blam ! the loud roar of Peter 's gun from the next room . Fran startles and fall into Stephen 's arm . 613 Roger 's corpse be dumped on top of the stack of body in the Bank vault . his eye stare with a puzzle expression . the arm and leg of the other body make the room look like a Renaissance Painting of hell itself . there be the familiar gunshot wound in Roger 's forehead . the heavy door of the vault close with a metallic slam which echoe through out the mall . 614 a small puppy lift its leg and urinate on a table . Fran : adam ! no no ! the woman 's hand reach into frame and grab the little animal . she carry it through the room and drop it on some papers laid out in a unused part of the storage area . Fran 's stomach be big now , she pregnancy evident . she wipe she brow like a exhaust housewife , and shuffles back into the live area . she fumble with the sheet on the double mattress which she and Steve obviously share . there be a end table near the bed , with a read light . book lie strewn around , along with magazine and half drunk cup of coffee . 615 in the sit room , we see a scene which could be comfortable suburban . the furniture be neatly arrange . there be a small portable stove which operate on bottled gas , a refrigerator , and cabinet with dish and silverware . 616 there be a modern calendar on the wall , which have three month cross off . there be a variety of radio and tv unit and a stereo record player . there be even decoration : painting hang , knick knack on the table . the room almost look like a wealthy man' de , with all the gadget- orient affluence . 617 in the Department store , Stephen wander about . he fiddle with a new supersonic calculator and he look at adult game . 618 on the roof , in the bright sun of early morning , Peter play tennis against one of the shed wall . he 's dress in a new sweat suit with brightly coloured addidas sneaker . he have a sleek new racquet , slamm phosphorescent ball with all he might . his face be set in what be almost anger . he attack each shot with determination and emotion . 619 one of he shot miss the shed . the ball bounce and bank off the lip of the roof , then it tumble over the edge . 620 in the parking lot below , the ball hit the pavement . it bounce several time , roll off among the foot of the army of Zomby wander this way and that through the area . 621 the creature mob around the truck at the main entrance . they moan and gurgle , claw at the building . there seem to be hundred of they , all different age , sex , shape . some clothed , some naked , some wounded , some almost untouched . 622 now Fran , the pregnant housewife , be cooking supper . 623 the man play card with hundred dollar bill in the live space . 624 the three sit around the dinner table , just finish they supper . the tv set be on , but only grey snow fill the screen and the speaker hiss as it receive no signal . Fran : there hasn't be a broadcast for three day . why don't you give it up ? Steve : they might come back on . Fran angrily throw down she silverware and stomp over to the tv . she click it off . the woman return to the table . Steve stand up and move to the set . he click it back on . Peter watch the two sheepishly . it be a domestic scene . the group have become a family , with all the disadvantage of comfortable live , include the inability to communicate . Fran : what have we do to ourselves ? 625 the thunderous roar of the helicopter engine . the machine be hover over the roof of the mall . 626 Fran be at the control . Steve sit in the passenger seat . Steve : ok , now easy ... easy ... bring ' er down ... 627 the whirlybird start down for the roof . it be somewhat unstable , but it ease down regularly . 628 in the cockpit , a flustered Fran manage to handle the control . Steve : easy ... stabilise it ... that's it ... the woman react efficiently . she handle the control better as the chopper 's runner be just about on the roof surface . Steve : that's it ... that be it ... you got it ! 629 the runner hit the roof surface and the chopper settles . 630 Fran throw she arm impulsively around Stephen 's neck . Steve : you did it ... you did it , hon ... you did it ... the woman excitedly hug and kiss Stephen with childish joy . she be bubbling . 631 see from a great distance , the helicopter atop the mall look very small . its engine die and begin to whine . 632 a pair of binocular be watch the action . the lense pull away from a pair of beady eye . Voice : they must get in through the roof . Voice : son of a bitch ! Voice : there's truck blockin ' all the entrance . Voice : no sweat ! Voice : what do ya think ? hit ' em now or wait for tonight ? Voice : tonight . 633 we see the short wave radio speaker install in the live space near the tv . a voice rattles over the unit : Voice : we know you 're in there ... see the whirlybird on the roof . 634 Fran step to the doorway attract by the signal . Peter sit at the radio , not know whether to send . Steve listen . Voice : hey , er ... could ya use some company in there ? Steve be about to say something . Peter stop he . Voice : we're just ridin ' by ... we could sure use some supplies ... what' the chance US gettin ' in there to stock up ? Peter listen intently , try to read the voice 's inflection . Voice : how many of you in there , anyway ... there's three of US . couldn 't ya use three more gun ? Peter : raider . Fran : well , they know we're here , maybe we should ... Peter : ( cut she off ) no chance . the little puppy scramble up to Fran 's foot , seek attention . she pick the little dog up in she arm . Fran : well , if there's only three of they ... Peter : who say ? there 's a long silence . the radio sputter static . voice be hear , but they be not speak into the microphone . they be obviously confer among themselves . Steve start to speak , Peter cut he off . Peter : shhhh ! quiet ! he be try to hear the muffle conversation . Fran : I think we should ... Peter : jesus christ , shut up and listen ! more static . slight laughter be hear . Steve look into Peter 's face . the bug trooper just stare at the speaker without move . finally , the voice again . Voice : hey ... you in the mall ... you just fucked up real bad ! we don't like people who don't share . instantly Peter grab he weapon and strap on he holster . Peter : come on , man ... get it up . 635 under the cover of darkness , a pair of hand store a microphone on a portable radio unit . the radio be in a small van which be cluttere with junk . a arsenal of weapon be strewn about . 636 we see several man , and a few woman , huddle inside the van . they look like bandito . one even wear a mexican sombrero . the man be armed to the tooth , wear ammunition belt criss - cross on they chest . they be dirty and sloppily dress in all sort of surplus clothing . 637 outside , in close - up shot , hand turn control on big motor - cycle and foot stomp accelerator . the bike roar , create a thunderous sound . Cloud of dust and fume rise into the air . 638 Peter and Stephen be run across the mall roof . the roar of the cycle can be hear in the distance . 639 reaching the roof 's edge , Peter stare off at the horizon , but see nothing . the thunder draw nearer . Peter try binocular . 640 through the lense be vague shape in the darkness . as the sound swell , we see the rider . they powerful bike come charge over a rise ...two ... then three more ... three more ... more ... they be accompany by two small van . there be at least fifteen bike . the sound be deafen . 641 Peter : just three , huh ? Steve : holy shit ! Peter : they'll get in . they will move the truck . Steve : there's hundred of that creature down there . Peter : come on , man . this be a professional army . look like they be survivin ' on the road all through this thing ... damn ! how many of the store be OPEN ? Steve : I dunno ... several of ' em ... Peter : well let' not make it easy for ' em ... come on ! 642 the man charge down through the skylight . the roar of the convoy can now be hear in the live space . Fran be desperate . Steve rush by she with Peter , who crash on ahead through the door onto the firestair . Fran : what' happening ? Steve : there's fifteen or twenty of ' em ... we're gonna shut off the gate . Fran : stephen ! Steve : we're just gonna shut the gate . they will never find US up here . the man disappear through the stairway door . Fran drop the puppy which go run after the man floppily . Fran think to chase the dog , but instead move to the storage area and snatch she weapon . she start to load she rifle . 643 outside , the convoy make a pass at one of the truck . in the darkness the Zomby clutch at the fast bike . the raider fire they gun , drop several of the creature . the mob of creature be impenetrable at first . the raider leader signal the convoy to drop back across the parking lot . some raider have trouble keep balance as Zomby claw they . 644 the lead bike pull up on the other side of the lot . raider : they'll spread out comin ' after US ... then we go in with the van ... 645 the other bike ride to the leader . a van pull in and two biker scramble aboard through the side door . one of the woman jump into the driver 's seat and revs the engine . 646 the Zomby be start to move out after the convoy . the mob at the mall entrance be thinning somewhat . 647 in the mall , Peter drop from the grill in the exterior corridor . he charge out and into the maintenance corridor , where he break for the mall proper . he be follow by Stephen . Peter : ( shouting ) downstair first ... Steve : ok ... Peter : got you talk BOX ? Steve : yeah . Peter : keep be handy . 648 outside , the raider ' van revs and roar towards the mall . the biker stay at the other side of the lot , engine idling . some of they whoop and holler like american Indians . 649 the van crash through the advance Zomby . several of they be knock fly . the vehicle pull up to the truck cab . Three man pile out and scramble into the truck . the Zomby in the area clutch at the raider , but they fight they way clear . the woman in the van revs the engine again . Zomby claw at she window . she squeal back to the main biker group . 650 the Zomby in the parking lot be approach the rank of motorcycle from a good distance . the raider open fire . they , too , possess sophisticated weapon , the barrage set up a great noise . several creature fall . the little van pull up behind the bike . the man still whoop and shout . 651 on the floor on the mall , Peter and Steve dash about slamm roll gate down on the open store . they run desperately through the empty concourse . they hear the din from outside . 652 at the trailer cab , a raider fire point blank at the Zomby that claw at the passenger window . another man check cable . raider : shit ... it's still tape up ... it's all ready for US ... the man sit at the wheel , revving the engine . ghoul at window . 653 Inside , the man hear the truck start . Steve slam down the pharmacy gate . Peter be already run to the Department store . the big trooper crash up the escalator to the second floor aisle . Steve break for the open hardware store . 654 the huge trailer roll away from the mall entrance . a shout of victory go up from the raider . the Zomby at the door do not yet enter the mall , they focus on the raider now . from other entrance Zomby start converge on the parking lot . 655 across the lot , the biker rev they engine ready to make a run on the building . the raider in the truck hop from the cab . they run to the door , shoot Zomby at they move . some creature fall , other claw at the runner . one raider be bring down by the ghoul . his friend pay no attention . 656 one gunman slam into the mall door to find they be lock . he level he machine gun on the lock and rip open the mechanism . the man push through the door . the little alarm unit be knock fly send out a high pitch signal . 657 Peter be just slamm down the gate on the balcony when he hear the alarm go off . 658 one of the raider hear the gate rumbling . he look up and see Peter run by the railing upstairs . he fire with he machine gun . 659 Peter dive , slide across the balcony . the bullet miss he and he crawl around the balcony just out of sight from below . 660 Steve have just slam down the hardware store gate , and make a dash for the Department store . 661 the raider spot he as well , and open fire . 662 Steve run zip - zag and dive into the big store , where he duck into the shadow leave the gate open . 663 Peter , at the balcony railing , level he super - gun on the biker . 664 one accurate shot fire and a raider fall with a giant wound in he chest . 665 the last raider at the door duck out of Peter 's sight . 666 Steve now charge the roll gate and slam it shut on the store . 667 the biker toward the building . Zomby scatter on the lot . 668 just as the biker be reach the building , the raider inside rush the door . he hold they open as the big fleet of rumbling cycle come scream into the building . 669 Steve be in awe , watch from the Department store grid . 670 the cycle pull down the concourse and Zomby lumber in after they . the raider at the door be grab by a Zombie . then another . he manage to fight away . 671 Peter , shoot above , downs the raider and one of the ghoul . 672 the main band of biker hear the gunfire and pull down a side concourse to regroup . they make they turn close to the Department store and Steve back into he shadow . 673 Peter move down the balcony as Zomby be clamour back to the big concourse . Peter 's eye be wide at the invasion . 674 upstair , Fran hear the noise . she be at the top of the firestair , weapon ready . on the landing below , the puppy scamper and bark . Fran call the dog , but it do not listen . 675 the bike arc around and several pull up to the dept . store . raider : alright ... couple of you hold off they Zombies ... charlie ?... hit the gate ... we gotta get that sniper . the leader roll out . other follow . Peter fire and drop a raider , he bike fly into the approach Zomby . 676 the action be too fast and furious . neither Peter or Steve can see the whole layout of the concourse . 677 the lead biker pull out of range behind a set of column . a couple of biker dismount and start up the stationary stair . 678 Steve talk into he walkie talkie : Steve : they 're comin ' up , peter ... they 're comin ' up the stair . 679 Peter move to another spot on the balcony . 680 suddenly the raider at the dept . store door turn a machine gun on the roll gate lock . one fly open ... another ... 681 Steve run into the store , about to charge up the escalator when he realise he will be in the line of fire . he run to the elevator , hit a button , and start for the second floor . 682 Peter fire and drop one of the charge man on the balcony . the other take cover . just as Peter be change position , the light in the building blink out ... the escalator stop ... the power have go off . 683 upstair , Fran be alone in total darkness . below , she hear the puppy still bark . she start carefully down the step . 684 in the stick elevator , Steve grope and fumble for he talk box . Steve : peter ... peter ... 685 the big trooper charge through the darkness to the maintenance corridor , ignore the buzzing on he talk unit . 686 the raider on the balcony approach quickly , ducking against the wall occasionally for cover . 687 the other biker spill into the dept . store , raid the counter and raping the display . they throw thing into sack while other move to different store and shoot off roll gate lock . they raid the arsenal in the sport goods store . 688 the main pack of bandit be hold off the Zomby . the creature charge with new vigour . some raider fall and the ghoul pounce on they , rip flesh with tooth and hand . 689 the van pull up outside the door and two biker ride out to it , load supplies into it . the Zomby be everywhere , but the action of the professional looter befuddle they . 690 several creature move onto the balcony . one Zombie pounce the raider Peter shot and tear at he body . 691 as remain raider appear at the mouth of the corridor , Peter open fire , kill the lead raider with a clean shot in the heart . the man fly back over the railing , fall to the concourse below where Zomby attack it . the other raider fall back against the wall . 692 Peter dash into the maintenance room and rush to throw the emergency power switch . 693 the portable emergency light unit blink on all over the mall . 694 Steve , who have crawle through the escape hatch of the elevator , suddenly feel the car move . he grab onto the cable but he hand slip from grease and he rifle fall down and wedge between the wall of the shaft and the move car . suddenly , the car stop again , and Steve see through the escape hatch as light spill in as the main elevator door open . he think to jump down , but hear raider below . 695 two of the big , greasy bandit charge into the car . they whoop and shout as they see the open escape hatch . 696 Steve settles back out of sight against the wall . 697 raider : come on , man ... let be go ... the other raider whoops loudly and fire a barrage of bullet into the escape hatch . 698 the shell bang and clatter in the shaft and ricochet off the wall and gear . a shell nick Stephen 's arm , but he be silent . 699 finally , the barrage stop . the raider charge back to the store . 700 other bandit battle with Zomby . the man crash through store , collect weapon , ammunition , tool , clothes , food . 701 biker shuttle goods out to the side door of the van . the woman in the front seat be ready with giant pistol . Zomby try to pound they way in , but they can not succeed . 702 in the mall , another biker drop to the Zomby . they pounce on he and start devour he scream body . 703 several creature now wander through the Department store , have enter from the second storey gate . they move through aisle knock against display . one grab a mannequin think it human , throw the dummy aside roughly . 704 the raider on the balcony be approach by several Zomby . he run down the corridor to the maintenance office . Peter be go . break into the various empty office , the raider come to the fake wall panel and assume it go nowhere . then he hear the faint bark of the dog . he check the panel again by run he hand along the edge . suddenly a sound in the corridor and the raider turn . there be three ghoul come . he fire and knock off the ghoul one at a time and run onto the balcony . 705 bike roar this way and that . it be a war zone . 706 the man be about to run downstairs when he hear a noise above . he spin and look up . he see Peter just too late . 707 the big trooper , in a open ceiling grid , aim he super - gun squarely at the raider 's head . the gun roar and the man fly . 708 below , the raider be start to regroup . the bike begin to peel out of the mall entrance one at a time . 709 another raider be snatch off he machine by the Zomby . 710 the biker toss a last bit of booty in the van and the woman driver get ready to pull out . she lower she window and fire point blank at the head of the clutching creature . 711 the last wave of raider be at the first floor entrance . the Zomby be mob around the bike outside . the man shoot and beat they way to the cycle . one man be bring down , but three manage to mount they cycle . the big bike roar out . 712 Peter be crawl through the ductwork . just as he open a grid , he see the last bike roll across the concourse . he level off with he scope . 713 he shoot one raider out of the saddle . two other get out . 714 regroup in the lot , the band of twenty be now seven or eight . 715 one last cyclist revs he engine and roar through the concourse . he dodge several ghoul and head for the entrance . he be the leader . the one who be on the radio . he whoops victorious just as he be about to drive through the door . 716 Peter lean out of the grid work and settles the cross-hair on the back of the rider head . he wait as the biker roar out onto the lot . the rider let out one last victorious shout in the fresh air . Peter 's scope be lock on the rider back and the super - gun roar . the biker be blow off he machine . 717 the bike fly into a pack of Zomby . some fall back , but other advance on the rider . the man roll over the cement , stop , not dead yet . he scream wildly as they move onto he . 718 the other biker move off in the night and the engine fade away . 719 the puppy stop bark . Fran be tense in the darkness clutching she rifle . she stand on the now silent landing . 720 in the parking lot and main concourse the Zomby move freely . they fight over the remain of the corpse . they eat ravenously , the sound of they feast the only thing in the area . 721 Peter peer down at the slaughter below from the ductwork . suddenly he hear the beeper of he talk unit , hit the button . Steve : peter ! Peter : where the hell be you ? Steve : in the elevator ! Peter : listen , that thing be all over the place . climb up top ... i'll get you out the grid on the shaft ... i'm comin . Peter start to crawl through the duct . 722 Steve hit the second floor button and the car move . he clamour up on the hand rail on the car . his hand reach up and grab the escape hatch pull he head and shoulder out the open . he kick with he leg to force himself up when the car stop . he see the grid in the shaft wall . 723 suddenly , the car door open on the second storey and abruptly several Zomby dart into the car . they claw at Steve 's leg and pull he out of the hatch . he scream , thrashes violently . 724 in the duct , Peter hear the scream . he stop and listen for a moment . he back away head for the maintenance corridor . 725 in the elevator , Steve thrashes with all he might . the ghoul try to pull he out of the car while the elevator door open and close repeatedly against the creature which block it . a Zombie bite Steve 's arm , another bite he neck . the man scramble to unholster he gun . although he be bleed profusely , he finally pull he gun and fire ...once ...twice ... 726 Peter be drop out of the washroom duct . he hear the pistol shot and realise Steve be not dead . he think about climb back in the grid , but stop . he punch at the wall violently . he be angry and confuse . 727 again the pistol roar and rip through a Zombie head , fly out of the elevator . the door still slam against the last creature and Steve fire . the Zombie fly back and the door finally close . 728 outside , Zomby fall against the elevator door . 729 Inside , Steve fall to the floor . his neck run red . his eye be wide with terror . he sit stupidly stare at the pistol in he hand . he find it hard to breathe . 730 Peter appear at the bottom of the firestair . the puppy run to meet he , tail wag and yapping . he hang he head as Fran look down . Fran : no ..... no ! she run down the step . the big trooper catch she bodily as she be about to charge out into the hall . Peter : I heard he gun ... maybe he's alright ... we'll wait ... we'll just wait a while ... 731 the mall stand silent in the blue haze of impending dawn . 732 Zomby move through the building freely , walk the hall , lumber through the store . 733 several creature still pound and scratch the elevator door . as they push each other , one creature inadvertently make contact with the elevator call button . the door glide open . Steve be stand , he blood dry now . his eye be blank as he step forward . the creature step away see that he be no longer prey ... he be among they now . the door slam against Steve and open again . Steve lumber into the store down the aisle . other creature drift away . 734 upstair , Fran be pack she sack slowly and ponderously . her face be red from cry . 735 Peter stand at the stair top look down at the landing . 736 Fran set the sack down at the escape ladder lead to the roof . she deliberately go to fill another sack . 737 on the mall balcony , Stephen 's corpse walk to the maintenance corridor . he look past other wander Zomby and see the fake partition . something in he remember . he move forward . 738 Fran : it's almost light ... let be go . Peter look at she silently from the stairway door . Fran : he doesn't answer the radio ... it's be hour ... she start to cry again . Fran : for GOD sake . you better come on because if I get to thinkin ' about this , i'll just go on down there and let they ... let they ... the puppy suddenly growl . it charge between Peter 's foot and run floppily down the step . 739 in the hallway , Steve pound at the fake wall . other creature notice and they all move toward the partition . 740 upstair , the pound can be hear . Peter stand stoically , look down into the darkness . the dog bark below . Fran : what be it ? Peter : it's stephen ... they 're comin ' up ! 741 with a great crunching noise the partition give way from the army of creature . 742 Peter slam the door . he speak quietly . Peter : go on ... you get out of here . Fran : peter ... Peter : I say ... get out of here . from the firestair , we hear the sudden yelping of the puppy as it fall victim to the creature . the sound echoe through the barren space of the storage area . Fran : oh , jesus , peter ... please ... Peter : I don't want to go ... I really don 't ... you know that ? I really don 't . 743 suddenly , the door fly open and the creature lumber into the live space . Peter stare at they . he smile slightly . the creature advance , lead by Stephen . 744 Fran start to scream . Fran : stephen ... stephen ... she make a slight move for she lover , but Peter raise he super - gun and shoot the Zombie through the head . as Stephen fall , Fran come up short . the act startles she into awareness . Peter face she as the creature come up behind he . Peter : move , woman ! 745 Fran grab the sack and climb the ladder to the roof . 746 the creature advance on Peter . he back away , try to lead they from the skylight . they crash through the live space , upsetting the carefully plan room . 747 on the roof , Fran desperately start the helicopter engine . 748 Peter back into the storage room , slamm the door . the creature approach the door and the super - gun roar one last time . the Zomby push through the door and move in for they feast . 749 several zomby manage to scramble up the skylight to the roof . Fran stare , transfix . the blade roar up to full speed . the creature advance toward the machine . Fran step out onto the run board ; the creature very close now . she crouch , watch for a moment , then look up at the spin blade . she stand straight up , drive she head into the spin blade . a headless form fall to the roof . the Zomby advance . 750 in a wide shot , silhouett against the dawn sky , we see the creature huddle under the chopper blade , feast on they last victim . the credit crawl up . just as the credit end ... the engine of the helicopter sputter ... and die . www.homepageofthedead.com