day of the dead ( the original script ) by George A. romero fade in : 1 ext . the empty STREET of a CITY - day no people . a few car and truck be park at odd angle , abandon . a title fade in , one phrase at a time . five year ... since the dead first walked . 2 ext . the CITY - day we hear the SOUND of a strong wind . debris flutter through the street . a large alligator slither into frame , stop and look around . montage : as more gator explore the empty street , knock over garbage can , upsetting the mannequin in a department store window . a gator crawl out through the open door of a abandoned bank . loose bill be drag along under the animal 's tail . they flutter away on the wind . 3 ext . the CITY - day gator crawl over a '79 cadellic . a female skeleton sit slump over the steering wheel . in the back a baby bone be strapped into a infant's safety seat . one of the gator thump its tail maddeningly against the windshield . another title appear : florida - 1987 4 ext . the CITY - day close on a section of pavement as we hear the SOUND of sluggish footstep approach . a shadow appear at the bottom of the frame . it get longer and take on the shape of a man . tight on the afternoon SUN , blind we . into the foreground lurch the figure which cast the shadow . glare obscure all facial detail until the head jog into position directly in front of the fiery ball in the sky . then we see its hideous , dead eye , its blue-grey colour , the blacken wound where a large portion of jaw have be rip away . this be a zombie ! a music chord sound and the MAIN title appear : day of the dead 5 ext . the CITY - day head credit roll over a montage : the CITY street be now populate by the walking dead . in every shape , size and colour they wander , without purpose , up and down the avenue , in and out of building . the city be theirs , they have inherite the place . man , in he human form , seem to be go . as the credit end , we CUT to : 6 ext . a MAIN STREET - day we be look down from a high angle . the corner of a tall build be in the foreground . a corpse be dangle from a noose . it 's be dead for some time . it 's mostly bone now , its blacken flesh pick clean by scavenger bird and harbour rat . a sign flap against its chest cavity . its hurriedly scrawle message read : take I , lord ! I love you ! the rope break suddenly and the corpse fall out of frame . 7 ext . the STREET - day we be at ground level now ... smack !!! the corpse hit the pavement and shatter as though make of potter 's clay . bone bounce over a wide area . the sign be carry off by the wind . 8 ext . a abandoned marina - day the sign gallop across the grass of a harbour park towards the water where a few derelict boat sway in the wind . slowly , the SOUND of a motor fade in . 9 ext . the marina ( closer angle ) - day a fishing boat , old and sea-worn , chug into the harbour . 10 ext . the marina ( close on the fishing boat ) - day there be people on board , three men and two women . they look like guerilleros from somewhere in Latin America . they be heavily armed , unshaven , cover with month worth of jungle crud . they be obviously exhaust . they gaze up to the city . they deep - sink eye be too war- weary to show much emotion but we can read they despair . tony another dead place . I tol ' you . let 's get out to the island . miguel the radio signal be come from this area . tony not from the city . in every city it 's the same . Dead . let 's get out to the barrier island . if there be survivor send that signal that 's where we will find they . miguel plenty of time for the island . the rest of we ... life ...on the island ... I think . miguel be drift . the sight of the dead city have push he a few inch closer to the brink of insanity . he catch himself and come back toward reality . miguel we gotta see if there be other here . we come all this way . we be gonna check it out . 11 ext . the marina ( at the dock ) - day close on the OPEN gasoline receptacle in the hull of a abandoned boat . a woman' hand shove a length of hose down into the hole . the woman , maria , put the other end of the hose to she mouth and suck the air out . at another derelict boat , tony suck on another hose . tony ptoooo ! nothing ! dry as a bone . no gas . let 's get outa here . miguel check they all . and check the tank under the pump . miguel and the other two guerilleros , sarah and chico , start to walk up the dock towards the harbour park , toward the city . miguel have a electronic bullhorn in one hand , he automatic rifle ready in the other . 12 ext . the harbour park - day the trio of refugee move across the grass . the wind blow debris around they as they stare towards the downtown building . miguel lift the bullhorn to he mouth . miguel hello . be there anyone there ? hello . hellooooooo .... 13 ext . the CITY - day montage : as the walking dead hear that human voice . throughout the city they turn towards the SOUND , at once confuse and excited . miguel ( o.s. ) hellooooooooooo .... the dead start to groan hungrily , almost pleadingly . all over the city they voice rise . 14 ext . the harbour park - day it come to miguel and the other as a massive wall of noise , the SOUND of hundred - of - thousand of damned soul moan on one solid voice . the sound of hell on earth . 15 ext . the marina ( at the dock ) - day tony and maria hear it as well and feel the familiar grip of cold fear . Maria make the sign of the cross . maria dios mia . tony I tol ' he . I tol ' he this be a dead place . like all the other . CUT to : 16 ext . the CITY ( from the water ) - day we see the place from a great distance . in the foreground the fishing boat , with all five refugees back on board , chug into open water . CUT to : 17 ext . a SMALL private dock - day away from the city , this dock be wooden , rickety . derelict boat rust at they mooring . the fishing boat be tie - on at one end of the pier and the guerillero be move through the area , scavenge . this time chico help maria with the siphon hose . tony linger sullenly near the fishing boat which have its motor still idling . maria' siphon hose be stuff into the gas tank of a large trawler . she suck on the hose and , unexpectedly , foul taste liquid fill she mouth . maria ay ! gasolina ! gasolina ! without warning , a figure pop up from behind the side wall of the trawler . he reach out and grab the woman , pull she against the boat , he arm around she neck , a pistol to she head . tony see the action . he dive into the fishing boat , crawl over to he rifle and scramble towards the pilot 's control . with a lightning move , maria pull a knife from she belt . she wrench around and plunge the blade into her attacker' chest . the man stagger back , scream . maria break away and run across the dock . the man fire he pistol wildly . maria be hit in the arm . she tumble forward onto the decking . tony react , open FIRE with he automatic . bullet rip into the attacker chest : he fall out of the trawler onto the dock , but two more gunmen appear behind he , mean-look desperado with rifle spitting lead . tony duck as low as he can . he grab the control and pilot the fishing boat along the edge of the dock toward the down woman . 18 ext . the private dock - day miguel , sarah and chico react to the gunfire . they draw they weapon and look for cover . they be at the far end of the dock , they back to the sea . there be a work shed nearby . bullet whiz past they as they charge towards the wooden structure . they make it there safely and they begin to return FIRE . a gun battle ensue between the two group . 19 ext . the private dock - day maria , she arm bleeding , roll off the dock and into the fishing boat . tony gun the engine and the boat pull out into open water . the attacker try to FIRE at the escaping boat but they be force to duck bullet which ricochet off the trawler pin they down . 20 ext . the private dock - day miguel' rifle be in he right hand . his leave hand cling to the frame of a OPEN window on he side of the shed . there 's a sudden , startling music sting and , with it , a zombie appear inside the open window . grotesque and drool dark saliva , its hungry mouth lunge at miguel be leave arm . its teeth tear a large strip of flesh out of the arm six inch above the wrist . miguel scream . he pull away from the creature , he terrify eye stare at the bleeding wound . a zombie bite mean infection and almost certain death . the zombie lean out through the open window , its hand claw the air try to reach miguel . sarah pull a giant .45 from she holster belt . bullamn ! bullamn ! bullamn ! she fire three rapid shot . the skull of the zombie indent in front like a hard - boil egg shell that 's be whacked with a spoon bowl . blackened blood and brain matter fly out of the back where the bullet exit . the creature fall , destroy . 21 ext . the private dock - day sarah act quickly . she lunge towards chico and snatch a machete out of he belt . chico show concern but he 's busy returning FIRE at the attacker on the trawler . sarah I have to stop the infection ... querrida ... miguel look into sarah be eye . he have start to tremble . a cry of primal panic be gurgle up in he throat . with a sudden move , sarah slam she rifle butt into the side of he head with all she might . he reel backwards and slam into the boathouse wall . his eye roll but he stay on he foot , still conscious . chico step away from he post and stand squarely in front of miguel . whap ! he slug he with a powerhouse right - cross . miguel still stand . whap ! he slug he again . whap ! again . finally , miguel collapse into the man 's arm and chico lay the limp body down on the deck . buddablam ! rattatattatattatatt ! the enemy , sense a upper hand , start firing with more intensity . chico step away from miguel and send some lead back they way . 22 ext . the private dock - day sarah be cry . it 's not weakness . she 's cry for miguel , cry for he pain . but she do not hesitate in what she have to do . she crouch over the bitten arm and raise the machete over she head . thuck ! she chop at the elbow joint with all she strength . the blade bite deep but doesn't CUT through . she lift it and chop again and again .... thuck ! thuck ! then she dig around , search for the joint the way she might on a turkey drumstick . find the spot , she push down with both hand , lean all she weight on the top edge of the blade . tear be run down she cheek when the big knife finally .... thummmppp !.... cut through to the decking . repulsed , angry , sarah sweep the severe forearm away with the blade the way a butcher might sweep away unwanted fat . blood be spurting out of the stump at a alarming rate . sarah have to act quickly again . while chico continue to return FIRE at the enemy , sarah swing herself up onto the sill of the open boathouse window and disappear inside the place . 23 int . the boathouse - day the place be dark and cluttere ( oar , bait bucket , fishing gear , life preserver , tool , paint , varnish ) . sarah snatch up a axe handle . the zombie that bit miguel lie nearby with its skull laid open . its hand be jogge , startingly , when sarah grab a bottle of paint thinner from the floor beside the corpse . from out of the shadow ... a hand ! it grab sarah be ankle . she kick violently and pull away . another zombie be crawl across the floor . one of its legs be missing and the other be badly damaged . sarah draw she .45 and bullamm ! bullamm ! she pump two round into the creature's brain . 24 ext . the private dock - day chico duck the enemy 's ricocheting bullet . chico hey ! what be we doin ' this for ? we can stick together . we can use each other' gun . at the trawler , one of the attacker shout a response . attacker # 1 you could use we gun , maybe . we can not use yours . unless you can get yer boat back here . chico you get a boat . attacker # 1 shit , man . we can drift this tub into the bay ... tow she around with a dinghy ... but she be not gonna get we nowhere . ev'ry boat you see here be long dead , soldier ... else we would be long go . can you get you boat back here ? chico I do not know where they go , man . I do not know . I swear . attacker # 1 then , like I say ... we can not use you . we be not get the food nor the patience to put up with you . the man fire a long burst from he automatic . chico you .... you motherfuckers ! he reach around the corner of the shed with he own rifle and fire blind in return . sarah clamber out through the shed window have wrap a large piece of cloth around the end of the axe handle . she reach into a shirt pocket and produce a wooden match . she strike the match and touch the flame to the thin - soak cloth . phooooomph ! the axe handle become a angrily flame torch . 25 ext . the private dock - day as the gun battle continue , sarah crouch over miguel . blood be still fountaining from the stump of he left arm . the woman slap the flaming end of her torch onto the stump . there 's a sizzling SOUND as the raw flesh there cook . the pain reach miguel even though he unconscious state . he start to breathe heavily . his head shake from side to side silently plead " no , no , no . " the flame do they job . the flesh crust over and the bleeding stop . miguel' shirt catch . suddenly he eye pop open and he scream like the man on fire he be . he lurch away from the flame , he body slamm against the shed wall . sarah fling the torch into the water and dive on top of the man . sarah miguelito . MI vida . miguel mio . miguel , try to scream but need to vomit , be do neither . his body be convulse in the woman 's arm . she rub the spark on he shirt until they disappear then she caress he , hold he head against hers , rock he back and forth . 26 ext . the private dock - day chico be still busy returning FIRE . bullet whiz through the air around he head . one knick he on the shoulder , a superficial but painful wound . chico jesus christ ! get up here , woman ! get the hell up here ! sarah have no choice but to help in the fight . she lay miguel as gently as she can on he back . he 's go into deep shock , shiver violently . rubbing tear away from she eye , sarah jump to she foot , take up a post and begin to FIRE at the attacker . the attacker be grin like old - fashioned pirate as they gun chew up the dock . suddenly , just behind the trawler , we see a flash of colour speed by ... it 's the fishing boat ! the wounded maria be steering . tony be stand on the prow with he rifle firing ... rattatattatattatattatatt !!!! one of the attacker be hit from behind . he back turn solid red and he pitch forward , falling between the boat and the dock into the water below . the other attacker ( # 1 ) turn and fire in response . tony be hit in the stomach . he fall to he knee and grab the side of the boat but he keep firing . the attacker pivot against a mast . for a moment he do not realise that he neck have be ripped OPEN by a line of bullet . he try to scream . can not . a plume of red shoot out of he mouth . then he realise . he realise that he 's a dead man . he fall . maria tony .... tony .... tony pull in ! get the other . tony be clutching at he bleeding belly as maria , in pain from she own wound , circle the boat towards the edge of the dock . 27 ext . the private dock - day behind the boathouse , sarah sling she rifle onto she shoulder and she lean over miguel who be now catatonic . sarah help I get he to the boat . chico leave he . sarah calmly raise she .45 and aim it directly at chico 's head . sarah help I or die . reluctantly the man move towards miguel and the two survivor drag he limp body over the decking . dissolve to : 28 ext . the private dock - sunset the fishing boat be go . Orange light from the western horizon paint the scene . figure be move about on the dock , slump , lumber figure .... Zombies . they be cluster around the trawler , around the corpse of the attacker . they begin pulling that corpse apart and eating they hungrily . one creature have find miguel' severe forearm . it pull a big chunk off the thing with its teeth . it chew for a time , its drool turning red . then it spit out miguel' wristwatch as though it be a bothersome bit of bone . 29 ext . the fishing boat ( in deep water ) - sunset the two women hover over they wounded , tony and miguel . chico steer the boat . suddenly , tony arch he back and scream in pain . tony aaaaaaah ... my God ...my God ... I be heartily sorry ... for have offended thee .... offended thee ... maria shhhhh .... tony . Rest , rest . tony I detest all my sin ... because ... because of thy just punishment ... because of thy ...just ...punish ... a cough fit interrupt he Act of contrition . from across the open cabin , from within sarah be arm , miguel stare . his eye have the glaze of a madman 's eye . despite that , and despite the physical trauma he have endure , he seem remarkably in command . miguel he be die . I will end he pain . miguel draw he pistol . maria nooooooooo ! tony ... but most of all because ... they offend thee , my God ... who art all good ... and deserve ... deserve of all my love ... miguel he be die . he know it . maria you be die , too . miguel no . the disease be cut away from I . I will live . I will live . tony I firmly resolve ... with the ... with the help ... the help of ...of thy grace ... tony collapse . a long , gurgle breath of surrender spill out of he and blood trickle from he lifeless mouth . maria tony ... tony ! the woman fold tony be corpse into she arm as though try to give it life from she own wounded body . for a long moment there be only the chug - chug - chug of the tired engine . then the woman , sense something , turn back towards miguel . his pistol be raise , aim at tony be head . maria no ! you can 't ! sarah it must be do . you know this . it must by do to keep he from ... maria it will not happen to he ! it will not happen to he ! you hear he prayer . his prayer will save he . he could never become one of ... one of that ... devil . miguel prayer have no power to save . the knife can save . it can cut the disease away . the bullet . it can shatter the brain where the evil take seed . this be saviour ... we new saviour ... we only saviour . maria we must wait . one day the curse will pass . one day a dead man will ... will ... miguel one day a dead man will refuse to return , and that man will be a saint . the first saint of we century . that 's a prayer , too . a catechism . something the priest tell we to believe . maria you can believe this , miguel . I will kill you if you shoot . we must wait . I will .... I will do it .... I will do it myself .... when it need to be do . miguel no . you will not be able to do it . he will rise . he will rise and you ... you will die . that madman 's glaze be wet in miguel be eye again . a grin curl he mouth into a odd shape . he freeze , stare , wait . sarah show concern . 30 ext . deep water ( with the fishing boat ) - night a crescent moon lie on its back . below , on the pitch black water , its reflection , a vertical stripe , break open as the boat pass through it ... chug - chug -chug . 31 ext . the fishing boat ( in deep water ) - night chico have fall asleep at the tiller . sarah be asleep as well , and so be maria . a silent shadow move over the side rail . hand reach out and grip maria be shoulder , lift she up , up from sleep . her eye flutter open . tony be face be blue-grey in the moonlight . it take the woman a second or two to recognise that he be one of the live dead . his hungry mouth lunge towards she neck . his drooling teeth sink deep . the woman scream . sarah wake with a start . miguel be already awake . he 's be watch all along . now he watch still , he pistol idle in he one good hand , he mouth curl in that strange grin , as maria be scream shatter the quiet night . at the tiller , chico see what 's happen . he fumble for the automatic rifle that 's strapped over he shoulder . a pork -chop -size chunk come out of maria' neck in the clenched teeth of the tony -creature . blood squirt upward in a five -foot arc . sarah lift she rifle from she lap . she be the first to FIRE . a instant later , chico fire as well . the head on the tony - creature be hit by rapid - FIRE load from each gun and it come apart above the eye . its body stagger stiffly into maria . she try to stand , try to pull away , scream still bubbling in she tear throat . she topple backward over the side rail . the corpse , taller and heavier , flip rigidly over , its foot kick skyward , and splashes in to the deep , black Gulf . maria , the small of she back balanced precariously on the side rail , grab at the air try to swing she weight back on board . sarah spring forward . she reach the other woman a second too late . they hand brush but do not catch . maria slip over the side . a loud splash cut off her scream . chico bring the boat about in as tight a circle as possible . he and sarah stare out over the water . the blackness out there be absolute . visibility zero . silence .... but for the chug - chug - chug of the boat 's engine . miguel slowly raise he hand and aim he pistol at a large , turtle - shape splotch of blood on the hull across the cabin , the spot where tony die . with that odd grin still on he lip , he begins to FIRE one shot at a time in deliberate , slow rhythm . the bullet punch hole through the wooden side - wall , most of they hit squarely in the blood stain . sarah look over toward chico who return she look with frighten eye . 32 ext . gasparilla's island ( EST . ) - day it look like a tropical paradise . greatly separate from the other smaller island on the horizon , its vegetation be dense and lush . there 's no sign that civilisation ever invade the place , no power line , no building . what meet the eye be all natural and invite . the fishing boat chug into a tidewater basin on the afternoon side of the island . 33 ext . the fishing boat ( in the basin ) - day chico it look uninhabited . what do you think ? miguel I think we should burn the church . kill the priest and burn the church . it 's the only way . the only way . miguel be sweat profusely yet shiver as though cold . fly be buz in a cluster around he wrapped stump . he 's over the edge now , insane . and worse than that , the infection from the original bite be spread . the amputation be not do quickly enough to prevent the parasite from racing through he vein to the brain and elsewhere . sarah turn towards the madman once she lover . her heart be too calluse for emotion to reach it . she just stare , she eye dead cold like the eye of a shark . chico I be pullin ' in . 34 ext . the island ( with the fishing boat ) - day the boat nose into a swamp water backwash . tall reed and cypress moss camouflage it completely . it 's at though the boat be sailing right onto dry land . SHOCK CUT to : 35 ext . the jungle near the inlet - day thwock ! close on a machete . the blade chop into the top of a coconut . chico drink the milk . sarah sit on a nearby rock , she rifle and a back - pack full of supplies strapped over she shoulder . miguel , he madman 's eye wide with excitement , be trot urgently from spot to spot where a spectacular specie of sub-tropical plant grow . there be hundred of they , six - foot tall and flowering . they red-gold blossom be shape like trumpet hang with they bell down . miguel datura !!! datura !!! mira . datura !!! chico what 's he say ? sarah shrug , not know . chico look down at she , empathise . chico his madness .... could be from shock . sarah no . I do not stop the infection in time . I know . ( she speak softly , matter - of - factly ) do not worry . when he die , I will not be like Maria . I will shoot he . miguel datura !!! datura !!! datura metel !!! 36 ext . the inland jungle - day the guerillero hack they way through thick undergrowth with machete . miguel be ineffectual . he lag behind the other who be do trailblaze . the sound of wildlife , excited by the intruder , fill the close , humid air , sometimes beautiful , sometimes grotesque , sometimes startling . 37 ext . a swampy area - day alligator lurk and snake slither among the reed . a fourteen foot gator open its jaw wide make a SOUND like escaping steam . chico draw he pistol but sarah reach out to grab he hand . sarah no . no shoot . not until we be sure we be alone on this island . miguel no . no , thank you . no ice . straight up , please . no ice . thank you . miguel be eye roll up into he head . his knee buckle . sarah grab he under the arm barely keep from fall face first into the muddy swamp water . chico come to help . 38 ext . the swamp - day the two drag miguel to the edge of dry land . they flop he onto he back and sarah put she canteen to he lip . miguel no ice , I say !!! nooooo ice !!! he slam he good hand against the canteen , knock it away . it plop into the marsh water , its content lose . miguel burn the church . kill the priest and burn the church . burn .... his mouth keep on shaping word but no sound come out . he squirm for a moment , then he seem to fall asleep . chico look down at he . unable to help , he move off towards solid ground and disappear in the thick brush . after a time , sarah follow after he . 39 ext . the cave entrance - day chico be at the edge of a clear when sarah reach he . his eye be wide , frighten by what they see . in the ground before they there 's a enormous iron plate , fifty foot by ten , all paint in brown and green camouflage pattern . sarah what be it ? chico I dunno . landing pad for a helicopter ? I dunno . suddenly there 's a great rumbling , like the giant gear and piston of a drawbridge be activate . the iron plate shudder and start to move , downward , into the earth . sarah and chico duck into the nearby jungle . 40 ext . the jungle near the cave entrance - day they take cover in a thicket , both they gun up and ready . other sound can be hear now , clunking sound of metal on metal , and a few heavy thud . there be also voice on the wind but they word be indistinguishable . chico it 's some kind of .... elevator . there must be something under the ground here .... maybe .... military . sarah look . 41 ext . the cave entrance ( there p.o.v . ) - day several figure be rise up in to view , a dozen , maybe fifteen . detail be obscure by foreground foliage but we can read helmet , heavy armament , pack , utility belt . the impression be of a ghostly cadre of soldier rise from hell . sarah ( o.s. ) Jesus Christ ! chico ( o.s . ) it be military . I do not believe it . 42 ext . the jungle near the cave entrance - day chico what do we do ? let them know we be here .... or what ? sarah let 's just .... wait a minute . get a better look . she move to another spot a few foot away . chico follow . 43 ext . the cave entrance ( there p.o.v . ) - day the platoon of soldier , still obscure by foliage , move off into the jungle carry a collection of paraphernalia . there be three soldier who do not move off with the other . they be stand still with they shoulder slump , they head lolling listlessly from side to side . they have the body attribute of prisoner yet there 's something menace about they . we hear a series of electronic beeps , something like computer beep , and , as though in response to that signal , the three slump figure start to walk . they move slowly , stiffly , they foot shuffle , they arm dangle lifelessly at they side . sarah ( o.s. ) oh ....oh , my God . 44 ext . the jungle near the cave entrance - day sarah be eye be wide in they socket with disbelief , revulsion , horror . beside she chico , also astonished , make the sign of the cross . sarah oh , my GOD !!! 45 ext . the cave entrance - day as we CUT in closer we see that the three slump figure be Zombies . they be wear khakis and they be armed with rifle and pistol belt . they helmet have be paint a identify bright red and they wear slipover vest dyed the same bright colour . all the other in the platoon be human . they , too , wear vest but theirs be not red but white , with large orange circle emblazon front and back . two of the man wield long electric cattle prods for use should the Zombies misbehave , but the creature , amazingly , be shambling along with the rest of the platoon voluntarily , co - operatively , even somewhat excitedly .... the kind of excitement see in a puppy that 's just learn a new trick . 46 ext . the jungle near the cave entrance - day chico it can not be . be we truly in hell ? sarah come on . stealthily the woman move along the edge of the thicket , crouching all the while . chico hesitantly follow . 47 ext . a clearing - day the mysterious platoon begin " set up " they equipment , which include tripod machine gun . two men don black rubber glove and long black laboratory apron . they strap large refrigerated carton around they neck and open the seal lid . vapour mushroom out like dry-ice vapour out of good humour wagon on a hot day . 48 ext . the jungle near the clearing - day sarah and chico watch . suddenly the huge , full -throated SOUND of a siren startles they . they look around , up into the tree . sarah spot something and point . close on a siren horn , high in the cypress , its wire run down to the brush and disappear under ground . 49 ext . the clearing - day first one come .... then two more .... three more . Zombies be shuffle out of the jungle and converge on the platoon . they seem to come from everywhere . soon there be twenty or more . most be tatter and rag but other wear vest , the same type as wear by the platoon . this be solid colour , some white , some blue . none be red and none have orange circle . as the Zombies push in closer they seem to get agitate . they start growl and reach out . the men with the cattle prods poke at the more unruly creature and zapping sound can be hear . the creature form a kind of rag queue , lining up in front of the " good humour " man . from inside they freezer carton that man produce great bloody chunks of RAW meat . the Zombies docilely take the hand - out and go lurching out of the queue , some start to eat immediately , other retreate into the cool of the jungle to enjoy a more private supper . 50 ext . the jungle near the clearing - day sarah what be that ? could that be ....? behind she , chico get the dry heave . he slam he hand into he mouth to keep from make noise . sarah no . they must have get they to accept .... other thing . they would not be feed they with .... they would not ... 51 ext . the clearing - day the man in command of the platoon be obvious , strutting around while other do the dirty work . this be captain rhode . he 's conscienceless , the low of the low , and a weasely - look guy , to boot . he watch the operation almost hope for trouble . ( he love to torture disobedient zomby . ) behind he , they automatics ready , be several troopers especially assign to protect the captain . one of this trooper be toby tyler , a good guy . toby be revulse by the scene in the clear . he drop he head , almost gag . rhode notice . rhode you will get use to this , Tyler . it 's the only way . they do not bite the hand that feed . toby look up . he can not conceal he contempt for the captain . rhode read it in he eye and be about to say something when a SOUND distract he . one of the rag - tag Zombies be run amok . the Zapper poke at the creature but that just make it angrier . rhode get that thing away from the other ! bring it here ! one trooper have a long pole with a wire noose on the end . he drop the noose over the wild zombie 's head and the wire tighten , bite into the dead flesh on the thing 's neck . the pole be long enough to control the creature while keep it out of reach . 52 ext . the jungle near the clearing - day sarah watch , repulse but fascinate . chico be still fight the heave . without warning , a zombie loom up directly behind chico . the man jump forward , terrify . he crash into sarah who spin and see the danger . two more Zombies appear . then a third . this have no vest . they be rag-tag , bad ass and hungry as hell . one of they grab sarah . she manage to pull away but behind she chico panic . he raise he rifle and ... rattatattatatt ! 53 ext . the clearing - day rhode hear the gunfire . he seem pleased . he grin . rhode we have visitor . let 's go man . he move slowly towards the thicket follow by toby tyler and several other soldier . he reach down to he belt and push one of three button on a unit that resemble a pager . electronic beeps , like the one we hear earlier , come from the unit , this time in a different pattern . the red coat Zombies respond quickly . they draw they pistol and go march off after they leader , grunt and snort like bull ape . rhode ' grin break into a wide - open laugh . rhode hah ! if only the rest of you lady would obey order the way they do . 54 ext . the jungle near the clearing - day they cover blow , sarah now raise she rifle . buddabudda !!! the second Zombie' head turn to red pulp and the thing pitch forward , dead . chico fire and the third zombie be destroyed . suddenly there be distant FIRE , from the clear . bullet whiz through the brush . the guerilleros duck for cover . 55 ext . the clearing - day the red coat Zombies , shuffle forward abreast in a line , have opened FIRE . it 's a grisly parody of foot - soldier . the creature be unsteady on they foot , they hand shake when they squeeze the stiff Army -issue triggers . bullet fly this way and that , most of they grossly off target . rhode that's it , you worm - eaten slime ! you foul - smelling , puss - face maggot ! I told you i'd find you real action , didn 't I ? you corruption ! you filth ! you 're learning ! you're getting better .... getting better ... getting better , you scum ! the trooper beside toby be another young man whose nickname be trick . he and toby exchange glance as they trudge along behind the captain and he zombie red coat . they eye tell we that they both think Rhodes to be insane , which of course he be . 56 ext . the jungle near the clearing - day sarah move to retreat but chico lift he rifle and fire wildly into the clear . chico no ! nooooo ! noooooooooooooooo !!! 57 ext . the clearing - day two of the red coat be hit , but not in the head . they brain keep function and they march on . rhode spread out , men ! OPEN FIRE ! whatever else he be , rhode seem fearless . he stand in the open as he human soldier fan out . he notice that the red coat be out of ammunition . he push another button on he belt unit and more beeps SOUND . the red coat stop in they track . they dump the spent shell from they weapon and reload use fresh round from they belt . they finger be stiff . Three bullet fall to the ground for every one that find its way into a gun chamber . the soldier have opened FIRE now . they be close in on the thicket . 58 ext . the jungle near the clearing - day chico be hit high on the right side of he chest . sarah fire a quick burst out into the clear as she try to pull the man deeper into the jungle . suddenly , from right behind sarah 's back , come a blood curdling scream . a dark figure loom up startling we all . miguel burn the church ! kill the priest ! it 's miguel , sweat , he eye sink into deep black socket . he be charge toward the clear with he automatic blazing in he one good hand . he thunder right past sarah almost knock she down . 59 ext . the clearing - day miguel break out of the thicket into clear view of the soldier . rhode see the one -arm wild man and he grin dissipate slightly . he draw he own pistol , a enormous Magnum , a elephant stopper . soldier , take by surprise , scatter , toby and trick among they . miguel' bullet draw a line across one soldier' chest . he die instantly . miguel kill the priest ! burn the church ! burn ! burn ! burn ! burn ! burn ! now miguel be hit but he keep come , he gun spitting . another soldier go down , hit in the mid section . the platoon return FIRE . miguel be hit squarely in the chest . he fall to he knee . his rifle fire a line of bullet into the earth and the kick of the gun knock he back on he ass . he sit there bewilder for a moment , then he look up to find himself directly face captain rhode . rhode lift he magnum but miguel be faster with he rifle . in the next instant the muzzle be aim straight for the captain 's stomach . rhode ' smile disappear , re-place by a sudden flush of fear . he freeze . miguel kill the priest . miguel squeeze the trigger and he weapon click sharply . it 's empty . the captain 's smile slowly return . he push the " attack " button on he belt unit . the red coat advance , they pistol reload . they FIRE , stiff -arm and fumble - finger , at miguel . he see they move towards he . something in he mind click and he recognise the creature for what they be ... walk dead . the first few bullet miss . then one hit he in he stump and reality get even clearer . he start to scream . the read coat walk closer , they dead eye show enjoyment of the sport . blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! another round hit miguel in the stomach . another crease he head . he try to stand up but he 's too weak . a bullet in the neck stop he scream . then he's hit in the heart . a ball of blood project out of he mouth and he plop onto he back , dead . the read coat keep firing until they gun be empty again . rhode calmly push the " reload " signal and the creature obey . miguel' corpse twitches for a short time , then go rigid . 60 ext . the jungle near the clearing - day sarah sink against a cypress when she see miguel die . chico , in a state of blind panic , take off along the edge of the thicket , he wound bleeding profusely . 61 ext . the jungle near the clearing - day chico break through some brush to find himself face - to- face with toby tyler' group of soldier . he stop , reverse course , and duck into a cluster of palm . one of the soldier fire . rattatattatattatatt !!! bullet rip the palm frond apart . there 's a scream and chico somersault out into view . new wound bleeding across the CENTER of he chest . 62 ext . the jungle near the clearing - day sarah realise that this be she last chance to escape . she take advantage of the confusion and the noise and bolt into the jungle at a full run . 63 ext . the jungle near the clearing - day chico be still alive . he fumble for he holstered pistol but before he can draw it three troopers be on top of he . trick tromp a boot on he hand . toby tyler aim he rifle squarely at he sweat brow . chico yes ...yes , do it ... please ... you can not let I die this way ... please . destroy I . a bullet ... in the head ... I do not want to become ... one of ... one of they . toby look down at the man , at he terrible wound , clearly fatal one . toby click a shell into the fire chamber of he rifle . his finger be just slide under the trigger shield when captain rhode stride up behind he . rhode take he weapon , Tyler . toby be startle by the voice at he back . he turn towards the captain , then he look back down at the guerillero , hesitate .. rhode take he gun , ass hole . he still have the strength to pull a trigger . reluctantly toby obey , reach down for chico' pistol . chico please ...senor ... destroy I ... one bullet ... please . rhode maybe . we will have a little talk first . then ....maybe ... I can help you out . string he up . the third soldier reach down and grab the wounded guerillero under the arm . trick stoops to help . chico scream in agony when he be move . toby lunge in to help the other , think to ease the man 's pain . rhode they can handle it , Tyler . you have be buckin ' for a shit detail lately so here 's one you be gonna love . we have get two dead . cut the head off and get the body underground to the refrigerator . fast . it 's a hot day . toby grimace but do not speak . he turn and move briskly towards the clear . rhode watch he go . 64 ext . the clearing - day toby near the spot where miguel lie sprawle in a pool of blood . rhode call from the edge of the thicket . rhode Tyler . just we man . not he . toby look down at the remain of the one - armed guerillero . rhode his head stay where it be . he and I never really have the chance to get acquainted . when he come back ... I will get another shot at it ... ha ha ha ha ... 65 ext . the clearing - day close on chico . he 's dangle from a rope which be tie over a tall tree , he foot ten foot off the ground . Zombies wander here and there . they have all receive they ration . the picnic be break up now . occasionally one of they get surly but it do not amount to anything . soldier stand ready with electric prods , other with gun . paraphernalia be be pack away . men carry equipment in the direction of the elevator . rhode walk up beneath where chico be hang . he 's careful not to step in too close . he do not want to get any dripping blood on he uniform . chico please .... shoot I . rhode and if I do not ? if I do not you will come back after you death . you will come back and find yourself hang there ... want to eat ... need to eat human flesh . you hate that think , do not you ? that 's the ultimate sin for most of you fool , be not it ? chico be weep now . with a find spurt of energy he struggle against the rope . no use . it only bring pain . rhode after hang up there a few day you will be mad for food ... craze ! you will lust for it ! you will be worse than any of they ! chico no ... nooooooo ... shoot I ! shoot I ! shooooooooot meeeeeeeee !!! rhode I will bargain with you . how many of you be on the island ? chico two of we ... only two of we ...me ... and he . ( he nod towards miguel' corpse . ) rhode I do not believe you , rebel . where be you headquarters ? on the mainland ? chico the mainland ... be dead ... a dead place ... nobody there ... rhode where be you headquarters , rebel ? tell I or I will let you hang there forever ... forever ! chico there be no ... headquarters . there be no ... rebel . only the walk dead . do not you see . they have win . rhode then why do you come here ? chico to look ... look for a place ... a place to live in ... a empty place ...a... new ... place ... rhode how do you know we be on this island ? do other know ? will other come ? chico nooooo . believe I . there be no other ... no rebel ...nobody ... it 's over ... it 's ooooo .... the man collapse , unconscious . 66 ext . the clearing - day close on the disembodied head of one of the dead soldier . trick be drop the thing into a large plastic bag which obviously already contain the second head . toby wrap the mouth of the bag and begin to walk off . rhode stop he . rhode where be you go , Tyler ? toby my ... " detail " , sir . we be go to bury the head . rhode no time for that . I will take care of they . toby just .... follow procedure , sir . they be entitle to burial . rhode I say , I will take care of they . just leave they there . go help with the rest of the gear . rhode have it in for toby ( we will find out why later ) , and of course the feel be mutual . toby set the bag down on the ground and , seethe , he trot off towards the rest of the platoon . trick follow . after a moment , rhode motion with he head . the soldier with the long noose pole step into view with the captive zombie , the one that run amok earlier . the man follow rhode towards the jungle , drag the gurgle creature along , the wire noose digging into the thing 's neck . 67 ext . the jungle near the clearing - day close : as rhode ' glove hand jam a hand grenade into the captive zombie be gape mouth . the soldier with the pole release the noose and the two man take off , run . 68 ext . the clearing - day they run to the middle of the clear where they turn around to watch . rhode lift a pair of binoculars that be strapped around he neck . he stare through the lense , focus , grin . 69 ext . the jungle near the clearing - day through the binoculars : we see the zombie staggering in the bush , claw desperately at the thing jamme in its mouth . 70 ext . the clearing - day toby and trick be the only one who seem to notice what rhode have do . toby drop the crate he be go to carry off . he stare in disbelief , hatred on he face . 71 ext . the jungle near the clearing - day wide shot as the head of the zombie disintegrate when the grenade explode . 72 ext . the clearing - day rhode grin as he watch the spectacle . suddenly , a loud gunshot startles the captain . he drop the binocular and spin around . he see ... ... chico' body dangling on the rope . chico' head be bloody . he 's dead ... and will not come back to life . he 's be shot through the brain . rhode who fire that shot ? who fire that shot ? soldier stand around dumbly . that with rifle in they hand quickly sling they onto they shoulder . they be all afraid of the captain 's wrath . rhode walk towards the line of man with fury in he eye . rhode goddammit , somebody 's gonna tell I who fire that shot or I will have every last one of you chop up for feed !!! his eye spot toby , stand behind the crate he drop earlier , he rifle sling . rhode step up here , Tyler . toby Sir ! toby shout the word like a West Point cadet and he bravely step forward . rhode stare he down , he anger turn sinister . rhode you fire that shot , do not you ? toby no , sir . rhode let I see you weapon . toby hand over he rifle . rhode feel the barrel , sniff it . rhode it 's be fire . toby in the battle , sir . rhode be sure he 's find the guilty man and he 's glad it turn out to be he favourite whipping boy . his body relax visibly . rhode it may be that none of this chicken -shit will talk while the whole troop be present ... but I know some of this man well . I be sure that a few private conversation will tell I what I already know . you may have earn yourself some time in the stalag , Tyler . ( Rhodes glance over at chico be body ) cut he down . that 's another head for you to chop off . leave it with the other . take the rest of he body down to the freezer . move it , shit hill . toby move off . rhode ' grin return . CUT to : 73 int . the cave entrance - evening there 's that giant SOUND again , the rumble of the elevator . we be inside the place call the cave , in a huge under - ground concrete bunker . technician and armed guard bustle around . enormous hydraulic piston be bring the camouflage iron plate down from the surface . Riding on board , rhode and he platoon prepare to unload they paraphernalia . 74 ext . the jungle - evening sarah , sweat , exhaust , bleeding from cut make by jungle branch , wring out a piece of cloth tear from she sleeve . she have dip it into a jungle stream . cautiously she taste the water , decide to chance it and squeeze the cloth into she mouth . the night bird suddenly stop they sing and the quiet make sarah look up . stand across the stream , only ten foot away , be a particularly grotesque zombie . vulture stand on the marshy ground beside the creature 's leg , there sharp beak picking bloody hole in its ankle and feet . sarah jump to she foot , fight back exhaustion one more time . she unsling she rifle , aim it , then think better of fire . grabbing up she supply pack she run into the darken jungle . 75 ext . the jungle - evening wham ! two big hand grab sarah by she shoulder . she start to scream but one of that hand shoot up to cover she mouth . JOHN it 's alright . it 's alright . do not be afraid . we be friend . sarah look into the strong , good face of JOHN , a tall muscular man , a Caribbean islander with shiny black skin and enormous brown eye that seem instantly trustworthy . JOHN there be soldier near here . Guards . I will take my hand away if you will not scream . sarah nod and JOHN let she go . there be two other human stand behind the big man . there 's bill mcdermott , wear the grease - cover jump -suit of a mechanic and swilling generous shot of brandy from a hip flask , and there 's a smallish woman with a sensitive face who , apparently out of character , be armed to the tooth . she 's a deaf mute , nickname spider , and she be urgently signing " come on ! let 's get outa here ! " with she hand . JOHN right . we better get away from that bee . he might have friend . the group start move . sarah follow voluntarily . we notice that all three stranger be wear the same pullover vest that we see on the foot soldier , the one with big orange circle . 76 ext . the jungle - evening the group trudge through thick brushland , occasionally need to chop a path with they blade . JOHN speak in low tone as they move . JOHN be . that 's what we call the dead ... the walk dead ... here on gasparilla 's island . sarah gasparilla ? JOHN he be a pirate who sail this water long ago . his name be bein ' borrow this day by the long lose Henry dickerson . sarah Governor dickerson ? of Florida ? JOHN that 's the man . he 's be hole up here ever since the shit hit the fan . him and he family own this island ' round here . they be leasin ' this one to the fed . the whole underneath be dig out . there be missile here and laboratory and bomb proof housing , nuclear power , all o' that . now this be dickerson 's .... gasparilla 's ... private fortress . him and a bunch o' he croney from all the best golf course in tallahassee ... and he private army , of course . sarah we run up against a platoon of soldier . there be actually walk dead ... in uniform ... with gun . JOHN Captain Rhodes and he Red coat be . they could sting , sister . we know you come up against them . we be watchin ' you since you land . could not help . I be sorry for that . we be not suppose to be outside . if we be spot it could .... well , it could be the end of everything . spider be signing for everyone to be quiet . they all stop in they track . bill mcdermott swig some more brandy . with the stealth of a mohican spider push aside the branch of a giant oleander and peer through . 77 ext . entrance two - evening there 's a hatchway in sight build into a concrete , bunker like structure . four or five soldier be come up out of the ground . they be armed with prods and rifle . behind the man , lurching on unsteady foot , come a half - dozen of the live dead , all wear vest of white and blue . behind the lumber creature come a woman and a man both wear white laboratory coat and carry clipboard . the woman be mary henried , one of the top behaviouralist in the cave . ( we will learn a lot more about she later . ) the Zombies be push through the undergrowth right in the direction of sarah and she friend . sarah show some alarm at this but JOHN calm she with a strong hand . spider have see the approach danger . she silently draw a farmer' sickle from she belt . ( with she other hand she draw a pistol for good measure . ) bill mcdermott unarm , nervously take another swallow from he flask . the Zombies be get closer . too close for comfort . finally , mary henried and the other turn and disappear into the bunker . the last man down pull the hatch shut . the moment the coast be clear , spider and JOHN jump up from cover . the other follow they lead . but it 's too late . the Zombies have spot they . the creature begin to growl and make agitate , ape - like sound . spider bring she blade up chest -high , ready to repel a attack . sarah lift she own machete but JOHN reach over and take it away from she . JOHN give that to I . get behind I . stay behind I . ( sarah resist , not understanding , somewhat insulted . ) you be not wearin ' a vest . they be teach not to touch the one with the circle . there be not no hundred percent , all - a- time rule with the be , but most - a- time they leave we alone . the colour on they vest tell ya how much schoolin ' they get . it 's the one without colour you gotta watch out for . sarah get behind JOHN , he orange circle act as she shield . he reach around with one strong arm and pull she in tight against he back . the Zombies , snarling and show tooth , move through the thicket . one shuffles right past spider and mcdermott . it get stick in the bramble , change course and move on without attack . another zombie , a " white " , trudge within arm 's reach of JOHN , growl all the while . suddenly it reach its arm out and take two angry step towards the human who back away . the Zombies charge . thing happen quickly . JOHN push sarah away and swing the machete . the blade sink into the creature skull . blackened blood fly . a instant later spider' sickle punch in beside the big knife . the zombie twitches for a moment , its eye roll , then it fall , lifeless , to the ground . mcdermott trot up beside sarah . he take a huge swallow from he flask then offer some to she . she put the flask to she lip but nothing come . she hold it out , neck down , to show that it 's empty . mcdermott sorry . guess I do not know my own strength . JOHN wipe sarah' machete on some thick leave , clean off most of the gore , then he return the weapon to the woman . sarah thanks . I can fight my own battle . JOHN I know you can . like I say , we be watchin ' you . mcdermott we better get as far away from here as we can . we can work the other side of the island tonight . JOHN ( explain ) we find nine entrance to the cave so far , and we be not get the whole thing near chart yet . that 's what we be doin ' out here today . huntin ' for entrance . mcdermott come on . they find a bee do like this and they will know somebody 's be out walkin ' where they should not have be . JOHN bow he head over the down zombie . he mumble softly . we can not hear the word but we can tell that he 's praying , recite the good word over the corpse of the " white - coat " . sarah the man I be with ... until today ... believe that praying be for blind man who could not see the truth . JOHN how we gonna break the curse without a prayer or two . sarah curse ? JOHN what be it if it be not a curse ? sarah it 's a disease . it 's a... a bug ... a parasite that infect the brain . JOHN that sound like a curse to I . sarah we think we be escape here . we think we would find a uninhabited island . Christ ! this place be a worse nightmare than anything I have see yet ! JOHN I be sure that 's true , miss . and that 's why we be doin ' what we be doin ' . what 's happenin ' underground here be just what lucifer plan for this sinful race o' man . but we be gonna beat lucifer . we be gonna put a end to what 's happenin ' here . sarah oh , what do I run into ? a bunch o' Jesus nut ? religiosos ? prayer will not stop a bullet from one of that storm trooper and prayer will not keep one of that monster from eatin ' you liver for lunch . JOHN that 's why we do not use prayer on this here white coat ' till after he be destroy . we ready to fight when we have to . and we gotta fight now . sarah look. I be fightin ' , mister . I be fightin ' for what feel like a hundred year and I be finish . I do not need religion . I do not need prayer . I need a couple gun and a couple hand . we can sail on outa here . find another island where there be not so much .... traffic . JOHN you think you can find you boat ? there 's a thousand little inlet and backwater all through here . you remember all the way you turn to get where you be now ? you leave yourself a trail ? sarah be stop by this . she stare at the big man suspiciously , not sure whether to believe he . JOHN we do not see the exact spot but we know about where you land . but we be not ready to take you there . not yet . you see ... we need gun , too . sarah look around she at the unlikely band of guerilla . she think for a moment ... not very long ... then she turn and start off into the jungle . sarah I can find it myself . I do not come that far . JOHN farther than you think . you will get lose . you will . and there 's be all through the jungle . I be not lyin ' to ya . religiosos do not lie . sarah no . they just try to hold you for ransom . fuck you , mose ! I be outa here ! sarah plunge into the brush and without so much as a look back over she shoulder she disappear . mcdermott we can not let she go , John . JOHN we do not need she gun that bad . billy boy . ( he 's joke . ) mcdermott the hell we do not ! but that 's not what I mean . she will be dead in ten minute out there alone . that or she will be firin ' off she automatics and wakin ' up the troops . JOHN we will split up . billy , you go with spider . just a hour or two tonight , that 's all . Rhodes might have extra guard on after all the commotion . we will meet up at number six and go back home together . mcdermott God save we . and I with I flask dry . I will never make it . the group split up , move off in two different direction through the darken underbrush . 78 ext . somewhere in the jungle - night darkness have fall . the jungle be as black as the background on a velvet painting . sarah be move cautiously . she bump into something , jump back , she machete high , and freeze . cautiously she move ahead ... one step ... another ... another ... splash !!! she step down off a hide ledge into a knee -deep river . she manage to keep she balance but she machete fall into the water and drop to the bottom invisible in the dark silt . slowly she bend down and reach into the water . a snake swim past just inch away . sarah recoil . before she can reach down again she hear a loud , animal snort follow by a great splashing SOUND . then another . she squint to see . shape approach on the black water . alligator , big one , just they very top show as they move on a straight course toward the woman . she back up feel for the shore , for the ledge behind she . the first zombie grab her shoulder . she spin and see the thing . it have one eye dangle out of its socket and there 's a break - off length of wooden pole stick clean through its torso just under the leave breast . sarah smashes she rifle butt into the thing be head . again . again . it keep come . ( so do the gator . they be get to within a few yard . ) sarah swing a fourth time . the zombie grab she rifle . she pull with all she might and the creature , hang on to the gun , topple off the ledge and into the water . when sarah start to climb up on the ledge , another zombie lurch towards she from dry land . she spin around , look for option . the gator be just about close enough to bite she ass and the zombie that fall into the river be rise up again , cover with moss and slime and look piss . sarah face the zombie on the bank . she have no choice . she aim she automatic . she 's just about to fire when something flash out of the darkness . it 's a machete . it cleave OPEN the Zombie' skull . from out of the night big JOHN appear . he struggle to free he blade from the dead creature 's head . sarah scramble up onto the muddy ledge . the gator be still move in and the zombie , its moss - cover arm reach out rigidly like the arm of frankenstein 's monster , be growl ferociously ( almost swallow its own dangle eyeball in the process ) . sarah be you gonna pause to say word over the dead this time or can we be on we way ? without answer , JOHN steam off through the bush pull sarah along behind he , he big hand tight around she arm . 79 int . the cave - night close on : a television screen . first there be only video noise , then a image blink onto the screen . montage : other video screen on monitor in various place throughout the huge underground facility . Zombies watch the screen gather in group of four , six and eight , like child in rank class . the screen show scene of Zombies take food from human in orange circle vest . gun be point at orange circle then lower harmlessly . gun be point at human without orange circle and fire . the image repeat and repeat and repeat . the Zombies watch the scene with dumb curiosity . 80 int . communication CENTER in the cave - night this be the central area for all variety of communication . there be radio console , both intercom and outgo , there be video control panel and there be large computer terminal . reflecting the panic to set up operation back when the disaster first strike , much of the equipment be place haphazardly and not build in . wire run every which way , bare antennas and loose connector clutter the place . engineer scurry with tool box constantly repair , patching , trouble shoot . most of the personnel be technician but there be a group of scientific type , obvious in they white lab coat . among this be mary henried , who we catch a glimpse of outside entrance two . at a security station , a guard notice something on one of he own video screen which monitor key location inside the cave . guard there 's activity in the dormitory ! mary and one of she assistant , julie grant , a young girl , move over to the video console . one screen there show what look like a prison corridor . cell with heavily barred door run down both side . we can see the distinct movement of shadow in the corridor . mary react instantly step over to a intercom and press a send - button . voice ( o.s. - filter ) Gate twenty - three . mary this be Mary henried . do anyone enter the dormitory ? voice ( o.s. - filter ) yes , mar be . Captain Rhodes . mary click off , infuriate . she hurry towards a exit follow by julie grant . 81 int . the dormitory in the cave - night close on : the mouth of a large plastic bag . a hand wear a black leather glove pull a human head out of a bag by its hair . it 's the head of one of the dead soldier from rhode 's platoon . the hand belong to rhode himself . in the darkness of a cell , a red coat Zombies take a hesitant step forward . rhode try to shove the head through the bar but it stick . when rhode let go it stay there , wedge at shoulder height . rhode take it , friend . take it . it 's a present . from I to you . the red coat step forward and lay its hand on the head . rhode just remember who give you favour . the zombie pull hard and the head pop through onto its side of the bar . the creature lurch off towards a cot in the shadow at the rear of the cell where it hunker down and begin to ravish the head , tearing flesh off , eating it hungrily . on the cell door we notice a plaque with a number ( 5 ) and , write in marker , the Red coat 's nickname , " bluto " . rhode move past other cell , each hold a nicknamed red coat . grumpy stand way back in the shadow . tonto stand near the bar , growl . fatso be sway back and forth like a chubby five year old who need to pee . rhode stop at a cell mark " bub ! " . Inside we see a silhouette , tall , erect , not move a muscle . rhode grin . rhode well , bub . I have hear about you . miss henried 's pride and joy . rhode step closer and bub snarl warningly . rhode surly sonofabitch . I want to make friend , bub. Friends . I have one more goodie in my sack here . a loud , clanging SOUND interrupt . rhode turn to see . 82 int . the dormitory - night mary henried and julie grant have enter through a steel door with electronic lock . the Zombies send up a chorus of moan and growls . the woman start down the corridor check cell as they pass . suddenly they stop in they track , they horrify eye stare into a cell mark " samson ! " . samson be nibble on another head . much of the flesh be already go , but we can still recognise ... chico . the zombie turn the thing up - side -down , reach way inside , through the neck , and pull out grey matter . julie back away , fight nausea . a spasm rise in mary stomach as well and she reel away from the hideous sight . rhode come , come , miss Science . you have see worse . mary God .... damn you , Rhodes ! rhode God have damned we all . be my atrocity worse than yours ? mary you have ruin week of work here ! we have be try to wean this specimen onto alligator meat ! rhode no wonder they be so .... hungry . suddenly julie scream , she hand fly to she mouth . the plastic bag be still dangle from rhode ' glove hand . Inside , press into the thin plastic , we can see the rough outline of the final head . the thing be squirming cause the whole bag to wiggle . rhode drop the bag instantly to the floor . take care , he grab the bottom by a loose corner and pull up hard . the head roll out and settle against a wall . it's eye be OPEN and darting crazily , its mouth be chewing , grotesquely , on the AIR . mary stare in shock . julie run towards the exit , try to scream but gag on she own acid . she 's hysterical . rhode calmly draw he pistol , cock , and fire . the squirming head be shatter by the powerful bullet . 83 int . mary office in the cave - night a 9 by 12 cubicle with a SMALL computer terminal , a desk and three chair . there 's a lightbox on the wall display group of cranial X -ray . mary guide julie grant into a chair . rhode stand cockily in the open doorway . julie I do not realise ! that be de -cap ! I do not know that .... de- cap ... revive ! rhode any dead whose brain be intact will revive . julie but ... we bury the head . oh. God ! it must be torture for they ! rhode they be brute without feel . though I admit that I have request cremation for myself . burial be a archaic tradition , even more ridiculous now than it ever be . to say nothing of the ... space problem ... on a small island like this . julie I think the purpose of decapitation be to ...to ... rhode the purpose of decapitation be to preserve as much ... food ... as possible . the purpose for feed be to keep the beast on we side . the fact that they can be teach to clean up we garbage or to fire a gun be a convenient side benefit , not the primary goal . the primary goal be to keep ourselves from become they supper . keep they feed and they behave . keep they hungry and they revert back to be the animal that they have always be . you see they in there . mary you give they a fresh taste of blood ! rhode they will never be satisfied with anything else , miss henried . they want human flesh . I be prepare to take whatever step be necessary to see to it they do not get mine ! not while I be still use it ! julie have calm herself down . now she feel angry , betrayed . she look at mary accusingly . julie do you know ? about the de-cap ? mary I would never see it before . julie but you know . mary nod in the affirmative . tear form in julie be eye . julie what else be there , doctor ? what else do you people know that the rest of we do not ? they stare at one another . whatever bond once exist between they have be severe forever . 84 int . a conditioning room in the cave - night there be cardiograph , e.e.g. monitor , and all sort of physical conditioning device . on table lie symbology card and coloured block for dexterity testing . there be large CUT - out shape on the wall , triangles , square and familiar orange circle . mary storm into the room fling the door shut behind she . rhode catch it with he black leather gestapo boot . rhode you can not run away from the planet , miss Science . you can not even run away from the island , heh heh . mary leave I alone , you ... cocksucker !!! rhode laugh loudly . mary face he , hatred boil away she vocabulary . she can not think of word that be adequate . mary you're .... you be disgusting ! you be .... filth ! rhode and you be the one who build the bomb and they say , ' I hope it will never actually be use ' . mary be stop ... by she own guilt . she turn and busy herself gather book and papers , then she click off a light and move toward the doorway where rhode stand . mary ( calmer , with method ) Julie grant be a behaviouralist . she 's not medical . she have not be as ... expose to ...to thing ... as some of the rest of we . she will be alright . I will talk to she . she will be alright . rhode oh , I have no doubt . mary ( recognise threat in he voice ) if you put she on the shit list because of she reaction here tonight I will go to dickerson . rhode ah , yes , we noble gasparilla do seem to favour you lately . I understand he assign you a roommate of you choice . the rest of we have to pick name out of a hat . mary ( read he jealousy ) Rhodes , you and I have a roll in the hay together when I first get here . it be a wholly unsatisfy experience which I do not want to , and which I never will repeat ! so give up , mister ! I be go home ... to that roommate you mention . mary push past rhode into the hallway . 85 int . the hallway outside the conditioning room - night mary start down the hall but rhode grab she from behind . he lean in close , lust , press he lip against the back of she neck . mary take you hand off I ! right now ! a evil grin return to rhode ' flushed face . he stare at the woman for a long moment , then he let go . mary walk away , bristle . rhode call after she . rhode maybe you will change you mind when it start get too lonely for you . mary stop dead . she turn back to see he gloat . rhode I be not entirely without influence myself , miss Science . I have you roommate assign ... by gasparilla ... to my platoon . what 's he name ? Tyler ? yes. Toby Tyler . a bubble of fear push up in mary throat but she be only let she anger show . her stare be fierce , she eye dagger . rhode I have a unfortunate little run - in with he today . in fact ... you might say that Mr. Tyler be in big trouble with the ... authority . mary you better not mess with I , Rhodes . I would love to serve you ball to that Red coat for lunch ! think about it ! rhode no , miss Science . you be the one who need to do some think . he turn and walk away . mary stand still for a time , the SOUND of rhode ' clicking bootheel surround she , swallow she . in the deep background we can hear the moan of the cage dead . 86 int . the central chamber of the cave - night montage : as mary walk through huge OPEN area carve out of natural rock . we be stunne at the enormity of the place . jeep and truck rumble back and forth . storage area hold mountain of crate , carton , water and gas canister . fork lift shift load from here to there . mary come to a place where the natural rock surrender to man-made wall . she enter past two security guard , show she i.d . 87 int . the residence - night mary move down a corridor with numbered door on both side . we hear the SOUND of life , music blasting , voice laughing , arguing , crying . people move by . a man and a woman be fight . she slap he , he punch she , she kick he in the ball . three hookers pound on a door . the door be open by a naked man wearing a dildo on he nose . other men , behind he , laugh wildly as the hooker enter they smoke - fill room . mary stop in she track when she see that outside a door numbered 83 ( the door to she quarter ) there be two of rhode ' soldier with rifle in hand . the door itself be open and shadow move inside . mary turn quickly , before she be spot , and start back through the hallway . as she turn a corner she be grab by toby tyler . mary Toby ... thank God ... wait here . I gotta find out what 's goin ' on . toby hey . slow down . what be it ? mary some of Rhodes ' man . at the door . toby that bastard . I do not think he would make he move so fast . mary it 's because of I . toby oh , bullshit , Mary . it 's because Rhodes be a prick . mary I want you to leave . then maybe ... toby we be both gonna leave . leave the island . I have be talkin ' to trick . we think we can smuggle out one of that inflatable raft . they be crate up real small . they have get air canister . there 's food inside . even a little motor . mary I be not ... a guerilla fighter , Toby . I be not a pioneer . I be not ... I be not strong that way . I need ... toby need what ? civilise order like we have down here ? Christ ! mary I can work here . maybe my work can help ... help everyone . I can do more good with access to this equipment than I can off in some wasteland . toby for the good of mankind . that 's what every monster - maker say . mary look into toby be eye . she 's hurt , yet angry . the kind of anger that come involuntarily when somebody strike a already sensitive guilt - nerve . toby we be gettin ' out . I and trick . I want you to come with we . I want that more than anything . I will send word . I will let you know a time and a place to meet . we probably will not be able to wait around so if you be not there on the dot ... well ... if you be not there , I will know you be not comin ' . she grab he , hold he tightly against she . they kiss , hard and long . toby pull away , look at she lovingly , then turn and start toward the guard apartment . mary follow . toby ( walk ) I do not know what they be gonna do to I . I figure they will just send I out to stalag seventeen but if ... if it 's worse than that ... trick will know . stay in touch with trick . as they approach the door to number 83 , the soldier there raise they rifle to ready position . soldier you Tyler ? toby yes . soldier you be under arrest . I will take you weapon . toby hand over he rifle and begin to unbuckle he pistol belt . two more soldier appear from inside the open apartment . mary what 's he suppose to have do ? what be the charge ? soldier dunno , mar be . we be on order . mary look ... I be Mary henried . I be with the special conditioning center . I be not without influence ... toby ( calmly ) Mary . mary I will have somebody 's ass for this . I will have you ass , soldier . I be not gonna stand here and ... toby ( more insistent ) mary ! she give up . she look into toby be eye . toby I will be alright . just remember the thing I say . take care of yourself . the soldier escort toby down the hall without force . mary watch they back for a time , then she fling she book and paper angrily into the open apartment . she begin to cry . 88 ext . entrance number six - night hatchway number six be surround by protective fencing and , from it , a fenced alleyway run off through the brush toward ... we do not know what yet . the hatch open and toby , along with two other prisoner , also disarm trooper , be lead down that alleyway by three guard . JOHN , sarah and bill mcdermott peer out from nearby foliage . they watch the procession . John whisper . JOHN the fence make a safe pathway to stalag seventeen . that 's where we live . that 's where you gonna live , too . Hell 's half acre . it 's not a nice place . they boy there be prisoner . what 's they punishment ? they send out to the stalag for a few week . that 's punishment enough . spider seem to appear from nowhere . she motion and the other follow she through the thick jungle . 89 ext . entrance to stalag seventeen - night the running fence lead to a gate in a bigger fence . this one be electrified . we know this because we see a collection of Zombies , mostly " civilian " with no vest , clamber there , hand and face sparking when they touch the chain link . the Zombies send up wild moan and gurgle when toby and the other prisoner be lead through the gate . Inside the compound be a scatter of OPEN - side military tent - building , resembling that on m*a*s*h . there 's a din come off the place , a mixture of music and voice that form a disturb blanket of noise . the place seem to seethe like a hornet ' next . the soldier head back for the cave as posted guard shut the gate behind the prisoner . toby and the other captive move toward the " village " . 90 ext . stalag seventeen MAIN STREET - night people wallow in the mud . one man have just take a shit and be wiping he ass . nearby a drunk lie unconscious . several men be fight . it 's a brutal fight with bottle and pipe and lengths of chain . the man be really hurt each other . people smoke and snort and shoot up in wide open disarray . a huge pregnant woman plant herself right in toby be path . pregnant woman how ' bout it , baby . I be big but I be beautiful . toby push past she and bump into a surly drunk . drunk hey , you fuck ! you fuck ! he grab toby and fling he violently against a upright on one of the long hut . the other two prisoner move on , abandon toby , disappear into the crowd . the drunk pull a rusted , home -made knife . drunk I oughta slice you up , you fuck ! you can't push I around like ... push I around ... like ... suddenly vomit rise in the man 's throat and he double over . toby be aware of sound behind he . at he back , in the hut , a hairy fat man , still wear he boxer short and he muddy boot , be wham - bam - bam a whore , who be wear everything but underwear and boot . there be needle track on the woman 's arm and she face look as though she 's be beat brutally . she purse she deep red , damage lip and blow toby a kiss that 's mean to be seductive . toby move on down the street . the place be a cesspool full of human dregs , stinking with refuse , fill with the fury and desperation of man in he last day . 91 ext . entrance to stalag seventeen - night JOHN lead he follower to within sight of the stalag gate . Zombies still claw at the electrified fence . blue - white SPARKS fill the air like flashbulb . JOHN this be home , darlin' . Home for we that do not make the grade . we that be not ... good enough to live inside the cave . we grow a little food , do a little light manufacturin' ... like this here vest , we make this for the masser . we live in we own filth , with bug and snake and disease and jungle fever ... all the time waitin ' to become breakfast for the be . JOHN be do a sale job on sarah but everything he say be truth . she hear it all , soften to JOHN be cause . spider have silently lift a large wooden round out of the weed . it 's a camouflage tunnel entrance . JOHN it 's a tunnel . it 's a couple hundred yard . just keep goin ' ' till you reach the end . I will be right behind you . sarah start down into the hole . JOHN and the other prepare to follow . jungle sound cover the noise they make . 92 int . the hospital in stalag seventeen - night we see rows of home -made cot , each with a body lie on top . what face we see be gaunt , show the boil and lesion of consumptive disease and tropical fever . insect buzz and there be thunder in the air . a Oriental orderly , lukey , move through the maze of body . he lift the wrist of a woman who look dead and he discover that she be dead indeed . he hurry off . 93 int . hospital operating room - night this be a room with wall , a operate room with jury - rigged appointment . on a table , under a half - dozen light bulb , lie a corpse . another orderly , a Nordic type name diesel , a enormous man , assist while doctor logan methodically saws off the corpse's head . lukey rush in out of breath . lukey Doc Logan ! Doc Logan ! dere 's a lady dead out dere ! gotta hurry ! gotta hurry ! dunno how long she be that way ! maybe she gettin ' ready to come back . the corpse's head roll away from its body . doc logan pick up a electric drill with a long bit . whzzzzzzzzz ! he drive the spinning bit into the disembodied head , deep into its brain . when he pull it out , matter fly as the motor wind down . logan be a middle age man . he look exhaust , demoralise , a bit mad . and he look as ill as some of he patient . there be OPEN sore on he face and he have not shave for day . he 's cover with two week worth of blood stain . he start around the table leave diesel to dispose of the " do - cap " . logan bury the head . call the guard for the rest . get it off the table for now . we will bring this new one in . diesel do not respond right away . he 's hear something . logan what be it ? diesel the tunnel . logan hear it now , a scratching , scuffling SOUND . he look at he watch . logan God . it 's almost sun-up . logan and lukey move to a spot at the back of the room . they remove several of the plank in the floor . sarah be head pop out , gasp for air . Logan recoil , he eye wide and frighten . logan who be you ? who be you ? he stand up too quickly . dizziness make he reel . he smashes into a instrument cart , come up with a long -bladed scalpel and hold the thing threateningly aim at the stranger . JOHN it 's ok . it 's ok , Doc . she 's with we . in the next moment , sarah and the other climb out of the tunnel . JOHN this here 's the hospital . that 's diesel over there , the big guy . this here 's lukey and that 's Doc Logan who 's about to cut you tonsils out . spider , the last one to climb into the room , quickly begin collect weapon , what few the rebel have . JOHN this here 's all the weapon we get . that 's why you fancy automatic look so good to we . we gotta stick it over here with the other for now . they catch we with any kind o' weapon and its death without even askin ' you name . sarah let spider take she gun . the deaf mute sign something which sarah can not decipher . JOHN ammunition . you get ammunition in you pack there ? I hope you do or the gun be not worth much . sarah root through she supply pack and produce three load clip and several box of loose shell . JOHN notice some tin of food , medicine , a knife , a compass ... JOHN we better just hide the whole pack , darlin' . that stuff be just shoutin ' out that it come from the mainland . the shit we get be all C.D. ration . aspirin and cracker from 1958 . spider snatch the pack away rather roughly . sarah be a little disturb by the action . the material be stashed under floor board beside the tunnel entrance . JOHN let 's go . you look like you could use some shut eye . I too . we can all get acquainted tomorrow . lukey escort JOHN and sarah out of the operate room into the main hospital area . bill mcdermott pull out he empty flask . mcdermott Doc , I need a fill up . I will help m'self if it 's alright with you . logan nod distractedly and bill move to a supply cabinet which contain , among other essential , several bottle of brandy . he fill he flask eagerly . logan how do we know she 's alright ? how do we know ? mcdermott she 's alright . Christ , Rhodes and he cossack wipe out she whole party . Dan near get she . mcdermott pocket the refill flask , take a long slug from the cabinet bottle before put it back , and move out of the room . logan be leave alone with diesel and spider . logan how do we know she 's alright ? how do we know ? logan repeat he question , intone identically as it be before . he 's twitching slightly and sweat be pour down he face . the thunder suddenly seem louder . diesel be you alright , Doc ? you look ... you look real bad . logan I have look bad for four year . everyone in the world have look bad for four year . thank God look do not matter as much as they once do . logan , a wild gleam in he eye , move out of the room , follow where the other go , that long -bladed scalpel still clutch in he hand . the other follow . 94 int . the hospital - night JOHN , sarah and lukey be face out across the compound . a teeming tropical rain have start to fall . JOHN this just be not you day , be it , darlin' Sarah . sarah can not help but snicker . suddenly she head spin exhaustion be conquer she body as last . JOHN put a big arm around she . JOHN Three more minute . then you can sleep . you gotta stay with it for three more minute . mcdermott join they and the group move out into the rain . lukey waddle back through the maze of cot . logan , spider and diesel have move to about the center of the big room . the patient around they , they eye bulg , look like lemur . logan how do we know she 's alright ? how do we know ? the same intonation again . this guy 's wrapping be definitely come loose . the zombie rise up behind logan be back . it 's the woman whose wrist lukey check earlier . its tooth be drip with drool , its hand reach out wantingly . logan turn around . calmly , but with the swiftness of a rattlesnake , he shoot out the hand that 's hold the scalpel . the blade sink deeply into the Zombie' forehead . logan pull it out and strike again , and again , and again , like a swordsman thrust , thrust , thrust . finally the creature collapse . logan wipe the scalpel on he already blood - cover apron . rain water drop onto he from hole in the roof above . he do not seem to notice . 95 ext . stalag seventeen MAIN STREET ( rain ) - night the STREET scene be tone down due to the late hour and the rain , but just as vile , just as vicious . JOHN and mcdermott escort sarah . JOHN speak softly , and only when other on the street be far enough away . JOHN they supply we with disinfectant and dope . sex , drug and rock -and -roll . what more could anyone ask for ? most around here be not interested in changin ' they life . the folk you meet ... I and they and a couple other be the whole rebel army . nobody else give a shit ... and they be afraid o' Rhodes . they pass a structure with a overhead sign that read : joe' corner tavern . if there be wall they would be push out by the Mass of humanity inside . music blare and voice form a wall of noise louder than the thunder . a fight spill out onto the muddy street , pusher sell all sort of delight accost JOHN and he group . sarah they seem to be havin ' a good time . some punishment . JOHN you disappear in here , darlin' . you get a knife in yer belly or too much shit in yer vein . you get lose out here and nobody 's gonna notice . Rhodes , he count on that . it all make for food in the freezer . they come to a long hut with a sign that read : the ritz . JOHN this be you hotel . I be not gonna stay here with you but I will always be close . you gonna hafta take care o' yourself like you say you be able to do . sarah nod . JOHN smile at she . his warm , trustworthy eye seem to glow in the dark . JOHN some may notice that you be new . just deny it . you will get away with it . nobody really look at each other around here . go on in . get some sleep . he squeeze she hand tightly , then he turn away and move off with mcdermott . sarah move into the ritz . 96 int . the ritz ( rain ) - night it resemble the hospital . there be rows and rows of cot . some people sleep , alone and in pair . other be awake , drink , screwing , shoot up . sarah find a empty cot and flop down . Beyond the open wall she can see the blue - white flash come from the electrify fence . rain leak in on she but it do not keep she from fall asleep . 97 int . the conditioning room in the cave - morning technician be work with Zombies while armed guard stand ready . we focus on a blue coat . under supervision , the thing be fumble to tie a shoelace . it 's fail miserably but try hard . another blue be busy place little wooden shape into they proper hole in a board . two red coat sit at a table attend by human technician . we have see this zomby before , in the dormitory . tonto , be ...or be ... a native american , probably seminole . in front of he be a plate contain several bit of meat . he have a fork in he hand and he be idly stabbing at the meat . the other red coat , bluto , look just like bluto from popeye , bulky with a thick , black beard . tire of the jig saw puzzle he 's work on , he snarl and suddenly lunge for the meat on tonto be plate . he snatch a handful and stuff it in he mouth . as soon as he taste it , however , he pull it back out , dribble and spitting disgustedly . fisher ( a technician ) they will not accept a substitute . they want they alpo . tonto have succeed in forking a piece of meat . he move it to he mouth and pop it in . fisher alright ! Way to go , kemosabe ! mary henried have enter the room . she pull up and watch tonto with a kind of dubious interest . tonto stop chew . he look up with exaggerated sadness on he face . slowly he mouth open and the chew piece of meat slide out between he lip . he throw he fork down angrily . mary they will not learn to use fork if they do not like the breakfast you be serve , Ted . fisher the fork be like a game to they . if they get into the game maybe they will learn to like the food . mary it will not work . suddenly bluto jump up from the table . he fling he chair aside and tromp right over to mary . his arm be outstretch and he be make a plead , karloff - like SOUND . guard come after he but mary wave they off . mary it 's alright ! leave he alone ! mary extend she right hand to meet bluto be right and they shake vigorously . then the dumb creature drop he arm and look around . his brain send no signal as to what he should do next . the guard lead he away . 98 int . the firing range in the cave - morning blam !!! a red coat be firing a pistol right at the lens . close on : a target , a flat , cut out silhouette of a man , black triangles paint on the instant- kill - zone , brain , heart . bullet strike the neck , the to torso , some ricochet off the wall behind . none hit the kill - zone . mary henried enter . the place resemble a Police Department target range . red coat stand in stall and FIRE down long alley at target which pop up against the opposite wall . the noise be deafen . two technician be watch the shooter and keep score . mary walk up to one of they . mary have you see Julie grant this morning ? technician she should be in the behaviour room . mary she 's not . have not show up yet . there 's a off -screen groan , the sound of a zombie try to communicate . mary turn and see the tall red coat name bub stand in the close stall try to attract mary be attention . ( he be the one Rhodes refer to last night as " Mary 's pride and joy " . ) he be wear western -style gun belt , six -shooter hang in holsters on both he hip . mary face bub full with she body and deliver a military salute . mary good morning , bub . bub reply with one of that pathetic sound that obviously mean something to he . then he , too , salute . mary pull away , head for a exit , but bub call after she . he make inarticulate sound but we catch he drift . technician I think he want you to watch . mary ok , bub . do you stuff . bub turn towards the target wall look like a gunfighter on a western street . there 's a humming mechanical SOUND . katchung ! a silhouette pop up . bub slap leather ... fast ... lighting fast . both gun come up . blam-ka-blam-ka-blam-blam-blam-blam !!! hole appear in the target ... wop - woppety-whump !!! all in the kill - zone , or damn close . bub slap one pistol back into its holster . he click open the shell - chamber on the other , dump the spent cartridge and begin to reload from he belt . mary stare at the creature 's back , mix emotion show on she face . bub turn to face she . drop a bullet , he salute again . mary hesitates , then salute back . mary very good , bub . that 's .... very good . 99 int . a locker room in the cave - morning people be change clothes , go on and off duty . julie grant rush in and move to a locker where she pull out she lab coat . mary henried enter the room , spot julie , and rush towards she . mary where the hell have you be ? julie do not respond . she button she coat never look up . mary Julie . be you alright ? ( still no response ) you be miss this morning . I need you . I do not want you get you ass in hot water . I will not be able to help you if ... julie I do not need any help from you ! julie slam the locker door and storm away toward the exit . mary Julie ... julie ! but she 's go . the locker door have bounce open . mary slam it and it bounce again . she pound it with she fist . suddenly , a loud bell sound . mary look at she watch then exit . there be two women clean the locker room with mop and pail . one of they turn to watch mary henried exit . we recognise she . it 's spider . 100 int . the council chamber in the cave - morning this be a large situation room that be serve now as government headquarters . in a big , stuffed office chair behind a desk flanked with flag sit governor henry dickerson ( former of Florida , now of the world ) a.k.a .... gasparilla . at table sit a dozen or so councilmen , dickerson 's croney from the old doral country Club , close friend who be offer asylum in the private underground shelter . now they sit in council , " yess " everything the boss man say . a state prosecutor have a desperate - looking prisoner on the floor , stand with he hand cuffed . prosecutor he be find with a government - issue short - wave transmitter in he quarter . he 's charge with the theft of that equipment from a government installation and with possession of a illegal radio . gasparilla munch on some fruit . he 's a fat man with a handlebar moustache that make he look like pancho villa . as a indication of rank we wear a military jacket but underneath be a Hawaiian shirt with a bold flamingo and palm tree pattern . around he neck , nestle in the roll of fat there , be enough gold to stake a small business . prosecutor I can only suggest that the court rule in favour of the ultimate penalty for this traitor . gasparilla you always recommend the ultimate penalty , Tommy Lee . you and Rhodes . we now see that rhode be present , look on with a smile . gasparilla all that ... against ... the ultimate penalty raise yer hand . none of the councilmen move a muscle . gasparilla scan they slowly as he take a big , wet bite out of a peach . gasparilla ya mean to say nobody 's gonna object to the ultimate penalty in this here case ? well , what if I object ? what if I object to the ultimate penalty . the councilmen look nervous , apprehensive . gasparilla be flex he power-muscle . gasparilla there 's be a whole lotta swingin ' influence and swingin ' weight arountyere lately . do anybody at all give two shit fer what I think any more ? well , I be a- gonna let this guy off . how d' yall like that ? and I want the word to git out I let ' im off . I let ' im off . not this council . maybe I can improve my image rountyere . the prisoner look up at gasparilla , hatred boil inside he . gasparilla meet he gaze with a power - mad sneer . gasparilla yer sentence to hard labour . stalag seventeen . a year . prisoner why don't you kill I ! I prefer to die ! I don't want to live with ... with this kind of ... sin ! gasparilla well , piss on you , mister ! I just save you ass ! you damn well better not go hollerin ' like that in here ! prisoner I spit on you ! the ultimate penalty for you ! burn in hell ... for the ultimate sin ! pig ! all of you ! pig ! guard drag the scream prisoner from the room . gasparilla flop back in he chair , flustered but unscarre . his skin be about a foot thick . he pitch the peach and grab up a mango . mary henried enter the chamber and rush toward a empty chair . gasparilla check the docket on he desk , smile , and look up at mary . gasparilla well , miss henried , what a coincidence . you be just in time fer a case that seem to concern you . guess you do not care about the other proceedin' we be dealin ' with here this mornin ' . mary I be sorry . I be ... busy . in the lab . gasparilla well , you manage to make it here jus ' in time fer this case , do not ya ? rhode replace the prosecutor on the floor . he smile at mary pointedly as he start he speech . rhode Sir . in the matter of the State versus private Tyler , I do not want to ... mary ( stand ) Sir , Tyler be innocent of any crime against the state. Captain Rhodes be ... gasparilla ( with a mouthful of mango ) miss henried , I think you better ... mary ... Captain Rhodes be try to ... gasparilla ( spitting a wad of chew pulp into he hand ) miss henried , shut the hell up !!! mary be eye indicate she frustration and anger but she do shut up . gasparilla plop the handful of fruit pulp onto the floor wiping he finger on he military jacket . rhode I do not want to take up a lot of time with this . Mr Tyler shot a prisoner against order . there be eyewitness . I have reprimand Tyler and I have have he send outside . it 's as simple as that . gasparilla ya have ' im send to the stalag ? that 's all ya do to 'im ? rhode the prisoner be die , sir . Tyler act out of a sense of mercy . I do not believe Tyler to be dangerous , General . he just need ... discipline . two or three month outside will teach he ... discipline . mary Sir . it 's quite clear that ... gasparilla shut up , miss henried ! I tol ' ya b'fore ! mary this be a travesty ! captain rhode be ... gasparilla siddown , young lady ! I do yup a shit - load o' favour and I ain't never yet asked fer nothin ' in return ! now how'd you like of spend two week up t'the vegetable farm yerself ? that's what it will be if ya don't siddown a ' shut the hell up ! mary check herself . there 's a perverse air of danger fume off the fat General . his attitude toward mary have clearly change . rhode have be work on he . mary seem to have lose this round . she can only hope that 's all she 's go to lose . gasparilla now I think Captain 's punishment be fair , considerin' . in fact I think you be not get shit to complain about . mary ( softly , carefully ) I be sorry , General , if I ... speak out of turn . it 's just that ... Mr Tyler be not here to defend himself . he have no representation . I do not believe due process be be serve by ... gasparilla listen , missy . I be the only due process that have to be serve aroun ' tyere and one of the people doin ' the servin ' from now on be gonna be you . now you be prancin ' aroun ' the cave like yer ass be glass fer long enough ! all that 's gasparilla gonna change , young lady . now if you still get a statement you would like to make , you can jus ' hold onto it ' till tonight . mary tonight ? gasparilla that 's right . ' Bout eight , if that suit . we will start out in my gymnasium a ' progress on from there ... to various other form o' physical therapy . mary shoot a hate - fill eye full at rhode . the captain respond with a phoney look of sympathy . 101 int . gasparilla's gymnasium - night the place be full of exercise equipment , treadmills , weight , a nautilus , etc . there be other item which seem contradictory , plush pillow , a huge circular bed surrounded by mirror . delicacy of food and drink lie about on low table . the room be a cross between Elaine power and a harem chamber . a huge coffin - shape device open and we see that the inside be line with ultraviolet tube which be cover with plexiglass . gasparilla lounge inside the thing , sweat , have just take a long dose of fake sunshine . all around be the councilmen , some with country - club type women , conservatively dress and wear suitable jewellery ( obviously wife leave over from the good old day ) , and some with scantily clad courtesan . other scantily clad " bunny " type be serve hors-d'oeuvres and pour wine , offer smoke and snort . mary henried be sit on the floor , lose in fluffy pillow , she lab coat incongruous . rhode watch she from nearby . gasparilla awrite . c'mon lady . off with it ... and on with it ... ha ha ha ... music blare and several of the courtesan spring up , stripping off what few clothes they be wear . some strip naked , other down to panty . they hop onto various exercise machine and begin to " workout " , tit flopping , thigh pump ... gasparilla's kind of entertainment . gasparilla oh , lordy , lordy ... I be drunk as a skunk . look at this ... will ya jus ' loooooook at this lovely ! say , henried , you ever try it with another woman ? mary look up at the General , not know whether or not she should answer , afraid of what he might try to make she do . gasparilla I have try it with boy . too strenuous . four more women have bring in silver platter full of new hors - d'oeuvre , prepare carefully and laid they out like sushi . they be distribute and people eat they gasparilla folk ... I just could not resist . how d' yall like that ? how do that taste ? guest look up , not know what to expect . mary fear the worst . she look around to see rhode grin . a knot come up into she throat . she try to swallow it down . gasparilla Fresh from the freezer , folk . it 's what ... they ... eat ! a few of the guest be revulse . one man start to vomit and he run from the room . gasparilla just kiddin ' folk . just kiddin' . would I do a thing like that ? I ask ya now , would I ? hah ha ha ha ha ... relief spread and the bacchanalian atmosphere restore itself . gasparilla spill himself out of the tanning coffin and flop down on some pillow near mary . he grab up a goblet and swill red wine which run down he front . gasparilla the great state of Florida . people come here fer year to die . retire and expire . the rest o' the country use to think we be nothin ' but a bunch o' fart and fogy . hah ! now this here 's the new Capital o' the World ! hah ! they come here ... die ... go to hell ... and the Devil send them back as a army . hah ! General gasparilla 's army ... my army ! mary we think there be other city survive . we think maybe Detroit ... there 's some signal out of Philly . gasparilla there 's no place like this place . warm climate . this facility . Christ , there be not nothin ' like this no - damn - where ! even the fed know that . that 's why they store so much o' they shit down here . it 's all mine now . all mine . just let them try to come after we down here , which they will some day ... take a likin ' to what all we get a ' come after we . they will hafta get past my army ! a army that be not afraid to die ... ha ha ha ...' cause it 's awreddy day ! ha ha ha ha .... mary it 's not a very big army . and small as it be you will not be able to continue feed it for very long . we have get to find way of get they to respond without rely on ... gasparilla you will find the way , miss Mary . and when ya do ... we will sail on over to the mainland ... or any other damn mainland fer that matter ... and start we a recruitin ' program . there 's million o' be out there jus ' waitin ' fer ' a General to lead them on to vict'ry ! gasparilla swallow another huge quantity of wine . dissolve to : 102 int . the gymnasium - night the room be empty now . remnant of food and drink clutter the place . the fat general be asleep , snore loudly , one of he pudgy arm be drape across mary henried be lap . she be try to move out from under without waking the man . she slide on the floor ... a few inch ... a few inch more . gasparilla snort and roll over . his eye pop open , focus on mary , and a smile push he fat cheek back . gasparilla well , hi there , y'all . Mary look down at the man , repulse and afraid . suddenly he grab she lab coat . she pull away and he crawl after she , he belly bounce along the floor . button pop and the coat fall open . he reach for she blouse . it tear away and for a moment he get a chubby handful of bare breast . he dive into she but he 's unconscious before he face reach she chest . mary pull herself out from under he dead weight . shiver , she clutches she blouse together and hurry out of the room . 103 ext . entrance to stalag seventeen - dawn Light be just break through the tree when the gate be opened admit five uniformed men into the compound . outside the fence Zombies clamber excitedly as always . 104 int . the ritz - dawn sarah jump , awaken by a voice and the loud pounding of rifle against the upright of the sleep hut . rhode reveille ! reveille ! rise and shine ! rhode be stand near the entrance . four soldier be do the pound . stun , disease -ridden face look up as citizen be awaken from sleep . fear sweep through the place like a tropical wind . rhode we find two white be in the jungle with they head chop open . I want to know who 's go outside the compound . I want to know how they be go out . I want to know why they be go out . until I get this answer ... each morning ... some of you will die . without warning rhode draw he magnum and ... blam ! blam ! he shoot two cot people who happen to be at close range . they tumble to the dirt floor , dead before they hit . rhode scan the rest of the hut . he spot a familiar face , the prisoner from the Council room , the one gasparilla save from a death sentence . the man make the sign of the cross , know what 's come . blam ! blam ! rhode fire two rapid round and the prisoner chest turn red . he fly off he cot into one adjacent , landing on top of a scream woman . rhode and he men leave as abruptly as they enter . sarah be stunne . as people around she react with sob and more scream , she lock she eye on rhode . he be move authoritatively down the street just outside the open - wall structure . he pass within inch of sarah be cot which be right against the outside rail . her emotion well up inside she . she be about to jump out into the street when a big black hand grab she arm . it 's JOHN , who have push through the gather crowd outside . sarah let I go ! I be the one he want . this be all happen because of I . if I turn myself in ... JOHN he 's just find another reason for bumpin ' we off . do not ya see . he need we to die . he need we body . behind JOHN on the street toby tyler be look on . he have hear the conversation . JOHN turn and see he . his eye go dark with apprehension . toby it 's alright . I be a friend . I need help and so do you . what 's a safe place to talk ? JOHN ai not no place safe . toby look ... I know you have no reason to trust I . I have get friend in the cave . I get some stuff comin ' out this mornin' . I be gonna try to get off the island . people be push in closer attract by the commotion inside the ritz . toby have to make it fast . he whisper . toby I be gonna have this stuff send over to the hospital ... JOHN the hospital ? ( surprised , worried ) toby yeah . my stuff 's all mark with red cross so nobody get too nosey . meet I at the hospital after the supplies come in . maybe we can find a place there to talk . JOHN maybe . toby drift off into the crowd . JOHN and sarah exchange glance . 105 ext . entrance to stalag seventeen - morning supplies be be bring in through the MAIN gate , crate , carton , bag of grain , seed , fertiliser . trick be in charge of the patrol from the cave . he 's check item as they be pick up by worker from the compound . toby tyler sidle up to he friend . toby hey , trick . some detail they get you on . trick not as bad as yours , pal . toby ( whisper ) what 'dya get ? trick raft . two 3o . a little ammo . toby we need fuel , and a couple automatics . lukey , the orderly , pick up a dolly which be load down with crate marked with red cross . trick hey , you . that two on the bottom . do not open that yet . they might be from the wrong shipment . just keep them around ' till I can check . lukey yessir . I never open them . nossir . I keep them innaback for you . 106 ext . front STREET of stalag seventeen - morning watch from the shadow of a build be JOHN , sarah and diesel . diesel he 's a spy . a spy for Rhodes . JOHN give he a chance . they see toby pull away from trick and start down the street follow lukey . they move out and catch up with toby , flanking he . JOHN what 'dya tell that soldier , soldier ? you tell he we be rebel ? toby he 's my contact for chrissake ! there 's two crate . can you get I into the hospital ? short CUT to : 107 int . storage BAY in the hospital - morning creak ! a crowbar pries open a crate . JOHN and lukey guard the entrance while toby and diesel work at open the " Red Cross " box . sarah stand nearby . the lide lift and we see two army - issue life raft . toby there ya go . complete with air canister ... little motor . JOHN we get a boat . toby what ? JOHN I say we get a boat . can you get other stuff ? toby I get some fuel comin ' out and , I hope , some automatic rifle . diesel he 's just tryin ' to win we over . this do not prove anything . JOHN I be gonna trust he , diesel . he already know who we be and we be not get a bunch o' time to mess around with Rhodes shootin ' up the joint every mornin' . toby , root through the open crate , find the pistol trick tell he about and a few box of ammo . he toss one of the gun to JOHN . the big man walk over and put the weapon back inside the crate . JOHN can not walk around here with this . let 's just leave them here ' till we ready to use them . 108 int . hospital operating room - day close on : hand carefully ... very carefully ... pour drop of clear liquid into a test tube . the liquid be sweat slowly out of a mildewed and rotting stick of dynamite which have be soften to near-melting by jungle heat . a dozen test tube stand in a rack , already fill . spider , another woman , sally , and a man , jack , each have they own dynamite stick . each be transfer liquid sweat ... which be , of course , nitro glycerine ... into a glass tube . they work in tense silence on the operate table . doc logan work with they , do the same delicate procedure . suddenly he hand start to tremble . logan take it away from I . quickly . take it ! take it ! spider reach over and , as gently as possible , take the vial and the dynamite out of the doctor 's hand . she set the tube in the rack and return the dynamite to a OPEN crate , year old and crust with mildew and mud , still half - fill with stick yet to be drain . the danger pass , they all breathe a sigh of relief . logan wipe the river of sweat from he face . his hand be shaking quite violently now . he pop pill , dry , from he pocket . logan sorry . I be sorry . I will , er ... I will be alright ... in a moment . JOHN you be sick , Doc . you be sick for a while now . too sick to be workin ' with we on this raid . JOHN , sarah and diesel be stand in a corner of the room . toby tyler be with they , sweat and obviously nervous . JOHN you have help we enough , providin ' cover , hidin ' we out . let the rest of we handle the physical stuff . it 's too much for you . logan it 's my fight as much as yours . the thing they make I do ... the thing they make ...me... do. I want so see Rhodes destroy . I want to see all of they , all of they destroy . it 's my duty ... in the eye of God . in the eye of God . logan be really flipso now , over the edge into banana-land . toby it will not work . that 's pure nitro you be dealin ' with there . that stuff can blow if you look at be funny . what be you gonna do , walk into the cave carryin' that tube on feather pillow ? you do not have a complete layout of the place . even if you manage to avoid a fight you will not know where to go . JOHN we be hopin ' you can show we where to go , Toby . toby oh , no . I be tryin ' to get off this island alive . I will help you all I can but I be not goin ' in there on a suicide mission . what can you hope to accomplish ? some radio maybe ? a supply room or two ? you will all be kill and in a few week they will be back to business as usual . that place be build to withstand nuclear attack ! what be you gonna do with a half - dozen gun and a few stick of nitro ? JOHN we be gonna blow up the powder magazine . toby what ? JOHN we know what 's down there . we do the load ' and unloadin ' when the stuff come ashore in the early day . a direct hit oughta do more than a few week worth o' damage . toby a direct hit will blow the top off this whole island ! how're you gonna fuse the stuff ? how're you gonna leave yourself time to get out ? logan if we do not get out it 's a small price to pay . toby you be fuckin ' out of you mind ! there 's two hundred people down there . you gonna murder two hundred people ? logan Sinners ! animal ! filth ! do the work of the Devil ! toby what about the people here in the camp ? if they do not get blow to kingdom come they food will be destroy , they water , medical supplies . they will not have any more power . this island can not support they all , they will be doom . Count I out , friend . I be gonna get my ass outa here . anybody want to come along be welcome . silence fall over the room . finally JOHN move towards the door . toby follow but before exite he turn back to face the group once more . toby I wanna see Rhodes burn just a much as you do ... but all that people . we do not have the right to be they judge ... just like they do not have the right to be we judge . JOHN open the door and toby exit . sarah follow . JOHN look around at the face in the group , then he leave , shutting the door behind he . there 's a long silence , then logan speak . logan we know what we must do . it 's write for we in the Bible . " they shall be drive from the land of the live down to the world of the dead . that be the fate of that who care nothing for God . " 109 int . storage BAY in the hospital - day lukey stand guard . mcdermott have join sarah and JOHN in a strategy huddle . toby stand nearby , feel strangely guilty . sarah Toby 's right . they be not gonna sit around with they finger up they ass while we bust up they toy . JOHN datura . sarah what ? JOHN datura metel . the Devil 's trumpet . do not worry . I be not goin ' religioso again . it 's a flower that grow on this island . where I come from the voodoo priest use it whenever they need a mickey Finn . it 's toxic . Ground up you can put it in a drink or inject it ...or ... in a seal area it might be introduce through the ventilation system . sarah datura ! miguel know it ! datura , he be shouting ! datura metel ! JOHN we always plan to use it . we get some ground up already ... but we could never find enough . sarah there 's hundred of them . right where we land we boat . toby this stuff really work ? no shit ? JOHN quicker than gas . and it smell a lot prettier . it usually do not kill but it put ya under fer a good night 's sleep . toby if you could knock out the central communication room you could foul up they whole intercom system . then , if you move fast enough , stay ahead of them ... without bein ' able to signal each other , they might have a hard time catchin ' you . JOHN I say it 's poetic . pure calypso , brother . the Devil 's trumpet blowin ' the note o' doom for the Devil 's troops . ha ha ha ha ha ... 110 ext . the backwater - night the fishing boat that buy sarah and she friend to the island sit still in the channel . there be soldier aboard , two of Rhodes ' man , pace the deck , pass a bottle back and forth . JOHN ( o.s. ) well , we find yer boat , lady , but so do they . JOHN , sarah and toby be huddle behind green cover peer out at the boat . sarah look like just two . we can take them when the time come . JOHN we be only about a quarter - mile from cave entrance number five . toby that entrance be close to the lab and the bee cage . JOHN come on . let 's go . they move off stealthily . they enter the clear with the spectacular plant that miguel discover . six foot tall , they red-gold blossom like trumpet with they bell down , this be daturas , nightshade indigenous to southern Florida and part of the Caribbean . sally and jack , who we see work on the nitro stick , be chopping off the eighteen - inch blossom and stuff they into large leaf bag . they be wear hospital mask over they mouth and nose . JOHN move in to help . toby and sarah follow but JOHN stop they . JOHN just stand guard for now . spell we after a while . can not breathe this grass too long or somebody hafta carry you home . work go on in silence . 111 ext . the STREET outside the ritz - night music rock and voice shout . the street scene be as wild as ever . hookers , pusher and drunk pack the hot darkness . 112 int . the ritz - night at a cot near the open wall , in dim light from a overhead bulb outside , sarah , JOHN and toby huddle . the din from the street make it impossible for other to hear they . toby be draw a map . toby maintenance shaft run behind all the main room . nobody 's in that at night . you can use they to get around in . hit the power governor first . kick a surge into they computer network and you erase everything store in the memory . then ...over in here ... that 's where the cage be ... on the street outside , a puffing bill mcdermott push through the unruly crowd , he face show alarm . mcdermott the Doc 's go . diesel and Jack and spider with he . they take the gun ... and the nitro . CUT to : 113 int . hospital operating room - night close on : lukey , beside himself , almost to the point of tear . lukey I coulden stop them , boss . no way I coulda stop them , I sweah . they tie I up and stick dis ... ( he 's wave a pillowcase in he hand , the action accentuate he frenzied state . ) ... they stick dis in my mouf . you b'lieve dis ? JOHN be in the room with sarah , toby , sally and bill mcdermott . this be now the entire rebel force . the floorboard to the tunnel have be throw aside . the weapon be go . mcdermott I be in the cave yesterday workin ' repair . spider be in on clean up . I see she talkin ' to some insider ... well , she be scribblin ' , they be talkin' ... mighty palsy . toby Jesus ! they be gonna try to do it ! they be goin ' in ! they get somebody to help them from the inside ! lukey they din ' get da pistol . you know dem pistol you buddy send in widda raff . toby I gotta get Mary out . trick . we gotta go now ! tonight ! right away ! mcdermott oh , Lord ! ( he polish of what 's leave in he flask and move to refill it from the bottle in Logan 's cabinet . ) sally we be not ready . JOHN well ... if ya think about it ... we as ready as we ever gonna be . how be they carryin' the nitro , lukey ? lukey oh , I . you be not gonna b'lieve dis , neider . you be not , I sweah . they put it inta spidah 's body . toby they what ? lukey De doc. he cut up spidah here and here and here ... all ovah . he stick dem tube in dere , like undah da skin ... a ' de he sew them all up . I sweah . I sweah , sweah , sweah ! 114 ext . the jungle - night jack and diesel be chopping a path through the undergrowth with machete . behind they doc logan be walk slowly along with spider , guide she carefully around obstacle . spider be in major pain . she 's sweat river , she fist be clench , she 's bite she lover lip so that it bleed . logan I know it hurt . but it will not be long . then all the pain will be over . oh , I wish you could hear I . GOD , give her the ear to hear I so she know I don't want her to hurt so ! diesel quiet ! logan oh , yes . quiet . yes . we must be quiet . suddenly , a zombie lunge from the underbrush , its face badly deteriorated and one of its hand ; lose during its human life , replace by a mechanical hook . spider stumble . she hold she breath and stiffen all she muscle . miraculously the nitro vial inside she do not explode . logan throw himself quixotically in front of the zombie . logan fallen angel ! this be the judgement day when you will burn for you sin ! the lord will cast you down to the lower reach and you shall forever know .... thwok !!! the Zombie' steel hook sink deeply into logan' upper chest . the man 's eye reflect no immediate sensation . his speech falter but only slightly . logan ... you shall forever know the pain ... the pain ... the zombie pull logan towards its drooling , wide OPEN mouth . it 's just about to bite when diesel chop he machete into the CENTER of the creature's skull . the thing fall , pull logan , still hook , to the ground with it . logan you shall forever know the pain of hell ... the pain of hell . diesel frees the doctor 's shoulder from the hook . blood flow freely . diesel grab a handful of dressing from logan' pack and go to work on the wound . logan ... the pain of Hell ... the pain ... the pain ... 115 ext . the jungle near the vent - night sarah , sally , lukey and mcdermott stand by while JOHN and toby swing open the rusted grillwork of a AIR - vent in the ground . toby be able to swing he upper torso completely down inside . 116 int . the vent - night toby hang up - side - down in a rush of AIR . he tighten a hospital mask over he nose and mouth . toby okay . lemme have them . a leaf bag be pass in from above . toby flag the bag open and bit of flower and pollen dust fly through the tight space , suck off into the duct . 117 int . the communication room - night close on : a grill near the ceiling . bit of toxic pollen and a occasional piece of flower blow into the room . there be six technician and two security guard post at various station . a radio man look up . radio man what 's that ? smell it ? technician dunno . must be comin ' from outside . kinda nice . 118 int . entrance number seven - night there be only two guard post at the seal entrance . one be eat from a can of spam . the other be read a old , dog - ear playboy . a rifle barrel jab suddenly into " playboy 's " back . julie do not move ! it 's julie grant , Mary 's disgruntled assistant . a young man , another behaviouralist in a white lab coat be with she . they both have rifle . julie open the outer door . move it ! " playboy " slowly get up and start towards a control panel . at the last minute , he spin around , grab julie' gun barrel and push it away . julie' young accomplice swing he rifle butt and knock " playboy " cold . then he train the weapon on " spam man " again . julie move to the control , examine they , trip a toggle mark " lock " and push a large GREEN button . the door to the outside swing OPEN . Beyond be blackness with a occasional patch of moonlight on jungle growth . julie walk slowly , carefully toward the open . just as she be about to cross the threshold into the night , a huge figure leap at she , grab she rifle and enclose she in a strangle hold . it 's diesel . behind he , come jack , he rifle ( Sarah 's rifle ) levell off at julie' young friend . " spam man " make a break for it down the hall . reacting nervously , too quickly , jack fire . " spam man " be hit squarely in the back . he pitch forward , dead . the young scientist raise he gun . young man hey ! what the hell .....? jack fire another burst and the orange circle on the young man' chest show a dotted line of red . he fly back , a surprised expression on he face , and he flop , dead , right on top of the " playboy " guard who be lie near the control booth . logan enough ! enough ! enough ! enough ! the doc come slowly out of the night guide spider over the threshold and into the hall . logan remind we of a crazy John Houston , float on air in a madman 's bubble . julie what ... what be this ? who ...? logan it 's alright , it 's alright , my dear . you have simply help we do the Lord 's work . logan' shoulder wound be bleeding through its dressing but the doctor , on a holy mission , seem to feel no pain . he guide spider into the light and open she shirt . diesel shove julie against a wall . jack cover she with he automatic . logan remove red -soaked dressing from spider be skin . all over she bare chest and upper belly we see long , EIGHT - inch scar , hastily stitched with suture showing . beneath each be a cigar - shape bulge where a vial of nitro have be implant . the woman stand on crumble leg , she arm open outward , a grotesque lampoon of a stigmatic . julie what ... what have you do to she ? logan God forgive we . forgive we the pain we inflict as surgeon . we will be in Heaven , child . soon . we will be with him in Heaven . spider na...na ...ak... aaaaaaaaaa ... spider be try to signal something . she have see that " playboy " be crawl into the control booth . logan follow she alarmed gaze . logan no you don 't I can't let you do that ! I can 't ! logan charge toward the booth . the guard be half - in- half - out of the glass chamber , he hand reach for the control panel inside . logan start to kick he , again and again . jack outa the way , Doc ! outa the way ! there 's vengeance on logan be face . he 's kick the guard brutally , but that do not stop the man from reach the control . he hit a red alarm button . the panel buzy and coloured light blink . the door to the jungle start to swing close . diesel dive at it but can not stop the steel slab . it slam with a loud thunnnnng ! jack swing into another position to get a clear shot and he fire a long burst into the control booth . " playboy " be struck by several round . he bounce around in the booth and collapse to the floor , dead . logan , he shoulder wound pouring blood , aggravate by he physical exertion , fall to floor himself , in a faint . jack shit ! diesel keep the woman cover . jack level off on julie again . diesel move over to spider . pull fresh dressing from logan be bag , the big man begin to pack they onto spider' bleeding chest . 119 int . the communication room - night close on : a blinking rectangle of red light . written on its face be : alarm - gate 7 . a bell ring loudly in the room . the shot widen and we see five men , all slump , unconscious , none able to react to the alarm . one of the security guard have make it to the exit . he manage to push the door open , but then he fall in a heap . a radio man stagger into a webbing of wire , then he too fall . the other security guard inch he hand towards a lever with a protective cover . he flip the cover up , then collapse . the fall action cause he finger to trip the lever . a huge klaxon sound . a blinking rectangle , huge over the door , read : general alert ! 120 int . gasparilla's gymnasium - night the usual scene here , gasparilla and he courtesan entertaining the councilmen and there lady . the klaxon sound over the loud rock music . mary henried , a prisoner for the evening again , hear the SOUND . her eye widen . she look over at rhode , who jump to he foot . the party gradually go silent . rhode do not be alarmed . we be impregnable . stay where you be . nothing will happen to any of you . you be safe here . men. this last word to a SMALL unit of four troopers stand guard at the exit . rhode go steaming through the door . two of the troopers follow , the other two unsling they rifle and take up post just outside in the corridor . the steel door slide shut lock gasparilla and he court inside the gymnasium ... mary henried with they . gasparilla well , c'mon , lady and gent . who say we gotta let we evenin ' get spoiled ? Simon sez ... get down !!! most of the guest be willing to let the party get back to full swing . gasparilla grab a topless courtesan and rock he fat belly around in a attempt dance . mary seem to be the only one concerned about the alarm . 121 ext . the jungle - night even outside the klaxon can be heard . toby and the rebel stop in they track . toby that 's the general alarm . Jesus ! they musta get in ! JOHN what you wanna do ? toby come on ! the group move out urgently . 122 int . entrance number two - night a circular light blink GREEN with a buz SOUND . the two inside guard punch up a video monitor . the screen show toby tyler and lukey hold pistol on sally and bill mcdermott . guard ( into intercom ) what 's goin ' on ? toby ( filter ) ( on video ) let US in . there's be a revolt ... at stalag seventeen ... there's rebel crawlin ' everywhere ! guard # 2 I know he . that 's Tyler . toby ( filter ) ( on video ) fer chrissake ! lemme in , dammit ! lemme in ! the first guard hit a button and the big steel entrance door swing OPEN . the rebel storm in like a ocean wave take the hapless guard completely by surprise . they knock they unconscious and take they weapon . toby push a button which cause the outer door to swing shut , then he lead the band down the corridor . they go through a door about a hundred yard from the entrance . 123 int . maintenance shaft - night this be one of the work corridor that toby mention earlier . the rebel run , single - file , deep into the cave . 124 int . entrance seven - night julie grant have be rope - tied to a eyelet in the wall . diesel set down a pistol and a BOX of ammo beside doc logan who be sit on the floor beside the control booth . he 's have trouble catch he breath . his wound have turn he entire front red . diesel you would hold we back . we have to go on . logan hmmmmmm ? oh , yes . go on . spider , she shirt buttone again over she new dressing , be carefully signing something . diesel read she finger . diesel Maps . yes . she be suppose to bring we map . jack step over to julie . he frisk she pocket and find two hand - drawn map show complete layout of the cave . diesel alright . let 's go . they move out , diesel support spider , jack with he rifle ready . 125 int . a supply closet - night toby break open a carton and pull gas mask out . he pass they back to bill mcdermott and sarah . 126 int . the communications room - night the rebel , all wear gas mask , burst into the room . toby move right toward a intercom . he punch in a code and wait while the intercom buzy . toby come on , Mary . answer . answer ! nothing . Toby punch up another code while the other drag the unconscious guard out of the doorway , let the door shut behind they . a voice come over the speaker . trick ( o.s. - filter ) yeah . toby trick , it 's Tyler . we be inside . trick ( o.s. - filter ) what ? be that you that set off the alarm ? toby no . there 's some loony from outside . they be gonna try to blow the powder magazine . trick ( o.s. - filter ) where be you ? what 's the plan ? toby find Mary . if you can get help do it . we be gonna hit the power station and haul - ass outa here . we will be at exit five ... that 's exit five in exactly ten minute . trick ( o.s. - filter ) I think I can get a couple guy . toby and Mary ! you gotta find Mary ! trick ( o.s. - filter ) I will try , tob. I be go . trick click off . toby level he automatic at the radio console and fire . SPARKS fly , chunks of wood and metal shoot off in every direction . mcdermott hold on ! hold on ! yer wastin ' yer ammunition . hit 'er in here ... then around back in the circuit board . toby level off again , this time at the " kill - zone " . bullet fly . more SPARKS dance as the unit break apart . mcdermott ( shouting ) and over here . the alarm system . these central panel here . these circuit . sarah and sally step up and start blasting . a profusion of SPARKS this time as the alarm system seem to explode . suddenly a collection of red light start blinking urgently . a bell sound . the large rectangle over the exit be flashing a new word : evacuate ! evacuate ! evacuate ! mcdermott Jesus , Mary and Joseph ! ( he slug from he flask ) by blowin ' the alarm panel ... we signall a evac ! 127 int . corridor in the cave - night montage : a loud buz be heard as door OPEN everywhere , some slide , some swinging back , some roll into the wall . troopers catch trot through hall be take by surprise . citizen spill out of apartment door that have open electronically . 128 int . entrance seven - night the door to the jungle swing OPEN . julie grant look over at doc logan . the madman struggle to he foot . support himself against the wall of the control booth , he reach inside and start push button . julie that button will not work ! the evacuation command override they . julie look through the open entranceway . barely visible in the dim blue moonlight be the hulk shape of two ... no three Zombies , approach the open hatch . 129 int . the communication room - night mcdermott be explain to the other . mcdermott all the door in the cave have be sprung open ... all the one that work on electric . it 's so nobody will get trap anywhere . 130 int . entrance seven - night logan stare dumbly , without comprehend , at the Zombies which be lurching forward out of the night . julie CUT I loose ! please ! CUT I loose ! 131 int . the dormitory - night the latch on the cell door click . with buz , motor noise , the door OPEN outward . the army of red coat march out into the hall . we might recognise tonto , bluto , samson .... we certainly recognise big bub . 132 int . a holding pen in the cave - night we see a large pen , its gate swinging OPEN . from inside , moaning hungrily , come forty or fifty Zombies , blue coat and white . guard outside the pen start to panic . they OPEN FIRE . a few Zombies be hit but there be too many , way too many . the guard turn tail and retreat off into the cave . the Zombies be out ! free to find they own supper ! 133 int . the gymnasium - night the door have open here , too . the crowd , have hear the evacuation signal , be panic . many be run out past the guard and into the hallway . gasparilla be try to reinstate calm . gasparilla stay here ! stay put ! we'll be alright ! we're safe here ! just as safe as anywhere ' til we find out what' goin ' on ! mary henried take advantage of the confusion . she slip out behind two councilmen and there lady -friend . 134 int . nursery corridor - night the hallway be in chaos . troopers run by , craze citizen flee in both direction . mary henried be stop by a nurse stand in a OPEN doorway . nurse what be it ? what 's happen ? mary it 's a evacuation signal . the radio be out . people be panic . nurse what should we do ? mary look past the nurse into a room where a group of child , a dozen or so , range from twelve - year - old down to infancy , be huddle . some be cry . mary god. I , er ... I dunno what to say . it could be a real evacuation or it could just be a glitch in the system . wait here for now . I will ... I will make sure you get the word what to do , okay ? nurse please ...hurry ... mary take off down the hall . 135 int . entrance seven - night close on : julie granth face , scream , in agony , on the brink of insanity . the Zombies have reach she . they be start to pull at she arm , she leg . one bite her hand , another her arm , another her calf . doc logan be watch from the control booth , all the while fiddling with button , dial , lever . logan we will be in Heaven soon . we will all be in Heaven soon . ( Julie 's scream penetrate the fog in he brain . he frown . ) pain . God forgive the pain inflicted by surgeon . we must atone . we must atone for we sin . his eye be attract to a large lever seemingly separate from everything else . it 's mark : siren . he pull it . logan we must ... atone . we must . 136 ext . the siren horn - night slowly , the throaty wail rise and call out over the jungle . it 's the " feed signal " we hear earlier . 137 ext . the jungle - night montage : as everywhere in the jungle Zombies turn toward the call of the siren . they start to walk ... toward the SOUND , toward the place where there be food . 138 int . entrance seven - night julie be still scream wildly . the Zombies be tearing her apart , literally . doc logan inadvertently kick the pistol leave by diesel and be skitter across the floor . he flop down on he knee . logan we will atone . we will be the sacrifice ... the communion ... we offer ourselves up ... our soul ... and our body ... julie grant finally lose consciousness . many more Zombies be press in through the entrance now . they reach logan and start to tear at he . something click in he brain and he realise what 's happen . he start to scream . his hand find the pistol on the floor . one zombie take a bite out of he left arm . he shriek and bring up the pistol , firing . the first shot rip OPEN the creature's skull . the next five shot be waste , fire wildly . the gun click emptily as the Zombies engulf he , tearing , biting , eating he alive . more Zombies come out of the jungle ... a lot more ... call by the siren . in wave they enter the cave look for food . 139 int . a corridor in the cave - night trick be run through the hall with two buddy . mary henried jump out of the crowd . mary trick ! what 's go on ? trick Toby 's in the cave . we be gonna make we move . there 's rebel out to blow the powder magazine . come on . come with we . mary where be you goin ' out ? trick exit five . mary see ya there . she turn away and start back in the direction she come from . trick call after she . trick seven minute , mary . exactly seven minute ! 140 int . the MAIN chamber of the cave - night rhode and EIGHT troopers turn a corridor and there , before they , be a sight out of dracula 's tomb . move through the lava-stone arch , between the giant earthen pillar , be the army of blue and white Zombies . rhode and he man can not possibly fight they , there be too many . rhode spot a door with a cage red light overhead . they can get to it by slice through only a few of the advancing ghoul . rhode this way . over here ! shoot ! shoot they ! shoot to kill ! in the head ! they rifle blaze as they drive through the edge of the zombie horde . several of the creature go down , there head blasted OPEN by rapid - FIRE round . one grab rhode by the sleeve of he jacket . the captain turn on he heel and stare at the thing with outrage disbelief . he raise he magnum and pump two quick shell into the creature's brain . the platoon finally reach the door . rhode hold it open while he men run inside . he holster he pistol and unsling he automatic . the Zombies press towards he . he select a few of the closest one , aim , and fire , with a look of enjoyment on he face . for a moment he resemble Doc Logan , madness bristle inside he . the Zombies fall , there head shatter , one of rhode ' men call from inside the doorway . trooper Captain ... captain ! rhode fire another quick burst , then he turn and move through the doorway . 141 int . a corridor in the cave - night spider be walk along , careful to avoid jolt , support - under she arm by the giant diesel . jack walk with they , he nervousness irritate by the need to move slowly . citizen run past , none of they pay attention to the desperado . suddenly they encounter a troop of soldier who come trot around a corner . nervous jack open FIRE . two soldier go down . a gunfight erupt as the rest of the troops scatter in the hallway , civilian be catch in the crossfire . two be hit . diesel manage to steer spider around a corner to safety . jack keep firing but he 's trap in a hail of bullet . a red line cut across he chest and he fly back , dead , he gun still firing . out of the trooper ' sight , diesel check he map and move into a doorway , one of several on the area , guide spider through beside he . 142 int . another maintenance shaft - night they find themselves in one of that work corridor . the giant man shoulder he rifle and gently lift spider into he arm . he move , as smoothly as he can , down the shaft and around a bend . 143 int . a corridor in the cave - night toby lead JOHN and the rebel out into a hallway . they break across to a opposite door . before they can escape , a troop of soldier appear . a gunfight ensues . two soldier go down . JOHN be wounded in the shoulder but he stay on he foot . the soldier have they divide in the two opposite doorway . suddenly , trick and he buddy come charge around a corner . they OPEN FIRE . the soldier respond . two more soldier go down . one of trick ' men be kill . trick himself be wounded badly in the stomach . caught in a crossfire , the last four troopers throw down they gun . they flee wildly down the corridor . the rebel pick up and file through one of the door . toby rush to aid he badly wounded buddy . toby trick ... Jesus ... trick I be alright . let 's go . they follow after the other . 144 int . the gymnasium - night a scream goe up ! a woman near the exit have spot something terrifying in the hallway . the guard panic . one of they open FIRE . 145 int . the hallway outside the gymnasium - night a Mass of Zombies come shuffling down the corridor . they voice echo in grotesque harmony , the song of the live dead that we have hear before . 146 int . the gymnasium - night the guard be try to close the entrance door manually . the big slab will not budge . suddenly gasparilla appear . drawing a pistol from a holster he wear , without warning he shoot one of the guard . the other guard flee . gasparilla fall onto the dead man and rip off he orange - circle vest . the Zombies be press in now , into the gymnasium . gasparilla and several remaining party -goer ( none with vest ) be trap . 147 int . a corridor near the dormitory - night mary be run along with the nurse and the child . suddenly , from out of a doorway , come captain rhode with he STORM troopers . rhode henried ! where be you go ? without answer , mary lead she band through a manual door that lead to the dormitory . rhode stop they ! shoot ! soldier the ... the child , sir . rhode after they then ! I want they stop ! that woman be dangerous ! 148 int . the hallway outside the dormitory - night mary and her refugees be stop in they track by bub and he cadre of red coat . the nurse scream and try to back away . the child cling to she , petrify , shriek , start to cry . bub lumber up to mary and ... salute . mary return the formality . mary it 's alright . I do not think they will hurt we . try to stay calm . 149 int . the outer corridor - night the manual door have be lock from inside . rhode shoot it OPEN ! the soldier follow order , two of they firing at the lock . 150 int . the firing range - night mary be at a cabinet pull out pistol and rifle , pass the weapon around to tonto , bluto , samson . bub be strapping on he two - gun holster set all by himself , fumble a little , but succeed . 151 int . the corridor with rhode - night rhode ' men kick open the door and charge into the dormitory corridor . 152 int . the firing range - night the nurse slam another manual door , lock and bolt it . nurse they be come ! they be come ! she hurry along the cage alley behind the fire stall guide the child to a opposite exit . blam ! blam ! mary be firing at a orange circle vest on one of the cut out target figure in the range . the red coat be watch with curiosity , cock they head . mary move to fire again but bluto grab she hand . mary no ... bluto ... i'm try to ... the dumb creature keep he grip . mary have to appease to he . she grasp he hand and shake vigorously . when he finally let go , she aim she pistol again and fire at the vest several more time . mary look . it 's good to shoot the circle . good. good . the Zombies be confuse . exasperate , mary tear off she own vest and toss it down the alley . the red coat look befuddle , and a little angry . mary fire at the vest she throw down . two bullet hit it before mary pistol click ... empty . there 's a pounding at the door . it 's rhode and he troop . suddenly bub step into position . whap ! one of he famous quick draw ! blam !!! he fire . the vest on the floor , mary vest , be hit . bub fire again , the other gun this time . the vest on the target be hit squarely in the center of its orange circle . tonto now turn . he lift he pistol and fire . the vest on the target be hit again , off center , but hit . mary that's it ! that's it ! suddenly the door at the end of the range fly OPEN . three of rhode ' men rush in , wear , of course , orange circle . the red coat OPEN FIRE . the troopers be CUT to ribbons . other outside the door duck back behind the wall . the Zombies lumber toward the open doorway , still firing as they go . mary be back away through the opposite exit . bub see she leave . he call to she with a deep , plead moan . mary stop and look at he sadly . he shoot off a military salute . mary salute he back . there be tear in she eye . she turn and hurry off . bub join he fellow in pursuit of Rhodes ' and he man . 153 int . the gymnasium - night a woman' face be full screen . she be scream in agony as she be torn apart by Zombies . the creature have invade the gymnasium . they be clawing at the fat - cat councillor , mauling there women . gasparilla and two other men be roll around crazily , bump into exercise machine , knock over wine bottle and table full of hor - d'oeuvre . the single vest they be fight over rip apart into two piece , its orange circle severe into two useless halve . gasparilla back across the floor , he blubber bounce . he have a tatter piece of the vest clutch in he hand . he try to spread it out on he chest but it 's too late ... and the Zombies be too hungry ... much too hungry . montage : as all over the room they strike . this be it , gore fan . the gross finale . the intestine - tugger . the Zombies get there supper . they feast among the pillow , like Roman at a orgy . music still play over the gymnasium speaker , rock - a- billy in a gleeful tempo . gasparilla have retreat into he tanning - coffin but a pudgy arm and a leg be dangle outside . Zombies chew hungrily on the juicy morsel . from inside the coffin , where ultraviolet glow brightly , come the pierce , agonise scream of the fat General . 154 int . the MAIN chamber of the cave - night diesel guide spider through the huge earthen archway . Zombies here be scattered now , but they provide for delay . diesel fire and Zombies be hit but few be hit fatally . diesel be free arm can not fire accurately while he 's try to support the walk bomb beside he . diesel stop to check he map . a zombie loom up behind he and take a huge bite out of he shoulder . diesel scream . he let go of spider who stumble away from he , almost fall but save herself . her eye be bugging with pain . diesel fire point blank at the zombie , blowing its head to bit . more creature be press in close . diesel bat at one , kick another , punch a third . then he rush to spider be side and scoops she into he arm again . wincing in pain from the bleeding wound in he shoulder he manage to move out of immediate danger . the Zombies lumber after the two , groan in chorus as they walk . 155 int . the corridor at exit five - night mary , the nurse and the child come charge down the hall . toby , sarah , and JOHN be wait for they near the open door which lead out into the jungle . toby and mary rush into each other 's arm and they flee , with the other , out into the night . 156 int . a corridor near the dormitory - night rhode and he men rush into another corridor where they be meet by a crowd of drooling Zombies . the men OPEN FIRE but the Zombies be too close in . they get the upper hand . rhode fire he magnum , he eye insane , he face boil red with disbelief . after two shot blast OPEN the head of the closest Zombies , the magnum just click -click -click ! rhode be out of lead . he 's grab by one zombie , then another . he fight to free himself but he's bitten once ... twice ... bleeding , he fight on . he struggle to a doorway and push through . 157 int . another corridor - night rhode come face - to- face with ... you guess it ... big bub . the zombie face off , ready to draw that six - gun that hang at he hip . rhode turn and run . whap ! bub slap leather . blam ! blam ! blam ! rhode turn a corner but one bullet bite he on the back of he shoulder . terrify , fight pain , he stagger on with the gun-totin ' red coat follow behind . 158 ext . the jungle - night the rebel lead mary , the nurse and the child through the underneath . trick be bleed badly . toby help he along . suddenly , as they break into a clear , sarah stop cold . there on the ground , lie where we last see it , be the corpse of miguel . JOHN what be it ? sarah it 's ...he be ... one who come to the island with I . toby come on . no time . sarah he be kill ... five day ago . mary maybe ... maybe he be not dead . be you sure he be dead when you leave he ? sarah look at he . a hundred bullet . you tell I . be he dead ? there be tear in sarah be eye . sarah five day ... and he have not ... rise . he have not rise . toby come on . there 's no time . there 's no time to lose . the group push ahead . sarah kneel . she bless herself and make the sign of the cross over the corpse . then she stand to see that JOHN be wait for she . he hold out he hand , she take it and follow the other . 159 ext . the backwater - night the soldier aboard the fishing boat hear noise come from the surround jungle . soldier who be it ? who' out there ? JOHN ( o.s. ) we want the boat ! drop yer gun or we'll blast you ! the soldier hesitate , look around at the dark jungle . toby ( o.s. ) we got you surrounded ! a sudden burst of automatic FIRE light up the black foliage . the soldier react , fling they weapon over the side into the water . the refugees spill out of the undergrowth and scramble over to the boat , lift the child and the wounded trick on board carefully . JOHN pause to look back into the jungle . JOHN damn you , island . damn you to Hell and worse ! mcdermott we be not outa here yet . get yer ass movin ' ya dumb bastard . mcdermott try to slug from he flask , find it empty . with a shrug he toss the thing into the backwater . the engine start as JOHN climb aboard , sarah and toby give he they hand . 160 int . the MAIN chamber with diesel and spider - night 161 int . the laboratory area with rhode and bub - night ( this two sequence will be intercut for parallel action ) Zombies be crawl all over diesel now . he fight they off valiantly but he super strength be wane . he be bitten again and again but he try to keep himself between the clutching creature and the little deaf mute who be stumbling along ahead . she 's get very close to a huge set of concrete slab ... the door to the powder magazine . meanwhile rhode approach another corner in the hallway near the condition room . bub follow , he boot heel clicking the way rhode ' own heel once click . rhode dive for the corner . bub slap leather and fire off all twelve . rhode roll on the ground crazily . he's hit several time ... but he 's still alive . he pull himself , in agony , out of range . calmly , bub dump out he spend shell and start to reload . in the MAIN chamber , diesel be overcome , dragge down by a mob of Zombies . they start to tear he apart bit by bit . spider walk on alone . she be just a few foot from the powder magazine now . a zombie grab she from behind but just get a handful of shirt . spider reach forward but the creature hold she back . her shirt be running river of blood now where the vial be implant underneath . rhode crash through a doorway into the conditioning room . he realise , too late , that there 's no exit . bub' bootheel be get louder . rhode crawl around behind the table full of testing equipment , wooden shape , flash card scatter . over near the large coloured symbol which be mount on the wall there 's a weapon cabinet . rhode grab a chair and smashes open the glass . bub step into the open doorway , still reloading he pistol . he stand there , a golem , he finger slowly , calmly work . he drop a shell or two but soon the barrel be fill with fresh load . rhode reach in through the break glass and pull out a automatic . bub slap he pistol back into they holsters and face off . rhode lift the automatic ...aim ... bub draw ! blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! each one of the twelve bullet hit rhode somewhere , many of they in the " kill - zone " . he scream when the first few round hit , but he scream stop about halfway through the barrage . that 's when he die . his leg bone support he corpse long enough for the last six bullet to reach he . then , as the SOUND of bub' gun echoes away down the corridor , rhode body slide down the wall and crumple to the floor in a heap , leave much of he blood on the orange circle that 's mount behind he . in the MAIN chamber , a zombie take a bite out of spider' shoulder . it pull out a big chunk of flesh , and with it , stuck in the creature's teeth , come one of the nitro vial . several Zombies be pull at the woman . she be still reach for the powder magazine door but the ghoul be pull she away . the creature with the test tube in its mouth pull the bothersome thing out from between its tooth . it study the vial curiously for a moment , then it toss it angrily towards spider , toward the magazine door ... ka-blooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooom !!! 162 int . the MAIN chamber ( efx ) - night a hallacious fireball rip through the cave . 163 int . the conditioning room - night bub stand in the open doorway stare at rhode ' still twitching corpse . he slap he six - gun back into they leather holsters , then he shoot off one of that military salute of he .... just as the wall fall in on he . 164 ext . the fishing boat - night the refugees stare toward the island as a huge booooom fill the night . some of the younger child start to cheer as though watch firework on the fourth of July . 165 ext . gasparilla's island ( there p.o.v . ) - night the top blows off the island , just as toby predict be would . it 's as though a enormous underground volcano be explode . it 's a frightening ... yet beautiful sight . 166 ext . the fishing boat - night toby look back over he shoulder . the nurse be kneel beside the body of trick . he 's dead . the woman pull a blanket up over he head . toby step forward , he pistol draw . he pull the hammer back and aim at trick ' head . sarah no. do not . wait . wait to see if ... wait until it 's necessary . toby turn and look at mary . she nod . he release the pistol hammer without fire . dissolve to : 167 ext . another island ( wide EST . ) - morning gorgeous , a paradise . birdsong fill the air . 168 ext . a river on the island - morning the regugees be all gather . the child walk , one by one , through the shallow as JOHN baptise they . sarah , mary and the nurse carry the infant . when the infant in sarah be arm have be touch by JOHN be hand , sarah do not move on . instead , she look up into the big man 's warm eye . sarah I too ... please . JOHN gently cup a handful of river water and pour it on the woman 's forehead . the other adult , lead by lukey , file into the river , all lining up before the baptist , wait they turn to be bless into this tiny new society . 169 ext . a beach on the island - morning trick ' body lie cover in the sand . the refugees be gather again , head bow , while JOHN speak . JOHN Satan be not send this man back . not yet , anyway . so we all hopin ' that maybe he 's up there with you , Lord . this might be the first decent soul we be able to offer ya in quite a few year . that 's a fact . we just gonna ... pray , Lord . we gonna pray that what seem to be happenin ' here ... be really happenin ' ... and I be gonna take the chance and speak this word that I be not be able to speak for so long ... May he rest in peace the other amen . 170 ext . the beach - night the corpse lie in the moonlight . night criteer screech and burble in the jungle behind the sand . it 's a eerie scene . sarah be sit up , she rifle ready in she lap , watch the body . JOHN step in behind and she startles . JOHN just I . I will take the next shift . he settles easily down beside the woman . the two stare together at the shroud corpse . sarah how long do we have to watch he ? JOHN forever , darlin ' . forever . ' til he turn to dust and blow away on the wind . the body lie silent , rigid under the khaki army blanket that rise and fall , rise and fall with the Gulf breeze . suddenly ...a loud music chord ! a sudden movement ! it 's the movement of red letter that spin up off the head of the corpse and settle before we eye . the letter read : " the end ( I promise ) "