< !-- if ( window ! = top ) top.location.href=location.href / / --> kday of heaven '' by Terry malick revised : 6/2/76 day of heaven " by Terry malick revised : 6/2/76 setting the story be set in Texas just before the first World War . cast of character bill : a young man from Chicago follow the harvest . ABBY : the beautiful young woman he love . chuck : the owner of a vast wheat ranch ( " bonanza " ) in the Texas panhandle . URSULA : Abby 's young sister , a reckless child of 14 . benson : the bonanza foreman , a enemy of the newcomer . miss carter : Chief domestic at the belvedere , Chuck 's home . mclean : Chuck 's accountant . GEORGE : a young pilot who interest Ursula . a preacher , a doctor , a organist , various harvest hand , lawmen , vaudevillian , etc . " troops of nomad sweep over the country at harvest time like a visitation of locust , reckless young fellow , handsome , profane , licentious , give to drink , powerful but inconstant workmen , quarrelsome and difficult to manage at all time . they come in the season when work be plenty and wage high . they dress well , in they own peculiar fashion , and make much of they freedom to come and go . " " they tell of the city , and sinister and poisonous jungle all city seem in they storey . they be scar with battle . they come from the far-away and unknown , and pass on to the north , mysterious as the flight of locust , leave the people of Sun prairie quite as ignorant of they real name and character as upon the first day of they come . " hamlin garland , Boy life on the prairie ( 1899 ) day of heaven 1 int . chicago mill - series of angle worker in a dark Chicago mill pound molten iron out in flame sheet . the year be 1916 . 2 ext . mill bill , a handsome young man from the slum , and he brother steve sit outside on they lunch break talk with a older man name blackie . by the look of he flashy clothes blackie be not a worker . blackie listen , if I ever see a tit , this here 's a tit . you understand ? candy . my kid sister could do this one . pure fuck candy would melt in you hand . do not take brain . just a set of rock . I tell you this already . steve blackie , you tell I it be go to snow in the winter , I would go out and bet against it . you know ? ( to Bill ) there be nothing , nothing in the world , dumber than a dumb guinea . blackie okay , all right , fine . why should I be do favor for a guy that be not do I any favor ? I must be lose my grip . ( pause ) I get to give it to you , though . couple of guy look like you just roll in on a wagonload of chicken . you ever get laid ? steve sure . blackie without a lot of talk , I mean ? ' Cause I be beginning to understand this guy , go down the hotel , pick something up for a couple of buck . it 's clean , and you know what you be in for . 3 ext . alley Sam the collector 's gang swagger around in the alley behind a textile plant . one of they have file he tooth down to point and stick diamond in between they . another wear big suspender . Sam and Bill appear to know one another . SAM hey , billy , you make a mistake . you make somebody mad . nothing personal , okay ? it 's just gotta be do . you make a mistake . happens in the best of family . bill I pay you everything I have . search I . the rest he get next week . SAM listen , what happen if I do not do this ? I gotta leave town ? bill I could do something , you know . you guy wanta do something to I , I know who to tell about it . you guy ought to think about that . SAM you maybe already do something . maybe that 's why you be here , on account of you already do something . bill I have not do anything . SAM then you be all right , billy . razor teeth you get nothing to worry about . SAM cut it out , billy , all right ? you know what can happen to a guy that do not wanta do what people tell he ? you know . so do not give we a lot of trouble . you be liable to get everybody all piss off . Sam , a busy man , check he watch . 4 new angle Bill put he hand on the ground . Sam drop a keg of roofing nail on it and , he work do , leave with he gang . Bill sob with pain . 5 ext . lot beyond mill Bill and Steve drag a safe by a rope through a vacant lot beyond the mill . blackie walk behind . blackie you know what I be do with my end ? buy a boat . get that ? I have a boat . I have a nice apartment , I have a boat . margie do not like that . we get to have a house . " I can not afford no house , " I say . she say , " sell the boat . " I do not want to sell my boat . I do not want to buy the house . I sell the boat , I buy the house . nine year we have the house , eight of they she 's after I , we should get another boat . I give up . steve same as always , I do all the work , you gripe about it . suddenly four policemen surprise they from ambush . Bill let go of the rope and start to run . Steve do not give up immediately , however , and they shoot he down . Bill pick up Steve 's gun and fire back . Three of the policeman go chase after blackie , whom they soon bring to heel . the FOURTH stay behind take potshot at Bill while he attend to Steve . 6 tight on steve Steve , badly wounded , be about to die . steve run . get out of here . bill ( weep ) I love you so much . why do not you run . do not die . Steve die . bullet kick up dust around he . he take off run . one of the bullet have catch he in the shoulder . 7 int . sewer ABBY , a beautiful woman in she late twenty , attend to Bill 's wound in a big vault sewer . her sister URSULA , a reckless girl of14 , stand watch . bill ( weep ) they shot the shit out of he . my brother . I could not believe what I be see . ABBY hold still , or I can not do anything . bill I love you , Abby . you be so good to I . remember how much fun we have , on the roof ... 8 ext . roof - matte shot Bill and Abby flirt on the root of a tenement , happily in love . the city stretch out behind they . 9 int . bed - quick CUT Abby lie shiver with fever . Bill spoon hot soup into she mouth . Ursula roll paper flower for extra change . bill ( o.s . ) ( continue ) ... even when you be sick and I be in the mill . 10 int . mill - quick CUT ( various angle of other worker ) Bill work in the glow of a blast furnace . he do not seem quite in place with the rest of the worker . a pencil moustache lend a desire gentlemanliness to he appearance . he look fall on hard time , without ever have know any better -- like chaplin , a immigrant lose in the heartless city , with dim hope for a better way of life . bill ( o.s . ) I will not let you go back in the mill . people die in there . I be a man , and I can look out for you . 11 ext . siding outside mill along a railroad spur outside the mill , Abby and Ursula glean bit of coal that have fall from the tender . bill ( o.s . ) we be go west . thing gotta be better out there . 12 ext . tenement a policeman , look for Bill , rough Abby up behind the tenement where they live . suddenly Bill run out from a doorway and slam he over the head with a clay pitcher full of water . policeman what would you do ? Bill shrug , then hit he again , knock he unconscious , when he reach for a gun . Abby call Ursula and they take off run , Bill stop only to collect some of they laundry off a clothesline . 13 ext . freight yard they hop a freight train . 14 credit ( over existing photo ) the credit run over black and white photo of the Chicago they be leave behind . Pigs roam the gutter . Street urchin smoke cigar butt under a stairway . a blind man hawk stale bread . dirty child play around a drip hydrant . Laundry hang out to dry on tenement fire escape . Police look for a thief under a bridge . irish gang stare at the camera , curious how they will look . the credit end . 15 ext . moving train Abby and Bill sit atop a train racing through the wheat country of the Texas panhandle . bill I like the sunshine . ABBY everybody do . they laugh . she be dress in man 's clothes , she hair tuck up under a cap . they be share a bottle of wine . bill I never want to fall in love with you . ABBY nobody ask you to . he draw she toward he . she pull away . bill what 's the matter ? a while ago you say I be irresistible . I still be . ABBY that be then . she push she nose up against he chest and sniff around . bill you play mousie again ? ABBY I love how nice and hard you shoulder be . and you hair be light . you be not a soft , greasy guy that put bay rum on every night . bill I love it when you have be drink . ABBY you be not greasy , Bill . you have any idea what that mean ? bill kind of . they share the boxcar with a crowd of other harvest hand . Ursula be among they , also dress like a man . Bill gesture out at the landscape . bill look at all that space . oweee ! we should have do this a long time ago . it 's just we and the road now , Abby . ABBY we be all still together , though . that 's all I care about . 16 ext . jerkwater the train slow down to take on water . the hand jump off . each carry he " bindle " -- a blanket and a few personal effect wrap in canvas . tough with ax handle be on hand to greet they . the harvester speak a babel of tongue , from german to uzbek to swedish . only English be rare . some retain odd bit of they national costume , they be pathetic figure , lonely and dignify and so far from home . other , in split shoe and sockless foot , be tramp . most be honest worker , though , here to escape the summer heat in the factory of the East . they dress inappropriately for farm work , in the latest fashion . bill elbow room ! oweee ! give I a chance and I be go to dance ! Bill strut around with a napoleonic air , in a white Panama hat and gaiter , take in the vista . under he arm he carry a sword cane with a pearl handle . it please he , in this small way , to set himself apart from the rest of toil humanity . he want it know that he be bear to great thing . 17 new angle Bill come upon a big man whose face be cover with blood . bill good , very good . where you from , mister ? big man Cleveland . bill like to see the other guy . Bill help he to he foot and dust he off . a tough walk up . tough you do this shit ? ( pause ) then keep it move . bill oh yeah ? who be you ? the tough hit Bill across the head with he ax handle . tough name be morrison . Bill look around to see whether Abby have see this . she have not . he walk dizzily off down the track . 18 new angle he take Abby by the arm . ABBY what happen to you ear ? bill nothing . she be a sultry beauty -- emancipate , full of bright hope and a zest for life . her costume do not fool the man . wherever she go they ogle she insolently . ext . wagon the foremen of the surround farm wait by they wagon to carry the worker off . a flag pole be plant by each wagon . that who do not speak English negotiate they wage on a blackboard . benson , a leathery man of fifty , bellow through a megaphone . in the background a newcomer to the harvest talk with a veteran . benson shocker ! four more and I be leave . bill how much you pay ? benson man can make three dollar a day , he want to work . bill who be you kid ? Bill mill around . they have no choice but to accept he offer . benson sacker ! Abby step up . benson take she for a young man . benson you ever sack before ? she nod . transcriber 's note : the follow seven line of dialogue between the newcomer and the veteran run concurrent with the previous six line of dialogue between benson and Bill and Abby . in the original script they be type in two column run side - by-side down the page . ***** newcomer ( o.s . ) how 's the pussy up there ? veteran not good . where you from ? newcomer ( o.s . ) Detroit . veteran how 's the pussy up there ? newcomer ( o.s . ) good . ( pause ) the guy tough out here ? veteran ( o.s . ) not so tough . how about up there ? newcomer ( o.s . ) tough . ***** benson when 's that ? ABBY last year . he wave she on . Abby nod at Ursula . ABBY you be make a mistake , you pass this kid up . benson get on . he snap he finger at she . Bill climb up ahead of the woman . anger make he extremely polite . bill you do not need to say it like that . benson ignore this remark but dislike Bill from the first . 20 ext . plain benson 's wagon roll across the plain toward the razumihin , a " bonanza " or wheat ranch of spectacular dimension , its name spell out in whitewash rock on the side of a hill . 21 ext . bonanza gate ( near sign ) the wagon pass under a large arch , set in the middle of nowhere , like the gate to a vanish kingdom . goat peer down from on top . Bill look at Abby and raise he eyebrow . 22 ext . belvedere at the center of the bonanza , amid a tawny sea of grain , stand a gay victorian house , three storey tall . where most farm house stand more sensibly on low ground , protect from the element , " the belvedere " occupy the high ridge around , commanding the view and esteem of all . filigree of gingerbread adorn the eave . cottonwood sapling , six foot high , have recently be plant in the front . peacock fuss about the yard . there be a lawn swing and a flagpole , use like a ship 's mast for signal distant part of the bonanza . a wind generator supplies electric power . a white picket fence surround the house , though its purpose be unclear ; where the prairie leave off and the yard begin be impossible to tell . bison drift over the hill like boat on the ocean . Bill shout at the nearest one . bill yo , beevo ! 23 tight on chuck chuck artunov , the owner - - a man of great reserve and dignity , still a bachelor - - stand on the front porch of the belvedere high above , observe the new arrival . 24 ext . dormitory benson drop the hand off at the dormitory , a hundred yard below , a plain clapboard building with a ceiling of expose joist . Ursula see Chuck watch they . URSULA whose place be that ? benson the owner 's . do not none of you go up around he place . first one that do be fire . I be warning you right now . in the warm July weather most of the hand forsake the dorm to spread they bedroll around a strawpile or in the hayloft of the nearby barn . Abby and Bill slip off to share a cigarette . Ursula tag behind . 25 ext . rock Bill lift a big rock . Abby applaud . Ursula kneel down behind he . Abby push he over backwards . 26 ext . barn Ursula gasp as Abby tumble off the roof of the barn and fall through the air scream : ABBY ur ! she land in a straw pile . 27 tight on ABBY and bill Bill take Abby by the hand , spin she around until she be thoroughly dizzy , then grasp she across the chest . bill ready ? she giggle she consent . he crush she in a bear hug until she be just on the verge of pass out , then let she go . she sink to the grass , in a daze of sweet intoxication . 28 ext . lantern - night Bill look deeply into Abby 's eye by the light of a lantern that night . they have make a shallow cut on they thumb and press they together mixing they blood like child . bill you be all I have get , Abby . no , really , everything I ever have be a complete piece of garbage except you . ABBY I know . they laugh . he bend to kiss she . she pull away . bill sometimes I think you do not like man . ABBY as individual ? very seldom . she kiss he lovingly . 29 ext . wheat field - dawn the sun peer over the horizon . the wheat make a sound like a waterfall . it stretch for as far as the eye can see . a preacher have come out , in a cassock and surplice , to offer prayer of thanksgive . preacher " ... that you day may be multiply , and the day of you child , in the land which the Lord swore unto you father to give they , as the day of ' heaven upon the earth . " the harvester spit and rub they hand as they wait for the dew to burn off . they have sleep in they coat . the dawn have a raw edge , even in summer . 30 tight on wheat Chuck look to see if the wheat be ready to harvest . he shake the head ; they make a sound like paper . he snap off a handful , roll they between he palm , blow away the chaff and pinch the kernel that remain to make sure they have grow properly hard . tiny sound be magnify in the early morning stillness : grasshopper snap through the air , a cough , a distant hawk . he pop the kernel into he mouth , chew they up , and roll the wad around in he mouth . satisfied , he spit it out and give a nod . the preacher begin a prayer of thanksgive . two acolyte flank he , one with a smoking censer , the other with a crucifix . all repeat the " amen . " benson make a tug signal with he arm . a case tractor - - forty ton of iron , steam - drive , as big and as powerful as a locomotive - - blast its whistle . this be the moment they have be wait all year for . 31 other field - series of angle a signalman with two hand flag pass the message on from the crest of a nearby hill . in the far-flung field of the bonanza other tractor answer as other crew set to work . Abby and Bill join in , Bill reap the wheat with a mow machine call a binder , Abby prop the bound sheave together to make bunch or " shock . " a cloud of chaff rise over the field , melting the sun down to a cold red bulb . Abby be well turn out , in a boater and string tie , as though she be plan any moment to leave for a picnic . Bill , too , dress with a eye to flashy fashion : tight dark trousers , a silk handkerchief stick in the back pocket with a copy of the Police gazette , low - top calfskin boot with high heel and point toe , a shirt with ruffle cuff , and a big signet ring . while at work he wear a white smock over all this to keep the chaff off . it give he the air more of a researcher than a worker . the harvester itch madly as the chaff get into they clothes . the shock , full of briar , cut they hand ; smut and rust make the cut sting like fire . nobody talk . from time to time they raise a chant . Ursula , pluck chicken by the cookhouse - - a shack on wheel -- steal a key chain from a unwatch coat . benson follow the reaper around the field in a buggy . he keep they hour , chide loafer , check the horse , etc . the harvester be city people . few of they be train to farming . most -- Abby and Bill be no exception -- have contempt for it and anybody dull enough to practice it . tight control be therefore exercise to see that the machine be not damage . where the other loaf whenever benson 's back be turn , Bill work like a demon , as a point of pride . 32 chuck and benson lightn shiver through the cloud along the horizon . Chuck look concerned . benson consult a windsock . benson should miss we . chuck they must be have trouble over there , though . Abby , pass by , lift she hat to wipe she face . as she do she hair fall out of the crown . woman be rare in the harvest field . one so beautiful be unprecedented . chuck I do not know we have any woman on . benson ( surprised ) I think she be a boy . should I get rid of she ? chuck no . 33 montage a cook stand on the horizon wave a white flag at the end of a fishing pole . Ursula bound through the wheat blow a horn . benson consult the large clock strapped to the back of he buggy , then fire a smoke pistol in the air . they face black with chaff , the hand fall out in silence . they shuffle across the field toward the cookhouse , keep they foot close to the ground to avoid be spike by the stubble . 34 ext . cookhouse - stubble field in b.g . the cook , oriental in homburg , serve from plank throw across sawhorse . the hand cuff and push each other around as they wash up . the water , bring up fresh in wagon from the well , make they gasp . a ice wagon and a fire truck be park nearby . most sit on the ground to eat , under awning or beach umbrella dot around the field like toadstool . the belvedere be visible mile away on the horizon . Bill be carry Abby 's lunch to she when a loutish dutch man make a crack . dutchman you sister keep you warm at night ? Bill throw a plate of stew at he and they be quickly in a fight . no fist be use , just food . the other pull they apart . Bill storm away , flick mashed potato off he shirt . 35 ext . grain wagon - stubble field in b.g. Bill and Abby sit by themselves in the shade of a grain wagon . demoralize , Abby soak she hand in a pail of bran water . Bill inspect they anxiously . they be swollen and crack from the morning 's work . ABBY I run a stubble under my nail . bill do not you ever learn how to take care of yourself ? I tell you to keep the glove on . what can I do if you do not listen ? Bill press she wrist against he cheek , ashamed that he can do nothing to shield she from such indignity . in the b.g. a man with a fungo bat hit fly to some men with baseball glove . bill you can not keep on like this . ABBY what else can we do ? she nod at the other . ABBY anyway , if they can , I can too . bill that bunch ? do not compare yourself to they . she flexe she finger . they seem lame . bill you drop off this weak . I can make enough for we both . it be a crime to bring you out here . somebody like you . ( pause ) right now , what I be do , I be just drag you down . ( pause ) maybe you should go back to Chicago . we have get enough for a ticket , and I can send you what I make . he seem a little surprised when she do not reject this idea out of hand . perhaps he fear that if she ever do go back , he might never see she again . bill what 's the matter ? she begin to cry . he take she in he arm . bill I know how you feel , honey . thing will not always be this way . I promise . 36 ABBY and bill - chuck Pov the man knock out they pipe as benson 's whistle summon they back to they station . benson tick tockl tick tock ! nothing move but the clock ! Bill pull Abby to she foot . he see the dutchman he fight with and shoot he the finger . ABBY you better be careful . bill of he ? he 's just a. sack of shit . ABBY stop it ! he 's liable to see you . bill I want he to . he 's the one better be careful . 37 tight on chuck Chuck look on . something about she captivate hint , not so much she beauty -- which only make she seem beyond he reach -- as the way she take it utterly for grant . 38 montage ( dissolves ) the work go on through the afternoon . the pace be stern and incessant , and for a reason : a storm could rise at any moment and sweep the crop flat , or a dry wind shrivel they up . a series of dissolves give the sense of many day pass . iany moment and sweep the crop flat , or a dry wind shrivel they up . animal -- snake and gopher , rabbit and fox -- dart through the field into the deep of the wheat , not realize they sanctuary be grow ever smaller as the reaper make they round . the moment will come when they will every one be kill with rake and flail . the wheat change color in the wind , like velvet . as the sun drop toward the horizon a dew set , make the straw hard to cut . benson fire he pistol . a vine of smoke sink lazily through the sky . as the worker move off , the field grow vast and inhospitable . oil well can be see here and there amid the grain . 39 ext . abby' row Bill help Abby finish up a row . thousands of shock stretch out in the distance . benson come up behind she , make a spray of the stalk that she miss . benson you must have pass over a dozen bushel here . I be docking you three dollar . bill what be you talk about ? that 's not fair . benson then leave . you be fire . Abby be speechless . Bill squeeze the small rubber ball which he carry around to improve he grip and swallow he pride . bill bill wait a minute . benson you want to stay ? ( pause ) then shut up and get back to work . benson leave . Abby cover Bill 's embarrassment . bill I guess he mean it . she turn she back to he and go about pick up the sheaf benson throw down . bill he do . ask he . if you can not sing or dance , what do you do in this world ? you might as well forget it . ising or dance , what do you do this world ? you might as wellu rorget it . 40 ext . stock pond - dusk they day 's work do , the man swim naked in a stock pond . they face be black , they body white as a baby 's . a retriever plunge through the water fetching stick . 41 ext . road - dusk some bowl with they hat on in a dusty road and argue in italian . 42 ext . belvedere - doctor be wagon - dusk a physician 's wagon stand in front of the belvedere . Bill hunt nervously through it for medicine to soothe Abby 's hand . not know quite what to look for , he sniff whatever catch he eye . suddenly the front door open and Chuck step out with a doctor , a stoop old man in a black frock coat . Bill , surprised , crouch behind the wheel . as they draw closer they conversation become faintly audible . chuck ( o.s . ) how long you give it ? doctor ( o.s . ) could be next month . could be a year . hard to say . anyway , I be sorry . chuck ( o.s . ) get to happen sometime . they shake hand 43 new angle - duski the Doctor snap he whip at the horse . Bill grab hold I the Doctor snap he whip at the horse . Bill grab hold of the back of the wagon and let it drag he away from the belvedere . the belvedere . - 44 ext . barn - dusk Ursula and Abby case the barn for dinner . Abby point at a pair of peacock strutting by , nod to Ursula and put a finger over she lip . Ursula , with a giggle , followsone while Abby stalk the other . 45 ext . rapeseed field - series of angle - dusk the peacock , a resplendent white , lead Abby through a bright yellow rapeseed field . it keep just out of reach , as though it be entice she on . as though it be entice she on . ' U all at once she look up with a start . Chuck be stand in front of she , dress in he habitual black . the belvedere rise behind he like a castle in a fairy tale . she remember benson 's warning that this be forbidden ground . ABBY ( afraid ) I forget where I be . chuck do not worry . where you from ? ABBY Chicago . chuck we hardly ever see a woman on the harvest . there be a small rip in the side of she shirt , which the camera observe with Chuck . she pull she sweater over it . chuck you like the work ? ( she shrug ) where do you go from here ? ABBY Wyoming and place . I have never be up that way . you think I will like it ? he shrug . shy at first , she begin to open up . ABBY that dog belong to you that be run around here ? that little pointer ? ( he nod ) what 's he name chuck buster . ABBY he seem like a good dog . chuck I think so . ABBY he come over and try to eat my bread from lunch . chuck maybe I should keep he pen up . ABBY ( smile ) you ask I ? 46 ext . spit - dusk Bill find Ursula roasting a peacock on a spit . she have arrange some of its tail feather in she hair . bill you be get prettier every day . URSULA be not you sweet ! bill depend how people be with I . where 's Abby ? I find she something . he hold out a jar of salve . Ursula shrug . bill she mention anything to you about go back ? ( pause ) what ? Ursula have no idea what he be talk about . 47 ext . straw stack - magic hourmost of the worker be fast asleep around the strawp±l U most of the worker be fast asleep around the strawpile , they body radiating out like the spoke of a wheel . a few stay up late to shoot dice in the back of a wagon . 48 ext . separate stack - magic hour Abby and Bill have laid they bedroll out by a stack away from the other . a fire burn nearby . Abby look at the star . Bill shine he shoe . the straw be fragrant as thyme . ABBY I have have it . bill you be tired , that 's all . I be go to find you another blanket . ABBY no , it 's not that . I be not tired . I just can not . bill do not you want to be with I ? ABBY you know I do . it 's just that , well , I be not a bum , Bill . bill I know . I tell you though , this be only for a while . then we be go to New York . then we be New York . ABBY and after that ? bill then we be there . then we get fix up . ABBY you mean spend one night in a flophouse and start look for work . they be silent for a moment . bill you should go back . ABBY and leave you ? I could not do that . ( pause ) someday , when I be die , I would like somebody to ask I if I still see life the same way as before -- and I would like they to write down what I say . it might be interesting . I suddenly they look around . the chief domestic at the belvedere , a churlish lady name miss carter , stand above they with a salver of fruit and roast fowl . bill ( suspicious ) what 's go on ? who send it ? she nod up toward the belvedere and set it down . I bill what for ? she withdraw with a shrug . she do not appear to relish this duty . Bill watch she walk back to the buggy she come down in . benson wait beside it . U bill ( to Abby ) she 's the kind would not tell you if you coat be on fire . U 49 new angle - magic houri Abby , with the look of a child that have wander into aI magic world , dig in . Bill look on , suspicious of the_ motive behind this generosity . 50 ext . field with oil well - ursula's theme - magic hour a bank of cloud move across the moon . Ursula roam the field , keen with unsatisfy intelligence . the stubble hiss as a hot wind blow up from the South , drive bit of grain into she face like sleet . from time to time she do a cartwheel . equipment cool in the field . Little jet of steam escape the boiler of the tractor . Ursula stop in front of a donkey well . it nod up and down in ceaseless agreement , pump up rich from deep in the earth . 51 ext . bedroom window - magic hour the camera move through the bedroom window to find Chuck asleep on he pillow . the wind tap the curtain into the room . 52 ext . father in chair - quick CUT Chuck dream of a biblical figure with a long plait room . u52ext . Chuck dream of a biblical figure with a long plait beard , in a frock coat and astrakhan hat , sit in a_ chair on the open prairie , guard he land with a brace of gun . this man will later be identify as he father . 53 ext . field - day the next day benson yell through a megaphone from atop a stool . benson hold you horse ! I the huge tractor start up with a bang . despite benson 's warning a team of percheron break free . thresh , the separate of the wheat from the chaff , have begin . 54 ext . separator - series of anglesi sixty foot belt connect the tractor to the separate machine , huge rattletrap device that shell the wheat out at deafen volume . benson toss bundle down the hiss maw , squirt oil into the gear , tighten belt , chew out a man who 's slice a hand on the driveshaft , etc . Bill work on the straw pile at the back of the machine , in a soft rain of chaff , spread it out with a pitchfork . Ursula help stoke the tractor with coal and water . when nothing be require of she she sneak off to burrow in the straw . gingerbread on the eave of the tractor give they a victorian appearance . tall flag mark they position in the field . Abby move quickly , without a moment 's rest , sewing up the sack of grain as they be measure out at the bottom of the separator . a clowning worker come up and smell she U like a flower . 55 ext . grain elevatorsu fully laden wagon set off toward distant grain elevator . U 56 ext . couch on ridge Chuck and mclean , he accountant , sit on a ridge away from the chaff , in the shade of a beach umbrella . Chuck keep track of operation through a telescope . we last view of Abby , we realize , be from he Pov . a plush Empire couch have be draw up for he to rest in . at a table beside it , McLean compute the yield . mclean this must be wrong . no , dammit , nineteen bushel a acre . Chuck sail he hat out in the stubble with a whoop . McLean lean over he add machine , cackle like a thief . mclean say it go at fifty - five cent a bushel , that mean a profit of four dollar and seventy - five cent per acre . multiply by twenty thousand and you be talk over six figure . I chuck Big year . mclean you biggest ever . this could make you the richest man in thepanhandle . ( pause ) you ought to get out while you be this far ahead . you will never do better . I mean it . you have nothing to gain by stay . U nothing to gain by stay . I chuck I want to expand . I want to run this land clear to the Oklahoma border . next spring I will . mclean and gamble everything ? U ( he nod ) I you be crazy . chuck I be out here all my life . selling this place would be like cut my heart out . this be the only home I ever have . this I be where I belong . besides , I do not want to live in town . I could not take my dog . I 57 chuck Pov - telescope matte Chuck take another look at Abby through the telescope . 25 58 ext . buggy Bill drink from the water barrel at the back of benson 's U buggy , he eye fix on Chuck 's distan bill Big place here . benson the President 's go to pay a visit next time he come West . U bill get a smoke ? benson no . I Bill put he hat back on . he keep wet cottonwood leave in the crown to cool himself off . bill why 's that guy drag a expensive piece of furniture out here ? reason I ask be he 's go to ruin thefinish and have to strip it . I benson hesitates , uncertain whether he might be divulge a confidence . benson he 's not well . bill what 's the matter with he ? I benson immediately regret have speak so freely . he check he watch to suggest Bill should get back to work . this uneasiness confirm Bill 's sense that Chuck be gravely ill . 59 ext . separator - duski Abby be sewing up she last sack by the separator that evening when Chuck walk up , still in the flush of McLean 's good news . the other have finish and leave to wash up . he sit down and help she . shy and upright , he do not know quite how to behave with a woman . chuck probably be all do tomorrow . ( pause ) you still plan on go North ? she nod and draw she last stitch . Chuck muster he courage . it must be now or never . chuck reason I ask be maybe you would like to stay on . be easier than now . there 's hardly any work after harvest . the pay be just as good , though . better in fact . ABBY why're you offer I this ? my honest face ? Chuck take a moment to compose he reply . chuck I have watch you work . think about it . ABBY maybe I will . she back off toward Bill , who be wait in the distance . chuck who 's that ? ABBY ( hesitant ) my brother . Chuck nod . 60 new angle - dusk she join Bill . he give she a melon , want to pick up she spirit . bill this be all I could find . you feel better ? ( she shrug ) what would he want ? they look at each other . 61 ext . river - dusk as Bill and Abby bathe in the river that evening , he tell she what he seem to have learn about Chuck 's state of health . down the way Ursula sit under a tree play a guitar . otherwise they be alone . they all wear bathing suit , Bill a shirt as well . billu it must be something wrong with he lung . ( pause ) he do not have any family , either .his lung . I ( pause ) I ABBY so what ? Bill shrug . do he have to draw she a picture ? a shy , virginal light have descend over the world . crane peer at they from the tamarack . bill tell he you will stay . ABBY what for ? Bill be wonder what might happen if Chuck get interested enough to marry she . be not he soon to die , leave a vast inheritance that will otherwise go to waste ? bill you know I love you , do not you ? ABBY yes . Abby guess what be go through he mind , and it shock she . ABBY oh , Bill ! he take she into he arm , full of emotion . I bill what else can we really do ? I know how you feel , but we keepon this way , in five year we will be wash up . he catch a stick drift by and throw it further down stream . bill you ever think about all that lady parade up and down U Michigan Avenue ? bunch of whore ! you be better than any I of they . you ever think how they get where they be ? he want to breathe hope into she . he think of himself as respond to what she need and secretly want . when she do not answer he give up with a sigh . bill let 's forget it . ABBY I know what you mean , though . he take she hand , with fresh hope of convincing she . bill we be not mean to end up like this . at least you be not . you could be something . I have hear you sing . you have a lot of fine quality that need to come out . Ursula , too . what . U kind of people be she meeting up with , riding the rod ? the girl 's never have a clean shot -- never will . she oughta be in school . ABBY ( nodd ) you would not say this if you really love I . bill but I do . you know I do . this just show how much . we be shit I out of luck , Abby . people need luck . what be you cry about ? oh , do not tell I . I already know . all on account of you unhappy life and all that stuff . well , we gotta do something about it , honey . we can not expect anybody else to . Abby run into the wood . U bill always the lady ! well , you do not know how thing work in this country . this be why every hunkie I ever meet be go nowhere . ( pause ) why do you want to make I feel worse than I already do ? bill ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) you people get hold of the guy that 's pass out dough , give I he my name , would you ? I would appreciate it . 62 tight on bill Bill skim rock off the water to calm himself down . hei feel that somehow he do not get to say what he want to . U 63 ext . wood by river Abby be dress in the cool woven shade of the wood when Ursula , she face cake with a mask of river mud , jump from the bush with a shriek , scare the wit out of she sister . 64 ext . belvedere - dusku on they way home they pass the belvedere . a single light burn on the second floor . Abby pick cornflower to put in she hair . Bill run he hand down she back . ABBY why're you touch I that way ? he shrug . muffled by the wall of the house , above the cry of the peafowl , they can faintly hear Chuck sing to himself . bill he 's sing . ABBY he can not be too sick if he 's sing to himself . bill he might be sing to God . they look at each other and smile . it do not appear that she have hold what he say by the river against he . Bill stand for a moment and look up at the belvedere before pass on . 65 ext . separator , last sheave , rat work go on the next day . as they near the last sheave of unthresh grain , hundred of rat burst out of hide . the harvester go after they with shovel and stone . the dog chase down the one that escape . 66 benson and chuck benson and Chuck smile at each other . benson we should be do around four . they improvise a chat about past harvest . year of share hardship have draw they close . Chuck trail off in the middle of a reminiscence . something else weigh on he mind . chuck ( shyly ) you put she on the slowest machine ? benson nod . U 67 new angle the thresh be do . a bundle be pitch into the separator backwards , snap it abruptly to a stop . the drive belt whip along the ground like a mad snake . 68 ext . payroll tablei all hand line up at the payroll table . McLean give out they wage in twist of newspaper . Chuck and benson shake they hand . 69 tight on bill and sorrowful man a sorrowful man show Bill a picture of a woman . sorrowful man and I let somebody like that get away from I . redhead . lose she to a guy name Ed . just let it happen . should have go out there outside the city limit and shot he . I just about do , too . ( pause ) if you be knock yourself out like this , I hope it 's for a woman . and I hope she 's good look . you understand ? 70 tight on ABBY and ursulai Abby snatch a cigarette out of Ursula 's mouth , take a drag and throw it away . when Ursula go to pick it up , she stamp it out . ABBY do not spend a cent of that . URSULA why do not you leave I alone ? U ABBY I be not go to sit around and watch you throw you life away . nobody 's go to look at you twice if you have get nothing to you name . Ursula dislike meddlesome adult . she take out a pouch of tobacco to roll another cigarette . Abby swat it out of she hand and chase she off . ABBY you want I to cut a switch ? 71 series of angle - festivity - dusku there be feat of strength and prowess as worker from the many field of the bonanza join to celebrate the harvest home : box , wrestle , barrel jump , rooster bout , bear hug , " crack the whip " and nut fight . two tractor , join by a heavy chain , vie to see which can outpull the other . Chuck lift the back wheel of the separator off the ground ; benson reply by hold a anvil at arm 's length ; they tease each other about show off . a gymnast do flip . they all seem happy as kid on holiday . 72 new angle Bill and Ursula share a cigarette . Ursula try on he sunglass . URSULA we go to stay ? bill if she want to . URSULA you would rather go ? _ Bill , after a moment 's think , shrug . bill she 's the one have to say . you put aspirin in this ? URSULA no . she hand back he sunglass . bill keep they . 73 ext . mud pit - dusk two team of harvester have a tug of war . the loser be drag through a pit of mud . cradle handfuls of slime , they chase the winner off into the dusk . 74 bill and ABBY - duski Bill find Abby sit off by herself , want no part of the festivity . this be the first time since they arrival in Texas we have see she wear a dress . bill sunny Jim , look at this . my first ice cream in six month . and the lady even ask do I want sprinkle on top , thank you . Big , deep dish of ice cream . you could not pay I to leave this place , get you one , too . you should have hear the line I have to give she , though . oowee ! ABBY good , huh ? bill great . ABBY now you be try to coax I . you never use to act like this . Bill throw down the bowl of ice cream . in the distance , some men compete at throw a sledge hammer . bill for as long as I can remember , people be give I a hard time about one thing or another . do not you start in , too ! ABBY you want to turn I into a whore ? bill we do not have to decide anything final now . just if we be go to stay . you never have to touch he if you do not feel like it . Minute you get feed up , we take off . worst that can happen be we have it soft for a while . ABBY something 's make you mean . she walk off , uncertain what Bill really want . bill or else we can forget it . I be not go to spend the whole afternoon on this , though . that I be not go to do . 75 isolated on chuck Chuck watch from a distance , fearful that tonight may be the last he will ever see of she . U 76 tght on ABBY , effigy , mar , etc . I the harvester shape and dress the final sheaf as a woman . the last of they to finish that day carry the effigy at the end of the pole to the belvedere . his mate follow behind , jeer and throw dirt clod at he . U aby watch . we sense that anything she see might I figure in she decision . U Mars hang low and red in the western sky . _ 77 URSULA and drunk Ursula be look at she figure in a pocket mirror when U a drunk appear behind she . I drunk see what happen to you ? Little shit . get out there and make that big money and do not spend time dick around . 78 ext . pit of coal - dusku a feast be laid on . one person roll a flame wheel down a hill . another set off a string of firecracker . german pelt each other with sparerib . Ursula spear hogshead out of a pit of hot coal . the younger men tease she . she be too much of a tomboy to interest any of thmy seriously . the effigy sit off in a chair by itself .• 1 79 tight on ABBY and chuck - duskchuck await Abby 's answer . I ABBY there 's a problem . I have to keep my baby sister with I . someday_ my baby sister with I . someday I be go to save up enough , see , and send she to school . ( pause ) my brother , too . I can not leave he . I Abby fear she have ask too much . Chuck hesitates , but only to suggest he still have the prudence he long since have abandon . chuck there 's work for they , too . ABBY really ? 80 ext . bonfire - dusk . a bonfire burn like a huge eye in the vat of the prairie night . the band strike up a reel . Chuck and Abby lead the dance off , as though to celebrate they agreement . they giant shadow dance with they . soon the other harvester join in . 81 tight on bill - dusku Bill watch Abby dance -- it almost seem in farewell to they innocence . after a moment he turn off into the night . I 82 montage - night_ the effigy be hold over the flame at the end of a pole until it catch fire . the harvester prance around in the dark , trading it from hand to hand . the musician , drunk and happy , bow they heart out . 83 tight on bill - dawn while the other pursue they merriment , Bill walk the field by himself , tremble with grief and indecision . Dawn be break . the eastern sky glow like a forge . suddenly he come upon a wolf . he catch he breath . the wolf stare back at he for a moment , then turn and pad off into the stubble . 84 ext . railroad track - dawneext . railroad track - dawnu early the next morning the harvester wander by the hundred down to the railroad track to catch a train for the North , where the crop be just now come into maturity . a subtle feel of sadness pervade the group . Bill give he sword cane away to a man who seem to have admire it . the man offer he money , but he decline it . 85 ext . train - URSULA and JOHN - later Ursula say goodbye to she favorite , a redhead name JOHN . she be hoarse , as always . JOHN why do not you come with we ? URSULA they will not let I . so when be I go to see you again ? JOHN maybe in cheyenne . she nod okay . they both know they will never see each other again . on a sudden impulse she give he a love note . JOHN what 's this ? she take it back immediately , but he snatch it away from she and , after a brief , giggle scuffle , hop aboard the train , now pick up speed . Ursula run along behind , cursing and throw rock at he . 86 tight on bill and ABBY Bill and Abby look on . bill I tell she , " none of my business ur , I just hope you be not roll around with some redhead be all . " she look I over . " why ? " she say , " what have you guy get that redhead do not ? " I pity that kid . Ursula run up and throw herself tearfully into Abby 's arm . bill what 's the matter ? what would he do ? Bill start off after the train . 87 ext .-" sheep power " Abby tend a wash machine drive by a sheep on a treadmill . Chuck watch from the front step of the belvedere . ABBY I be just about do with this . chuck good . ABBY so what 's next ? chuck next ? ABBY there 's nothing else you want do ? chuck not that I can think of . not right now . miss Carter , the housekeeper , step out on the porch and pour a bucket of milk into a cream separator . ABBY how about the cream ? chuck she take care of that . he nod at miss Carter , who conspicuously let the screen door clap shut as she go back inside . she miss no opportunity to express she disdain for this newcomer . she and benson be the only employee see at the belvedere . several dozen other have stay on after the harvest but they keep to they quarter down at the dorm . ABBY you mean I be do for today ? chuck ( uncomfortably ) something else might come up . in truth , Chuck do not want to see Abby degrade by menial labor , consider she more a guest than a employee . they look at each other . Abby do not know quite what to make of he ABBY well , I be go back to the dorm . chucku be everything okay down there ? in the way of accommodation , I mean . U she nod and wave goodbye . I 88 ext . barn down by the barn Bill teach Chuck how to shoot dice . Chuck feign interest . bill I like to gamble , and I like to win . I make no bone about it . get to where the guy on throop Street would not even lag penny with I on account of I be such a winner . I be start out level with you , you understand . chuck have you ever be in trouble with the law ? Bill look around . Abby would think it impolitic of he to speak so openly with Chuck . billi nothing they could make stick . my problem have always be not have the education . I bullshit my way into school . they give I a test . it be ridiculous . I get in fight . ended up pay for a window . they throw I out . do not blame they either . still , I want to make something of myself . I mean , guy look at you across a desk , you know what they be think . so I go in the mill . could not wait to get in there . begin at seven , get to have a smile on you face . do not work out , though . no matter what you do , sometimes thing just do not go right . it get to you after a while . it give you that feel , " oh hell , what 's the use ? " ( pause ) my dad tell I , forget what the people around you be do . you get enough to worry about without consider what somebody else do . otherwise you get foule up . he use to say ( tapping he temple ) " all you get be this . " only one day you wake up , find you be not the smartest guy in the world , never go to come up with the big score . I really believe when I be grow up that somehow I would . I work like a bastard in that mill . I feel all right about it , though . I feel that somewhere along the line somebody would see I have that special gleam . " hey , you , come over here . " so then I would go . they be silent for a moment . chucki you seem close to you sister . _ bill yeah . we have be together since we be kid . you like she , do not you ? ( pause ) she like you , too . Chuck look down , feel transparent in the pleasure he take at this news . 89 tight on ABBY the camera move back to reveal Abby listen in from the other side of the barn . her eye be full of tear . how can Bill prize she so lightly ? bill ( o.s. ) do not get the wrong idea , though . 90 isolated on bill - lateri Bill sit on the ground read he Police gazette . Abby walk up and without a word of explanation , slap he . he jump up and protest but quickly taper off . she turn on she heel and leave . U Bill sit down feel misunderstand and abuse . do she think all this please he ? 1 91 ext . fairy ring ( prairie ) Chuck , out for a stroll with Abby and Ursula , show they a fairy ring - - a colony of mushroom grow in a circle thirty foot across . URSULA I hear you farmer be big and dumb . you be not so big . where do they learn how to ? ABBY they be so darling ! can you eat they ? Chuck nod . Abby snap the mushroom off flush at the ground . the music underscore this moment . she smile at Chuck as she eat the dark earthy flesh . 92 ext . post they pitch rock at a post and exchange intimacy . Abby have grow more lively . ABBY you know sometimes I think there might have be a mixup at the hospital where i. be bear and that I could actually be the interesting daughter of some big financier . nobody would actually know . I ( pause ) be you in love with I , Chuck , or why be you always so nervous ? chuck ( stumble ) maybe I be . I must be . ABBY why ? on account of something I have do ? chuck because you be so beautiful . ABBY what a nice thing to say . look , I hit it . do you see ? she go right on with they game , as though she attach no great importance to he momentous declaration . 93 tight on chuck and ABBY - lateri Chuck take Abby 's hand for the first time . Abby , startle , give he a gentle smile , then let go . ABBY what about my shoe ? be not they pretty ? u94ext . swing 94 ext . swing Bill sit in a swing and play a clarinet . the music flow out across the field like a night breeze from the city . Abby , pass by , glower at he , as though to ask if thing be go along to he satisfaction . 95 astronomical sight ( stock ) Jupiter , the crab nebula , the canal of Mars , etc . chuck ( o.s . ) it turn out that people might have build they . do that surprise you ? ABBY ( o.s . ) U no . 96 ext . ridge - dawn they be on a ridge opposite the belvedere look at the heaven through Chuck 's telescope . Abby tingles with a sense of wonder . Chuck have open a whole new world to she . ABBY you know so much ! would you bring my sister up here and tell she some of this stuff ? 97 ext . father' grave - night nearby the grave of Chuck 's father stand in helpless witness to Abby 's deception . a cottonwood tree rise against the cold blue sky , still as a statue . 98 tight on book - flashback a hand turn the page of a book from Chuck 's childhood . the text and voice read it be in Russian , the picture of Russian wood folk and animal . 99 ext . virgin prairie - flashback Chuck 's father rush around mark off he property with stake . 100 ext . unfinished sod house - flashback Chuck , ten year old , scour up the blade of a scythe . family effect -- a big green stove , a bird cage , a table stack with melon and a mirror -- stand wait in front of they half - finish sod house . we see no sign of Chuck 's mother . 101 ext . plowed field - flashback a plow fold back the earth . the root of the prairie grass twang like harp string . the plow do , he father sow the seed . Poverty require that for a harrow he drag a tree branch in back of he ox . over he shoulder he carry a rifle . Chuck blow a horn to chase the blackbird off the seed . a scarecrow be rig to he back , to make he more intimidating . 102 chuck and father - flashback Chuck 's father have catch smallpox . his face be cover with sore . Chuck want to embrace he , but the father ward he off with a long stick as he pass on some last instruction in Russian . 103 ext . river - flashback the father stand on a ledge above the river , fill he pocket with rock to weight he down . chuck ( v.0 . ) my father catch smallpox when I be eleven . I fished he out of the river and bury he myself . 104 ext . sand bar - flashback Chuck drag he father 's drown body across a sand bar with a rope . 105 ext . father' grave - flashback Chuck heaps the last bit of earth on he father 's grave . the stove stand as a marker . ABBY ( o.s. ) so who raise you ? chuck ( o.s. ) nobody . do it myself . 106 chuck as boy - with coyote , indian - flashback famish , Chuck eat from the carcass of a coyote . some indian watch he from a ridge . ABBY ( o.s. ) from the time you be a kid ? how ? chuck worked hard , do not fool around . I never see a city . never have time . all I ever do be work . he dig a post hole with a shovel twice he size . 107 pan over hill -dawn the camera pan across Chuck 's vast domain . chuck ( o.s. ) I give my life to that land . but what do I really have now ? it will still be here when I be go . it will not remember I . ( pause ) I would give it all up for you . I could make you happy , too , I think - if only you would trust I . the camera settles on Ursula , play with a dog on a seesaw Chuck have build she , then begin to move again , to a long shot of Chuck and Abby on the ridge by the telescope . Chuck be propose . 108 ext . dorm Abby have tell he of the proposal . Bill brood over a unlit cigarette . be this a great bless or a great misfortune which have befallen they ? ABBY he 's ask I to marry he . bill I never really think he would . ABBY I think you want I to . bill before I do . you cold ? Abby be shiver . Bill take off he jacket and slip it over she shoulder . bill what be you think ? ABBY we have never do anything like this . bill who would know but you and I ? ABBY nobody . bill that 's it , ab . that 's all that matter , be not it ? ABBY you talk like it be all right . it would be a crime . bill but to give he what he want more than anything ? two , three I month of sunshine ? he will never get to enjoy he money anyway . what be you talk about ? we would be show he the first good time of he life . ABBY maybe you be right . at each hint of consent from Abby , Bill feel he must press on . bill you know what they be go to stick on he tombstone ? " bear like a fool , work like a mule . " two line . Abby can not say the proposal be devoid of principle . the idea of ease Chuck 's imminent death give they just the shade of a good motive . this would be a trade . ABBY what make you think we be just talk about a couple of month ? U bill listen , the man 's get one foot on a banana peel and the other on a roller skate . what can I say ? we will be go before theI President show up . he straighten he coat and smooth back he hair , to make she smile , without success . bill hey , I know how you feel . ii hey , I know how you feel . I feel just as bad . like I be stick a icepick in my heart . make I sick just to think about it ! heart . make I sick just to ABBY I hold out a long time . I could have take the first guy with a gold watch , but I hold out . ( pause ) I tell myself that when I find somebody , I would stick by he . bill I know . we be in quicksand , though . we stand around , it 's go to suck we down like everybody else . ( pause ) somewhere along the line you have to make a sacrifice . lot of people want to sit back and take a piece without do nothing . he wait to see how she will respond . half of he want she to turn he down flat . Abby be bewilder . ABBY have I ever complain ? have I say anything that would make you think ... bill you do not have to . I hate it when I see you stoop over and they look at you ass like you be a whore . I personally feel ashamed ! I want to take a .45 and let somebody have it . ( pause ) we get to look on the bright side of this , ab. Year from today we get a chinese butler and no shit from anybody . ( pause ) some people need more and they have , some have more and they need . it 's just a matter of get we all together . ( pause ) I do not even know if I believe what I be say , though . I feel like we be on the edge of a big cliff . Abby look at the ground for a moment , then nod . 109 tight on chuck Chuck lie in bed , daydrean . 110 tight on ABBY and URSULA Ursula decorate Abby 's hair with flower and tell she how pretty she look . 111 ext . river bank the wedding take place along the river . the preacher have come back with he acolyte . a chest of drawer serve as the altar . benson be the best man - - a joyless one . Ursula bounce around in a beautiful gown , look for the first time like a young woman . the band practically outnumber the guest : elder from the local mennonite , the mayor of a few surround town deck out in sashes and medal , etc . 112 tight on ABBY and bill Bill kiss the bride on the cheek . each believe she be go through with this for the other 's sake . they whisper back and forth . ABBY you know what this mean , do not you ? ( he nod ) we will not ever let each other down , will we ? bill I love you more than ever . I always will . I could not do this unless I love you . 113 series of angle the acolyte ring a angelus bell . Chuck slip a sapphire on she finger . the preacher , with outstretch arm , remind they all that they be witness to a great event . 114 sky - abby' Pov Abby , frighten , look off at the roll sky , wonder how all thislook in the sight of heaven . 115 int . bedroom - dusk from she pillow , Abby watch Chuck shyly enter the bedroom he come over and sit down beside she chuck you be wonderful . she be silent for a moment . the wind moan in the rafter ABBY no . but I wish I be . ( pause ) listen . it sound like the ocean . they smile at each other . 116 ext . belvedere - duski Bill watch the light go out in the belvedere . a lump rise to he throat . how exactly do this happen ? he set he jaw , vow not to give way to weakness or jealousy . this be the price they have to pay for a last happiness . 117 tight on ABBY , chuck , etc . the next morning the newlywed set off on they honeymoon . Chuck tell Bill to move he thing from the dorm into the belvedere . Abby , a basket of cucumber under she arm , wave goodbye , angle she wrist so that Bill and Ursula can see the diamond bracelet Chuck have give she . 118 ext . prairiei they steer out across the prairie in a1912 overland auto . Ursula run after they , slap the back fender and hop around on one foot , pretend the other be run over . Abby laugh . she know this stunt . when they be go Ursula turn fiercely on Bill . U URSULA I hate you . bill what for ? do not be any more of a pain in the neck than you gotta be , okay ? she swing at he with she fist . he push she away . _ bill you think I like this ? I be do it for she ! URSULA you scum . Bill slap she . bill still think so ? she throw a rock at he and run off . he catch she , repent of he meanness . bill I know you can not understand this , but there 's nothing I want except good thing for Abby and you . go ahead and hit I back . she hesitates a second , then slap he as hard as she can . blood glisten on he lip . he do not say a word in protest . she look at the wound , horrify , then throw she arm tight around he . 119 ext . pieri Abby and Chuck disembark from a paddleboat steamer at a pier along the river . Chuck look excited . 120 ext . yellowstone pool Chuck and Abby have go to Yellowstone Park for they honeymoon . Abby wade in a pool , wreathe by mist from the underworld . she carry a parasol to protect she from the sun . the tree in the vicinity be bare of leave . 121 ext . antler - freeze frame Chuck kneel with a box camera to photograph a large pair of antler lie on the ground . 122 series of still ( stock ) this photo become the first in a series from they Yellowstone trip : fisherman display sensational catch by a river , buggy vie with early auto on rutte road , the giant beaupre who stand eight foot tall , etc . each of the picture bear a caption . together they make a little story . ABBY ( o.s. ) we see grizzly bear and a boar . the bear scared I the most . they eat garbage . ( whisper ) I be so lonesome . I miss you . 123 tight on bill and ABBY Bill and Abby kiss , renewing old tie . U ABBY there be a mountain partly make of glass , too , but we do not get to see it . and a petrify tree . bill we will go back . ABBY can we ? because there 's a whole lot I do not get to see . Bill straighten up . Chuck sit down on Abby 's other side . 124 ext . dinner table under neti they be have dinner on the lawn in front of the belvedere . a fine mesh net be spread above they like a tent to keep the insect out . Ursula sit on Bill 's lap . he put a hand up the back of she shirt and they play as though she be a ventriloquist 's dummy . 125 tight on rabbit Bill display a rabbit which he train in they absence to perform a card trick . bill ( o.s. ) I have you now , Ed . only thing that can beat I be the ace of spade . ( his name 's ed.. ) her name 's abigail . hungarian name . ( mumble ) Andrew draw Ann . Ann draw Andrew . from the whole of a spread deck it pick the ace of spade . 126 new angle Abby and Chuck applaud . Ursula crank up the victrola and put on a record . Bill stroke the rabbit . bill you know why I like he ? he mind he business and be not full of baloney . Chuck turn to Abby and , for nearly the first time , smile . chuck he 's funny . Bill hold a plate up for Abby to see . limoge china . Abby roll she eye and spit out a cherry pit . they eat like pig , with no respect for bourgeois manners . URSULA you have any talent , Chuck ? chuck no , but I admire people who do . ABBY that 's not so . he can do a duck . show they . bill stand back . get the woman and child someplace safe . Chuck , feel it would be wrong not to enter the spirit of the occasion , do he imitation . the likeness be astonish . Abby wipe a bit of food off he chin with she napkin . Bill drum on the table with he spoon . ABBY you see how modest he be ? bill how would you get along so long without a woman ? Chuck shrug . Ursula make a gesture as though to say by masturbate . Chuck do not see it . billy laugh . Abby slap she . the rabbit jump out of the way . ABBY do not you ever behave that way at table ! ( to Chuck ) she 's adopt . I have nothing to do with she upbringing . I would trade she off for a yellow dog . ( to Ursula ) now eat . you want to starve to death ? URSULA that 's what you would like . Abby , overcome with impatience , throw she food to the dog . Ursula catch a grasshopper and hold it out to Chuck . URSULA you give I a quarter to eat this hopper ? Chuck do not reply . she pop it into she mouth anyway , enjoy he look of shock . Bill throw down he fork . bill all right , okay , nobody 's hungry anymore . what 's the worst thing you ever do , Chuck ? besides miss church and that kind of stuff . Chuck think about this . chuck once I turn a man out in the middle of winter , without a cent of pay . for all I know he froze . bill if you go that far , he must have deserve it . what else ? chuck he do not . I fire he out of resentment . bill well , you be the boss , right ? that 's how it work . get to make decision on the spot . anyway , this guy - what 's he name ? -- if I know he kind , which I do , he 's probably do okay for himself , get a hand in somebody else 's pocket for a change . be that all ? chuck all I can think of right now . how about yourself ? bill ( to Abby ) he want to know . I be not go to count set blackie 's on fire either . he have it come . bill ( co not ) ( pause ) once I punch a guy while he be asleep . Chuck look surprised . Bill glance at Abby , worried that he might have say too much . bill I be just kid . actually a guy I know do , though . ABBY maybe he do it to you . bill yeah . I think so . Chuck get up to ring for miss Carter . Bill look he up and down . Chuck , though older , be physically more impose . URSULA can I have the rabbit ? bill get serious . I can win money with he . she lick he ear . he laugh . URSULA I want that bunny . bill you still believe in Santa Claus . Bill close he eye as he feel the soft fur of the rabbit . Ursula look around to make sure Chuck be go , then wing a roll at Bill . it bounce off he forehead . he retaliate with a pat of butter . 127 benson benson watch from another hill . he find he displacement by this newcomer a humiliate injustice . 128 new angle Chuck return to the table and draw Bill aside . chuck almost forget . here 's you pay . Bill take the envelope Chuck hold out . then , in a spasm of conscience , he give it back . chuck hat 's the matter ? bill I get no right to . chuck why ? Bill be momentarily at a loss for word . bill I have not work hard enough to deserve it . I be goof off . I chuck do not be silly . bill give it to charity or something . ( pause ) do not worry . I always know to look out for myself , because if I I do not , who will ? see what I be drive at ? Chuck see a sense of honor at work in Bill here , and though he consider the gesture misguide and a little grand , admire he for it . 129 ext . basesu they play a game with big lace pillow for basis . the rule be unintelligible . 130 new angle Bill be expert at throw knife . as the other watch , he go into a big windup and pin a play card to the side of the house . U everyone seem happy and congenial . they have reach some kind of plateau . Chuck 's ignorance of the ruse do not cause the other to treat he with less respect . they seem themselves almost to have forget it . 131 bill and abby' Pov - lateru benson collect the basis , a job he doubtless feel be beneath he . the Doctor 's wagon , unmistakable even at such a great distance , thunder away from the belvedere . 132 tight on bill and abbyu Bill and Abby , wait for Chuck to join they for a swim , U look questioningly at each other . S 133 ext . river Ursula , in she bathing suit , jump from a ledge above the river . she hold a big umbrella over she to see if it will act as a parachute . Bill and Chuck have a water fight . Abby wade in the shallow with a parasol . 134 tight on ABBY and URSULA - later Abby be teach Ursula how to kiss . ABBY too like a mule . URSULA ( try again ) what about that ? ABBY it 's get to be -- how should I say ? -- more relaxed . they laugh and kiss again . 135 new angle farther up the slope Bill and Chuck wring out they bathing suit . Bill , think of the Doctor 's visit , put a hand on Chuck 's shoulder . this time Chuck do not stiffen or ease it off . bill you okay ? chuck sure . why ? Bill shrug , beam with admiration for this man who do not burden other with he secret . bill I appreciate everything you have do for Abby . I really do . you have give she all the thing she always deserve . I get to admit you have . Chuck look off , embarrassed but oddly pleased . Bill snatch up a handful of weed and smell they . . 136 crane shot returning home they portray the movement of the sun , earth and moon relative to each other . Abby be the sun and keep up a steady pace across the prairie . Chuck , the earth , circle she at a trot , give instruction . Bill , with the most strenuous role of all -- the moon - - run around Chuck while he circle Abby . 137 ext . prairie - series of angle they play golf on the infinite fairway of the prairie . Bill and Abby make a team against Chuck and Ursula . nightingale call out like mermaid from the sea . bill you like it here ? ( she nod ) feel good ? ( she nod ) feel good to feel good . he smile , satisfied that he have do well by she , and let a new ball slip down he pant leg to replace the one he play . 138 new angle Ursula , meanwhile , grind Abby 's ball into the dirt with the heel of she boot . she wink at Chuck . Chuck smile back . chuck what 's you mother like ? URSULA her ? like somebody that just get hit on the head . she use to pray for I . rosary , the station , everything . " hey , ma , " I tell she , " I be not crippled . " they do not know , though . they say you be in trouble . they do not know . ( pause ) my dad , the same way . think the world owed he a live . he drown in Lake Michigan . 139 ext . belvedere they walk home . Bill stay behind to work on he stroke . Ursula send the dog after the ball . bill you shag they , not that dog . they might choke or run off with they . URSULA who make you the boss ? shag they yourself . bill listen , some day all this be go to be mine . or half be . somebody like that , you want to get on he good side , not give he a lot of gas . you want to do what he say . he step off a few pace of he future kingdom and draw a deep breath . bill this remind I of where I come from . I leave when I be six . that 's when I meet you sister . he look at the land with a new sense of reverence . he snatch up a handful of grass and roll it between he palm . bill I can not wait to go back to Chicago , bring they down for a visit . blackie and they . there 's a lot of satisfaction in show up people who think you would never amount to anything . ( pause ) I would really like to see this place run right . I get a lot of idea I would like to try out . 140 bill Pov and tight on bill in the distance he see Chuck put he arm on Abby 's waist and whisper something in she ear . this intimacy rub he the wrong way . he give he club to Ursula and start after they . 141 int . kitchen Bill find they in the kitchen . Chuck go into the other room to look for something . Abby lift the cigarette out of Bill 's mouth , take a drag and do a french inhale . Bill kiss she . ABBY nobody 's all bad , be they ? bill I meet a few I be wrong on , then . suddenly they hear Chuck 's footstep . they pull back just in time , Abby return the cigarette to he behind she back . they chat as though nothing have happen . bill I have a headache . I probably should have wear a hat . Abby roll she eye at this improvisation . no sooner do Chuck turn he back than Bill 's hand dart out to touch she breast . he snatch it away a moment before Chuck turn back . together they walk into the live room . bill you ever see anybody out here ? chuck not after harvest . bill how often do you get into town ? chuck once or twice a year . bill you be kid . he must be kid . chuck why do I need to ? Bill catch Abby 's eye . he frown at the idea of be coope up with this mormon all winter . bill relaxation . look at the girl . opportunity to see how other folk live . Chuck look at he blankly . none of this reason seem to carry much weight for he . Bill turn to Abby . bill somebody be nut . I do not know whether it 's he or I , but somebody be definitely nut . ABBY why do not I fix tea ? bill maybe I should help you . he follow she back into the kitchen , where he start to kiss she . she push he away and turn to make the tea . ABBY you be worse than a airedale . ( raise she voice ) you want jasmine or mint ? chuck ( o.s. ) mint . Bill lift up the back of she dress and look under it , testing the breadth of he license . she slap it back down . he lift it again , stand on he right to . she glower at he . ABBY do not do that . ( call to Chuck ) how much sugar ? bill why not ? I be just see what kind of material it 's make of . chuck ( o.s. ) one spoonful . Bill walk around absentmindedly , inspect Chuck 's thing , steal whatever catch he fancy . a book , a paperweight , a bell -- thing he do not really want and have no use for . his conscience be clear , however ; the sacrifice they be make excuse this little sin . as Chuck walk in , Bill have pockete a candlestick . ABBY where 's the candlestick ? Chuck shrug . Bill give Abby a cold look and go outside . chuck he 's a strange one . ABBY ( nodd ) once he name he shoe like they be pet . it be a joke , I guess . 142 ext . well Bill drop the candlestick down the well , stand for a moment , then punch the bucket with he fist . he look up . benson have see he . 143 ext . sapling against window - night outside the sapling thrash in the wind . 144 int . bedroom - night Abby wake up with a gasp . chuck what 's the matter ? ABBY I have a dream . chuck what about ? ( pause ) be something after you ? ABBY I forget it already . 145 aerial shot ( stock ) the camera fall through the cloud as though in a lose fragment of Abby 's dream . 146 ext . barn benson sulk by the barn . Chuck approach he . chuck you come down here a lot , do not you ? always when you be mad . you never change . benson it might not be my place to say this , sir , but I do not think they be honest people . chuck he get on you nerve , do not he ? he always have . ( cut in ) now do not say something you be go to regret . . benson why should I regret it ? I think they be a pair of scam artist , sir . let I tell you what I have see , and you judge for yourself . Chuck , who of course have see the same thing and more , raise a hand to silence he . chuck maybe you would be happier take over the north end till spring . I do not say this in anger . we have be together a long time , and I have always feel about you like , well , close . it just might work out better be all . less friction . benson do not believe I , then . you should not . but why not check it out , sir ? hire a detective in Chicago . it will not cost much . what 's there to lose ? Chuck 's brow darken as benson go on . for a moment we glimpse the anger that would be unleash if ever he wake up . somewhere he already know the truth but refuse to acknowledge it . chuck you be talk about my wife . and so Chuck , too , become a accomplice in the scheme . benson maybe I better pack my thing . benson turn and walk off . Chuck watch he go , ashamed at himself . what have this man do but a friend 's duty ? 147 int . master bedroom Abby sit at the dresser in the master bedroom . Bill walk in through the door and try Chuck 's hat on for size . ABBY what be you do in here ? bill just walk in through the door , like any other white man . on the bureau he find a pistol . he aim it out the window . all this will soon be theirs ! bill Smith and wesson . you ought to see one of this plow into a watermelon . she hold a hairbrush out for he to see . he look it over and give it back without comment . he find a stain on the tabletop . bill somebody 's be stain this fake inlay with a water glass . actually I do not blame they . he walk around try out more of Chuck 's appurtenance . Abby , catch up , model a shawl before a imaginary mirror . she blow a kiss at herself . ABBY do not say I do that . bill the bed should be over next to the window . where the view be . Bill be already make plan for life after Chuck 's demise . bill maybe we build on a balcony . ( pause ) first the bird go . the peacock be crow outside . they burst out laugh . Bill check the muss bedsheet . ABBY that do not concern you . bill why not ? ( no reply ) look , I know you have get urge . it would not be right if you do not . Abby stand up , angry . ABBY you think I enjoy it ? bill lower you voice . ABBY you act like it 's harder on you than I ! I never want to talk about this again . Bill , consol , hold a eyelet blouse against the light . bill I bet he enjoy look at you in this . ABBY I think you like it . bill he like it , too , be what I be say . ABBY well , it 's the style . bill I see . ABBY what do you want I to wear in this heat ? a blanket ? bill that 's you problem . Abby put on she wedding bracelet and admire it . Bill soften at the sight of she beauty , properly adorn . bill I tell you someday we would be live in style . when this whole thing be over I be go to buy you a necklace with diamond as big as that . he hold out the tip of he little finger . they laugh , as though they suddenly feel the absurdity of all this make- believe . bill you be cute . maybe a shade too cute . she touch he face sympathetically , as though to say that she know the pain this be cause he . ABBY this be terrible for we both . chuck ( o.s. ) Abby ? they jump as Chuck call up from downstairs . ABBY down in a minute . she kiss Bill . 148 ext . back door of belvedere Bill sneak out the back door of ' the belvedere , only to find benson drink at the well . they look at each other in silence for a moment . benson 's horse stand beside he , a suitcase fix to the saddle . benson I know what you be do . bill what be you talk about ? benson that boy 's like a son to I . do not you forget it . I know what you be do . benson get on he horse , turn and ride off . miss Carter wave goodbye from the side of the house . she and Bill exchange a look . 149 ext . front porch Bill find the other around front . Abby loll in the hammock write in she diary and eat a peach . Ursula play the guitar . Little by little the newcomer have do the house over from the austere structure that it be . live room furniture have be move out onto the front lawn and there arrange as though by a child . goat sleep on the divan . archery target hang from the side of the house . the porch be cover with a stripe awning , bird cage and twirl of bunt . everywhere a atmosphere of drunken ease prevail . bill Nice fall day . URSULA wish I would say that . bill ( to Abby ) watcha do ? ABBY eat a green peach . ' spect to die any minute . bill listen , I have a great idea . let 's spend Christmas in Chicago . break up the old routine . Rhino 's never be to a baseball game or a horse race . I know guy one month off the boat that have . do not even speak the English language , but they eat it right up . ( pause ) you be just a young guy , Rhino ; you oughta be run around raise hell . no offense to the little woman . he bow apologetically to Abby . she pinch a dead leaf off a plant . chuck Abby say that in the poor section people eat cat . bill do you , sis ? well , there 's always something do . I can not begin to tell you . State and madison ? mmmm . light everywhere . you would love it . chuck it can be rough , though . bill Rough ? listen , you can not walk down the street without somebody reach in you pocket ! you have get to keep you coat like this and poke they away . ABBY Bill get shot once . the bullet 's still in he . chuck really ? bill Doctor say he take it out , but I never see it . hurt like a bastard . you get no idea how it hurt . suddenly he worry this might discourage Chuck from go . bill they will not mess with you , though . Big fella like you . I can see it now . he offer a taste of the talk Chuck be like to provoke on the street corner . bill " hey , hey , hey . who 's this here , fresh out of the African jungle , move down the sidewalk with a whowhowho , take ten foot at a step and make all the virgin run for cover ? why , it 's Big Rhino , the King of beast . he walk , he talk , he suck up chalk . " Bill step back and see , as though for the first time , how impose Chuck really be . bill you be big , be not you ? sunny Jim ! you must have have a real moose for a old lady . ABBY take it easy . but Chuck hold none of this against he . he know it come from respect . bill so what do you say ? ( pause ) what a sorry outfit ! bunch of old lady . you better stay behind . you mamma would probably get upset . but when the time come , I be out of here . hit the road , toad ! Ursula pass the sandwich around until there be just one leave , miss Carter 's . while the other be talk , she scoops up a handful of dirt and pour it into the middle . Bill , lighting a cigarette , notice Chuck 's hand on Abby 's . bill ever see a match burn twice ? chuck no . Bill blow out the match and touch Chuck 's hand with the hot ember , cause he to yank it away . bill that 's old . Chuck start to cough . Bill look at Abby , then whip the handkerchief out of he pocket and put it over he nose , as though to keep from get Chuck 's germ . miss Carter 's face go blank as she bite into she sandwich . she jump up and rush back into the house . Chuck frown . Bill glare at Ursula , then turn to Chuck and , refer to the dead prairie grass which run through the front yard right up to the house , continue : bill you ever think of put in some fescue here ? some fescue grass ? of course , it might not take in this soil . Chuck stand up and wind a steal , a long religious scarf , around he neck . chuck you ready ? bill I still have a little of this sore throat . where you go , though ? chuck to kill a hog . bill what 's the necktie for ? ( pause ) or do it just come in handy ? chuck keeps the stain of guilt off . Chuck nod goodbye and walk off , take a stool with he . Bill sigh with admiration . bill I try and try . ABBY what a splendid person ! I have never meet anybody like he ! bill splendid people make you nervous . ABBY they do ! I breathe a sigh of relief when they step outside the room . Bill put on he boater and open a copy of the Police gazette . they be silent for a moment . bill a guy eat a brick on a bet . must of bust it up first with a hammer . guy in New York City . where else ? ( jumping up ) anybody want to bet I I can not stick this knife in that post ? nobody take he up on this . Abby leaf through the sear catalogue , she mind dance with vision of splendor . 150 tight on catalogue picture . in the catalogue be bath oil and corset and feathered hat . a grasshopper be perch on the page among they , its eye blank and dumb . 151 tight on rose Bill watch she run she finger slowly around the close heart of a rise . suddenly they both look at each other . they have hear the squeal , faint but unmistakable , of a hog be lead to slaughter . 152 tight on stool - quick CUT Chuck have tie the hog 's foot to the invert leg of the stool . 153 other quick cut Ursula , off by herself , skip rope . a flag on the pole by the front gate snap in the breeze . from the branch of a lone tree the hog dangle by its hock into the mouth of a barrel . 154 ext . belvedere - abby' Pov from second floor window miss Carter storm down the hill with she bag . fed up , she be leave the bonanza . Chuck try in vain to appease she . she keep walk , out the front gate and into the prairie on a straight course for the railroad track . Chuck will now be alone at the belvedere with the newcomer and no other point of reference . 155 ext . clothes line later that afternoon , Bill catch sight of Abby 's underthings rustling on the clothes line . 156 int . stair that evening he watch she from behind as she climb the stair to join Chuck at they bedroom door . she nod goodnight , sense the jealousy that be grow in he . 157 int . master bedroom Chuck look impatiently through a drawer . chuck I can not find anything around here . last week it be my glove ; this week my talc . what 's go on ? he stand and watch Abby get ready for bed . she fill he with a deep adoration . he feel that in the tulip of she mouth at last he have find heaven . chuck you be beautiful . ABBY you do not think my skin 's too fair ? he come up behind she and touch she long hair . chuck you be smart , too , be not you ? ABBY I know what the magna carta be . chuck can I help you brush it out ? ABBY not right now . she be cold to discourage false expectation in he -- and because she feel that she at least owe Bill this . Chuck , however , assume the fault must be he own . his naivete about woman , and the world in general , protect the conspirator -- and protect he , too , for he glimpsis enough of the truth not to want to know any more . chuck what make you so distant with I ? ABBY distant ? I do not mean to be . chuck you know what I be talk about , though . you be not that way with you brother . 158 int . attic Bill , eavesdropp in the attic above they , survey Chuck 's dusty heirloom . chuck ( o.s. ) it must be something I be do . I wish you would tell I what , though . 159 int . bedroom this gentle endearment , so rarely hear from Bill , stir she deeply . she throw herself in he arm . ABBY oh , Chuck I please forgive I . do it mean anything that I be sorry ? chuck ( pleased ) but I do not blame you . do I make it sound that way ? ABBY you should . you have a right to . chuck it 's just that sometimes I feel I do not know you well . ABBY you do not . it 's true . chuck I think you love I better than before , though . she rub she cheek against he hand . Daily she feel warmer toward he . how much of this be love , how much respect or devotion , even she cannot say . 160 tight on bill - later - night the night throbs with cricket . Bill crack open the bedroom door . Chuck lie asleep in a shaft of moonlight next to Abby . he hesitates a moment , but a strange compulsion drive he on . he have never do anything so dangerous , or have so little idea why . 161 int . bedroom - night Abby wake up to find he stare she in the face . he kiss she . Chuck stir . Abby signal they should go outside . 162 ext . belvedere - day for night they sneak out of the belvedere . the night be warm . ABBY you be no good . bill mmmm . but I love you . ABBY I can not stand it any more . this be just so cruel . we be both no good . I have get to get drunk with you , Bill . you know what I mean ? drunk . Bill wag a bottle . the dog , awaken , bay from the kennel . they wait a moment to see if a light will go on in the house , then dart off toward the field . a plaster lawn dwarf seem to watch they go . 163 ext . field - day for night they run through the field , hand in hand , laugh and flirt . the moon make Abby 's nightgown a ghostly white . ABBY we can never do this again , though . okay ? it really be too dangerous . bill this one night . he toe a sodden old shoe . bill hey , I find a shoe . 164 shoe , coyote , scarecrow - day for night the shoe gleam in the moonlight . coyotes yelp from the hilltop . a scarecrow spread its arm against the sky . the wave field of wheat have give way to vast reach of cleanly shaven stubble , stain with purple morning glorey . odd , large stake be plant among they . 165 new angle - day for night bill you want I to spin you around ? she nod okay . he take she by the hand and spin she around the way he use to -- until they go reeling off , too dizzy to stand . 166 ext . river bank - day for night they lie by the river look at the great dome of star . Bill want to believe thing be the same between they as before . so do Abby -- but she know better . bill suppose we wake up tomorrow and it be a thousand year ago . I mean , with all we know ? electricity , the telephone , radio , that kind of stuff . they would never figure out how we come up with it all . maybe they would kill we . she look at he , and they laugh . bill you sleepy ? ABBY this be the first time we sleep together in a while , Bill . bill you like it ? ABBY of course . bill kiss I , then . ABBY it 's so sweet to be able to kiss you when I want to . 167 new angle before the marriage he lovemake be gentle and soft . now it have a brutal air , as though he be assert he right to she for the last time . 168 tight on ABBY - dawn Dawn be break . Abby jump to she foot , alarmed . they have sleep too long . 169 ext . belvedere - dawn they have run back to the belvedere . it seem they be safe until Chuck appear on the porch , yawn and stretch . Bill drop to the ground while Abby go ahead . Abby appear at one side of the house while Bill steal around the other . luckily , they have come up from the back . chuck Abby ! I have be look all over for you . where have you be ? while she distract Chuck , Bill slip back in the house . it have be a close call . ABBY watch the duck . chuck do not you sleep well ? ABBY no . 170 tight on ABBY ( dissolve to page , then to URSULA ) Abby look sympathetically at Chuck . her face dissolves into a page of she diary and from there to Ursula , balance a egg on she fingertip . ABBY ( o.s. ) Chuck see Ursula balance a egg . he begge she to repeat this trick , but she would not . 171 tight on chuck Chuck try to reduplicate Ursula 's feat . Abby , amused , reach out and touch he face . we wonder if , despite herself , she might be fall in love with he . 172 ext . belvedere Bill watch the Doctor walk out the front door and down the step to he wagon . Chuck follow , smile . ABBY ( o.s. ) the Doctor come . Chuck look pleased for a change . 173 ext . prairie - bill Pov the Doctor 's wagon roll off across the prairie . ABBY ( o.s. ) tomorrow the President pass through . plan have change , and he can not stop . 174 ext . railroad track - dusk they have come down to the railroad track to watch the President pass through . URSULA we should have bring a flag . ABBY do she have time to ride back and get it ? Abby and Bill hold hand . Chuck by now be accustom to such display . they seem , however , to make Abby increasingly uncomfortable . 175 moving train - there pove the train burst past at twenty yard , its great light roll like a lunatic eye . Bill 's heart pound with excitement . Chuck hold Abby by the waist . Ursula wave a handkerchief ... they can not make out anything specific in the window , but there be the sense of people go more important place , get on with the serious business of they life - while out here they stagnate . dimly visible , on the back platform of the caboose , a man in a frock coat salute they with he cane . the train have quickly vanish into the decline sun . everything be quiet again . Ursula rush up the grade to collect some penny she laid on the track . ABBY do you see he wave ? chuck he be short than I expect . bill how do you know it be he ? ABBY I see ! he have a hat on . bill you do not understand my question . they walk back to the buggy . Ursula hold up a dead snake she find on the track . URSULA you know what I be go to do with this ? take it home and put it in vinegar . bill that be the President , shortie . wake up . Bill watch Chuck help Abby into the buggy . she be laugh about something or other . his hand linger for a moment on hers . she do not brush it aside , as once she might have , but to Bill 's dismay , press it against she breast . Chuck seem to have breathe a hope into she that he , Bill , be never able to . 176 ext . field Abby and Ursula race across the field try to fly a kite . Ursula ride a tiny Shetland pony . just as the wind lift the kite away , they run into Bill . he sit by himself observe a spear of grass . Abby drop off . Ursula ride off over the hill with the kite , leave she alone with Bill . ABBY you look deep in think . she touch he cheek . he brushes she hand away . ABBY what 's the matter ? bill nothing . ABBY there 's nothing wrong ? bill no . ABBY what be you so mad about then ? bill who say I be mad ? bill can not I be alone once in a while without everybody get all work up ? ABBY you be the only person get work up . some buffalo appear on the crest of the next hill . Abby look at they . they do not seem quite part of this world but mythical , like minotaur . ABBY Chuck say they be good for the grass . ( pause ) stop give I that look . bill you can not keep you hand off he this day . ABBY what be you talk about ? bill you know . ABBY I have not touch he . bill how about the other night ? I see you , Abby . the other night by the track ? if only you would not lie ! really , there 's some thing about you I be never go to understand . ABBY I forget . anyway it do not matter . what be you do , always try to trap I ? Bill pace around , disgust with himself and the whole situation . bill I can not stand it any more . it 's just too degrade . ( pause ) you and he . why do I have to spell it out ? I think it would be all over in a month or two . guy might go another five year . we have get to clear out , Abby . they stare at each other in silence for a moment . ABBY why stop now ? ( pause ) we have come this far . bill what ? ABBY you hear I . bill why stay ? go ahead and tell I ! I be stand here . Bill tremble with shock and anger . the buffalo cast aware glance at they . ABBY you want we to lose everything ? bill I be tell you I can not stand it . ABBY you be weak then . what about all I have be through ? ( pause ) and what about he ? it would be the worst thing we could do . worse than anything so far . it would break he heart . Bill be silent for a moment . bill you be get to like he , be not you ? ABBY it would kill he . leave now would be just cruel . bill would it ? so what 's it matter to somebody in he shape ? ( pause ) in fact you be just leave we one way out . ABBY what be you talk about ? murdering he ? Ursula come riding over the hill , without the kite . bill you watch and see . URSULA I have to let it go . one of they start follow I , and I throw a rock at he . I have a bunch store in my pocket . they take off run after she . 177 ext . belvedere as they approach the belvedere , Bill see Chuck stand on the front step . suddenly angry , he draw Abby to he and in plain view kiss she on the lip . ABBY he can see you ! Bill nod ; he know . Abby run ahead , angry and alarmed . bill do not you believe in be honest ? 178 new angle Abby bound up the step . Chuck have bent he mind to understand all this as mere sibling love , but here be the great test so far . ABBY be not you go to kiss I ? chuck why ? ABBY today 's my birthday . Chuck give she a kiss , glad to put aside he suspicion . 179 tight on pointer , quail and pheasant tail level , they nose thrust high in the air , a pair of pointer prance through the high upland grass , follow a scent like sailor take in a rope . pheasants and quail tremble in they covey , they eye big with fear . 180 ext . upland Chuck have take Bill out bird-hunt . they wear heavy canvas legging and carry shotgun . bill do you ever tell Abby the buffalo help keep up the grass ? chuck I think so . why ? Bill shrug . Chuck welcome this opportunity to speak of he wife . he consider Bill a good friend , in fact the only person with whom he can talk about delicate matter . chuck I want to get she something nice for Christmas . Bill , who mean to kill Chuck the first chance he get , forget this intention for a moment to give he advice . bill ( thoughtfully ) she like to draw . maybe some paint . nothing too expensive -- she might want to exchange it . maybe a coat . she like to show off sometimes . she 's sweet that way . chuck I wish I know how to make she happy . nothing I do really seem to . bill that 's how they be . they like to make you work for it . I could not ever figure out why . ( pause ) sometimes you can not go wrong , though . you know that one Abby show you a picture of ? Elizabeth ? I take she cherry . chuck I know . you tell I . bill actually , I do not , but I could have . the point I be make be you have get to understand how they operate . get they think you can take it or leave it , you be usually okay . suddenly the dog stop rigid , on point . at Chuck 's hiss they sink into the grass . Bill look at Chuck 's expose back . nobody would know . it could be make to seem like a hunt accident . he cock the hammer of he shotgun . his heart pound wildly . Chuck talk in a low voice to the dog . chuck ( o.s. ) all right , put they up , girl . the dog rise and inch toward the bird , as slowly as the minute hand of a clock . all at once the quail explode out of hide . Bill jump at the noise . Chuck fire twice . two bird fall . the retriever note where . Chuck turn around . chuck why be not you shoot ? I leave you that two on the leave . bill they catch I off guard . chuck you have to keep you gun up . Chuck walk ahead . the music build a mood of tension . Bill take a practice shot into the ground . Bill look around . there be nobody in sight . he turn the sight on Chuck 's back . it would be simple enough . though only twenty foot away , he close the gap , to make sure he do not miss . Chuck whistle the scattered bird back to they covey . " pheo ! pheo ! " soon , faint and far away , come a reply - the sweet , pathetic whistle of the quail lose in a forest of grass . the mother bird utter a low " all be well . " one by one , near and far , the note be take up , and they begin to return . Bill hold he breath . his finger move inside the trigger guard . he only have to squeeze a fraction of a inch . Three more bird shoot out of the grass . Chuck fire . at first we think Bill have , but he cannot stoop this low . he do not have the heart . disgust , he throw he gun on the ground . both barrel go off . Chuck snap around , startle and concerned . Bill be shaking like a leaf . chuck what 's the matter ? what be you so upset about ? bill they surprised I again . Chuck send a retriever after the fall bird , then -- in a unprecedented gesture - he put he arm over Bill 's shoulder to comfort he , like a older brother . 181 new angle they return home , the day 's kill sling over the back of a Shetland pony . 182 ext . back yard they sit on stool in the back yard pluck the bird . bill you like to box ? chuck I never have . bill just wonder . I get a pair of glove I bring with I . Bill feel oddly better , as though Chuck have back down . chuck Abby buy I this at Yellowstone . Chuck show Bill he knife . Bill read a name off the handle . bill that 's what she call you ? ' Chickie ? ' he get up , he nostril flaring with anger . Chuck think this indignance be on he behalf . chuck do not bother I . should it ? Bill throw down the pheasant he be pluck . chuck what 's the matter ? bill do not let she fool you , too . she warm up to whoever say please and thank you . chuck what 's the matter ? Bill , still angry at himself , consider tell he . bill you really want to know ? he would like Chuck to know the truth but do not want theresponsibility for revealing it . he must find out by accident . luckily they be interrupt as Ursula run up , point over she shoulder . a pair of three - wing airplane sputter into view low overhead . one seem to be have engine trouble . 183 ext . field near belvedere the plane set down in a nearby field . " toto 's Flying Circus " be emblazon on the wing . 184 new angle five people clamber out , member of a seedy vaudeville troupe . they swagger around , filthy with oil from the backwash of the prop , look more like convict than entertainer . they leader be a excitable levantine . leader how long it take to fix ? very mooch time ! now look where you hab stick we . salaupe ! you forget who I aim ! Bill , Abby and Ursula approach the aircraft with the great caution , like the Indians at cortez 's ship . 185 ext . screen - night a juggler and a snake charmer perform first separately , then jointly as a slap act . a double talker weave sentence of absolute nonsense . after a moment a black and white image appear over he face and he drop out of sight . the troupe be put on a show to earn its supper . one of they stand behind the viewer -- Abby and Bill , Chuck and Ursula -- cranking a carbide projector by hand . a silent movie appear on the screen , full of extraordinary pratfall , disappearance and other trick of the early cinema . Chuck have never see anything remotely like this . chuck ( o.s. ) how would they do that ? where would he go ? there must be a wire . etc. he step forward to inspect the screen , actually just a sheet hang along a clothesline , to see whether the image be come from behind . Bill and Abby sit rapt as child , nostalgic for Chicago . 186 ext . dinner table - night Ursula serve dinner . she be excited by the visitor ' city way . they be bored with she , all except the youngest , GEORGE , a young pilot in a white scarf . URSULA we never hear a thing out here . it 's like be on a boat in the middle of a lake . you see thing go on , but way far away , with no voice . GEORGE maybe time to clear out . George put he hand on hers . she snatch it away . GEORGE what 's the matter ? be not I you type or something ? the doubletalker poke he fork into a pudding . a balloon , conceal beneath the surface , explode to general delight . down the table Abby and Bill chat with the leader . leader you do not understand , sir . I be saddle with ass , yaay ? I , who once play the Albert Hall bill you. hear that ? he call I ' sir . ' in they gaiety he carelessly put a hand on Abby 's leg . 187 tight on chuck - night Chuck look on from the shadow , no longer just puzzle but angry . he have watch they behave this way a dozen time before , but tonight , with other people around , he must see it more directly . 188 ext . straw stack - night George tell Ursula a joke . she dissolves in giggle before he can finish , as though amaze at he power to dispense illusion . 189 int . live room - night Chuck , alone in the darken live room , calm himself down by breathe through a rubber mask into a respirator . joyful noise reach he from outside . 190 chuck Pov - next morning the next morning Chuck look down out he bedroom window . the troupe be pack to leave . still troubled , he walk to the bed and and stand over Abby . chuck what 's go on , Abby ? she do not respond . he yank the sheet off . she be wear a nightgown . she look up and frown . this be the first time she have ever see he this way . chuck you know what I mean . between you and Bill . ABBY I have no idea ..... chuck ( interrupt ) something 's not right , and I want to know what . Abby jump out of bed and assume the offensive . she have no other choice . ABBY say it out loud . what be you worried about ? ( pause ) incest ? chuck it just do not look right . I do not know how brother and sister carry on where you come from , but ... ABBY ( interrupt ) do you ever have a brother . then who be you to judge ? maybe if you have , you would understand . anyway , time have change while you have be stick out in this weed patch . we be ************************ line miss **************** she put on a robe and walk out . her last argument have work best . Chuck never imagine he be in step with the time . 191 ext . belvedere Abby slip out the front door . she look around to make sure that Chuck be not watch she , then head off to find Bill . the vaudevillian gorge themselves on last night 's leftover , steal flower from the flower bed , etc . one sit off by himself , play a french horn . 192 ext . dorm she find Bill by the dorm throw a switchblade in the ground , a toothbrush in he mouth . ABBY I have to talk to you . bill look what I trade off that clown . for a bushel of corn ! she draw he by the arm behind a wall . she be tremble with fear . ABBY Chuck be suspicious . bill Chickie you mean ? so what ? ABBY really . this be the first time he 's ever be like this . I be scared . all this flatter Chuck in a way Bill do not like . bill what for ? why be you so worried what he think ? ABBY he could kill we . I want to live a long time , okay ? I just get start and I like it . Bill shrug , as though to say he can handle whatever Chuck can dish out and a little more . ABBY you might take a little responsibility here . you get we into all this . bill do I ? well , it never would have come up if you have not lead he on . led Chickie on ! ABBY be that the best you can do ? know you it probably be . you have make a mess of we life , okay . do not pretend it be my fault . Bill comb he hair to calm himself down . bill why 's this guy still hang on like a goddamn snap turtle ? because of you . Boy , this be a great idea . right up there with lincoln go down to the theater , see what 's on ! ABBY keep you voice down . bill do not give I that . when a guy 's get screw , he 's get a right to holler . ABBY you be such a fool ! bill what ? ABBY nothing . bill I hear what you say . ABBY then why would you ask ? oh , how do I ever get mix up with you ? Abby , in terror of Chuck 's find out , can not understand why Bill seem to care so little . bill you have go sweet on he . you have , have not you ? Abby hesitates . Bill throw he knife away . ABBY I admire he . he 's a good man . bill Broad shoulder . I know . very high moral . why can not he talk faster ? it 's like wait for a hen to lay a egg . ABBY you would not understand , though . he 's not like you . you do not know how people feel . you only think of yourself . bill what 's go on between we , Abby ? think about that . if you figure it out , tell I , will you ? I would appreciate it . ( pause ) Lord , but you do come on ! you talk like this , use to play around right under he nose . somebody I meet in a bar , remember ? or maybe you walk in , think it be a church . well , I have have it . I be clear out . you understand ? they look at each other for a moment . ABBY go ahead . this be not what he expect to hear . but now he pride require that he face the truth and not back down . bill okay . he look at she for a moment . he can not be deal with this way . he turn and walk off . 193 new angle Ursula flirt with George . he slip a hand inside she blouse . she bat it away . 194 ext . bedroom window Bill stand on the ground below the master bedroom . Chuck lean out the window above he . peacock roost on the balcony , beneath the telescope . the vaudevillian be load up they plane . Abby watch from the porch . bill I be go away for a while . they be give I a lift . chuck what for ? he shrug . bill I be wear one of you shirt . let I take it off for you . chuck never mind . bill I get my own . just be not any clean today . Bill take off the shirt , drape it over a post and walk off , hurt and angry , but with a sad dignity . Chuck be not entirely sorry to see he go , nor be Abby ; she know that he be get out just in time . one more episode like last night 's and the fuse would hit the powder . 195 new angle Bill give Ursula he money . bill we get split up for any reason , you spend that on school . 196 ext . prairie the vaudevillian be ready to take off . Bill board the plane which George be piloting , wonder if today 's break with Abby be real or just in anger , a necessary gesture . with he he carry he only possession , a bindle and he trick rabbit . Abby , Chuck and Ursula look on . chuck what 's eat he ? Abby shrug and walk down to Ursula . URSULA why be not we go with he ? ABBY what for ? to sleep in boxcar ? 197 airplane the plane set they wheel in the furrow , rev they engine and wobble off into the sky . Ursula wave goodbye to George . 198 ext . plain under snow - series of angle Winter have come . snow fall across the breadth of the plain , on the river and the dark sleep field . 199 ext . sleigh ( or ice boat ) - snow Chuck and Abby skim over the snow in a gaily paint sleigh ( or ice boat ) . she be wrap up snug in a buffalo robe , she foot on a hot brick . Pigs forage along the fence . 200 int . cave they inspect a cave with a kerosene lantern . Blocks of ice , cover with burlap and sawdust , cool shelf of preserve . Abby drop a stone into a dark pit . two second pass before it hit the bottom . ABBY probably that 's the first noise down there for thousand of year . she speak as though she have do it a favor . he put he hand on hers . she press it against she chest . ABBY you ever wish you could turn you heart off for a second and see what happen ? 201 other angle view of backlit gem , stalactite , salamander in they cold dark pool , hide spring and other mystery of nature . ABBY ( o.s. ) maybe nothing would . they round a corner and come upon a underground waterfall . it flow out of darkness back into darkness . 202 int . forge Bill , meanwhile , stand in a line of panting , sweat immigrant . on they shoulder they carry the huge barrel of a cannon . with a grunt they drive it into the fiery mouth of a forge . 203 ext . CITY STREET Bill stand on the corner of a big city street , stamp he foot against the cold . he try to catch a pigeon with some bread crumb under a box propped up by a stick , but just as he pull the string to drop the trap it dart out of the way . 204 bill and young girl Bill have a improvise conversation with a young girl who have run away from home . he ask she where she come from , whom she belong to , etc . she tell he of she hope , then pass on . Bill give she all the money in he pocket . 205 montage enthrall , Abby survey the wonder of Babylon and nineveh in a book about the near East . Ursula sit with a world globe , take a geography lesson from a travel tutor . no doubt this be Abby 's idea . Abby copy from a small plaster model of a Roman bust . she want painfully to improve herself . 206 ext . frozen lake - night Abby and Chuck skate around a bonfire on a freeze prairie lake , carry torch to guide they through the dark . 207 int . chicago flophouse Bill sit in a cold flophouse try to write a letter . after a moment he wad it up and throw it away . 208 ext . belvedere Abby , Ursula and Chuck be on a walk outside the belvedere . the snow be go . Abby 's hand be stuff in a chinchilla muff . all at once they hear a distant noise like the whoops of a indian war party . it seem mysteriously to come from every hilltop . Abby turn to Chuck with a puzzle look . chuck prairie chicken . that mean winter 's break . ABBY really ? where be they ? chuck you hardly ever see they . they stand and listen to the bird . there be a sense of the earth stir back to life . Abby breathes in with a wild joy and hug Chuck tightly by the waist . 209 ext . tenement hallway Bill be talk with a friend in the hallway of a tenement . bill I can not seem to get my mind on anything . I think , when I come off that place , boy , they would better get all the woman out of town that day , you know ? somewhere safe . but you know what I do ? I sleep , nothing but sleep . a panhandler approach they with a hard - luck story . friend okay , here 's a quarter , but give I some entertainment , okay ? not this old song and dance . while the panhandler perform , Bill look around . two policemen have appear in the entryway talk with the landlady . Bill edge out the back door and down the step , as though they might be after he . he walk briskly down the alley without look back . 210 tight on chuck ( dissolve to diary ) Chuck hold a handful of seed under he nose . his heart stir at the dark , mellow smell . into this dissolves a image of Abby write in she diary . 211 ext . field Chuck swing a barometer round and round , check the weather . two case tractor pitch across a field like boat on a roll sea . Long plume of smoke wind off behind they . each tow a fourteen - gang plow . a third tractor follow , put in the seed . Ursula chase a flock of blackbird off with a big rattle . every acre of ground for as far as the eye can see be under cultivation . ABBY ( o.s. ) they put in the wheat the other day . this will be the biggest year ever . there be a scare when a locust turn up . luckily it be not the bad kind . 212 new angle the plow have turn up a hibernate locust . Chuck stand by the tractor , inspect it under a magnify glass . the creature nestle like a fossil in the black earth . ABBY ( o.s. ) they sleep in the ground for seventeen year , then crawl up around the end of May and spend a week fly around before they die . Chuck kick up the dirt around the plow , look for other . benson , back from exile , look concerned . chuck nothing to worry about . just show the land be good . 213 series of angle various wonder of the prairie : a char tree , a huge mastodon bone , a flowering bush , a pelican , the rusted hulk of a ancient machine , etc . ABBY ( o.s. ) how strange this new world be ! you walk out in the morning sometimes to find a lake rippling where the day before solid land be . 214 ext . stone boat Chuck have laid out the outline of a 50 - foot boat in whitewash stone . he walk around the imaginary deck show Abby where the cabin will be . ABBY ( o.s. ) Chuck want to build a boat and take we off to Java , which he 's never see . 215 ext . field Ursula go out to the field with a organist name joey whom Chuck have hire to play for the crop . he and Ursula seem to hit it off . ABBY ( o.s. ) last month he bring in a kid to play the organ . he claim it help the crop grow . personally I doubt it . 216 ext . middle of field they have bring a organ out into the middle of the field . Ursula pump up the bellow . joey sit in front of the keyboard and shoot he cuff . his finger strike the key . 217 cloud , closeup of plant - time lapse photography ( stock ) Cloud build in huge toadstool . Thunder roll across the plain . a rain begin to fall . the music seem to work a magic on the crop , to draw they forth . the seed germinate in the darkness of the soil . Water find its way down . root , tiny hair at first , spread and grow . 218 doll , tight angle on there face rude doll fix at the end of point stick -- agricultural fetish that Chuck 's father bring with he from the Old World --stand around the field to join in aid the crop . 219 ext . belvedere flag and bunt adorn the porch for Independence Day . Ursula set off some firework . ABBY ( o.s. ) time have fly , and once again harvest be near . 220 ext . GREEN field ( triffids ) the bald earth have , as though by a mystery , become a sheet of grain , its green already fade to gold . the music die away , replace by the whirr of summer cricket . ABBY ( o.s. ) it will be a year that we have be here . the camera hold and hold on the field until in they vacant depth , we begin to sense the presence of a deep malevolence , still bide its time but grow every minute . seagull -- like strange emissary from another world -- glide back and forth over the field in search of grasshopper . 221 int . lantern - night Ursula take curling iron from the chimney of a lantern where she have set they to heat , and apply they to Abby hair . URSULA suppose I never fall in love , Abby ? ABBY do not be silly . everybody do . what do you think all that song be about ? you need to be careful , though , and not throw it away . URSULA throw what away ? ABBY you know , you chance . it 's too hard to explain to a little squirrel like you . URSULA that sound just like Bill . do not you miss he ? ABBY sometimes . from she tone , however , we sense that she find it easier with he go . 222 int . master bedroom Abby whisper something to Chuck in bed that evening . chuck you ever say that to anybody else ? she giggle . chuck you be lie , be not you ? well , go right on lie . the camera move to the window , beneath the eave . outside , peacock strut back and forth . 223 ext . muddy road Bill ride a indian motorcycle along a muddy road back to the bonanza . his rabbit be strapped to the back . he stop for a moment to look at the new field . 224 ext . belvedere - bill Pov Abby sing to herself as she beat out a carpet . Bill appear on the ridge behind she . hope leave he like a ghost . she look happily settle into a new life with Chuck . all at once she turn around . ABBY Bill ! she rush up and embrace he , but she warmth just seem a tease to Bill . she be different . she look different . the tutor and tailor Chuck have bring in over the winter have give she more polish . her hair be nicely coiff . where she use to dress in cotton shirtwaist , she wear crinoline now . bill how 's everybody be ? ABBY include I ? okay . gee , you look good . bill thanks . and Chuck ? ABBY still the same . bill actually I do not mean it that way . ( pause ) I come back to help out with the harvest . he feel humiliate at not have a stronger excuse . but he love she . he aches with love . he hope they last fight be just another storm in the romance . evidently it be more . bill I think about you a lot . wrote you a letter , but it be no good , so I tore it up . ABBY how would you come ? bill train . he look she up and down . bill Nice dress . ABBY I be glad you like it . he admire she garden . his familiar cockiness vanish as little by little he see the old feel be not there . bill this be new , too . ABBY the daffodil be already here , but I put in the rest . you really do like they ? at a shriek from Ursula , Bill turn around . she run into he arm , and cover he with kiss . URSULA I have miss you ! I think about you every day . you should have write . do Abby show you what she get ? Abby scowl at Ursula . with no choice but to show he , she open the top button of she blouse and draw out a diamond necklace . ABBY ( apologetically ) for Christmas . URSULA plus a music box . he spoil she . why do not they spoil I , too ? ( whisper ) you oughta be glad you do not have to spend the winter . you would have go crazy . 225 tight on ABBY the winter 's peace be go . Abby be sick with fear . now that she love Chuck , too , she can never again be honest with Bill . the truth of she feeling would crush he . moreover , there 's no tell how he might react . he could ruin everything , even get they kill . 226 ext . bedroom window Chuck look on from behind the bedroom window . 227 ext . dinner table they dine in awkward silence . benson have join they . Abby , for all she winter 's polish , still eat with the back of she knife . chuck how be Chicago ? bill great . ABBY how 's everybody do ? bill okay . they be silent for a moment . Bill sense that nobody except Ursula be really glad to see he back . ABBY how 's blackie ? bill still have not wise up . know what I mean ? he ask how you be do , though . ( pause ) I tell he . ran into Sam , too . he would be in a fight . ABBY oh yeah ? Bill can see that she interest be only polite . he know that he should turn around and leave , but he cannot . the sight of he with he confidence go be painful to behold . bill his nose be like this . he push he nose to one side . Ursula and Abby laugh . 228 ext . stock pond Bill plant willow slip in the soft earth by the stock pond . Ursula order a dog around . URSULA look at this dog mind I . sit ! you have get to say it like hit a nail . bill have she ask you anything about I ? URSULA no . Ursula flirt with he , run the shoot along he back . she wait to see what he will do . he get up and after a short chase catch she . he hold she at arm 's length for a moment , then kiss she . URSULA what would you do that for ? Bill wonder himself . to get revenge on Abby ? he touch she breast . URSULA do not . bill why not ? URSULA Cause there 's nothing there . bill I can be the judge of that . URSULA then ask first . he kiss she neck . bill nobody have to know but we chicken . ( pause ) what do I have to say to convince you ? you tell I , I will say it . URSULA what make you think I would ? bill nothing . she giggle and kiss he back . but guilt have catch up with he . he can not go ahead . URSULA what 's the matter ? no reply . URSULA maybe it would be wrong . ( disappointed ) you still love she , do not you ? Bill hum a rock off toward the horizon . bill I should have go in the church , like my father be after I to . 229 bill be Pov - outside the belvedere - night Chuck and Abby sit in they cozy live room play parcheesi . the sound of they voice be muffle . the camera draw back to reveal Bill outside the window , watch . she be comfortable with Chuck now . apparently , he have lose he place in she heart . he want to rush in and drag she away . 230 ext . bedroom window - night later that night he stand under the bedroom window and wonder at the meaning of the shadow that flicker across the ceiling . after a moment he withdraw into the darkness . 231 ext . SMALL prairie town ( duck lake ) Bill have bring Abby into a nearby town to make some purchase . dress in a chauffeur 's gown and goggle , he sit against the fender of the overland watch she move from store to store . Ursula be with she . the townspeople all speak german . they peasant costume be freely mix with western dress . the sign be old german script . two men carry a huge bulb through the street , to put atop a church . 232 overland auto Abby walk up with Ursula . URSULA listen , I be go to stay and go back with the laundry wagon . Abby look at Bill , then nod okay . Ursula run off . Bill open the door , and she get in . 233 ext . road outside town ( duck lake ) they be stop on the road a hundred yard outside the town . Abby smoke as Bill check the radiator . something in he behavior lead we to suspect he may have stage this stop . bill how you be do ? ABBY me? Fine . bill we do not talk so much this day . ABBY I know . she know what he want . she can not give it anymore . bill I say a lot of stupid thing before I go off . ABBY ( politely ) I forget about it already . Bill , try he best to make peace with she , can not help see that she would like to keep thing as they be -- and not because she harbor any grudge . bill you have forgiven I ? ABBY there be nothing to forgive . he hold a bottle of liquor out to she . bill what be you worried about ? she take a swig . he laugh . she laugh back . bill so how be I do with you ? ABBY Fine . he take she hand and hold it like a trap bird . bill what 's happen ? she shrug , disengaging she hand to brush aside she hair . she be painfully aware of he suffer but do not have the heart to tell he how it all be . bill I probably ought to leave . I will . ABBY already ? you just get here . she have not really contradict he . he lean forward as though to kiss she . she let he . she wish that she could give herself to he , but she do not know what be right . then , a sudden impulse of panic , she get up and back away . bill where you go ? he reach out to catch she . she break away and start to run . he walk quickly after she , cut off any escape toward the town . ABBY why would you have to come back ? bill I be not go to hurt you . I only want to talk with you . she stop and hide she face in she hand . he gently pull they away . bill I do not come back to make trouble for you . I guess we be fool each other to think it could last . I mean , what be I offer youanyhow ? a ride to the bottom . look at you now , in the right clothes and everything , I see how crazy I be and -- well , I understand . it 's okay . I sort of cut my own throat , actually . her eye close and she leg give in . Bill let she go and back off a step in surprise . she sink to the ground , as though in a trance . 234 tight on bill Bill , take by surprise , go up and kneel down beside she . he look to see that she be okay . he pick a fox - tail out of she hair . her dress have work up toward she knee . he pull it back down . he want to caress she face but hesitates . bill how would we let it happen , Abby ? we be so happy once . why do not we starve ? I love you so much . what have1 do ? you be so beautiful . what have I do ? he touch he lip for a fraction of a second to hers , notice another car approach down the road . he pick she up like a doll and carry she back to the overland . 235 ext . belvedere - chuck Pov they have arrive back at the belvedere . ABBY I be sorry . she touch he face in a surge of sympathy . what have she do to he ? he kiss she neck and lead she toward the front door . 236 crane to chuck the camera rise to the uppermost story of the belvedere . Chuck have see they . hot tear leap to he eye . before Bill leave for the winter he often observe such intimacy between they . now it all look different . 237 chuck pove ( high angle ) he look around at he estate -- he barn , he auto , he great house and he granary . none of they be any consolation now . Far a moment it seem to he as though he live here in some time long past . 238 int . bedroom Abby notice Chuck watch she outside the bedroom door . ABBY you want something from I ? chuck no . ABBY will you hand I that magazine ? he give she the magazine she want . ABBY what 's the matter ? he seem for a moment to consider tell she , then shrug and go downstairs . 239 int . live room he stumble into a bird cage but hardly notice . the jostle bird raise a fuss . 240 ext . front porch he run into Bill on the front porch . bill I have be look for you . I have to take off again , real soon here , and ... Chuck put a hand on Bill 's shoulder , stop he . they look at each other for a moment , then he pass on . Bill seem puzzle . 241 ext . field Chuck walk out into the deep of he field . the wheat , a warm dry gold , be almost ready to take in . he sit down and rest he head against a furrow , powerless to think . the wind make a song in the infinitude of sweet click head . he put he hand over he heart and breathes in gasp , with the dumb honesty of a wounded animal . he could not himself quite say what it be that he know . 242 ext . bonanza - series of angle late that afternoon disaster strike as a swarm of locust sweep down on the bonanza . we do not see where they come from . they seem to appear out of nowhere , unnotice . Ursula work in the kitchen , Bill by the barn . Chuck lie asleep in the field , Abby upstairs in bed . 243 animal on bonanza the animal sense it first . the buffalo move off in a mass . the horse become uncontrollable . one run around the barn in a panic . Bill watch it , puzzle . two peacock have a fight . a dog in the treadmill race in vain to escape , drive the machine to a feverish pitch . the shadow of a giant cloud lick over the hill . 244 ext . field everything seem normal in the field . then , as you listen , a strange new sound begin to rise from they , a wild sea-like sing . as the camera move over the field and down into the wheat it swell in a crescendo until ... 245 tight on locust suddenly we see they up close , devour the stalk in a fever , the noise of they jaw magnify a thousand time . they slip into the belvedere , under the sash and wainscote , turn up first in place it would seem they could never get into : a jewelry case , the back of a radio , the work of a music box , a bottle with a miniature ship inside , etc . 246 extreme closeup they eye be dumb and implacable . they seem to have a whole hide life of they own . 247 int . kitchen Little by little they gather in number . Ursula first see one on the drainboard . she swat it with a newspaper . other sprout up . one by one she pick they up with a tong and drop they into the stove . this method be too slow . she begin to use she finger . she move with a quick , nervous energy , even as she understand this be futile . at last claustro- phobia seize she . she spin around with a shriek , lash out at everything in sight . 248 int . master bedroom in the bedroom overhead , Abby wake up from one nightmare into another . she jump out of bed and go to the window . the locust pelt against the pane like shot . she throw the bolt . suddenly a crack shoot through the glass . she jump back and watch in horror as a sliver of the pane fall in . they be free to enter . 249 series of angle suddenly they be everywhere : on the clothesline , in the pantry , in hat and shoe and the seam of clothing . not a nook or cranny be safe from penetration . 250 tight on chuck - slow motion Chuck , asleep in the deep of the wheat , bolt up in slow motion . his hair be seethe with they . 251 ext . bonanza - further angle panic hit the bonanza . worker tie string around they pant cuff to keep the insect from crawl up they leg , then rush out to the field with gong , rattles , pot lid , scarecrow on stick , drum and horn and other noisemaker to scare they off . some pray . other run around like mad , stamp and yell , ignore by the gather host . a couple get into a fistfight . a storm flag be run up the flagpole . a tractor blast out a s.o.s . the peacock huddle under the stoop . 252 tight on chuck Chuck give benson he order . chuck offer fifty cent a bushel for they . get out the reaper . see what you can harvest . 253 high down angle the locust snap through the air . Bill , swatting at they with a shovel , stop to gag . one have fly into he mouth . 254 tight on gear they jam up the gear of the machinery with the crush of they body . 255 int . master bedroom Abby throw a sheet over herself , but they get in under it . she thrashes around madly , then with a cry go limp . 256 chuck and benson benson report back to Chuck . a team of horse race by , nearly bowl they over . benson we can not get the machine out . they be jam up the gear . there 's a good chance they will pass on south , though . unless ... unless a wind come up . chuck what happen then ? benson they will set down and walk in . 257 sign of damage the locust devour not just the crop but every organic thing : pitchfork handle , linen on the clothesline , leather trace , flower in the window box , etc . soon a large area of wheat be eat down to stubble . Bill look away from a tree for a second . when he turn back it have be stripped to a wintry bareness . 258 ext . wind generator , other angle the vane of the wind generator begin gently to stir . Little by little the wind pick up . a dust devil spin across the yard . the grass list by the well . a power line moan . 259 ext . field as the sun dip below the horizon , the locust pour in like a live river , walk along the ground like a procession of Army ant . the roar of they wing be deafen . the air hiss and pop with they electric frenzy . 260 stock and matte shot - sunset and this be but the advance element of a main force which loom like a silver cloud on the horizon . 261 ext . bonfire - night worker dump bushel of the insect into a bonfire . a man with a abacus keep track of what each be owed . 262 same field - night the wind have pick up . Chuck , Bill and Abby have come out to the field with a dozen worker to investigate the extent of the damage . the insect buzz around blindly in the light of they lantern , which they carry japanese - fashion at the end of cane pole . 263 tight on chuck - night Chuck inspect the grain . chuck there 's nothing we can do but wait . they be either go to take it all or they be not . he cover he face with he hand . the other shy back at this display of grief , startling in one so formal . they jostle lantern cast a dance of light . Bill , move to real sympathy , take he by the shoulder . bill come on . they might still lift . hey , I have see a wind like this lay down and die . do not give up now . chuck ( ignore he ) we could at least make sure they do not get the people on south . he break open the mantle of he lantern , still unsure what he should do . some of the flame kerosene splashes onto the crop nearby , set they ablaze . Bill drop he rattle and swat the fire out with he coat . bill what be you do ? watch it ! what be you , crazy ? there 's still a chance , do not you see ? Chuck go to he horse . Bill grab he by the sleeve . do he really mean to set the field on fire ? Chuck push he aside . Bill , frantic , turn to the other for support . bill stop he , or it 's all go up . they , however , be too uncertain of they ground to intervene . Chuck turn on Bill . chuck what do it matter to you ? Chuck sling fire out of the break lantern onto the crop next to Bill -- a sudden , hostile gesture that catch they all by surprise . independent of he will , the truth be force its way up , like a great blind fish from the bottom of the sea . he sling the fire out again . a patch land on Bill 's pantleg . Bill slap it out . bill what 's get into you ? they stare at each other . Bill back off like a cat , sense Chuck know the truth , but at a loss to understand how he could . chuck why do you care ? I give my life for this land . Chuck walk towards he . suddenly Bill turn and take off run . Chuck swing at he with the lantern . Bill escape behind the building wall of flame that spring up between they . the whirr of the locust stop for a moment -- they seem at time to have a collective mind -- then , just as mysteriously , resume . ABBY stop , Chuck ! Chuck leap on he horse . she try to drag he off but be throw aside and almost trample underfoot . now the other join in , try to knock away the lantern or catch he stirrup . he elude they and ride off after Bill , leave a slash of flame behind he in the grain . they tear off they coat to swat it out , in vain -- already it stretch a hundred yard . 264 bill Bill run through the night , still carry he lantern . Chuck bear down on he . Abby chase along behind he , scream for he to stop . Bill realize the lantern be give he position away he blow it out and vanish from sight . all we can see be the thunder horseman , sow fire . 265 crane shot with a rough idea where Bill be , Chuck begin to lay a ring of fire around he , fifty yard in diameter . 266 bill and ABBY inside ring Abby spot Bill against the flame . she rush up , gasp . they have be catch inside the ring . bill what be you do ? this be a bad place to talk he throw he coat over Abby 's head , pick she up by the waist and crash through the flame . they have to shout to make themselves understand . the locust roar like a cyclone . bill do you see that ? he be try to burn I . what 's get into he ? ABBY he know . he must . bill a whole year 's work . all waste ! this bug , once they make up they mind ... Bill stall . the fire race toward they through the wheat . they appear as silhouettes against it . bill I need to get out of here . I think you probably should , too . ( pause ) Hell of a life . damned if you do and damned if you do not . he leave . Abby wonder if she ought to run after he . ABBY Bill ! but this moment 's hesitation have be too long . already he be swallow up in the night , she voice sweep away in the roar of the flame and the locust , who seem to wail louder now , and with a great mournfulness -- like keen arab woman - - as if they know the fate shortly to envelop they . Abby turn back . she , too , have reason to fear Chuck and must escape . 267 new angle benson rally the worker . benson there 's still a chance they be go to fly . voice get the tractor out ! the pump wagon ! blanket ! they rush off to find equipment to fight the fire . 268 isolated on chuck - night Chuck ride through the dark like a lone horseman of the apocalypse , set he field on fire . 269 ext . plain on FIRE - series of angle - night tractor attempt to plow a firebreak . mad silhouettes run back and forth , slapping at the blaze with wet gunny sack fix to the end of stick . two dormitory burn out of control . Ursula throw open the barn and let the horse out . they have raise thunder kick at they stall . the light above the barn door pulse erratically . 270 explosion - night ( miniature ) oil well explode along the horizon . huge ball of flame roll into the heaven . 271 ext . burning plain - night panic spread among the worker as the holocaust threaten to engulf they . they throw down they tool and run for they life . 272 animal - night animal flee in all direction : bird and deer and rabbit , pig , buffalo and the horse from the barn . the locust mill around crazily on the wheat stalk , backlit against the flame . 273 bill - night Bill , flee on he motorbike with he rabbit , hold up for a moment to watch the fire --a biblical inferno of spectacular sweep . 274 ext . bedroom window --tracking shot ( chuck Pov ) -- night a single light burn in the belvedere . 275 int . bedroom - night heaving with sob , Abby throw she thing into a bindle . she have lose Chuck forever . they life be destroy . she glance out the window . she still have time to get away , but she must hurry . she bolt for the door . sud - denly Chuck step from the shadow , block she exit . his face , black with soot , look gruesome in the gas1ight . the locust have chew up he clothes . Abby be like a frighten deer . do he see she pack ? chuck you look as though you would see a ghost . ( pause ) where you go ? ( pause ) off with he ? the wind cut gap in the death wail of the locust . from time to time we hear the thump of a explode well . chuck he 's not you brother , be he ? how much do he know ? she edge toward the door . ABBY why do you say that ? chuck come here a minute . who be you ? ( no reply ) where would you come from ? ABBY I tell you . he shake she . she quiver like a child in he grasp . she no longer have the audacity to lie . ABBY how long have you know ? he drop he eye . shamefully long -- and he anger be partly just at this . chuck what would you want ? he punch in the shade of a lamp , extinguish it . chuck tell I . he shove over the chest of drawer . she do not move . he tear down the drape , already in shred . chuck this ? show I what you want ! I would have give it all to you . ABBY please , Chuck . chuck please what ? you be not go to tell I you be sorry , I hope .. ABBY but I be . outside the window fire rage along half the horizon . he sit down . he want to sob , but cannot . chuck you be so wonderful . how could you do this ? ABBY I be just no good . you pick I from the gutter , and this be how -- I never deserve you . chuck ( interrupt ) the thing you tell I . ABBY I love you , though . you have to believe I . it may sound false after ... chuck ( interrupt ) down at the cave . do not you remember ? I believe they . ABBY all right . I be go away . you will never have to see I again . chuck away ? he get up , suddenly alarmed , walk to the mantel and open a chest . ABBY what be you do ? Chuck drape he neck with the steal he use in slaughtering the hog . her face go empty . he get he razor strop from the shave basin . she shrink back in the corner . he look at she for a moment , then leave the room . 276 int . staircase - night Abby pursue he down the stair . he throw she aside . ABBY where be you do ? Chuck ! what be you do ? I will not let you ! come back ! again he throw she aside , and again she keep after he , desperate to prevent any harm come to Bill . finally he pick she up and drag she outside . 277 ext . porch - night he lash she with a rope to a column of the porch . she struggle vainly to free herself . do he intend to use the razor on she ? ABBY no , Chuck ! please , darling ! it be not he fault . it be mine . let he go . I love you , Chuck . do anything , only please ... chuck I be sick of hearing lie . he stuff a handkerchief in she mouth and leave . 278 tight on chuck - night Chuck wander through the night with a lantern , call he mare . 279 ext . burnt -out field - dawn Dawn break . Chuck ride over the burnt - out field look for Bill . the foot of he lank white mare be wrap to the fetlock in wet burlap , to protect they from the smoulder grass . it prance warily along , without make a sound , wreathe in a mist of blue smoke . with he he carry a stool . the camera pan up to the smoke which be carry he fortune off . 280 chuck pove burnt , blind deer stand and look at he in utter terror , as though they understand he intention . the roast corpse of sharptail grouse , coyote and badger lie scattered here and there . pile of dung burn on after the grass be out . a peacock from the belvedere wander around , angry and perplex . 281 bill Bill be repair he motorbike by a rock in the middle of the scorched landscape . the tire be soft as licorice from the heat . suddenly , he look up . Chuck have find he . he jump behind the handlebar and fishtail off . Chuck break into a gallop , ride he down , knock he to the ground with the stool , dismount and stamp in the spoke of the front wheel to make sure he go no further . bill who do you think you be ? now you have ruin it . what 's get into you ? chuck where you head ? bill why do I have to tell you ? I can come and go when I like . this be still a free country , last I hear . Bill stop when he see the stool . Chuck calmly strop the razor on he stirrup flap . there be no secret now . bill what can I say ? too late for apology . you have get a right to hate I . Chuck put the razor away and advance on Bill with the stool . bill I want to leave . you will not ever see I again . I already get what I deserve . there be nothing Bill can say to appease he . this will be a fight to the death . Chuck lash out with the stool . Bill duck too late . bill watch it ! Chuck come at he again . Bill throw a punch , but Chuck block it and knock he down again with the stool . Bill reel back and crack he head on the bicycle frame . this time he stay down . satisfied the struggle be over , Chuck go back to get some rope . 282 new angle Chuck shut he eye to mumble a prayer of absolution -- in Russian . Bill in a panic , snap a speak out of the break wheel and lay it against he sleeve . Chuck move in for the kill . Bill get to he foot . he want to run but fear make he knee like water . suddenly , they be face to face . Chuck swing at Bill with the stool but miss . Bill lift the speak above he and drive it deep into Chuck 's heart . Chuck gasp . Bill seem just as shocked . Chuck sit down to determine the gravity of he injury . blood jet rhythmically out the end of the speak , as though from a straw . Bill circle he , unbely . bill should I pull it out ? Chuck put he finger over the end of the speak . blood seep out the side of he mouth , like sap from a break stem . bill I better get somebody . he try to catch the rein of Chuck 's horse , but it shy out of reach , its conscience repell . he look back at Chuck in anguish . what have he do ? bill you be my friend . 283 tight on bill and he pove the belvedere be visible on the horizon . Bill hesitates a moment , then head back on foot to find Abby . he give Chuck a wide berth . then , on a ridge in the distance , he spot benson . bill get a doctor ! fast ! how much do he see ? Bill do not stay to find out but take off run , though not without first collect he rabbit . benson , meanwhile , bound down the hill to Chuck 's side . his leave sleeve have be burn away . the flesh beneath be the color of a raw steak . 284 chuck pove Chuck see the smoke from he field , the burnt deer , a circle hawk . 285 tight on chuck he breathes in gulp . his eye be blank , like a child 's marble . he take benson 's hand . chuck ( weakly ) be not he fault . tell she ... forgive they . the locust can be hear no more . the prairie make a sound like the ocean . Chuck turn he back and die . 286 tight on benson benson weep . whether or not he understand Chuck 's last wish , he seem unlikely to abide by they . 287 ext . belvedere Bill find Abby bound to the house like the figurehead of a ship . he cut she loose . the rope fall at she foot . she be free . they look at each other for a moment . then , in a rush of compassion for they all , she throw she arm around he . Bill wonder if she be take he back . might they difference all have be a terrible misunderstanding ? ABBY we have to hurry . Chuck 's out look right now . oh , Bill , what have we do ? he take he razor . we need to hurry . he might be come back any minute . Bill mention nothing of he encounter . she grab she bindle , Bill a handful of silverware and a umbrella . after a moment 's hesitation , he put they back . 288 new angle they run down to the barn , where the car be store . the sapling in the front yard have be stripped even of they bark . Abby stop to look back at the belvedere one last time . Chuck do not want she anymore . how could she expect he to ? Bill grab she by the hand and tug she along . 289 ext . barn Abby throw open the door of the barn . Bill crank up the engine of the overland . ABBY will the cop be look for we , too ? bill probably . Abby stand in the door . she be reluctant to leave , though she know they must . bill get in . she notice that Bill 's lip be cut , he shirt soak with blood . ABBY what happen to you ? where 's this from ? Bill look down . he forget . bill have a accident . she look at he for a moment , not quite trust this explanation . the engine catch with a noise like start - lead poultry . Bill get behind the wheel . just as they be pull out of the garage , Ursula run up , black as coal from battle the fire all night . URSULA where you go ? bill ( breathless ) we get in a jam . you will be safer here . say we be head for town . take care of the rabbit , too . he 's yours now . URSULA what 's the matter ? bill just do what I say . why be you always argue about everything ? wait here till we get in touch . Bill give Ursula he wallet and a kiss . Abby give she a hug . 290 ext . burnt grass they roar off through the burnt grass of the prairie . Abby wave goodbye . 291 there Pov ( moving ) as they crest a ridge , benson appear in front of they , wave a hand to flag they down . Bill put he foot on the gas . benson see they be not go to stop and fire at then with a pistol . Bill grab a shotgun from a scab - bard under the dash and fire back . nobody be hurt . ABBY what 's the matter with he ? Bill shrug . Inside he feel a great relief . they be free at last . at last he have she back . 292 ext . bonanza gate they veer off across the prairie , towards the razumihin gate . the music come up full . 293 ext . shack on river they have come to a lone shack on the river , a drink house for pass boatmen . they negotiate ( in pantomime ) with the proprietor for a tiny steam boat moor at the end of the pier . when the car be not enough , Abby throw in she necklace . 294 aboard the boat they board the boat and turn down stream . there be a phonograph on board . 295 tight on necklace the necklace sparkles on the hood of the car -- a hint they be leave behind evidence that could betray they . 296 ext . boat on river - and moving pove they glide along in the hush of evening . the reed be full of deer . crane , imprudently tame , dance on the sand bar . Bill look around in wonder . he know this may be he last day on earth . Abby throw a sounding line . a couple from a local farm seek privacy in the willow . other boatmen glide past in silence . a child play a fiddle on the deck of a scow . hunter creep along the shore in search of waterfowl . 297 ext . camp - dusk Bill sleep under a tarp . Abby look out across the water and burst into sob . she have wronge Chuck and throw she life away . 298 there pove ( moving ) - night they shine a lamp into the murky depth and spear pickerel with a hammer - out fork . strange rock loom up and give way to wide moonlit field . they have the sense of enter place where nobody have be since the make of the world . 299 ext . farmhouse four lawmen , in pursuit , interrogate some farmer . have they see the two people stand by Chuck in he wedding portrait ? benson hold the bulky frame . there be a funereal border of black crepe at the corner . 300 ext . aboard the boat - dusk they drift idly on the flood . the phonograph be play in the stern . Abby be back in trousers . Bill point to a white house on the shore , a image of comfort and peace . bill I use to want a set - up like that . something like that , I think , and you would really have it make . now I do not care . I just wish we could always live this way . he see that she mind be somewhere else . he want to tell she the truth about Chuck , for intimacy 's sake , but it would just put more of a cloud over everything . it might even cause she to hate he . bill maybe you want to write he a letter . ABBY I have not think of that . bill you really do love he , do not you ? she do not reply . bill you want to go back ? ABBY ( shaking she head ) too late for that . I could never face he again . they look at each other for a moment . he touch she face , to show that he do not hold it against she . she touch he back . they only have each other now . they must save what moment they can . bill guess it 's you and I again . 301 new angle on a sudden whim , Abby take off she wedding bracelet and hold it over the water . ABBY watch this . Bill be catch off guard . before he can make a move she throw it far out into the river . they laugh , without know why , at this extravagance . 302 ext . shore .. tracking shot they gather May apple and black haw . the music from the phonograph come up full . they dig clam from a sand bar in a playful way . we be remind of they first day on the harvest . 303 xt . undergrowth they make love in the undergrowth . Abby , afterwards , lie in a naked daze . the damp green of the wilderness envelop she . 304 there Pov - on CITY on river - night rounding a bend in the river that night , they come upon the light of a great city . they have douse the run lamp . except for a faint groan of the tree along the shore , the river be silent , convey the sound of the city to they from across a great distance -- bell , joy - ful voice , horn , the chirp of brake , etc . 305 ext . CITY street and there pove - night they sneak down a alley . there be sign of life behind a few window , but the city pursue its gaiety elsewhere . suddenly , they come upon a policeman make he round . they let he pass , then cut through a vacant lot back to the boat . 306 ext . river front - day the next morning find they campe in a thicket on the river front below a factory . Bill wake up , mysteriously happy . they blanket be heavy with dew . overhead , finch tilt from branch to branch . a light wind rush through the leave . whatever he trou - ble , they seem very small to he in the great . scheme of thing . he look at Abby , mouth silent word in she sleep . he put on a white scarf and start down to the boat . the slope be strewn with sodden carton , burnt brick and burst mattress , a avalanche of urban excreta . 307 he Pov abruptly he stop . two police officer be comb over the boat . they have not see he . he edge back . suddenly , there be yell on the hill above they . Bill look up . benson be call he to the attention of a car-load of policemen pull up beside he . the officer at the boat now spot he , too , and open fire . Bill dart like a rabbit into the thicket . 308 tight on ABBY Abby bolt awake . Bill jump down beside she , breathless , and begin look frantically for the shell to he shotgun . ABBY what 's go on ? bill keep down . can not explain now . they be here . ABBY who ? what be you talk about ? stop a minute . he cover she with he body as bullet zoom through the undergrowth . his face be close to hers . she burst into tear . bill do not get shot . look for I under that next bridge down . after dark . he empty out the content of he pocket -- a watch , a couple of dollar in change , a ring -- and slap they down in front of she . the Police fan out along the ridge above they . he jam a flare pistol into he belt and kiss she goodbye - - after a moment 's hesitation -- on the cheek . she try in vain to hold he back . bill I wish I could tell you how much I love you . 309 ext . mud flat Bill run from the thicket down to the water . the Police have bunched on the other side . it seem he might be able to escape . keeping low , he splashes across a mud flat . suddenly he run into a trot line that a fisherman have leave out overnight . the hook bite into he thigh and shoulder , yanking a string of startle , thrashing catfish out of the water . he keep run in a panic , not realize the line be stake to the shore . all at once , he jackknife in the air . the stake twang loose . the Police now spot he and begin fire . 310 tight on ABBY Abby run out of hide , think at first that the Police must be look for she . ABBY why're you shoot ? you will kill he ! have you go crazy ? stop ! oh , Bill , not you ! not you ! 311 new angle Bill stumble along , try to rip the hook from he flesh , but the fish -- fight they way back to the water -- only drive they in deeper . ahead two mounted police surge into the river , block he retreat . he empty he shotgun at they and throw it away . they hold up , astonished . he dash across a sand bar for the deep of the river and comparative safety . Black mud cling to he foot , draw he down like a fly in molass . benson go run out into the river ahead of the Police . benson leave he alone . I want he . leave he alone . ( fire ) there you go ! there you go ! he shoot Bill down . Bill turn and look at he in sur - prise . benson shoot he again , point blank . 312 underwater shot Bill 's blood fade off quickly in the glide water of the river . the line of frighten catfish dance out behind he like a garland . 313 other angle a dog trot off in alarm . benson wade into shore , tear stream down he face , he chest heaving with emotion . Abby fall to the ground in a convulsion of grief . a short way down the river people come and go along the bridge where they be to meet . 314 isolated on roller piano a roller piano sit in a corner by itself , play a fox - trot . the camera move back . 315 int . arboretum - attic young dancers be learn the foxtrot in the attic of the arboretum , a tacky western version of a Eastern finish school . the step be paint on the floor as white footprint . Abby be apparently enrol Ursula here . the headmistress , madame murphy , boast of the school 's achievement . Ursula look trap . Abby check she watch . she must go . 316 ext . brick STREET Abby and Ursula walk down a empty street . Abby wear a mourn band on she sleeve . she be under the false im - pression that Ursula like she new home . a indian porter cart she bag along behind they in a wheelbarrow . ABBY they will teach you poise , too , so you can walk in any room you please . pretty soon you will know all kind of thing . ( pause ) I never read a whole book till I be fifteen . it be by caesar . they laugh at she careful pronunciation of " caesar . " 317 ext . train station Abby 's train be about to leave . the conductor walk by blow a whistle . a five- piece band play sousa air . they be practically the only civilian on the platform . the rest be soldier bound for Europe , where America have just enter the War , on fire with excitement and a sense of high adventure . URSULA I like you hat . ABBY it do not seem like a bird come down and land on my head ? Abby take the hat off and give it to Ursula , who lately have begin to take more trouble with she appearance , comb - ing she hair free of its usual snarl . they laugh at they reflection in a window of the train . ABBY I hardly ever wear it . be sure and write every week . signal nod . a lamp wink . there be leave- taking up and down the platform as the train slide away . Abby hop on board . a soldier next to she shed bitter tear . URSULA you write I , too ! they wave goodbye . 318 ext . arboretum - night late that evening Ursula lower herself out a third - floor window of the arboretum with a rope make of bedsheet . 319 tight on girl at window the other girl stand in they nightgown and wave good - bye , amaze at she boldness . she slip off into the night . 320 ext . backstage door - night Ursula look in a backstage door . she can see , through the wing , a man dance on stage . there be a feel of mad excitement about the place . the person she be look for be not here , however . 321 ext . alley - ursula's theme - night she run down a alley . a man step out of the shadow -- George , the pilot . she throw herself in he arm . this be we first sight of he since he leave the bonanza . URSULA you be here ! oh , hug I ! they kiss madly , with mystery . the moonlit , midsummer night thrum URSULA be not we happy ? oh , George , have anybody ever be this happy ? he rock she back and forth in he arm . they laugh , think what lucky exception they be to the world 's misery . URSULA hurry . they will be look for I . 322 ext . airplane - dawn George bundle Ursula , giggle , into a biplane . URSULA this do not even belong to you . suppose they catch we ? 323 ext . pasture -- dawn from a pasture outside town the plane rise into the vast dawn sky . 324 int . textile factory Abby change bobbin on a huge loom . a pall of lint and anonymous toil hang over the factory . down the way a handsome male worker smile at she . she smile back , interested . ABBY it seem a age we have be apart , and truly be for that who love each other so . whenever shall we meet ? ' 325 tight on machinery the shuttle rocket back and forth . off camera we hear Abby read what seem part of a letter to Ursula . ABBY ( o.s. ) soon , I hope , for by and by we will all be go , urs. do it really seem as though we might ? ' 326 underwater shot we look from the bottom of a river up toward the light . in the foreground , dangle from the tip of a submerge limb , be the bracelet Abby throw away . ABBY ( o.s. ) ' the other day I try to think how I would look laid out in a solemn white gown . close my eye I could almost hear you tiptoe inlook down in my face , so deep asleep , so still . 327 ext . field - series of angle the people of the razumihin rebuild the land -- raise fence and sink a well , plow down the stubble and put in the seed . ABBY ( o.s. ) ' I go to lincoln Park Zoo the other day . it be great as usual . I enclose a check . ' a anonymous young man , stand on a carpet of new - sprung wheat , look up with a start . from the distance come a ghostly noise -- the call of the prairie chicken at they spring rite . he listen for just a moment , then return to work . the end