November 20 , 1989 day of thunder by Robert towne first draft notice : this script and its content be confidential . it be not to be reproduce or xerox without the express permission of paramount picture . # 20 a don simpson / jerry bruckheimer production paramount picture Inc. 5555 melrose Ave. Hollywood , CA 90038 fade in : a series of black and white photograph start with a thirty - four Ford . the copper still in mountain mist ; lean and hungry man and boy load mason jar and gallon tin drum of liquor into car in cowpasture ; the car speed up , down and around the mountain , pursue by relentless revenuer . lone voice ( sing ) let I tell the story I can teli it all about the mountain boy who run illegal alcohol . daddy make the whiskey Son , he drive the load and when he engine roar they call the highway Thunder Road . silence . only the photo of the ' 34 Ford remain . a crawl : ' wherever they drive they discover the automobile do more than help they make a live . it give they a reason to live .* fade : the silence be shatter by the sound of roll thunder , roll and grow , grow until it 's a earsplit , toothrattle , earthquaking all engulf wave of thunder time forty : ext daytona speedway ( day ) forty stock car in a blaze of sound and color have start they engine . begin credit . the engine 's roar give way to a throbbing score and camera race through the riot and pageantry of the daytona 500 . Green , black , red , yellow , white and checker ~ all the flag that rule the thunder wave past , the gold of Miller High life , the bullseye - day- glo - orange of tide , the black bandit of goodwrench , this car fly past , the snaky pit lizard with they pick- me-up - and - fuck - I boot , the cooler carry good old boy totin’ more beer and more pussy and more kaby , the pit crew immaculately uniform in folger 's Red and quaker State green , the driver slide into uniform and car , they dashboard with xerex ~ valvoline -coor crest , each driver a King in he commercial fiefdom , about to risk it all in roaring battle , the wife hold they baby , anxiously watch , spotter on the phone , espn crew go crazy before a bank of tv monitor of all the above , the driver seat on fold chair they head bent in prayer and the slogan under the reverend , " with God you be always a winner , " the prowling pit Nazis of nascar , the battalion of reporter , and more miss darlington and frizzy head honey legge blond , the bank of suite behind window where money and power watch the pageantry below , all this in the few second before - Nov 20 1989 . 2. bob jenkins this be it , welcome to daytona and another year of Winston Cup racing , as forty of the top driver in the country begin they annual quest , a furious assault on the most covete prize in auto racing , the Winston Cup - Shots of the cup and past winner . ned jarrett - thirty race at 16 track ina grueling season that run from February to November , from short half - mile high bank track like bristol , where you feel like you be run around the inside of a cereal bowl , to the 2.66 mile of the talladega International speedway - Quick shot - feature the bunched , bee-buzze of martinsville and bristol - and the long sweeping .. speed of daytona and talladega - where a car do get airborne and crash through the guard rail . bob jenkins ~ the longest race be 600 mile , the shortest 218 . depend on the race , the winner will take home anywhere from fifty to two hundred thousand dollar and at the end , when the last flag be throw , all the victory and all the point add up , the Winston Champion take home the Cup , a check for a million dollar and the appreciation of over 3,000,000 fan , the large attendance for any motor sport in America - ned jarrett ~ but today , Bob Jenkins , this driver have only one thing on they mind , the crown jewel , the superbowl of racing - the daytona 500 . Old black and white shot of daytona beach , car racing and spin and spitting sand , to early black and white of the newly complete daytona and legendary driver like fireball Roberts and legendary glamor queen like Linda vaughan - Nov 20 1989 . . 3 . ned jarrett v.o . it be here on the beach that big Bill France first see the future , and out of the sand build this 2.33 mile monument to super-speed , the daytona International speedway ~ a soft southern voice ( genteel and discreet ) ~ scuse I , Tim . but I get some guy from a construction company out there - int CITY chevrolet ( day ) : 3 tim daland the youthful owner of City chevrolet have just be tear away from the television in he customer 's lounge by junior byrd , he manager . junior ( point toward showroom ) - want to buy some vehicle . Tim nod slowly , eye drift back toward the tiv . junior ~ a number of vehicle . truck , car ... Tim nod , watch the race coverage . junior ( patiently go on ) - six short wheel base pick -up , a couple of long wheel , a pair of full size caprice 's ... Tim look grudgingly to junior , impressed . junior {an add feature ) lotta car , Tim - plus he doed not have a thing to trade . naturally he want to talk to the dealer . Tim nod . daland wo not be but a minute - junior Race startin ? Tim nod helplessly . junior Hell , then . 1/11 tell he to forget the whole deal . Nov 20 1989 . 4a . Tim glance up at junior who smile , indicate he will take care of the customer somehow . Tim turn back to the set . on the t.v. - ned jarrett and benny parson continue with they coverage show waltrip , bodine , earnhardt behind the mesh in they car with photo insert of they face . then rowdy burn be interview by he exxon chevy lumina : ned jarrett - of course last year 's winner here , rowdy burn , be settin’ out there on the pole , with the fastest qualifying run , a blister 196.71 mile a hour . benny parson well if rowdy 's there for the last lap I would not want to bet against he . ned jarrett nossir . but it do remind I , benny , that as stiff as the competition be , in one sense daytona be go to be a little easier for all the driver this year . perhaps we should take this moment to remember two man who will not be here , the fable buddy bretherton and he equally legendary crew chief , Harry hogge . capsule bio of Harry hogge and buddy bretherton : move from black and white to color , they win race after race at track after track . ned jarrett v.o. - one year ago today , here at daytona , tragedy strike . after a uncharacteristic pre-race dispute between the two man , buddy bretherton die , hit the wall at over 195 mile a hour . then , late in the year nascar president Bill France announce he have receive a communication from Harry hogge , announce " my decision to withdraw , ' finally and irrevocably 's from the Winston Cup Series . " so it 's prove a double loss for racing , Bob . the film parallel the narrative , culminate in bretherton 's erash , funeral , and photo insert of hogge , along with a superimpose quote from Harry 's dear Bill letter . Jan 12 1990 . 5. bob jenkins yes indeed , ned . but the race go on ~ pace car be on the track , ext daytona a ' 5 forty car , engine rumbling with control rage , patrol the straightaway . they be immaculate , they color shiny in this last glorious moment before battle . pit man be poise , the crowd surge , the flag be up . then : spotter 's voice ( excited , through radio static ) . ~ pace car 's off , pace car 's off - the pace car have swing into pit lane . then as it wave : another spotter 's voice ~ green flag ! green flag ! go!go!go ! his voice be lose as the car color blur into sound and fury and blind speed . '' fade : rear angle car moving ext . harry hogge's farm 6 with City chevrolet on the frame surround the North Carolina license plate . it plod up a road ~ two red rut with weed between they - toward a corrugate metal barn like structure set in a cow pasture . tim daland get out of he car . next to the barn be a chevy truck with City chevrolet on its license frame . despite threaten weather , daland be perspire in he suit and tie . it 's eerily quiet . the only sign of life be cow graze by the crumpled and rusty frame of a couple of race car , bone in a elephant graveyard . the barn door be ajar . Tim look in . int harry hogge's garage 7 immaculate as a laboratory . ' trophies and tool , and memorabilia be on bench and shelf ; calendar of fine southern lady adorn the wall . the hull of one racing car sit alone on the otherwise barren garage floor . Tim hear the sound of a piece of machinery kick over in the distance , then a louder thwack . ext 's meadow harry hogge on a tractor 8s be ' putter along , whirly - bird a fine mist of chemical * fertilizer . Harry 's coon dog be bark like crazy but * Harry do not hear it over the havoc he 's wreak . Jan 12 1990 , 6. ' he finally notice the dog be upset . he turn and see daland clear the rise in a meadow and approach , coat sling over shoulder , tie loosen . Harry look , then continue on with he tractor . . _* daland arrive and allow himself to be ignore . he watch Harry plow through the fence . daland ( shouting ) look like you be enjoy the easy life , Harry . harry well I do not mind spread a * little fertilizer around now * and then - gettin’ the grass to * grow . there 's worse thing . * daland how 's the truck runnin ? harry run good . '' daland ( shouting ) I want you to build I a car . harry you sell I a truck , I build * you a car , be that the deal ? * daland sound gocd to I . * Harry turn off the tractor . there 's the sound of wind * through tree . * harry now Tim , everybody know some downtown car dealer can not afford a race team .. no driver worth a damn be gonna sign with you . they wreck one car , you can not afford to build ‘em another , and they be outta the deal you know ? no car 's gonna win without a driver , not even mine . Harry turn the tractor back on . daland ( shouting ) if you build the car , I 'a geta damn driver . Jan 12 1990 7 . ' there 's surprising force come from daland . Harry turn the tractor off again . he look at daland , see the man be desperate . this interest Harry slump a harry what kinda driver you gonna get after the season 's start ? '' some ol 's boy that 's wash up and be not worth a shit to begin with . daland you could work with he . vou can build a driver like you build a car , Harry . harry Tim , take a look at that hound - he 's the best coon dog I ever see or hear about , and I do not teach he a damn thing . daland well I get somebody . Harry , in spite of himself . '' harry who ? daland take a look at he . harry anybody I get to take a look at be not somebody . daland then take a look at nokody . little for the first time . harry Tim .. I give up racin’ . you gotta know that . daland you do not give up racing , Harry . you quit to avoid a investigation into buddy 's crash at daytona . harry I do not avoid any goddam investigation ! daland ( go right on ) ~ anyway I talk to nascar and if you come back in there will not be any investigaton . pee tehbioniee | * es maha Jan 12 1990 . '' Harry straighten back up . he 's suspicious . harry how in the hell do you sell ’em on that deal ? . Jan 12 1990 . 8. daland ( right back ) I be a hell of a salesman . ( then a smile ) - plus my wife 's sister~ in - law be marry to the reverend Emery cantrell who happen to be the Lieutenant Governor 's preacher . Harry shake he head . he 's stick somewhere between irritation and admiration . harry . you be a hell of a salesman . with that Harry start up the tractor and take off leave daland wonder how good a salesman he really be . donna ( day ) ext . charlotte motor speedway a young woman sit in a deck chair . she look as though she might be sun herself but for the clipboard , the stopwatch and the offscreen roar on the Charlotte motor speedway . wide angle charlotte motor speedway ( day ) ' from the infield Tim daland , Harry hogge , and rowdy burn 's pit crew along with interested spectator follow the progress of a single car , the familiar dark menace , rowdy burn 's exxon chevy . it cut a perfect line into the third turn . harry {to daland ) now that 's a race car driver . waddell , rowdy burn 's pit crew chief , move he head phone and lean into Harry . waddell when do you want the track ? harry when you be do . waddell we be about there . when 's you driver due ? they move toward donna to check the time as rowdy make the tunnel turn and cross the stripe : waddell Harry say you guy run that indy type deal ~ 1 ) 88 dorda rus bd8 udl val of thunder + 55 s[ mpsun / bruch Dec 9 1989 , 8a . daland sprint mainly , two World of outlaw championship , three all star win , seven straight feature win , and he 's be drive ars - waddell ( he eye glaze ) uh huh. ( quietly to Harry ) get yourself a real statistician . he know anything about driver ? harry ' we will see . waddell bend over donna to get the time . + ee ae + bk oe mf — - = bag88 16750 s704 548 ual 's er ae day uf jhunder += slmpsun / bru * insert the watch read 31.70 on the track rowdy burn 's pit crew chief be excited as be the spectator . he 's on - the radio eagerly tell rowdy to come on in . daland and other glance down at the clipboard the catch the 's number . donna hold it up for they to see . she 's convert the 31:70 to 171.937 mph . daland like everyone else be impressed . ' waddell ( relieved and gracious ) so Harry . where have you say you dyiver 's fron ? .. Barry look to daland . daland '' S oh - Eagle rock . waddell think for a moment . waddell that 's up around wilkesboro , id not it ? daland no. round Glendale - California . rowdy burn 's crew pause and look to they boss , waddell . waddell look to Harry . Harry look to daland . harry he 's a yankee . daland - uhh - not exactly . if you be from California you be not a yankee .. you be not really anything . harry you Said it - rowdy have purre up pit lane and arrive . he crawl out to congratulation and it 's clear he 's pleased . Nov 20 1989 . 10 . rowdy {to waddell ) - shock be right , we be dial in buddy , do not change a thing - he spot Harry and give he a poke . rowdy - hey you be not bury in horsemanure after all , you be lookin’ pretty good - harry - you be the one 's lookin’ good - rowdy lean up against he car with a sigh of relief . rowdy - it have not be easy , Harry , I 'il guaran - damn - tee -ya . but - ( he wink and tap the car ) - this bitch be ready to run . as he say this he happen to catch daland 's eye . who be eagerly listen and feel somehow a response be call for . daland I can not tell you how much we all appreciate you let we use the car , Mr. burn . the remark be ill time . rowdy freeze . his face lose all expression and he eye shine like a snake 's . waddell ( quickly ) now I tell you about this rowdy . Harry 's get some new driver and need a car just to turn a coupla lap . I tell you it be Harry hogge who ask we - personally as a favor . rowdy turn , very slowly , to Harry . rowdy who be this driver ? ( to crew ) turn she off . the engine 's turn off . but the sound continue unabate - as though it have be disconnect from the car and magically toss over to the track entrance - two dark tunnel , one for enter , one for exite . everyone - Harry , rowdy burn and he crew , daland , paramedics , firemen , a couple of other driver work on they car - turn to look . $ 99 0 : sru4 548 42 day ub thunder 75 > siarowny phenom wife 19 " bee wipdoy , urn of 48 ( 2 " @ the tunnel a like the twin barrel of a gigantic shotgun . the grow '' yoar sound not unlike echoing gunfire . materialize out of the right tunnel on a gleam piss -elegant harley - davidson , hair calvin klein model - coiff , wear designer shade , armani slack and shirt , and with one of this fashionable formless japanese designer overcoat flap like a silk flag in the breeze behind he , be cole trickle . he cide straight down the track toward camera and a astonished crew . harry ( quietly ) oh , Lord . dalang look like he want to disappear into the 100 degree asphalt surface of the track . . with harry , cole and daland , . —- garage area il as a grow crescent of interested onlooker surround then . harry ( politely ) 4s tin tell I you be run open wheel . cole that 's right . harry now you just wanna up and drive nascar . cole that 's right . Harry nod , try to ignore the way Cole be dress , rowdy 's glare , and what be start to look like a circus and a potentially spectacular display of incompetence . harry what do you know about stock car * racing ? * cole well , I have watch it on television * of course . * harry you have watch it on television , * he look murderously to Tim . '' Dec 2 1989 . cole Dec ' of 1983 . espn . the coverage be excellent , * some of the best sport coverage * in the country as a matter of fact . * you would be surprisad at how much you * can pick up - * harry ( cut he off ) * I be sure I would . iocok , this may * not be the best time for you to * run this car . * cole when do I get to drive ? be there * i some problem ? Dead silence . everyone leek to rowdy burn . rowdy nossir . y‘all go right 2head . but if you bend this bitch the least Little bit I be gonna tear you ball off . rowdy go over , sit on Cole 's bike and wait , cole take off he japanese overcoat and turn to '' sonna , the timer . cole miss would you mind very much if I hang this off you chair ? Harry and daland watch Cole unzip he bag and take out he * drive glove . * harry ( quietly , to Tim ) * do not he hear what that man say ? * daland * — uhbhh - * Dec 14 1989 12a . harry ( do not you think we oughta talk ? cole ( neatly pull he gear out ) - about how I be gonna run , sure . harry ( quietly ) about how you have manage to live : as long as you have . for be not gonna let you race this car . Cole stop what he 's do . he take a careful look at Harry , then just as neatly begin to put he racing gear back in the bag . daland what go on ? cole oput away he gear ) he 's have second thought . daland 'o ( furious ) , you say you have look at he . harry I have look at he . daland I have pay twenty - five hundred dollar to use this track today , Harry . cole ( cooly ) forget it . he need a brand name like exxon or Richard petty . harry ( stung ) , I know a damn race driver when I see one . waddell ocall out ) - what 's go on , Harry ? be this happen or what ? Harry 's on the spot . * daland , do we all a favor Harry . let he * | drive . # Cole turn to Harry . suddenly : * Dec 14 1989 cole 12b . let I do it . I will not make a fool out of you . Cole 's intensity actually shock Harry . then : he take a moment 1§/89 16:54 t4548 0413 '' day uf thunder +++ simpsun bruchelm ous Dec 12 1989 . 4a . harry ( to Cole ) - that tumel turn real tricky — whether it 's hot or cold it get slick as a button and you will slip and slide and slam yourself into tha wall before you know it . so just take she easy . when I think you be ready to drop the hammer , I ’11l let you know . any question ? i ' Cole shake he head . then : cole ~ what 's this ? he point to the dash . paint on it be four word : ' roof - push door - loose 's harry it 's for racing - when you pit , you point to the roof if the front end 's tight and you can not control . it , or to the door if the rear 's loose and you can not control it - do not mean anything to you . cole you be right . I do not care which end of a car go around a corner first - cole in . the exxon car , + =~ track '' 120 move onto the track and head toward the Winston sign at the first turn . Harry with daland watch anxiously . the car make its way through the one - two turn . it purr at what appear to be a leisurely pace down the backstretch . it continue on into the third turn . Harry and daland begin to relax a little . - garage area 13 at the tunnel turn - track 14 heat shimmer off the high - bank thermal - ridge asphalt . because we be close the car whip through the turn with much more speed and force than have appear from the infield . Nov 20 1989 . 14 . harry and daland ~ garage area 15 still hold they breath watch the exxon chevy move off the dangerous turn toward the finish line . at this distance it seem like a leisurely pace once more . with cole - int . car 16 who yawn . he push the radio button . with harry on the headset ~ garage area 17 and : cole 's voice I be goin’ on the stripe . harry ( vehemently ) no you be not . barooom exxon chevy '' = track 18 cross the stripe - the noise explode from the purring engine like a thunderclap . Cole be off like a shot . - garage area 19 the watch spectator come alive . rowdy rise straight off the motorcycle seat . all eye be glue to Cole and the car . int cockpit over cole - int . car 20 the Winston sign approach at high speed . it seem the car be go head - on into the wall . Cole make the turn . harry and daland ~ garage area 21 watch as Cole move smoothly through the second turn and into the backstretch . . back on the infield Harry and daland view Cole with grow relief . waddell lean over : waddell ( to Harry ) - not a bad line - the tunnel turn - track 22 again at track level . this time the car fly into frame , spew smoke , rubber and blind speed . as Cole near the stripe Harry turn to donna who be mesmerize . he grab she watch hand . the watch be not run . Nov 20 1989 . 15 . donna oh - I forget . harry get he now . Cole cross the stripe . donna punch the watch . the little digit - down to the thousandth - fly . with cole ~ track 23 thée Winston sign rush towards we at speed that make everything previous look fluid and leisurely - the speed look like a series of speed - of - light still photograph . the sound seem like it will shred the cockpit . from the infield Pov - garage area 24 Cole complete one - two and fly down the backstretch . there 's a grow buzz of excitement from the spectator . Harry be strike dumb . waddell ~ I do not believe this - daland be start to smile . even rowdy burn 's crew be get a kick out of it . rowdy be not amused . at the tunnel turn - track 25 again . this time the car explode into frame broadside , sideways , all four tire burn and smoking rubber . exxon lock wildly out of control , as though it 's go to smash into the wall . harry and daland ~ garage area 26 wince . donna rise out of she deck chair . with cole - int . car . 27 the track hurtle into the cockpit . engine revs be deafen . the sight and sound and burnt rubber smell of speed be ramming itself down Cole 's throat . Cole be blissful . mute engine enough to hear he half - hum , half - moan ef pleasure like a kid eat he favorite dessert . down the track - track 28 suddenly , the exxon chevy be through the turn , perfectly control and speed on a plumbline toward the camera and the finish line . at the stripe Cole zoom across it . there be a surge of spectator from the infield to the track to get a better look at this driver . 18°39 1 uibsgteud s48 u4ld day uf thunder +++ s1mpsun / bri bee 14 1989 . . 16 . pry harry : ~ garage area 29 stare at the digital watch read - out that be at the end of donna 's limp hand . it read ' 31.68 's - two hundredth of a second faster than rowdy 's . waddell read it and nearly choke on whatever he 's eat . waddell it 's under rowdy 's time . waddell glance uneasily at the figure freeze on he bike . harry might a be better if he crack up the car . on the track - garage area 30 &xxon chevy have stop . rowdy burn 's crew be all over it . buck who have come with Harry , help Cole out the window . buck ( earnestly ) - that be fast - no cole ( take off helmet ) - yeah ? daland come up hold a stop watch . * daland fast enough to take the pole in * the last race here . * ( there should be someone that pull he out of the scene . ) * buck Hell I think this be gonna be * a joke . you never drive a stock car before ? cole sprint mainly . what 's you name ? buck Buck bretherton . what ' 's yours ? cole Cole trickle . damn nice to meet you , Buck . buck damn nice to meet you too , Cole . Harry and daland have reach the car and Cole . harry with cole 19 ° $ 9 16354 sto4 548 041d day wf thunder -~+ simpsun -/ brucheim Dec 14 1989 walk back towards Cole 's bike . barry = you be one lucky son of a bitch in that tunnel turn . the car be way out of shape - 16a . F % ) yous he 's say cy , even ' pleasantly . but it 's a - unm . stakable hreat . rowdy walk on - Cole turn to Harry . e '' cole : well , do we get to see ? eye Cole suspiciously . . '' beep ed harry 80 how come you do not want to stick to open wheel ? * cole lose my ride . harry oo . after two championship and seven pi mo straight win - you get fire ? cole ( very coldly ) 9 I lose my ride . ay ( then ) ~ do not matter . ida quit ; , regardless . os harry why 's that ? cole : be not go anywhere . " harry where do you want to go ? ndianapolis , but you ' can not win ts indy without a great car and be my. name 's not andretti or unser . * on’ the other hand stock car mare stock car . they be pretty et ! just say stock car mare build to . run qual , be not that ? axight ? : ' so . I 'do not have to worry about» get beat by another ear ( acidly ) soe in other word all you have to get beat by harr ' : . well Cole here 's just passin 's through ' but as near as I can tell he 's : agree to hang around long enough to take ' the Winston Cup . daland sound good to I . me ' in ’and turn on the light . he look up at 's the cythe* hover over he head . and in a fuller 's view # il een*as * the '' do emplate , : the profile : suis cx va cage and sus ; floor : beneath c. lashes through the window and hit . the roll cage ofsetxoff the welding and poundin and 's grind @ precision 's cut and buffing - a dtting ! gs ' as '' Harry furiously work withatilea & ; dissolve through as camera move ' aroun tthe ' rollcage ' and it become progressively encase ' in : its % ilver ; ski ythe come slowly recogniza 's off a few millimeter . a mock engine be vide clearance for the hood differeritial and ear-box fill the air , the picture of fine southern lady : not the calendar change as the week go by and the work *} " sdissolve through . the car be be paint * }day - glo green and yellow with City chevrolet paint in the ' primary sponsor 's spot across the hood . this entire process f£ the car 's creation should be impressionistic , like : time - lapse photography - as though we be look at organic rowth , the birth of a live thing , the open of a flower Nov 20 1989 . . 18. dissolve through . Harry lie on the floor look up through the open hood to the engine be lower toward he and the camera , until it fill the frame and it go black . the pace car 's light bar - ext . phoenix raceway 32 be flash wildly . pull back to reveal it and the field of forty car roll behind it scuffing tire as they go . bob jenkins ( v.0. during the above ) - the pace car 's complete its final warm - up lap before the start of the checker 500 here at the Phoenix International raceway . ned jarrett v.0o . well Bob Jenkins it 's not a short track lend itself to a ' frammin’ and bammin’ 's type race which favor the aggressive hard charger like Dale earnhardt and rowdy burn —- during this , isolate camera shot of earnhardt ana burn 's car with photo insert of the man themselves . ned jarrett v.0. ( continue ) - however the surprise could be a rookie , young Cole trickle whose earlier career be build on . roadcourse and who have take the pole in he first Winston Cup appearance - camera isolate Cole 's City chevrolet car in first position behind the pace car on the track , with insert shot of Cole as well . ned jarrett v.0o . ( continue ) ~ qualifying at 121.47 mph in the new Tim daland Harry hogge City chevrolet , this be a driver and team look for a sponsor and they be certainly off to a fine start . unlike the other car Cole have no sponsor on the hood or trunk or sponsor decal that cover the other car like combat ribbon . the shiny green and yellow car with it 's number 46 look pristine , nude . there be shot of Harry and he crew look alert and very nervous in they spot on pit lane . int car cole ( moving ) 33 by contrast look relaxed . he 's out for a Sunday drive . spot a couple of great look girl in the grandstand . Nov 20 1989 . : 19 . he smile . harry voice ( on radio ) - get some heat in that thing before it go green - Cole continue to watch the girl . harry voice - green flag ! green flag ! there be a roar around Cole . he floor it a fraction late . earnhardt in the number two lane have shot in front of Cole for the lead . . ~- track 34 furious , Cole try to move to the outside but suddenly . find himself surround front back and side by car go 120 mile a hour just inch from he front , rear and right door- handle as they race into the first turn . down the straightaway rowdy from behind give Cole - clearly try to adjust to the heavy traffic at high speed - a little nudge . int cole 's car 35 Cole be jarre and suprise . ext track 36 Cole ricochet off the car on either side of he , bang the side panel on he leave and the rear fender on he right as they go into the 2nd turn . he hit they much more forcefully than rowdy have nudge he - send one car fishtail and smoking into the infield grass , the other into the wall where it bend another fender , not before it carom off a couple of other car , however , cause they in turn to bump other car . ned jarrett v.o. oh my , trickle seem a little tentative out there - everyone recover but it 's a mess , leave driver furious . Cole 's shiny new car have a dent fender and crease door panel . ext truck top daland - parking area 37 moan and lower binocular . on pit road harry 38 spit into he cup . Nov 20 1989 . int car cole shake . cole ( on radio ) 20 . 39 - the son of a bitch slam into I ! with harry harry - he do not slam into you , he - pit 40 do not bump you , he do not nudge you , he rubbed you . and rubbin 's son , be racin’ . full shot track Cole be lose in a crowd . on the turn his car can be see - filthy , splatter with full of dent it look like the fan have bee at hin . through a grimy cockpit cole Pov the car in front of he lose a tire , smoke a rubber fill the air . Cole jerk the wheel . eat track Cole bang into a couple of other car go with the flat tire and he get a flat . the yellow flag be wave . the pace car move onto the track . down . benny parson v.o. well it 's certainly a busy day the pace car , ned . that 's the fourteenth caution this aftern what 's the record at Phoenix , you recall ? ned jarrett v.o . I do not know , benny . but I believe we will find out what it by the end of the race . on pit row the sign be out for the income driver . batter chevrolet limp in on two flat . 41 oil , and so n throw rock - int . - car 42 no burn 43 around the car 44 the car slow for oon . do be 45 Cole trickle 's nav 20 1989 . 21 . his over - the-wall gang go into action jack up the car , change tire and gas . Harry dive through the passenger window . he confront Cole who be drench with sweat and dirt , he shoe smoking from the heat come up from the floorboard . harry all right , while we be still under a caution I want you to go back out on that track and hit the pace car . hit the pace car . cole what for ? harry you have hit every other goddam thing out there , I want you to be perfect ! the jackman drop the car . the tire hit the road . Cole be dumbstruck . . harry go on , go , go , go ! he jump back out , grumble and cussing and do not even bother to see Cole shove back into the fray . helicopter shot | - ext . talladega speedway 46 high above the race track , with endless mile of . traffic as fan make they way to a beautiful speedway . ned jarrett v.0 . welcome racing fan to talladega , the home of the fame Alabama International motor speedway for the start of the Winston 500 - in mid race - int . car 47 Cole with he car in fairly good condition , try to take rowdy on the outside . harry voice ( on radio ) - you be goin 's too high , stay in the groove - ~ track 48 on the turn rowdy nudge Cole . Cole promptly careen up into the wall hit it front and back . he spin to a stop with four flat tire . Harry turn and kick a gas can across the pit . Nov 20 1989 . 22 . at the finish line ( another race ) - ext . charlotte raceway 49 the checker flag be drop . bob jenkins v.0 . - and rowdy burn have just win the coca cola here at the Charlotte motor speedway - in pit lane 50 it 's after the race . the crew go over Cole 's - once again - completely batter car . Cole , pretty beat up himself , watch one of the crew member spot a side panel that be not damage . buck how about that ? we get a side we do not have to work out . Harry promptly kick in the side panel . harry I do not want you spoiled , benny . Harry spit at Cole 's foot and walk off . Cole be furious . from pit to pit - ext . michigan track 51 Harry and he over - the-wall gang watch one calamity after another . daland be there on occasion to share they mount misery : 1 . at Michigan the field of forty sit becalm under a red flag . Cole look thoroughly disgust , but he 's near the front of the pack . harry voice ( on radio ) now you be settin’ pretty good - but on the restart I want you go get some heat in that engine before they throw the green , you copy ? on the restart other driver be gun they engine behind the pace car . Cole do not . the green flag drop . Cole gun it , surge to the front - and blow he engine right through the hood . - ext . dover 52 2 . at dover Cole hit the wall - of he own pit . his over - the-wall gang scatter and dive for safety . Harry look up from behind the wall - fume . Nov 20 1989 . 23. ext race track day - ext . track a - int . car Cole be run in the middle of the pack . he notice the gauge on the dash fluctuate . he push the button . cole ~ I be run hot . I gotta pit . harry 's voice - I do not think so . we be busy now . cole you be what ? harry voice we be eatin’ ice cream - Cole glance out he window and glimpsis he crew . ext pit road day sure enough they nre eat ice cream cone . Harry and the crew sit in the deck chair and munch away . Harry wave to Cole as he go past . int car cole can not believe what he 's see . he nearly hit another driver who swerve and give he the finger . harry 's voice - now you be welcome to come on in and get one yourself , but I do not believe nascar would think much of you try to eat a ice cream cone out there . you have enough trouble ridin 's around the track as it be - ext pit road cole zoom on into the lane and scramble out of the car . he leap the wall and go after Harry , get tangle up with deck chair , smear with ice cream , and be restrain by crew . int CITY chevrolet ( day ) daland , exceptionally well dress in a dark suit , preside over he racing team 's meeting which include the entire pit crew . it 's in a little coffee shop off the service area . tension be high . Harry and Cole be on opposite side of the formica table , mustard and ketchup container between they . 53 54 55 56 57 | Jan 8 1990 24 . daland we mess up big time on Sunday . I have sponsor in the stand , I be huggin 's and holdin’ hand and kissin’ ‘em in the ear and prayin’ for a good show and what do we do ? we end up look like a monkey fuck a football out there . everybody out please ! except for you two . the team leave . Harry and Cole stay behind - silence . then : daland {almost casual ) I have get a question . what 's the one thing you absolutely need to do to win a race ? Harry start to answer . daland you keep quiet ! daland turn to Cole . daland you need to finish the race . cole ( to daland ) it would help to have a car that do not blow engine . harry ( to daland ) - if he would not get excited and over rev the sumbitch the engine would not blow ! ( with elaborate sarcasm ) - now Cole when you shift the gear and that little needle on the tac go into the red and read 9000 rpm , that 's bad . cole ( to daland ) it 's also my fault the tire blow - if you ask this old fart . harry Hell yes it 's you fault . there 's forty other vulture out there who manage to finish the race on they tire . you do not see darryll waltrip usin’ up he tire - i ob ee oo Jan 8 1990 25 . cole ( flaring ) there 's nothin 's I can not do with a race car ! harry well that 's the difference between you and I . there 's only so much I can do . daland Harry he doed not have to appreciate you job to do he . harry he sure as hell do ! how can he expect to race if he do not know what a race car can and can not do ? cole * what be this shit ? you want I to work the pit and you drive ? fine we will try that - Cole storm out into the use car lot . Harry be a little too worried to be altogether surly . daland so he 's be try too hard . what would you prefer Harry ? that he not try hard enough ? Harry glance uneasily over at daland . harry I can not talk to the sumbitch . daland think he can drive ? Harry turn and pace angrily . harry oh he can drive . he can drive beyond the limit of the tire , the engine , the car or anything else - ( he supress a belch ) - if the sumbitch have listen to I , we would not hardly ever lose a race . daland sigh , look out the window to see he wife and child wait for he . daland I gotta get goin’ . lauren 's about to take my head off . he do not move . he look miserable . * Jan 8 1990 25a . harry you know Tim , you sacrifice everything for racing . you can bite around the edge of it of course , but if you be really gonna be involved you gotta be ready to give up everything and maybey you be not ready to do that . daland I be not involved , Harry , I be commit . harry how 's that ? Jan 8 1990 ext car lot daland it 's like the good old boy say . if you sit down to breakfast tomorrow to bacon and egg the chicken be involved , the pig be commit . if we do not get we a sponsor in the next coupla 1 race my ass be fry , I be liable to be out of the car business altogether - and Harry . I know you / be great , you know you great but if the guy in the car doed not trust you we will never wina single race . ( day ) Cole watch one of Tim 's salesmen sell a truck . he 's get . the hood up and be point out engine feature to a serious buyer . Harry into shot . harry we gotta talk . cole all right Harry , talk ~ harry on the radio , during the race . you wanna run right on the rag edge all the damn time , you gotta tell I what 's goin 's on with the car - cole you just want to change the way I drive it . harry maybe . cole maybe you could set the car up so I do not have to change . harry I have be happy to - ( almost shouting ) ~ you just tell I how . this get to Cole . cole what do you want to know ? 58 oe eee he Nov 20 1989 . 27 . harry Hell , Cole , you be the driver . if you think she 's runnin’ loose or soft , tell we , we give a turn here , take some wedge out there , we will win some race . that 's all there be to it . cole I can not do that . harry why the hell not ? cole ( turn to he ) because I do not know what the fuck you be talk about . harry ( puzzle ) how do you mean that ? Cole look around . Harry look around . cole ( lowering he voice ) - I do not know much about car , okay ?.. harry ( brightiy ) hey Cole , that do not make you a damn bit different from any driver I ever meet . cole ( furious ) - I mean I really do not know . I do not know what you just say about turn here and wedge there . I do not know . harry ( a moment , then : ) how have that happen ? cole what the fuck 's the difference , they just tell I to get in the car and drive it and I could drive !.. the point be I have like to help but I can not . I be a idiot . I do not have the vocabulary . Harry think this over . Nov 20 1989 . 28 . harry then we will just have to figure one out . ext local track ( day ) : - garage area Cole in the car , crew member nearby . Harry lean in the window . his manner be confidential . harry - when you go to the doctor and tell he you have a headache what 's he liable to say ? cole ( puzzle ) I do not know . I guess it depend on the doctor . harry ( impatiently ) I do not care who he be , he 's gonna ask ' where do it hurt ? 's and you be probably gonna go , ' it '' hurt all over , 's and he 's gonna go , ' do it hurt over you right eye ? 's and you be gonna go , ' yeah , it hurt over my right eye 's and - cole ( embarrassed and annoyed ) - all right , Harry I get it ! you be the doctor . on the track Cole speed down a straightaway . int . car harry voice ( on the radio ) well ? how 's she feel ? cole I do not know ... like she 's look around . harry 's voice - lookin’ around where ? cole - everywhere . - track Racing toward camera the car indeed be wander a little from side to side . 59 60 61 Nov 20 1989 . 29 . with harry and pit crew - garage area 62 harry sort of like she 's huntin’ for somethin’ . cole voice ( on radio ) = yeah , huntin’ . Harry smile . he turn to the mechanic who hold a huge print out check list . harry - castor gotta be laid back - the mechanic check it off . cole into turn - int . car 63 the car nearly sideways , and out of control . cole whoa !..her ass be all over the place - she 's , she 's bend in the middle - harry 's voice - loose - cole Big time loose - but clearly Cole enjoy this more . harry you like loose better . cole yeah , how do you know ? harry 's voice - you like to be fast and on the edge of outta control , that 's loose - cole - but not big time loose - with harry : ~- garage area 64 harry ( to mechanic ) - spring and shock be soft - front of car - track 65 racing toward camera not waver - on a plumbline . Nov 20 1989 . 30 . - int . car 66 harry v.0 . - she huntin 's ? cole Hell no . she 's right on it . she 's trackin’ . into the turn 67 still pretty hairy . harry pushy or loose ? cole ( pleased ) ~ loose - harry voice but not big time loose . cole ten four . he whip into another turn in a perfect groove . he zoom across the stripe . Harry be tickle . by the car harry and cole - garage area 68 walk side by side on the track . Cole sip a gatorade . Harry 's coon dog meanwhile have leapt out of the crew van and catch up to the two of they . it try to get Harry to play . Harry find a pebble and heave it . the dog go tear off . harry - see before you come here you be runnin’ road course where there 's this gentleman 's agreement nobody get too close to each other , cos when open wheel tire so much as touch , shit you go straight up in the air and fly to New York . that kind of racin 's between the driver and the road - in stock car it 's between the driver - ( he have to heave the rock for the dog again ) in other word contact with other driver beat the car up enough . you do not want to punish she yourself . this time Cole throw the rock for the coon dog . he finally seem relaxed . Nov 20.1989 . 31 . harry now Cole , there 's something else - tire be what win a race . Cole regards Harry suspiciously . harry - if we can not figure a way to run so you do not melt the damn tire , we can not finish a race . cole so what do you want ? harry run fifty lap any way you like then - fifty lap like I want you to - give I a honest run . if you do I be gonna beat you . cole do not change I . harry . think you drive can not improve ? cole I do not say that . look I x11 take you word for what a car can do but I do not want to take anybody 's word for what I can do because nobody know . nobody know , godammit !.. that 's what racing 's for , to find that out , all right , all right , godammit Harry , I x11 try it ! he turn abruptly and head back to the car . Harry watch he a moment , then follow . ext track ( day ) ~ garage area 69 the car zoom across the stripe as a timer hit the stopwatch . the tire blister and smoking be pull off by crew member wear heavy glove . one of the tire roll over a lucite clipboard . the lucite sizzle and melt . harry all right this time you be gonna come down on the throttle easy , you nre gonna drag up easy , and you be gonna settle in the brake , and - and - Nov 20 1989 . 32 . Cole be nodd like a browbeaten kid . meanwhile crew member have finally replace the tire and the car hit the road . harry ( as it take off ) ~ I do not want the ass hangin’ out from that car ! ext charlotte chevrolet ( day ) 70 Harry 's van pull into the service area . he say something to junior . in a moment daland come hurry out . a tire rell to daland . it be blister and shred . harry 's voice - he way ~ my way .. another tire roll to daland . it be wear but in remarkable shape by contrast . Tim look down at the dramatic difference . Harry into shot . he hold a stopwatch . harry I be 6 second faster .. buy I some lunch at that highway joint , Tim . int . harry 's van harry and daland ( moving ) 71 daland glance at the rear of the van . Cole and Harry 's : coon dog be completely crap out in the back seat . daland = you run , you show he the watch and he just go right to sleep . harry yawned and go to sleep , yessir . daland he wad not suprise ? harry do not appear to be . daland he do not get mad you way be faster ? harry nossir . wasn not even curious . Nov 20 1989 . 33. daland well , Harry , what in the world make that damn yankee tick ? have you any idea ? Harry glance into the rear view mirror . harry Tim , I want you to turn around and look to you right . somewhat surprised , daland do . Harry 's coon dog have he head out the right rear window , eye close , flew flap , nose in the air and twitching with all the wonderful smell at seventy mile a hour . harry now look to you leave . daland do . cole have he head hang out the leave rear window , eye close , hair fly , nose in the air and blissful in the headlong rush of wind . daland look to Harry . Harry smile . harry talent be not real complicated . ext track ( day ) - ext . pocono raceway 72 Dr. Jerry punch stand quietly on the desert front stretch of pocono , address camera : punch - you might think I be on the landing strip of a major metropolitan airport , but what you be look at be the longest straightaway in nascar history , three thousand seven hundred and forty foot , where driver exceed speed of 180 mile a hour here at pocono International speedway , a unique two and a half mile tri-oval ( diagram superimpose on screen ) many driver consider one of the very toughest - dale earnhardt ( insert ) turn one and the tunnel turn be where I have have my two worst accident in my career - a fiery crash into boilerplate fencing . Nov 20 1989 . . 34 . rowdy burn ( insert ) - break collar bone and bruise my heart and everything else , it 's be a rough race track for I - another car and another fiery crash . television set in CITY chevrolet semi 73 be carry the coverage above . Cole , dress in he racing suit , pass it . Harry , daland and other crew surround the race car in pit lane below . no one be talk much . cole what 's wrong ? harry we be try to figure out what to do . : cole about what ? daland - ( exasperate ) - rowdy take the pole in 59:70 , we run 62:10 . we be two second off the pace ! we be look for some speed outta this thing - he point contemptuously at the car , glaring at Harry . daland ( he fear come through ) - we be in trouble .. Cole pop the top on he pepsi , sip at the froth . cole - car 's perfect , Harry . he give Harry a appreciative pat on the back , start off and stop abruptly : cole - geez I be hungry . think I get time for a hot dog ? everyone be too astonished to respond . finally : buck ( a crew member ) I 'il get you one , Cole . cole thanks . and Buck , just mustard , okay ? get ’em to hold the onion . Nov 20 1989 . 35 . full ' shot race - track 74 jarrett and parson keep up they run commentary which be intermittent and v.0 . : ned jarrett ~ we be just underway here at the ac spark plug 500 - into turn one again it be rowdy burn in the . waddell chilton / exxon chevrolet lumina - jarrett name the 1st 10 car . Cole be net one of they . parson speak of turn one as one of the most terrifying corner in racing . speed at 180 mile a hour the car four and five abreast have to enter the turn single file ~ we see this as parson tell we about it - there be room for one car at a time around the turn . Cole be the thirty - third car through the turn and can be see subsequently on the straightaway pass other car . he move up rapidly . harry - pit 75 in the pit and on the radio : harry watch the damn tire . we get a whole race to run , you know . with cole ~- track 76 he duck into turn two barely get in front of the fourth car he pass . as he do he leave tire hit the grass and the car swerve kick up dirt . jarrett let we know that this be not unusual in turn two , driver have to put they leave tire on the grass to get through it , it be so narrow and treacherous . as Cole exit parson point out that the car have to hit this narrow ten foot patch or they be liable to hit the wall . toward turn three Cole glimpse move out and around two more car . superimpose : turn 3 banking : 6 degree radius : 800 foot . ned jarrett v.o. - the third turn be critical in that if you do not get off it good you be not go down to the front straightaway very fast which be where you take the checker flag - ned and benny agree that if you have get the lead on this track near the end of a race you be gonna have to be beat in the straightaway - you can not pass on the turn without end up in the wall or on the infield . Nov 20 1989 . 36 . int car cole ( moving ) 77 roaring along smocthly in a pack of car only inch from each other . spotter ( on radio ) ~ crash in turn one ! crash in turn one ! it 's gonna be comin’ up in the bottom of the track Cole ! : . ~- track 78 suddenly Cole rip into a thick cloud of smoke and spark and car twist in front of he face . he jerk the wheel to the right , avoid the fiery pile - up - slide perilously close to the boilerplate wall through the turn . int . cole 79 harry ( on radio ) - nice drive , good job - but a loose wheel on fire have roll from the infield grass back onto the track - just where Cole come off the turn . the flame fan he fender . harry voice - you okay ? you okay ? cole - just dodge another bullet . high angle first turn - track / pit 80 Three car be out . paramedics have rush in . jarrett and parson remind we of the track 's danger . Jerry punch on pit road have a quick word with one of the driver - hard luck Aldo Benedetti , the gift engineer who 's build he own car which be now in shard around hin . the yellow flag be flying - pit 81 rowdy burn swing onto pit road . int . cole 82 harry 's voice - leader have just take the flag ! with cole cole ( into radio ) can I stay out ? harry 's voice ~- better play monkey - see - monkey do . Nov 20 1989 . . 37 . - pit 83 Cole come fly into pit road . the over - the-wall - gang leap into action . it 's a classic pit stop - ballsy ballet , a control frenzy of fly body , gas hose , jackhammer and tire ~ the car hit the road in less than 13 second . the time run superimpose on the screen . harry go! go ! go ! high angle ~ track b84 Cole pull back onto the track still under yellow . jarrett comment on the remarkable pit stop of trickle 's City chevrolet crew under Harry hogge - it 's allow the young rookie to get back on the track in under 13 second and pick up several more position on the field . the GREEN flag at the stripe and car roar across . jarrett let we know that Cole trickle be now 15th have move up twenty position from 36th after ninety - six lap , nearly the half - way mark of the race . ~ benny parson v.o. : ~ the rookie seem to be run a lot smoother today , ned - ned jarrett v.o. yes indeed , although he do not qualify that good at the moment Cole trickle appear to have one of the strongest car on the track . ~ pit 85 at the pit with Harry stop watch be punch . the computer be read . Cole cross the stripe . with cole ( moving ) - int . cole 86 harry 's voice 61:12 , leader be 61:32 , keep it consistent . through binoculars - daland 's truck 87 daland watch from the top of the truck . he see Cole pick up another spot . listen on he own phone : harry nos voice 60:70 , the leader 's 61:10 , you be pick up over half a second a lap now , back off or you be gonna burn up the damn tire , take it easy - Nov 20 1989 . 38 . cole 's voice - I be take it easy - ned jarrett - move into the number five spot behind Harry gant be Cole trickle in the 46 car - down the straightaway - track 88 Cole pass gant and waltrip . he 's now in third position . harry 's voice 61:10 - leader 's 61:40 Harry and the crew can not believe it - ned jarrett 's voice - and there go Cole trickle around earnhardt - Cole duck in front of Mr. goodwrench just before the turn - barely make it . he 's now in second position . rowdy burn . - " int . rowdy 89 spot green and yellow in he mirror . he smile . Cole move to pass he on the outside . rowdy cut he off . Cole appear to have the quick car . he nudge rowdy . rowdy can not believe it . he 's shocked at the bump . cole - int . cole 90 break out of rowdy 's draft and move to the outside . nose to nose , they roar into the deadly first turn . ned jarrett v.0o . - somebody 's go to have to give way here - - track 91 rowdy return the bump - send Cole skitter to the wall . benny parson - oh dear - the car be sideways . it scrape the wall . at the pit harry ~ pit 92 be scream inte the phone to back off . he can not be hear over the roar . cole - int . rowdy 93 come through the turn right on rowdy 's ass . rowdy be surprised - and indignant when Cole nudge he again . he momentarily look back at Cole . Nov 20 1989 , 39 . waddell 's voice rowdy there 's a bunny rabbit on the track ! - track of 4 rowdy look - sure enough there 's a rabbit paralyze with terror on the straightaway dead ahead . rowdy move to the right . Cole dive to the inside , both man barely miss the rabbit - but now Cole have position on the inside go through the turn . he hold it . burn try to stay with he but can not . his car go sideways and he nearly lose he rear end - when they come out of the turn : benny parson 's voice - now there 's a good example of what you be talk about ned , you just can not pass on the outside in turn three , the track be too flat , the tire will not stick - not even if you be rowdy burn . ned jarrett - we have a new leader here at the ac spark plug 500 after 176 lap , Cole trickle - if he can hold on for 24 more lap , he just could win he first Winston Cup race , how about that ? Harry and the pit crew be go nut . - pit 95 daland - dalandn truck 96 climb down from the truck and rush to the pit . back on the track - track 97 rowdy have inched up alongside Cole . he bump he . ned jarrett v.o. - well there they go tradin’ paint again , benny parson ~ benny parson - it 's door handle to door handle all right , but as we have point out ned this be not a real forgivin’ race track - I do not see how much longer they can keep this up without get into trouble - with harry - pitt 98 he see the two car glue together like siamese twin go into turn three - he 's ready to jump out of he skin . Nov 20 1989 . 40 . harry ( into radio ) . all right , godammit that 's enough ! either pass he and stay ahead or give to he - you can not play : with rowdy like this - he 's gonna give you a reali ass rip - Harry watch as the two car zoom past . cole 's voice - relax Harry , rowdy 's not gonna last three more lap - - track 99 the car approach turn one . the track narrow to one groove . rowdy and Cole race to it - Cole get there first but rowdy 's go too far , he can not duck in . he go high , spin and smack the wall . Cole come smoothly out of the turn . cole 's voice - oop - one lap - he plumbline down the straightaway as the caution flag come out . ned jarrett v.o. - the caution 's out with just under five lap to go , Cole trickle maintain the lead , and benny parson I believe he 's gonna win this race - harry voice . - pit road 's open , come on in and . get some tire - - pit / track 100 Cole zoom into the pit . other car follow . the over - the- wall - gang come up , jack up the car - and the lug nut stick . then the air gun jam - and Cole be hoist up in the air scream . the pit crew scramble around for another air gun . in the other pit the driver complete they stop and race back onto the track . Cole 's crew finally get the tire change . he charge back onto the track . he find himself behind earnhardt and waltrip . ned jarrett 's voice - well that 's a shame . what do you think the problem be benny ? Nov 20 1989 . 41 . benny parson 's voice . well it appear the lug nut stick - but when you come this far , you hate to have it cost you the race - particularly after you run as good as trickle have - Harry be try to reach Cole . - pit 101 harry Cole , Cole can you hear I ? can you hear I ? say something . cole 's voice - motherfuck -son-of-a-bitch - harry now Cole - with cole - int . cole 102 cole I come into the pit in first place , I be so far ahead huntin’ dog could not find I and I come out third with two lap to go . tim daland with harry - pit 103 listen and look positively stricken harry now you be not beat . not yet . cole 's voice well I have like to know what the hell I can do about it . daland want to know too . harry well first of all you do not want to get excited , Cole . you be in third place . that 's a pretty respectable position - ( Cole start swear again} - okay what you do be this . when they shut off over there for turn three , you just keep you foot on the gas and drive right by ’em - uhh - on the outside . with cole - int . cole 104 still under the caution behind the pace car . he 's shocked . cole Hell , I be not that stupid . Nov 20 1989 , with harry Harry look up 42 . harry you 'il be stupid if you do not . cole Harry - you tell I I could not pass on turn three . - pit 105 harry ( calmly ) well I be tell you different now . that car will take it on the outside . daland {apoplectic ) you ‘’re gonna get he kill ! - the pace car 's bar light be blink . harry ntry for calm ) now Cole , the pace car 's about xveady to duck on off , we do not have a whole lot of time to talk about this - cole well tell I how - harry - well it 's cos we get a real good set of match tire on she - cole what ? harry ( firmly ) - that 's why I want you to pit in the first place , we be savin 's ‘em for just such a occasion , that tire be match perfect and staggered special , you pit crew 's not dead in here , we be think of you . daland look at Harry interested himself . cole - all right Harry when it come to the car , I 'il take you word - harry - pace car 's off the track , if you go to the outside you can hold it - Nov 20 1989 . 43. the GREEN flag and the white flag - track 106 be wave simultaneously - earnhardt , waltrip and Cole cross the stripe and roar to full speed . ned jarrett - here we be under green in the final lap of the ac spark plug 500 and go into the first turn it 's earnhardt , waltrip and trickle - the car go through the narrow turn nose to tail . benny parson - it pretty much look like that 's the order of finish here ned with one lap to go - the car head toward the tunnel turn nose - to-tail and move down the straightaway go inte turn three with earnhardt lead , waltrip try to break the draft and move outside , with Cole just behind waltrip . they hit turn three . waltrip be slightly outside earnhardt and Cole be outside waltrip . int car earnhardt * 107 step on the clutch and gear down . int car waltrip 108 step on the clutch and gear down . int car cole 109 step on the gas and pray . the three car - track 110 tear into the turn . Cole on the outside have all four tire smoking as he lay rubber and fishtail wildly into the loose stuff . his car go completely sideways . through the roar of the crowd jarrett 's incredulous reaction to Cole 's move can be hear . int car cole 111 continue to slide and fishtail toward the wall . he keep he foot on the gas . harry - pit 112 turn away . off the turn - track 113 earnhardt and waltrip break into frame on the bottom of the track - but in fg a green and yellow blur fill the frame obliterate everything else . Nov 20 1989 , 44 . angle on the stripe the three car streak toward it - with the green nose of Cole 's car just inch ahead of the other two . Cole take the checker flag . benny parson ( flabbergasted ) - ned I should know better . just when I say somethin’ can not be do on a race track some rookie 's gonna come along and make a liar outta I - he come off that last corner like he be tie to a string , do not he ? cole at victory lane 114 be haul out of the car by he riotous crew . photographer and Dr. Jerry punch ( with espn mike ) surround he . Cole grab Harry , hugging he . cole ( affectionately ) - I owe it all to you , you son of a bitch . harry - oh hell - punch Cole trickle , do you have any idea you could go wide open on that last turn and make the car stick like that ? Cole be all smile . cole knew it all along . punch - how 's that ? cole special tire . he point to the tire . punch look down at they , puzzle . punch what 's special about ‘em ? harry ( reluctantly ) - nothin’ particular .. cole ( pull Harry aside ) - but you tell I - Nov 20 1989 . 45 . harry - well I lie , I have to tell you somethin’ to calm you down , you be act like such a candy ~ass after the air gun stick , figure you have never get back on a race track - cole ~ you son of a bitch ! he go after Harry , but daland and the crew hit the would - be warrior with champagne spray and they hostility - be drown in bubbly . both man laugh . photograph be take - a rapid series of freeze frame as Cole go through the victory ritual of doffing dozen of race sponsor hat . daland interrupt the freeze frame flow : daland try this on for size . Cole and Harry look at the hat . it say superflo . daland put it on Cole 's head , another on Harry 's head , one more on he own . : daland we get we a sponsor ! more champagne over the three of they . through the shower : harry - promise I somethin’ , boy . whatever else we do from here - we win daytona - before Cole can answer he be grab by the honey haire miss Winston and surround by other beauty queen to have he picture take . they hang all over hin . daland ( to Harry ) look at that . he 's actually shy . harry oh , he will get over it . ext highway ( day ) 115 the City chevrolet semi hum along the turnpike , with harlan hoogerhyde the gigantic gas-man on the pit crew man the wheel . he 's sing along with a raucous duet that come from a speaker in he cab . duet - I be puttin’ you in my rear view it sure have be a lot of fun , but now I be comin’ through - " + Dec 19 1989 7 46 . * int semi ( moving ) 116 y Harry with other crew member and a gorgeous pit lizard be : sprawle in the sit room behind the cab , pluck lightly on a banjo , drink beer , whiskey and a little moonshine and hold forth : harry ~ there be this coal mine I a believe be gonna make I rich , . it be sell to I so good all I > could see be a assfull of money , toe racing , charity , hell I proceed I , : to go up in the mountain and get : : in on this coal mine . so I be . sit there waitin’ on this guy , |. here come this truck with big : load of coal go up the mountain , up that road . dozen of ‘em . it shoulda dawn on I I guess , but it do not . now what the hell be they do haul coal up the mountain - the coal be suppose to come down the . mountain , do not you see ? crystal ° ) clear , can not miss it , but I do ... } Cole who be lie in a corner only half - listen have grow increasingly attentive . he chuckle . as Harry keep I talk , Cole laugh harder . harry ( go on ) ~ this mountain have be work out for fifty year but they have . show guy like I truckload of '' : coal they have supposedly load that @ay , sell ‘em thousand of dollar worth of useless mining stock , 1 move off and they be never hear be from again . they call that a dog and pony show , I have to learn that ' the hard way - ' . Cole be laugh even harder . ! ' Harry break off . as far as he 's concerned Cole have become a overappreciative audience . Harry go over to Cole . : harry : ~ well it may be funny but it 's | not that funny when it happen to you - Cole continue laugh . cole , - it happen to I ... Harry 's dumbfounded . he sit . * " Dec 19 1989 '' 46a . . harry ~- what happen to you ? you ' we : buy worthless mining stock ? cole ( drink a beer ) ~ I tell you I lose my ride ? that 's how I lose it . the team owner be a con man.. junk bond , worthless company , but mainly he sell steal yacht . when I would win enough race he even use my name to promote he sale . one day it catch up with he , he go to jail and I lose my ride - it be pretty humiliate actually . Harry 's affect by the story . he put a hand on Cole 's shoulder . harry Hell , Cole there 's no need to be embarrassed by some low life piece of trash who would put you in that lo kind of position . wy cole I well Harry , that depend . be harry on what ? cole on whether or not you be related to that low life piece of trash - it be my father . Cole laugh again . : : harry lo when do this happen ? | cole five , six year ago . harry " ~ you lose you ride five or six year ago ? cole } - yeah . have not really be able ] to stick with anything since , Harry they do not trust I , I do not trust they , you know how it go ~ Dec 19 1989 47 . Harry nod , full of feel . Cole can see Harry want to say something comforting . cole for instance you lie to I today . it be dumb luck I do not end up crash or dead . I oughta '' punch you out . harry ~ give it a try . cole no ~ I do not want to get the shit kick out of I by a sixty year old man - that do it . Harry go for Cole . ' lhe two begin tussling . Buck , a crew member , meanwhile be arm wrestle with a gorgeous pit lizard , darlene , six foot , form with great tit , great ass 'and anabolic steroid and get the better of Buck . Cole and Harry knock themselves to the floor - they be like a pair of cub , play rough and where the play be go to end and the rough take over neither one know . '' harry ( out of breath ) Cole , we be settin’ in the money spot , I would not a wreck you for nothin’ in the world ... buck he would not a wreck that car for nothin’ in the world - harry ( pin Cole ) it 's a never never land out there , do not get I wrong and driver just do not go to the outside like that - but I know you could do it . I believe it in my heart . hhold a empty mason jar ) ~ peach or cherry - ee Dec 19 1989 48 . cole - cherry . ' Cole flop back , through half - close eye see the girl , darlene , watch he while Buck talk . buck ( quietly ) - there 's calculatin’ driver and kamikaze driver . Cole there 's a kamikaze like my pappy . Cole smile a little . cole oh yeah ? who be that ? . buck '' opt . buddy bretherton . cole ' buddy bretherton be you dad ? he drive for Harry . buck - 17 year . cole ~- die at daytona do not he ? buck - just last year , '' Cole sit up . Harry 's come back with the moonshine but wait in the doorway . Cole do not see he . cole how would it happen ? mind my ask ? . moo buck ' ( reluctantly ) - hit the wall ... cole ~ which turn ? harry ( anxious to end the conversation ) ~- he be probably dead before he hit it . coroner 's report show ! massive heart attack - probably of why he hit it in the first place - Nov 20 1989 . 49 . Harry come back in . cole Buck say we be alike - harry oremember fondly despite himself ) - yeah , he have push a car to the edge know it could break loose any minute and go ass over bandbox and then he have take it just a little bit more - he hand Cole the cherry moonshine . darlene - you ever think about crashin’ , Cole ? Harry watch Cole for he answer . Cole laugh . cole - no. % { the truth of this hit he ) - no , I do not . darlene well I do . buck ( surprised ) when do you think about it ? darlene right now , Buck . she 's get very little on a amazing bottom and the scantest teshirt on top . darlene I be bored - ( look at Cole ) - anybody want to come and get wreck , I 'il be just around the corner —- she walk down the step into the other room . Buck look to Cole . buck she can suck start a harley at 30 below zero . cole go ahead , Buck . JI be enough of a kamikaze for one day . Nov 20 1989 . 50 . ext highway ( day ) 117 the siren of two highway patrol car be scream as they pull up alongside the semi , signal harlan to pull over . int semi 118 as the door rudely open and darlene and Buck , hopelessly entwine nearly fall into the road . they try to scramble for some kind of cover . highway patrol officer all right , everybody freeze . you be under arrest . Harry with Cole stagger into the doorway . harry what the hell for ? highway patrol officer it 's right there in you hand . transportation of illegal alcohol across state line for the purpose of distribution - harry I do not know what this look like to you officer , but this be not distribution , this - ( display the empty mason jar ) ~- be consumption ... he stagger . highway patrol officer that do not exactly make it legal . up against the wall . cole what for ? highway patrol officer up_ against the wall . officer - other uniform hp officer , two man and one woman move briskly through the truck and begin the pat down Harry , Cole and the other . female officer opatte down Cole ) - well , look like we have find something - highway patrol officer what 's that ? ere see ee Nov 20 1989 . . 51 . female officer - conceal weapon - cole ( turn around , indignant ) - what ! the female officer promptly turn Cole back to the wall . cole where ? just show I where . female officer right here - with that she unzip Cole 's fly and use what she find as a handle to turn he around . female officer ( face a shocked Cole ) - now the only question be , will he actually use it ? she toss off she hat . Long blonde hair tumble out . she plant a big kiss on Cole , and everyone 's laugh . they be all in on the joke . female officer : - please do not be mad , Harry and the boy think you might like I .. cole - well , miss , as you know they be all a bunch of dumb , crude , drunken lout , especially Harry - but - they could be right - and with that he kiss she back , to applause and relief . int daland bedroom ( night ) 119 lauren sit up in the dark . lauren Tim ? Tim honey - somebody 's messin’ around in the yard . daland reach under the bed for a shotgun and a flashlight and stagger to the window . he give a little grunt of surprise and set the shotgun against the wall . ext daland house ( night ) 120 the floodlight go on revealing Cole , dead drunk . his Winston Cup trophy be precariously balanced on the edge of the water well into which he 's drop the cherries , one by one , the dregs from he otherwise empty mason jar . he spot Tim in a bathrobe come towards he . Nov 20 1989 . 52. daland - get lose on the way home , do you ? cole - not really ... think I would pay you a visit - daland ( grab Cole before he fall ) - well that 's real neighborly - int live room daland 121 set up the sofa with sheet while Cole sway unsteadily , check out some family photo on a piano , include some of Tim at he dealership . cole -- Tim do you always want to sell car ? daland Hell , yes , doed not everybody ? you be all set ... Cole stagger to the sofa , stare at he trophy on the coffee table . daland touch the trophy . daland Truth be what I really want be to be a race car driver . cole ( pleased to hear it ) you drive ? daland oh yeah . cole be you good ? daland yeah . cole well what keep you from it ? daland - guy like you . some driver , they be happy just doin 's what they love , that kinda deal . I be not that way . I gotta be the best - good night , buddy . daland give Cole a pat and head out . Nov 20 1989 . 53. cole you ever crash ? daland - iddy bitty one be all . cole ( sit up ) then how do you really know you be not good enough ? daland ( come back , sit on the coffee table ) I guess I know my limit without have to test ’em ... can not drive a race car as good as I have like , but hell bell it 's a thrill to watch you drive , Cole . on top of that your gonna make we all rich . cole . - Harry tell I I have stick in the ° third turn cos I have special tire . daland ( amused ) I hear he - only thing special out there today be you . cole be that right ? so .. whatta you think , Tim ? be I good or be I lucky ? daland ~ when you be real good you be real lucky . he get up again . cole how good and how lucky ? daland ( step again ) well you just keep doin 's it and we will find out . cole - for how long ? how long before you find out if you be really good or really lucky ? Nov 20 1989 . 54 . daland ( exasperate , laugh ) Cole that 's like my five year old when she ask , ' daddy how long before it 's morning ? 's cole what do you tell she ? daland go to sleep !.. daland walk out of the live room . cole hey Tim - daland poke he head back in the doorway , annoyed despite himself : daland - what ? cole how long before it 's morning ? Cole chuckle wickedly and plunk he head down on the pillow . he 's asleep almost instantly . daland remain in the doorway , still smile hold by the afterglow of Cole 's playfulness , amused but bemuse as well by the troubling question . fade aldo benedetti ext . track B 122 goody 's headache powder 's hard luck hard charge , stand by he race car . his expression be grave . he address camera : aldo I keep hope for a race that do not give I a headache , but as leng as this guy be runnin 's = first rowdy in he racing suit walk by : rowdy ~ good luck today , Aldo - aldo thanks rowdy - Cole trickle in he racing tog saunter by : cole - good luck out there , Aldo - Nov 20 1989 . 55 . aldo thanks Cole - ( to camera ) ~ - the headache keep comin’ . int aldo 's race car 123 Aldo screech into a pit stop . the gatorade cup fly in . Aldo desperately tear open a couple of goody 's headache package off he dashboard - where dozen more be tape . he downs the goody 's and zoom out of the pit . impish voice over '' goody 's " for that headache that just will not quit - this last over two quick cut - one of rowdy , the other of Cole tear down the track and pass Aldo whose car be stop once again - as he 's get a traffic ticket . back to : ext race track ( daytona ) day i : 124 bob jenkins v.o. - you be look at the number 46 car of Cole trickle who 's lead here at the firecracker 400 in daytona , Florida - that superflo chevy lumina run out front be a increasingly familiar sight , be not it ned jarrett ? ned jarrett v.o. - yes indeed , Bob Jenkins , since he pocono victory , trickle have go on to win at Michigan , at watkin Glen , and how he 's one car away from lap the entire field 146 lap into the race - benny parson v.o. lately he 's be a headache for Aldo Benedetti and about 39 other driver - during jarrett 's v.0. coverage include insert espn bite in all four corner of the screen - Cole win pocono , Cole win Michigan , Cole win watkin Glen and in the fourth corner Cole in victory lane be interview , radiating confidence and poise ~ " we superflo / chevy lumina do everything we ask out there " - since the night on daland 's sofa Cole have become a rise star , on the way to be larger than life . Nov 20 1989 . 56 . ~ track 125 benny parson v.o. - right now he 's give rowdy burn more than a headache - ned jarrett v.o . he 's liable to get more than a headache from rowdy if they keep this up - this exchange because Cole have come up behind burn who go high and low to keep Cole from pass . Cole 's response be a nudge on rowdy 's bumper . as they slam and bam back and forth and bother the car around they : ned jarrett v.o. - this sort of rivalry , while they may be fun for the fan , be always dangerous - not only to themselves but to the other driver - insert of Cole and rowdy in the corner of the screen - rowdy respond to nascar warning that he and Cole have cause other driver to crash and Cole deny that he 's racing anyone in particular - ' you worry about one guy , you turn you back on the rest of ‘em , and you can not afford to do that - 's . benny parson v.o. well he say it but do he mean it ? on the track cole - track 126 nudge rowdy 's bumper again , and loosen it . int rowdy 's car 127 at 170 mile a hour he can hear the bumper rattling . he swear . int cole 's car 128 harry 's voice ( on radio} - stop messin’ with he , he 's not gonna give to you - cole - c’mon , just one more tap - and he do it . rowdy 's bumper really rattles . rowdy - int . rowdy 129 be practically foam with fury . Nov 20 1989 . s7 . waddell ( on radio ) - that bumper get any looser , rowdy and they be gonna black flag you - let he go by - ~ track 130 rowdy signal to Cole to let he pass . Cole move to the outside on the turn and rowdy really slam he . Cole lose he rear end . Cole spin , smoking , and look like he 's go right into the wall - but do a perfect 360 and barely scrape it - he keep on go and pass rowdy . the crowd go wild . rowdy be furious . int car - int . cole 131 cole I do not know what you be so worried about , Harry - at the pit harry . 132 with daland look like he 's nearly have a coronary . but both man look up to see Cole pass by and wave , obviously in complete control . they look at one another and shake they head . benny parson v.0 . - well ned jarrett , that boy know something about race car I sure do not - a fan - grandstand 133 twist the cap off a beer bottle and toss it . it roll through the fencing and onto the track at turn four . - track 134 Cole 's car come into the turn at over 180 mile a hour - hit the bottle cap . his right front tire be puncture . in a flash Cole carom off one car , get sideways , and then backwards which send he airborne at least fifteen to twenty foot over the track . he come crash down into and along the wall end over end at first and then endless barrel roll , a whirling dervish of smoke and flame with explode piece of machinery spew out . it look as if nothing will be leave of the car when the smoke clear . and when it do , it reaveal little more than the roll cage . close cole - int . cole 135 he stir , swear and start to answer Harry 's frantic radio call . then he look up . . Nov 20 1989 . 58 . he Pov - track 136 come down the track toward he at 180 mile a hour , the car be three a breast . there 's no way they can all avoid he . one car - track 137 t-bone he brutally - send he down the track , smoking and crumpled into the infield . int . rowdy 138 other car meanwhile have pile up and wreck - rowdy avoid Cole but hit the car Cole carome off - lose he bumper , cause car behind he to lose control , rear end he and send he into the wall where he now hang upside down over a guard rail . his helmet be off he head and he 's badly bruise . waddell 's voice ( on radio ) - pit and get four tire ! pit and get four tire ! % rowdy ( into radio ) waddell , I be hang upside down and they be gonna have to cut I out of this race car . now what in the fuck be you talk about ? - track 139 Harry and daland rush toward the infield where Cole 's car be a smoking ruin . harry ( into radio as they be go ) Cole , can you hear I ? do you copy ? can you say something ? cole voice ( on radio ) - let I catch my breath , okay ?.. I feel like I be in one piece , but I be really not sure - harry ( stop , with daland ) what do you mean you be not sure ? - cole 's voice well , I can not see anything - ( a funny laugh ) - I be blind ... I feel okay , Harry but I be blind - Harry and daland take off on a dead run . Jan 23 1990 , " 59 . in espn truck the camera crew be go crazy with they video bank , from a replay of the crash , to isolate shot of rowdy 's crash , to isolate shot of Cole 's crash , to crew reaction like Harry 's and daland 's , to the inboard Pov shot look over Cole 's shoulder as the car dip , hit another car , spin , get airborne - and then on crash into the wall , lose picture . omit ( 141 ) int emergency room ( moving ) Cole , wheeled along in a gurney , be swoop down on by nurse and doctor that make he seem like the object of a feed frenzy . cole - could you wait , could you wait , could you tell I what 's go on , I can not see - they be use scissors to cut away he uniform work up from the ankle and the wrist , put lead on he chest , get a cardiac monitor go , clamp on he finger for a pulse oximeter , oxygen mask , etc . Cole start to struggle against the attention he can not see . rowdy a serious bruise on he forehead , be the object of similar attention . he watch himself be hook up to monitoring system : rowdy ~ I '' not a car battery , I do not need rechargin 's - young doctor - this be standard procedure - rowdy - go fuck yourself - dr . claire lewicki , a young woman in surgical . green , bend over rowdy . dr . lewicki - what be that , Mr. burn ? she check out the bruise on he forehead . rowdy check she out . 140 142 Nov 20 1989 . 60 . rowdy I would not tell you to do that , Doc . dr . lewicki we all see - with cole thrasing around now , panicked . his leg be tape to the table , sandbag on either side of he head . cole ~ ifm blind , godammit somebody 's gotta tell I what 's go on ! he manage to tear himself half off the table . Dr. lewicki into shot . she put she arm around he shoulder . dr . lewicki okay , okay , what 's you name ? cole ~o Cole trickle .. dr . lewicki Cole , would you help we out and lie down please ? int cat -scan cole 143 in lead -line room , Dr. lewicki speak to he from the outside as he 's be readied for the mri scan . dr . lewicki you have have a concussion , you brain be bruise and like any bruise it 's go to swell . that swell be almost certainly what 's affect you vision . cole you mean this 's 1ll go away ? dr . lewicki - - if that 's the problem , now we be go to run some test . cole - what kind of test ? dr . lewicki - I just need to confirm what 's go on , I never pass up the opportunity to see if a good look man have a brain in he head - she continue preparatien the run the mri . Nov 20 1989 . 61 . cole you be a brain doctor ? dr . lewicki - yes - cole a good one ? dr . lewicki {she smile ) - so-so . Cole be obviously frighten . cole look , when I be drive I get a guy who talk to I on the radio - I can not see he but he talk to I - Cole have make a dent in she professional demeanor and Claire be touch . dr . lewicki T / will talk to you - the machine whirr and a section of Cole 's brain be project on the screen . close cole his eye open . cole Pov room grainy movement of gray and black , like a negative be form . he can see shape in the room . then the color bleed in . int neuro intensive care ( day ) 144 Cole be look at Harry , who be crumpled up in a chair , doze , he spit cup in hand . cole Harry you okay ? harry ( with a start ) yeah , why ? now he eye open . he watch Cole hopefully . cole you look all bent outta shape . oh hell , it 's probably my eye - Nov 20 1989 . 62. harry - no , it 's I . I be here all night - I 'il get the doctor . he scurries out . int waiting room 145 haggard crew member watch a rerun of Cole 's crash . Harry inte shot background come to a halt by the main desk across the hall . harry where 's Dr. lewicki ? we can cverhear the nurse say that Dr. lewicki 's get ready to go off duty . int neuro intensive care cole 146 smile when he see the crew come in . buck damn nice to see you , Cole - cole damn nice to see you , Buck - a moment later Harry enter with Dr. lewicki . she 's out of surgical green and in a white smock over street clothes . her appearance be dramatic . she 's young , she 's tall , and she 's strike . harry - you have meet Dr. lewicki , Cole - Cole stare back without say a word . harry - you doctor , Dr. lewicki - dr . lewicki ( to Harry , pleasantly ) - I do not think he 's actually see I - cole ( to Harry ) oh , sure , Harry , Dr. lewicki - hi , doctor , how be you ? Claire lewicki smile - walk across the room to greet Cole . harry ( suddenly ) - no Cole , this really be Dr. lewicki - '' Nov 20 1989 . : 63. cole - absolutely ~ dr . lewicki - I be just about to go off duty - cole - and you want to look I over before you go - dr . lewicki well that 's not a bad idea . you feel you vision 's restore ? harry ( vainly ) - Cole - cole - oh I think so - dr . lewicki '' - nothing 's blurred , you be not see double ? no halos around object ? no flash light ? she pull out a opthalmoscope . cole what be you go to do with that ? dr . lewicki ~ look into you eye - 5 cole now doctor , be not this what you be really look for ? Cole take lewicki 's hand and put it under the cover , right ever he crotch . Harry about faint . lewicki 's spin stiffen slightly . she keep she hand on Cole 's crotch , however . it 's almost as though she be listen to it with a stethoscope : dr . lewicki well it seem interesting enough Mr. trickle , but it 's just not my specialty - she withdraw she hand and walk out of the room just as daland enter . a moment of stunne silence . cole - she 's the real thing ? Nov 20 1989 . : 64 . harry . I would not play no joke on you in a situation like this - ( Harry giggle ) . sorry , Cole , I be try not to smile - : int hospital corridor ( moving ) 147 rowdy burn in civilian clothes and a wheelchair be push briskly along by a no - nonsense nurse , preferably with a voice like Eugene palette 's . rowdy ( furiously ) - I can walk , godammit ! nurse not as long as you be in this hospital you can not - they be nearly blindside by Cole - also in civilian clothes and also piss about be in a wheelchair . his latino orderly have nearly bang he into rowdy . the two driver glare at one another , then continue down the corridor wheelchair to wheelchair in a unintentional reprise of they car race . cole ( whisper to he orderly ) - I do not wanna be next to this clown , couid you pick up the pace a little ?.. orderly {in heavily accented Spanish ) if you want 's drug you gotta see the nurse , buddy - Cole swear . he grab onto the wheel and whip they forward . rowdy take only a moment to react . he too pick up the pace stay even with Cole . the orderly and the gravelly nurse hasten to stay up with the escalate pace . the two nearly run into Dr. lewicki . she 's wait outside a main floor conference room with Harry nearby . dr . lewicki good morning , gentleman . right this way - int conference room 148 several nascar official listen intently . Dr. lewicki be run tape of the computer generate cat - scan . like two recalcitrant child Cole and rowdy sit in they wheelchair watch , along with Harry , daland and waddell ( rowdy 's crew chief ) . Nov 20 1989 . 65 . dr . lewicki - neither Mr. burn nor in this case Mr. trickle present any significant intracranial injury - len dortort , a impose official : dortort hold it , doc let 's have that one in English . do they mess up they squash or not ? dr . lewicki they brain be intact , ( a glance at Cole ) as much as they be before the accident anyway . dortort you be willing to give they clearance to get back on a race track . dr . lewicki - well , I , that 's obviously a dangerous way to spend you time - dortort - that 's a philosophical objection , doc. I be lookin’ for a medical one . in you professional epinion be there any reason this two man should not be allow to return to racing ? now rowdy and Cole be hang on Dr. lewicki 's tiniest gesture and she see it . dr . lewicki ( uncomfortable ) - all the follow up scan have be negative , but no one of course can give you guarantee - dortort - young lady , we know you be a accomplish physician - do you happen to see this boy crash ? dr . lewicki ifve never see a race . I be , however , familiar with car crash . dortort at 180 mile a hour ? we can show it to you . banjo - Nov 20 1989 . 66 . one of the nascar official pull out a tape of he own . he start to put it in the vcr : rowdy - I be not lookin’ at that sumbitch . dr . lewicki it be not necessary . I be not inclined to give they clearance at this time . both rowdy and Cole start to protest . dortort gentlemen , please - what would you suggest then ? dr . lewicki a re-evaluation in another week or two . again they start to protest . '' dortort thank you , doc - now we have a little something to say to the boy here . I do not think you necessarily need to hear it ~- she leave . rowdy and Cole look hatefully at one another . dortort okay , it 's Big John 's turn . big JOHN english rise out of he chair and suddenly fill the room . it 's as though he sproute out of the floor . he tower over the two driver in they wheelchair . big JOHN - if you wanna turn yourselves into a greasy spot on a country road somewhere , go right ahead , I do not give a shit and I do not think anybody else do no matter what they say to you face - but you two monkey be not gonna do it on my racetrack !.. now y’all hear about japanese inspection ? japanese inspection . nobody here know about japanese inspection ? well I ’1l1 tell you about it . when the jap get a load of lettuce they be not so sure they want in the country , why they just let it set on the dock until they be good and ready to look at it . ( more ) ~ — — — — — Nov 20 1989 . 67 . big JOHN ( cont have ) by that time it 's all go rotten and there be not nothin’ leave to inspect . in other word - lettuce be a perishable item , like you two monkey . you trade paint one more time , you so much as touch , I will black flag the two of you and take apart you race car for the next three hundred lap . then , if you pass inspection and put you car back together , maybe I x11 let you finish the race - now to show we there 's no hard feelin 's , we be all go out to dinner together - cole I get other plan . rowdy yeah , so do I . big JOHN * you ’1ll have to change they . not only that , you two will drive to dinner together . he drop car key on the table between they . int hospital room 149 a large closet off the corridor - coffee bar , coke machine , formica and cremora . Dr. lewicki be have coffee and chat with a good look male colleague . harry Dr. lewicki , I want to apologize for what happen with Cole when you come into the hospital room . lewicki and the male doctor exchange glance . he discreetly drift on out . dr . lewickti {graciously ) Mr. hogge , please , it 's nothing to worry about and in any case it be hardly you do . harry {a cough ) - that 's just it . I believe it be . Dr. lewicki look puzzle . Harry get very red in the face . then : Nov 20 1989 . 68. harry - not too long ago after he win pecono we play a trick on Cole , dress up a pretty girl ina highway patrol uniform ... anyway we tell she to get real ornery with he and - she do . dr . lewicki by ornery you mean ... harry ( deeply embarrassed ) - real ornery . dr . lewicki why would you want I to know about this ? harry I do not want you to hold a bad opinion of Cole .. I believe it scare he - ( a long pause ) - you be he doctor . ' and Claire lewicki see Harry do not want he race car driver scared . ext hospital parking lot ( day ) rear angle GREEN chevrolet 150 with its Florida license plate surround by a budget rent -a -~ car frame . Cole into shot . he try one of the car door . it 's lock . he lean up against the car , wait , eye nearly close . for the first time there 's a sense of exhaustion and aftershock from the crash . some image nevertheless make a impression . he take off . dr . lewicki be walk down a hospital ramp toward the parking lot , briefcase and car key in hand . as she turn into the lot she see Cole sprinting toward she . she stop . cole Doctor ! dr . lewicki - I hear you think I be a highway patrol officer . it 's clearly a surprise to Cole that she know about it . it 's mix relief . cole - I also want to thank you for take care of I . Nov 20 1989 . , 69 . dr . lewicki ( pleasantly ) that 's my job . cole yeah , well it 's my life . Cole look like he 'il stand there all day . he either do not want to move away from she or do not know how to . finally : dr . lewicki ( gently teasing ) well this time , let 's shake hand .. she extend hers . Cole nearly jump . cole of course , dr . lewicki good luck , Cole . she turn away . cole Dr. lewicki ! she turn back . cole could I see you ? dr . lewicki oh you will , I promise . cole no I mean would you have dinner with I ? catch a movie or - dr . lewicki oh , that 's very sweet , really - but it 's not go to get you back on the track any faster . cole no , it 's not that - she wave brightly , smile crisply and turn away . her back be not to be argue with and Cole see it . then something else catch he eye . rowdy be walk toward the green chevrolet . cole now turn and walk toward the green chevrolet . Nov 20 1989 . 70 . full shot it 's a little like a gunfighter 's shootout . each step bring they closer to one another - until only the car 's roof separate they . rowdy have reach the driver 's side , Cole the passenger side . rowdy now here 's how I see this deal . you ain not gonna want I to drive to dinner and I be not gonna want you to driver to dinner so there 's only one way to settle this .. he look down at the car 's key chain and smile again . he finger the tag . it too say budget rent-a-car . now Cole smile . ext budget rent-a-car office ( day ) idl the green chevrolet be park out front - next to a almost identical blue one . Cole and rowdy exit the car office each carry a set of key . a pleasant matronish woman follow . woman have a nice day , and ya will drive careful now , hear ? cole oh yes mam . we sure will . Cole get into the blue chevrolet . rowdy get into the green chevrolet . Cole lean out the window . cole charthouse Restaurant . rowdy it 's call the charthouse . cole that the finish ? rowdy first one to hit valet parking take the checker flag - how about the start ? Cole look down the road about a hundred and fifty yard . cole the stop sign . rowdy what else ? Cole turn over he engine . rowdy turn over he . Jan 18 1990 . . 72 . as Cole and rowdy walk in . rowdy too close to call ? cole ~ yeah - aot omar omer tard ink Jan 18 1990 . 71 . on the road ( moving ) - ext . STREET a 152 they travel side by side , scuffing they tire as though they be on the track . the stop sign loom closer . they hit it and roar through the four way intersection - sendin * cross traffic skitter all over the road and into ditch . the race be on . ext country road and causeway ( night ) 153 % a picturesque bridge cross a expanse of peaceful moonlit * water . from out of the darkness come the roar of two * engine . : * the stream of headlight on the bridge begin to break up - * horn honk , a fender crumple - the headlight on the bridge * be point in every direction , * '' int . charthouse restaurant ( night ) 154 * Big John drum he finger on the table and glare at a very * uncomfortable Tim daland . Big John check he watch . * big JOHN * let I tell you somethin’ , Tim . * if you can not control you race * driver any bettern this , you might * consider stickin’ to something you * can control , like use car in * downtown Charlotte . * ext . charthouse ( night ) 155 % the two renta-car have arrive . batter and bleed * hulk , spew oil and water they be side by side in the * valet - manned parking lot along with row of shiny BMW 's , * mercede , porsch . * int . entrance 156 * Nov 20 1989 , 73. she turn and spot lewicki with the same good look doctor she have be with earlier . secty Dr. lewicki would you please call this gentleman back before I run out of thumbtack ? good looking doctor ( eyeing message ) same gentleman ? lewicki be politely dismissive . dr . lewicki it 's a patient . the phone ring again . the secretary turn to answer it . with cole at harry 's - int . harry 's garage 160 he 's on the phone . cole Tim , do you know anybody at daytona Memorial ? with tim daland - int . tim 's office 161 in he office at City chevrolet . daland Chief of staff - why ? cole's voice he a race fan ? daland be Florida in the South ? with cole - int . harry 's garage 162 harry {into shot ) - Tim want you to meet Russ wheeler , he 's gonna be drivin 's for we till you get you medical clearance ~ wheeler be a year or two young than Cole , smooth , ingratiate - a Southern yuppie . russ - real privilege to race you car , Mr. trickle - Nov 20 1989 , 74 . cole 's voice - thanks for help out - ( into phone ) - Tim , I need the home address of a doctor - russ ~ just sorry I will not be able to drive it near as good as you - this last remark ruffle Cole 's concentration momentarily . ext marina ( evening ) claire lewicki 163 return from work walk up the stair to she apartment overlook the bay . she open the door and gape . int harry garage 164 Harry and crew be work on the car , background , Cole be on the phone , laugh : cole ' - I be desperate to get you attention - int lewicki 's apartment 165 with Claire on the phone , in a room absolutely fill with lush flower and brightly color balloon , a couple of which be attach to a large toy kangaroo dress in a white smock wear a stethoscope . claire ( laugh herself ) - well you get it . I have walk into a jungle !.. no it 's nicely extravagant , but really I can not I be a doctor - cole - and I be a patient . you have to re-examine rowdy and I to clear we . come up here and do it . take you to a race - claire ~ come on ! I do not want to watch you fella go round and round in that noisy thing chase each other like a pack of dog on my day off - cole - well how about chase I on you day off ? Nov 20 1989 . 75 . claire - I do not have a day off . I ’ma resident . I be on call 24 hour . cole okay , doctor , let 's suppose you have a couple of day with nothing else to do , could I interest you in the North Carolina countryside ? there 's a long pause . claire - speak theoretically ? cole - speak theoretically - claire ( realize it for herself ) ~ I suppose you could .. int daland 's office sy 166 daland pick up the phone . cole 's voice Tim , how have you like I clear for the Charlotte Race ? ext piedmont airline 737 ( day ) . 167 landing at Charlotte . int car cole and claire ( moving ) - ext . charlotte STREET 168 through Charlotte . claire ~ we have barely get off the phone and he ring - cole what have he say ? claire ' - doctor , you be go to complete you follow up work in the field . fly to Charlotte and check that boy out .' ( she laugh ) - he 's my boss , I be stick . Cole smile . Claire eye hin . claire Boy , you be quick . Nov 20 1989 . 76 . cole you oughta see I drive . ext field infirmary ( day ) 169 at the Charlotte motor speedway . Claire emerge from the entrance . she 's put on a white smock and be chat with the field doctor . Cole jog back from a couple of driver . cole rowdy 's not here - field doctor ( check he watch ) - I tell he to meet we at the infield by five . claire . well , we should probably go ahead with Cole ~ { Cole look startle ) N ~ you do want you medical clearance ? int examining room ( day ) 170 Claire place a smock on the table . claire put this on . cole ~- right . she leave . he pick up the smock and it seem to fall apart - it 's one of that tissue thin paper job with the embarrassing split down the back . close MERCURY column on blood pressure gauge . the column be pump higher and higher . cole be sit bare legge on the table in he smock . claire - if this be you normal blood pressure , you have have drop dead twenty year ago , relax will you ? she stand between he leg while he remain seat on the table . she hold she hand out to either side . Nov 20 1989 . 77 . claire - now look at my nose and tell I which finger 's move ~ cole - little finger , index finger , both finger - her face be maddeningly close . Cole be have a hard time . he start to drift closer to she . Claire extend two finger on - she right hand : claire squeeze . Cole squeeze . she extend two finger on she leave hand . claire squeeze . he squeeze . claire use the reflex hammer on Cole 's knee , arm , ankle . he watch she tap by tap , reflex by reflex , as she methodically go over he body . he 's beginning to perspire . Claire 's manner , if anything , seem more detach , more clinical . it begin to annoy Cole . series of shot Cole stand before Claire and touch he nose with he leave hand . she touch she nose with she right hand . he touch he nose with he right hand . the exam become - a kabuki dance , semaphore signal , courtship dance , child play Simon say . claire ( & claire 's voice ) hand out - clpse you eye - palm up - open you eye - follow my finger - stand with you foot together and close you eye , walk with one foot in front of the other - back on the table - cole back on the table ? claire yes , back on the table - Cole 's anger be grow . he get back on the table . cole this be tough - claire examination always be - Nov 20 1989 . 78 . cole why be that ? claire I be look you over and I might not like what I see , that have to worry you - she turn off the light in the room , switch on the opthalmoscope . the white pinpoint flit around the room . claire pick a spot on the wall and look at it . Cole do . Claire move to he in the darken room until they be literally eye to eye . she look through the opthalmoscope . claire ( a little testy ) please do not move ! cole I do not move . claire - you eye - just focus on one spot . she look again . cole what do you see ? claire ~- the retina - ecu retina and its lush network of artery and vein . cole's voice what 's it look like ? claire ~- pink , pulsate , very pretty actually - two shot claire and cole they face move inch apart . cole see enough ? claire just about . Nov 20 1989 . 79 . she take a part of the opthalmoscope and run it across the bottem of Cole 's foot . Cole jump . cole what have you do that for ? claire ~ think you might like it , it 's - Cole grab Claire and kiss she . she do not move and do not respond . Cole release she . claire ( go on ) - the babinsky sign - she run the opthalmoscope over the bottom of he foot again . his toe automatically point down . claire - if the toe go up , you be in trouble - you be fine . put on you clothes - she turn on the wall switch and go out the door . Cole sag , shake he head . he do not look fine . ext hallway 171 Claire lean against the wall , wait . it 's grow darker and quieter . Cole emerge . they walk side by side down the hall , Cole ashen : cole ~ look I be sorry , it drive I nut in there . how could you ignore I like that ? they round the corner . she turn to Cole and pin he against the wall . she kiss he every bit as forcefully as he would kiss she . Cole be shocked . the two of they slide down the wall to the floor . claire - I be not ignore you .. I give you a very thorough physical - after a moment the two kiss again - very slowly . claire 's leg - int . HOTEL room 172 long and shapely lie on top of the cover . a neat row of ' sweet & low 's pack line she leg above and below the knee . cole 's voice ~ they do scientific study on this - : Nov 20 1989 , 80 . claire ( laugh ) on what ? int HOTEL room ( morning ) 173 Claire herself lie under the cover sip coffee , room service tray and morning papers nearby . Cole in a towel sit cross -legge on the bed hover over Claire 's expose leg . cole drafting - he move the ' sweet & low 's pack as car up she leg : cole - when one car tuck in behind another two car go faster than one can by itself . what they do be divide the air resistance . between they , now here be where it get complicated ... ( he move a ' sweet & low 's pack higher on she thigh ) - the lead car have to floor it to hit 200 mile a hour , but the car tuck in behind - ( take the second pack place it right behind the first ) ~ do not . it can go just as fast and still have power in reserve so when this two car come off the last turn - ( move pack still higher on she thigh ) - the car in back can move out of the draft and beat the lead car to the finish line ... the ' sweet & low 's pack be bring up short by the sheet which cover that point where Claire 's thigh meet she groin . she thoughtfully regards the racing manoeuver on she leg . claire »..very interesting ... she suddenly bend she leg at the knee . the ' sweet & low 's pack go fly . the gesture and she breathtaking leg have the impact of a multi-car crash on Cole . stare at she leg : cole - I be never gonna live long enough - ( he jump on Claire , kissing she ) - to do this enough - Nov 20 1989 . . 81 . claire ~ be there anything else you ever want to do besides race ? this momentarily puzzle Cole . cole - would not know . I leave school when I be 16 . I find out [ I could make a live at racing about the same time I find out I have to make a live - claire - maybe you cught to go back to school - ( Cole give she a look ) - wellit be dangerous and you be just run around in circle . ( Cole laugh ) - what do you love so much about it ? a long moment . then very softly : cole ~ the speed .. I want to control it , I want to know it 's not just dumb luck . I want to know that I can control something that , that 's .. claire - out of control . with a sigh of relief . cole - yeah . how have you know ? Claire continue to regard Cole warily . ext countryside ( day ) 174 Cole with Claire hang onto he waist tool down the road on he motorcycle . he 's move at a leisurely pace , there be meadow and wood and pasture , picturesque barn and little town that pass in the blink of a eye . Cole turn off the road and into a hollow . disappear . on the other side of the hollow - ext . lake house 175 man be at work baling hay . one of they turn and scowl when he hear the motorcycle . it be rowdy . the scowl disappear . what replace it almost pass for a smile . Cole and Claire ride into shot . rowdy help Claire off the bike . Nov 20 1989 . rowdy I be surprised at a sensible gal like you Dec , this guy can not hardly drive to dinner without crashin’ everything on the road - claire what 's he talk about ? Cole glare at rowdy . rowdy ( backtrack hastily ) - naa , just seem every time we get around each other he run into somethin’ - he 's do it at least eight time in ten race - cole Claire - you gotta know he 's lie . the man can not count past five . rowdy y¥ ’all get a few minute ? I / 11 show you around . claire ( as they be walk ) - we be here to see you - this be a house call , you do not show up for you physical - this bring rowdy up short . rowdy damn , I forget . cole you forget ? rowdy you worried about I ? claire of course he be . rowdy laugh . rowdy now doc , if you do not look the way you do , I have swear Cole get you up here just to make sure he get back in he race car before that new driver , Russ wheeler , take it away from he - Cole hold up he thumb . 82. Nov 20 1989 . 83. cole jump and I x11 catch you , buddy . rowdy he do run good the other day , you gotta admit - come on there 's Loretta and the kid , you can help they feed the fish . we get piranhas down there - claire - sure you do - rowdy point at a pond beneath where a young woman hold a baby wave . as they walk down the hill : rowdy funny thing about that Cole , I grow up and I hate farming , all I want be to work on race car , then I get to racin 's - run into Loretta - ( who hug he ) - and now what I want be to . make * enough money so I can work on a farm ! claire {to Loretta ) very nice to meet you . loretta Nice to meet you , howdy Cole - the older child be feed the fish , background . rowdy check out he baby , kissing it and make noise . Claire be near the edge of the pond . rowdy - do not get within a foot of the water , doc , they piranha can get out , jump up on the bank - loretta {to Claire ) - they be catfish - rowdy ~ I see ’em drag a goat in one day - loretta rowdy you quit that - rowdy hey you oughta see they bird come flyin’ in the lake try to catch fish , first thing you know they be short legge - Nov 20 1989 . 84. loretta rowdy ! rowdy laugh , as do everyone else . Claire throw she arm around Cole 's waist . the two couple amble along the pond side by side . catfish skitter in the water . the sun throw lengthen shadow on the meadow . cricket sound be in the air . claire _. ( very happy ) - it be beautiful - there 's a splash . Claire and Cole look to see rowdy have actually trip and nearly fall into the pond . rowdy {a little sheepish ) - sorry honey , if I be not ona racetrack I do not always pay attention to where I be goin 's - loretta well , rowdy , it 's easier ona racetrack , all you gotta do be keep turnin’ leave . ext lake norman ( day ) 176 rowdy 's kid skim and buck across the water on sea dcoo 's ( they look like sea-going motorcycle ) , racin 's and runnin’ around in circle . rowdy meanwhile propel he sleek scarab across the lake at seventy mile a hour - with Claire , Loretta , and Cole on board . they pass other speed boat and water-skier . Claire say something to rowdy . rowdy ( above the engine roar ) ~ yep one way or another , we be always chasin’ after speed - ext lake ( twilight ) 177 mist be beginning to rise . rowdy be putter along , barely above a idle as he point out place along the shoreline : rowdy - that there 's we home on the lake , just beyond , top of that knoll we be gonna build we permanent home . [ I get a option on eight more acre that all block it off from the highway - cole - cost much to build up there ? Jan 4 1990 '' 85 . rowdy about ten million dollar , Loretta 's doin’ the buildin 's - as usual he 's teasing . then , proudly : rowdy ~ she 's designin’ the house . loretta we just want a place where no one 's ever live but we , id not that right - she break off when she see rowdy 's face . he 's suddenly pale and clammy and he eyelid be flutter . he press he hand to he temple , like he 's try to squash he head . loretta - baby , what be it ? rowdy ( reeling ) - think I be seasick - loretta rowdy you never be seasick in you life - rowdy pass out . his head hit the gunwhale before Loretta can catch he . int lake house den ( night ) 178 Jan 4 1990 - 86. ecu rowdy 's retina the network of vein be distend and throbbing , the pastel pink and light hue of Cole 's eye replace by livid and stormy one . . two shot claire and rowdy ( int . lakehouse den eve ) as Claire pull away from rowdy 's eye and turn off the opthaimoscope . rowdy sit on the pool table - the room be full of sport equipment and rowdy 's racing trophy . claire ( quietly ) you do not forget about the physical , do you ? rowdy smirk and shrug , a gesture both defiant and pathetic . rowdy - nobody in my family go to a doctor unless they be dyin’ - just . cos you be not feelin’ good , shit - claire - all right , stand with you be foot together and close you eye . close cole in a doorway between door and live reom , watch the dark reprise of he own examination , appal . with claire & rowdy rowdy promptly topple to he leave . Claire catch he . rowdy 's tongue be protrude , a little saliva run down he chin . as he straighten up and wipe away the saliva , he hand be tremble : claire - we have get to get you back to daytona for a interval assessment . Bill wilhaire , head of neurosurgery be my boss and he 's as good as - a toilet flush . rowdy look o.s . Claire follow he gaze : cole - int . lake house emerge from the bathroom look deathly pale . rowdy point to Cole . 179 * + tee ee * Jan 4 1990 86a . rowdy - you get sick in there ? ( a triumphant smile , to Claire ) how about that ? he get sick . you be one hell of a candy ass , Cole . I faint and you throw up . claire rowdy ! it 's imperative you get to daytona Memorial and see Dr. wilhaire . I can not be responsible for what happen if you be not see right away .. oe ee es Nov 20 1989 . 87. television screen bob jenkins - I be Bob Jenkins and welcome to speedweek - Tim daland the city chervolet dealer with the uncanny eye for racing talent will take the unusual step of run a second car , he have attract another major sponsor in hardee 's , he new driver will be Russ wheeler who stand in so impressively for Cole trickle after he daytona crash , and he new crew chief , waddell slute , idle now since rowdy burn have be unable to come back from that same daytona crash . shot of Cole and Harry and daland celebrate past triumph in victory lane , of wheeler get out of the trickle car and be congratulate . jarrett interview waddell and wheeler and daland who be gather around a spanking new hardee / chevrolet lumina . reaction cole and harry ~- garage 180 at Harry 's garage . Cole be on the phone , Harry have be supervise work on the car . both be watch the set . cole ( into phone ) - hey , he will not return my call either . with claire at daytona memorial - int . 181 claire ( into phone ) well somebody better talk he into come down here . he 's almost certainly hemorrhage , the longer he ignore it the more damage 'il be do to he brain - cole ( acutely uncomfortable ) he do not want to see I !.. as long as nobody look at he again , he can call it just a headache .. harry listen to that horseshit - Cole glance back to the screen . daland be talk in response to a ned jarrett question . Nov 20 1989 . 88. daland ~ of course I believe it 's possible to maintain the integrity and independence of this two race team or I would not do it , ned . with claire claire ~ he 's you friend , Cole - with cole cole we have spend most of we friendship try to knock each other off , we be not that close !.. I be sorry , honey I x11 do what I - there 's a click . she 's obviously hang up on he . Cole stare at Russ wheeler on the t.v. russ * I be as big a fan as ever of Cole trickle 's , no driver 's accomplish so much in such a short time and - ( turn to camera ) I ' will continue to root for you , Cole in every race to come on in in second place - harry ( disgust , to the set ) who / 1l you be rootin’ for come Sunday , Tim ? ( to Cole ) I do not like this . if we be not real careful they be gonna form a coop against we . cole the word be coup , Harry . ( look at Harry ) coo - not everything involve car , you know . Cole turn back the the set and flip the channel , leave Harry more than a little surprised . he wait for more but Cole be glue to the set . he 's flip to a barbary Coast movie , set in a lush gambling establishment . the croupier at a roulette wheel urge everyone to place they bet , then spin the white ball . it go round and round in its groove on the slowly spin wheel like a car around a track . Cole be capture by the image , watch intently as camera move in on the wheel and the spin ball and the voice , ‘round and round she go and where she stop - 's close cole Nov 20 1989 . 89 . fascinate . croupier 's voice - nobody know .. ext race track ( day ) ext . track C the Cole trickle car speed along the oval . there be no other car immediately in sight . cole 's voice - this new tire be terrible , you shoulda put on scuff - harry 's voice you be doin 's good , Cole , you be a straightaway ahead of everybody else - cole 's voice - feel like I be gonna spin out - harry in the pit '' = pit shake he head . he do not like what he 's hearing . russ wheeler - track _in he car break through the pack . harry 's voice - wheeler 's get by the nine car , he 's comin’ up on you inside ..° int cole 's car rear mirror he look and spot wheeler 's car fill the frame . harry 's voice - if he want past , let he go . it 's too early in the race to fight for it ... cole - sure . if he want past , let he go - there 's just enough room on the inside for wheeler to squeeze through . he start . Cole close it just a hair . wheeler scrape up nearly even but can not quite get through . Cole inch back ahead . wider angle track Cole and Russ wheeler be side - by-side , run wheel to wheel . 182 183 184 185 186 Nov 20 1989 . : 90 . ned jarrett v.o. - this be one of that gruell door-handle to door~handle lap after lap duel that neither driver seem able to win . trickle get ahead in the turn and wheeler catch up on the straightaway - benny parson - do not make a bit of sense to I , ned . to fight like this with three hundred lap to go - it 's the kind of duel that nobody win ~ Harry spit into the radio : harry - you ease up right now , hear ? what the hell 's wrong with you ? int car cole ' 187 in a sweat . he 's blink and shaking he head . mute and distort sound . wheeler 's car seem about to break through Cole 's passenger window . the wall loom up ahead . Harry 's voice come through the radio sound like gibberish . Cole can not stand it . he pop in the clutch and floor it . the tachometer . + zoom into and through the redline . engine part burst and whine , oil spew and hit the road . ext pit 188 Harry hurry up to Cole who limp in with he smoking machine . harry - what happen ? cole - the engine blow - harry ( obviously ) - how ? cole - ifm not a fuck mechanic , Harry ! Cole storm out of the pit . Nov 20 1989 . 91 . reaction daland - pit lowering binocular , look grim . ned jarrett v.0o . - well that 's the third time in as many week the Cole trickle car be not go to finish a race , awful lot of bad luck , benny parson - int car harry push a button on the tachometer . the readout show the car red-line at 10,200 rpm . Harry quickly push another button and erase the read-out . int super flo semi truck sitting area ( day ) Cole be on the phone still in he racing suit . he 's surround by crew member change into street clothes . cole ( into phone} ' - yeah well I be in Georgia today and he 's in North Carolina , Claire .. ( more softly ) +» Z need to see you too .. reaction harry outside the doorway , watch . daland ( head . into room ) Cole in there ? Harry stop he . harry he could use a little privacy . daland ( worried ) what 's wrong with he ? harry he 's on the phone . several crew member come out of the sit room . obviously Cole 's phone conversation be not completely private . daland ( angry ) | I be not gonna repeat the question , Harry . what 's wrong with he ? 189 190 191 Nov 20 1989 . 92 . harry nothin’ . it be the engine - crawle up . daland last week it be the chassis - harry I ’1l1 tell you what 's wrong in this deal it 's you , Tim . you be a victim of you own goddam creation - ( right into he ) two race team . that 's one too many rooster in the hen house . daland doed not seem to bother Russ wheeler . harry Hell no . ever since that daytona crash Cole 's be call a .. troublemaker , wheeler figure he can bump and bam Cole all he want . daland I do not see Russ do anything like that : " - nascar do not see Russ do anything like that . harry oh , then I guess it be not happen . not under the watchful eye of expert like you and nascar . daland ( furious ) I x11 tell you what be happen . Cole 's not runnin 's good , he 's not lookin’ good - and now he 's get sponsor trouble . harry {just as angry ) but you do not , be that it ? daland have go further than he intend . daland - as far as that go , no I do not . but I want to keep the sponsor and Cole - he 's the one that really make this happen for we , and I have not forget , Harry - daland turn abruptly and leave . Nov 20 1989 . 93. Harry look back in on Cole who be simply sit and stare at the phone . harry ( tentatively ) you be on with the doc ? ( Cole nod ) - fightin’ ? cole ( miserable ) I be not . she say she 's too busy to see I . she probably be . face it , she 's a serious person . she 's get a serious job - Cole abruptly rise and walk out of the sit room , leave Harry stare at the phone . ext race track ( day ) - atlanta 192 Claire lewicki be be drive through the arrive crowd , in all they astonish variety and number . ' bob jenkins v.0o . - - once again , welcome to Winston Cup racing and the Atlanta Journal 500 , the last race of the year and one that will see the crown of this year 's Winston Cup Champion - ext pit lane ( day ) 193 Buck bretherton lead Claire who be now pin with all she pit roa@ credential , to Harry by the truck . harry ~ thanks for comin’ doc , Cole 's be waitin’ on you all day - claire where be he ? harry Driver 's meetin’ . he walk Claire toward the roof of a open building where Cole and the other driver be get they last minute instruction . Cole appear tense as he listen , Russ wheeler make a point of yawn where Cole can catch it , see wheeler pointedly stretch and relaxed . claire ( quietly ) have Cole see rowdy yet ? Nov 20 1989 . 94 . harry ( whisper ) - it 's like I tele you on the phone , Cole 's no different from this other guy . they do not like to be remind what can happen to ‘em in a race car . ( quietly point ) - see that fellow ? his daddy buddy bretherton be the king of stock car . hero to this driver . he be also the only driver at he funeral . you get a driver to a funeral before he 's actually dead and you have make history , doc = < claire - we be not talk about a funeral , if anything we bre talk about prevent one - nascar official N ofinish up ) - potential sponsor be in the stand , so let 's keep it clean - Cole have spot Claire as the meeting break up . he hurry over and be so happy to see she he do not quite know what to do . claire be it bad luck to kiss somebody before a race ? harry ( regretfully ) ~ yeah it be , I better handle this , Cole - Harry start to put he arm around Claire . Cole grab Claire and plant a big kiss on she as Harry cackle and other pass driver shout cheer of encouragement and approval . wheeler meanwhile see that Cole be suddenly relaxed . he 's not thrilled . claire ( to both man ) - this be my first race . cole we will make it a good one . the yellow flag 194 be wave . Shots of the action below : Nov 20 1989 . 95 . ned jarrett v.0o . ~- we be under caution here at the Atlanta 400 and after 392 lap the leader be : Dale earnhardt , Cole trickle , rusty wallace , ricky rudd and Russ wheeler - benny parson v.0 . Harry hogge and he pit crew seem to have that superflo chevy run effortlessly for a change - ned jarrett v.0o . ~ well it also seem trickle 's concentrate on all 40 driver today and not just Russ wheeler , it do make a difference - ext pit road 195 Harry glance at a eager and excited Claire . he wink - it 's go good . 5 Cole duck into pit road . wheeler squeeze in behind he . in that no - man 's land between the track and the road wheeler bump Cole . int car cole 196 react , look through he rear view mirror . int car wheeler 197 wave as if to say , ' sorry 's . ext pit area harry 198 have react to the bump . Claire watch . Cole 's pit and wheeler 's pit be adjacent , with wheeler 's in front of Cole 's . when Cole jet in , wheeler pull up in front and deliberately park wide . when Cole try to leave the pit he exit be block by the bumper of wheeler 's car still be service . in a fury Cole have to back up but in that half - second wheeler pull out in front of Cole as do two other driver . Buck be beside himself . buck ( in he own heavy Southern accent ) - that no account red neck son - of - a-bitch - Harry glare across the pit at daland who be with wheeler 's crew , daland look sheepish and shrug as if to say it be a accident . Nov 20 1989 . 96 . on the race track Cole be now run fifth position , behind wheeler and other . ned jarrett ~- a very costly pit stop for Cole trickle , go in second and , come out fifth with 6 lap to go - benny parson - through no fault of he own , ned , Russ wheeler pitting wide pin trickle to the wall , would not you say - ned jarrett - well nobody ever accuse race car driver of bein’ good at parallel parking , benny parson - ext track ss 199 Cole thread he way back through traffic , go high on the outside of rudd , nearly scraping the wall , then diving down on the inside pinching by wallace and wheeler who be in third position . he draw virtually even with the leader . the crowd roar approval . Claire with Harry be exhilated . at the stripe 200 the white flag be drop . int car cole 201 inch into the lead . he glance into he rear view mirror . wheeler break in it . Cole break out in a instant sweat . mute sound . there 's a rattling that seem to fill the entire cockpit . Cole glance around frantically . with harry and claire . - pit 202 cole voice ( panicked ) - my rear bumper 's loose - harry - nobedy touch you rear bumper , Cole - cole 's voice - then it 's the quarter panel something 's loose , Harry ! Nov 20 1989 . 97 . harry ( deadly calm ) - check you spare goggle , they be tape to the roll cage - claire something wrong ? harry ( downplay it ) - sometimes when this boy run out front they start hearing thing , it 's nothin 's - Claire 's not altogether reassure . int car cole 203 have find the flap goggle to he huge relief . he 's about to say something when he see wheeler very large in he rear view mirror . wheeler barely touch Cole 's bumper on the last . turn . Cole react , jerk the wheel too sharply , and spin . he go into the wall and come off it with two flat tire - just a couple of hundred yard from the finish . ned jarrett - what a shame - benny parson v.0 . - do not seem like there be much contact , ned - | ned jarrett - well sometimes it do not take that much , benny . ext pit road 204 Claire watch Harry as he 's leapt into the adjacent pit and be nose to nose with daland : harry ~ Russ wheeler do not deserve to win Tim , and if nascar will not call it low down , shit - ass racin’ , you better - daland ( eyeing the two hostile crew nervously ) - it be just racin’ , Harry . Cole overreact ~ cole - pit 205 meanwhile have make it to the pit , car smoking and two tire flat . he peke he head threugh the webbing : Nov 20 1989 . 98 . cole Change my tire . buck ( confuse ) - what for ? the race be over , Cole . cole Change _ my tire . the crew change Cole 's tire . he zoom back on the track . Claire watch , puzzle . int car wheeler 206 be in the middle of he leisurely victory lap when he look into he rear view mirror . he scream . cole - track 207 rear end wheeler and plow he into the wall , leave both car in a tangle and smoking heap . nascar official come run . harry and daland - pit 208 turn from each other , stare at the wreck . as it dawns on he : daland . he ’s..destroyed..both..my..cars ! harry you do that , you greedy use car salesman - that do it . fist fight between the two crew break out . Harry and daland get knock to the ground . as they be lie side by side , try to keep from get pummelle : daland - he 's fire , you be fire , you be all fire , you hear I ? Harry try hard to ward off blow , nod . ext highway rent-a-car ( day ) 209 move along with the leisurely flow of Sunday traffic . int car cole and claire ( moving ) 210 seat belt buckle . both stare quietly ahead . they might have be travel for day . they might have be together for year . Cole spot the airport turn - cff and make it . Nov 20 1989 . 99 , ext atlanta terminal 211 Cole pulis up in a busy load zone . he reach over and open the door for Claire . cole well , thanks for come - claire where be you go from here ? cole Drop the rent -a-car off , catch the flight to Charlotte - he shrug helplessly . claire would you .. like I to come with you ? Cole be surprised . it momentarily conceal he pleasure . a cab pull up he . cole ' do not you have to be at the hospital ? behind they . honk . Claire move close to claire we could call this a medical emergency . cole ( a trifle defensive ) - it 's not . I mean there 's nothin’ wrong with I ... the cab honk again . this bring up claire ( softly ) we could also .. try to see rowdy . Cole sharply . cole oh. yeah . claire anything wrong with that ? cole of course not . I guess I have forget about that . ee see Nov 20 1989 . 100 . clatre ( unavoidably point ) I know . cole ( irritate ) so it 's a medical emergency after all . why do not you just say so ? the cab honk three time . without look back Cole flip the cab driver the finger . the cab driver respond by give Cole 's rear bumper a tap . it be a replay of wheeler 's tap , and Cole fly into a rage . he jam the car into reverse and slam into the cab . claire Cole !.. before she can say anything Cole have ram the car into forward , screech ahead ten yard and jam it back into reverse . the cab driver 's eye pop open . he see it come and peel out into traffic before Cole can hit he again . Cole take off after he , Claire have a hard time close she door . ' claire let I out of this car , Cole ... ( Cole do not answer ) - let I out of the car . let I out or I be get out - Cole clip the suitcase of some poor guy who 's just take it out of he trunk . it burst open and clothes and toilet article go fly everywhere . this slow Cole momentarily . Claire throw open the passenger door and be go to leap . Cole grab she and try to slam the door shut , Claire fight to keep it open : claire ( scream ) let I out ! Cole siam on the brake . Claire leap out of the car . Cole try to back up . she find the stair and start to the lower level . Cole abandon the car and take off after she - cole - wait , just wait - Cole leap the railing and drop to the ground right in front of she . claire get away or I ’11l call the police - cole you ' will what ? — ss ss sfr Nov 20 1989 . . 101 . claire you hear I . she turn and walk away . Cole hesitates , then take off after she . as they walk side by side : cole okay , call the police . I be not leave till you talk to I . they walk a few more step . claire I have get nothing to say . cole well I do . Claire stop on a dime . she turn to he . with deadly force : claire okay , great . let 's hear it . Cole try to work he mouth but nothing come out . claire that 's it ? Fine . she turn to go again . Cole grab she . the look she give he make he release she immediately . claire you should not be drive a car anywhere - not on the road , not on a race track and not in a parking lot . you be selfish and you be crazy and you be scared —- cole . I be not scared - claire ( almost shouting ) you be scared to death . ( then ) you and rowdy have the same sickness - it 's call denial , and it 's probably go to kill you both . she turn away and get about ten step . can not stand it and march back . claire you want to control something that 's out of control , that 's what you say to I be not it ? ( more ) Nov 20 1989 . 102 . claire ( cont have ) well I be go to let you in ona secret that almost everybody else in the world automatically know - control be a illusion , you infantile egomaniac . nobody know what 's go to happen next - not on the freeway , not in a airplane , not inside we own body , and certainly not on a racetrack with 40 other infantile egomaniacs . nobody know and nobody control anything - you have get a glimpse of that and you be scared . you may not have the courage to race anymore . you may never have have it - oh God , I hate you for this you son of a bitch ! you have make I sound like a doctor - she spit this last out , near tear and walk away . Cole slouches back into he car . ext laundromat-dry cleaners ( day ) 212 Cole 's bike be park outside a establishment off the highway and on the edge of town . he slouches out of the place carry a couple of brown paper laundry bag , sport a three day growth of beard and wear clothes that look like he 's be in they three day . he 's a mess . he tie the laundry bag onto he bike with bungy cord , or start to . he walk over and lean on a fence at the edge of the laundromat . below he 213 be a abandon football field . it 's one of that all purpose place - soccer goal as well as dilapidate goal post sprout from a field of dirty weed and die grass . two kid in beat up old car be racin’ , digging a loose oval with they tire from goal post to goal post , yell at each other , frammin’ and bammin’ all over the place , and have a hell of a time ~ cheer on by a couple of girl and they buddy from the sideline . Cole watch as the eager driver keep go back and forth , round and round , back and forth , round and round ... ext meadow ( day ) ' 214 rowdy 's at work on a hay baling machine , back to camera . he 's chew headache tablet ( the meadow be litter with goody 's wrapper . ) rowdy turn off the machine . he press he hand to he temple . in the silence there 's a familiar sound come up through the hollow . rowdy do not turn toward the sound . he wait for it to reach he . Nov 20 1989 . 103. cole 215 shut down he motorcycle and stare at rowdy 's back . it 's almost as if he 's afraid to see he face . rowdy {without turn ) hear you be out of a job . cole - yep . int den rowdy 's lake house ( day ) 216 amid lengthen shadow rowdy wander around , chew more goody 's headache powder and drink a beer . Cole lounge on a sofa , under a row of racing trophy on a table behind it . cole you be not look too good . rowdy neither be you . rowdy smile but it 's more of a grimace because of the pain he 's in . he pop another headache tablet . cole how many of that thing you chew every day ? rowdy ( shrug ) like you say I can not count past five . what you come here for anyway ? Cole pull out a pair of airline ticket and toss they on the table next to the trophy . cole take you to the hospital . rowdy smirk . rowdy drummin 's up business for you lady friend . cole can not drive unless you go . rowdy ifn it have be anybody but a damn woman doctor I ’da be back on the track week ago - Nov 20 1989 . 104 . cole be that right ? rowdy ( furious ) shit I have race with my leg break , my heart bruise , eye pop outta my head like they be on spring , this 'il go away like anything else - far as I be concerned I be gonna live forever unless I go to some damn hospital where they take off you shoe , make you shut you eye , and bang you be dead . Cole nod . he rise , indicate a trophy next to a rack with golf club and a couple of basebali bat . cole what have you win this for ? rowdy stare . he obviously do not know . rowdy do not it say ? cole yeah - it 's the Winston Cup , buddy . well hell , that 's a easy one to forget . what 's you name or have that slip you mind ? rowdy turn away . Cole pick a baseball bat out of the rack . he slam it hard into the table . the trophy jump and rowdy do too . cole okay , we can fix you head here or down there , what 's it gonna be ? ext daytona memorial ( day ) 217 Claire be wait for the two man who make they way up the step to she . int hospital cole 218 sit in a visitor 's area , mechanically glance through the sport page . he spot coverage of he Atlanta race and commentary on he fire , quickly turn the page . claire 's voice rowdy would like to see you . she look directly at Cole who do not exactly meet she gaze . cole how be he ? tt sexy ss Nov 20 1989 . 105 . : claire I think he want to tell you himself . int hospital room ( day ) 219 Cole come in with Claire . rowdy 's in bed . rowdy well , the doc here say I need minor brain surgery . claire that 's not exactly how I put it . cole - listen , any surgery on he brain be bound to be minor . all three laugh . then there 's a uncomfortable silence . Claire regards both man carefully . Cole will not look at she . rowdy . listen doc , can I talk to this guy a second ? claire of course - ( she touch Cole , he nearly jump ) - can I get you a cup of coffee ? cole ( politely ) oh no thank you anyway - still he will not look directly at she . she show she disappointment , then leave . after a moment : Cole nod . rowdy they say I bust a blood vessel in my brain ... rowdy - so they wanna drill a hole in my head , ha , ha , get rid of the leaky blood ... ( very directly ) you reckon I should let ‘em , Cole ? Cole be shocked . it 's clear rowdy 's go to depend heavily on Cole 's answer . cole ( after a moment ) - yeah . — see seo Nov 20 1989 . 106 . rowdy you have let ‘em if it be you . cole I would . rowdy okay .. then I gotta ask you to do somethin’ . cole Hell , name it . rowdy drive my car . Cole look like he 's be smack in the face . cole what ' / be you talk about ? rowdy daytona . 's Cole move over to rowdy 's bedside . cole - you have get plenty of time to get ready for daytona , rowdy . you do not need I ~ rowdy suddenly grip Cole 's arm and hold on tight . his voice be thick : rowdy I be not too sure how I be gonna - come outta this deal , okay !.. ( release he grip on Cole , he voice be very low ) +. lose my sponsor . I get a lotta land and a lotta plan that be not pay for . I be a jackass . if somethin’ happen now Loretta would not be leave with a pot to pee in or a window to throw it out .. rowdy 's eye well up . he 's deeply ashamed and can not look at Cole . rowdy . ».so..a good run at daytona , all that network t.v. shit - it 's the place to pick a sponsor back up , you know ? Cole nod . Nov 20 1989 . 107 . cole - but geez , rowdy . there 's plenty ef other driver . you do not need I . rowdy do not give I that mealy mouth shit you son of a - bitch . you know what you be ! you get ball that '' big and on any give Sunday you be liable to be the best driver on the track , I include . I want the best for my family . my money an good . do not bullshit I , Cole . be there some other reason I be not good enough for you to drive for ? Cole can not trust himself to speak . he shake he head . rowdy ( fiercely ) then you will do it ? Cole nod . rowdy heave a sigh of relief . rowdy shit man , you have I goin’ . now let 's get down to business . what 's you deal with daland ? cole -.oh..hell .. we will work it out . could you excuse I a second ? ext rowdy 's hospital room 220 Cole make it out the door and into the wall , press he forehead up against it , Claire come up immediately . claire Cole , what 's wrong ? cole ( he face to the wall ) nothing ..he 's fine ..he 's gonna do it . he 's gonna have the operation . Cole can not quite suppress the stomach spasm . claire then what 's wrong ?.. ( she continue to stare at he and start to become unglue herself ) - please look at I ... I be sorry .. I be sorry for everything I say to you , : it be awful .. Nov 20 1989 , 108 . Cole turn to she . his face be tear streak . cole it be accurate . claire would you kiss I ? cole ( very quietly ) no. claire ( near tear herself ) what 's wrong ? cole - nothin’ . nothi no. nothin 's .. tell rowdy I x11 call he .. he hurry down the hospital corridor and out of sight , leave Claire stand there helpless and confuse and thoroughly miserable . then it strike she . she turn slowly and gaze at the door lead to rowdy 's room . ~ int daytona airport ( night ) 221 Cole , carry on over shoulder hand over he board pass and go up the accordion jetway . there 's a clatter behind he . voice - I do not have one , I be a doctor , I have to see somebody - Cole duck back down . Claire come into view , out of breath in she hospital white and stare directly up at he . claire be you go to do it ? rowdy say you be .. be you ?.. she look so unhinge that Cole come back down the ramp , drop he carry on . cole - yeah . claire ( flabbergasted ) - you mean you actually want to drive rowdy 's car ? cole I do not want to drive any car . Nov 20 1989 . 109 . claire ( with grow desperation ) then tell he , Cole . tell he the truth before this go any further . you be not up to it . cole he win not believe it . claire of course he will . just - cole ( grab she by the shoulder ) he 's a suspicious redneck and he 's too goddam tough , Claire . he will not believe I be a coward . he all just think I be a liar . there 's a final board call . cole - look , he 's try to protect he family the best way he know how .. claire then I x11 tell he it 's not the best way - cole ( gently ) do that and he 'il call you a liar . then he 'il walk out of that hospital without the operation ... Claire barely nod . she know Cole 's right . she start to cry . the board call again . cole would you give I a kiss ? she do , and fervently . Cole then rush up the ramp and out of sight . Jan 19 1990 110 . ext . harry 's barn ( day ) 222 there be the graze cow and the rusted race car as first see by Tim daland . Harry chuckle and shake he * head . - harry ( to Buck and he croney ) * no , no , nossir ! can not use an , do not want ‘em , and could not afford ‘em if I do . Harry do not appear to hear Cole enter because he be * preoccupy with the tractor '' . and he friend . * cole what the hell be you talk about ? harry Race car driver - I know all about you and rowdy burn . I be not settin’ up that car for daytona or anywhere else Cole , but you be welcome to come on in . 'o we will break out the moonshine , start tellin’ lie and callin’ up the woman - but no talk a 's racin 's . cole -okay , no talk about racing . int . harry harry & cole 223 and a few good ol 's boy from neighbor farm , along with Buck be listen as Harry hold forth - there be empty long neck beer bottle , Wild Turkey fifth , even a stray mason jar or two - with maraschino cherry pit spew into coffee can and styrofoam cup . harry - so anyway . there be this coal mine I believe be gonna make I rich , it be sell to I so good , hell I proceed to go up in the mountain and get in on this coal mine .. Buck 's eye roll up into he head and he glance over at Cole - they have hear this one before . during this camera circle the room go over memorabilia past the window which be now dark and back into the room which be now empty except for Harry and one good ol boy who be have a hard time make it to the end of Harry 's tale : : meanwhile Buck and Cole be go over some memorabilia and Harry be have a hard time ignore they . Cole hold a photo of a young man who look like a sophisticated version of Buck sit on a railing stare at Harry . Cole laugh . Jan 19 1990 110a . the young man 's chic coat be around marry 's 's shoulder , european style . the young man hold a cigarette in he mouth european style . Harry 's look up try to hold a cigarette in he mouth the same way . Jan 14 1990 cole | what 's go on here ? harry ( continue but acutely aware of Buck and Cole ) ~ now this mountain have be work out for fifty year do not you know - buck I believe my pappy be try to teach Harry to smoke like a italian - harry he be not teachin’ I to smoke like a italian . he be teachin’ I to smoke like a frenchman . cole ( another photo ) when be this ? buck ~ probably nineteen seventy three at the t.v. station after Harry and pappy win they second Grand National - harry they call that a dog and pony show ~ Harry can not stand it . he spot the photo . harry that be nine - teen seventy - five and it be we third Grand National , goddam it ! buck sorry Harry - harry - it 's just that it 's tough enough to hear the truth about buddy - buck ( nod ) ~ anyway I be gonna take off - good ol boy - I too Harry —- Jan 14 1990 112. Buck and Cole exchange a quick look and Buck glide on off . in a moment Cole and Harry be alone , Cole surround by photo of buddy bretherton . both he & Harry have be drink heavily but it do not show except for a certain squinty - eye intensity . cole why will not you set up the car ? Harry sit down abruptly . harry when you come out with the truth it have to come out like it be or I do not want to tell it .. cole okay . tell the truth . i harry - ever since you and rowdy crash '' '' at daytona and rowdy get sick , . you be waitin’ for the other 's shoe to drop , waitin’ on somethin’ bad to happen to you ... maybe if youda get bust up in that race youda be better off ~ but you just could not see nothin’ for a few hour and you be worried about what you can not see ever since . you be hearin’ thing in the car .. say , buddy bretherton start hearin’ voice . all kind of ‘em . ( more ) * * * * * * Jan 16 1990 . / 113. harry ( cont / have ) everywhere - Atlanta , Richmond , wilkesboro , and all of ‘em only have but one thing to say - ( in a ghostly voice ) _ ' get ouuut of that raaace carr !. ' Harry chuckle . then : harry ( cont have ) you peg the engine at Atlanta , red-line the sumbitch . and blow it sky high . done it deliberate . 9,400 rpm accord to the little tell tale button . you be worried if you do not get outta that car right quick - you would die . ( lean over ) call I a liar . Harry spit in he cup , take a slug of moonshine , glare : i . i. cole , you be not a liar . '' : harry well then , what the hell be we talk about ? cole Racing rowdy 's car at daytona . I can not do it without you . harry you can not do it , period !.. anda I be not goin 's back there , Cole . Harry leave the kitchen table . int . barn ( night ) Harry 's turn out light as Cole enter the barn - stand near the spot where Harry build they first car . cole buddy do not really die of a heart attack , do he ? harry -- oh , he heart attack he all right , but not in the car . you do not want to hear about it . I be go to bed - lock up when you leave - * * of Jan 16 1990 . 114 . Harry just about make it through the doorway when Cole stop he : cole nascar privately claim the set-up on the car kill buddy , that you use thin wall tub to keep the weight down , exhaust fume break through the firewall and carbon monoxide knock buddy out . they say they would investigate unless you agree to retire . harry ( turn back , slowly ) :- you sound like you actually learn a thing or two about race car . cole ( pursue it ) - s50 you agree to retire . i harry . - yeah I agree and they come up ; with this heart attack horseshit ! : when buddy hit the wall at the third turn he be jabberin’ on the radio about as fast as he be drive , carbon monoxide my ass that be the loudest talk unconscious man you ever hear in you life !.. Harry 's be talk pretty fast himself . he suddenly seem spend . harry :- nothin 's kill buddy but he imagination . cole then why do not you let ‘em investigate ?.. why Harry ? ee ee ee ee a +e oe eh ee + oe * Nov 20 1989 . 115 . harry - cos I shoulda know better than to let he drive in the first place . cos I know race car driver , Cole .. a driver get he bell rung and a couple of light flicker , or he get rich and he 's always be poor , or he get a family and he worry about they . he get frighten or fat and lose what he need more than he eyesight , more than he reflex , more than anything in the world - he lose he need , he need . his need to drive right out there on the rag edge .. ( hold a empty mason jar upside down ) - when that 's go , it 's go and there ain not no still where you can go to fill it up .. buddy be a terrible pain in the ass . he think he know about car which '' , make he twice as ignorant as you . I mean he would lay everything wrong on we , particularly when he start gettin’ scared . if he burnt up a ring because he forget to turn on a ring cooler I do not say nothin’ . if the brake go out because he abuse ‘em , it be my fault .. but still , I look at guy like .. {he obviously mean Cole as well but can not say it ) +. buddy , I see he do thing in my race car that 's absolutely unbelievable .. that really show I what I have do .. and then you see , you be go to automatically have to sort of love that guy whether you want to or not .. Harry break off . he be too emotional to continue . Cole wait a long moment . cole Harry , I have to ask you something .. before buddy hit the wall , how be he actually do in that race ? Harry can not believe it . he rise unsteadily , start to go after cole. Jan 16 1990 . . 116 . harry you ornery , no good son-of~a - bitch - cole ( back up ) Harry , I do not want you to hurt yourself - I be countin’ on you to set up the car - harry - you get back in that car and you will die - : Cole stop back up . cole I be not get back in my car . I be get in rowdy 's ! Harry smashes the mason jar to the ground . j ~ karry h - that sound just dumb enough to be a race driver ! you think } you will hide from you bad luck . in he car ? and what the hell for ? for rowdy ? if he could run tomorrow he have crash you to win the race . he 's mean . he 's no particular friend . why ? cole because he ask I to . harry - and you do anything somebody ask you ? the two man be now toe to tee . spitting it at he : cole when they need it as bad as rowdy ° do ~ yes . this hit Harry like a punch . the need . for a moment it appear he 's be have . then he lip curl like a animal 's about to attack . it explode from he : harry horseshit . you just want to race ! cole yeah and so do you . harry you be scared ! * Jan 16 1990 . 116a . cole yeah and so be you !.. but I be not buddy bretherton , I have not be do this for twenty year , it 's too soon for I to be scared . there 's something else . daytona . you have never win it Harry , not with buddy , not with I , not ever . we promise we have do it . Harry be agonize . he do want it . he look to Cole , helpless : harry -- I honestly just would not know how this deal 's gonna turn out Cole .. cole I do not know either Harry . but goddam ~ be not you curious to find out ? } ext . daytona speedway ( day ) bob jenkins ' this be it , welcome to daytona and another year of Winston Cup : racing , as forty of the top a@river in the country begin they annual quest for the most covete prize in auto racing , the Winston Cup - 224 ee ro oe oe ee ee ee Nov 20 1989 . 117 . ned jarrett - but today , Bob Jenkins , this driver have only one thing on they mind , the crown jewel , the superbowl of racing - the daytona 500 - during this the gorgeous and vulgar panoply of pre-race daytona at the open be reprise , but now there be recognizable character in the crowd : daland with waddell and Russ wheeler walk with they car as it 's be push onto the track . daland spot Harry at the rowdy burn car , hood up , nascar inspector present . darryl waltrip kiss he little baby girl before he amble onto the track . Ken schrader walk hand in hand with he wife down the twin lane of car . he take off he soft cap and hand it to she . begins to put on he helmet . she watch . ned jarrett v.0o . - well it 's certainly be a strange turn of event and it must be a peculiar feel for Cole ~ trickle , just about to get into that 51 car with rowdy burn 's name on it - benny parson v.0o . ~ well ned he probably figure it this way , he will not have to worry about look for it in he rear view mirror ~ daland move up to Harry , who be still work on the engine , hood raise , the nascar official hover , watch every move , daland ( quietly ) - you tell I you guy do not have a sponsor - he 's refer to the mellow yellow that have replace the exxon on rowdy 's hood . harry - they give we just about enough money to paint they name on the car - daland nod , move on . Cole be walk down the track hand in hand with Claire and talk quietly when he spot he car . he break into a dead run . arrive in a sweat : cole what 's the hood do up ? Nov 20 1989 . 118. harry we have to change engine and forget to tighten the oil line . cole a why have you have to change engine ? harry found some metal in the oberg filter - I be sure that explain it for you . obviously it do not . Cole smile a tentative , sheepish smile . then he 's back on it : cole where no you get the engine ? harry we steal it . Cole spot daland talk to wheeler . wheeler wave , wink . ' , cole ' what be you talk to daland about ? : harry Claire , put this boy in the car . tell he to wait till he get on the track before he start sweatin’ - it 's gonna be fine . Claire walk with Cole to the driver 's side . claire ( lightly ) - drive carefully - cole I will .. just gonna give rowdy a decent show , I be not gonna kill myself ... he 's mean this figuratively , but it 's literal meaning hit they both . claire - good . she give he a linger kiss and he slip inte the car . the webbing drop and Claire look like she 's just walk : under a dark cloud - then she 's suddenly grab by the hand . Nov 20 1989 . . 119 . on the track — 225 nascar official - and now to give we the most famous word in racing , rowdy burn .. there be sustained applause from the crowd - with a couple of isolate boo , which rowdy particularly appreciate . he wave with the cane he 's use . stands between the two row of . car . rowdy - thank you . I / have rather be in my car today but one way or another it 's nice the be back on the track . I especially want to thank this gal here - ( he 's hold Claire 's hand ) - she 's the one that put the hole in my head a lot of you claim be already there - gentleman , start you engine - there be a roar that be louder than anything hear thus far . Claire can not believe the sound . the car fly past she and rowdy . rowdy spot Cole as he pass , give he a hi sign . Cole return it automatically . Claire look worried . rowdy ( as they leave the track ) we do not get a thing to worry about , doc - Claire try to look reassure . rowdy ( cont have ) you watch . that boy can not help himself - he 's gonna win this race or die tryin' . rowdy chuckle . just above the " 0 " 226 in daytona the green flag wave . the car cross the stripe in a roar and a blur . the race be on . random shot 227 of the race in progress . there be spin , crash , smoking tire , yellow flag , pit stop , green flag . bob jenkins v.o. - after 125 lap here at the daytona 500 the leader be Dale earnhardt , follow by rusty wallace , Harry gant , Russ wheeler ... Nov 20 1989 . 120. Jenkins set the first ten place , then superimposes the next five . Cole be not among they . camera drift further back in the field . - bob jenkins v.0. ( cont no ) - the much anticipate duel between the daland / Russ wheeler . hardee car and Cole trickle have not be a factor here so far , ned jarrett - ned jarrett v.0 . ( as camera isolate Cole ) - well trickle 's certainly run a different kind of race today . he 's stay in the middle of the pack and appear to be content to let other do the hard chargin 's - int . car cole 228 expression set . perspire . harry 's voice ~ :47:01 , leader be :45:90 rowdy - pit 229 watch with Claire do not look overly pleased . : on the track 230 the hood from one in the crowd of car in front of Cole pop up . the driver lose control . he bounce off several car and hit the wall . it 's a multi-car crash . the car hood helicopter high in the air . : int . car cole 231 fight he way through the smoke and fire and then see it - the helicopter car hood @escend and head right for he cockpit . he scream . turn to the infield to avoid impact - the hood just brushes he on the passenger side . with harry - pit 232 harry ~ there 's some oil at the bottom of turn three , leader 's just take it - you all right ? cole 's voice ~ seem like there 's a hundred car out here . harry you be not use to runnin’ ina crowd . Nov 20 1989 . 121. with cole . 233 this register . he put he foot on the gas . wider angle track . 234 bob jenkins v.0o . - we be back under green here at the daytona 500 and somebody appear to have light a fire under the 51 car ~ Cole be thread he way high and low through traffic . he spot gant and wheeler run side by side . ned jarrett v.0 . - right now he 's come up on the leader gant and wheeler - cole's Pov 235 there 's barely a car 's width between wheeler and gant . Cole take the plunge , scraping right between they . . the two car be buffete by the near impact and Cole emerge in the lead . benny parson - now what do we call that , ned jarrett ? a trickle sandwich ? ned jarrett = might as well - after 165 lap Cole trickle 's the new leader here at the daytona 500 - the crowd have go wild . Harry be not sure what to think . rowdy nudge Claire ~ he know it all along . Claire be worried . int . car cole + 236 perspire more heavily than ever . harry 's voice : I do not believe you do that . cole . neither do i. int . car russ wheeler 237 who. do not believe it either . his steady stream of invective be lose in the engine 's roar . with harry : - pit 238 talk patiently into the radio . Nov 20 1989 . 122. with claire - pit 239 more nervous than ever . with cole - track 240 run out front . he spot wheeler come up behind he . he jam he foot on the accelerator to get all the speed he can . he hold it to the floor go into turn three . close pedal - track 241 with Cole 's foot press it through the floor . there be a tiny snap . when Cole 's foot come off the gas to brake , the accelerator remain jamme on the floor . with cole - track 242 as the wall on turn three approach . he brake . the car do not slow . it continue run full ovt . the wall approach in lightning leap . Cole jam he foot harder on the brake . he jam both foot on the brake . smoke drift up from the floorboard . Cole just make it through the turn , the car run a odd line . . with harry - pit 243 notice . harry what 's goin 's on ? cole .- accelerator 's stick . what can I do , Harry ?.. Harry ? Harry 's beside himself but try to be calm for Cole . harry {as calm as he can ) - oh , pop the clutch and blow the engine - you get no choice Cole .. you do good , but it 's over .. with cole - track 244 go down the backstretch , still in the lead . the wall be approach . he start to come down on the clutch but change he mind and brake ~ smoke fly up through the floorboard . Cole make it through the turn , still in the lead . ned jarrett v.0 . trickle 's runnin 's a very peculiar line out there .. Nov 20 1989 . 123. harry voice you try that again and you nre gonna have a car runnin’ flat out with no brake - down the front stretch 245 Cole be try to reach the dash but can not . he be strapped in too tightly . he loosen the shoulder harness . cole . how many more lap ? harry voice cole ! his shoulder harness be now loose enough for he to reach the dash . his finger struggle toward a button on the dash but the wall be approach too quickly . he have to jam on the brake again . the cockpit fill with smoke . bob jenkins - with thirty - two lap to go , trickle be still lead Russ wheeler at the daytona 500 - ned jarrett ( a urgency that break through he professional demeanor ) there 's somethin’ definitely wrong with that race car - bob jenkins let 's go down to Dr. Jerry punch - jerry punch 7 pit 246 in the pit with Harry . Claire and rowdy nearby . punch - apparently there seem to be some sort of carburetor linkage problem with the Cole trickle car , how about it Harry ? he hold the microphone under Harry 's nose . Harry be sweat bullet . he ignore punch . punch Harry ? harry the fuck accelerator be stick to the floorboard ! now would you excuse I please ? punch well , back to you Bob Jenkins - Nov 20 1989 . 124. int . car cole : 247 '' approach the wall again . : harry 's voice Cole ? you can not brake anymore . - you blow that engine now , hear ? Cole reach out and flip the switch he could not reach before . there be silence in the cockpit . he glide through the turn , struggle with the wheel , and keep wheeler behind he . from a distance : 248 the line of the car look smoother . harry ( astonished ) what the hell have you do ? cole 's voice I might not know much about car , Harry .. but I know how to turn an on and off .. int . car cole 249 he 's through the turn . he hit the ignition just as wheeler pull up alongside he . his engine roar and he pull ahead once again . rarry 's voice - you can not do that for twenty - five more lap .. , cole voice I be gonna try .. come off the straightaway and into the turn Cole flip the switch . again there 's a eery silence . Cole hold through the turn , fight to stay in the groove . wheeler 's right behind hin . wide angle track 250 benny parson v.o . I do not see how he can keep do this .. ned jarrett v.o. benny you be say that for 10 lap . benny parson v.0o . and I still do not see it -. Nov 20 1989 . 125 . bob jenkins v.0o . with just over 5 lap to go here at daytona Cole . trickle have manage to cling to the thinnest ef lead under extraordinary condition ... at the third turn = track 251 Cole shut off and move into it . as he do wheeler move closer , the progressive shutting on and off of he engine have bring wheeler to the point where he 's finally reach Cole 's bumper . he give it a nudge . int . car cole 252 with no engine the tiniest of nudge send he careen wildly . nearly through the turn he try to turn on the engine but it 's too late ~ he slam into the wall with two flat tire . wheeler take the lead . the caution flag come out . the car slow down . Harry hang he head . '' int . car cole ° 253 look down . he see the impact have freed the accelerator . he turn on the engine . the gear grind . he swear furiously . harry voice Cole , you okay ? cole - the good news be the accelerator 's fix - the bad news be the transmission 's fuck . what can I do ? harry - pit 254 come to life . harry Hell , Cole seein 's as you do everything else backwards - try reverse . cole - track 255 slam the car into reverse and it work . he come scream down the track backwards at nearly eighty mile a hour , catch up with the pack . he reach pit road and brake , flipping the car 180 degree , pitting perfectly . Buck lead the charge . his over - the-wall - gang jack up the car , change the tire . Buck struggle with the transmission . Nov 20 1989 . / 126 . harry you can not fix it , just get it in high gear - Harry and Buck twist the linkage , drop the car to the road - the car sputter in high gear . his crew have to keep push it down the road . daland with wheeler 's crew 256 watch . Cole 's car be die without more momentum . daland signal wheeler 's crew . they rush out and together with Harry and he crew , they push Cole 's car . it stop sputtering and move onto the track where the car be still run under caution . nascar official ( to daland ) you can not do that . it 's not you car . daland it sure as hell be my engine in _ that car - that 's what my boy be pushin’ . wheeler - track 257 look through he rear view mirror . he can not believe Cole be back on the track . he momentarily fail to see the pace car have go off the track . waddell 's voice Green flag ! Green flag ! what the hell be you waitin’ on Russ ? wheeler take off but keep one eye on he rear view mirror . int . car cole 258 cole where be I ? harry voice runnin 's seventh . cole how many lap to go ? harry voice Three . on the track 259 Cole thread he way relentlessly through traffic . Nov 20 1989 . : : 127. at the stripe : 260 the white flag be wave . Cole cross it and pass another car . there 's only one remain between Cole and wheeler , with wheeler 261 grow more and more edgy . he make it through the secong turn . check he rear view mirror . he see Cole move out behind the number two car . Cole pass it and be now grow in wheeler 's rear view mirror as wheeler approach the third turn . wheeler be fascinate . as Cole 's car continue to fill up wheeler 's rear view mirror , wheeler keep watch and watch and drive right off the track and into the infield . ha plough into the huge mound of earth in front of ext . pit roap 262 Harry , Buck , Claire , rowdy , and the pit crew begin to race toward the finish , the checkered flag 263 be wave over the " of " in daytona . the crowd sutge and roar . Cole cross the stripe . on the track 264 Cole 's car be mobbed . as the webbing be pull back - freeze frame to : photograph in victory lane 265 as quick as the shot of Cole in he first win at pocono - but Cole with Claire , Harry , rowdy , daland - kid , clowning , kissing , drink in all the champagne and sweetness of victory . continue through credit . fade