draft as of : '' day and confuse " by Richard linklater 02.20.1992 ee ar see ee 2izone day and conpuse cast of character : lead gentor guy : Randy '' * pink * floyd - runa with all crowd : jock , stoner , poker group incelligentsia and act accordingly tony Olsen - witey , intellectual . paper editor , poker group member , a bit shy around the girl but end up with sabrina don dollar - cocky , charming , not smart , womanizer , fun guy , have thing with shavonne keith pickford ~.cool , quirky , a stoner who 's goc it all together although he party get bust benny mccracken - athlete , a little dumb , intimidating , but in it for fun , drink lot of beer lead senior Girls : jodi kerr - socially popular , smart , Mitch 's older sister , sabrina 's " big aister '' kaye faulkner - smart , analytical , most mature of senior girla , social shavonne Rhodes - boy crazy , popular , hot scuff lead freshmen : mitch kerr - jodi 'a young brother , popular , athlete , get ' bust 's the worst by senior but ultimately get lucky , end up with Julie sabrina Davis ~ very strike and mature for she age , a bit shy but a bic calculate at the same cime , end up with tony support senior girlie : cynthia Dunn - smart , a bit socially inhibice , have crush on tony ( unbeknowest to he ) , hanga out with the poker guy darla Woods - tough , humiliate freshmen like a drill : sergeant , a female o’bannion michelle burrough - pickford 's girlfriend , do not talk much but be perhaps the coolest girl around julie danford - sophmore , party , flirt with Mitch and end up with he support senior guy : mike nawhouse - intellectual , poker group / paper staf ? guy , best friand with tony but have darker edge , ready to push the boundary Paul slater - endear stoner , accept by all because of he basically fun and incerest perspective royce Crawford = smart black friend of tony and Mike 's , poker group / paper staff guy but not completely with he white friend hudson higgins - achlete / party guy , friend with '' bannion and benny , more of a sidekick with a car Fred o'bannion ~ sadistic , 2nd year senior , the only real ' bad guy 's in the movie but get commuppance from freshmen guy : oo additional guy : Bobby wooderson - older guy atill hang on to high school scene , basically cool and lock up to but be get more pathetic as the year go on elvis spivey - a little older black guy who have ambiguous relationship with the crowd at the emporium though obviously the most respected , * coolesc 's guy there . possibly just take whictey 's money at pool . clint bruno - aggressive jerk , ride around with Party guy # 1 and # 2 , pick on Mike at beer bust , ultimately get in fight ; additional girle :s stacy woodward - have older boyfriend she talk about lose virginity to , best friend with Julie susan piumner - get drunk and out of control at beer et support freshmen : : carl burn - a bit of a smarcass , shortstop on Mitch 's team , compete with Mitch a little on coolness tommy lawson - catcher on baseball team , look up to Mitch a bit Adam hirsh - get bust by o'bannion but spearhead revenge scenario freshman Girls # 1 - # 4 wo fade in : open title sequence behind logo and title card we hear the eerie and edgy beginning of aerosmith 's '' sweet emotion '' . the citle be offset by random high school yearbook photo of member of the cast . some be they official school picture with they activity listing . while other be che student in various extracurricular activity pose . the last title read : last day of school may 28 , 1976 12:55 p.m . series of shot as the song kick in we see many of this same character in they lunch - time environment . . aerosmith * sweeeet emooootion ... sweeeet emooootion ...* a ) Inside a car , a joint be roll on the underside of a frisbee . aerosmith * talkin ' ' bout thing and nobody care ... " B ) a convertible drive through the school parking lot in slow motion . c ) in another car , the long-haire inhabitant finish off a beer and toss it out of the car . aerosmith '' wearin ' other thing that nobody wear ...° D ) student lay around in the smoking section with bad attitude . — £ ) in a shop class , a guy drilling small hole in a paddle he 's make . F ) Girls unload a large quantity of grocery supplies from they car and put they in one truck . aerosmith *o callin ' my name but I gotta make clear ...* G ) guy play card at a picnic table in the snack bar area . aerosmith " can not say baby where I will be in a year ...* ext : high school parking lot - day the convertible park next to a crowded , smoke - fill car with the window roll up . keith pickford and michelle burroughs soon hop out of this car and head toward the school . stand next co he truck , randy '' pink * floyd call out co they . pink pickford ! you stoner ! pickford acknowledge he with a slightly sarcastic , mimick voice as he and Michelle walk over to he . pickford they say it will kill ya but they do not say when ... pink . how 's it lookin’ for tonight ? pickford Three keg ... pink cool . but the big news be ... check this shit : out . pink grab a tarp in the bed of he truck and with one quick motion , jerk away the canvas and reveal a smile Ronald McDonald statue . formerly of the drive - through line , Ronald have a speaker in he stomach . pickford awwright ... michelle cool . pink I and dollar nab it about four - thirty this morning . we just go through there for lunch ... they get this old lady stand out there take order by hand . he imitate a little old lady scribbling on a note pad . pink ( continue ) do you want fries with that ? the thing 's three foot away from she . they laugh a bit and walk together up the stair to the school . int : hallway - day pickford , Michelle , and pink walk down the hall . pickford can not believe we gotta be here ac all today ... michelle let the torture begin ... they pass paul slater near a water fountain . pickford slater , son ... pink how 's it go ? . slater - it 's fixin’ to be go a lot better ... slater pop somach in he mouth and take a quick gulp at the fountain . he then offer up he hand and pickford '' give he five * in the slowest , coolest way possible . slater '' so what time tonight ? : pickford ' Bout nine or ten ... slater all right . slater walk away while pickford , Michelle , and pink walk near pink 's classroom door . pink later ... pickford see you up there after ... as pickford walk away , he acknowledge tony olson and mike newhouse stand in the hall near the door to pink 's classroom . pickford . if it be not woodward and bernstein . tony and Mike just smirk at pickford as pink slow down near the door . : : pink men. ( continued ) 2 . continued : mike so be this a smoke or liquid lunch ? : : . lack pink point at he like ' yeah right 's as a friend and ' classmate of theirs , royce crawford , poke he head out of the door . royce - poker game still on for tonight ? pink . I don‘c know about tonight for I ... mike '' I chought we should all go out . tony and do what ? pink . I '' probably go to pickford 's party . ~~ mike exactly - we should do something like that . we can play poker any time . . royce . I do not know , sound suspect . we will have to put it up before the committee . royce and pink head into the room while tony suddenly remember something he want to tell Mike and gesture for he to walk with he - down the hall a bit . ' tony okay , I have this dream last night ... ( grin quizzically ) okay , you have to promise not to tell anyone . ' mike sure . tony say I promise . mike ~ a '' ( recite ) '' '' I promise not to tell anyone ... 's ( continued ) eo _ continued : ( 2 ) tony get a liccle quieter and make sure no one be listen . tony ~ okay ... in this dream I be have sex with what have a perfect female body but ... mike but what ? what ? tony change he mind . tony I can not say ... mike oh come on , you can not give a build - ~ up like chat and then not deliver . okay , 30 , a beautiful female body , we be off to a good start ... he gesture for tony to continue . tony but the head of ... - abraham lincoln . mike do not really react at all . mike tony the hat , beard ... ( change subject ) oh well , best not think too deeply about this one ... . mike best not ... tony I gotta go see Mr. Lane . I x11 be back after a while ... tony walk off as Mike head into the classroom . int : newspaper staff classroom later , inside the newspaper class , pink , royce , jodi kerr , kaye eaulener . shavonne rhode , and cynthia dunn be deep in iscussion . ( continued ) 3 continued : royce ... do we already say the one where shac big game hunter arrive on the " island and decide cto hunt gilligan ? jodi no ... that 's 27 ... shavonne what about the time cthae rock group , ' the mosquitos " visit the asland and Ginger and mari Ann form they own group . pink . that 's 28 . kaye that 's get to be about all of they ... do n’et they only make two season 's worth of that show ? cynthia Mrs. howell be also in that group . tony walk in and the entire class die laugh . ab royce et tony flash a quick glance toward Mike , who 's act like nothing happen . . pink . honest abe ... read we a gettysburg address , mister , or be it miss ? lincoln , amid continue laughter , tony quickly gain he composure and calmly motion to the class to quiet down and listen . tony it 's mister editor to all of you for the next year ... you bunch of mundane feeble wit . he then sit down right in front of Mike and glare at he . tony death ... mike I be very specific , I promise not to tell any one . I tell everyone . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) from che hallway , don dollar look in the room , make sure the teacher be not there and chen gesture to pink in the back of the class . . don hey pink ! you ready ? pink walk over to the door . pink I can not go yet . as soon as Mrs. wilk get here and check roll we can probably all split . go get penny and check I out on the way ack . ' don cool ... Don walk away down the hall . int : shop CLASS - day Don look into the shop clas& $ and gesture to benny mccracken who be stand off to the side , put the finish sand touch on a large paddle he have make . benny gesture for Don to hold on for just a moment . in the back of the class , slater and two other , stoner # 1 and stoner # 2 , discuss the more technical aspect of rock and roll . on slater 's desk be a three foot bong he have make as he final woodwork project . slater ... man , I hear when nugent be play in Miami , or maybe it be San Francisco ... anyway , man , this chick get up on stage and start give he a blowjob while he be play , man , ' stranglehold .* stoner # 2 ( excited ) no way ... stoner # 1 gesture toward he project : a roundish , hand - carve led Zepplin logo . stoner # 1 hey , last week in New Orleans ... bonham ... one - hour drum solo ... . stoner # 2 wow ... ( continued ) 4 5 continued : stoner # 1 hey benny , man , I feel sorry for that income freshmen . benny smile and make a gesture like he 's give someone a spanking with he newly sand board . the teacher of the class , a middle - age bald man name mr . rix , be laid back in he chair fast asleep with he mouth open . on he way out the door , benny go up to Mr. rix and pop the top of a coke in he ear . as benny rush out the door , Mr. rix slowly wake up . mr . rix get back to you seat ... int : hallway outside shop CLASS - day out in che hallway , benny proudly show he board cto Don as they start to walk down the hall . benny check it out . I just drill a series of small hole ... to cut down on the wind resistance and create more of a sting on impact . in a upbeat , cocky manner , shavonne walk by and give a slight smile . don hmmm ... lookin’ good sha -vaaan . she walk past but Don keep watch she . she eventually turn into the girl 's room but look back at Don before she entar . don caught yah ! he laugh as they keep slowly walk . don ( continue ) she want my dick . benny yeah sure ... like every other girl .at this school . she be look at I , anyway . don shiiit , man , I get so much pussy ... I should be ban from this place . benny ban for be such a pussy ? ( continued ) continued : don fuuuck you man . int : girl ‘s bathroom - day shavonne , jodi , and kaye be hang out in the bathroom . kaye and jodi share a cigarette while shavonne primp in the mirror . shavonne . , . yeah , he act all cocky now but do you notice when he poke he head in the room a little while ago , he do not even look at I ? ( a beac ) forget he . goor be Randy floyd go out with anyone right now ? shavonne I do not think so . I do not know about that guy . watch he in action - he 's like a polititian . jodi just because a guy be not like the neanderthals you like . I mean , you basically do not like any guy whose iq approach triple digit . before shavonne can respond , kaye jump in . kaye . you know , this be really pathetic . all you ever talk about be guy . everything be always guy - go to watch guy do whatever it be they be do at the time , get all dress up so maybe some guy will notice you ... do you think guy spend one - tenth the time we do think and catering to we ? Hell no ... they be too busy do thing besides preparation for we ... what do we do ? sit around and plot about they in some way or another . shavonne . yeah , but look at the shit they do : play sport , fix up they car , ... it 's all bullshic anyway , who can take it serious ? ( continued ) of : 10 . 1 6 continued : jodi ' we do not have any choice but to take whatever they do serious . kaye exactly . ( to shavonne ) and there you be in class with they try to list all the gilligan 's Island episode without even a hint of irony . . shavonne , what the hell be you talk about , girl ? } . kaye you never think about that show ? it 's what 's call a male | . pornographic fantasy . think about ! it ... you be basically alone on a island with two readily available woman ... one a seductive , sex - goddess type , the other a healthy , of girl - next - door type with a nice — butt . so , guy have it all - the madonna and the whore , and what do woman get ? nothing . a geek , a over - weight middle age guy , a nerdy scientific type ... that be all type that you typical male feel least threaten by . so in the male viewer mind , he put himself on the island and he can have it 1 all . a woman put herself on the island and she 's bored shitless . | : shavonne you be really full of it . first off , you forget Mr. and Mrs. . howell , and second , the audience be probably half woman , anyway . kaye my point exactly . woman be teach i to not mind be bored as long as thay be occasionally acknowledge . ( think ) . and be strand on a island await rescue be a total metaphor for the position in which most woman be put in in this society a _ today . jodi walk over to kaye . ( continued ) 1 6 continued : ( 2 ) jodi you know , ever since you spend spring break with you sister at college you have have this fuck actcicude ... kaye suddenly seem to realize she 's go maybe one step coo far and pull back a litele . kaye well excuse I for think abouc j thing a liccle ... jodi ! yeah , that 's it ... stop think so , | much . | . shavonne {to kaye ) . | : you need to get laid . from the hall , benny can be hear . 1 . benny ( 0.s ) _ of pink ! we be off to raise hell . ~~ let 's go , man ! jodi hear they and walk out . 7 int : hallway - day jodi walk out in the hall and see benny , Don , and pink walk away . she catch up to they . jodi '' hey , benny . you guy take it easy on my little brother ... benny I get room for he initial right here . he show she he board and all the guy laugh a bit . | . jodi just do not get he any more than anyone else . don okay , okay , you win . even though Mitch be a card - carry smartass , _ as a personal favor to you , because a we like you so much , we will take it easy on he . ( continued ) — C 7 continued : 12 . jodi but he 's not a smartass ... no more than any other eighth grader . pink so you have we word . Little brother will be okay . jodi I be just kind of worried about he . sounded like everyone want to kill he . pink bye . jodi bye . thanks . jodi walk back to the other while che guy turn and continue on . as soon as jodi be . far enough away not to hear chem , Don look up at benny with a kind of mischievous grin on he face . - don bullshit ? . benny Major bullshic ! he 's a dead man . they all laugh . pink man , this place be vacant . all the senior go on they senior trip ... benny I be glad that loser be go . this be what it 's go to be like all next year ... US run this place . don really ... benny you guy hear -about 0 's bannion ? ' pink yeah , what a dumb-shic . on the way out the door , they pass a group of three young vietnamese girl . benny do a double take . of . 13 . 8 ext : high school parking lot - day benny , Don , and pink walk up to pink 's truck . ' . benny . -.. but that 's my poinc . we be cotally be over - run by that vietcong . why do not they just stay the hell where they be ? we do not ' need ‘em . on top of the building in the background be the depart senior obligatory ' senior prank '' ~ a outhouse with ' srs . 76 * paint on the side . pink look up at it as they begin to get in he truck . pink witty guy ... . don shotgun ! | : before Don get in the truck , he reach over , pull up the tarp , ! and glance under it . don how 's ronnie doin’ today ? 9 ext : road to junior high - day as they drive along , pink try to explain the Vietnam situation to benny without be too condescending . pink .., well maybe because we country have something to do with fuck up 1 . where they live and the least we . could do be help out the one that get away . don now wait . the side we be fight for finally lose , right ? benny . but not while we be fight with they . : 10 ext : junior high - day they pull up in front of '' Edgar Allen poe intermediate School 's and park . . -_ pink of everyone be bail out , but hey , ' when they lose we lose . ( continued ) continued : benny we never lose no war , man . pink when the communist croops swarm into saigon and everybody be run for they life , hold on to plane and push chopper into che sea and shit , it be all over . a defeat by any logical definition . benny tt might not have work out perfectly . but I bet we kill a to more of chem than they kill we , right ? benny position a speaker on top of pink 's truck and hit a switch on he cb . he reach for the mic . . pink yes ... we probably kill ler more of they than they do we . benny : that 's all I be say . with he board in one hand and the mic in the other , benny assume a confrontational pose face a wall of classroom that be all glass window , many of which be open . benny okay all you freshman wimp , listen up ! any of you ever hear of Fred o’bannion ? he be the meanest senior last year . I would have be the meanest senior this year except qo ' bannion just find out he 's go to be a senior again this next year . he flunk out and he 's really piss off about it ! I feel sorry for you guy . and because we feel sorry for you , we be go to take it easy on you . i£ you wait for we after school today , you will only get one lick from each of we . if you run like the coward you be , it 's open season all summer long . and Mitch kerr ... we be especially look for you ! you ass will be purple before this day be over ! 11 18. int : junior high classroom - day the room be buzzing as mitch kerr look out the window with a mixture of dread , fear and excitement . sitting near he be he friend tommy lawson and carl burn . a few seat away be geek # 1 and -geek # 2 , intensely play a juvenile fold - foorball game . ying aj ‘up paper carl you better get out of town , man . spend the summer with you grandparent or something . tommy you be go to show up to we game tonight , be not you ? mitch I be pitching . kind of have to . carl how should we inscribe you tombstone ? geek # 1 how ' bout '' bent over . '' he and geek # 2 giggle . Mitch and the other guy barely acknowledge they . mitch yeah right , piss -ant . ( to other ) it 's all because I supposedly smart - mouth some senior I have never meet , and because my sister be miss popularity ... why be not they after anyone else ? . carl they be , man , believe I . across the room , a group of freshman girl ( # 1 - # 4 ) be go over a list of that schedule to be pick up after school by the senior girl . sabrina davis , a little shy but more mature look than the other , sit away from the group but be . listen in somewhat . behind she be freshman girl # 5 who , like sabrina , be not in the ' inner circle . * freshman girl # 1 read aloud from the list . freshman girl # 1 ... nita , terri , jill. ( to sabrina and freshman girl # 5 ) ( more ) ( continued ) ~ = ~ 16 . 11 continued : freshman girl # 1 ( cont would ) sorry , look like you guy do not make it . -. ( co other ) okay , it say to wear clothes you do not mind get ruin ... freshman girl # 3 and I hear to never wear short or you knee will be skinned _ complecely off from air-raid so much , freshman girl # 4 you know tammy Jones be blind for all last summer ... . _ freshman girl # 1 after ic be all over last year jo Ann Gregory 's hair be matte so bad she have co have mose of it cuc off ... they let out a almost collective moan at what await they but be excited at the same time . sitting a few desk over , black classmate # 1 , # 2 , and # 3 be take this all in . black classmate # 1 girl , you gotta be crazy to let some big girl do that to you . black classmate # 2 you white girl be funny . black classmate # 3 and I would not let one of that senior guy whip my butt for no reason . nobody but my daddy 's ever do that . stand in the hallway try to get someone 's attention be CHRIS pentico , a fellow student . pentico hey , get Mitch . freshman girl # 3 look over at Mitch . freshman girl # 3 psst ! Mitch look over at she and then see pencico in the hallway hold up a set of key . ( continued ) 11 continued : ( 2 ) mitch awwriight ! pentico goc he brother 's car . carl thank god . | pentico point down the hall . mitch {to other ) he ’1ll be at the side door . Tommy walk up to the teacher , mr . lindsay , who be read over some papers . . tommy you know Mr. Lindsay , every second you let we out early increase we chance of survival exponentially . Mr. Lindsay look up and chen assume a new air , ready to say something wise to the young man . 's . co ~ mr. lindsay it 's like we sergeant cold we before one trip into the jungle : ( maniacal ) . '' Men , 50 of you be leave on this mission and 20 of you be not comin’ ack . '' the boy look up as if want to hear more . they do not . carl . : that 's it , end of story ? mitch that 's you send - off ? mr. lindsay you want more ? what do you want to hear ? tommy I do not know , what happen ? mr . lindsay pretty much whac he say . they all kind of look at each other and groan . 12 18. ext : high school practice field - Cay pink 's truck pull up near the practice field . several coaches be milling about when they notice a few of they prize specimen have arrive . coach clement , a older and rather stoic man be flankéd by coach alpert , who 's young , bigger , more aggressive and playful . he approach the guy as they get ouc of the cruck . coach alpert : any of you lady gonna be ready to play some football this come all ? benny I have be do so good in my English class , coach , I think I be go to take next fall off and . become a writer . they all laugh . coach alpert Boy , you could not write you name if it be not stencile on you locker . {to all of they ) now do not go get soft on I this summer ... sitting by a pool somewhere , chase the muff around ... they all laugh a little as they start walk back to the school . coach alpert break down ! benny automatically fall into a stance where he knee be bent , he fist be clench and hold firmly up near he face , almost karate- like . Don only slightly go through such ridiculous motion and pink not at all . coach alpert Hell , my grandmother 's quick and tougher than you panty - waist ... course she be 6'3 * , 250 and run a 4.5 forty . : notice pink 's poor attitude , coach clement suddenly rouse a little and point at he . coack clement Randy floyd , before next fall , you be in need of a serious attitude adjustment young man . ( continued ) 12 13 continued : Don and benny glance back at the coach and then at pink , who keep walk but do not say anything back , coach clement better get you priority straight and watch out with that other crowd you be run with . do not think we have not notice . as soon as they be all at a safe distance and walk tsward che school , the guy start to ride pink a litcle . . : . don priority ... benny ' a actitude adjustmenc ... . pink forget you guy . as they continue to walk , hudson higgins drive up near they . fred o’bannion be sit in the passenger side of the car . qo 's bannion benny , let 's go . benny . ( to Don and pink ) i.told o’bannion I have go over there with he and Hudson . pink later . benny head off while Don and pink enter the school . int . hallway - day Don and pink walk down the hall in no particular hurry . in he usual sogky way , Don look into various classroom along the way , acknowledge that he deem worthy of recognition . as a underclassman walk by , look a bit afraid of Don to begin with , Don act like he 's go to hit he . the underclassman react by cover himself up and brace for the blow . Don pull he punch , of course , and leave the underclassman to walk off cotally humiliate . he and pink keep walk like noch happen . soon they be at the door to pink 's class . pink I betcer put in a final appearance ... ( continued ) 13 14 20 . continued : dcn . who you get in here with you ? he look in and see the very cute and sensual leticia garcia sit near the door . __ don chi-chi ! come skip out . let 's go get naked ... she smile but shake she head ' no . " he stick he tongue out at she very suggestively . the teacher , ms . stroud , suddenly look out the door and begin to close it . ms . stroud take it somewhere else , Mr. dollar . ( to pink ) you grace we with you presence today Mr. floyd ? pink why not ... ( to Don ) see you up there lacer . don ( to floyd ) later pink. _ {to Ms. stroud ) . Ginny , I be meaning to ask you out . what be you do chis weekend ? it will be legal ... school 's out . she roll she eye a bit as he walk off smile and then close the door . Don continue down the hall but , without a audience , seem a little lonely , suddenly , mr . irvine walk around a corner and look straight at he . mr . irvine . Don , either get in a classroom or come to my office , right now ! don I be right here in Mrs. snelgrove 's . I be run a errand . he quickly duck into a classroom . int : classroom - day Don walk into the class and soon acknowledge pickford , Michelle , and julie danford sit in the back . ( continued ) 14 16 17 21. continued : he then walk up to the teacher , mrs . snelgrove , a old lady on the verge of retirement . she 's read a romance novel and do not even know he 's there until he speak up . con Mrs. snelgrove . Mr. irvine be out in the hall and request to speak to you briefly . possibly not even sure if Don be in she class or not , she get up and walk to the door . see nobody , she walk a little out into the hall . at this , Don suddenly shut the door behind she and lock it . as she knock on the door , he head to the back of the room and open a window . don hey , let 's get ouc of here . he hop out as pickford , Michelle , Julie , and several other follow . pickford let 's go . michelle we nre out of here . : julie cool ... ext : courtyard outside classroom - day other continue to hop out the window into a courtyard area and generally head to the parking lot . ext : courtyard - day try to get pink 's attention , Don tap on the glass of the window to he classroom . int : classroom - day Inside the classroom , the student be anxiously wait for school to let out . pink subtly head to the back of the room , open the window , and talk to Don . in the front of the class , Ms. stroud be sit and talk informally with a few of the more interested student . ( continued ) 17 } | | ' ( — ye | ; | 19 |! I 20 22. continued : ms . stroud .:- I do not think ic matter who finally get nominate , the Democratic candidate be go to win in the fall ... across the room , jodi , shavonne and darla wood plan they strategy . shavonne ( to Darla ) so all the supplies be in you truck ? darla just wait for the righe momenc . she smile in a sort of menace way . the beil finally ring but before everyone get go , Mrs. stroud signal for they to listen up to one last thing . ms . stroud just remember this summer , when you be be further inundate with all kind of american bi-centennial brouhaha : what we be really celebrate be the fact that a bunch of slave - own , aristocratic white male do not wane to pay they tax . ( smile ) have a good summer . int : hallway - day people dart out of the classroom and into the hall where scudent be trash it with extra paper and random content from they locker . Darla , jodi and shavonne all head for the parking lor . ext : high school parking lot - day Cars be start and music be blaring . Darla check to make sure they supplies in the back be secure while the other pile in . soon they be off . ext ; junior high - day outside the junior high , all hell 's break lose . some $ be run for they life as car of senior take off after they . some boy make it to they parent 's car or a school bus just ahead of the senior . Mitch , Tommy , and Carl all jump in pentico 's idling car . ( continued ) 20 22 23. continued : adam hirsh be carry lot of book and be lag behind chem a bit . I carl hurry up hirsh or we be gonna leave you ass ! hirsh make it to the car and they speed off . unfortunately , as they be pull out of the parking lot , they pull up right nexc to the car with o’bannion , benny and Hudson in it . almose simultaneously as they be spot , they all duck down in they seat in total horror . mitch shit ! thac 's they . let 's gee out of here . o’bannion can barely contain himself at the sight of the entire carload . o’ bannion shoowee ! duck on the pond ! pentico manage to pull out ahead of they but the chase be on . ext : junior high - day in contrast , the senior girl seem much more organize and orderly as they load up three truck with nervous and giggle freshman girl . before get in , the senior put pacifier in they mouth . with the truck almost full , jodi happen to notice sabrina stand nearby . jopr who be you ? sabrina ( look around ) uh , nobody ... I mean I be n'e on the list . jopri get in . sabrina look a little hesitant at first but soon get in the back of one of the truck . jodi give she a pacifier while freshman Girls # 1 and # 4 look a liccle miff that sabrina make the cut somehow . ext : suburban STREET - day in hot pursuit , the carload of senior be right behind pentico 's car , honk and wave they board in the air . ( continued ) co . . 24 . mo 22 ) continued : the nervous freshmen sit in pentico 's car like cage animal , - carl pentico ! lose that ass -wipe ! pentico I be try , man ! | he take a quick turn that the senior miss . 8ut , instead of back up or turn around , Hudson trenches through the yard cf a corner tot and be soon right behind pentico 's car again . ) | 23 ext : suburban STREET - day Inside pentico 's car , Mitch anxiously have he hand on the d . ' handle . the car suddenly slow down . oor 1 pentico . you better haul ass man ... to! good luck . ' — _ 24 ext : mitch house - day Mitch suddenly leap out of the car , run to he front door and vanish . the senior do not know what to think , q' bannion that little fucker ! fuck ! that be kerr ! ' benny damn ! ' 0 ! bannion that 's bullshit ! 25 ext : carl house - day when Carl jump out near he house , o’bannion be out of the car '' and right behind he . he quickly overtake he and be soon . stand ' between Carl and he front door , paddle in hand . oq 's bannion . Nice try , freshman ... and just for be so brave , I be only go to give you three lick . '' just as he start get he board ready , the front door open ( and carl 's mom be stand there with a shotgun . . ( continued ) 25 26 25 . continued : carl mom I do not think so , you creep ... Carl be horrify and embarrassed at he mother 's behavior . carl mooom ! carl mom get in the house , carl. ( to o’bannion ) now get the hell off my property . q’bannion be slightly shocked but soon amused at all this and just slowly back away with he hand up in the air a little . . . o’ bannion ( extreme sarcasm ) sorry , mar ’‘am . just make sure you son get home safely . you two have a pleasant afternoon . oh , and Carl , I will be see you around . he smile at Carl like ' I be go to kill you when I get the chance * and walk off . . ext : dairy queen parking lot - day the freshman girl be in a circle with the senior girl walk around they . the attitude of the senior girl vary from fun - loving to sadistic . Darla seem to have assume the role of tyrannical drill instructor . darla . you disgusting little freshmen slut ... AIR -raid ! the freshmen girl be on they stomach immediately . darla that be pitiful ! on you foot , you lazy little bitch ! as soon as they be all up , she yell again . D air-raid ! they drop again . darla . how do you punk ever make it out of junior high ? ( more ) {continued } 26 26 , continued : darla ( cont would ) the future of we high school be doom with loser like you no - count come in . now , let 's try it one more time ... most do not know exactly what she want and do not get up very quickly . darla that mean get up you worthless liccle bitch ! they all get up immediately . darla . air-raid ! they all be on the pavement quick than ever . darla well , we try , we give you a chance . but because you little prick tease can not quite follow instruction , we be go to have to try something else . she signal to several of the other who bring over ' the supplies . 's soon they be dump round of flour , syrup , ketchup , and vegetable oil all over they . occasionally one will crack a egg over someone 's head . meanwhile , in the crowd of amused onlooker , tony and Mike analyze the proceedings as they sip slush . tony .. what 's fascinating be the way not only the school , but the entire community support all this or at least turn they head . I mean , they apparently have permission to use this parking lot , no parent seem to mind ... mike and actually , the freshmen girl be even make to feel privileged to be participate . tony as be the freshmen guy who the senior want to bust the most . it 's the ultimate stamp of approval . ( continued ) 26 27 , continued : ( 2 ) back in the pack of girl , the senior have now pair off with the girl and be humiliate they individually . shavonne walk freshman girl # 1 over to pink , who 's stand there with Don and some of the other . shavonne , propose cto Mr. floyd . freshman girl # 1 get down on she knee . freshman girl 41 will you marry I ? . pink ( smile ) well , I dunno ... what will you do for I ? freshman girl # 1 anything you want . pink anything ? freshman girl # 1 anything . Don whisper something in pink 's ear . they both laugh a bit . don he want to know if you swallow or spit ? she 's not even sure what he 's talk about . freshman girl # 1 uhh , whatever you like . pink okay , I guess I will marry you . while freshman girl # 4 be push a egg across the parking loc with she nose , Darla be give freshman girl # 3 a hard time . poke she in the breast . darla what be this ? freshman girl # 3 uhhh ... well ... a bit confuse , she look at Darla 's rather flat chest . freshman girl # 3 maybe you would not know ... ( continued ) she , 26 be , 27 , 28. continued : ( 3 ) . |. darla air-raid smarcass ! she do . darla get up ! when she do , Darla poke she again even harder . darla they nre scill here . keep air - raid ' till I get tired ! she hit the pavement again while a little farther away a small group of freshmen be make to sing '' flaming mamie * to the crowd . freshmen chorus " I be a flamin ' mamie , I be a bedtime baby , I be the hot Little momma in town ... " ___ _darla now sing ' senior 's ! . freshmen chorus ' senior , senior , s8-e-n-i-o-r-s , senior , senior , $ -e@-n-i-o-r-s , they be the senior of 8.h.s . they be the senior and they be the best , senior , senior , s-e - n- i-o - re ... '' ext : field near dairy queen - day we suddenly see the going on from a great distance , through binocular . then we see the freshman geek # 2 hand the binocular over to geek # 1 , who quickly zero in on the action . they be in a field that overlook the parking lot . : geek # 2 . man , they be really get it ! terri be push a peanut across the parking lot with she nose . geek # 1 ha ! Jill just get a egg crack over she butt ... they both chuckle . suddenly , benny and Hudson appear behind then . ( continued ) of 29 , 27 continued : benny hold it right chere you little fuck - i _ wad ! ! they freeze , terrify . hudson + what be you guy do up here ? . spy on you classmate ? benny what grade you in ? geek # 2 go into 8th , sir . benny bullshit ! you be freshmen ... ' : geek # 1 y no it 's true . hudson . then why the fuck be you up here of in the weed ? ~ t geek # 1 the only reason we be up here be we : didn ‘c want to be mistaken for ! freshmen . benny 1 you be lie ... bend over . , geek # 2 ' oh man ... hudson ' you do not want to get bust ? tell ' ug something useful . where be all 1 you little rat gonna be hide tonight ? | geek # 1 ' uh , there 's a party tonight at the \' Catholic ree room . hudson we already know that shit , that 's easy . tell we something we do not know , like where we can get kerr . oo the two geek look at each ocher but be not sure what to say . ( continued ) 30 . 27 ° continued : ( 2 ) senny that 's ic . Bend over and kiss you ass goodbye . geek # 2 ' ne know where micch be go to be . benny and Hudson look at each other like ' bingo . * hudson well maybe now you be talkin’ a litcle bit . benny where ? geek # 1 . you will not bust we ? benny tell we and I might cut you some slack . geek # 1 you will not bust we ? _ hudson tell I where I can find kerr tonight and I will not bust you . they both hesitate a bit at the think of inform , but geek # 1 finally give in . geek # 1 he 's pitching in the 8 o'clock game . : benny well , well , what do you know . geek # 2 we can go now ? geek # 1 start to move away but be quickly cut off by benny . benny . now hold on a second , just hold on a little bic there . ( mock seriousness ) something you guy say disturb I a little . lec I get this straight - maybe I 'ma little slow ...° ( more ) ( continued ) I 27 continued : ( 3 ) { _ benny ( cont would ) okay , first you guy lie to we , . you senior , that you be not 4 = freshmen , and then you narc on a good friend of yours .:. be that | right ? i sense a no-win situation , they give no response . . benny \k ( get madder ) fe I think there 's only one thing I ' hate more in this world than a liar ' and that 's someone who would tocally rip-off a friend . | ( instructional ) i ! assume the angle . , geek # 1 ' . you guy say you would not bust we ! i hudson i I say I would not bust you ... ' . benny a I do not promise shit . grab you ankle ! '' they both reluctantly and nervously bend over and brace | themselves for pain . benny . and as they say , this be go to 4 hurt you a lot more than it 's go } : : to hurt I . he give they each a major whack . ; _. hudson '' air-raid ! it they both hit the ground and then get up for another whack of senny 's board vn 28 ext : dairy queen parking lot - day | back at the parking lot , tony and Mike continue to contemplate 1 all that 's go on around they , enjoy it at the same time . tony ... I believe it 's because we do not have a significant rival high on school within 30 mile of we ... '' more ( continued ) ' 28 32 . continued : tony ( Cone would ) you know , most school have a cross - town rival or the next town over be the mutually agree upon '' evil other * in which one can project all hostility and blame . mike .-. so it 's like we have declare war on ourselves ... feed off we own . tony : exactly - under the guise of a initiation ritual . just then , jodi bring sabrina over to propose to tony . sabrina shyly get down on she knee in front of he . sabrina will you marry I ? tony seem a little awkward at firse but soon get in che swing of the game . : tony ( to Mike ) what be I suppose to say here ? : ( mock himself ) so , uhhh , what will ya give I ? sabrina anything you want . ' tony define anything . sabrina whatever you want . tony | think of the possibility ... there seem to be a attraction between they . since jodi have wander off , tony gesture for she to stand up . tony so really , . what 's you name ? ; sabrina sabrina . tony I be tony . Anthony , actually . this be Mike . ( continued ) | 28 33. continued : ( 2 ) mike hey . sabrina hi. jodi wander back over . jodi so what 's go on over here , social hour ? I be suppose to be be a bitch right now , ( co sabrina ) _ back to the pit , kid . sabrina glance back at tony as she 's be march away . ' tony kind of wave bye cto she and she sort of wave back in a shy but ' slightly teasing manner . . mike be I mistaken or do you just catch a bit of a rap with that young thing . ( sarcastic ) you stud ... tony {mock cocky ) well , you know how it be . mike I bec she 's pretty cute once you clean all thac shit off she . ( realize ) it 's finall happen , . . we be senior . ey all now be all kind of young girl who think we be cool just by virtue of we age and senior status . _ tony I guess it 's some sort of a compensation for all this tortuous year of neglect . you have to admit , despite we accomplishment in other area , we do not have a whole lot to show for ourselves in the female category . Mike see a opportunity to build he case for they go out later that night . ( continued ) ' 28 29 34 . continued : ( 3 ) mike yeah and it 's pretty tough wnon you never want to put yourself in a position of maybe something happen . maybe if we leave che poker table one weekend night and do something else , maybe something would have the opportunity of happen . and then you might jusce experience something a little more tangible than a abraham lincoln ream ... tony and maybe if you would not set che dialectic up in such simple and confrontational term , just maybe I could do it and not feel bully into it . you could use a Thomas jefferson dream . ext : dairy queen parking lot - day on the other side of the parking lot , o’bannion come walk over to where benny , Hudson , Don and some other be swapping they first round of senior - guy bond storey . hudson ... man , benny wear they butt out . oh lord do he bust they ass ... the other laugh . o’bannion . do you hear I get a shotgun pull on my ass ? don no ! who ? o’ bannion that guy I wene after . what 's that little fucker 's name ... Carl something . hudson Carl burn . oq 's bannion yeah , that 's it . burn . the door go fly open and he old lady 's stand there with a fuckin’ shotgun . I say whooah bitch . ( continued ) _~ . 29 continued : the other laugh . 0 's bannion : . I can not wait cto find thac fucker . he 's dead meat . he simulate swinging he board and give a big whack to someone . ' 0 " sannion { and here 's one for you mother , '' motherfucker . ' laughter . ! 30 ext : car wash - later afternoon ie the truck full of freshmen go through a automatic car wash , u Cleaning off the girl . they sing °s-e-n-i-o-r-s ' as they go i . through . ' , 31 . ext : darlan truck - day of ~~ the freshmen girl be be drive home . in the back of Darla 's ' truck , jodi sit with sabrina and some of the other freshmen . | jodi ' do you have a big sister yet ? sabrina at no . I really do not know anyone . ' I and mom just move here about i| : 3 ix month ago . . t jodi , what do you mom do ? ' ( a little uncomfortable ) something to do with a hotel . her ; and ny dad get divorced and we move . , sabrina | 4 ' jodi uv which house be it ? j sabrina look out at the neighborhood . sabrina this one here . 32 33 34 36 . ext : near sabrina 's house - day the truck pull up in frone of several house . jodi I know it 's kind of corny , but '' ' be suppose to have a littie sister by now . what do you chink ? sabrina smile . sabrina yeah sure . jopr and I and some friend be go to a party conight . wanna come ? . sabrina yeah , that sound fun . jodi we will probably be by around 8:30 . be that cool ? sabrina yeah . . the truck drive off and sabrina begin to walk up the driveway . she watch the truck disappear into the distance and then veer around the house to a small trailer out back . int : sabrina's house - day Inside , she pass she mom on the way to she room . her mother wear a may 's dress and sit watch tv with a drink in she hand and a cigarette burn . she do not seem to notice that sabrina be wet and dishevel . sabrina 's mom hi honey ... sabrina hi. sabrina walk to she room . ext : pickford house - day pink knock on pickford 's front door while he parent be . load up the family station wagon . his mother notice he . pickford ‘s mom be you look for keith ? ( continued ) 34 i 35 continued : pink yeah , be he here ? . pickford 's mom go on in . I think he 's here . int : pickford 's house - day pink let himself in and walk down the hall . he come :o pickford 's door and knock . the door crack a bit and we see pickford 's paranoid glance . see pink , he open the door . they do one of they patent slow , cool handshake as he enter he room of rock star poster , centerfold , and surrealistic print . Michelle sit in a bean - bag chair with headphone on . ' pickford piiink ... pink my man ... pickford go back over to the door and lock it by stick a ice pick in a hole - in the fxame that act like a dead -bolt . he then go over to he bottom drawer and remove it completely . in the space below the bottom drawer , he pull out he stash . he grab a pre-roll joint off he frisbee tray and light it up afcer he hand pink a full bag . pickford a sample of the goods ? pink cool ... he take a hit and pass it back . pickford Fifteen buck ... as pink hand over some cash , there 's a sudden knock at the door . he panic , quickly hand the joint back to pickford , who cry to remain calm as he quietly but quickly start put everything away . pickford who be it ? pickford 's mom ( 0.s. } keith , I think you need to come out ere . pickford what be it ? ( continued ) 35 36 37 38 . continued : pickford mom i0.S. ) there 's someone here that say he need to talk to you . pickford what about ? who be it ? he finish put everything away and even give a little quick spray of some air freshener . then there 's a loud knock at the door and he father 's voice ring out . pickford dad ( 0.s. ) keith ! open the door . pickford pull out the ice pick lock and open the door . at the last minute pink remember he have a bag of pot in he hand and stuff ic down the front of he pants . pickford who 's out there ?: pickford ‘s dad , a rather large man semi-fashionably dress in a leisure suit type outfit , step into the room . pickford 's dad do you order some keg of beer ? suppress a panic , pickford walk over to he window and look out . ext : pickford 's house - day we see pickford 's p.o.v. out the window . there be a guy unload keg from he liquor truck . pickford ( under he breath ) mother fucker ... ( to father ) that guy say I have something to do with that keg ? ext : pickford 's house - day outside , pickford walk right up co he . oblivious to the situation , the delivery guy pull out some paperwork . delivery guy _ be you the right Mr. pickford ? pickford be so angry he be practically chew he tooth . ( continued ) of : 39 . 37 continued : pickford ( low voice ) be not you a little early ? the delivery guy look at the paperwork . delivery guy oh , hour and a half early . I be trying.to get off early today so I think I no swing by and see if anyone be here . pickford glance around and notice he parent be now watch they interaction . pickford : .».50 , I guess you get the wrong , house ... the Delivery guy finally catch on when pickford mocion with he eye to he parent . delivery guy yeah , okay . sorry for the of inconvenience . wrong Mr. pickford '' ~~ altogether ... he start load the keg back up and pickford walk up the driveway . pickford 's dad ( serious ) be you go to have a party here tonight , son ? pickford . no . I do not know what that be all about . . pickford dad ( to pink ) do you know anything about a party here ? pink ' I have not hear anything ... his father look at both of the young man for a extend moment ' and then over at the keg be load up . he look back at chem and then make a decision , shaking he head . pickford 's dad . =~ start unpack - we be not go ~ this weekend . ( continued ) 37 40 . continued : ( 2 ) he walk away . F ke ! pickford ‘s mom rank ! pickford see there be little he can do at this point j stand there , practically in shock . ° and just pickford {low voice ) I can not believe what just happen ... pink bummer . let 's cruise . series of shot as the sun go down and the music crank up , we see various early evening activity : a ) the light go on at the sonic drive - through as a car cruise through . B ) the light go on at the baseball field where game be be play . Mitch be pitching in he game . C ) as they prepare for the evening , jodi go over to shavonne and with a pair of plier help zip up she almost physically impossible tight jeans . E ) o’bannion , benny , and Hudson pop the top on some beer as they drive around . F ) pink , pickford , and slater pass a joint and watch Michelle in the process of painting the Ronald McDonald statue black , white , and red of a unspecified design . pink take off . G ) tony set out chip around the poker table while Mike make a phone call and royce straighten up portrait of Washington , lincoln , and Kennedy that hang on tony 's live room wall . h ) at the baseball field , senior with they board begin to congregate by the dugout fence while Mitch pitch . I ) freshman Girls # 1 - # 4 take turn blow drying they hair , practice dance , and do tongue exercise . J ) jodi , kaye and shavonne pick up sabrina as she sit on the curb wait . k ) stoner # 1 and # 2 knock on pickford 's door with the three foot long bong in they hand . when pickford 's father open the door , they look at he , then at each other , and practically sprint away . ' 38 xt : baseball field - night Tommy , the catcher , approach the mound to talk to Mitch who look past the dugout and see the intimidating line of senior yo line up with they board . tommy hey , do not worry about that | guy ... let 's just get this laste 1 guy out . hi mitch ! yeah , easy for you ass to say . ' tommy '' there 's nothing you can do about ac . be '' mitch how would they all know I be go to mn be here ? ! , tommy - hey , forget they . you be pitching a good game . ( joke ) ~ just cause you be 's not go to be able to sit down the rest of the summer , do not let it affect you | concentration , | mitch ' up yours ... 1 jhe Tommy smile and run back to the plate while Carl , the 1 : shortstop , come to the mound . ' : carl hey Mitch . can you do the rest of yi we a favor and leave through the io : gate in center field . that will | draw they all out there and the rest of we can get away . I mean , they be go to get you anyway . mitch get out of here . carl . i but if you survive , cry to make it to the party , okay ? en I think we be all camp out behind Tommy 's house . i '' o’bannion . '' hey kerr ! quit stalling ! ( continued ) 38 39 42 . continued : benny ; hope you get more chan a jock strap on under you uniform , kerr ! Tommy run back to he pos : cion and Mitch wind up and pitch . Strike two . oq 's bannion do not choke now , kerr ! if you do not get this guy out we be really go to wear you out ! Mitch throw strike three to end the game . amidst the hoopla , he just stand there not know where to go . eventually he get :n the line where the two team walk down a row tell each ocher " good game * but glance over at the group of senior who be now shadow he . after he last ' good game , * in which one of the guy on the other team say ' good luck , ' he pick up he stuff near the dugout , barely look around , and then slowly walk toward the center field gate . the senior quickly head that way . ext : baseball field - night later , past the centerfield 's fence , the senior be like a group of wild animal feed . they take turn give Mitch lick as he lean against a car . when they be through , they get in they car and truck and take off . pink walk up as the last guy , Hudson , be give Mitch lick . hudson you next , pink ? pink yeah . he borrow Hudson 's board and stand behind Mitch , who look up at pink wonder if he 's go to bust he . his eye be completely red and watery . hudson hey you hear pickford 's party get bust ... pink yeah . '' hudson total rip -off , man . his old man find out . someone narce . pink pull the board back all the way like he be go to hit Mitch hard but bluff and stop a inch from he rear end . ( continued ) ( 43. : 39 continued : he then give he the si:shcesc tap and hand the board back to h Hudson . hudson buc hey man , we get a coupla sixer ' and a few dube ... you with we ? | pink l T all probably catch up with you later . ii | hudson 1 later , man . I Hudson cake off to catch up with the other . 1 . pink hey man , you need a ride ? Mitch seem surprised at he friendliness and then look around a bic . i : mitch . yeah , I think everyone leave I . ie ~~ * . he wipe he nose and eye on he sleeve and be still hold ' back tear . ' 40 int : floyd 's truck ~- night for a litele later , pink and Mitch be drive along . ! pink toe . ... Z remember they catch my ass after baseball practice . actually , it 's best to get a lot at one time . after about 10 , you butt get so id numb you might as well get it over with . mitch | : yeah ... pink . 's I have some cool senior , though . they would bust the hell out of you fj then take you out , get you drunk ... ! stuff like that . mitch cool . oe ( continued ) 40 41 42 44 . continued : pink since the party be not happen , I and some other guy will probably end up riding around . want we to eruise by and get you ? mitch think it 's safe ? pink yeah , should be . after you get it bad , even the guy that have not bust you yet will give you a few day . it would be a cool move to go out and let ‘em know it do not bother you chat much . ext : mitch 's house - night they pull up to Mitch 's house where he get out . pink be by in a hour and a half or so ... . mitch cool . thanks for the ride , man . ' pink sure . hey , put some ice on it for about a hour . after that it will be neching a few beer can not take care of . pink speed off . int : MAIN drag - nigkt Inside jodi 's car , the girl be jammin ' to the isley brother 's '' fight the power . * jodi be drive and check out everyone they drive past . kaye be in the passenger seat while sabrina sit in the back just kind of check everything out . a carload of girl , drive by Julie , pull up beside they . julie ( to kaye and jodi ) do you guy know the party be cancel ? kaye yeah . ( continued ) 42 43 4s . continued : julie nobody tell we anything ! we just go by there and he father yelied ~ at we . they drive away and be soon replace by a carload of guy , party guy # 1 , party guy # 2 , and a aggressive jerk we will come to know later as clint . the driver , Party guy # 1 , quickly check they out and make extend eye contact with sabrina before drive ° . party guy # 1 I like the one in the back seat best . they pull away but sabrina be perk up a bit . ' sabrina what do he say ? kay® and jodi decide to give sabrina a hard time . jodi who , chat gy ? I think he say something like , ° the one in che back seat look like a dyke !* they both howl with laughter . sabrina no he do not ! kaye yeah , you be right , he actually say : . ( mock drawl ) '' look like the one in the back seat could suck the chrome off a trailer hitch .* they both shriek with laughter again . sabrina yeah , that 's exactly what he say . int : tony's house - night the guy be in the middle of a hand , but , as usual , be more focus on they conversation than on win another quarter . mike — ... I / m just say , once you be label , that 's it . ( more ) ( continued ) 43 a6 . continued : mike ' cont would ) High school kid do not seem to be able co comprehend muit : facete " personality ... _ tony sound like sour grape to I ... royce ( to Mike ) so how have you be label ? ( to tony ) who 's play be it ? mike tony 's . royce then go already . tony pull out a pocket calculator and punch in some number before decide to throw in a couple of chip while Mike continue . mike you know , just like tony ... the slightly wimpy , slightly nerdy type . woman be the worst when it come to that . ask any high school girl what quality she look for in a guy and she all say , ‘oh , that he 's intelligent , sensitive , have a good sense of humor . * but that next day that same itl will be walk down the hall get feel - up some brain - dead gorilla linebacker . Mike fold . tony ' the only way to compete be to start a rumor you nre hang like a horse or something . after royce toss in a few chip , tony reveal he win hand and scoops up the pot . mike what be I even still do here ? tony ( to Mike ) | what do Cynthia gay when you talk to she earlier ? ( continued ) -— - 47 . 43 continued : ( 2 ) mike she 's go to come by here and we be go to go by that parcy . you guy can stay here al ! nighc , play card , and then go home and yank it as always . tony for the record , I never say I be oppose to go out anywhere ... royce I either ... mike well then good - it 's decide . royce start deal the next hand . royce five card drool . ( to Mike ) you brief derogatory allusion to masturbation make I remember a think I have the other day in reference to that subject . tony and Mike lower they card and look around at each other like ' this should be interesting .* royce be not it funny how everybody do it but if someone happen to catch you ... Mike and tony exchange glance as if royce speak from personal experience . royce ( continue ) +. you get treat like some kind of sicko . tony but it 's like practice for the real world . the same principle be at work in politics ... mike Politics be the real world ? ( continued ) ~ 43 , . '' 44 a oa 45 48. continued : ( 3 ) tony ( continue ) ..- for example , all che stuff Kennedy do be okay because he dic not get catch , but tricky - Dick get nab and they make he pay or it . royce and Mike kind of look at tony like they be wonder which side he 's on . tony . not that I minded he pay for it , of course . in fact , I gotta go take a Nixon right now . he get up from the table and walk to the bathroom . ext : mitch ‘s house - night reving up in frone of Mitch 's house be a jack - up nova drive by bobby wooderson . slater sit in the passenger seat and pink be in the back seat . the car honk a few time impatiently before Mitch appear and head toward the car . int wooderson be car - night Mitch hop in che back seat of the car and they get go . mitch {to pink ) whose wheel ? pink you know Bobby ? wooderson ( to Mitch ) hey man . _ mitch how 's it go ? already seemingly stone , slater turn to Mitch . slater . say man , you get a joint ? Mitch look over at pink and then back at slater . mitch nahhh . not on I . ( continued ) 45 46 CA 8 49 . continued : slater it would be a lot cooler if you do . ext : emporium - night they pull up into the emporium parking lot and all get cut . slater ... that stoner pickford 's in there . I know he 's get some weed . Mitch look a bie in awe of the whole set as they walk up to the door . mitch , sure I be safe in this place ? pink it all be fine , just play it cool if anybody start messin’ with you . int : emporium ~ night . they walk in the emporium at the apex of the night 's activity . every pool table and the all row of foosball table be occupy as Dylan 's '' Hurricane '' rage on the multi-speaker stereo jukebox . everyone else be milling around talk or watch other play but continually look around to see who 's come and go . much of the room 's focus be on the main table where elvis spivey be play . wooderson head over to elvis 's table while pink and Mitch follow slater over to the foosball table where pickford be play and several other , include Michelle , be hang out . pickford slam home a '' pull shot * and then look up from the table with a confident , cocky attitude . pickford slater , pink , happnin 's ' ? slater prickford ... you winnin’ ? pickford be I winnin 's ? you know better than to ask I such a question ... - he pop the ball back into play and almost immediately bank a shot in for a score . pickford ( continue ) | toyin 's with the chill ... ( continued ) 47 continued : slater bummer about you party ... pickford what can I say ? much abuse . it 's beyond I - the delivery quy brick . Dead issue . so where you boy comin ' from ? pink ridin 's around with wooderson . slater say man , I wag hopin’ to score a dube or two from you . he put the ball into play . pickford . after I school this boy , I will be ready to take a reefer break myself ... he cockily swat the ball back and forth all over the table between he various man and then do a goalie ' toe shot 's the length of the table for the score . pickford . I amaze myself sometimes on this table . . ( to pink ) hey man , you need to see the finish product . . ( to slater and Michelle ) let ' 's go drive it around front . pickford and slater head outside while pink and Mitch lag behind because pink stop briefly to talk to Julie . pink Julie ... julie hey ... pink ( gesture ) you know Mitch ? julie oh yeah , I just hear about you . be you all right ? ( continued ) 47 48 continued : ( 2 ) mitch yeah . whac kind of scuff do you hear ? . julie you know ... usual report . mitch geeze . julie well , I be in che process of make my way across the room so maybe T will see you guy later . . pink all right . later . mitch bye . she give Mitch a sort of double - take as she walk away . Mitch watch she walk across the room and then interact with a group of older guy . as Mitch and pink stare gravitate toward the front door , she look over at he again . pink stop at the pool table where Don be in a game and gesture for he to come outside . ext : emporium parking lot - night pickford , slater , and Michelle drive the truck into the parking lot . a jarge object cover with the tarp ride in the bed of the truck . pickford pull right up front and then turn go as to best display the content in tha back to the people stand around . everyone 's curiosity be pique as pickford get out of the truck and hop in the back for the unveil . pickford you guy ready ? the crowd respond favorably and at the right moment , he and slater jerk away the tarp . unveile be the Ronald McDonald statue recently transformed into gene simmon of kiss with the roperly paint face , black outfic and menace grin , everyone fowl a approval . they soon get out of the truck and mix into the crowd . while Mitch kind of stand against the wall , slater , pickford , and pink be sit on the hood of pickford 's car . Don walk over to pink. don who paint that ? ( continued ) ou : 52 . '' 48 '' continued : : pink 1 Michelle , mostly . ' . don cool . ( a beat ) on hey man , they be onto we . someone be listen to the police : band and say they hear the cop ' be lookin’ for Ronald . ao pink really ? 's shic . : don yeah , they say that it be two to . young caucasian male in a pick - up truck . pink somebody must ' have rip we off . slater look over at don. _ | slater . , hey , pickford 's get a dube we be about to go burn ... you with we ? : don '' ten-four on burn some weed . ( to pickford ) i V. you drive ? oy pickford 1 I reckon ... , they 's start to get in the car as slater look over at Mitch . i slater you cool , man ? | Mitch do not quite know what he 's get at . . mitch y like how ? ' slater man , be you cool ? mitch { I guess so ... ot slater hop off the car and go over co the other while pink walk over to Mitch . { continued ) 48 continued : ( 2 ) pink he be just ask if you get high . : mitch like smoke pot ? ' pink ve yeah . mitch , oh. {a beat ) T never have ... but ... Don and slater start to pite into pickford 's car . pickford kiss Michelle goodbye before she walk toward the emporium . pink ! . ( to Mitch ) ) it 's no big deal , really . you ' usually do not even get high the , first few time . en : pickford . , oa pink , you with we ? , i , pink I think I nil hang here for a bit . catch up with you later . ' pickford to whatever , man . L ( to other ) . let 's rock and roll ... pink and Mitch head back inside . pickford get behind the wheel 4 but slater suddenly remember something , t slater oh hey , wait up . he quickly run back over to wooderson 's car , reach into he | tape box , and pull out ZZ top 's * fandango ! * as he walk back across the parking lot , we hear the live introduction to the 's first song on the album , * thunderbird .* 1 series of shot a ) we see the 8 - track tape in the deck and as we hear the word : 22 top on '' get high everybody get high . get high everybody get high . get high everybody get high . : mo ! ( continued ) 48 '' 49 $ 4. continued : ( 3 ) ZZ top ( conc would ) get high everybody get high . have . you hear ? what 's the word ? it 's thunderbird ...* B ) the same guy riding around , take hit from the joint . ¢€ ) Mitch stand next to pink and wooderson watch a pool game . he take a big gulp of beer noc far froma sign chat say '' Te be illegal for minor under the age of 18 to consume alcohol on this premise . " D ) jodi , kaye , and sabrina at the sonic . as jodi spike they coke with some rum , shavonne get out of another car and get in with they . € ) tony win a big hand at the poker table . ext : MAIN drag - night when we return co the car with pickford , Don , and slater , they be engage in a high -speed game of ' cat and mouse 's with a carload of girl . they dart in and around other car and dangerously weave in and out of traffic just to keep up with or lose the other car . don let 's cruise by the 8th grade party , we might get a sit duck or two . at a traffic light , they see they be next to shavonne , sabrina , jodi , and kaye . don hey man , roll down you window . watch I catch a quick rap . ( to girl ) — hey , whact 's happnin ' ? shavonne what be you guy up to ? slater oh , a little weed ... jodi we hear there might be a beer- bust later . pickford cool . the light change . ( continued ) 49 's . continued : shavcnne well , I guess we will see you guy one place or the other . slater check you later . don later . ( to slater ) why be you always such a fuckin ' dork ? nimitate him} see you later . they do not want to hear chat shic . slater well chey do not want to hear anything , man - all the woman we age be little prude , anyway - it 's like they all get together and say ' let 's forget we biological urge . '' just to spite we . the woman in the class ahead of we be wild . we class - worthless . I bet other high school be not this bad ... : pickford sound like somebody have not get past the sniffin’ butt stage iately . slater I be tell you man , I can not wait to get to college . don I be gonna stay gettin’ it . pickford really . Walker say in they dorm room they get this list of girl they can call up at any time and they will come over and fuck . the guy become almost giddy at the think . 50 ext : junior high party - night as they . approach the party , they pull up next to o’bannion 's car where he , benny , and Hudson be already stake it out . ( continued ) so sl - yor -. ) -— — - ~~ - of - >- ) sé . continued : don hey man , any luck ? o’ bannion they gotta come out sometime . don really . benny dollar ! get a beer over here with you name on it . don I might hop in with they for a while . . pickford later . Don get out , walk over , and get in with they as slater and pickford drive away . ext : junior high party - night pickford pull past rather slowly . ' two young boy , smartass # 1 and # 2 , sit on the sidewalk smoking a cigarette . : pickford what grade you boy in ? smartass # 1 8th . smartass # 2 - ( correct he ) go into 8th . pickford _ ( insinuate ) there would not be any 8th grader go into 9th inside now would there ? the smart -ass they be finally emerge . # 1 slowly take the cigarette from # 2 , take a drag , and then calmly flick the ash off . smartass # 1 I do not know , it 's not we day to keep up with they ... at this , pickford jump out of the car and run around to the two boy . he have a board with he . . 52 s7 . int : rec . CENTER - night cari and Tommy be look at the going on outside . carl shit - we be surround . tommy right after they leave might be a good time to get out of here . you ready to go ? they look back outside as pickford , after make a seemingly friendly gesture of put a hand on each of the boy shoulder , suddenly knock they head together . he hop back in the car and peel out . carl . let 's get outta here . tommy where 's loverboy ? they walk back through the party where the dance floor be fill with junior high kid who have be dance very slow to olivia Newton John 's * I honestly Love you . * the song change to bread 's '' make it with you 's and most of the dancer simply resume they dance in the same ' hugging * fashion . not. see they friend , they walk back to a adjacent room that be fill with pile of kid make out . tommy hey hirsh ! wherever the hell you be ... hirsh and freshman girl # 2 look up . hirsh : what ? tommy let 's go , man . hirsh slowly get up and walk over to they and calk in a low tone so she can not hear . hirsh . why do we have to go now ? I be just get start ... tommy ' Cause they be look for we ass . they be circle the place like buzzard but they just leave . it might be we best shot at make ic out of here alive . ( continued ) sa. continued : carl plus it 's time to ditch this place anyway . hirsh well maybe i'm have a good time ... carl dell then maybe you be not camp ouc with we later . ext : junior high party ~- night Tommy , Carl , and hirsh get to the front door and cautiously look gue . they slowly walk past che chaperone who 's wacch the oor . chaperone t£ you leave you can not come back ... carl good . tommy | we be never come back . hirsh man , I have my hand up she shire - I be get there . : carl get there ? {to Tommy ) : you hear that ? he be '' get there 's . ( to hirsh ) Son , you would not know what to do with it even if you do ' get chere * so do not worry about it . hirsh | just ' cause you guy be strike out . tommy grow up , boy . that be we last junior high party . we be freshmen now . we be in the big time ... ( smile ) where all the girl put out . you day of lie around pull congue all night be over . 54 55 ext : ' back STREET - night as chey turn the corner and continue walk down the street chey notice they be be trail in the distance by a car with ics light off . they say nothing but glance nervously at each other . sudderity the light come on and che car be afcer they . carl shic ... tommy scatter ! they take off in separate direction . the car happen to £0} : in hirsh 's direction before o’bannion jump out and physically run he down . o’ bannion . where you runnin’ to boy ? we be not gonna hurt you ... tell you what , you just grab onto chat fence and start count the star . you might be see some new one up there pretty quick ... he laugh sadistically . sti}l nervous , but resign to he fate , hirsh do as he say . he bend over a little and 0 's bannion give he the first big whack . at a safe distance , Carl and Tommy watch hirsh get bust . carl ( low voice ) bastard ... hirsh continue to get bust in the distance . ext : back STREET - night Riding around , jodi , shavonne , kaye and sabrina stop by where hirsh be get it . jodi take it easy on the boy why do not ya ... Don come over to the car as jodi and shavonne get out of che car . don lady ... : jodi hey . who 's this one ? ( continued ) we sume 55 36 60 . continued : don Adam hirsh ... catch he come out a of the junior high party . o'bannion , finally through with hirsh , start coward che car . as hirsh begin to walk away all the wnile re-adjusting he underwear , o'bannion grab a beer and toss it to he . o' bannion hey punk , have another present ! hirsh catch ict , and keep walk , slowly and painfully , take short breath and try not to cry too much . 0 's bannion this fuckin’ suck ! lase fuckin ' day of school and no party , no fuckin’ nothin . * shavonne you guy get any more beer ? don that 's the one thing that be go on . . Don walk over to the car , open the trunk which be basically one large ice chest , and pull out several beer . he hand a beer to each of the girl . he do not recognize sabrina but give she a flirtatious smile as he hand she a beer . don hey . sabrina . ( smile ) hi. a anonymous car speed by . voice from car fuck she , I do ! they peel out as o’bannion almost instantaneously take a step toward they and grab he crotch . o’ bannion suck I ! . int : tony 's car in suburban neighborhood - night in tony 's dad 's car , Cynthia have join the poker crowd as they drive around . they do not say much at first . ( continued ) continued : royce {to Cynthia ) fairly uneventful , huh ? royce ( to tony , continue ) tell she you theory about how President Ford 's old football head injury be effect the economy . tony do you know Ford be on the Warren Commission ? mike okay , I have a confession to make . you_know how for the last year or so I talk about go to law school so I could be a a.c.l.u. lawyer or be in a position where I could help people who be get fuck over ? well , as I be stand in line at the post office after school yesterday , the sudden realization hit I that I do not want to do that . I mean it sound good , but I really have to confront the fact that I do not much like the people I have be talk about elping in the future . I do not think I like people very much , eriod . I mean you guy be okay , ut I be just try to be honest about be a misanthrope . royce kind of roll he eye . tony ( co the other ) I think I gotta go take another Nixon . royce up here anywhere . the car pull up near a black nightclub call ' Elizabeth 's soul tony I can not believe you bail out on we , royce . just think of how you could be cruise around endlessly all night from the sonic to the emporium back to the sonic and then to the emporium . ( continued ) 56 57 62. continued : ( 2 ) cynthia okay , we get the point . tony ( sarcastic ) or maybe we will catch some freshman and bust they with we paddle . : royce a lictle too waspy for my caste . ( smile ) Drop I off here , man . tony keep drive and be soon right in front of the club . the guy milling around in front check ouc this car of white people . royce duck down a little . royce _ shit . pull up farther . tony finally snap to royce 's dilemma and pull up a way . tony oh ... . . royce be a bit amused at all this by the time he get out of the car . wha royce | a & be you try to do , get I kill ? 3 3 he walk away toward the club . ext : emporium - night jodi , sabrina , shavonne and kaye be stand outside talk . jodi {to shavonne ) ... I be not at all surprised you have a crush on Don . he 's a idiot . ( to other ) you know what he do in class the other day ? the teacher hand back the final ... he always have this system where he cheat off the person next to he and pay they ive dollar if he make a a , four dollar for a B , three dollar for ac , you know . well , he get back he test and he have make a D. ( more ) ( continued ) 63 . continued : jodi ( Cone would ) he be so mad at the the guy he have cheat off of . he say : ( imitate he ) why do n'e you tell I you be scupid ? they all laugh . jodi can you believe we be senior ? kaye not at all . even during the freshmanize this afternoon . [ ft do not feel right . jodi yeah , like we be imposter or something . kaye lean on che wall . kaye : it 's like , we senior - now they be senior . Nina , dralane , Kim cook ... that be the real thing . we , I do not know about . . jodi really . it feel to I like we just graduate from junior high . kaye it be at the senior 's graduation the other night , see they all in a bunch ... this weird panic pass over I , I think of just this . town , then all the high school in the state , then the whole country . million of we that will graduate next year and then be flood into college and then the real world . it 's like they 'il be too many of we . at some point it can not grow anymore , it just go bust . and then there will not be room for any of we . jodi I always wonder what other kid around the country we age be do or what they nre like . ( continued ) — — 64 . continued : ( 2 ) shavcnne or do you ever think like , what 's the guy I be go cto marry do right now ? kaye ( to shavonne ) the guy you be go to marry be probably just go into prison . shavonne right . a tran be pull up . shavonne . oh , that 's thac guy stacy 's be talk about . he 's like 26 or _ something . her mom do not know anything about it . jodi she say they have be work up to ic lacely ... stacy woodward kiss the older guy goodbye and get out of he car . he check out the pack of girl before drive off . stacy walk over to they with a big grin on she face . shavonne you do it ! I can tell ! you lose it , you little slut ... giddy with excitement , they all laugh as she kind of hug shavonne . : stacy I can not believe ic ... I ' 11 remember the last two hour of my life forever . shavonne , two hour ? do that include a stop at the sonic ? jodi ( low voice ) what be it like ? stacy ( smile ) I do not know , kinda hurt a little ... ( continued ) 57 o- co 65 . continued : ( 3 ) shavcnne what be it like ? stacy kinda big . they all let out a bit of a shrill . stacy ( continue ) I think he say we be go to do it again next week . wooderson , pink , and Mitch walk ouc of the emporium . jodi . hey pink , you hear anything more about a beer-bust ? pink gesture to wooderson , pink talk to chis man here . ; wooderson patience , people , patience . wooderson keep walk while Mitch gravitate over to sabrina . sabrina what be you do here ? mitch I be go to ask you che same thing . : they both kind of chuckle at they sudden cool status of hang out with the older crowd . sabrina I hear you get bust ... mitch uh , yeah . sabrina they just get Adam , too . '' mitch really ? how bad ? sabrina bad . ( continued ) co . 66 . $7 continued : ( 4 ) '' mitch , man . so what have you guy be | * do ? . sabrina juse riding around . mostly . 1. do not realize chat it 's jodi that 's you big sister . mitch , uh , yeah ... | jodi come walk over . : : gopr I | you guy talk about I over ' . here ? {to Mitch ) so I hear chey get you . mitch uh , yeah . 1 jodi . eo I can not believe it - I ask they oo to take it easy on you . . . mitch great - no wonder . I 58 ext : STREET - night hirsh , Tommy and Carl walk down a dark street with a few bucket | ' , full of stuff . - carl ( to Tommy ) { «.- face it , boy , you have not have j pussy since pussy have you . ! ' yeah , right . ( imitate hirsh ) well I have my hand up a girl 's 1 shirt once ... I be really ' gettin 's . there !* Carl and Tommy laugh . : hirsh kiss my butt , lawson . I wish I '' ~~ still be at that party instead of of listen to you stupid strategy . that get I bust . ( continued ) - ~~ 58 53 67 . continued : carl you get bust because you could not get away . Carl reach down and pick up a large empty Jack Daniels bottle . hirsh you try to out -run o’bannion . [ be go to be laugh my ass off when it 's you turn - when he 's bustin’ you ass . tommy I hear last year , when they caughe about ten freshmen at one time , o’bannion back he truck over some pizza and make ‘em eat it . hirsh I mean , that 's bullshit , right ? the idiot flunk he senior year so he can be a dick two year in a row ? be that legal ? Carl suddenly toss the bottle straight up in the air above they . they all look at each other for a extend moment and then take off run . tommy goddamn you burn ! the bottle come crash down right behind they . ext : emporium parking lot - night o ' bannion 's truck drive up at the emporium and let Don out . he walk over to where wooderson be lean on a wall drink a beer while the rest of the guy , pickford , pink , slater , and Mitch be all hang out near pickford 's car a few foot away . Don walk up to wooderson . don poe it have not see you atcha be up to ? wooderson , in a while . wooderson same old shit ... workin ' for the city . be think about gettin’ back in school . don : back to the j.c.? ( continued ) 68 . continued : ' aqoderson maybe . thac 's where all the girl be . {a beac ) but on the other hand I really juse as soon be workin’ and makin 's money than spend ict listen to some dipehic that do not know what che hell he 's talk abour . at least you get some change in you pocket . don really ... wooderson {to Mitch ) . you nre a freshman , right ? mitch yeah , wooderson who be the finest girl you age ? don . wooderson boy , you be go to end up in jail . the other laugh a bit and wooderson go along . wooderson that 's what 's so great about high school girl : I get older but they stay the same age . pickford {to pink ) hey pink , you have not see ‘em yet . he open the door , sit down , and crank up he stereo . pickford I just get chese new Craig powerplay ... quad . pink bad-ass . pickford anyone up for another spin ? pink sure . Don quickly decide he 's ready to go . ( continued ) s9 69 . continued : ( 2 ) don shotgun ... pink {to Mitch ) what do you think ? mitch yeah , what the hell . as Don go to get in the passenger side door , he find slater momentarily sit in he seat . don someone 's gonna have to be latering my seat , man . slater I '' go back inside , man , do not worry . wooderson yeah , I too . you boy have fun . they walk to the emporium door while the guy start to climb in pickford 's car . he revs it up while pink and Mitch get in che back , Mitch be a bit squeeze at first because there be a bowl ball in he seat . he hold it up and inquiry . mitch whose be this ? pickford I do not know . it be in the car when I first get it . pink pickford ... you drive in to get aerosmith ticket tomorrow morning ? pickford unless I end up get so waist tonight I can not . pink if you do , can you get I two ticket ? pink hand pickford thirty dollar . pickford this should buy I a bag of colombian . ( continued ) 59 60 70 . continued : ( 3 ) pink yeah righc . ext : suburban neighborhood - night they pass around the joint and a few beer as they jam to 22 top . Mitch take he firse puff withouc much fanfare . from the passenger seat , Don mischievously motion pickford to pull over . don hey , pull up to this trash can . the car slow down and pull over next to a few trash can chat be sit on the corner of somebody 's front yard . Don lean far out the window and pick up a big metal can . . don stay near this side and gun it . the car creep along for a little while then peel out . ac top speed , Don release the trash can and it completely obliterate a mailbox that be in a front yard . the sheer visceral chrill of it all have the carload in a excited state . pickford whooaah ! man ! : pink shit-yeah ! almost immediately , pink roll the back window down and lean out . pink let 's get one of that over there . the ' car pull over and he grab a old beat - up metal trash can . pink floor that motherfucker ! the car race off . he catch a large wooden designer - type mailbox dead - on . they whoop it up even more . awwrighte ! '' pickford heeeyuuuu ! don {to Mitch ) you should throw that bowl ball out . ( continued ) 60 6l 71 . continued : mitch think ? pickford yeah , lose it . [t do noe fit anyone 's hand , anyway . Mitch grab the ball and apprehensively lean out che window . mitch okay . pickford floor the accelerator and the car be fly . not really aim at anych , Mitch toss the ball into the air . in a slow motion shot , the ball crash through the windshield of a car park on the street . the guy seem more shocked than thrilled at first - perhaps at the sheer extent of the property ' damage . pink shit man ... someone 's car . Mitch look back at the break windshield with a mixture of fear and shame . the other start enjoy it when it become apparent they have get away . . don aww , fuck ‘em anyway . pickford man , that bowl ball say '' hooff * to chat damn windshield . pink some poor slob 's go to come out to he car tomorrow morning , on he way to work and ... they all start howling . don Strike ! more laughter . have officially top all of they , Mitch go along with the victory celebration . don hey man , we be out of beer . we need a Quick and easy stop . ext : quick & easy ~ night the car pull into the parking lot . ( continued ) + 6l 62 72 , continued : don we be also out of cash . hey , pull up over there , head out that way . pickford what , you be go to steal ic ? don . I get it all stake out . it will be easy . I jusc need someone to be look - out . pickford oh come on man , you be gonna get we in trouble . don {to Mitch ) c'mon . I need you to stand by the door . . ( to pickford ) have it runnin 's and ready to go . Mitch hesitates a bit but be * soon walk with Don up to the store . ext : quick & easy - night Don and Mitch get up near the store . mitch T do not know about all this , man . don just stand up here and act like a look-out. : ( whisper ) I be really go to pay for it but let 's fuck with they . Mitch grin briefly and then try to act serious as Don enter the store . he look back at pickford back the car up and then back inside at how Don be do . he see Don bolt for the front door . he pull the door open and then they sprint to the wait car . don {to Mitch ) . hurry up man ! get in ! but just as they hop in the car , a middle - age guy walk up to the driver 's side and point a pistol at pickford 's head . ( continued ) 62 73 . continued : pistcl guy do not move or I will shooc the shic out of ya ! pickford do not know what to be more panicked about , thi he head or the robbery in progress . p Fe phe gun ac pickford {to Don ) Don , give the beer back ... don do not worry about the beer , man . I really pay for ic . pickford flash he a quick quizzical look that soon turn into a panic once more . pistol guy you bust my mailbox , do n‘ya ? pickford I do not know what you be talk about man , but ... - __ . pistol guy tamperin 's with mailbox be a felony offense . I do call the po-lice . 2 think you boy need to get out of the car , nice and slow . pickford {to other ) . whadda we do ? . pistol guy I say get the fuck out of the car ... now ! Don have set the beer near the gear shift in such a way chac it '' can not be see by the guy with the gun . he slowly be shifting the car into gear . pickford ( reason ) what , you be go to shoot we for something you think we do ? pistol guy I do n'c think , I know . TI see you . ( continued ) 62 63 continued : ( 2 ) pickford . ( reason ) Sir , I be still not quite sure what you be talk about but you have better put chat gun away before you gee in some big trouble . there 's aw against this kind of behavior you know . pistol guy I get witness . when che po-lice get here we will just let chem figure ic all ouc , the tension have build to a peak . pink ( under he breath ) just go man , before the cop show . what 's he gonna do , shoot we ? pickford no , he 's go to shoot I . ( to pistol ) it 's like this : the smart money say you probably will not murder - and it would be murder - someone over a alleged tampere - with mailbox ... . Don suddenly pull pickford down at the same time he stomp on top of he foot . duck ! don they . all duck as the car peel out . as pickford regains the wheel , the guy shoot in they direction . mitch . motherfucker 's shoot at we ! don go! lose that son-of -a-bitch ! the car turn at a corner and haul . int : suburban neigborhood - night tony , Mike and Cynthia be riding around . mike ( sarcastic voice ) I need I ah brewski ... ( continued ) 7s . " 63 continued : tony weeeell ... cynthia actually , my next door neighbor have a refrigerator full of beer . and he garage be always wide open . mike cynthia I have always want to steal some , I just have never be a big beer drinker . I do not know , it 's the taste - call I weird . _ tony __ , tquick ) weird . mike well , the crue dionysian way would be to steal the beer and spend the rest of the evening drink ic . I think that 's what everyone in this car need ... some good ‘ol worthwhile visceral experience . cynthia like what ? mike get so drunk you throw up . a lictle sexual activity ... Cynthia impersonate some brutish guy . cynthia you nre right - I be gonna git drunk and either git laid or gic inna fight ... mike seriously . you have to be up for anything . : _ cynthia . but do you ever feel like everything we have be teach and everything we do be just at the service of we future selve . tony it 's like it 's all preparacion ... ( continued ) ~ 63 1 t '' 1 | t ' 64 1 ' — _ — 65 continued : { 2 ) cynthia yeah , but what be we prepare ourselves for ? mike death . tony life of the party ... cynthia but that 's valid - if we nre all go to die anyway , should not we enjoy ourselves now ? I would like to quit creating the present like some minor , insignificance preamble to . something else ... ext : neighbor 's house - night seon Mike and Cynthia sneak up to the garage , go inside , and then run out with a couple of six - pack . , they hop in the car and tony drive away , but not before signal he turn . int : emporium - night the guy be stand near the feature pool table where elvis be in a big game with a hustler from out of town . pickford be recalling the gun incident to wooderson and Hudson . peickford | I be inch away from get my head blow off . : 's ( point at Don ) and evil knieval here just throw the car in gear and floor it . don {to pickford ) . what ? do you get shot ? do we have to wait around for the cop to bust we ? no . pickford but it be I who he have the gun on , not you . it be I who be go to get he brain splatter . . don do not worry , if that idiot would have pull the trigger , he would have have US to deal with . ( continued ) 65 66 77 . continued : pink ( amused ) . that ' 's right , wnat be you * complain about ? wooderson ( to other ) they be up to seventy - five a game ... after he turn , elvis walk over to the pack of chem . ocn _ ( to elvis ) | elvis , you takin 's this guy 's money ? . elvis workin ' on ic . how ' bout one of you go and get I a sixer of schlitz . he reach in he pocket , pull out a small roll of bill , peel off a five , and then look over at Mitch . elvis ( to Mitch ) across the street nat the Quick ... he hand he the money while the other look on . Mitch hesitates a lictle at first but then get go after elvis give hima confident nod before he return to the pool cable . int : quick & easy - night Mitch overcome any nervousness and walk in with a calm , confident manner . he quickly select the six pack out of the refrigerator and on the way toward the register grab a stick of beef jerky . he approach the clerk like he 's do this a . hundred time before . . mitch ( to clerk ) how 's it go conight ? he lay the beer and the beef jerky on the counter and put the five on top of they . lerk '' it will be go a lot betrer when I get off in a couple of hour . mitch I hear thac ... ( continued ) 66 67 78 . continued : the clerk only chen scrutinize micch a litcle . clerk you be eighteen , right ? mitch ( quickly ) on yeah ... just graduate . the clerk bag it up and give he change . clerk so you off to college in che fall ? mitch still not sure . I be work right . now for the city ... chink about hang onto the job for a while . it 's money in my pocket ... clerk I hear that ... he bag up the beer and hand it to Mitch who head for the door . mitch take it easy ... ext : quick and easy - night Mitch exit the store , take a few step , and then break into a big grin . just then he 8th grade buddy call out to he from the shadow . Mitch ! he look surprised to see they and walk over near pentico 's idling car . mitch . what be you guy do ? tommy what 's in there ? he gesture to Mitch 's bag . Mitch play it cool . mitch a sixer of schlitz . ( to Carl ) and hey man , you owe I one for go out through centerfield . ( continued ) - 67 68 too , 69 continued : carl yeah , yeah , they bust che hell out of hirsh , too , , mitch I hear . pentico {to hirsh ) tell he whac we be do . hirsh ( to Mitch ) be that bastard o’sannion over there ? ext : emporium - night Mitch walk up outside the emporium , past a group of girl thac include Julie . they all know why he go over there and seem a bit surprised ( and impressed ) by he success . julie . they sell it to you ? mitch ( casual ) ' course ... int : emporium - night he walk back in and all be a bit quiet around the pool table . elvis call a pocket on the eightball and line up a complicated bank shot . everyone glance nervously at each other as he proceed with confidence . elvis bank the eight perfectly and as the ball drop in the side pocket , the place erupt . after a little hand - slapping congratulation , the loser pay up . Mitch get a open and take elvis he beer . elvis ' salright ... he grab the beer and toss one to wooderson . Mitch begin to dig through he pocket . mitch I get you change ... elvis forget about it ... what 's you name again ? ( continued ) 69 80 . continued : . mitch Mitch ... kerr . * elvis a beer ? taken slightly aback at the offer , Mitch hesi i 1 g a . itat front of enervee gesture from che coolest guy invche blecee ey z é ryone else , no less . he take th wis off the top in one motion . '' he beer and twist elvis ( to wooderson ) } wooderson ... how ' bout that buse act the moon tower ? here 's most of the first keg . , he take wooderson 's hat off and drop a twenty in it . wo start walk around the emporium take donation . * woaderson wooderson keg fund for the bust ... Julie and stacy each drop a dollar into che hat and then stacy whisper something in wooderson 's ear while she and Julie look over at Mitch . a older man wander into the emporium as if look for someone . julie oh my god ... be not that rene 's facher ? stacy how embarrassing ... I would die if father ever do something like that . julie at least she 's not here for do not think . jee-zus . Mitch walk over to the front door and glance out . he look back at o’bannion one more time and then step outside the door . he wave he arm to the guy across the street and then quickly step back inside . Mitch then walk over to Julie and stacy and slowly escort they closer to o’bannion 's table . on the way over , he whisper something in Julie 's ear . julie ( loudly ) they be busting Carl burn out back ? o'bannion suddenly look up from he game . he motion to a friend stand near he . ( continued ) 69 70 81 . ' continued : ( 2 ) oq 's bannion here , take over for I . ( to other ) " can not believe ict . get you board ... he walk outside as several follow . signal to Mitch to come over . and stacy and walk over . ww . from across the room , Don Mitch excuse himself from Julie don hey man , thac Julie chick like you . mitch think so ? ' don yeah . mitch she 's a fox . ~ don T all cell you though . play it cool , man . if she get the impression you like she too much , she will be off with someone else before you know it . mitch really ? don yeah . you get to play , it right . like if she ask you to ride out there with she , do not do it . just tell she you have a ride and , you know , just say ... ( extra casual ) '' maybe I ' 11 see you out there a little later .° . ( almost apologetic ) I know cthac sound stupid but that 's how it work . ext : parking lot behind emporium o’bannion and company arrive out back to find Carl stand there with Hudson and benny , about to be bust . ( continued ) 82 . continued : o’ bannion shoowwee ! we get another ... ~ ( to Hudson and benny ) . bemme go first on this one , okay ? hudson okay , whatever . o' bannion thanks . . ( co Carl ) so we meet again ... _. {to other ) this little fucker 's mom pull a shotgun on my ass this afternoon ! {to Carl ) you have any lick yet ? carl no ... o' bannion {to other ) all right ! another cherry ... ( to Carl ) now I think you should pe you hand up against the wall there ... Carl slowly oblige . 0 's bannion you must be one dumb freshman son - of - a- bitch to be out tonight somewhere where you would get catch . I think I be go - to have to spend all summer hunt you down but then you show up out of nowhere like a little lose puppy dog . he position himself behind and to the side of Carl and get ready to give he he first lick . o’ bannion I no like to dedicate this first lick to you mother ... fucker . just as he 's draw back he board , at the height of he sadistic glee , o’bannion catch a solid drop of paint on he arm , he hold he swing in mid-arc , dumbfounded . as he stare at the drop , he get another drop on che head . confused but curious , he look upward just in time to see the source of he stun and thorough drench in white paint and other junk from above . in the confusion and o’bannion 's general helplessness , Carl sprint to pentico 's wait car that have pull up . he jump in and they peel out . of . a 3 . 71 ext : alley behind emporium - night the car quickly make the block and head down a alley where :: pick up hirsh and Tommy who have climb down from the roof -top . after jump in the car and drive away , the freshman guy be absolutely ecstatic : laugh , scream and '' slapping ten* with each other . pure victory . 's 72 ext : emporium parking lot '' back behind the emporium , o’bannion be cursing everyone . o' bannion «.. and you lazy fuck didn 'c do shit ! how ' bout some back - up . you numb - nut coward ! you even let that little fucker get away - do not even go after they ! pitiful ! . physically humiliate and embarrassed , he walk over to he car . , on the way , he suddenly smashes he board against the street , crack it into many piece . he throw the piece that be leave in he hand as far as he can and leave the rest on the ground . he get in he car and speed off . only then do the other look co at each other and howl with . laughter . of | 73 ° '' int : ' tony 's car at sonic - night . a waitress bring they order out to the car on a tray that she the hang on the driver side window . tony start examine the goods and pass they out . ' tony . roe ..- let 's see , tater - tot with | cheese , onion ring , burger with mustard , tater - tot with no cheese , a cherry coke ... I can not believe a I be do this . TI always swore I would i never be here and here I be sorting | tater tot ... it cynthia so beer bust at the moon tower ? : be we go ? as they talk , Mike stare out the window at the car go by on the main drag . suddenly he perk up . mike | . whooah ! you guy see that ? ( continued ) ~ 73 | C - J : 74 : 75 84 , continued : tony - and cynthia where ? whac ? mike a woman in . thae car that juse drive by pull up she shirt and flashed she cit in this direction . tony _ ( excited ) no sir ... __ mike yes sir . a couple of car take off after the drive - by car . 1 mike see , that car be chase she . tony : wow ... cynthia I wish I be one of choose people who could do something like that . you know , that spontaneous . . tony . do not let we discourage you . mike see , now that 's visceral activity . ext : road to moon tower - night as kiss 's * rock and Roll all night 's play in the background , we see many car and the different group party as they drive out of town to the moon tower . they seem to be lead by the '' Ronald McDonald / gene simmon 's truck drive by and Don , pink , and Mitch . ext : Beer bust at moon tower ~ night - establishing the car drive down the dark road to the clear near the moon tower that serve as the central gather place . most car park on the periphery but wooderson , benny , Don and a few other stand next to a truck that be alone in the center with a keg of beer sit on its tailgate . the '' McDonald / simmon 's statue stand right behind the keg . two speaker have be place up on the truck 's cab and be blaring music from a tape deck . some clever sort have now wire up ' Ronald / gene 's * stomach speaker to the truck 's cb 's p.a. system where if you talk into the mic , it come out of he stomach behind the keg . ( continued ) 78 76 as . continued : kaye , jodi , and a few other walk up as sabrina lag a little behind . they pass a group of guy stand around with can of beer , put not drink . a guy who be in a car earlier , Party guy # 1 , gesture for sabrina to come help chem out a bic . party guy # 1 hey , we be do hot-shot ... when TI get this can up to my mouth , say go , okay ? sabrina be a litcle unsure but go along . sabrina okay ... he open the bottom side of the beer with a can opener and then put he mouth over the open and he finger on the pop-cop of the can . the other be already in this position . he look at she and indicate to say the word . : sabrina ready , set , go ! they all almost simultaneously pop they top and practically inhale they beer . one finish slightly ahead of the other and toss he beer can to the ground . e winner . sabrina wander into the crowd . ext : Beer bust road - night Cynthia , Mike and tony walk up as Mike seem to smell something . mike ; hmmm . someone 's tokin ' some reefer ... clint overhear Mike 's observation . to show off to he immediate crowd , he hand they back the joine and approach Mike . clint hey , just a second . what do you say ? mike when ? -clint just then as you walk past , what do you say ? mike about whac ? ( continued ) a 6 . 76 continued : clint you say '' someone 's cok : n ' ' some reeter .* mike I might have say something abouc smell some marijuana ... a observation . clint well i'm the one smoking marijuana , motherfucker . you get a problem with chac ? mike no , I do n'c have a problem wich , chat . clint then why do you say that , man . so I be a fuckin’ pot-head , what 's it to you ? ( push Mike ) huh ? huh ? ( push again ) pink see the jam Mike be in and come over to help he out . pink {to clint ) ite 's all right man , he 's okay . cline calm down a little and slowly head back over to he group . as Mike re-join tony and Cynthia and they begin co walk away , clint sore of point back at he . clint okay geek , I will ] . be watch out for you ass ... Mike just turn and keep walk . mike great , just what I need . the cro- magnon man shadow I . tony you mean get you face punch in be not on you list of worthwhile visceral experience ? as they walk , they pass a drunk girl , susan sumner heavily make out with a guy . '' snen she 's not kissing he , she 's take big gulp of beer . of a7 . 77 ext : moon tower - night pink , Mitch , slacer and pickford be all climb up ct cower ladder , g up che moon pink {to Mitch ) = can not believe you have never be out here . ' mitch never have . why do they call ic the moon tower , anyway ? pink in the 20 's they build it to - simulate the light of a full moon . so it 's like the people around here . have a full moon every night of the year . pickford and they have not repair anything since the twenty so be careful , some of the step be about to . give . om ; slater { this place use to be off limit . ' some drunk freshman fall off the | top about ten year ago and smashed he skull on a crossbeam . slater it 's a cool view though ... good place to toke ... * they get to a rather small platform at the top . the view on one side be the city and on the other the country . they stare out act the city and back down at the other below . pink 1 : ; : look at this whole fuck town . Te 's completely dead . all that i idiot that go off to they little boring job and then drive home to they little cubby hole to watch t.v. and await death . : pickford if you be not careful , that could be any of we in a few year . pink a not I , man , ( continued ) a . continued : slater fire up a joint as slater stare off and det ; ina differenc way . ponder society , slater think how many people out chere be fuck at this very minute . Mitch just stare down at all the people at the beer-busc . down below the tape be be change co something else . some scream out they suggestion and objection . 's random voice 2Z top : nugent ! free Bird ! slater ( shouting down ) Zepplin ! random voice Captain and tenille ! wooderson fuck you ! ext : near parked car - night tony , Mike and Cynthia be lean against one of the car . . tony sacco and vansetti . they all laugh a Little and Mike get a urge to be a little more public . mike yeah , ( yell ) sacco and vansetti ! this be drown out by a new song , cranke up all the way . Mike 's tone suddenly change . mike ( to other ) I be go to get that guy . cynthia what guy ? mike that asshole on the way in , clint - the super-dominant male . ( continued ) a9 . 78 continued : tony { laugh ) T would not suggest that . mike I nve get it all plan we . most fight at place like this never get past a punch or two before it 's break up , right ? there 's this almost natural instinct to not upset the herd too much . so , I just have to be sure to get one good punch in and then play defense . cynthia why be you even think like this ? mike ac first , you nre relieved to get away from the situation , but now there 's a level of humiliation set in that I can tell be go to be with I a long time . this could be yet another experience that contribute to I be a lictcle ineffectual nothing the reste of - my life . I have the conscious ability to rebel against that . if nothing else , ic will set a example and a tone for my senior year . it 's like when you go into prison . they say walk right up to the baddest dude in the whole place and punch he right in the nose in front of everyone . he might beat the crap out of you , but nobody will ever fuck with you because who want to get punch in the face even one time ? you gotta prove you be one of that who 's not afraid to ... he double up he fist and punch he other hand in the palm with a loud pop . cynthia great . sabrina wander by tony and after they make eye contact , she boldly go up to he . sabrina do you remember I ? ( continued ) cc ' 90 . ~~ 78 continued : ( 2 ) __ tony only if this afzerncon 's offer still stand . _ sabrina ( flirce cack ) uh , what be I suppose to say ? anything you want ... tony that 's whac I want to hear . they do not quite know what to say next but tony have subtly make room for she to stand next to he while they lean on che car . Cynthia look at sabrina and then back at Mike like °w who 's this untruder ?* she seem more irritate that tony have perk up ac , sabrina 's presence . sabrina do you know whac time it be ? ( change mind ) no , do not tell I , [ it will ruin the rest of my night . cc Cynthia and Mike decide to walk around . ~ | 79 ext : Beer bust - near keg - night Cynthia and Mike be slowly walk toward the keg . cynthia why would we even come here ? I always feel a little out of place at thing like this . : mike i yeah , it 's amazing . on one level I do not give a shit about anything '' in the entire world but that have not ' take away a kind of shyness . you would think you could blow off ; caring if people accept you or : not . ' cynthia yeah . ( a beat ) oo , . I can not believe he 's flirt with that little freshman . she happen to say this in earshot of Darla , who come over to ( oo they when she hear the magic word . ( continued ) 79 80 a1 . continued : ; darla do you say freshman ? cynthia yeah , right over there . she point at sabrina across the way . darla mike ( to Darla ) no trouble though , okay ? Darla keep look at sabrina while she wander back co she pack ‘of friend . Mike and Cynthia continue . mike ( continue ) you can not blame he , though . he do not even know you like he . it 's kind of difficule . cynthia I know it . I hate this , let 's not even talk about ic . ext : base of tower - night after climb down from the moon cower , Mitch , slater , pickford and pink run into Julie , stacy and some of they friend . pickford cottonmouth man , I need some beer ! Julie wander over to Mitch . mitch hey . you want to go over and get a beer ? julie sure . do you ride out here with they ? they all start make they way toward the keg . mitch yeah . how ' bout you , you get a car ? ( continued ) 80 81 92 . continued : sulie uh-huh . . ( point ) that blue camaro . mitch cool . they walk by a even more drunk Susan and a difference gu : '' par guy # 1 , as they be get in the back seat of a car . x few > y '' Party guy # 1 's friend be kind of milling around the car . ° stacy ( to Julie ) Susan 's drunk again . . julie God , every time ... Mitch look back at the car as they walk away . ext : Beer bust - near keg pink walk over to where benny and Don be stand . don piiink . pink okay , so here ' 's che story : if we ever get bust , we tell chem we find it down by the river . don . yeah . right at the bottom of that main path . pink when do we find it ? don early this evening , as it be get dark . benny just do not be drive around town with it stand up in the back unless you wane the cop all over you ass . don man , screw the cop in this town . ( continued ) 81 82 93. continued : benny ( to pink ) and I can smell that reefer on you a mile away , boy . coach clement be right - you nve be run with that bad crowd again . - don atcitude adjustmenc ... ._ , ._ , . benny priority ... . pink I just wane co know who narce on I . I mean why else would he . single I out ? it 's not like I be the only athlete in we school that party . don ahhh , do not worry about ic . fuck what that coaches think . Don get that mischievous look on he face as he look over at all the people in line for che keg . don check this out . ' ( yell ) cop ! in a panic , they all either toss they beer or walk away quickly from the keg . don amateur . Don laugh as he walk over to the keg and pour himself a beer . we suddenly hear someone off in the wood in another direction throw up . everyone kind of laugh at this anonymous person 's misery . ext : near car - night Cynthia and Mike be back near tony and sabrina lean against a car and talk . mike «.. Z just think it 's important to rebel against all that petty fear like pain or even death . ( more ) ( continued ) 82 continued : they all mike icone would ) té you can gec to thac point where you be not only not afraid of death but perhaps even embrace it , then there be no longer any bad . everything then go beyond judgement - good / evil , right / wrong - it 's all bullshic . cynthia from you perspective maybe , but certainly you be not imply that this 1s valid think for everyone . mike I '' not everyone and of course my perspective - for better and worse it 's the only one I have get . cynthia so if there be no absolute morality , judgement , or anything else , would you push the button that would start a global thermo - nuclear war if you could ? mike . I be not sure . depend on my mood at the cime . laugh a little . Cynthia roll she eye . cynthia great ... although tony , seem to have be pay more attention to sabrina , Mike get he finally jump in the conversation . tony let 's just say we be thankful the button to the nuclear holocaust be in the hand of policician worried about re-election and not someone like you go through a existential crisis . a liccle antsy and begin to walk away . mike whatever ... I and my existential crisis be go to go walk around . later. much . 83 84 or 95 . ext : at truck - night near another truck with a stereo go , pickford , Michelle , pink slacer , stoner # 2 , and stacy sit in a circle on the ground , pass a reefer and listen to Neil Young 's ' after the goldrtisn . * no one say anything for a while but then stoner # 1 and slater stare in . stoner # 1 this song be about alien landing . slater of course , man . this country be found by people who worshipped alien - George Washington and they . they be all a part of some cult that be way into that . stoner # 1 George toke weed too , man . he grow it at mt. Vernon . stacy suuure , slater really man , it 's true . he think it would be a good cash crop for the southern state . the man be a visionary ... and here we be tokin’ to he vision 200 year ater . . slater do a little salute with the joint before pass it . ext : near car - night kaye , Cynthia , jodi and pink be stand around talk . kaye ... it 's like all we decision have be make for we . what be we true option ? we can ride around , stand here and talk . there 's gotta be something interesting go on somewhere else ... it 's just that we be stick in bum-fuck-ville . jodi | and it 's all so generic . ( a beat ) I wish I be like italian or Black or something ... anything to not feel like I step out of the brady bunch . ( continued ) 96 . continued : pink so whac be it more of , the place we be stick in or the time period we be stick in ? maybe nothing 's go on anywhere . maybe nothing 's ever go on anywhere . kaye «.. T really like tony 's last column about this decade . whac be that one line ? '' the uncercaincy of the 60' have be sell out for ghe certainty of boredom in the " ss ... " cynthia yeah , I be work on this every - other - decade theory : okay , the 50 's be boring , the sixty rock , and the 70 's obviously suck , so maybe the 80n be go to be cool . . ( optimiscic ) I figure we will be in we twenty and hey , it can not get any worse . pink walk around over to tony . pink tony , real quick . I do not want to be sport editor . I no rather write feature , editorial , anything but sport . tony 2 you be all we have . just be editor and I x11 let you write whatever else you want . pink I just , you know ... enough of my life have be spend on sport already . jodi walk around over to pink . jodi : let 's go get another beer . pink okay , pink and jodi just kind of smile and walk away . 85 - 97 . ext : other side cf keg - nisht Mike stand at a distance observe che car Susan be in as the door open and Party guy # 1 get out . several of the guy 's drunk friend be practically stand in line to make out with she . another guy be soon kissing she and feel she large breast . suddenly benny walk over to they and sort . of break it up . benny I do not think you boy should be take advantage of Susan when she 's drunk . ( lower ) we all do thac when we be young and ic be not very nice . party guy # 1 great , when it 's we turn we have . someone like you keep we in ine . . benny hey fuck you , man . seriously , you guy get lose . get go before you get hurt . as the guy disperse , Susan : stumble over to the rear car door , open it , and sit down . benny : ( to Susan ) you gonna be all right ? susan ohhhh , God , I drank too much . I chink I be startin’ to not feel so good . ' apparently more interested in intimidating the guy than actually help Susan out , benny soon walk away . as soon as the coast be clear , Mike walk over near she . she be look down and be barely conscious . mike you okay ? susan ( mumble ) guy be fuck bastard ... she look up at he , study he for a second , then gesture for he to come closer . susan c'mere . what 's you name ? ( continued ) ' 85 86 28 . continued : mike Mike . * susan do = know you ? mike yeah , I think so . I know you . she grab he hand and pull he closer to she . soon not be sit right nexc to she in the back seat . _ susan you nre kind of cute . De you like I ? . mike sure . she slowly pull he down on cop of she . ext : wood - night jodi lead pink into the wood . they be both kind of laugh . suddenly jodi stop , turn around , and be face - to- face with pink . she kind of smile and then put a arm around he neck and start kissing he . he willingly go along . soon they break . : jodi shavonne be righc . wae ? pink ©? jodi she say you 'ze the kind that always wait for the girl cto make the first move . pink what 's that suppose to mean ? jodi well it 's true , it just work for I . I be testing you . pink ie 's easier . why , do I pass or fail ? jgop I I do not know . : ( continued ) 99 . continued : she come closer to he and they start kissing again . sud hy jodi back away and look right at pink . he geens to be enjoy the situation and quickly turn to che side , grab something we of he - pocket and put it in he mouth . he then cooly , in a almost bogartish manner , turn to she with a joint dangle from the side of he mouth . jodi laugh but seem to be go 40 something else . jodi so how would you define yourself ; more of a jock , a stoner , or a smart guy like tony and Mike . she take the joine out of he mouth . pink ' what , you can only be one ching ? hey , I be just try to get by as painlessly as possible . what be this , a ' let 's analyze Randy 's session ? how do you define yourself ? jodi do not get all mad . just a few thought . they start kissing again . jodi ( continue ) so , Randy , do n‘ct you have a girlfriend or something . pink : I do not know , here and there . this be not really what jodi want to hear and she kind of back off and think about it a little . : jodi so , in relation to I , chat would mean I be here right now , and there as goon as I be out of you sight . pink whatever ... jodi start walk back to the bust and pink follow . pink gimme my joint back . a7 88 100 . int : sack seat of parked car - nisht in che back seat of the car , Susan and Mike be kissing wildly . soon she breast be out of she shirc and Mike be all over they . t£ noc quite sure what to do , he make up for any lack of experience with enthusiasm and curiosity . suddeniy Susan become coherent and push he off she . susan stop ! . ( push he ) you fucker ! Mike be surprised at she sudden rage and move away a iittie . she then kick at he . susan all you bastard be the same ! all ' you want be one thing ! ( kick again ) well fuck all of you ! she kick one more time as he get up and out of the car . he look back and she sort of shoot the finger at he bue hardly seem focus on he at all . he move away from the car but watch she try to button she shirt back up while she start cry . ext : other side of keg - night Julie and Mitch be get pretty cosy stand against a tree when they be interrupt . don kerr ! Mitch look around and see Don stand across the way with benny , Hudson and a few other . jodi and pink come out of the wood and kind of smile at each other as they part . she hold up the joint and he just wave she off as if to say '' keep it . '' as she keep walk , he fall in with he crowd . benny that 's right . you , freshman . don c'mere boy ! we need to have a word with you . Mitch look a bit nervous and then look over at Julie . mitch I guess I better go see what they want . ( continued ) 88 continued : julie yeah , you probably should , / mitch shit . I '1l be back ... maybe . by the time Mitch get over to they , they tone have lighten up to a good - nature ribbing session . don look ac he , a little casanova . Mitch grin a little . pink he 's get that little shit eatin’ ' grin on ... : don whact ' have I cell you , huh ? pink not bad for a little freshman . mitch nhumor ) whatever , man . benny 1 juse want to know be you gonna be fuckin’ she later or be you gonna be a little wimp ? Mitch dish it back to they . mitch how do you know I have not already ? they all laugh . benny shit , boy , get out of here ... don Son , I think it 's past you bedtime ... pink you should catch a ride with she if you can ... tell she we leave you and you do not have any other way . mitch yeah , see what happen . ( continued ) : 88 ' 89 202 . continued : ( 2 ) pink you betcer get back to she , boy . " mitch yeah . you guy cake it easy . don we wane a full report in the morning . ext : edge of wood - night kaye and jodi be stand off to the side , take ic all in . gopt . I feel like walk and smoking this joinc . kaye yeah , good idea . ( a beac ) check out shavonne ... her and Don 's little mate ritual unfold before we . . they look across the way to see Don walk away from shavonne as she follow . he then stop and twist he way into she arm momentarily . before they break and walk farther into che wood . jodi do you ever just see people and think of we as simply product of lust and sex ? at the moment of conception we be all the farthest thing from we parent 's mind ... : kaye and most of the kid in we generation be mistake , anyway . jodi yeah , and I guess it be not legal to abort we so they be stick . Mitch and Julie come walk by . jodi motion for they to come over . they do . jodr be that a beer in you hand , little brother ? have you have more than one of that tonight ? . mitch yeah , yeah , who 's count ? ( continued ) a9 90 103 . continued : godri I guess I better get use to I and my little brother be at the same social function . what time be you suppose to be home ? Mitch be act cool but in a amused , up - beat manner . mitch oh , a hour or two ago ... jodi do not think for a second Mom win 'c be wait up for you when you get home , no matter what time . micch and Julie start walk away . mitch just do I a favor and don'c ask she to cake it easy on I . he look at Julie and then past she where he catch eye with sabrina , who 's in mid-flirty conversation with tony . they experience a big moment of recognition and smile and shrug at each other as if to say ' this be the life , but this be crazy . 's ext : near parked car - night tony and sabrina continue talk . tony .- be not it someone 's theory that we entire personality be form the time we be seven or so ? t's kind of depress , actually , think of all the stuff we be stick with by default . jodi and kaye walk by they on they way down the road . jodi ( smile ) hey guy ... | tony & sabrina hey ... jodi we be go to take off for a bit . you okay ? ( continued ) 104 . continued : tony ( to sabrina ) '' T can give you a ride . sabrina okay . so I will either see you later or catch a ride with tony . joor okay , cool . sabrina bye. {to tony ) yeah , I know what you be talk about . certain thing stick with . you forever . like when I be in second grade , in order to get word right on a spelling cest , we use to make up sentence where the first letter in each word stand for a letter . like arithmetic be '' a rat in the house might eat the ice cream , " and geography be '' George eat old gray rat and paint house yellow . 's tony laugh . sabrina tu probably be seventy year old and when I go to write one of that word , one of that stupid sentence will still go through my head every single time . they both laugh a bit . Darla suddenly walk up to sabrina and tony . : darla ( co sabrina ) air-raid ! they both seem kind of surprised , and sabrina look up at tony . darla ( even meaner ) I say air-raid freshman ! tension mount considerably and tony feel a little confront . tony what for ? c'mon . ( continued ) 90 of a continued : ( 2 ) . darla this be between I and she and she better be on that ground in five second . everybody just kind of stand there . tony she doesn ‘c have to because she 's with I . darla . ( to sabrina ) air-raid or its you ass ! tony ' ( to sabrina ) do not do it . sabrina still say nothing but look at both of they , sort of weigh the aggressor against the protector . a lictle unsure of what to do , she still do not air-raid . darla_ that 's it you little freshman bitch ! I be never go to forget this . I be go to make the next year of you life hell ! Darla storm off while sabrina and tony just kind of look at each other like ' what be that ?* Mike walk over cto they . mike yeah , do not air-raid for that bitch . I hate shit like that . it 's like that clint fucker in front of all he friend ... he do a re-enactment by push tony . mike > ( continue ) ( push again ) huh , motherfucker ? tony okay , okay . Mike suddenly see clint raise hell in the keg line . as if lead by some wild instinct , he start to walk over to he . mike the dominant male monkey will get he comeuppance . ( continued ) 90 91 92 93 94 106 . continued : ( 3 ) clint 's back be to Mike when he walk up to he . he h fyit seer in he hand and kind of glance around with a sligne® a see quizzical look on he face . he soon focus on clint and pour he ermire beer over clint 's head . as a stunne clint whiris around , Mike quickly drop the empry cup and punch clint a fairly good one in the face . unfortunateiy for Mike , clint recover rather quickly , grab Mike 's shirt with one hand , and start punch he with the other . ext : near parked car - night tony can not believe what 's happen and start to run over to the scene of the fight . tony {to sabrina ) : shit , he really do it , I can not believe ic . : ext : other side of keg - night pink and benny see the commotion and almost instinctively run over to the fight . . ext : fight scene - night as tony , pink , and benny arrive to try to help break it up , they be shield from the fight by a large wall of people circle around the nucleus of the fight . contradictory to Mike 's plan , no one in the immediate vicinity seem to want to break up the fight . worse still , by be such eager spectator , they be actively shield out thoge who want to help Mike . pink move it ! pink , benny , and tony ( by follow they lead ) aggressively push they way through the crowd . finally , as Mike continue to get the holy shit beat out of he , the guy break through and pull clint off Mike . ext : wood - night jodi and kaye be walk through the wood smoking a joint when they come across a old cemetery . they walk through it , look at headstone . in the distance , we hear car and truck start up and leave the beer bust sight , kaye be soon stare at a grave and seem far , far away in she thought . jodi sense this and say nothing . kaye suddenly turn and start walk out of the cemetery . ( continued ) 94 95 continued : jodi follow as they head off farther down the road . ext : ' football field - night pink , benny , and Hudson be walk around roaring drunk on th fooctball field . they do imitation of they coaches a ranting . authorictative / aggressive voice .. pink do not you get up ! do not you quit ! you be wear hornet green ! benny stick he ! stick he ! I wane you on he like stink on shic ! hudson pitch man , pitch man , chac 's yo’ itch man ! TI want you to knock he ights out ! put he in dreamland ! benny you do not want to hit he . Hell , my grandmother hit harder chan that . ' course she be 6‘4 * / 250 . pink assume a mock~ - serious pose as he walk nearer the other like a coach ac halfcime . pink people , we can not get out there and play for ya . and if I could , we would not win by two point , we would win by twenty - two point . {a beat ) . . and have you ever notice , it 's this same fool that be always say ... | ( imitative voice ) people , this be the best year of you life . they tell I thac when be you age and I do not believe it then , but now I see they be tell the truth . if I only know then what I know now ... ( normal ) I juse want to go , yeah , if you be a dumb -fuck , it just might be the best year of you life . really . ( continued ) ao i 95 | | 96 ' ch . 97 98 | 99 108 . continued : pink tf at any point in the future I start think of this as the best year of my life , remind I cto kill myself . suddenly a quick police bleep be hear and a squad and put a light on they . . qwad car pull up cop # 1 hey ! you chree ! get up here ! ext : football field parking lot - night as they walk up to the cop , they see they look through chi hed of the truck at che Ronald / gene statue . $ $ ° cop # 1 ( excited ) this you boy 's truck ? cop # 2 look like Ronald get a face- lift . ext : cul do sac - dawn Julie 's car . be park at the turn-around of a desolate road . Mitch and Julie lie on a blanket in the grass not far from the car as the early morning radio play . they be make out ina big way . they eventually roll over and then both stare up at the cloud go by in the pre-dawn sky . ext : Beer bust site - dawn kaye and jodi wander back to the beer bust site . everyone seem to have vacate although there be still a few empty car there . ie seem to be get lighter outside . kaye we gotta see the sun rise from up there . they walk over to the moon tower and start climb . ext : don 's house - dawn snavonne pull up in front of Don 's house to drop he off . they continue what seem to have be a long make - out session but before they can get very far , they hear the bleep of a police car behind they . ( continued ) ~ . 109 , 99 continued : don shit ... Don gét we as cop # 1 approach he . ' cop # 1 good morning mister dollar . you have a busy night ? de say nothing but notice pink in the back seat look kind of glum . cop # 2 you ready to go for a ride ? he open che door for Don as he get in the back of the car . cop # 1 absolutely no talk between you two . 100 = ext : moon tower - dawn co ~ : they be soon look out at the horizon , await the sun . kaye have a distant expression and occasionally look down . kaye : I can not stop think about this tombstone I see back there . this girl be only 19 when she die . 1948 to 1967 . it 's just sad . jodi suck ... but you can not let stuff like that bother you . kaye but it 's like who 's even think about she right now ? jodi I do not know . people that know she . you be think of she . kaye ; because there 's a rock in the ground with she name on it . they both stare out ac the horizon . jodi —_ I do not think anyone can ever really know anyone else . ( continued ) 100 110 . continued : she look back down where all che people be gather earlier . kaye what 's go to happen < 9 all of we ? I mean , everyone that be here conight ... within a year or so , we will all be scatcer and most of we will never see each other again ... jodi yeah , probably . kaye 's attention switch when she notice something in the kaye do you see the light over there ? jodi . where ? kaye flicker , past that big house way up there on the leave ... it sort of sparkle on and off . {a beat ) what be that ? : jodi , I do not have my contact in . jodi rub she eye a little as kaye grow a lirtle anxious . kaye : you have to see they ... jodi rub she eye again and look . kaye stand right next to she and put they head near each other so she 's sure she 's look in the right place . jopt a flicker light ? kaye yeah . here , let I try . she gently rub jodi 's close eye . jodi I should be able to see it ... kaye you have cto . ( continued ) 100 101 ili . continued : ( 2 ) there 's a extend , almost dramatic moment . odi ( excited ) tt see it ! they both feel elate and hug each other . ext : river - dawn cop # 1 and Don walk down the path coward the river . don it be kind of dark , but I believe we walk down here ... Don act like he 's try to remember how they find the statue . of course he 's try to think what exactly pink might have cold the officer . soon they be by the creek 's edge . cop # 1 so where exactly be the object when you boy make this miraculous discovery ? Don look around a bit for where Ronald might have be . he point to a slight clear at the end of the path . don he be lay somewhere in this area . the cop seem a bit perplex that cheir storey seem to match so be . . cop # 1 okay , quick : when you find he be he face up or 2 ? Don answer as if he clearly remember . don face up . positive . the officer look at he , definitely frustrated and slightly disgust . cop # 1 let 's go . at the police car , he open the door for Don . he and pink both sit there not fully aware of they fate . or " ! 102 112 . ext : don 's house - dawn fhey pull up in front of Don 's house and cop # 1 angrily curn < 5 on . cop # 1 you be one lucky little prick . {to pink ) you too . get lose . cop # 2 ( to both of they ) now we do not want to hear about you two get in any more trouble . don . ( sarcastic ) oh , no sir . the police drive off . once cthey be ac a safe disc . pink kind of look at each other 's in amazement . ance , Don and pink face up ? don face up ! yes ! . they give each other '' ten '' in this clear victory over the system . as they stand out in the early morning street , pickford 's car drive by and stop . . pickford happnin ' boy ? pink and Don walk over to the car . pink . hey man , you guy goin 's to get the ticket ? pickford want to go ? we be on we way right now . I be catch my third wind ... Don look in the car and see slater asleep in the back . don that slater ? pickford yeah , he 's totally pass out but when he wake up he would be piss if we didn ’c take he along . ( continued ) 102 103 113 . continued : pink {to Don ) * wanna go ? don I be out of ic , man , but go ahead . pickford well bros , we gotta be gettin . 's thac line 's get longer every second . pink {to pickford ) maybe I ' 1ll cruise down chere with . you guy . he hop in the car . don later ... you guy be careful . . pink later . before pickford throw the car in gear and speed away , he hold up aerosmith 's '' toy in the attic * tape and give a thumb up . ext : sabrina ‘s house - night while the rest of the car wait on he , tony walk sabrina up the driveway . avoid walk all the way to the trailer out back , she stop near the front door to the house . . my mom might be waitii mom mig ! je wait up , so you probably should not be stand there T open the door . tony you be suppose to be home at what time ? sabrina I think she say twelve or twelve - thirty . I be probably ground all summer . cyoustely okingly so , you want to go out ... this fall sometime ? she smile then seem a little nervous . ( continued ) 104 1214 . continued : sabrina well , thanks for the ride , and '' breakfast and everything ... tony yeah , after you have be drink beer all night it 's kind of good to eat a bunch cf pancake and syrup . they both stand there a little awkwardly , know ic be time for che good night kiss . tony have a sudden think and look around a bit . tony I smell my coin collection . he quickly realize this out -of- the-blue statement could not possibly make any sense and attempt co clarify . tony the oil - base cleaner I use to use on my coin collection when I be nine year old ... ( give up ) . anyway ... he lean over and kiss she . as he back away a bit she pull he toward she and they have a major session . they finally parc ; he 's in a bit of a daze while she smile a bic . sabrina bye . tony . ( gesture to house ) good luck ... you know , with the parental unit and all . he get in the car and drive off . int : ' tony's car outside sabrina 's - night Inside the car , they ride hima little . cynthia parental unit ? bruise and swollen , Mike be lean against the window but have not completely lose 's he sense of humor ( although he can barely open he eye ) . mixe ( sarcastic ) you pull that tongue ? ( continued ) 1s . continued : 104 cynthia . so all in all , do this bea ! play card conighc ? - , tony hmmm . though if do noc win the money I would have at the poker table , it 's okay because you guy pay for most of che breakfasc . mike just one question - how do she rate with lincoln ? '' they drive off . int : mitch 's house - oawn 105 Mitch walk into he house , think of he evening and smile . mitch mother be stand there and he momentarily get a '' obedient son 's expression on he face . as if she 's be prepare for hour , she 's not mad but rather reasonable when she confront he . . mitch 's mother okay , this be you one . you sister tell I everything so I have decide to make this deal with you . I be go to try to be open-minded , but next cime you come in at sunrise , we be go to have some trouble . Mitch kind of shrug he shoulder and raise he hand as if to say ' okay , good . 's he continue on to he room , slip off he shoe and walk over to he bed . not quite finish , he mother poke she head in he room . mitch 's mother ( continue ) so what , be you drunk ? and who 's that girl in the camaro that give you a ride ? Mitch just lay down on the bed , grin slightly , and slowly close he eye . dissolve to : 116 , ext : highway - pawn 106 - pickford , Michelle , pink and a recent ly-awakene slater be speed down the early morning highway . pickford drive while slater and Michelle finish roll a joint in the back seat , they fire it up while pink turn up the volume on the stereo and then stare out at the empty road ahead the end