D ead to MI " Pilot " written by Liz feldman fl writer 's draft 3/20/18 dead to I " Pilot " 1 . 3/20/18 fade in : ext . laguna beach - day Judy garland 's '' get happy '' play as the camera surf through the street of laguna Beach . it 's another perfect day . Sun shine through the palm tree , bird chirp and the ocean wash up on the shore in the distance . we focus in on a volvo suv as it turn into a parking lot . ext . parking lot - continuous jen , poise and put together , pull she suv into a parking spot . she check she eye make - up in the mirror . it 's smudge from cry . she wipe the runny mascara off she cheek , put on some lipstick and gather herself . int . jen 's volvo - continuous the song '' paralyze '' by the hardcore german death metal band caliban blast on Jen 's stereo . music ( v.o. ) you fucking prick / drop dead / you make I sick / blegh / you fucking prick / drop dead / you make I sick / get out of my head . Jen , unfaze by the music , blot she lipstick on a napkin . she take a deep breath , grab she purse and exit the car . ext . heisler park - day Jen walk up a beautifully garden pathway to a charming , bluffside gazebo . a sign attach to the gazebo 's entrance read '' Friends of Heaven . '' int . heisler park gazebo - continuous Jen , uncomfortable , head to a underwhelm snack table as worn -out - looking people gather . she pour herself coffee , take a sip and spit it right back into she cup . judy approach , smile . she exude warmth , a touch of hippy and just a sliver of sadness . jen ( to Judy ) skip the coffee . it 's awful . judy I make it . dead to I " Pilot " 2 . 3/20/18 jen I be sorry . judy I be kid . it 's terrible . ( extend she hand ) I be Judy . jen ( hesitantly shake it Jen . judy beautiful day , right ? jen ( over it ) it always be . judy I love you blouse . it 's a good color for you . most people do not know they palate . they 's 11 wear a spring when they be a fall but you know you be a winter and that 's huge . jen thanks . judy ( playful ) you come to this group often ? jen my first time . judy I too . ( then ) I x11 leave you alone . ( then ) but sorry , hope this be not weird ... you do real estate , right ? I feel like I have see you picture on like a bus bench . you and a cute gay guy . jen yeah , that 's I . and Christopher , who do not think he look gay in that picture . dead to I " Pilot " 3 . 3/20/18 judy oh , I do not mean it in a bad way . Gay be a beautiful thing . who do not want a gay real estate agent ? jen which bench do you see ? judy the one where you be like -- Judy put she hand on she hip and fake smile . jen no , I mean , I guess I mean where do you live ? judy sorry . Newport . jen ( surprised ) you live in Newport ? judy yeah , I do not think I belong there either . jen not belong there be a good thing . Jen grab a business card from she purse and hand it to Judy . jen ( cont ’d ) if you ever need a realtor . judy I might , thank you . sorry , I hope this be not weird but ... can I ... hug you ? jen - no. judy okay . jen I do not really like to be touch . dead to I " Pilot " 4 , 3/20/18 judy that 's okay . sorry , I be just , I ’ma hugger and I think you kinda look like you need a hug . jen do I ? judy well , you be here . jen I be really fine . flashback to : int . gorgeous ocean view house - day Jen , in a angry rage , throw a decorative side table at christopher , she church - go - gay real estate partner . he lunge out of the way , as the table shatter a slide glass door . they client , a rich orange county couple , look on in fear . back to : int . heisler park gazebo - moment later Jen and Judy sit in a circle of chair with pastor wayne , a kind , older man with a bad toupee , kyle , a middle - age feeling - eater , yolanda , a religious older black woman , wendy , a sweet lesbian , and linda , dead inside . pastor wayne look like we have some new people today . he look at Jen , expectantly . jen that 's okay . pastor wayne alright . well , welcome to Friends of Heaven . I be pastor Wayne . as some of you know , I like to start out we grief circle by talk about a loss I live through , that get I into this work . Nice haircut , Wendy . Wendy smile . dead to I " Pilot " 5 . 3/20/18 pastor wayne ( cont ’d ) my aunt fall down a flight of stair and crack she head open and ble out as she five - year - old son watch . and I be the one who ask she to get I a soda from the basement . so , I live with that . and that 's a little something about I . judy oh my god . pastor wayne I appreciate that . be there a loss you have have that you have like to share with we today ? judy I ... um , I lose my fiancé eight week ago . ( tear up ) I be Judy . pastor wayne hi , Judy . judy hi. ( beat ) it be really sudden . one minute we be eat dinner and then the next , he be go . flashback to : int . hospital hallway - night Judy , in a pretty summer dress , be double over , cry next to a nurse . nurse I be sorry . judy ( through messy tear ) thank you . back to : int . heisler park gazebo - moment later all eye on Judy . dead to I " Pilot " 6 . 3/20/18 yolanda heart attack ? judy ( nod ) he be forty - nine . jen ( sympathetic ) that suck . judy ( through messy tear ) thank you . pastor wayne thank you for share that . do anyone else new want to share about a loss they be live with ? everyone look at Jen . jen no . pastor wayne at you own pace . kyle ( sotto , to Jen ) I do not talk my first week either . pastor wayne so , last week we start talk about the '' F word . '' Jen and Judy exchange a confuse look . pastor wayne ( cont 'd ) forgiveness . forgiveness can be very difficult , and it can take time , even a lifetime , but it 's a way through . sometimes we need to forgive the person who pass , a doctor maybe , a emt who arrive too late , God , maybe ourselves . but , no matter what the circumstance , everyone be deserve of forgiveness . judy you really think that ? pastor wayne Jesus think that . dead to I " Pilot " 7 . 3/20/18 yolanda amen . jen -- how do you forgive someone for hit you husband with they car , then drive away and leave he to bleed to death on the side of a road ? the room go quiet as everyone look at jen. title sequence : dead to I int . heisler park gazebo - same all eye still on Jen . jen no , that 's it . I do not really want to get into it , I just -- someone else can go . int . heisler park gazebo - a little later the group give Judy supportive look . judy ( choke back tear ) it feel like such a deep ache . not just for how much I miss he , but for the thing I will not even get to miss . we be three month away from we wedding . I have my dream dress hang in my closet . it 's a 1950 's vintage princess scoop neck . wendy oh , pretty . judy yeah , it fit really well . yolanda I miss my husband so much sometimes I think I ’1ll be sick . pastor wayne this thing take time . yolanda it 's be eighteen year . dead to I " Pilot " 8 . 3/20/18 jen ( to herself ) Jesus Christ . judy why do people have to die ? kyle and why do we have to forgive ? ( then , be : Jen ) she 's suppose to forgive a hit and run driver ? I be suppose to forgive cancer ? Cancer leave my daughter without a mom . fuck cancer . Cancer 's a big fat crooked dick . sorry , pastor . pastor wayne ( uncomfortable ) alright . yolanda ( start to cry when do the pain go away ? pastor wayne it will . linda or it will not . jen be this -- I be sorry -- be this suppose to be make I feel better ? because this be -- you be all very sad . and I be really truly sorry , but I have enough of my own misery . I do not have room for anyone else 's . pastor wayne of course , I know it can feel that way . it 's okay that you be feel whatever you be feel : sad , angry , defensive -- jen I be not defensive , I be just -- I be tired . judy I be tired too . pastor wayne ( to Jen ) can you tell we about that ? dead to I " Pilot " 9 . 3/20/18 jen I just have not be sleep . I be never a good sleeper , but since Ted die , I do not sleep . not naturally , anyway . and I do not want to take pill , I be not apill person . I have two kid , two boy who need I and I be not gonna be one of that xanax ambien Zombie mom . Linda , dead -face , give Jen a know look . judy Night be really hard . jen yeah . judy morning suck too . jen yeah . well , they be okay for like two second -- judy -- but then you remember . jen exactly . judy and it 's like you be live ina recur nightmare -- but you can not wake up , because you be awake . jen ( be : Judy ) she get it . judy I get it . Jen and Judy share she a small smile . two peas in a sad , tired pod . ext . heisler park gazebo - later the group be disperse . as Jen head out , Judy stop she . judy I be up all night . Judy hand Jen a small piece of paper . dead to I " Pilot " 10 . 3/20/18 judy ( cont 'd ) feel free to call I and we can not sleep together . int . laguna beach realty - later Jen enter a beach chic office as Christopher , in a neck brace , whip around in he desk chair . christopher ( startle ) Jesus in heaven ! Jen , you know I be still a little on edge . jen I tell you I be sorry . christopher yes , I get the orchid , thank you . jen I go . to that grief group . christopher you do ? pastor Wayne there ? jen he be . christopher he ask about I ? j.k. I be glad you go . do it help ? jen yeah , I be completely better . christopher be sarcasm one of the stage of grief ? jen yeah , it 's right after throw shit at you business partner when they say '' maybe you just should be grateful for the time you have with you dead husband . '' christopher I do not think that 's a real stage . ( off she look ) Jen , I be just try to help you . and , frankly , after thirteen year , it 's hurtful you think of I as just you '' business partner . '' dead to I " Pilot " 11 . 3/20/18 jen you know what I mean . christopher you know I love you , right ? you be like family to I . jen you do not like you family . christopher you know what I mean . jen any word from vista Glen ? the repair estimate come in ? christopher yeah . eighty -five-hundred . the door be custom . jen Fine , we will make it up when we sell it . christopher we will not actually . they drop we . and so do Valley drive . when they hear what happen at vista Glen . jen fuck . fuck . christopher listen , Jenny , you have be through a tragic loss , just a total nightmare . maybe you should think about take some time off -- jen ( sharp ) I do not want to take any fuck time off ! christopher ( a little scared ) okay ! jen sorry . ( then ) I 'il find we a new list . a good one . I promise . I will make it up to you . dead to I " Pilot " 12 . 3/20/18 christopher okay . you do that . ( beat ) and you let I know if there 's anything I can do for you and the kid . jen wanna come over for dinner Saturday ? christopher can not this weekend . the boy and I be in Palm Springs . but let 's raincheck that for sure . int . laguna assisted live facility - afternoon a pastel - paint rec room fill with elderly people play card , read , and stare out the window . Judy approach abe , 86 , sharper than the rest . judy abe , the nurse say you be not take you statin . she ask I to see what 's go on . not that I need a excuse to talk to the hot guy in here . abe that 's not say a lot . if you consider the other contestant . judy what 's go on ? why be not you take they ? abe I do not need ‘em . it 's not a concern . I survive the holocaust , high cholesterol do not really move the needle for I . what I really need be some reefer . judy what ? ( sotto ) you already go through what I give you ? abe what else be I do ? judy you could be do a lot . there 's a bridge tournament on tuesday , I lead a chair yoga class every morning -- dead to I " Pilot " 13 . 3/20/18 abe I do not have the knee for yoga . judy it 's very low impact . abe I just do not want to . judy okay , I ’1ll get some pot for you . abe thank you . judy ( present pill cup ) but you have to take this for I . because I love you . and I can not deal with lose anyone else right now ... she start to choke back tear . abe hey , hey , now . Judy , do not cry , come on . do not cry . i’1l take ‘em . I x11 take ‘em . judy I be sorry ... I be just , I think I be feel a little alone right now . abe right now , of course . I understand . ( take she hand ) you know , after lydia die , I never think I would meet anyone or love anyone again . but I be wrong , right ? judy yeah . abe because then I meet Diane . judy right , you be right . ( beat ) but then Diane die . abe that 's true . dead to I " Pilot " 14 . 3/20/18 int . jen 's house - evening Jen 's at the door . karen , a uptight Orange County mom , hand she a casserole . karen so , you just heat it up at three hundred and leave it in for thirty - five minute . jen thanks , Karen . but you really do not have to keep -- karen it 's my take on mexican lasagna . jen ( curt ) great . karen it 's nothing . we just do not want you to think you be alone . Jeff and I be here for you . if you ever want to talk . jen thanks . karen just can not imagine what you be go through . jen well , it 's like if Jeff be hit by acar and die . suddenly . and violently . karen right . ( then , be : casserole ) well , you get that dish back to I whenever you can . no rush -- Jen shut the door in she face . int . dine room - evening Jen eat the casserole with she son , charlie , 14 , all edge , and henry , 9 , all soft . charlie why be there raisin in this ? dead to I " Pilot " 15 . 3/20/18 jen I honestly do not know . henry I like it . charlie I be sick of other people 's food . jen I too . charlie I miss dad 's cooking . jen I too . charlie it 's so not fair . jen which part ? charlie why do we dad have to die ? why do not Tyler 's dad die ? Rick . that guy 's a douche . Jen can not help but nod in agreement . henry I like Rick . int . vegan restaurant - night a white guy in a turban hand Judy a take - out container . white guy namaste . judy thanks , Glen . int . henry 's bedroom - evening Jen tuck Henry in . she turn off a lamp , and switch on he night light . henry you have to wait ' till I be asleep . all the way asleep . dead to I " Pilot " 16 . 3/20/18 jen I know , boop . henry mommy , I do not want to go to school tomorrow . jen no kid . henry I want to go to work with you . jen I know , hen , but we can not do that anymore . it 's be three month . we gotta go back to normal . henry ( get work up ) but I want to be with you . jen I know . I know you do . ( then ) you know , honey , what happen to you dad be a accident . charlie ( 0o.s . ) as far as we know . jen ( yell ) Charlie , please ! ( then , to Henry ) what happen to you dad be a freak accident . henry yeah . jen and nothing like that be go to happen to I . I be go to be fine . I promise . so , you do not have to worry , okay ? henry I be not worried something be go to happen to you . jen ( not buy it ) no ? then what be you worried about ? dead to I " Pilot " 17 . 3/20/18 Henry take Jen 's hand in he as he close he eye . henry I just do not want you to be alone . int . jen 's bedroom - a little later Jen ugly sob under the cover . it 's a big master bedroom and she seem small in it . she get up , muffle she cry with a pillow , as she cross into the bathroom . she pee , still cry into a pillow . int . jen 's bedroom - a little later we see Jen go through she nightly ritual : - she pump full speed on the elliptical , drench in sweat . - she finish a work e-mail on she laptop . she type : '' , .. perfect time to list you house . it 's a seller 's market ! '' - she watch a old movie on tv , dress in she husband 's pajamas , she wet hair in a towel . - she look at she husband 's side of the bed . - she stare at the ceiling fan spin . her bedside clock read : 12:06 . then , at a loss , she take out Judy 's number . intercut with : int . judy 's bedroom - same time Judy , wide awake , lay in the dark , watch Oprah 's supersoul Sunday . her phone ring , she answer and we intercut the follow conversation : judy hello ? jen hi ... it 's Jen ... from the grief group . judy ( perk up ) hiiii . jen sorry , I do not know why I call you . dead to I " Pilot " 18 . 3/20/18 judy it 's okay , I say you could . jen be it too late ? judy yeah , I be totally asleep . jen I too . a beat . judy you in bed ? jen yeah . judy ( suggestively ) what be you wear ? jen ( take aback ) what ? judy what be you wear ? jen my husband 's sweatpant and a T-shirt he get for run a 5 k for psoriasis . judy slower . jen you be a weird person , Judy . judy thank you . ( then ) do you husband like run ? or do he just hate psoriasis ? Jen go silent . judy ( cont ’d ) sorry , you do not have to talk about he if you do not want to . dead to I " Pilot " 19 . 3/20/18 a long beat . jen he like run . but he come to it later . he start when he be forty -- the couch to 5 k app . judy what make he start ? jen he be get doughy . judy yeah , guy get that middle age man puff . jen oh , he be get a full on beer belly . but he also get beer neck . judy beer neck ! jen I get on he a little , ' cause he be lazy , and I be physically repulse by he -- judy you be not . jen ( she be ) okay . judy go on . jen so ... he start run . get really into it . he be training for the maui marathon . I be proud of he . he be in the best shape of he life when the car hit he . judy I be so sorry . jen yeah . ( then , listen ) be you eat something ? dead to I " Pilot " 20 . 3/20/18 judy it 's a donut . ( take a bite ) and honestly , I feel really good about it . int . jen 's kitchen / judy 's bedroom - a little later Jen eat a entenmann 's donut at she kitchen island , still on the phone with Judy . the microwave clock read 12:47 . jen ..-. Ted be always a gift writer , even then . and he be the only guy in my dorm who listen to Ani difranco . judy I love ani. jen she 's not for I , but I like that about he . ( beat , then ) I have not really talk about he much since he die . judy we can stop . I do not mean to pry -- jen no ... it 's , um , it 's nice . int . jen 's bedroom / judy 's bedroom - later Jen lay sideways across she bed , still on the phone with Judy . her bedside clock read 2:38 . jen do you get it ? Judy look at a photo on she phone . judy be that he ? jen no , that 's my other husband . judy oh , you have another one ? you be fine . jen yeah , but if something happen to he ... dead to I " Pilot " 21 . 3/20/18 they laugh . jen ( cont ’d ) it feel weird to be laugh . judy I think it 's okay . jen okay . judy when do you think it 's okay to masturbate again ? ( then , off Jen 's silence ) sorry , I do not have any one else to ask . jen no , yeah , I do not know the answer to that . ( then ) not now ? I guess . judy I will google it . Jen yawn . judy ( cont ’d ) ( be : yawn ) I hear that . you should ride that wave and go to sleep . jen no , I wanna see a photo of Steve . judy I have have to look . Jen 's phone ding . Judy send ten photo . judy ( cont ’d ) found some . Jen scroll through the pic . Steve be a cute , clean cut , well - dress man . Jen stop on a photo of Steve stand in front of a beautiful , expensive look Newport Beach house . jen be that you house ? judy yeah . dead to I " Pilot " jen wow . ( a beat , then ) he 's not what I picture . judy yeah , Steve be a real normal . Judy get choke up . jen handsome though . judy yeah . I think he have a JFK Jr. vibe when we meet . jen oh , JFK Jr. so hot . judy so hot . jen then so sad . judy so sad . that death seem like really ? that family have not be through enough ? jen seriously . and you gotta take down the wife and the sister ? Jen yawn again . judy you 's be tired . jen I think I be . you be not ? judy not really , but I x11 let you go . jen no. ( beat ) would you mind ... would you mind just wait ' till I fall asleep ? judy oh. okay . 22 . 3/20/18 dead to I " Pilot " 23 . 3/20/18 jen like all the way asleep . judy yeah , yeah , of course . jen thanks . a beat . judy should I keep talk -- jen no , because then I will not be able to fall asleep . judy right . Judy stay on the phone , as Jen drift off to sleep . montage : as '' do not worry baby '' by the Beach boy play , we see : int . jen 's bedroom - morning - Jen wake up with she phone next to she on the pillow . ext . laguna beach STREET - day - Jen drive , size up different house . - Jen approach a older man water he giant lawn . she hand he she card . int . judy 's newport beach house - day - Judy walk out of a huge walk - in closet , smell one of she fiancé 's shirt . she lay down on the bed and spoon it . ext . laguna beach boardwalk - the next day - Judy sit on a bench , alone , eat a salad . a young mother , push a adorable baby in a stroller , sit beside she . Judy make a silly face at the baby , and it smile . the young mother look at Judy , a little weird out . int . weed store - day - Judy busy a bunch of weed and a can of peanut . dead to I " Pilot " 24 , 3/20/18 ext . laguna beach STREET - day - Jen drive , check out every car park on the street . - Jen pull over , get out and walk up to a car with adent front bumper . she write down the license plate number . int . laguna assisted live facility - the next day - Judy nonchalantly hand abe a can of peanut . he open the lid , peak inside and smile . end montage . int . jen 's bedroom / judy 's bedroom - a few night later Jen lie in bed , sip a glass of wine , on the phone with Judy , who light incense on a small table decorate with crystal , feather and a deck of affirmation card . her tv flicker in the background . judy oh my god , yes ! jen right ? if I know it be over , I would start smoking immediately . judy immediately . smoke be the great thing that slowly kill you . jen the great . a beat . judy ooo , fact of life be on . jen what channel ? judy 376 . Jen grab the remote and find the channel . jen I love this show . judy love it . dead to I " Pilot " 25 . 3/20/18 they watch for a moment . jen it 's not hold up . judy no. ( then ) wait . I do not remember . how small be this school ? be it just the five of they ? jen no , they live in a dorm together and they be friend . this very different girl who would never be friend . Jen take a sip of wine . match CUT to : int . judy 's bedroom / jen 's bedroom - a few night later close on Judy as she take a sip of wine . we widen to reveal she 's now in a fresh pair of pajamas . we intercut with Jen , who 's in another pair of she husband 's pajamas . they watch a different episode of '' fact of life . '' jen ( be : fact of life ) how do I not know this be on every night ? more importantly , why be the other girl fifteen but tootie be like nine ? judy ( laugh ) I do not know . but have anyone ever tell you you be kind of a Blair ? jen what ?! fuck you . I be a jo . judy you sure ? Cause I have know you for like two week , so I feel like I would know . jen I be a jo ! judy okay ! dead to I " Pilot " 26 . 3/20/18 jen why ? who be you ? judy I be a tootie . it 's layer . how be you a jo? jen I be tough . I be from Brooklyn . judy Brooklyn ? how do I not know that ? you do not sound like you be from Brooklyn . jen I use to have a accent . judy what have you sound like ? jen like someone with a Brooklyn accent . judy like how ? jen ( reluctantly do Brooklyn accent ) like dis . judy ( laugh ) that 's fantastic . jen ( laugh ) I hate you . int . heisler park gazebo - day Judy enter with two Starbucks coffee and hand one to Jen . Jen smile . they take they seat next to each other in the circle as pastor Wayne start the group . int . henry 's bedroom - night Jen lay wide awake next to Henry . she check to make sure he 's asleep . she poke he a little . he do not budge . int . jen 's bedroom - next night Jen get into bed and dial she phone . dead to I " Pilot " 27 . 3/20/18 int . jen 's foyer - a little later Judy stand at the door hold a bottle of wine in one hand . she pull she other arm from behind she back to reveal a second bottle of wine . ext . jen 's backyard - a little later Jen and Judy sit at the edge of the pool , drink wine , they foot dangle in the water . it 's a bougie backyard , the kind with a outdoor couch and a guesthouse . judy ( laugh ) oh wow . jen yeah . Christopher think he mean well but he just consistently say the exact wrong thing . judy so you have to throw a decorative end table at he ? jen yeah . and then he give I a ultimatum -- grief group or anger management . and I be very attach to my anger . judy I like you anger . I admire it . jen that 's because you have not be on the receive end of it . judy I mean , there may be a healthier way you can channel it . like meditation or -- jen please . judy you do not let I finish . or murder . jen I meditate . in my own way . dead to I " Pilot " 28 . 3/20/18 int . jen 's volvo - moment later Jen and Judy sit in the car as caliban 's '' paralyze '' blast . Jen scream along to every word . jen you fucking prick / drop dead / you make I sick / blegh / you fucking prick / drop dead / you make I sick / get out of my head . Judy be stunne , a little scared and kind of delighted . int . jen 's volvo - later Jen and Judy speed down Coast highway , still listen to caliban . Judy be try , and fail , to get into the music . ext . laguna beach STREET - a little later Judy watch as Jen inspect a car with a dent in the front bumper . judy do you do this a lot ? jen no , just every time I see a car witha person-sized dent in the front bumper . judy ( try not to judge ) okay . jen the cop keep say hit and run be almost impossible to solve . judy but you feel like maybe you can find the person this way ? jen no . Jen write down the license plate number . dead to I " Pilot " 29 . 3/20/18 int . jen 's volvo - a little later Jen and Judy have the window down , caliban still blast . out the window we see Jen and Christopher 's ad on a bus bench . Jen give the ad the finger as she race past it . judy ( shouting over the music I have a idea . ext . top of the world STREET - moment later Jen and Judy stand at the edge of a dramatic scenic cliff . they both let out primal scream into the valley , as they scream echo back . ext . beach - night Jen and Judy sit on the sand . jen I have not be to the beach at night in so long . judy I love it . I really want to get aplace on the water . just a condo . just to hear the wave . but Steve want a salt water pool . jen ( be : ocean ) what the fuck do he think this be ? judy ( laugh ) I know . Judy pull out a joint and light it . jen what be you do ? judy it 's legal . relax . she offer a puff to Jen . jen no , no -- I be not a drug person . dead to I " Pilot " 30 . 3/20/18 judy it 's not drug , it 's a plant . it 'il help you sleep . Judy hand it to she . Jen reluctantly take a puff , but she 's clearly comfortable handle a joint . judy ( cont ’d ) you totally smoke pot . jen I do . with Ted , but it 's be year . judy well , I be happy to reacquaint you . jen ( be : the pot ) oh , you feel , like , immediately nice . judy ( laugh ) yeah . jen hey . I hope this be not weird , but -- judy that 's my line . jen but thank you . judy for what ? jen for just , I do not know , show up in my life . like a weird little pot fairy . and for not say and do the same stupid shit that everyone say and do that make you feel more alone than you already do . and for not be repulse by ... my version of grief . judy ( touch ) thank you . for the same . it 's a really nice moment . a friendship seal . judy ( cont 'd ) wow , one puff and you get all mushy . dead to I " Pilot " 31 . 3/20/18 jen alright , alright . int . jen 's car / judy 's bedroom - next night the phone ring through Jen 's bluetooth . we intercut as Judy pick up . judy good evening . jen good evening . judy ( put she shoe on ) shall I head over ? jen no , because I be come to you . judy what ? jen you have be come to I for week . judy you do not even know where I live . Jen look at she phone . she zoom in on the photo of Steve stand in front of they house . the house number be right behind he . jen yeah I do . ext . newport beach house - continuous Jen pull up to the match house . she get out , a box of donut in hand . she knock on the door . no answer . she knock again . the door open . a man stand there in he robe . Jen immediately recognize he . it 's steve . steve can I help you ? jen ( floor ) Steve ? steve yeah . dead to I " Pilot " 32 . 3/20/18 jen you're ... alive . steve ( confuse ) yeah . it 's eleven -thirty . what be happen ? do I know you ? jen no , but I know Judy . Jen 's phone ring . she look . it 's Judy call . steve Judy do not live here anymore . jen she do not ? steve not since we break up three month ago . and if you see she , tell she to stop come here when I be at work or I ’mgonna change the lock . jen I be so -- I be sorry to bother you . steve goodnight . Steve start to shut the door . Jen stop he . she take something out of she purse and hand it to he . jen maybe it 's better if she do not know where you live . ( then ) it 's a seller 's market . Steve look at she business card and back at she , not know what to make of any of it . int . judy 's room - same Judy pace and frantically call Jen again . her voicemail pick up . judy Jen , I can explain . ( break down ) please call I . I be so sorry . please let I explain . dead to I " Pilot " 33 . 3/20/18 int . heisler park gazebo - the next day Jen charge in , just as the group take they seat in the circle . Jen head right for Judy . jen what the fuck ? pastor wayne what 's go on ? judy Jen , please . jen why do not you tell they what 's go on , Judy ? kyle ( to Wendy ) I guess kate and allie be have trouble . judy I can explain . jen what ? that you be a imposter ? that you be a fuck fraud ? that you have be lie to I and to everyone pretend to be a fuck widow ? or a pre-widow , or whatever the fuck you wanna call it ! judy just let I -- jen go ahead . judy it 's complicated -- jen it 's not complicated ! ( to group ) her fiancé be not dead ! unless he fuck ghost answer the door last night ! because that would be complicated ! but it 's not complicated ! it 's pretty fuck simple -- he 's not fuck dead ! judy Jen , please ! dead to I " Pilot " 34 . 3/20/18 jen what ?! do you get off pretend you be go through what I be go through ? be it like some kind of sick game you be play with I ? with all of we ? pretend like you lose someone ? make up a whole fuck story ?! what the fuck be wrong with you ?! you do not belong in here ! you do not lose he ! he fuck break up with you , probably because you be a fuck lunatic who lie about she fiancé be dead ! pastor wayne Jen , please -- settle down . kyle yeah , let she talk . jen I do not want to let she fuck talk , Kyle ! yolanda I would like to hear what Judy have to say . wendy I too . Jen sit in a huff . judy I do not know what to say -- jen ( sarcastic ) well , that be powerful . pastor Wayne shoot Jen a look . judy I be sorry . Jen , I be so sorry . you have no idea . I be sorry to all of you . I really be . I do not know why -- I swear I be not try to pull anything . or hurt anyone . I never want to hurt anyone . but it 's true -- Steve be alive . he do not die three month ago , but I do lose he . because he break up with I . jen well , that 's not the fuck same ! dead to I " Pilot " 35 . 3/20/18 judy he break up with I because he desperately want to have kid , and I try . a lot . for year . but I just keep have miscarriage . flashback to : int . hospital hallway - night match to the previous flashback : Judy , in a pretty summer dress , be double over , cry next to a nurse . nurse I be so sorry . judy ( through messy tear ) thank you . nurse let 's get you to you room . as Judy stand up , we see blood on the front of she dress . the nurse put a arm around Judy and escort she down the hall . back to : int . heisler park gazebo - day everyone be focus on Judy , except for Jen , who can not bring herself to look at she . yolanda oh , honey . judy I be not always sure if I want to be a mother , to be honest . but the first time I get pregnant , it be ... I just never experience a pure joy like that . I never feel so close to something . but I could not ... hold on to it . I keep try . kept want it to work ... but something inside I just do not . after the fifth one , Steve be do . he decide maybe if he find someone young , or less break inside ... and none of that matter . I be sorry I misrepresent myself . I should never have come here . ( then ) Jen , I be so sorry I hurt you -- it 's the last thing I want to do . ( more ) dead to I " Pilot " 36 . 3/20/18 judy ( cont 'd ) ( break down ) I really cherish we friendship . I really do . I be so sorry . Judy rush out the door , in a trail of tear . jen Jesus Christ . linda what a terrible story . jen yeah , if you believe it . kyle what 's wrong with you ? jen I ? what about she ? pastor wayne she 's in pain and I know you be too , but that do not make it okay for you to attack someone like that . kyle ( to Jen ) do not you guy hang out all the time ? how do you not know any of that ? do you ever ask she about she life ? jen ( defensive ) yeah -- wendy you do not need to expose she like that . yolanda you make she feel like she do not belong here . she have every right to sit in this circle . poor girl 's have five miscarriage . linda I really feel for she . kyle yeah , I mean in a lot of way , she life be sadder than ... a lot of ours . jen she lie ! dead to I " Pilot " 37 . 3/20/18 pastor wayne Jen . everyone 's grief manifest in different way . Judy lie . you fly into a terrifying rage . we be all do we best , and there 's no right way through , but you have get to start reconciling that anger inside of you . Jen seethes . pastor wayne ( cont ’d ) do not let it cause you more grief than you already have . a beat as this land on she . int . jen 's car - afternoon Jen turn on she engine and caliban start blaring . she punch the off button hard and start to cry . int . judy 's room - night Judy , devastate , smoke a cigarette out the window . she check she phone , to see if maybe it 's ringing . it read : 12:06 . match CUT to : int . jen 's bedroom - later Jen 's phone read 12:06 . she put it down and turn she tv on . we hear a scene from '' the fact of life . '' int . laguna assisted live facility - the next morning a nurse point Jen toward Judy , who be organize a shelf of board game . Judy look at Jen , but can not make eye contact . jen you could have just tell I . judy yeah , well I do not . I do not know why . I just do not . jen well , you have issue . judy you have no idea . jen I get ‘em too . dead to I " Pilot " 38 . 3/20/18 judy you 's be allow . jen so be you . I mean , it 's weird that you lie about Steve . it 's fuck up . but maybe it be easier to lie about that than tell the truth about the other stuff . judy maybe . jen I be sorry I say you do not belong there . judy but I do not . jen but you do . you have lose a lot too . judy yeah , but people have miscarriage all the time . it 's not like actual -- jen I think it be . not if a Republican be ask , but -- you hear a heartbeat and you fall in love in that heartbeat . judy ( choke up ) yeah . jen the whole Steve story might have be make up but you grief be real . judy ( a beat , as she get overwhelm with emotion ) I should remove myself from here because this be where I work and I be snot on the carpet . as Judy head out toward the hall , abe approach she . abe you okay , doll ? Judy manage a smile at abe as she head out of the roomand Jen follow . dead to I " Pilot " 39 . 3/20/18 int . judy 's room - moment later Jen look around this small , depress assist live facility bedroom . jen this be where you be whenever we talk on the phone ? judy yeah . they have be let I stay here until I find a place . room open up all the time . jen I bet . judy thank you for come here . I do not think you would ever talk to I again . you be so angry . jen told you you would not like it . judy I do not . that be -- you be scary . jen sorry . ( then , take in the room ) look , this might be weird but -- my guest house be open . it be Ted 's office but it 's not like he 's use it . I can not bring myself to set foot in there . but you 's be welcome to . judy welcome to what ? jen to come and stay with we . judy that 's very generous , but you do not have to take pity on I just because I ’ma thirty - eight - year - old barren woman sleep at a assist live facility . jen yeah , I do . seriously , come . dead to I " Pilot " 40 . 3/20/18 judy I do not know . jen it will be good . we can cut down we phone bill . judy I think you do not have room for anyone else 's sadness . jen I can try to make some . judy thank you . ( a beat ) can I hug you now ? jen yeah , but only because you look like you need it . Judy hug Jen . they stay there a while . it 's warm and sweet . ext . newport beach house - day Jen and Christopher hammer a for sale sign into the lawn ofa house . the front door open . Steve walk out as we widen to reveal it 's he house . int . storage facility - day Judy open the garage door to she storage facility . she flip on the light and we see the side of a vintage volkswagen and shelf fill with box and lamp , etc . she grab a suitcase from a shelf , pull some clothes froma box and pack they into she suitcase . she open the trunk of the car and grab some sneaker and a pair of boot . she shut the trunk and walk to the front of the car . she look at it and take a breath . as she stand there , we slowly pan out to see that she 's look at a big person - size dent in she front bumper . she turn off the light and pull the garage door down , as Judy garland 's '' get happy '' begin to play . and we ... fade to black . end of show