silence aka shhh written by leigh whannell & James Wan evolution entertainment March 2,2005 901 n. hichland Ave. 2nd draft Les Angeles , CA 90038 this script be mean to be read late at right . fade in : int . bedroom - night a candle . '' its flame pulse , throw a halo of light orto a bone white wall . in the jaundice glow , the silhouette of a woman sit on the edge of a bed . lying in the bed be another figure , also veile in shadow . the woman tuck the figure in . they face remain hide in darkness as the scene play out . ' woman time to go to sleep . boy tell I another story . woman it 's get late . tomorrow night . boy go on . I promise I will be good for the rest of the year if you do . the woman laugh . woman what kind of story ? boy a scary one . woman I do not know if I should . you will have nightmare and wake up scream . Boy I will not ! I swear it , I swear it ! the woman sigh . woman well , I hope you be right about not - scream . ( beat ) that 's the last thing you would ever want to do . ' boy KS why ? the woman lean forward and whisper . . woman because Mary Shaw might hear you . boy who 's Mary Shaw ? woman what ? you mean you do not know the tale cf Mary Shaw ? boy ne. tell I ! we move away from the bed , search through the inky darkness . a spotlight illuminate a young girl of about five . she sit at a child 's size table , pour tea for a doll . woman ( v.0 . ) once in the town of raven 's Fair , a little girl name Mary , sit alone in despair . no one love this little girl , neither hugge she nor kiss she , we so she talk to she doll , like they be brother and sister . we move past the little girl , search through the dark and find Mary at age 17 . she be pregnant . woman ( v.0 . ) when Mary leave home , she go straight out and marry , and soon in she belly , a child she carry . a moustached man , who be clearly drunk , step up behind Mary , slapping she viciously and attacking her . woman ( v.0 . ) that be ' till the night , she husband attack she , she lose the baby , and sadness do wrack she . everything go dark , then another spotlight sword through the space , give light to a haggard and desperate look Mary , nursing one of she childhood doll . she whisper to it . we woman ( v.0 . } ne some say she go mad , a little round the bend , because she start talk , to she dolis again . a red velvet curtain behind Mary part , revealing mary , now a old woman , sit on a stage with a classic ventriloquist's dummy on she lap . woman ( v.0 . ) to Mary it be not a toy , make of nut , bolt and wood , to she she hold a live be , the child she never could . over the year she make a live , talk to that doll , @ ventriloguist she become , the most talented of all . as a unseen audience roar with applause , the red velvet curtain close , and we ascend into the blackness - find the weary figure of Mary trudging up a set of stair . woman ( v.c. ) 5 then late one night , i when she return to she room , hide high above the stage , ~ dark and cramped like a tomb ... Mary step into she live quarter . behind eer , a man kick open the door . it be the husband who attack she . earlier . woman ( v.0 . ) - .. sher husband the brute , as usual , horribly drunk , hear Mary talk back to he , and demand she tongue ! the man hurl Mary onto a table , pin she down and hold a razor aloft . woman ( v.0 . ) Mary resist , would not open she mouth , so he make she scream , and then cut it out ! Mary scream - and the man sever she tongue with the razor . darkness descend on Mary , as she cry and cower in a corner , next to a empty baby crib . her back be to we , she face bury in she hand . she turn and step up onto a stool , slip she head =nto a noose . woman ( v.o. ) Mary could not go on , '' without she tongue , she put she head in a noose , and from it she swing . Mary step off the stool , swinging in the noose . her ventriloquist dummy be slump in a chair opposite she . woman ( v.0 . ) but after that night , it be say , that Mary Shaw , be not really dead . something have go , from she into the doll , she spirit find a way , to exact a terrible toll . we move away , another spotlight show we Mary 's husband lie in bed . a noise stir he awake and he sit up . woman ( v.0 . ) her ghost would leave , the doll nat night , and appear to people , to cause they fright . and if that people , who see she do scream , they tongue would be go -— rip out clean . a shadow fall over Mary 's husband and he scream ! a cluster of gas lantern swarm into view ; the figure hold they be ali clutching Mary 's ventriloquist dummy . they wrap the doll in rosary bead , stuff it into a heavy trunk . woman ( v.0 . ) eventually , the town of raven Fair , could not take it anymore , not one more scare . they lock away , the curse puppet , stow it in a trunk , bolt and shut it . the trunk be slam shut and bolt with a padlock . wo we explore the darkness beyond the trunk , find ourselves once again in the dark , candle - light bedroom we open in . the woman lean forward , lowering she voice for =the finale of this Grimm poem . . woman but. should you ever see she , and you knee go weak , and you forget , to hold in you shriek , remember this word , that I have sung - it will not be the cat , that 's get you tongue . the woman let the word ring in the boy ear . boy so what do I do if Mary Shaw come to visit I ? the woman laugh . she 's enjoy this . woman there 's only one thing that can stop she . , boy what 's that , mother ? she pick up the candle next to the bed , hold it under she face . . woman silence ... dissolve to : int . various room , apartment -— night Home , sweet , home . that 's what the sign hang on the wall say . we explore the room further , find frame photo of a happy young couple , tastefully place flower arrangement and a pretty good , eleventh floor view of the city - all cramme into a shoebox apartment . ah yes , modern domestic bliss . male voice ( 0.s . ) ouch ! the voice come from the ritchen '' '' where a young man be wedge under the sink , wrenching at pipe . this be jamie ashen ( 29 ) . we can not see he face vez . a earthy , beautiful young woman enter , lisa ( 28 ) . lisa do not hurt yourself there , big guy . - jamie I be fine , it ‘s... stick , that 's all . lisa maybe we should just call someone , Jamie . Jamie emerge from under the sink . his young look match he batman T-shirt - this be one man who be not do be a boy . jamie like who ? a real man ? Lisa grin . lisa - '' I do not say that . '' jamie why do not you just castrate I and give I a membership to Oprah 's book club while you be at it ? lisa yeah , that would be fun . then we could call up a real man and let he fix the sink while we read . Jamie break into a run . Lisa scream and he chase she into the live room Jamie catch she , pin she down on the couch as she giggle hysterically . . lisa do not ! please ! Jamie sit on top of she . jamie do you want I to prove to you what -a real man I be right now ? lisa yeah - fix the sink , that oughta do it . she burst out laugh . he tighten he grip on she am . jamie I be go to , if you stop interrupt I . lisa okay , I will . ( beat ) the only thing be , I be probably go to need to use it sometime - this year , so ... she laugh again . he lower he face , hover inch above hers . they pause , stare into each cther eye . yo lisa ( oa never mind . there be other way you no . can preve you manhood to I . jamie oh really ? lisa yeah . they kiss passionately . Jamie release she arm and they curl around he . they roll over , limb entwine . this be so on . knock ! knock ! Jamie stop kissing she reluctantly . jamie timing . he get up and go to the door . jamie if this be a plumber , you be in trouble . he open the door . a delivery man be stand there , hoid a large box . delivery man Lisa tuck ? . jamie she 's inside , I will sign for it . he sign and take the package , close the door . lisa what be it ? jamie it 's a big god damned box be what it be . Lisa take it and place it on the live room table . she check the label on the package . it be address to she . there be no sender address . Jamie appear , hand she a pair of scissors . jamie come on , open it up . Lisa cut through the tape , open the box . she claw through a layer of shred newspaper , revealing a crack and peel wooden surface beneath . curious , she reach inside and lift out -- -- a ventriloquist 's dummy . the dummy be wear a tatter tuxedo - a red handkerchief hang out of the top pocket . it be the doll we see mary shaw perform with in the open scene . jamie what the hell be that ? lisa I have no idea . she scratch around through the shred newspaper , find nothing else inside the box . jamie that 's the creepiest thing I have ever see in my life . " lisa who would send it to I ? - jamie somebody creepy . : lisa it 's some kind of doll . jamie wo . a doli be something a child play with . that be something a man in a raincoat who hear voice in he head play with . lisa I want to know where it come from . jamie can you find out ? lisa I do not know . they sit the dummy on the table . it stare at they with lifeless , black pupil . lisa maybe it 's a gift from you dad . jamie he 's definitely creepy enough . lisa he call again today . jamie be you serious ? lisa he 's be try to reach you for week . jamie yeah , well ... he can keep try . a long beat . they return the dummy gaze . Lisa finally turn to face Jamie . 7 : lisa be you go to stare at this thing all night or go back to be a handyman so we can make dinner ? Jamie look down at the wrench in he hand . CUT to : int . chinese restaurant - night Jamie hand over cash in exchange for a bag of greasy chinese takeout . ext . CITY STREET , outside restaurant - night rain cascade down in sheet . Jamie step out into the downpour , shield himself with a newspaper . the concrete arch of the city loom overhead , trapping a cacophony of noise . car horn blare , siren shriek , people shout to be hear above it all . Jamie make a break for he car . a fire - truck roar past , throw water up onto he . he open the driver 's door , set off ' the alarm . int . jamie' car , parked - continuous he jump inside , shutting off the alarm and close the door , lowering the volume of the city outside . thank God . he take a deep breath . look up and see a woman sell rose in a doorway . ext . apartment build - night mid-scale . New York style . int . corridor , apartment build - night Jamie skip up the stair , seem giddy . in one hand - the takeout . in the other - a long stem rise . he reach he door , fish for he key . int . various room , apartment - same Jamie move . through the darken apartment to the kitchen . dump the takeout on the counter . he take plate out of a drawer . jamie you be gonna love this . you be gonna be 's glad we do not make dinner '' ourselves , : he listen . a beat of silence pass . jamie you be not talk to I anymore , be that it ? he arrange the rice on the plate like he make it himself . jamie hello ? Lisa 's voice answer from upstairs . sound strangely detach . lisa ( 0.s. ) no. I be never talk to you again . Jamie grin . jamie what if I be plan on come upstairs and make you beg for mercy ? lisa ( 0.5 . ) you would be too late . Jamie take the plate , walk out of the kitchen . jamie well , I guess I -- jesus ! he stop dead . _ beneath he , on the live room carpet , be a splotch of blood .... in the shape of a foot . he stare at it , then step forward slowly ... see a crimson trail of footprint weave through the entire apartment . Fresh . wet. red. instinctively , he put down the plate and snatch up a kitchen knife . begins to stalk through the house in they wake . lisa ( 0.8 . ) what 's wrong ? Jamie listen . the apartment be lisa ( 0.8 . ) Jamie ? eerily silent . he continue follow the trail , the footprint become messy pond of blood . tremble , he reach a door , the blood disappear under it . he grip the handle . lisa ( 0.s. ) Jamie ? his chest expands as he heave in a deep breath . he fling the door open -- revealing a darken laundry . in the shadow , he can clearly make out the silhouette of a figure , slump on the floor . lisa ( 0.s8 . ) what 's go on ? that time , Lisa 's voice be right behind he . he whip around to warn she . jamie Lisa , stay back ! but Lisa be not there . he turn jamie who be you ? no answer . tremble with fear , illuminate the figure . it be lisa . dead . to face the intruder . Jamie flick on the light , blood seep from within she mouth , where she tongue should be ... but isn ’t . her face be a death mask , mold mid~scream . contort , horrify - a freeze Jamie can not comprehend what he shock collide together on he from somewhere in the abyss , he scream . : image of terror . be see ; confusion and face . let out a primal , torture a3 . for jamie qo nooocooooooo !! libis ys the scream change pitch , become -- ext . jamie 's apartment build - night -- a siren . uniform police swarm around the entrance to Jamie 's building , clear a path for a gurney which be load into é coroner 's van . we know the two cop talk to Jamie be important because they be not in uniform . trench - coat and stern look . Jamie , however , be a million mile away . int . interview room , police station - day Jamie be slump at a table . he be a shatter man . numb from the.shock . zombie-like . detective jim lipton ( 47 ) sit opposite ; a picture of hard ~ edge skepticism . a light fuse . fod lipton ' be the victim take any a prescription drug of any kind that you know of ? for depression or any form of mental illness ? jamie no . lipton do anyone in she family suffer from any form of mental illness or depression that you know of ? jamie why be you ask I this ? what do it have to do with anything ? Lipton drill he with a hard stare . decide to let it go . lipton do you notice anything different that night ? in she behavior ? anything at all unusual ? Jamie stare at the floor , think back . jamie ae the doll . lipton what 's that ? jamie Lisa receive some sort of -..doll ... in the mail that night . she do not know who have send it to er . lipton okay . what about after you arrive home ? any sign of force entry , evidence of a struggle , weapon ? Jamie be clearly mystify by the night event . finally : jamie I speak to she . lipton what do you mean ? oy jamie i I speak to she when I first get i home . aad ( beat ) I call out to she and she answer I . Lipton scan a file in front of he . lipton you say that you be go about forty minute , and that you get back home right at seven pm ? Jamie nod . lipton ( cont ’d ) we forensic record show that the victim have be dead at least twenty minute before that . Jamie look up at Lipton , terror on he face . jamie that can not be ... he meet Lipton 's suspicious gaze . they eye stay lock . ye you a long beat pass . foe ( . lipton I hear you be leave town for 2 :. few day ; Jamie . jamie yeah . for the funeral . lipton a place caly ... raven Fair , be it ? that 's a long way from here . jamie she be from there . we both be . her family 's still there . ( beat ) it 's the only place she would have want to be bury . int . live room , apartment - day raining . the apartment be bare , almost empty . 's i Jamie be collapse on the floor by the window , he gaze reflect in ' the rain-soaked glass . tear streak down he face . the phone ring . Jamie do not react . let 's the call go to the answer machine . jamie and lisa ( v.0 . ) ( in attempt unison ) hello ? ( beat ) this might sound like we but you be actually talk to a answer Machine right now . leave a message . we love you ! a beep . man 's voice ( v.0 . ) hello , Jamie . Jamie turn towards the answer machine . the voice be gravelly and slur , as if it be a effort to talk . man 's voice ( v.0 . ) I only want to say two thing - ' please allow I to do so . i Jamie stare at the machine . man' voice ( v.0 ) the first 1s that you have my deep sympathy in regards to ' Lisa . the second be ... Jamie move towards the machine , about to pick up . man' voice ( v.0 . ) ++.1l know that you be come back here for the funeral , so I would very much like you to come and see I while you be here . I want to talk to you . ( beat ) I nve try to reach you so many time in the past week , but I have not hear anything from you ... I do not know what else to do . please let I be there for you this time . Jamie turn away . man' voice ( v.0 . ) for Goodbye , son . click . . Jamie reach over and push the erase button . as he do , he glance over and see the package the ventriloquist's dummy come in , sit under the dining table . he crawl over to it , haul it out and open it up . he lift out the dummy , stare at its smile face . the dummy jaw fall open - a red , cloth tongue fall out of it . disturb , Jamie check the box . he leaf through the thin strip of paper that cushion the doll . hold one up to the light , see a fade typeface on it . it 's a shred of newspaper . the letter on it read '' ns Fair " . jamie raven Fair ... 7. ext . country road -— day a lonely road snake through the fall - kiss countryside , beneath a grey sky . Jamie 's car appear over a hill . ext . raver , fair - day Jamie 's car speed past a weathered wooden sign - welcome Te | raven fair - a quiet little town . ! the town of raven Fair yawn out in the valley beyond che sign ; old building jutting out of the landscape like rotting tooth . the perfect place for a funeral . ext . WALKER funeral home - dusk the sun set over the modest headquarters of the town decease . Jamie 's car pull up outside and he climb out , surveying the desert main street . a church clock tower at the end of the street cast its twilight shadow across vacant window and faceless store front . pemale voice ( 0.s. ) never shut up , do ya ? Jamie spin around , startle to see a elderly woman sit on a rock chair outside the funeral home . she be cradieng a dead raven in she hand . jamie Excuse I ? she held the raven up and we realize she be talk to it . elderly woman always hungry , always want something . it 's okay . best pet I ever have , you be . the door to the funeral home open and henry WALKER ( 73 ) step out . henry mister ashen ? jamie yes . henry I nve be expect you . please , come inside . Jamie fellow he in , ' watch the woman whisper tc herselt in the chair , oblivious to Jamie 's presence . int . office , WALKER funeral home - dusk clutter . must be a busy time . Henry sort through papers at he desk . he be a good man ina bad job , with a nervous smile . a worrier . Jamie sit opposite . Henry speak to he in a hushed tone that Jamie will experience with everyone he meet in raven Fair . henry you , you must excuse marion , my sister . she 's not well , but she do not mean any harm . jamie that 's okay , I be not harme . henry this day she barely talk to I . ( beat ) no such thing as a perfect family , I suppose . jamie yeah . Henry hand he a clipboard . henry I all just need you to sign where it 's mark . Jamie sign . henry thank you , friend . Henry take the form . jamie have she arrive yet ? Henry iocok up . 1 to { henry se she arrive tonight . the police have a few more thing to ... he trail off . Jamie nod . jamie listen , I be sorry to ask this ... would it be possible for I to pay in installment . I be ina bit of a tight spot at the moment . henry oh no , you father be take care of it all . Jamie furrow he brow , confuse . jamie I do not ... what be my father take care of ? henry all of it . he call here and insisted . Said to bill he whatever c it cost . a ( beat ) nm he 's pay for the whole thing . Henry watch Jamie 's shocked reaction . henry ( cont 'd ) be do not inform you ? jamie no . he do not . henry you can check it with he . be you stay with he while you be here ? Jamie look down at he shoe . henry I be sorry , that 's none of my business . Jamie look up . jamie it 's okay . actually ... ( beat ) : ( more ) 20 . jamie ( cont would ) ... do you know of a motel around here ? cuT to : ext . '' come in inn ' motel - night the motel sign sway in the wind , the word '' vacancy 's spelied out in big , black letter . int . front office , ~ come on inn ' motel - night the office be empty . Jamie wait . a sign on the desk say '' Ring Bell for attendance 's . he do - but the bell do not make a sound . he tap it a few more time . nothing . perplex , he pick it up , inspect it . a figure appear from a back room , carry something . jamie Excuse I , sir . the man emerge from behind the counter , walk straight past Jamie towards the door . he look like a elementary school librarian . Jamie stop he . . jamie do you work here ? the man nod . jamie okay , 50 , can I get a room for the night ? the man shake he head . jamie be you joke ? the man shake he head again . Jamie be agitate , city - slicker style . jamie well , the sign out the front say vacancy . the man just stare at Jamie . jamie what the hell 's wrong with you , man ? be not you gonna say anything ? 2i. the man hold up what he be carry . it be a square of white tin . stencile on it , in big black letter , be the word wo . with that , the man exit . Jamie be dumbstruck . he go to the window , ' watch the wiry man scale a ladder and begir slotting the no sign in front of the word vacancy . | | Jamie see another figure emerge from one of the motel room , unload case from a car , Jamie squint at he . it be detective lipton . time for plan B. ext . ashen house - night pale headlight arc across a wrought- iron gate . Jamie 's car pull up . he climb out . a ageing mansion loom beyond the gate , the grounds around it carpete by a lazy fog . its moss -soak spire and arched window suggest a atmosphere one could coin '' House of usher - esque 's Jamie start as a figure emerge from the shadow ; a hulk man , all shoulder , cro-magnon brow . this be the maintenance man , boz ( 30' ) . he be hold a oil can . he begin to oil the hinge on the gate . his arm be cover in grease . jamie hey boz , it 's be a while . boz yeah . jamie good to see you be still work here at night . boz yeah . jamie patrol the grounds , keep they safe from large , dangerous man . boz do not quite get it . he pull on the gate , which open without make a noise . ext . ashen house - night 22 . Jamie amble up the garden path towards the front dooz , shiver in the cold . he reach the front door , hesitate . he knock on it with the big , brass door knocker at its center . bad decision ? too late . i  : the door open , revealing ella ashen ( late 30' ) . she be the ultimate trophy wife ; sexy , yet not sc young and dumb that the pool man think he have a shot . she smile warmly . ella well , this be a surprise . Jamie clearly have no idea who this person be . ella I be so sorry about what happen . I can not imagine how you must be feel right now . Jamie look a little awkward . ella oh my Lord , you mist think I be s0 rude . she curtsiest and offer she hand , all charm - school manners and southern tradition . ella I '' ella . I be you ... well , I guess I be you step -mother . Jamie shake she hand . jamie Nice to meet you . I be Jamie . ella I know , I have see you picture . though you look much more handsome in the flesh . jamie thanks . ( beat ) be he in ? ella be who ...? oh , of course . yes , he be . silly I . we uw ' a awkward moment . no jamie May I come in ? ella cock 's she head in mock disbelief , then step outside , stand next to Jamie . ella ' on the contrary , my dear , it be I who should be ask you if I can enter you home . jamie sure . int . entrance hall , ashen house - continuous Jamie shuffles through the door , ella behind he . he survey the cavernous surroundings . oil painting of stern figure glare down at he , between wall mount lamp that cast dim pool of light . ella shut the door . poke ella '' it 's freezing out there . a voice boom from upstairs . we recognize it as the voice from the phone call with Jamie . man' voice ( 0.s. ) who be that at the door ? ella look to Jamie . | ella would you like to see he ? jamie well , I have hear he now , and I can smell he . why not ruin one more of my sense ? int . upstair hallway , ashen house - moment later ella lead Jamie down a narrow corridor . ella I have to warn you , he 's be very sick . he would have look a lot better the last time you see he . 24 . jamie I probably look a lot better twelve year ago too . ella " '' that 's how long it 's be since you two see each other ? jamie yeah . I do not even know he would remarry , to be honest . ella can not tell if Jamie be sad about this or not . they reach a door and stop . ella well , again I have to warn you . you might be more shocked than you think at he ... appearance . ( beat ) I will tell he you be here . she take out a key , unlock the door . she enter and close the door behind she . we hear she talk to someone , then : ella ( 0.s . ) come on in , Jamie . Jamie open the door . int . master bedroom , ashen house ~ continuous the theme of the house continue - it 's dark in here . Jamie take in the room - and find what he 's look for . ella be right . a gaunt , male figure be propped up in a wheelchair in the corner . a plastic respirator cover he mouth , from which he draw staggered , rasp breath . his hand be claw , as if he whole body be drying up . this be charle ashen ( late 50' ) , Jamie 's father . ella be seat next to he . Jamie stand like he 's in the principal office . he do not ever look hig father in the eye , a habit he will continue throughout this entire story . 25 . '' jamie no hello , Charles . Charles speak in a militarily stern manner , struggle to get the . word out . '' charle it 's a shame that it take a tragedy to put we under the same reof again . ella Charlie , that 's not the issue . you son be here . charle I know he be , and do not call I Charlie in front of he . _ ella quiet , Charlie . do not make I wheel ~ you into the closet and leave you there again . Charles grumble . charle qo ' ( to Jamie ) I assume you have meet my wife . ella why do not you sit , Jamie ? Jamie shake he head . jamie I always have to stand in front of father . charle nothing wrong with stand . that 's something you only appreciate after a stroke force you to stay seat . Jamie look around . take a seat , across the room from Charles . jamie thanks for the charity with the funeral . charle , do not mention it . 26 . jamie = only mention it because I '' not accept it . charle ' and why be that ? jamie because Lisa be my wife , and I live with she and love she and I '' go to be the one who pay for she funeral . so thanks , but no thanks . charle I do not see why I can not help . jamie it 's get nothing to do with you . ella , smiling as always , try to break the heat moment . ella Charlie , I be just tell Jamie how the photo 's you have of he do not do he enough justice . neither Jamie nor Charles seem to hear this . charle I have be try to reach you . leave message at you house . jamie yes . I know . charle : I be glad that , in light of what 's happen , you have not let we past stop you from see reason this time . jamie well , the only motel in town be all book up , 80 ... ella light up . ella then you be stay the weekend ? Jamie do not answer . charle actually , ella and I would like you to stay longer than one weekend . we would like you to stay for as long as you can . jamie ioca not . charle and why not ? jamie I have to go back home and help the police . charle surely you can at least stay the week ? to clear you head . jamie why the sudden need for I to stay here ? charle we just feel that , in light of what 's happen , now would be a good time to ... resolve some thing . Jamie 's voice go up a octave , frustrated . jamie now would probably be the worst time to do that . he sigh , calming down . jamie look , I be think it be a mistake come here . I be think I should just stay somewhere else . Jamie get up and walk towards the door . charle I bet there 's a whole lot of thing you wife want to do with she life . a whole list of thing she think she have year to mark off . Jamie spin around , angry . 28 . charle ( cont ’d ) I , I have get the luxury of foresight . I have get time to examine my list before I go . - jamie well , take I off it ! you do not get a ' get- out - of - jail - free 's card just because yon have a stroke . ( beat ) Goodbye , ella . it be nice meeting you . he storm out . int . upstair corridor , ashen house - continuous Jamie peel out into the corridor . ella come after he . ella Jamie , he do not mean to upset you . please , would you stay one night ? jamie I nve be here ten minute and I be already up to my knee in bad memory . why would I stay the night and get in up to my chin ? ella it have not be all bad . you have also make a new friend in the last ten minute . she approach he , take he hand . ella ( cont 'd ) and I have have the chance to meet someone I have be hearing so many great thing about . Jamie pull he hand away . jamie now I know you nre bull -shit . the father I grow up with would never say great thing about I . ella yes , but a old man whose brain be shutting down from mini-stroke would . 29 . Jamie look away , ashamed . ella you have all the power here . you can walk out , but he can not come '' after you . why do not you choose to stay and show he that the young boy who leave here be now a strono - : will young man ? | she 's get he . int . jamie' bedroom , ashen house - night ella flick on the light , revealing a musty bedroom fill with furniture drape in white sheet . Jamie fling he suitcase onto the bed , along with the box the ventriloquist doll come in . look around . more bad memory . ella try to get some sleep , Jamie . she suddenly step towards he and embrace he . he half accept the hug , half do not . they separate . ella I '' 60 glad to finally meet you . I be just sorry it have to happen this way . she leave , shutting the door behind she . Jamie explore the room , notice something odd . - there be bar on the window . Beyond the glass , he see boz padlock the gate . boz look up , as if he know someone be watch he . find Jamie and stare straight at he . Jamie pull the drape close . ext . MAIN STREET , raven be fair - night all be quiet in raven 's Fair . the clock face on the church tower in the town square hit midnight . 3c . there be no bell or chime to accompany it . int . basement workroom , WALKER funeral home ~ night a body bag be lay out on a workbench . Henry hobblee up to it , uncoil tube of embalm fluid . just another day at the office . he unzip the bag -- -- and freeze . the sight be like a slug the the gut . Inside the bag , we see lisa 's face . it look exactly as it do when Jamie find she - eye wrench skyward , face twisted into a permanent scream , tongueless mouth gape open . eerie . a flash of recognition flare across Henry 's face . a long beat pass . marion ( 0.8 . ) she 's arrive . Henry start - look up to see marion , stand in the darkness under the stair , stare at Lisa 's body . ' henry I need to work now , marion . marion leave , walk up the stair . finally , Henry move . he go to a drawer , take out a Polaroid camera . he aim it at Lisa 's face , depress the trigger . the white flash transpose into -- ext . ashen house - night -- a bloat moon . it hang over the house , back -lighting its gothic peak . int . jamie 's bedroom , ashen house - night blade of moonlight slice through the open window . the lace curtain swell and settle in the breeze . the ventriloquist dummy be propped up in a chair in the corner , its head face the window . Jamie be wide awake , stare at a photo of Lisa . the look in he eye be one of pure fear . CUT to : int . jamie 's apartment - night - flashback i | Lisa 's face flash in Jamie 's mind : blood dribble down she chin , eye wrench skyward ... | .+- dead . int . jamie' bedroom , ashen house - night — present he lower the photo , take a deep breath and pinching the bridge of he nose . be he go crazy ? he pries he eye open and see a cockroach skitter across the ceiling above hin . a whisper slither from out of the darkness ... so soft it could almost be the breeze play trick . voice ( 0.5 . ) Jamie ... you nre home . it sound like Lisa . Jamie look up . and gasp ! the dummy have move to the other side of the room . Jamie flick on the bedside lamp . in the light , he see that it be just a mirror , its reflection show the dummy - which be still sit in its original position by the window ... except for one detail . the dummy be now face he . Jamie get up , slowly . pick up the doll . its head slump forward onto its chest . he sit it back in the chair , throw a portion of one of the white sheet over it . cover it up , like a ghost . breathe hard and shaking , he shut the window . keeps he eye on the doll . behind he , beneath the bedroom door , the shadow of someone 's feet move away down the hall . 32 . ext . cemetery - day grey headstone merge with the grey sky . the last leave of fall scatter in fear of the oncoming winter . a dozen. of - so mourner hunch together around Lisa 's plot , include ella . Charles be not here . a shovel load of dirt be heape onto the casket . Jamie sit in a chair , watch the black lid disappear under the wormy soil . everyone stand opposite he except ella , who stand directly behind he , she face veile in black lace . a priest stand over the grave , mutter something so low that we cannot hear it . Jamie scan the face of the other attendee . none of they cry or make a sound ... but they be all stare at hin . Jamie look away and spot detective lipton in the distance , stand by a tree . watch . the priest raise he voice ever so slightly ; enough that we can finally ’hear something he be say . priest «-- and we look to we family and love one for solace . ella put she hand on Jamie 's shoulder . ext . cemetery - later ~ day Jamie drift away from the crowd . see Lipton walk away and hurry to catch he . jamie detective Lipton . Lipton stop and turn . jamie ( cont 'd ) how be you ? lipton Fine . I be sorry I do not come over and say anything , I think I would leave you alone . with a for jamie lu that 's okay . ( beat ; overly hostile ) detective , if you de not mind I . , ask , why be you here ? Lipton study Jamie , gaug he suspicion . lipton for most people , a funeral be closure . for a homicide detective , it 's a start point . jamie okay . see anything interesting ? lipton wot yet , but I be still look . ( beat ) she deserve that , do not you think ? Jamie nod . he 's right . jamie I just do not expect you to show up of all the way down here . oy ' lipton ~ I do not come for fun , kiddo . I be here for - the same reason plumber 's hang around break toilet a lot . he walk away , then stop and turn around . lipton I ‘’1l be see you . Jamie watch the detective stroll away . female voice ( 0.s. ) she lose she voice ... Jamie turn , see marion - Henry 's sister from the funeral - home . she step closer to he , fear in she eye . marion ( cont ‘d ) Mary Shaw ... she lose she voice . then she come back to claim ours . she point at a old headstone , which be partly obscure by tree , away from the other headstone . her voice grow in volume . 34 . marion Mary Shaw do it . she 's the one who steal tongue . Jamie 's : blood freeze when he hear this . jamie what do you say ? marion point at the headstone , she voice grow louder a more fearful . marion and if that people , who see she do screan , they tongue would be go - rip out clean . Henry appear , take marion by the arm roughly . henry marion , what be you do ? leave he alone . you know better than this . ( beat ) I be sorry , mister ashen , she do not know what she 's say . I apologize , sir . Henry lead she away , berate she under he breath . Jamie , still in shock , look to the headstone she have be point at . it have decaye with age , vine strangling it . etched into the rock , the word : here lie mary shaw . int . dine room , ashen house ~- night clink . gulp . clink . this family dinner be very workman-like : chew , swallow , repeat . no talk . candlelight dance across the wall as ella spoon - feed a very gruel - like substance to Charles , at the head of a long oak dining table . Jamie sit opposite , eye down . finally : ella be not this wonderful ? all of we eat here together ? 35 . Jamie poke at he meal -- a soppy and badly cook roast oe dinner . he look up . Elia and Charles be stare at he . jamie .. it 's great . ella smile . she spoon more goop into Charles 's mouth , ' then dab he lip with a napkin . charle so how much time be you take off work ? jamie what 's that ? charle surely they nre give you a break after what 's happen . jamie ( distract ) uh , yeah ... they be . I can pretty much go back whenever I want . of a long beat of silence follow , until : ms , jamie - who be Mary Shaw ? ella and Charles stop what they be do . ella I '' sorry honey , speak up a little bit . jamie marion , from the funeral home , she say something to I today ... about a woman name Mary Shaw . she say , '' Mary Shaw do it . '' charle that woman also believe Jesus communicate to she through the filling in she tooth . ella go back to spoon - feed Charles . jamie I remember the name , though ... Mary Shaw . from when I be a kid around for here . ( more ) 36 . samie ( cont would ) they have a poem about she , I think . ( beat ) Mom use to read it to I . ella look up , reacting to the word - if only slightiv. on charle you spend most of you childhood far away from here , in board school . jamie I '' aware of that . ella Jamie , would you like something to drink ? jamie I be fine . clink . gulp . clink . jamie so you have never hear - of she ? charle no . I tell you - that woman from the funeral home be crazier than a shit-house rat . ella poor old thing . ( beat ) Jamie , would you like dessert ? I make a pear pie . jamie no , thank you . clink . gulp . clink . jamie I know I have hear she name . charle so have you consider stay here ? for a few more night ? jamie I can not . ( back to marion ) it be just the way she say it ... she seem so ... scared . i 1 ella mo I would love you to stay for lunch , Jamie . you simply must try my walnut cake . - charle | it 's settle then . lunch it be . | | Jamie slam he fork down . blank look from ella and Charles . jamie / I can not stay ! he get up and leave . ext . ashen house - nigrt Jamie charge out of the front door , breathe hard . a figure catch in he peripheral vision and he stop in he track . it be boz , in the distance . he be talk to someone at the front gate . Jamie squint at the second figure through the fog . qo detective . Lipton . p Jamie hide himself behind a branch . watch the exchange between the two man , too far away to hear anything . boz nod and Lipton take a note . Jamie back up slowly ... back into the house . int . bathroom , ashen house - night Jamie splashes water on he face , shake . he have the look of a first - day prison inmate - a man with no escape . ee look up into the mirror , and be startled to see charle , sit in he wheelchair at the opposite end of the corridor . charle I '' sorry . I have to learn that you be a man now . you do not need I tell you how to run you life . a long beat pass between they . 38 . charle you know , I do use to make enquiry about you after you leave . I have my source . people would always tell I that you be happy , '' that you be do well . I never want to interrupt that . Jamie nod , grow more disturb by he father 's ~truce 's . charle good-night , son . the wheelchair retreat and be swallow up by the darkness , the screech of its wheel recede in volume as it move away . ext . ashen house ~ night the witching hour . Storm cloud roll in , low growl of thunder announce they arrival . beneath the brood sky , only one arched window in the house remain light . it switch off . int . entrange hall , ashen house - night the curtain lull gently , the only thing move in the darkness . int . kitchen , ashen house - same a faucet drip . drip...drip...drip. int . corridor , ashen house - same a grandfather clock tick . Tick...tick...tick. int . jamie 's bedroom , ashen house ~ same Jamie be asleep . a bottle of sleep pill sit on the bedside table , tablet scattered around it . for a moment , it be only Jamie 's steady , rhythmic breathe we can hear ... .-. but then another sound be introduce . at first , it could be Jamie -- until it drown he out . sob . Jamie ' s.eyes flutter epen . he tune in to the guttural moan . his vision adjust in thé darkness , scan the room ; pas the door , past the furniture cover in white sheet , unt : 2 they stop dead on something . a figure be hunch over in the corner by the window , whimper , its back to Jamie . the figure 's head rest in its hand ~ mirroring the image we see of Mary cry in the open scene . Jamie bolt upright in bed , adrenaline kick in . he glare at the figure for a long beat . jamie ella ? immediately , the sobbing cease and the figure stand up , turn around to face Jamie . shroud in shadow , it . resemble a old woman - she pale face catch what little light there be . + a sudden gust of wind send the drape . billow outward , obscure the woman . only the old woman 's eye pierce through the sheer lace fabric ; eerily wide and unblink . stare right at Jamie . then ... -»- the drape settle , and she be gone . heart in he throat , Jamie switch on the bedside lamp and get out of bed , go over to the window . he check all corner , find nothing . bang ! the doll fall out of its chair , splaying across the floor . Jamie pick it up . as he lift it , he see a fade inscription on the back of the doli 's neck . it read M. shaw . int . entrance hall , ashen house - morning the house awaken . ac . Jamie descend the stair quickly , nead for the front door . he catch sight of ella , who be busy herself in the kitchen : with pot and pan , : ella oh , Jamie , you be up . would you like some breakfast ? jamie no , that 's okay . ella be you go somewhere ? he do not answer . ext . ashen house —~ morning the sun rise over ashen House for a new day . Jamie fling open the front door , rush towards he car - then stop in he track . a fallen tree be block the driveway . boz hack away at it with a see . Jamie approach . jbmie what happen here ? boz Storm . jamie what storm ? boz Storm last night . jamie okay ..- s0 , how be I suppose to get my car out ? _ booz have to wait . jamie how long ? 4i. ! boz kl a day maybe . Jamie can not believe it . jamie , a day ?! but that ‘s... you can not ... ella appear in the doorway . ella Jamie , can I get you to help I with something ? I be just not as strong as I use to be . a twinge of nervousness spread across Jamie 's face . he look from ella to the gate like a trap animal . he chocs the front gate . jamie I .-. I would ... but I have to go somewhere . ella well , when will you be back ? I be fos make lunch . to Jamie quickén he pace , not look back . jamie later ... i’11 be back later , IL promise . boz and Elia watch he go . ext . forest road - day Jamie march skittishly down a wind , tree -line road ; a vein cut through the heart of the forest by man . the forest do its best to claim the land back , gnarled branch over - hang it and trapping a mist that keep Jamie from see too far ahead of himself . he keep go anyway ... ext . various street , raven fair - day ..- through the street of raven Fair , past quaint house that have see better day . he look over at a group of child , play together on a street corner , as child do ..- except for one thing . 42 . they sing under they breath , not make a sound . ext . WALKER funeral home , raven fair be MAIN STREET - day marion sit in she chair , cradling she crow . Jamie approach . she do not seem to notice . he kneel down , apprehensive . jamie ma’am ... I have to talk to you . she stroke the head of the dead bird , smile . jamie you say something to I about my wife yesterday ... you say a woman name Mary Shaw do it . marion look up slowly . leans forward and whisper in Jamie 's ear . marion she 's stand right behind you . as much as we can actually see a shiver run down someone 's spine , we see it with Jamie . he turn around . no one be there . he grip marion 's shoulder - desperation in he eye . jamie who be she ? tell I . henry ( 0.s. ) mister ashen , I would prefer it if you leave she alone . Jamie start as Henry interrupt . he stand up , deject , back away from marion . marion Henry ' 1 ] tell ya about Mary Shaw . he see she once , in the flesh herself . do not ya Henry ? Jamie look at Henry . busted . a the int . WALKER funeral home - day Henry peer through the shop -front window , then flip the '' OPEN ' sign to '' close 's , lock the door . he begin ' pull the blind close . . henry thére be thing you remember , and there be thing you can not forget . Jamie sit in a old armchair , listen attentively . henry ( cont 'd ) despite the inarguable fact that I be get on in year , I remember a lot of thing from my life . remember they well , in fact . he turn to face Jamie . henry ( cont 'd ) but the look on old Mary Shaw 's face when she die ... that 's something I just can not forget . Henry pace the room , hervous as ever . henry ( cont 'd ) what would you say if I tell you that , sixty year ago ... in this very town ... I see a face that look exactly as you wife 's do ? jamie I would say go on . Henry lower he volume , as if someone be eavesdropp . henry her name be Mary Shaw . ( beat ) the woman who lose she voice . dissolve to : ext . guignol theater - night -- flashback light glitter on the surface of a large lake , cast by a majestic building which rise up from a island in the lake center . this be the guignol theater . the pride of raven 's Fair . 44 , stream of people cross a footbridge which run to the island , dress in they Saturday night best . _ henry ( v.0 . ) _ back wnon I be . a boy , the one horse they have in this town have not i be shot yet . some people even say it could become a boomtown , a real cultural hot-spot . and so , somebedy build a grand old theater on the edge of town . int . auditorium , guignol theater - night -- flashback a cocky young boy of about ten maneuver he way through the plush seat of the auditorium . this be young henry . Young Henry find he seat , settling on one near the front . henry ( v.0 . ) I only ever go there once . the light fade in the auditorium . a spotlight come on , singling out a old man in a bright red suit , stand on the stage . it be mary husband , whom we meet in the open scene . mary husband lady and gentleman , prepare to be astound ... prepare to be amaze ... witness Mary Shaw give life to the boy make of wood ! the spotlight switch off . Mary 's husband leave the stage . Henry squint at the stage , see a figure which limp out from behind the curtain , shroud in shadow . the screech of something heavy the figure be drag pierce the hush . the figure stop at the lip of the stage . a spotlight illuminate the figure . it be a old woman , she angular feature stick out like accusatory finger , a shock of white hair frame she face . this be mary shaw . she bend down , unlock the large wooden trunk she be drag and heaving the lid upwards . she remove a top hat from the trunk and then roll the trunk onto its side - it be empty . mary shaw where be billy ? ae a or she cast a suspicious eve over the audience . mary shaw have any of you see he ? be it you whe let he out ? | she begin to potter around the stage , search high and low . mary shaw billy ? where do you go ? billy ? voice ( 0.8 . ) you will not find I ! Henry jump out cf he skin as the voice scream out -- from right behind he ! he whirl around , heart in he throat . no one be there . Mary whip she head up , shield she eye from the flare of the spotlight . mary shaw I know you be hide ! she make out Henry , a few row from the front . . mary shaw you there , could you check under you seat for I ? Henry reluctantly get up , peek under he seat . the cherubic face of a ventriloquist 's dummy stare back at he , with the vacant gaze of the dead . mouth stretch into a grin . it be a dummy we know well . young henry he 's here . mary shaw would you mind bring he to I ? Henry haul the dummy out from under the seat , carry he up the aisle to the stage . Mary take the dummy in she arm . mary shaw say thank you , billy . the dummy 's head swivel around slowly to face Henry . billy thank you . 46 . Henry return to he seat . Mary take she place on a stool , the dummy 's head lolling back and forth as she prop he up on she lap , place the top hat on he head . ° : mary shaw why must you run away , billy ? do not i treat you well ? as he talk , the dummy 's jaw lower and shut vigorousiy . billy you do treat I well , mother . the best I could ever hope for . it 's just that ... mary shaw yes , billy ? billy well , it 's just that ... it get so dusty inside that box . it make I want to ... mary shaw want to what ? billy lean back , as if he be about to sneeze . , billy it make I want to ... Mary whip the handkerchief out of he top pocket , hold it up to he nose . billy ahhhh -chocosoc !! as he sneeze , the handkerchief blow outward , propel by the force of the sneeze . the audience laugh and clap . mary shaw bleechhh ! shoe ! billy bless I ? mary shaw no , I say bleechhh -- she hold up she foot . mary shaw ( cont 'd ) ~-- shoe ! you sneeze all over my shoe ! the audience laugh again , billy : I be sorry for that , mother . I - - voice ( 0.8 . ) T can see you lip move ! Mary and billy stop they act and turn to face the accuse audience . the moment hang in silence for a beat . mary shaw who say that ? at first no one admit it ... umtil a red-headed boy of about ten pipe up from a middle row . red -headed boy I do . I see you lip move . mary shaw what do you say to that , billy ? he do not think you nre a real person . billy what do you mean , mother ? Mary keep she eye fix on the boy . her and billy 's voice have lower . with he new , less sprightly tone , billy 's grin now seem malevolent . mary shaw he think you nre a dummy , and that I be do you voice for you . billy but ... but that can not be true . ( beat ) there ''s no way you would give I all the good line ! laughter from everyone . mary shaw just forget about he , billy . there will always be doubter . 4b . billy I do not want to forget it , mother ! I think we should show this boy that I be real . . mary shaw no , I be afraid we must go on with the show . billy I refuse to go on until he believe that I be real ! Mary and billy 's shouting begin to overlap . billy mary shaw let I go mother ! I just want nof sit still , child ! do you to talk to he ! I want to hear I ? teach he ! the audience break into applause , amaze by the performance »».all except Henry , who shrink back in he seat , afraid . the clap dissipate , and Mary turn to face the red - head boy . her eye drill into he , a grin spread slowly across she face . . mary shaw now who 's the dummy ? int . live room , . WALKER funeral home - day -- present it be clear that afternoon 's event be sear into Henry 's brain . henry some week later , that disbely little boy go miss . go , without a trace , eventually the search for he be abandon and the case leave unsolve ... but I always feel in my gut that Mary have play some role in it . ( beat ) I only see she one other time . he point towards the stair with a tremble hand . henry ( cont 'd ) down there ... in the basement . oe 4g , int . stairwell , WALKER funeral home - night -- flashback Henry , the young version we just meet , tip -toe stealthily down the step lead to the workroom . he reach the last step , steal a glance inside . . henry ( v.0 . ) I never do find out the exact detail of she death . I do know that whatever she look like when she die ... it must have be quite something to turn my father head . aman in a 1940 's police uniform stand over a cot , cover by a sheet . Henry 's father , richard ( 40' ) , listen to the officer 's whisper utterance . the officer lift the sheet . we do not see . a flash cross Richard 's face , a tremor of repulsion he barely contain . he look away . the officer lower the sheet , hand a thick contract to Richard . detective this be she last will and testament . all the instruction be inside . he turn on he heel , leave as if he could not get out of there fast enough . Henry slink back into the shadow , watch he go by . henry ( v.0 . ) have a body in we home be nothing new to I . it do not give I so much as a goosebump to know that I be share shelter with a corpse . ( beat ) but for the next few day , thing be ... different around we house . int . front door , WALKER funeral home - day -- flashback Richard open the front door , let a tall man , who be carry a familiar ventriloquist doll ~ billy - enter the house . they shake hand . Henry watch through a crack in he bedroom door . with of for int . stairwell , WALKER funeral bome - day -- flashback Henry poke he head through the bannister , spying <he tall man , argue with he father in the hall below . . tall man you have to give I time . this be not what I do . a wooden toy be something quite different to a human be . richard it 's unusual for I also . I have never have someone request this in they will before . int . stairwell , WALKER funeral home - day -- flashback Henry listen to he father work as he lurk down the stair . int . basement workroom , WALKER funeral home - day -- flashback Henry peep inside the room . Richard and the tall man toil away at Mary Shaw 's body , which we cannot see . + a while he work , Richard keep look up to study billy , the dummy , sit in the far corner . the whole room be a mess of paint brushes and tool . Richard set up a old box camera next to the bench . he aim the camera at Mary , click off a picture . Henry watch . he lean a little too far forward , knock a mop over . Richard whip he head up , fume . richard Henry , out of here while we be work ! he charge over as Henry scurries away , slamming the door . int . henryn bedroom - night -- flashback lightn flicker outside . Henry lie awake in bed . henry ( v.0 . ) the thing that intrigue I the most , though , be not how Mary have - die , or even who she be before she die . it be she final request . Henry sit up , climb out of bed and pad through the room , past the sleep figure of he sister , marion ( B ) . int . stairwell , WALKER funeral home - night -- flashback Henry creep down the stair . he stop after every step he take , listen to the darken house . henry ( v.0 . ) it be say that , as she last wish , she have ask to be bury look exactly like she doli . * ( beat ) to become a doll herself . a low rumble of thunder seem to warn he as he reach the workroom door . Henry scan - there be no one else around . he take out a key , unlock the door . . int . basement workroom , WALKER funeral home — continuous Henry take a moment . step inside . the room 's only light - source be a small desk lamp in the far corner . in the centre of the room , atop the workbench , be a open coffin . opposite the coffin , angle to one side in a chair , be billy the dummy . eye stare off at the far wall . Henry take a few pace inside . keeps watch the dummy . lightn blink in the window , casting long shadow . he edge closer , reach the bench . he get up on he toe , place he hand on the edge of the coffin , he glance over at the dummy . it have not move . he haul himself up , strain to get a look . inside the coffin . wi uw the light flick on . Richard stumble into the room , bleary eye and angrv . Mary Shaw be but a lifeless corpse once again , lie on the floor like a discard rag doll . Richard survey the scene . turn to Henry . richard you have better start talk right now , son . CUT to : int . live room , WALKER funeral home - day -- present Henry gaze at the wall , relive memory he would clearly like to forget . now we know why he 's the nervous wreck he be . henry - she no have she tongue cut out , apparently . without she voice ... she livelihood ... she could not go on . she hang herself . e ( beat ) for } after that , it be say that she '' ghost would roam raven 's Fair at — night , steal the tongue of that who would scream in she presence . Jamie be silent for a beat . jamie you be tell I that my wife be murder by a ghost ? henry I think it 's better that I do not tell you anything more ... and show you instead . Henry get up and open a drawer . he take : out a old , black - and - white photo , hand it to Jamie , along with the Polaroid he take of Lisa . Jamie take they both -- and they take he breath . the fade image be of a old woman , she face garishly paint up -- like a doll . é , Jamie 's eye switch between the photo of Mary Shaw , and the ko Polaroid of Lisa . Mary 's death face be eerily similar =o that of Lisa 's ; that eye - like a victim who glimpse hell before they last gasp . Jamie héld up the picture of Lisa . : jamie you take this picture ? Henry nod . Jamie charge up to he , furious . Henry flinch . Jamie Jamie jamie what kind of a sick bastard be you ?! I bring she here to be . bury , not to be a memento in some necrophilic 's photo album . henry I have to take picture . it 's part of my business . I can not work without they . back down . henry ( cont 'd ) you seem to be forget that you come to I , mister ashen . I never want to share this with you . you ask . pace . shredd nerve . jamie you be talk about a woman who die sixty year ago . henry no , we be not . we be talk about a woman who die three day ago . ( beat ) whether you believe in ghost storey or not , you can not deny what you have in you hand . Jamie stop . examine the picture . jamie the night Lisa die ... somebody send she a package . we open it up , and there be some sort of ... dummy in it . ( more ) will or jamie ( cont would ) ( beat ) a ventriloguist 's dummy . he turn and drill Henry with a fearful look . jamie { cont ’d ) it have Mary Shaw 's name write on at . now it 's Henry 's turn to look fearful . Jamie study the picture of Mary Shaw , thinking back . jamie Mary Shaw ... a few word of rhyme drift back into he memory from the fog of childhood . he recite they as they come to he . jamie -.. then late one night , when she return to she room , hide high above the stage , dark and cramped like a tomb ... Jamie look over at Henry . jamie ( cont ‘d ) she live at that old theater , do not she ? the one on Lake seerie . he throw the photo 's on the table , head for the door . henry where be you go ? jamie I be go up there . henry nobody ever go up there . ( beat ) and nobody smart want to . Jamie open the door . henry if you be try to find a ghost , mister ashen , you nre go to 's regret it . I promise you . Jamie turn around . mo you a jamie I be not try to £ 21 I be try to find ouz what happen to my wife . he closé " the door behind - he . ext . WALKER funeral home ~ day - continuous Jamie step out onto the street . look both way , as if search for a cab . jamie God damn it , I need my car . marion ( 0.8 . ) you can take ours . Jamie whirl around to see marion dangle a set of car key . marion ( cont 'd ) Henry do not let I drive . int . WALKER funeral home - day Henry watch through the window as a monstrous black hearse speed off down the main street of raven Fair . , henry Son of a ... Jamie be behind the wheel . ext . dirt road - day Jamie pilot the hearse along a off- the~ - map road that be border by tower tree . speckle of sunlight dapple the windshield , peek through the branch . Jamie slow down , see a old weatherboard house on he leave . . int . weatherboard house - same behind a grimy pane of glass that pass for a window , we see the hearse roll past the house . someone be watching through a chink in the curtain . the dark figure turn , go over to a phone and dial . int . hearse - same Jamie continue along the road , which get darker as the foliage overhead thicken . the dirt turn to mud , squelching beneath the tire . the road narrow . ' Jamie glance over through the passenger window , then turn back -- -- and hit the brake ! he have reach a dead end . at least , that 's what the sign say . the sign also say ~ private property '. below this word , someone have spray - paint '' no one goe in ... no one come out !!’ tree block the road behind the sign like giant wooden sentry 's . ext . roadside - day Jamie step out of he car . he move past the sign , claw through the thick brush and stumbling ott onto ~- -- the shore of a swampy lake . a sodden , makeshift jetty jut out over the water - all that remain of the footbridge that once run to the theater . a small boat be lash to it with a fray rope . in the center of the lake be a island , and on that island ... .+- 1s the guignol theater . a lone crow caw in the distance . Jamie step out into the boat . it rock as he sit in it . he unty the rope and begin row out towards the island . ext . guignol theater - day - moment later Jamie alight the boat , tie it to a stake , then stare up in awe at the building before he . like a aging former movie-star , you can still glimpse the glory behind the brittle bone . tall and impose , it be obvious someone put a lot of work into this place , but nature have stripped away she dignity . he approach the building . nothing appear to grow on the island - all the tree be skeletal relic , torture into impossible shape by starvation . Dead raver litter the ground , as if some sort of bird holocaust have occur . Jamie step up to the double door , and then see something on the ground below he . a footprint . it 's recent , the mud fade but still clear enough to make out . the footprint lead to the door . Jamie knock on it lightly ... and it groan open . somebody have already be here . int . auditorium , guignol theater - day Inside be the same story as out - a palace once grand , now derelict . a curtain of red velvet hang across the stage ; once regal , now moth -eaten . Jamie make he way down the aisle , scan around . shard of sunlight cut in from outside , highlight ornately sculpt statue that gape down at Jamie from the corner of the high ceiling , above a huge audience balcony . he reach the stage , clamber up onto it . he look around the auditorium . not a hint of movement . all that we can hear be he quivering breath . he step behind the curtain . int . stage , guignol theater - continuous it have be a long time since anyone trod this board . a old piano at the side of the stage be ail that remain . Jamie lift the key cover , tapping a few of the key . the sound be eerily discordant , neglect by time . match the feel in here . Jamie pace around the stage , see a pile of wooden plank in one corner . you '' he look up into the lighting rig high above he , spot a door which be slightly ajar . naile across the door be a few random wooden plank , most of which have be tear away . somebody . have already be here . the only way to reach the door be across a narrow catwalk , which run over the stage like a suspension bridge . Jamie find a set of stair which lead up into the light . he ascend they , vertigo set in as he see the stage below . at the top of the stair , he take a tentative step onto the rickety catwalk , then scamper quickly across it . he push the door open ... int . passageway , guignol theater - continuous ... enter a short passageway with a round door at the end of it . Jamie advance , reach the door and try the handle . it open . int . mary live area , guignol theater - continuous he crouch through the portal into a squalid live area . pale shaft of light filter through a window , show Jamie a small dinner table , with a crude kitchen in the corner , quilt in spider - web . in another corner , a threadbare mattress and sheet , next to which be a stage - mirror , frame by light - bulb . make - up be spread out on the table beneath the mirror . a shelf on one wall be crowded with assort junk , . among it dozen of stuffed animal , sewing kit , needle and jar of embalming fluid . Jamie go tc the shelf , pick up a taxidermic black cat - face freeze in mid-hiss . yellow eye glaring . he search the shelf further , find a small doll , wear a old fashioned dress . one of its eye be miss . his finger find a string at the back . he yank it and a voice croak to life , age slow it down to a masculine drawl . doll mommy ... 6c. creeped out , Jamie look up from the doll -- =- and gasp !! reflected in the stage -mirroz , strung up in a noose and tie to a beam - staring at he with bulg eye - be the figure of mary shaw !! . Jamie weirl -- see nothing . whip back to the mirror -- she be go . djamie 's chest heave , the shock still coursing through he . he poke the mirror nervously ... ».sthen notice something in the reflection . a wooden trunk in the corner behind he . he go over to it . the chest have be throw open , its lock shattered . rosary bead be scattered around it . ' Jamie peer into it . a tatter top hat sit inside it ... and nothing else , the top hat be line with a red velvet that match the suit billy wear . a axe lie strewn next to the trunk . it look brand new . Jamie wipe sweat from he brow , examine the axe blade . he smile . ext . lake — day Jamie row back across the lake . the axe lie in the boat next to he , wrap in a rag . he look up , see four figure stand on the shore . jamie shit ... it be a man in sheriff 's uniform , a unidentified woman , Henry -- -- and Lipton . ext . lake shore -- moment later the woman , audrey ( 30' ) , rush up to meet the boat as it arrive . audrey I want he arrest . he 's a god damned trespasser ! sheriff '' audrey , let I handle this . the sheriff spin he around , slapping cuff on sheriff ( cont ' D} you be under arrest for trespasp , theft of a motor vehicle -- jamie . ( to Henry ) you sister give I the key ! henry they be not hers to give . Jamie look around at the group . Jamie jamie I must be a popular guy - everyone but the mayor be here . . lipton my brother in law enforcement here in raven Fair be kind enough to let I know when they get a call about you . jamie I do not believe this . it 's a derelict building nobody give a erap about ! audrey it 's private property . my property . there 's a sign that say 580 . lipton can not argue with that . laugh - more of a snort actually . jamie well shit , look like you get I red hand , detective . open and shut case of trespasp . you could push for the chair on this one . 6l. he . oy Lipton smile . lipton no. - ( beat ) - ~ ' we save the chair for wife killer . Jamie lunge at he . with he hand cuffed , Lipton ea side step , kicking Jamie in the back . Jamie land face down in the mud with a smack . Lipton dr-ve ! a knee into he back . lipton assault a officer , resisting arrest - you be write a shopping list here , buddy . he grab Jamie 's hair , yanking he head up . lipton what the hell be you do up here ? jamie I '' try to find out what happen to Lisa , which seem to be more than you be do . lipton oh really ? well , right now I '' on tep of the number one suspect . jamie God damn it , I do not kill my wife ! lipton : then you get three second to tell I what it be you be do here . jamie something about Lisa 's death lead to this place . lipton what be you talk about ? jamie there be a woman ... name Mary Shaw . she live in the theater . audrey no one have ever live in there . jamie yes , they have . she live in there and she hang hersel® aftez she husband cut she tongue we . Lipton look up at the sherzif , who shake he head . ; sheriff if ' somebody have hang themselves in there , I would know about it . jamie teil they Henry , tell they what you tell I about Mary Shaw . everyone look to Henry . henry what be he talk about ? jamie Mary Shaw ! tell they ! Henry turn to the sheriff . henry the last time I speak to he be when we be arrange the funeral . jamie you nre a liar ! Lipton ease off Jamie 's back , watch all this with interest . the sheriff hoist Jamie to he foot . sheriff let 's go . jamie {to Henry ) you know what you say to I ! sheriff ( to Jamie ) I call you father . you be lucky he make arrangement for you to be take home . 64 . , for jamie a I do not want to go to my father 's house , I want somebody to fingerprint that axe and tell I who it be that break into that '' theater . : - audrey I know who it be . she step up to Jamie . audrey ( cont ’d ) it be you . the sheriff lead Jamie towards the car . Lipton pick up the axe , examine it . lipton I will take he , sheriff . if that 's okay with you . the sheriff give Jamie the once over . 6 sheriff fos Fine by I . : + int . lipton be car , moving - day Jamie sit in the back . Lipton drill he in the mirror . jamie they nre lie . lipton about what ? jamie Mary Shaw . they know who she be . Jamie stare off out the window , aware that he sound crazy . | jamie ( cont 'd ) the night Lisa die , somebody send she a package . there be a... doll in it . lipton . a what ? jamie a cold ventriloquist 's dummy . and it belong to a woman name Mary Shaw . a woman who die in that theater a long time ago . lipton you mind tell I what the hel ? that have to do with the death of you wife ? jamie something 's not right about Lisa 's death . I do not know what it be ... but it 's there . you say it yourself -.no fingerprint , no sign of force entry . lipton you be not make any sense . jamie that package , that doll , come from here . I want to know who send it . Lipton furrow he brow , incredulous . . lipton so you think whoever send it kill you wife ? jamie I do not know ... all I know be that ever since I get here , thing have be happen to I . strange thing . this place be ... suffocating I . lipton it 's just a harmless little town . Jamie watch the tree whip past the window . jamie no . I have always say that it 's not where you be , it 's what happen to you while you be there . {beat ) : I be bear in this town . it 's who I be ... but all I remember when I '' here be the daily beating from my father and the death of my mom . a of he meet Lipton 's gaze in the mirror . jamie ( cont 'd ) De this one thing for I . help I . after that , you can do whatever you " '' want . ext . ashen house — day Lipton walk Jamie up the front path towards the front door . boz clear away branch to the side , stare at Lipton . Lipton knock and the door be open by ella . lipton special delivery . ella be he in trouble , officer ? lipton well , that depend . the sheriff 's department here would like to speak to he tomorrow . as long as he stay out of trouble between now and then ... ella we will keep he here , officer . thank you very much . Goodbye . jamie wait. ( beat ) fhere 's something I would like to give to the detective before he go . int . jamie 's bedroom , ashen house - day the door open . Jamie enter , pick up the box which he have shove billy into . he hand it to the detective . lipton I can not promise anything . ella appear in the doorway . jamie you sure you do not want to lock I up for the night down at the station ? Lipton smile . . lipton that 's not up to I . he turn and leave . ella I will walk you to the door , officer . Jamie go to the window , stare out through the bar . he hear Lipton and ella clomp down the stair , then watch as Lipton exit the house and head for he car . then , from somewhere deep in the house , a angry bellow . charle ( 0.s. ) son. Jamie turn towards the voice . 's charle ( 0.s. , cont 'd ) May I see you please ? int . library , ashen house - dusk a roaring fireplace lick out at a stately library . ella walk up behind Charles , whisper in he ear . she spin Charles 's wheelchair around , so that he can see Jamie , stand in the doorway of the darken room . charle where have you be all day ? jamie I get catch up . sorry . charle you sure do . the police tell I all about it . Jamie stare at he shoe - a child be punish . i charle Vo so what do you have to say for yourself ? stealing car and break in to place -~ be that how . you spend you day ? . jamie no . charle so why do you do it ? jamie I be try tc .... ( beat ; reconsider ) I do not know . ella you father and I be not mad at you , Jamie . we just want to protect you . we care about you . charle yes . in fact , ella spend all day make you a special lunch . , 3 . damie look up at ella . ne jamie I '' sorry , ella . ella it 's okay . charle the reason we want you to be here for lunch be that it 's ella 's birthday today . jamie happy birthday , ella . ella beam . ella that 's quite okay . ( beat ) we be go to have a birthday dinner tonight instead . what do you say ? curt to : for { '' `s . int . dine room , ashen house ~ night candle flicker on a cake , before ella blow they ail ont . Jamie be .once again séate at the end of the table , opposite Charles . and . ella . he prod he dinner ; have not touch any of it . look nervous . ella I love birthdays . especially my own . charle until you remember how old you be . ella hit he mockingly . ella be quiet , you . she cut inte the cake with a large knife . ella would you like some cake , Jamie ? jamie no , I be fine . charle no thank you , be what you say . ella remove a slice . ella I know this be a very hard time for you , Jamie , but I have always find that , even in a small way , there 's nothing like a piece of chocolate cake to raise you spirit . charle or raise the needle on the scale . ella burst out laugh , point the knife at Charles . ella one more word out of you and it 's off with you head . Jamie shift uncomfortably in he seat . ~ J oo for charle lo what about a birthday song ? ella no , darling . Jamie 's probably have '' enough of we . ; charle come on , we will sing one for he . Jamie smile nervously , charle one , two , three ... he take a deep breath . charle ( sing ) for he 's a jolly good fellow , for he 's a jolly good fellow ... ella beam even wider than usual , join in . charle / ella oy ( sing ) yt ..- for he 's a jolly good fellow ... I which nobody can deny ! Jamie start to shake , the fork in he hand quivering . charle / ella ( cont 'd ) ( sing ) which nobody can deny ! which nobody can deny ! jamie thank you ... thank you , that be ... very nice . and back to awkward silence . ella you sure you do not want any cake , Jamie ? Jamie cast he eye down , fidget . jamie no , no , thank you . suddekly - Charles explode , scream at Jamie . charle look at her when you talk to her you ungrateful little bastard !! ella ~ Charlie , calm down . ; charle no , I will not . this be the way it 's always be with he . all he do be take . Jamie push himself up from the table . charle ( cont 'd ) all we have do since you get here be make you feel welcome , but it 's never good enough . jamie good enough for what ? a hug and a fuck apology ? he turn to ella . jamie ( cont 'd ) just tc keep you up to date , ella , thé last time I see Charles here , twelve long year ago , I be squinting at he through a black eye that he give I . charle - yes , it 's easy to get sympathy with only one side of the story . bile rise in Jamie 's throat as year of frustration and hurt erupt from within he . jamie I be a kid , dad . that 's the whole story , end of story . charle I give you everything and you still fight I . jamie toy car do not mean shit when you be lock in you room all day listen to you hit mom . i charle ko how dare you say that in front of '' my wife ! ella can not take it anymore . ' ella why can not we all just be a happy family for one night on my birthday ? jamie because of I , that 's why . I be the ungrateful bastard . so I think I should just go . he storm out . charle you come back here ! ext . ashen house - night Jamie storm out the front door , hurl he suitcase into he car . ae ella come after he , plead . ss ella Jamie ... jamie I '' leave , ella . he jump inside he car , start it up . ella you can not leave , Jamie . I be afraid oft what will happen if you leave . re take off , speed down the driveway - and slamming on the brake . the front gate be padlocked shut . Jamie glance in he rearview - see boz approach with a garden stake . sweat pour down Jamie 's forehead . he reverse the car up , as — — -- boz break inte a run . ~ 4 ww Jamie throw the car into drive , stompins on the gas and barreling through the gate , smashing they down and fish - tailing into the night . Charles - be sit at 's the upstairs window in he wheelcha:z . | stare . down at the ruin gate . i there 's something cold and detach about he look . : boz slow down , give up the chase . ella appear next to he . boz I try the stop he ..- I be sorry . ella Mr ashen would like to see you . curt to : ext . '' come on inn 's motel - night the motel 's sign sway in the wind , creak . int . lipton 's room , ' come on inn 's motel - same '' a this be not the Hilton . of Lipton sit . on he bed , examine billy . he sit the dummy on he lap , wedge he hand into the back of its head . lipton hello there . he take a stab at a bit of amateur ventriloguism , do he best to keep he lip from move . lipton {as billy ) hello to you , detective . how be you tonight ? he 's pretty bad at it . lipton well , I '' just great . riilinnnggg !! he jump as the phone ring . put down the dummy and take fo4 the call . oo , 74 . lipton detective Lipton . ( beat ) I all be right there . ext . lipton 's room , ' come on inn 's motel - moment . later Lipton leave he door ajar , exite he room and march down towards the front office . as he walk , he look over and netice Henry 's sister mariokx , stand in the center of the parking lot . silently watch . int . front office , '' come on inn 's motel - night Lipton enter , approach the counter . lipton you get a fax for I ? the hotel manager hand Lipton a envelope . he open it , flipping through the page . lipton this everything that come ? the hotel manager nod , lipton you do not say much , do ya ? the hotel manager shake he head . ext . lipton be room , ' come on inn 's motel - night Lipton walk back towards he room . as he get closer , he notice something strange . a voice be come from within he room . he tense up the way a cop do . edge towards the door , listen . woman' voice ( 0.s. ) } be that what you want ? a second voice answer ~ deeper , muffle . voice ( 0.8 . ) I want what you have . woman 's voice ( 0.s. ) what ? what be it ? on at ww voice ( 0.8 . ) a family . woman 's voice ( 0.s. ) do not you have one already ? voice ( 0.5 . ) no. : woman' voice ( 0.5 . ) } why not ? voice ( 0.s. ) it be take from I . woman' voice who take it ? Lipton reach he door , push it open and peek in . int . lipton 's room , ' come on inn 's motel - continuous he see marion , sit on he bed opposite billy the dummy . billy be sit up , look straight at marion . marion who take it ? there be no answer forthcoming from the puppet . marion hey ! why be not you talk anymore ? say something . Lipton watch , confuse , then open the door fully . he step towards marion but she do not hear he . lipton madam ? marion turn around , fear in she eye . lipton ( cont 'd ) what be you do in here ? she point at the doll . marion he talk to I . he will not shut up when no one else be around . Lipton look the the doll , then take marion by the arm . lipton madam , I be go to have to ask you to leave . he guide she to the door , ease she outside . she wander outside ahd then turn back . . marion she 's in there with you . lipton Excuse I ? who 's in where ? marion be about to answer when she take she dead raver out of she pocket , smile at it . marion best bird I ever have , ' Lipton nod . lipton right . good night , mar 'am . he close the door . int . jamie 's car , moving - niget ' Jamie steer the car through black oblivion , push it to its limit . : Flying past the window be the darken street of raven Fair . not a sovl can he see anywhere . the town be lonely ... the wind its only tenant . Jamie slow the car to a stop , he mania subside . he collapse onto the steering wheel as a clap of thunder roar its disapproval from the sky . finally he look up , stare at something through the windshield , atop a hill on the town high ground . the cemetery . CUT to : int . lipton be room , ' come on inn 's motel - night a frenzied symphony reach its crescendo on a tinny radio in the corner . Lipton fix a pair of read glass to he face , scan the fax papers he receive . what he doesn ’t see be the eye of the ventriloguist 's dummy move toward he . '' ~ . glaring at he . Lipton glance over at the dummy . its eye be face front again . Lipton go back to the fax papers ... and this time we see what he do not notice in he peripheral vision . the dummy whole head turn to face he . Lipton look up ... but its not the dummy that have get he attention - its a sound . a voice . whispered voice ( 0.s. ) help I ..- please help I ... Lipton furrow he brow . do he just hear something ? ' whispered voice ( 0.s . ) ++- can you help I ? Lipton switch the radio off . listen . whispered voice ( 0.s. ) please ... the voice be guttural , female . Lipton . follow the whisper - it 's come from behind a cabinet . weispered voice ( 0.s. ) ..- help . . Lipton snatch up he gun . cock it . lipton who be that ? who 's there ? he approach the cabinet , heaving it aside -- -- and revealing a small wooden door , about waist-height . he grab a flashlight from the desk , crouching down . he open the crawispace door . slowly . carefully . he stare into the pitch - black square of darkness beyond the door . lipton identify yourself . he wriggle he way into the crawlspace . int . crawlspace , ~ come on inn 's motel - continuo he lash the flashlight in all direction . undefine object clutter the space . rotted , wooden pillar support the low -ceil , run the entire length of the- puild . lipton who 's there ? Lipton crawl forth , he hand crunching in the gravel . suddenly -- -- the door shut behind he ! Lipton rush to it , smash on it . lipton God damn it , this be not funny ! he stop abruptly . feel something behind he . a presence . he whirl around , aim he flashlight into the inky void -- nothing move but the shadow cast by its light . he turn around again , jerk on the door . as he do , the feel loom behind he again . rising . he stop . then spin around -- = ~ } 79 , ~-coming face -to-face with the ghoulishly painted visage of mary shaw ~~ so close he can smell ner rotten breath , she eye burn like candle flame in open wound . he reel back in fright , smash into a pile of stack up junk . the ’flashlight fall out of he hand , cut out . total blackness once again . ' we hear Lipton claw at the gravel . terror in he voice . lipton Jesus fuck Christ ! for a moment , only the wooden beam around he reply , ereak under they own weight ... ++-until a sicken snort erupt - right next to Lipton . ke fire he gun -- each shot illuminate the nightmare vision of Mary Shaw ... crawl toward he ... unaffected by the gunfire . smile . Lipton ' 's gun click empty and he scream !! we hear the ’sound of he scream be CUT short -- follow by the wet , throaty sound of he tongue be ripped out . for a moment , all we hear be Lipton gurgle , suck in short breath . they decrease in volume as he life fade ... and then we hear Mary Shaw . she be whisper to Lipton -- in he own voice . mary shaw {in Lipton 's voice ) this be necessary . then silence . ext . cemetery - night lightn cast long shadow across this field of the dead ... «sand one live soul . Jamie kneel over he wife 's grave , head bow . the wind whistle through the tree . Jamie be truly alone . ritiinnnggg !!! on ( . his cell phone startles he out of it . he fish it out of he pocket . the call be from a unknown number . he stab the answer key . . jamie hello ? _ Electronic hiss reply ... like breathe . jamie hello ? &a single word emerge from the white noise , like a cry for help in a snowstorm . lipton 's voice ( v.0 . ) +.- damie ... the line be a bad one - static interrupt . jamie detective ? the electronic hiss grow louder . jamie detective , I can not hear you . you nre break up . syllables pop in and out , all that Jamie can make out , and then -- lipton 's voice ( v.0 . ) '' -. you nre innocent ... Jamie get to he foot . stun . jamie what do you say ? lipton 's voice ( v.o. ) ..- the theater ...go ... theater «.-nnow ...it 's ... the hiss drown he word again . jamie detective I be lose you . detective ? detective ?! the line go dead . Jamie stare at the phone , speechless . he turn and run through the headstone towards he car . int . lipton 's room , ' come on inn 's motel - niget a bloody ' hand spear out of the crawlspace door , grab at the carpet . it haul a body forward - lipton be body . he gag , lurching forward on he hand and knee , cling <o life . he claw he way out of the crawlspace , towards the phone ... «.. until he body give in and collapse under he . then --— -- a light fall across he face as the door open . Lipton 's eye widen in terror as a shadow fall across he . a unseen figure be enter he hotel room . Lipton follow the figure with he eye , blood seeping from within he mouth . the. unseen intruder pick up the doll calmly , pause to stand over Lipton . he make a noise , all that he tongueless mouth will allow ; a throaty bark from deep within he gut . the last noise he will ever make . and with that , the unseen figure leave , take the doll . the door close . ext . forest - night night have turn a sea of lush , fall color into a black forest . then - - -- a pair of headlight spear along the road that wind through the tree . from high above , the car be just a insect , dwarfed by the royal pine around it . ext . roadside - same Jamie climb out of he car , scan around . 82 . there be no other car or sign of life . ext . lake shore - moment later twig crunch underfoot as Jamie step out onto the lake . a thick mist hang over the water like a vaporous blanket , obscure any view of the island at its center . next to the boat , a olé gas lantern hang on a post , the flame inside flicker . Jamie take it and step into the boat . he push off from the jetty . the mist envelope he . as he row towards the theater , the soft glow of the lantern float through the thick fog be all that we can make out . ext . guignol theater ~ night the theater . it loom against the black sky , dare brave soul to enter it . one such soul step up to it - Jamie . he clamber out of the boat , gawk up at the building . he lean into the open door . , jamie detective ? his query echoe throughout the theater ... and then be answer by a distant voice . lipton 's voice ( 0.5 . ) Inside . Jamie hesitates , then push the door open . int . guignol theater - night by day , this theater be dim ... pby night , it be a impenetrable fortress of darkness . Jamie grope down the aisle , explore the auditorium with the lantern hold out in front of he . jamie detective ? no answer . 83. he peer up into the light . the door to Mary 's live ko quarter swing open . Jamie ascend the ladder which lead up to it . cautious , he begin to pace across the catwalk that run to Mary 's live quarter . he stop halfway across . jamie detective ? i again , there be no answer . int . mary live area , guignol theater - night Jamie edge into Mary 's meager lodging . the room be empty . jamie Lipton , where be you ? he hold up the lantern , swinging it around -- ~- as someone 's hand cover he mouth ! for audrey be stand in front of he , point a long , double - '' barrel shotgun at he with one hand and smother he se mouth with the other . audrey shhh ... if you know what 's good for you , you will be very , very quiet . she raise the gun , whisper to he . audrey ( cont 'd ) I tell you not to come in here . we all do . you would not listen though , would you ? jamie hold on a minute ... audrey I see you take that boat . you think it 's the only one I get ? jamie put the gun down , please . ( : audrey ba. vl you do not know what you have do , boy . come in here . disturb the place . . jamie . i '' sorry , I -- audrey what be it you be hope to jamie detective Lipton call I , I to meet he here . audrey bullshit . budrey edge forward , gun train . jamie detective Lipton be in here somewhere , I swear it . find ? he tell audrey io . there be not no one here but you . for ' ' jamie ss I hear he . audrey . well , then where be he ? liptone voice ( 0.s. } right in front of you . they both whirl when they hear the voice . it do indeed come from right in front of they ... but there be no one there - just a wall . audrey who be that ? get out of there ! jamie wait ... Jamie step forward , hold the lantern out in front of he . audrey stop breathe , cock the shotgun . Jamie reach the wall , examine it with the lantern . for com . he leok back at audrey , then hold out he arm -~ -- and instead of hit the wall , he arm extend . through it . . that 's because it be not a’wall at all , but a hidden door , disguise by the pattern of the wood . audrey good God ... Jamie disappear through the hide door . audrey take a flashlight out of she pocket and follow he through it . int . the doll room — continuous foul air hit they as they step into a adjoin room . they step forward -- straight into a sheet of cobweb . Jamie swat at it , clearly not a fan of spider . they claw the webbing away , revealing a better view of the chamber . it be long and narrow , with ratty drape cover shelving that line the wall on either side of they . a single beam of moonlight leak though a small window on the wall face they . : jamie detective ? audrey swathes the tenebrous cavern with she flashlight . neither of they dare breathe . finally , Jamie size up the taut cloth which cover up one side of the dust - choke dungeon . he approach it , careful . pick up one corner of it . audrey 's heart be in she throat . Jamie rip the curtain away ... .+- teveal a large , glass -fronted cabinet . behind the glass , all perch on shelf in neat row like obedient child , be dozen upon dozen of ventriloquist dummy . bil of they wear the exact same tuxedo billy wear . bé. the flashlight give each wooden face a moment in the spotlight . all that set of eye ... all staring eerily at audrey and Jamie . Jamie finally turn to face the cloth on the opposite side cf the room . there appear to be someone or something under it . Jamie look back at audrey , who grip she shotgun . Jamie tear the sheet away . audrey stifles a gasp . instead of more wooden doll , audrey 's flashlight find a hideously atrophy human body - slump over , its head bow forward . like all the other dummy , the body be dress exactly like billy . audrey step in close to the body , examine the harden , leathery flesh of its face . she bend down , try to get a better view . audrey this body have be preserve ... like a hunt trophy . wire be cdile around the body chest , neck and wrist . the wire run up to the ceiling , strung over wooden beam . they dangle down in front of Jamie , tie to block of wood . he grip one of the four wooden handle , pull down on the wire . the body head snap upwards !! audrey recoil in SHOCK . the wire have act like a pulley , lift the body head to reveal a young boy - he feature droop like melt wax , he mouth elongate into a permanent smile that bely he dead , unblink eye . it be the disbely red-headed boy we meet in Henry 's flashback ... once alive , now just embalmed flesh , fill with '' sawdust . Jamie pull down on another of the wire and the boy hand be lift . he be a human puppet . Jamie let go of the wire , repulse -- realize he have be operate the boy like a marionette . the wall behind the boy be plaster with damp , fade newspaper article . headline scream out at they : missing child , search for child grow desperate , raven' fair mystery . . audrey T think we just solve a sixty year old mystery . they stare at the boy , transfix ... «.- but there be something they do not see . behind they , one of the dummy in the cabinet move . it 's eye turn slightly . creaking . Jamie whirl around and snap the lantern onto it . audrey this boy -- jamie wait . then : ' the dummy whole head move . it pivot to the right with a click , as if stare off at something . another head follow ... then another ... then another . like a spread wave , every one of the devilish doll swivel its head to the right , all focus on something at the end of the room . terrify , Jamie and audrey follow the many set of eye to what they be all look at : a figure , sagging in a rock chair in the corner . another ventriloquist dummy . at first it do nothing ... then its jaw move , ever so slightly . emit two hoarse , whisper word , in the voice of lipton . the dummy ( in Lipton 's voice ) found I . Jamie and audrey stand before the ghoulish gallery . 86 audrey Mary Shaw ... the doll 's eye turn to audrey . it 's voice become a dread - fill rasp . the dummy clever . audrey look back at the corpse of the young boy . audrey you kill that boy ... the dummy no . I give he a hew voice . flashcut to : int . doll room - night -- flashback the red-headed boy be slump on Mary Shaw 's lap - the dead and mummify version of the boy we have just see . Mary stroke he hair . mary shaw dd not I treat you well , billy ? Mary then provide the voice of the boy - as she would a ventriloquist dummy . mary shaw ( in the voice of the boy ) yes , mother . the best I could ever hope for . flashcut to : int . dole room - night -- present audrey and Jamie be horrify by what they be hearing . audrey why have you come back ? why after all this year ? the dummy so hard to find the perfect child . ( beat ) sometimes you have to make one . Jamie 's chest heave , unable to believe what he be hearing . cos jamie what happen to Lisa ? the dummy seem to be revelling in Jamie 's pain . grinning . . the dummy I take she tongue . : jamie why ? why she ? why would you take she ?! . the dummy I do it to bring you back . jamie what do you want with I ? the dummy come closer and I 'o j1 tell you . Jamie take a step toward the grotesque puppet . audrey reach out to grab he but he shake free . the dummy closer . he take anbther step . the dummy I will whisper it to you . Jamie lean down , near enough to touch the dumny . time stop . then -- the dummy it 's time to make another perfect child . as the dummy whisper this word , a long fleshy tongue pour from the its mouth , lick Jamie 's face ! he reel back , as the doll 's cackle ring out . suddenly -~- a bone - white hand , cover in dead flesh , clasp the side of the dummy head from behind , follow by another hand on the other side of the dummy head . so. someone be crouching behind the dummy . the new figure begin to rise . it be mary shaw . she hold the dummy up in front of she , hide she face , she tongue writhe through the back of the its head and project out of its mouth , lolling and flick at they . the tongue be make from several other tongue -- all melded together to form one serpentine appendage that stretch at least a foot in length . Jamie scramble back as Mary advance . audrey fire the shotgun , hit the dummy and rlowing it backward through the window ! Mary Shaw scream - and vaporize into thin AIR . one of the dummy in the cabinet turn its head to face Jamie and audrey . it begin to laugh , fill the chamber with a nerve - shatter chorus of sadistic pleasure . from within the dummy , a ghostly apparition begin oozing out of the eye-socket , form Mary Shaw 's face . boom ! — audrey fire another shot - shatter the glass and destroy the dummy before Mary 's spirit can fully form . Mary rip out another inhuman scream . audrey fumble through she pocket for more shell . a third dummy turn its head , and Mary once again start to slither out . Jamie watch this , realization crash down on he . jamie destroy all the doll ! he seize the gas lantern and heave it at the cabinet . the lantern smashes and the shelf ignite . Mary wail in pain . the whole cabinet be ablaze . Jamie yank audrey towards the doorway . behind they , the body of the young boy begin to move . his head lift , turn towards they , he arm reach out as a shape begin to leak from within he . stumble , audrey and Jamie retreat into -- int . mary live area -~ ' continuous -- Mary 's live quarter , and then -- | int . passageway , guignol theater ~ continuous -- down the corridor that lead to she quarter , stumbling out onto -- int . backstage , guignol theater - continuous -- the catwalk . it tremble under they foot . they walk backwards , eye locked on the door to Mary 's live area . Mary appear in the doorway - as calm as a python - advancing towards they down the passageway . she flick she tongue at they , menace . damie and audrey back up as she glide out onto the catwalk . mary shaw ( in Lipton 's voice ) I can make you scream . she stomp down on the metal grill beneath she foot , and the force be enough to dislodge the catwalk . it pitch downward , Jamie . and audrey plunging off it -- Jamie snatch a curtain rope with one arm as he fall . audrey be not so lucky . she scream as she flail in the air -- and that 's when it happen . her tongue begin to separate from she throat mid - scream . it launch from she mouth in a geyser of blood , Mary Shaw collect it from the air between they and slurping it down like a large , tasty slug . jamie audrey ! audrey 's body smashes to the stage below , bone crack . Jamie dangle high above the stage , he force swinging the rope wildly from side to side . he look down , see a halo of blood spread around audrey 's body . oo ( he go for break -- let go of the rope as he reach the curtain , , grab the red velvet and slide down , landing 50 , hard on ( the stage that he crash through it -- int . prop storage room , below stage - continuous ' -~ and land in a body of water . he surface , . gag and cough , whipping he head around and be greet by a clown face . he be tread water in some kind of storage room for stage prop - long since flooded . he duck under the water , lung forward and spear-swimming through mannequin , costume rack , garish mask and more — memoir of a glorious past , now leave to drow in a basement . he reach a sluice gate , which spill out into -- ext . lake - night -- the lake . ! Jamie pitch headfirst into the murky moat . he resurface , gasp , and begin kick for the shore . halfway across he stop , lose in the fog . he whip a look around . do not know which way to swim . below he -- -- under the water -~ -- a dummy float like a corpse in the current ~ the very one audrey have blow out of the window with the shotgun . a hand begin to claw its way from within the dummy face . on the surface Jamie kick forward - not seeing the body of Mary Shaw forming underneath he . her head break the surface , rising like a leviathan . her shoulder clear the water - until she stand on the surface , glide gracefully across the water . headed straight for Jamie . a , 7 19 uw his heart skip a beat as he see she . he kick and splutter , surging forward , struggle to move . Mary be closer now , arm outstretched . '' desperate , he take one last dive -- — - and land on hard ground . ext . forest - night - continuous he claw himself out of the mud , stand up and run forward ... branch lash he face ... blood sting he eye . he stumble out onto the road , see he car up ahead . he sprint to it , fling open the door and jump in . he slot he key into the ignition . the engine screech in protest . jamie come on , come on ! the car roar to life . he stomp on the gas and be go . int . jamie' car , moving - night Jamie check he face in the mirror - sweat and blood trickle down he forehead . something have change about he - he eye look wild . once he - be on the edge - now he 's over it . he accelerate , the tree whipping past he on either side of the lose highway , take he somewhere , anywhere , away from here . ext . '' come on inn 's motel - night a storm be brewing . Jamie 's car screech to a halt outside Lipton 's room . he leap out , charge up to Lipton 's door . he push on it . it be already open . 94 . int . lipton 's room , ' come on inn 's motel - continuo Jamie maneuver inside the room , careful . he tread . forward . and then he see it -- -- a river of blood track through the room , lead from the crawlspace door into the bathroom . Jamie prod the bathroom door open . Lipton be there , twisted on the floor - he face grossly contort . his tongue missing . Jamie start toss the place , ransack drawer and anything else in he path . then -- -- he eye land on something and he stop . sheet of paper on the ground . Police record . a mug-shot of boz glare up at Jamie , he fingerprint laid out beneath it . Jamie pluck the papers up . as he read a cover letter from the fax Lipton receive , we see the keyword hit he like dart : '' the fingerprint find on the axe you turn in match that of Michael ' boz 's bosley . on a separate line : ' there be a second set of unidentified fingerprint . 's Jamie look up from the papers . jamie boz ... he spot Lipton ' 's gun on the ground near the crawlspace entrance and snatch it up . he scour around , locating a spare clip of bullet . he take it , jam it awkwardly into the gun ... ..- and be on the move again . CUT to : 0 ut ext . ashen house - wight Home sweet home . Jamie peer through the gate , which swing in the breeze , the oil-starve hinge moan . ' he heave they open , step onte the grounds of the house . | the fog curl up around he leg like tentacles . thonder crack in the distance , lightning blink and illuminate the house . he move toward the garden shed , which be light from within . he swallow and cock the gun . int . garden shed , ashen house - night Jamie swing open the door . the. shed be empty , a lantern creak as it swing in th wind . . breathe hard , Jamie explore the shed . on the wall , there be a rack of tool , hold in place by nail . a hammer , plier , a set of garden shearse ... and a space where a ake should be . boi' voice ( 0.5 . ) warm ... Jamie wheel on the voice . it come from outside the shed . ext . ashen house - night Jamie edge outside , surveying the dark garden . not a soul in sight . boz 's voice { 0.s. ) warmer ... Jamie hone in on the voice - it be come from directly ahead , amongst the tree . he take a tentative step toward it , knee - deep in fog . the shadow of a figure begin to take shape in front of he . Jamie stop move and aim the gun , he hand tremble . jamie I can see you there , boz . no response . a agonizing beat ... then Jamie step forward again -- -- as boz sit bolt upright out of the fog , he tongue missing ! ke gag , spitting . blood and grip he throat . he grab Jamie 's foot , eye plead . we hear the sound of disembody laughter swirl around Jamie , recede into the distance like a waking dream . Jamie bend down , try to help boz . jamie no ! no ! boz sag in Jamie 's arm as he suck in he last breath . he be go . Jamie fight ' tear -- more of anger than anything else . he look up at the house ... «-- clenching he tooth and fist . int . front door , ashen house ~ night the front door lumber open arthritically . Jamie step inside . the sole sound come from a distant clock . Jamie edge forward , hold the gun out before he . int . stairwell / upstair corridor , ashen house - night he climb the stair , every creak floorboard a thunderclap in the dead quiet . at the top of the stair , a mouth of darkness beckon he to become its food - the hallway . intermittent pool of light be cast by the wall - mount lamp , recede down the hall . oo he creep forward . tick , tick , tick . the grandfather clock ahead of he go about its business . there be no . other sound ... -..then crunch . Jamie look down . he lift he foot , the slime of a dead cockroach stretch oe the floor . several other cockroach crawl up he he swallow he disgust , flick the insect away . another cockroach skitter from underneath a door , then another . they be come from Jamie 's bedroom . int . jamie' bedrcom , ashen house - continuous the door whine open . Jamie fumble inside . he survey the room , he eye pan across the white sheat which be drape over the furniture in the room . a cockroach appear from under one of the white sheet . Jamie move towards it , seizing the white sheet and rip it away -- -- revealing a old , wooden diaper change table . a leather bound book sit on top of it . Jamie pick up the book , flipping it open . a lock of hair be tape to the front page . on the next page , a ultrasound photo . then a tiny footprint . Jamie read the word write on the front . jamie ( read from book ) in memory of ella and Charles ' ashen 's daughter ... twelfth of August , 2005 . he run he finger over the diaper change table . 98. jamie ( cont 'd ) she lose a baby ... Jamie set the book down and tear one of the other white sheet ' away -- . -- to unveil a crib , complete with hang baby toy , dangle above it like circle vulture . he peer into the crib . a huge pack of cockroach scatter around the soile sheet in it , crawl over each other . in the center of the swarm be a jar , fill with a yellowing liquid . Jamie shudder with revulsion as he see what be in the jar - it be a foetus . curle into a ball and shrivel . then -— a noise . it 's come from outside the room . he snap he head around . it be the sound of someone sobbing . int . upstair corridor , ashen house - continuous he step out of the bedroom , stalking down the hall . the whimper sob drift towards he from out of the darkness up ahead . Jamie advance . a light spilling from underneath a door at the end of the hall come into focus . it be the door to the master bedroom . he approach it , the cry get louder as he do . int . master bedroom , ashen house - continuous and in the dark , dark house ... there be a dark , dark room . the door creak open . janie slip inside . - he glance around the huge , sparsely furnish room ... ll 10 ‘o ... past a four-poster bed , shield by a sheer lace curtain ..- past a fireplace , its flame give off the only light ... to a tall , free-stand closet . the sobbing interrupt he again . it as come from within the closet . the closet door open a fraction , a thin blade of darkness separate they . Jamie play statue , stare at the closet . we can hear he heart beat . he tread towards the closet ... «.-closer ... +. closer ... ---stand in front of it . he grip the gun tightly . take a deep breath -- — - and throw open the door . the chime of coat-hanger greet he . a face grin up at he from the back of the closet . billy . the sobbing melt into laughter ~ a slow burn cackle . jamie freeze as he realize the laughter be come from behind he . that 's when a mirror mount on the inside of the door show he a terrifying vision . in the reflection , mary shaw be stand right behind he !!! grinning . he whip around to face she . she snarl at he , she tongue worm across she chest like a blood soak eel . mary shaw ( in Lisa 's voice ) I ¢an make you scream . a , 100 . jamie no . you do not scare I . Jamie snatch up billy , the dummy . Mary hiss . at he . - jamie I think you ’‘re a bit too old to be play with dolis . Mary charge at he , arm outstretch -- -- as Jamie hurl the dummy into the fireplace . the flame consume the doll , the paint on its face bubbling and melting as it be scorched . Mary let out a shriek hear in hell , she body writhe in agony ... -+.and then she be go . her scream fade . Jamie sag into the corner , exhausted with fear . his breath subside and he close he eye . he finally open they , look around the room . there be no sign of Mary . the only sound be the crackle of burn wood . Jamie 's eye land on a figure in the corner . it be he father . sitting upright in he wheelchair , he face Jamie with the stolid expression of a coma patient , hide in shadow . Jamie get up . slow . lock on he father . jamie dad ... no answer be forthcoming . Jamie step closer to he . jamie ( cont ’d ) dad ? he step closer again , reach he father . Jamie clutch Charles by the shoulder —- jostling he . jamie ( cont 'd ) dad ?! and then it happen . Charles . flop forward in he wheelchair . Jamie stop dead . can not comprehend what he be see . all of the meat have be stripped away from charle ' back . instead of a exposed spine , the flesh have be embalmed , stitched together and stuffed ... like a doll . Jamie 's mind do cartwheel as we flash back : int . master bedroom , ashen house - day - flashback we have return to a earlier scene , where Jamie first be - united with he father . as Jamie stand and dismiss the pleasantry , we rotate around to view the scene from behind Charles and ella . from here , we see ella operate Charles like a puppet . as he talk , we zero in to see that it be ella 's throat move , provide Charles 's carcass with a voice . . CUT to : int . dine room , ashen house - night - flashback we be back at the dinner table with the ashen 's , with ella spoon - feed Charles at the head of the table . ella be not this wonderful ? all of we eat dinner here together ? as she say this , we rotate around she - see that the gruel she be shovel into Charles 's mouth be not be consume --- but dripping cut of a hole in the back of he head like a leak pipe . cut to : int . jamie 's apartment - day - flashback back to the beginning . the phone ring and Jamie let it go to the answer machine . 102 . charle ( v.q. ) hello , Jamie . int . live room , ashen house - day - flashback ella be on ' the other end of the phone , speak in the voice of Charles . ella {as Charles ) I only want to say two thing . please allow I to do so . cuT to : int . master bedroom , ashen house - night - present Jamie reel back from he father 's solidify body , stunne . a shadow flat across the wall behind he and he whip around . there be a presence in the room . Jamie follow it with he eye until he gaze land on a figure , lie on the bed beyond the lace curtain . we see the shadow fall into the figure , which then suck in a huge breath , sit up . it be ella . she be smile at Jamie . a motherly smile . she climb out of the bed , walk towards Jamie . ella you do not have to be afraid of he . he can not hurt you anymore . cur to : int . dine room , ashen house ~ night - flashback a spotlight illuminate ella , look very pregnant . we be see this in the same style in which we see the Mary Shaw poem in the open scene . . as in Mary 's story , a man step into the light and begin attack the pregnant woman - though this time it be charle strike ella . int . master bedroom , ashen house - night — present slow motion : Jamie back away from ella , shocked . he turn and run , burst through into -- 103 . int . upstair corridor , ashen hodse - continuous -- the corridor . slow motion : as he run , we hear ella 's voice - over run over a series of image which mirror Mary 's story in the epen scene - all play out in the harsh beam of a spotlight . ella ( v.0 . ) he hurt a woman name ella once , and she lose she baby . CUT to : int . nursery , ashen house - night ~ flashback we be in Jamie 's bedroom -- only now it look more like a nursery . ella be curl in a ball in the corner , weep , clutching a child 's doll . ella ( v.0 . ) after that , she go a little mad ... and start hearing my voice . . CUT to : int . garden shed , ashen house - night - flashback ella take a axe from the wall of boz 's shed . ella ( v.0 . ) my voice call out to she ... cur to : int . maryn live area , guignol theatre ~ night - flashback ella swing the axe , smash the lock on the trunk which contain the ventriloquist doll . ella ( v.0 . ) ~.- tell she that it could give she the one thing she want more than anything ... int . staircase , ashen house - night - present slow motion : Jamie run down the stair . a 104 , ella ( v.0 . ) ++- a family . int . nursery , ashen house - night - flashback ella stand above the erib , cradling billy in she arm . i we see a apparition rise from within billy - entering ella 's body through every orifice in she face ... ..- possessing her . ella ( v.o cont 'd ) now ella be no more . cur to : int . bathroom , ashen house - night - flashback Charles shave with a straight razor . Charles spin around to see Mary Shaw . he scream - he tongue ejecting from he mouth . cur tc : int . entrance hall , ashen house - night - present Jamie reach the front door , desperate . ella ( v.0 . ) the murder of you wife bring you back here to this house ... Jamie suddenly freeze . he turn slowly to he right , stare off into the live room . pure horror spread across he face - whatever he be look at , it must be a vision of Hell . ella ( v.0 . ) +«sbut now I need you to be the perfect child . for a perfect family . we see what Jamie be look at . if be lisa . her decompose corpse be sit up on a chair . rotting dress cling to she body . flesh shrivel and pale . mouth gape open . Jamie scream - a primeval cry from somewhere in the abyss . we close in on he mouth until it swallow we whole ... +.» plunging we into darkness . we hear Jamie 's scream be CUT short by a fleshy , wet , ripping SOUND , follow by throaty gurgling . and then nothing . CUT to : int . bedroom - night we be back where we begin . two figure , hide in shadow . a mother read to she son before bed , by candle light . woman .-. but should you ever see she , and you knee go weak , and you forget , to hold in you shriek , remember this word , that I have sung - it will not be the cat , that 's get you tongue . this time , we move in close enough to see that the woman on the edge of the bed be ella . boy ( 0.5 . ) so what do I do if Mary Shaw come to visit I ? ella laugh . she 's enjoy this . ella there 's only one thing that can stop she . she pick up the candle beside the bed , lean a little closer to the boy ... -.- who we now see be not a boy , but -- -- jamie . he lie still on the bed . eye open . unblink . a young man , once alive , now just embalmed flese fill with sawdust . a human doll . through ella 's ventriloquisn , a voice seem to escape he cold , dead , tongueless mouth . ella ( in Jamie ' 's voice ) what 's that , mother ? ella whisper for emphasis . ella silence ... and with one breath , she blow out the candle ... «»- plunging we into darkness . fade out .