deadpool written by rhett reese &amp ; Paul wernick final shoot script - November 16 , 2015 over black . low volume , through a tinny speaker , juice newton be `angel of the morning . ' fade up on : 1 ext . / int . taxi cab - morning 1 deadpool , in full dress reds and mask , quietly fidget in the back seat of a taxi cab as it proceed along a CITY freeway . deadpool adjust the two katanas strapped to he back . roll the window up , down , up . tries futilely to untwist the seatbelt , then lunge forward , lock it up . rifles through a tourist booklet and tear out a haunted segway tour coupon . the cabbie , young , thin , brown , glance back and forth from the rear view to the road to the rear view . deadpool kinda lonesome back here . CUT to : deadpool , wedging himself through the open between the back seat and front . his two katanas do not cooperate , catch on the plexiglas , stalling he mid-torso . deadpool ( cont 'd ) Little help ? the cabbie grab deadpool 's hand and pull he through to the front . deadpool 's head rest upside down on the bench seat as he maneuver he leg through . the cabbie turn the help hand into a handshake , then turn down the juice . cabbie dopinder . deadpool ( still upside - down ) pool. deadpool . dopinder be remarkably unaffected by the lunatic in he cab . dopinder why the fancy red suit , Mr. Pool ? deadpool it 's like Christmas Day , dopinder . be wait one thousand eight hundred twenty - two day , three hour ... ( check ` adventure time ' watch ) ... and thirty - six minute for this shit . ( continued ) 2 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 1 continued : 1 deadpool turn himself right - side - up in the front seat . he be yoked to the gill and armed to the tooth . twin katanas . twin desert eagle .50 caliber pistol . deadpool grab dopinder 's OPEN bag of corn nut . dopinder be not quick enough to stop he . deadpool gaze out the window onto the city - a teeming , sooty urban sprawl that look almost ... pre-post-apocalyptic . deadpool turn up he mask . dopinder catch a glimpse of the bottom of a scarree face . and quickly look away . deadpool eat the corn nut . crunch . crunch . point . deadpool ( cont 'd ) Nice . dopinder eye he daffodil daydream AIR freshener and take a deep breath through he nose . dopinder smell good , no ? deadpool not the daffodil daydream . the girl . a picture of a young indian woman be tape to the dash . dopinder ah yes . gita . she be quite lovely . she be suppose to make I a very agreeable wife . Mom and dad choose she rather excellently . but gita 's heart have be steal by my cousin bandhu . bandhu be as dishonorable as he be attractive . deadpool dopinder , I be start to think I be in this cab for a reason . dopinder because you hail it ? deadpool no , my slender brown friend ... to give you one crucial piece of advice : Love ... be a beautiful thing . when it find you , the whole world smell like daffodil daydream . deadpool 's own heartbreak be palpable . he take another deep , cleanse breath . ( continued ) 3. deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 1 continued : ( 2 ) 1 deadpool ( cont 'd ) so hold onto love tight . go at bandhu hard . get gita back . or else ... the whole world will taste like mama June after hot yoga . dopinder and how do Ms. mama June taste ? deadpool like two hobo make love under a drizzle of limburger - I could go all day like this . Point be , bad . deadpool chuck the bag of corn nut into the back seat and pull out he pistol . he start chambering shell into two magazine . suddenly , he frantically pat himself down , like a Hollywood agent who can not find he phone . deadpool ( cont 'd ) shiiiit . my extra mag ! I usually leave they right by the door so I will trip over they ! someone must have move they ... 2 int . deadpool be lair - day 2 a blind late - 70 's african - american woman in a purple floral dress enter the front door , fall as she trip over a `I * heart * hello kitty ' duffel bag of ammunition , pick it up , and carry it off . 3 int . / ext . taxi cab - morning 3 dopinder shall we turn back ? deadpool no time . not today . ( slide in last bullet ) ten , eleven , twelve ... or bust . ( chamber a shell into each gun , look up ) right here ! the cab screech to a stop on the shoulder of the high freeway in a massive interchange of freeway . dopinder halt the meter and hand deadpool he card . dopinder my card . that 's $ 27.50 . ( continued ) 4. deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 3 continued : 3 deadpool oooo . I never carry a wallet when I be work . ruin the line of my suit . how ' bout a crisp high five ? dopinder stare as he and deadpool slap skin . deadpool get out of the cab . dopinder be sure to ... ask for I again ? deadpool I owe you one . merry Christmas , dopinder . dopinder and a convivial ... Tuesday in April to you , Pool ... guy . deadpool close the door with a flourish . boom . 4 ext. / int . ` the raft ' prison - morning 4 a bone - white island prison , affectionately nickname ` the raft , ' loom ominously in a CITY harbor . etched in helvetica into the prison wall : ` no punishment have ever possess enough power of deterrence to prevent the commission of crime . ' - Hannah arendt . below it , graffitied in red spray paint : ` until now ' the prison 's front door OPEN , and out step a handcuff prisoner , 30' , orange jumpsuit , broad shoulder , whip -smart , tightly coiled , with cool , dead - blue eye . burly guard guide he across a causeway toward a convoy of escalade and ducatis on shore . the middle escalade 's door open . the prisoner stop . the guard unlock he cuff . guard you be someone else 's problem now . the ex-prisoner stretch he arm and stride toward the convoy . prisoner yes . i. be . cue salt &amp ; pepa' `shoop : ' 5 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 5 ext . freeway overpass - day 5 deadpool sit on the edge of the high freeway on the overpass , leg dangle over the side like huck Finn . deadpool can I get some fries with that shake - shake boobie ? if look could kill you would be a uzi . deadpool be use some break crayon to draw something on a scrap of paper . reverse angle to reveal a childish draw of deadpool shoot another man in the head , brain blow out . the victim 's think bubble read : `ouchie !!!' even through the mask , deadpool look pleased by this . he turn to camera : deadpool ( cont 'd ) oh , hello , deadpool here . you may be wonder whose ball I have to fondle to get my own movie . rhyme with ` polverine . ' couple 'a smooth criminal . ( alt : ) in a word , gorgeous . ( alt : ) surprisingly little hair down there . ( alt : ) it 's a jungle down there . ( alt : ) thick underbrush . ( beat ) anyway , I smell oscar . the suit 's gonna match the carpet . now ... place to be ... face to fix ... bad guy to kill ... angle on a distant bird eye view of the freeway interchange : a interwoven tangle of ramp . 6 ext . remote airfield - morning 6 ajax , 30' , dead - blue eye , broad shoulder , whip -smart , tightly coiled stand at ease on a crack and blister tarmac . behind he , a heavily armed convoy of ducatis and escalade . four large aluminum cargo crate sit beside he . ajax squint into the sun as a bell helicopter thrashes the air above he , kick up dust as it land . ( continued ) 6 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 6 continued : 6 a serbian warlord , mid - 50' , sharply dress , armored briefcase in hand , climb out . he be surround by armed guard . the warlord place the briefcase on the foremost crate . ajax pop the case ... to find stack upon stack of thousand dollar bill . satisfied , he close the briefcase and hand it to one of he man . ajax ( bang crate ) they will not disappoint . warlord they would better not . and next month 's shipment ? ajax there will not be one . demand be high . you be not the only one with a war to win . warlord ( step forward ) that will not do . both set of armed thug shift to ready position . ajax smile calmly , but he free hand dart out and casually lift the warlord into the air by the throat . finger find triggers on both side . ajax there 's be a small ... disruption in we supply chain . we will deliver in full the follow month . say , ten percent off for the inconvenience ? the warlord manage to nod in acquiescence . ajax smile again , lower he gasp to the ground . ajax ( cont 'd ) we appreciate you business . ajax spin and walk purposefully toward the line of wait suv 's . the warlord angrily motion for he man to begin load the crate into the helicopter , which they do . warlord ( sotto voce ) Fucking mutant . ( continued ) 7. deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 6 continued : ( 2 ) 6 behind he the convoy of suv 's and motorcycle pull out , fall into line as they accelerate past the row of derelict aircraft . 7 ext . freeway overpass - day 7 deadpool watch as the convoy approach . he casually get up as if stand up out of a easy chair ... deadpool on you mark , get set , go , let I go , let I shoop ... he pirouettes , and drop a entire level down ... 8 int . escalade - morning 8 through the sunroof of a escalade . smash ! there be four huge bad - asse inside the s.u.v. , two in front , two behind . deadpool land back -middle in a hailstorm of glass . he stun the man to both side with elbow to the face as he raise he arm in greeting . deadpool '' hola ! '' I llamo piscina De La muerte ! ( subtitle , in yellow : ) hello ! my name be the Pool of death . there 's no easy way to say this . I be pregnant , trevor . ( alt : ) any of you see Green lantern ? I neither . boom ! mayhem erupt as the two man in back find themselves share a phone booth with the tasmanian devil : elbow . forearm . knee . cracking . crunching . scream . from behind , the escalade buck and bounce down the road on its suspension , almost cartoon -like . a brutal punch spin deadpool upside - down , and he roll with it , use he feet to break the man 's neck . the other man stomp on he head , then drag he up and smushes deadpool 's face into the seat 's premium trim . deadpool ( cont 'd ) Rich ... corinthian ... leather . deadpool hurl the man through through the tailgate window . the man clutches the tailgate , dragge behind the s.u.v. deadpool stick he head between the two guy in front . ( continued ) 8. deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 8 continued : 8 deadpool ( cont 'd ) scuse , por favor ! the driver slam deadpool 's head into the console repeatedly . deadpool ( cont 'd ) ow . ow. ow. ow. ow . deadpool squirm away and wrestle violently with the guy in the passenger seat . he grab the passenger seat - belt , tie it around the guy 's ankle , and kick he out the passenger side door . the guy 's head and shoulder smack pavement , where he 's dragge mercilessly by he ankle - a modern cowboy whose boot just get stick in he horse 's stirrup . deadpool grab the driver by the hair on the back of he head and bang he forehead into : the horn . honk . honk . the stereo . every time the driver 's forehead smack the face of the stereo , the radio station change : mariachi . dr . drew . monster truck commercial ( 'sunday , sunday , sunday !' ) . one more smack to get we back to mariachi . deadpool look in the rear view mirror to see the man in back crawl up the tailgate . deadpool push in the cadillac 's cigarette lighter . back to the driver . deadpool bash he face into the driver 's side window . thump . thump . thump . we be now outside the escalade , see the driver 's expression take on a ridiculous silly - putty -esque grimace of pain every time it 's mushed into the glass . the man in back scramble forward . the cigarette lighter pop out . deadpool yank the emergency brake . the man in back launch forward and smack the dashboard . deadpool stab the now orange - hot lighter into the man' forehead , burn the coil pattern into he skin . the man scream . deadpool ( cont 'd ) love you work in daredevil . deadpool stuff the lighter into the man 's mouth and clamp he hand over it . ( continued ) 9 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 8 continued : ( 2 ) 8 the man holler in muffle agony . a motorcycle have pull ahead of the escalade and now sit , stop , in its path . the helmete rider open FIRE with a sub -machine gun . deadpool have one hand grasp on the back of the driver 's neck , still mash he face into the window glass , and the other hand still clamp over the second man 's mouth . he plant both feet on the steering wheel and vdrive , ' spin the wheel , send the s.u.v. into ... ...a roll . the escalade go endo , somersaulting wildly . suddenly , the action begins to slow ... the motorcycle rider try to bail out . no luck . the tumble escalade plows right into he and he bike . part scatter off the motorcycle , include its chain . the rider continue to squeeze off round as he go flying . Inside the escalade , deadpool go spin -cycle . the driver fly through the sunroof , tear out its remain glass . blood spatter . the other man spit out the glow cigarette lighter . the guy whose ankle be still tangle in the seat - belt flail through the air like a rag-doll , ahab tie to moby dick . the action continue to slow ... until it freeze . the camera swoops in to deadpool 's face , upside down . he turn he head to camera for the first time , breaking the FOURTH wall , the only thing in the scene that's moving : deadpool ( cont 'd ) shit . do I leave the stove on ? we ramp back up to full speed . the s.u.v. cartwheel . the guy 's ankle untangle from the seat-belt . he fly high toward a big highway exit sign and ... splat ... out of frame . the rider 's neck be slice by the fly motorcycle chain . the driver be half - way out the sunroof when the s.u.v. roll over he . squish . the man who eat the cigarette lighter now eat pavement . vx8 ext . x-mansion - day vx8 a sign read ` professor xavier' school for gift youngster . ( continued ) 10 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 vx8 continued : vx8 reporter ( o.s. ) break news . a multicar collision turn shot fire on the crosstown expressway ... the sign sit on the perfectly manicure front lawn of the gorgeous gothic x-mansion . vx8 int . kitchen - continuous vx8 the X - Men 's colossus . a good - nature giant with chrome metal for skin . big as a barn . other -worldly strong . he be sit in the kitchen , eat a bowl of grape nut and finish a sudoku , he attention suddenly draw to a television screen : reporter the assailant appear to be wear a ... colossus reporter ( cont 'd ) Red suit ? Red suit . with a audible crack , the pencil in colossus ' thick finger snap . he rise , mutter Russian curse and stalk from the kitchen . vc8 int . hangar - moment later vc8 massive steel blast door emblazon with a huge " X " slide open to reveal colossus . he walk quickly and purposefully towards a big plane in the center of the huge space : the blackbird , the X - Men 's modify xr - 71 jet transport . struggle to keep up with the giant 's long stride be a supernaturally cute , supernaturally deadpan 15 - year -old girl , in a x-men outfit . negasonic teenage warhead . colossus I have give deadpool every chance to join we . and what be my reward ? more immaturity and criminality ! when will he finally grow up and see benefit of become X - man ? ntw like ... the house that blow up every few year ? the fashion - forward jump-suit ? I need to get myself kick out of X - School . colossus but I think you be at top of class . ( continued ) 11 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 vc8 continued : vc8 ntw be that sarcasm ? awesome . colossus you eat breakfast , yes ? Breakfast be most important meal of day . ( hand ntw a protein bar ) here . protein bar , good for bone . deadpool may try to break yours . ntw shove the bar in a pocket of she coat without break stride . 9 ext . freeway overpass - morning 9 the s.u.v. slide to a halt on its side , passenger window up . the rest of the convoy be force to stop behind . a bunch of men pile out , each one carry a beastly gun and pointing it straight at the disabled s.u.v. the last noise be make by one final dislodge hubcap , which rattles in little circle until it lie flat on the freeway . two silent beat . then we hear the soft , electric buzz of the escalade 's middle passenger window rolling down . up pop the head of deadpool , like the gopher in caddyshack . bang bang bang bang . deadpool wait , wait ... the head drop , the hand come up . bang . deadpool ( cont 'd ) wait ! you be probably wonder . why the red suit ? it 's so bad guy can not see I bleed . this guy have the idea . he wear the brown pants . ( to camera ) all together now ... the thug immediately OPEN FIRE . deadpool be already leaping upward , flipping backwards , bullet tear the air beneath he as he pull out that two massive .50 cal pistol ... and in slo - mo , return FIRE . deadpool keep count of every bullet he fire : deadpool ( cont 'd ) twelve ..! ( continued ) 12 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 9 continued : 9 a shell-casing be ejected . we enter extreme slo -mo and swoop in on the shell as it tumble through the air ... ... revealing the number ` 00012 ' etched in a semi-circle on its butt end . deadpool fire the second pistol . we move instantly to the second shell : ` 00011 ' deadpool ( cont 'd ) eleven ... full speed . the first two thug get a mouthful of bullet . deadpool ( cont 'd ) ten ... another shot . a thug take one in the heart . the other thug pour lead into the disabled s.u.v. deadpool leap up and out of the window , rise above the income shot , then landing safely behind the escalade . deadpool turn to spy a motorcycle rider bear down on he . this rider wear a distinctive silver helmet . deadpool raise both pistol . this rider leans away , dodging each slug . first leave , then right , then leave . deadpool ( cont 'd ) nine . shit! eight. fuck ! Seven . shit - fuck ! the bike whizhes past safely , fire bullet , deadpool follow , leaping high , flipping over the s.u.v . he land smoothly the other side , right behind a thug who 's look in the other direction as he sneak around the car . deadpool shrug and shoot he in the back of the head at point blank range . deadpool ( cont 'd ) six . the shell tumble to the ground , fall still . ` 00006 ' deadpool open the escalade . his target be not there . bang -bang-bang-bang-bang . deadpool be nearly bring down by a particularly big thug with a particularly big AK - 47 . he dive behind another escalade , take a moment to search the interior through the window ... and then flinch as AK - 47 bullet pass through the skin of the s.u.v. around he . ( continued ) 13 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 9 continued : ( 2 ) 9 one of the bullet land in deadpool bicep . deadpool yelp , in pain ... then stuff some of he tear red suit fabric into the hole to staunch the bleed . then he scramble around the s.u.v. , try to close the distance to this guy through a withering barrage of fire . another of the AK 's slug slice a swath out of the mask on deadpool 's head , singing he hair . deadpool . fuck . you . deadpool land in front of the thug . the thug pull he trigger again , only to - click - realize he 's out of bullet . deadpool someone 's not count . cinco . the bullet hit the thug in the throat . ` 00005 ' deadpool ( cont 'd ) I gusta cinco . deadpool stride past the fall thug , paw at he singe hair - ow - and then out of sheer , pump - up anger ... ... turn and pump two more superfluous bullet into he . deadpool ( cont 'd ) four. three. stupid . Worth it . the silver-helmeted motorcycle rider make another pass , firing . deadpool duck behind the s.u.v. again . 20 yard away , a group of thug take cover behind the final s.u.v . one pull out a hand - grenade , raise he arm to throw . deadpool ( cont 'd ) ( chuckle ) number two ... deadpool fire , shoot the grenade in the thug 's fist . boom ! the whole cluster of thug drop . deadpool emerge from behind the s.u.v. , feel victorious . he approach the final s.u.v. and throw open the door to search , expect to find he target at last . Inside be a rumple orange prison coverall , but not the prisoner . deadpool get childishly angry . ( continued ) 14 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 9 continued : ( 3 ) 9 deadpool ( cont 'd ) what the shit-biscuit ! where you at , Francis ? worse , click -clack . the distinctive cocking of shotguns . 3 final thug stand on the freeway , line up perpendicular to deadpool , shoulder-to-shoulder , firing benelli combat shotguns . bam ! bam ! bam ! deadpool duck behind the s.u.v. and raise a pistol . we zoom in through the chamber to spy the last bullet , poised in front of the firing pin : ` 00001 ' deadpool think , then leap from behind the ` sclade , twist forward and right . all 3 thug FIRE again . buckshot rip into deadpool 's back . but he land so that all 3 man be now parallel to he ... ... in a single -file line . deadpool ( cont 'd ) one . boom ! we be with the final bullet as it hurtle from the gun and pass through the first man 's head ... then the second man 's head ... and smack the third man in the forehead . this third man , the biggest thug yet , hit the deck . deadpool put he mouth to he pistol barrel , inhales ... and then exhales smoke through the pore of he mask . deadpool ( cont 'd ) I be touch myself tonight . but then , as if by magic , the third thug stir ... and stand . the slug have lodged partway in he forehead , have lose just enough momentum that it do not make it all the way through . the thug sneer , pluck out the slug , wipe away some blood , and roll up he sleeve . deadpool ( cont 'd ) really ? Rolling up the sleeve ? deadpool reach back . we hear the thrilling SOUND ... ( continued ) 15 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 9 continued : ( 4 ) 9 ...of steel blade be drawn . out come deadpool 's trademark katanas . the thug 's eye widen as ... ... swoosh ... the blade swing through the air and skewer he , between two different rib and out the back . deadpool ( v.o . ) I know what you be think ... the action slow again to a freeze . deadpool be in mid - slice , muscle bulg . deadpool ( v.o . ) I will bet he work out . so what if I be pull the double shift at the ab - factory ? what if I do want my man menu to feature the shred beef ? call it insecurity . but I have not touch a carb since ... 10 int . foyer , townhouse - night - past 10 title : 6 year ago a sleazy , mid-thirty man , gavin merchant , deck out in dragon print v-neck and studd jeans , be mid - argument with a late teen , pimply - face pizza delivery guy , whose name - tag read : jeremy . merchant will it help if I slow down ? I do not . order . the pizza . jeremy this 7348 Red ledge drive ? ( off nod ) and you be ... Mr. merchant ? merchant the Mr. merchant who do not . order . the. Fucking . pie. jeremy then who place the call ? a toilet flush in another room , and both man turn . WADE ( o.s. ) I do . ( continued ) 16 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 10 continued : 10 the voice come from over merchant 's shoulder . WADE wilson ( the future deadpool , minus the scar and suit ) , handsome , boyish , cheerily step from through a doorway and into the live room wiping he hand on a towel . merchant stare , incredulous . WADE ( cont 'd ) pineapple and olive ? Jeremy nods . WADE ( cont 'd ) sweet and salty . merchant the fuck be you ? and what be you do in my crib ?! without even turn toward merchant , Wade pull out a .50 caliber desert eagle pistol and nonchalantly aim it at he . merchant and Jeremy both go pale . WADE ( to Jeremy ) burnt crust ? jeremy God I hope not . ( open the box , wince ) word can not express - WADE relax , son , that 's how I like it ! once you go black , you never go back ! ( take pizza ) merchant ( stammer ) this be about the poker game , right ? I tell howie ... listen , take whatever you want ! merchant fumble with he wallet and start to hand Wade the bill inside . Wade take the entire wallet instead . WADE thanks ! jeremy ( to Wade ) uh. Sir ? before you do anything to he . could I have a big tip ? ( continued ) 17 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 10 continued : ( 2 ) 10 WADE ( already munch ) Jeremy , be it ? jeremy yeah . WADE Wade Wilson . ( quick fist bump ) Jeremy , that 's a no go on the tiperoo . I be not here for he . ( level gun at Jeremy ) I be here for you . Jeremy 's eye widen . Wade hold up a yellow card , feature a embed SIM . below the logo of a cypress tree be the name of Wade 's intend target : `garrett , jeremy . ' merchant breathes a sigh of relief . merchant dodge a big time bullet on that o- Wade pistol - punch / poke merchant in the forehead . merchant howl . WADE ( be : studd jeans ) not out of the wood yet . you need to seriously ease up on the bedazzle . they be jeans , not a chandelier . ( sniff ) and the axe body spray . jeremy ( sheepish ) that 's unfortunately I . WADE ps , I be keep you wallet . ya do kinda give it to I ... merchant can I at least have my Sam 's Club card baaa - Wade point the pistol at merchant again , send he backpedal into a chair . WADE I will shoot you fuck cat . ( continued ) 18. deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 10 continued : ( 3 ) 10 merchant I do not have a cat ! WADE then whose kitty - litter do I just shit in ? ( turn to Jeremy ) anyhoo , you by chance know a meghan orlovsky ? get that right ? orlovsky ? orloskvy ? do you ? Jeremy manage a timid little nod . WADE ( cont 'd ) good . ` Cause she know you . Wade holster the pistol and whip out a hunting knife . he twirl it adeptly ... but instead of hold it to Jeremy 's neck ... cut himself a slice of pizza . WADE ( cont 'd ) what situation be not improve by pizza ? Wade shovel half the slice into he mouth , revealing a Army special force tattoo on he forearm : a skull wearing a GREEN beret , backed by a blade , and the word `de oppresso liber ' ( official motto of the U.S. Army special force ) . WADE ( cont 'd ) ( through chew ) Jeremy , I belong to a group of guy who take a dime to beat a fella down . ( cut another pizza slice ) Little meghan 's not make of money , but lucky she , I have get a soft spot . Wade bring the next pizza slice over to merchant . Wade nearly hand it to he but let go too soon . the slice fall flat - pineapple down - onto the floor at merchant 's foot . jeremy b- but I be - WADE ( return to Jeremy ) a stalker . threat hurt , jer. though not nearly as bad as serrate steel . Wade poke the end of he knife into Jeremy 's chest , pin he against the wall . WADE ( cont 'd ) so keep away from meghan . we cool ? ( continued ) 19 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 10 continued : ( 4 ) 10 jeremy y-yeah . a beat . in a huge anti - climax , Wade deftly twirl he knife away from Jeremy 's chest , spin it on he finger , and jam it back into its sleeve . WADE then we be do . jeremy w-we be ? WADE Soft spot , remember ? but even look in she general direction again ? you will learn in the worst of way . ( pat Jeremy 's cheek ) I have get some hard spot too . ( pause ) that come out wrong . or do it ? 11 ext . skate park - night - past 11 skate punk carve on ramp build into the side of a highway underpass . a group of teen girl be perch at the bottom of the nearby stair , texting each other from inch away . a old - fashioned ghetto blaster bang `shoop . ' salt &amp ; pepa I love you in you big jeans . girl ( join chorus ) you give I nice dream . you make I wanna scream ... boom . a pizza BOX land at they foot . on top of it land a polaroid picture . WADE ( o.s. ) " oooo , oooo , oooo ! " a frizzy -haired emo girl pick up the Polaroid ... of a terrify jeremy hold another pizza box that have be cut into a heart , the word `I be sorry ' scrawle onto it , a pee - stain on he jeans , and a laugh WADE photo-bombing with the knife to he neck . she look up to see : Wade bob to the music . WADE ( cont 'd ) you have see the last of Jeremy . ( continued ) 20 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 11 continued : 11 the girl - meghan orlovsky - leap up and hug Wade tight . WADE ( cont 'd ) that 's why we do it . girl # 2 hey , think you could fuck up my step -dad ? girl # 3 how `bout vice principal renwiki ? WADE ( suddenly serious ) what would he do to you ? girl # 3 suspend I for smoking . WADE ( turn to go ) good for he ! sorry , lady . I no dig cig . and I may look mean . but if I give a guy a pavement facial ? he earn it . Wade give meghan a smile , turn to leave . meghan hey . thanks . you be my hero . the word catch Wade like a punch to the gut . hero ? WADE that I be not . Wade do not turn back , walk through the swoop skater . a12 ext . sister margaret be - night - past a12 a grimy sign on a grimier brick building read : ` sister margaret' school for wayward girl . ' 12 int . sister margaret be - night - past 12 Inside , society 's dreg . Chief among they , boothe : a huge , menace hipster with a boy scout cap and massive handlebar moustache . he 's get some dude 's finger splay out on the bar , jabbing a knife point between they as fast as he can . WADE shimmy past , backslap boothe : WADE boothe ! ( continued ) 21 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 12 continued : 12 boothe ( turn , smile ) heya , Wade ! we hear a stab and a scream . Wade wince as he continue on to the bar , claim a stool and wave over the lone bartender - weasel , early 20' , geeky , glass . think Tom Cruise in ` cocktail . ' then think the opposite . weasel Wade Wilson , patron Saint of the pitiful . what can I get you ? WADE I would love a blow - job . weasel we get that in common . WADE the drink , moose - knuckle . but first ... Wade dig in a pocket , slap the yellow ` hit ' card , the one with the cypress tree , on the bar . weasel go to the register . scan the card . peel off three one hundre dollar bill . lay they out like a bank teller . Wade push the money away ... WADE ( cont 'd ) I be not take allowance money . make sure it get back to Ms. osflorsky ? onroflensky ? olly - olly - oxen -free ? weasel orlofsky . for a merc , you sure be warm - blooded . Bet you let the boy off easy - peasy , too . WADE ( embarrassed ) he 's not a bad kid , weas . just a little light stalking . I be way worse at he age - travel to far- off place - Baghdad , Mogadishu , jacksonville - ( shudder ) - meeting new and exciting people - ( continued ) 22. deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 12 continued : ( 2 ) 12 weasel and kill they . I have see you instagram . what be special force do in jacksonville , anyway ? WADE classify . ( whisper ) they have a wonderful tgifridays . that guy know they way around a load potato skin . the point be , I be try to put that day in my rear-view . weasel put the finish touch on the drink , push it across the bar to Wade . weasel kahlua , Bailey 's , whip cream . fellatio in a glass . a burst of laughter turn Wade 's attention to buck , a bad - ass in a snakeskin jacket , have a crowd gather round he , mid - story . he too be hold a yellow card with SIM and cypress tree . buck so he 's stare at my Glock in he mouth , like ... ( mouth full ) ` I think you guy have a code ! ' and I be like , ` yeah , no kid . no woman . almost fool by you tit . but the moustache ?! the crowd crack up . Wade pull out gavin merchant 's wallet and tease out a twenty . he grab a pass waitress , tuck the bill in she shirt pocket and set the blowjob on she tray . WADE Kelly , you mind take this over to Buck ? tell he it 's from boothe . ( whisper , to weasel ) Little foreplay . weasel follow Wade 's gaze to the end of the bar , where a chuckle boothe wrap a bandage around the guy 's bloody hand . weasel remind I what good come of this ? ( continued ) 23. deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 12 continued : ( 3 ) 12 WADE I do not take the shit . I just disturb they . weasel allow himself a tiny conspiratorial smile . smash CUT to : 13 int . sister margaret be - night 13 WADE , in medium shot , tearing up at the famous Steven seagal bar fight from `out for justice ' on t.v. as ... smack ... bam ... a real bar fight go on - out of focus - behind he . WADE ( trailer voice ) it 's a dirty job ... but someone 's gotta take out the garbage . Wade finally turn around to watch . buck finish off boothe ... then pour the blow - job on top of he . weasel grab a hand mirror , hop over the bar , and cross to boothe . all the patron fall hush as weasel hold the mirror to boothe 's mouth . boothe 's breath fog it up . weasel still kick . the place `ooooooh . ' near miss . weasel return to he place behind the bar , look disappointed . WADE lemme guess . ya get boothe in sister Margaret 's dead pool . weasel um. see . about that - WADE you do not bet on I to die . ( look up at board , incredulous ) you bet on I to die . Wade lean back and look up at a enormous chalkboard hang above the bar : ` sister Margaret 's dead pool . ' below , a long list of name . dollar amount to the right of the name . more name to the right of the dollar . indeed , ` weasel ' have choose ` WADE . ' Wade look betrayed . ( continued ) 24 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 13 continued : 13 WADE ( cont 'd ) weasel , you be the world 's worst friend . joke 's on you . I be live to 102 . like that old quaker biddy on the today show . and retire on my winning . weasel wait , who do you pick ? weasel look up a the board , where ` WADE ' have claim : ` bieber , J. ' WADE the bieb . but I be probably wrong . nothing bad ever happen to teen star who make 80 mile a year and think they be immune to the pitfall of addiction and consequence . he will be fine . ( raise shot , yell ) drink on I , soldier of fortune ! mercenary hooah ! vanessa whoa , whoa ... Wade turn to see a woman on he other side : vanessa . brunette . Silver - blue eye . tank . tiny jean-short . vanessa ( cont 'd ) sure you wanna shoot you whole wad ? Wade look vanessa all the way up and down ... then hold up he pinkie . WADE tight . vanessa raise she own pinkie . shake like a pinkie swear . vanessa vanessa . WADE what 's a nice place like you do in a girl like this ? buck ( o.s. ) it be not what she 's do , it 's who . buck walk past and slap vanessa on the caboose . ( continued ) 25 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 13 continued : ( 2 ) 13 buck ( cont 'd ) I would hit that shit . Wade push back he stool , stand menacingly . WADE Buck , you would best apologize , before - but vanessa do not wait for Wade 's chivalry . she blow right by he and grab a fistful of Buck 's crotch . Buck gasp . WADE ( cont 'd ) yeah , that . vanessa ( to Buck ) say the magic word , fat gandalf . buck I be sorry ! I have no filter between my brain and mouth . I be work on it . Wade take vanessa 's shoulder . WADE ok , he apologize ... hakuna he tatas ... vanessa let Buck go , turn on Wade . vanessa ( let 's go ) and you - ( shake Wade off ) hand off the merchandise . WADE merchandise ? so , what , you , uh , bump fuzzy for money ? vanessa yup . WADE Rough childhood ? vanessa rougher than yours . daddy leave before I be bear . WADE daddy leave before I be conceive . ( continued ) 26 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 13 continued : ( 3 ) 13 vanessa ever have a cigarette put out on you skin ? WADE I do not know there be any other place to put one out . vanessa I be molest . WADE I too . uncle . vanessa uncle . they take turn . WADE I watch my own birthday party from the keyhole of a lock closet , which be also my - vanessa bedroom ? lucky . I sleep in a dishwasher box . WADE so you have a dishwasher . I do not know sleep . it be pretty much 24 - 7 of ball gag , brownie mix , and fun-house mirror . vanessa who would do such a thing ? WADE hopefully you . later tonight . ( beat ) and my uncle Kevin . Wade empties the rest of gavin 's wallet : WADE ( cont 'd ) what can I get for two- hundred - seventy three buck ... and a yogurtland reward card ? vanessa shove the bill into she halter : vanessa about forty - eight minute of whatever you want ... ( peer at card ) and a low - fat dessert . ( continued ) 27 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 13 continued : ( 4 ) 13 Wade grin at she like a kid on Christmas morning . 14 int . arcade - night - past 14 a two - shot of WADE and vanessa stare at each other , in profile . Wade look really excited . WADE time to put ball ... in hole . reverse angle to reveal two skeeball machine in the arcade . Wade insert token , and ball clunk down . vanessa look half amused , half weird out . WADE ( cont 'd ) you say whatever I want . vanessa I get it . you love skeeball . apparently more than you love vagina . WADE tough call . just try to get to know the real you ... not the plunging - neckline , short - short , two -dimensional sex object peddle by Hollywood . Wade slowly turn to camera . reverse angle to he p.o.v.: a ten -year- old boy stop in he track , he gaze move from vanessa 's plunging neckline to she short short . boy Nice tit ! vanessa thank you , son . ( tousle boy 's hair ) you know how to make a woman feel special . vanessa reach down , grab two ball , hand one to Wade . vanessa ( cont 'd ) ball in hole . WADE prepare to lose tragically . vanessa bring it , big man . ( continued ) 28 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 14 continued : 14 Wade smile slyly , size up the ramp , rear back and overhand the first ball ... right into the 50,000 cup . vanessa ( cont 'd ) ruh-roh . 15 int . arcade prize counter - later - past 15 a beam WADE belly up to the prize counter and lay a massive armful of pink ticket on top . WADE the limited edition voltron : defender of the Universe ring , por favor . teen you be roughly three hundred thousand ticket short . ( beat ) it 's nickel - silver - plate . WADE ( disappointed ) then I guess the tire - grade rubber voltron keychain . vanessa place a measly ten ticket of she own next to they . vanessa and the ... pencil eraser . the weary teen behind the counter hand Wade the low-rent voltron keychain , and vanessa the eraser . teen ( read keychain package copy , bow ) you be now the swear protector of the gentle people of the planet arus ... ( be : eraser , positive spin : ) and you ... you can ... erase stuff ... write in pencil . Wade extend he arm chivalrously : WADE m'lady ? vanessa unfortunately , my anus-love friend , you forty - eight minute be up . ( continued ) 29 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 15 continued : 15 WADE arus . and you be more evil than evil King Zarkon himself . Wade rub he keychain wistfully , then offer it up . WADE ( cont 'd ) how many more minute for this ? ( hard sell ) fyi . five mini lion - bot come together to make up the super - bot . vanessa ( faux - excited ) five mini lion -bot ?! ( matter -of - fact ) Three minute . WADE ( give keychain up ) that 's all I will need ! alt : WADE what do we do with the remain two minute thirty seven second ? vanessa cuddle ? vanessa smile and take Wade 's arm . they walk out of the arcade affectionately ... ...to the sound of tireless , athletic sex . 16 ext . / int . wade's apartment - night - past 16 vanessa ( o.s. ) how long can you keep this up ? duct tape fail to cover a big multi-fissured crack in the window of Wade 's crappy apartment . Inside , WADE have vanessa up against the wall decorate with christmas light that have overstaye they welcome and a calendar . they be go at it like rabbit . WADE ( raise eyebrow ) all year ? ( continued ) 30 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 16 continued : 16 dolly parton 's `here you come again ' kick in , and we ... dissolve into : 17 int . wade's apartment - day 17 a montage of image : fun , irreverent sex around the calendar between WADE and vanessa , identify by various holiday . valentine's day sex . WADE fall back onto a bed cover in rise petal with vanessa on top of he . she have draw a heart on he chest in red lipstick . they go at it hard ... then pause for a romantic look and kiss . vanessa happy Valentine 's Day ... then immediately go back to hard pound . CUT to : a medium shot of the top half of vanessa . she be on hand and knee , rock back and forth . WADE lean into frame from behind . WADE happy chinese New Year 's ... vanessa ( smile ) Year of the dog. they go at it even harder . smash CUT to : the same exact lock - off medium shot , only WADE be now on hand and knee . his expression betray great stress . vanessa lean into frame from behind . vanessa ( cont 'd ) relax ... happy International women' Day ... Wade gird himself , then let out a surprised , whimpery yelp as some pioneer object journey into he virgin land . CUT to : WADE in bed , leg wrap around vanessa 's neck , be orally pleasure . ( continued ) 31 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 17 continued : 17 WADE happy fourth of July ! we see firework through the skylight above . CUT to : WADE sit in a arm -chair , fully dress , read glass on , puruse a book . vanessa be read in a chair opposite , also wear read glass . vanessa happy yom kippur ... ( alt : ) happy Cesar Chavez Day ... ( alt : ) happy lent ... ( alt : ) happy lyme Disease awareness Day ... ( alt : ) happy Wednesday ... CUT to : vanessa in bed where Wade last be . now she leg be wrap around he neck , and he 's pleasure she . WADE ( muffle ) happy Halloween ... vanessa oo ... ow ... WADE ( muffle ) sorry . ( take out vampire tooth ) happy Halloween ... Wade go back to work . CUT to : WADE and vanessa bang it out one last time , missionary style . vanessa happy Thanksgiving . ( alt : ) happy Wednesday . ( continued ) 32 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 17 continued : ( 2 ) 17 cut wide to reveal that they be on top of the kitchen table during thanksgive dinner . wine spill , cranberry sauce topple , mashed potato launch . alt : breakfast food instead . nothing take away from the joy of the moment . 18 int . wade's apartment - night - past 18 a christmas wreath hang on Wade 's wall . WADE ( o.s. ) if you leave leg be Thanksgiving , and you right leg be Christmas ... WADE strike a pose , hand on hip , wear a awful , awful christmas sweater . and no pant . vanessa sit against the bed 's headboard , sheet pull over she , up to she chin . she quickly lower the sheet . revealing a appalling christmas sweater of she own . WADE ( cont 'd ) ...can I visit you between the holiday ? vanessa y'know , red 's you color . bring out the bloodshot in you eye . Christmas gift ! catch ! vanessa toss something to Wade . it land in he hand . WADE Holy fuck shit . it 's the nickel - silver - plate voltron ring , all three hundred thousand ticket worth . vanessa Limited edition . I have to give the kid behind the counter a rub and tug . I be kid . I be not kid . I be kid . it be nearly five full month of skeeball . WADE ( beam ) y'know , I have be do some think ... vanessa really . ( continued ) 33. deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 18 continued : 18 WADE ... about why we be so good together . vanessa why 's that ? WADE you crazy match my crazy . we be like two jigsaw piece ... weird curvy edge ... but fit we together , you can see the picture on top . Wade plant a kiss on vanessa . she sit up on she knee . vanessa hey , I have be meaning to ask you , only `cause you have not get around to ask I - ( pregnant pause ) Wade , will you - vanessa ( cont 'd ) WADE stick it in my -? marry I ? vanessa uhh ... jinx ? Wade reach back and pull out a engagement-re -like BOX . vanessa can barely contain she excitement . vanessa ( cont 'd ) you be not wear pants . where exactly be you hide that ? a vulnerable Wade hand she the box and stand there with the look of ... ` open it . open it !' WADE they say one month 's salary . vanessa open the box ... to reveal a candy ring . WADE ( cont 'd ) slow month . I have be wait for this day like boss hogg wait to get to the crazy cheesy crust ... vanessa you mean - ? WADE I do . ( continued ) 34 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 18 continued : ( 2 ) 18 vanessa that 's my line . I love you , Wade Wilson . WADE think you charge extra for that . vanessa I do . at my old job . WADE so that 's a-? vanessa stare . swallow . pull he back into bed and whisper one silent word into he ear ( ' yes ' ) . Wade jump up and dance around the room all goofy , pop , lock , &amp ; robot . vanessa easy . I can take it back . Wade dive back into bed , spoons with vanessa , wrapping she in he arm , touch he cheek to hers . WADE what if I never let go ? vanessa just ride a bitch 's back , like yoda on luke ? WADE ( content sigh ) ` Star Wars ' joke ?! vanessa ( correct ) ` Empire . ' WADE it 's like I make you in a computer . Wade swoon , reach , grab a polaroid camera off he night - stand , and hold it at arm 's length . WADE ( cont 'd ) ( yoda voice ) cheese , say ! the flash pop . for this one moment , he life be ... WADE ( cont 'd ) perfect . Wade hand vanessa the photo . then ... ( continued ) 35 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 18 continued : ( 3 ) 18 WADE ( cont 'd ) wee break . ... bounce up to go to the bathroom . vanessa gaze at the photo , which be already fading in . Wade notice . WADE ( cont 'd ) shake it like a- uh. you get it . deadpool ( v.o. ) here 's the thing . life be a endless series of train - wreck with only brief , commercial - like break of happiness . this have be the ultimate commercial break . which mean it be time to return ... Wade peel off he Christmas sweater ... and step confidently back toward the bed . but before he get there ... deadpool ( v.o. ) ...to we regularly schedule program . ... he pass out , face - planting onto the floor . 19 int . oncology ward - day - past 19 WADE be sit in a doctor 's office , vanessa by he side , opposite a solemn oncologist . every image suggest bad news : a complex look mri image of the circulatory system on a backlit viewing table . sweat stain under Wade 's arm . vanessa gripping he hand . the look on the doctor 's face . WADE you be clowning . you be not clowning ? I sense clown . doctor people react to news of late-stage cancer differently . Wade and vanessa turn and share a devastate but loving look . vanessa ( to doctor , spring into action ) so what do we do ? surely there 's something ... we can ... do . I mean , my uncle , he be diagnose with thyroid cancer , and there be this new experimental drug that - ( continued ) 36 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 19 continued : 19 the volume of vanessa 's voice fade until we can see she talk but no longer hear the word : deadpool ( v.o. ) see , people do react differently . vanessa 's already work on plan A. B. all the way to Z. I ? I be memorize the detail of she face . like it 's the first time I be see it . or the last . doctor ( o.s. ) Mr. Wilson ? deadpool ( v.o. ) believe it or not , this be only the ninth shittiest thing that 's ever happen to I . doctor ( o.s. ) Mr. Wilson ? deadpool ( v.o. ) stick around . number 6 be come right up . doctor take you time to process this . 20 ext . freeway - day 20 deadpool have ajax pinned to the freeway rail . deadpool you know how many people I have kill to find you ? ajax actually , I do . deadpool so you be aware I have be wait a long , long time for this . and now I be finally gonna ... ( alt : ) so you be aware of the category 5 fuck - storm that 's come . ( alt : ) then you know what 's come . I be about to do to you what sugar Ray do to the mid-ninety . a massive shadow pass over ajax and deadpool , accompany by loud metallic footstep . ajax look up , a bit awed . ( continued ) 37 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 20 continued : 20 deadpool sense something , reach back with one hand , feel ... ... what turn out to be colossus 's metallic crotch . deadpool ( cont 'd ) dad ? colossus grab deadpool 's wrist , chuck he through the AIR , ass over teakettle . 21 int . wade's apartment - night - later - past 21 a close - up of a deadpool action figure from `x - Men origins . ' mouth sewn shut . blade implant into wrist . in the exact same pose we just see the real deadpool . sitting in a nightstand drawer in Wade 's apartment . WADE ( o.s. ) this be my most prize possession . Wade look like he 's reach into the drawer for the action figure , but instead , reach just under it to grasp wham ! 's ` make it Big ' album on vinyl . he pull out the album . vanessa wham ? WADE wham ! ( cradle album lovingly ) ` make it Big ' be the album George and Andy earn they exclamation point . Wade place the album carefully into one of two OPEN suitcase on the floor next to he . he be currently go through he possession , tossing out the crap and place the good stuff into the suitcase . Wade pull out the action figure . WADE ( cont 'd ) but this . a little piece of I die the day this come out ... Wade dunk the action figure in the trash can . vanessa stand opposite , arm cross , fuming . vanessa so I be s'pose to just ... smile and wave you out the door ? ( continued ) 38 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 21 continued : 21 WADE think of it as a spring clean . only if spring be death . ( pull out bernadette peter change purse ) if I have a nickel for every time I spanke it to bernadette Peters . ( open purse , it 's full of nickel ) look like I do . Wade toss the purse toward one of the suitcase . vanessa 's hand stab out and grab it . vanessa bernadette 's not go anywhere . ( slam - dunk purse back into drawer ) ` Cause you be not go anywhere . WADE right ! the tumor be only in my liver , lung , prostate , and brain . all the thing you can live without . vanessa you know what I mean . you belong here at home . surrounded by you voltron ... and you bernadette ... and you I . WADE Babe , we have be through this ! Cancer 's a real shit -show . a yakov-smirnoff - open - for-the-spin-doctors - at-the-Iowa - State - Fair shit-show . and under no circumstance will I take you to that show . I want you to remember I I . vanessa well , I want to remember we we . ( that do not sound right ) we we ? WADE I swear , I will find you in the next life . and boom - box ` careless whisper ' under you window . wham ! vanessa be you gonna keep say it like that ? look , I get this impulse . I do . ( more ) ( continued ) 39 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 21 continued : ( 2 ) 21 vanessa ( cont 'd ) before I meet you , I use to fantasize about die alone in the wood , tear apart by wolf . WADE Super fuck bad -ass . vanessa but that be then , and this be now . walk out that door . I dare you . I will ride you out . and I will not let go . yoda on luke . vanessa embrace Wade . tight . wo not let go . a tear trickle down vanessa 's cheek . vanessa ( cont 'd ) ( into Wade 's ear ) if you be willing to fight . there be still option . we will find they . together . WADE ( smile ) I just realize ! I win ! my life 's officially more fuck - up than yours . vanessa no one 's boom - box shit . vanessa interlace she pinkie with Wade 's . smile . vanessa ( cont 'd ) what do we we have to lose ? WADE nothing . everything . vanessa lean in , and the two start to kiss . 22 int . bedroom - night - past 22 vanessa , horizontal , limb akimbo , asleep in bed . she stir , feel next to she for Wade . he 's not there . reveal WADE stand at the bedroom window . his p.o.v. of the moon make it look fractured by the crack glass . rack focus to vanessa 's reflection . she , too , look fracture . Wade 's eye well with tear at the sight of she . Cancer will steal the one thing that ever matter . vanessa 's crack reflection suddenly raise its head . ( continued ) 40 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 22 continued : 22 WADE sorry . liam neeson nightmare . I kidnap he daughter , and he just be not have it . Wade slide back into bed . WADE ( cont 'd ) they have make three of that movie . at some point you wonder if he 's just a bad parent . Wade lie on he back . vanessa nestle she head lovingly against he chest . he take a vulnerable look at she , then stare at the ceiling , lost . rs22 int . apartment - night rs22 Wade slip quietly out of bed ... ... slip on a hoodie and a backpack ... ...open the door ... take one last long look at vanessa ... ... and slip into the hallway , close the door behind he . vanessa be leave to feel for Wade in the dark . a22 ext . STREET - night a22 WADE walk down the street into the night . he pull a crumpled card from he jacket pocket : the black card with the recruiter 's number . still walk , Wade pull out a cellphone and dial . 23 int . sister margaret be - night - past 23 just another night at sister margaret' wayward school for girl . regular crowd have shuffle in . tonight , a bit thin . WADE be belly up to the bar , dishevel , unkempt , and distraught . weasel lean in : weasel Jesus . someone need a blow - job and a shower . though courtesy call for the latter first . ( continued ) 41 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 23 continued : 23 WADE Three shot of patron Silver , weez . and a cure to terminal cancer . weasel ( hand over a green concoction ) Fresh out of patron . wheatgrass ? WADE you be start to sound like vanessa ... with shaky hand , Wade empty he pocket , place crumpled brochure on the bar . WADE ( cont 'd ) she send away for all this colorful clinic brochure . I hear Chechnya 's nice this time of ... never . then there 's China ... Central Mexico ... know how they say ` Cancer ' in Spanish ? '' El cncer . ' Wade pull out one last thing from he pocket : a polaroid of himself and vanessa . he stare . weasel notice . weasel this belong on the wall . I want to remember you when you look ... alive . Wade scrape up a smile as weasel tape the picture to the big bar mirror . weasel pour a second wheatgrass shot . clink Wade 's glass . they throw they back . wince . weasel ( cont 'd ) almost forget ... weasel slide Wade a distinctive black business card across the bartop . weasel ( cont 'd ) guy come in ask for you . Real grim reaper type . Wade 's gaze follow weasel 's gesture across the barroom , where a ominous man in a black suit sit alone at a table . weasel ( cont 'd ) I do not know ? May further the plot ? CUT to : 42 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 23a int . sister' margaret be - night - past 23a WADE dead - man -walk to the back of the bar . he pass boothe and beef on he way . they nod solemnly , like cop at a funeral procession honore one of they own . beef Wade . beef offer Wade he shot . Wade eek out a smile . throw it back . then continue on . Wade stop next to the man 's table . WADE forget you scythe ? the man , even creepier from close up , smile . recruiter Mr. Wilson . have a seat . ( Wade sit , long pause ) I understand you have recently be diagnose with terminal cancer . WADE stalker alert . recruiter it 's my job . recruitment . and you have quite a reputation . I be sorry you have have a tough go . but you be a fighter . and not just for johnny canuck , impressive as you stint in special force be . forty - one confirm kill ? WADE ( bitter ) one every seven week . same rate most folk get a hair-cut . Wade grab the recruiter 's drink and throw it back . WADE ( cont 'd ) to wash the taste out . it 's hard to forget be so ... impressive . recruiter now you spend you day stick up for the little man , slitting small time throat for small time folk . WADE people change . ( continued ) 43. deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 23a continued : 23a the recruiter lean uncomfortably close . recruiter ( low , conspiratorial ) speak of which ... Mr. Wilson , I represent a organization that may be able to help . what if I tell you we can cure you cancer ? and what 's more , give you ability most man only dream of ? WADE I would say you sound like a infomercial . and not a good infomercial , like slap chop. more shake -weighty . ( jack - off motion ) recruiter the world need extraordinary man . we will not just make you better . we will make you better than better . a super-hero . WADE I already try the hero business . let 's just say it leave a mark . the only chance you will see I again be if I hit `fuck - it .' 24 ext. / int . guadalajaran clinic waiting room - day - past 24 a dilapidated , sketchy medical ` clinic ' haunt the cityscape in guadalajara , mexico . WADE ( v.o. ) for now , I will get through this with the one I love . a sickly - look WADE be on the final stop in he futile quest to find a cure . desperate . among the most desperate . he sit in a pathetic muzak - fill waiting room . wearing a sombrero and clutching vanessa 's hand . her finger be interlace in he , once perfectly manicure nail chew to the quick . vanessa be also wear a sombrero , and anxiety on she face . Wade cough severely , repeatedly into a handkerchief . Wade turn to the sweet elderly couple sit next to he , eke out a smile . the old man play with some worry bead . ( continued ) 44 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 24 continued : 24 WADE ( pull out Spanish - English electronic translator ) De donde ere ? elderly woman boca raton . WADE ah . the fancy part of Mexico . elderly man we have move in with my son . to afford the treatment . Wade look pain to hear this . WADE Cancer ? sorry - '' El cncer ? elderly man stage four . WADE toughest part of the Tour de France . vanessa very hilly . the elderly man gesture to the souvenir patch sewn onto Wade 's `hello kitty ' duffel : chechnya . china . indonesia . elderly man log some frequent flier mile ? WADE ( bone - weary ) final stop on desperation World Tour , 2016 , which I believe be also the name of the Stones ' last concert ... vanessa ` final ' because this be where we find the cure . a mother and she stoic young son sign in with the nurse behind the front desk . the boy have lose all he hair . nurse no cheque de viajero . no peso . Cash . americano . ( continued ) 45 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 24 continued : ( 2 ) 24 Wade grow upset as the mother count out hard - earn cash . the boy reach for a BOX fill with chupachup ( lollipop ) . the nurse scold : nurse ( cont 'd ) chupachup cuestan extra ! WADE ( o.s. ) ( angry ) hey ! the nurse look coldly at Wade . he stare back , eye hard , then get up and lay a crumpled dollar on the counter . WADE ( cont 'd ) ( ice cold ) it 's on I . the nurse blink , then stand , check a chart . nurse seor ... abe Solomon ? abe and he wife get up . the nurse motion for Mrs. Solomon to stay in the wait room . abe ( to Wade and vanessa ) handsome couple . good luck to you two . abe drop he worry bead . Wade bend to retrieve they , then stand with effort and gently hand they to abe . WADE good luck to you , pop . Wade sit back down , and he eye find the little boy : he sunken eye . his missing hair . his lollipop , clutched like the richest treasure . Wade turn to look at vanessa , who 's also stare at the boy . even though vanessa be healthy , she , too , look sick . no makeup . dirty hair . Dark circle under she eye . when she look at Wade , it 's clear she , not he , most need comfort . Wade pull vanessa close and stroke she hair with a tremble hand . abe disappear . Wade watch with a newly dark look of suspicion . 46 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 25 int . operating room - day - past 25 abe lie shirtless on a unsanitary operate table , a tray of rusty surgical knive nearby . a man with a pock -mark face stand over he in a white lab coat with blue-stitch cursive write : ` Dr. delgado . ' doctor Buenos das , seor abe . ` Doctor ' delgado poke and prod with he finger , as if abe 's mid-section be play -doh . doctor ( cont 'd ) voy a llegar dentro de tu cuerpo . abe I be sorry . no hablo espaol , doc . the doctor 's other hand dip below the table , come up drip with something bloody . he kneed at wrinkle skin smear the chicken blood across abe 's flesh . doctor De que se cure ! seor abe , you be cure . the doctor hold smelling salt under abe 's nose . his close eye jerk open to see the doctor 's glove hand clutching a huge , bloody ` tumor .' abe push himself up , peer down at he bloody abdomen with awe . the doctor wipe the blood away and help he up . abe ( tear up ) thank you . I owe you my life . as abe shuffles out , the doctor turn away to dump the `tumor ' in the trash and wash he bloody hand in a basin . doctor ( over he shoulder ) '' proximo ! next ! WADE ( o.s. ) already here , hombre . Dr. delgado nearly jump at the sight of WADE , already stand in the OPEN door of the room , look dangerous . ( continued ) 47 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 25 continued : 25 doctor so sorry , you surprise I . how ... long ... you stand there , seor ? Wade walk slowly toward the doctor , who step out nervously from behind he table . the two stand face - to-face . Wade smile ... angle he foot under the operating table ... ... and use it to slide something out from underneath the table : a bucket of bloody chicken gizhard that double as remove vtumor . ' Wade 's rage seem to grow by the instant . WADE Long enough ... delgado sense he be suddenly in danger , pick up a rusty scalpel from he tray . Wade move toward he . delgado lunge , he stab WADE in the shoulder , then run . Wade tackle he . in Wade 's weaken state , the fight become a intense struggle . the two fall and wrestle . the bucket of gizhard overturn . they roll around in slop . the doctor squirm out of Wade 's grasp and crawl into the hallway . Wade wriggle after he , tug at he ankle . 26 int . waiting room / hallway - sunset - past 26 the muzac still play . vanessa smile warmly / sadly at the little boy , who be unwrap he chupachup . suddenly ... a scream and cry for help in Spanish . the nurse and a alarm vanessa rush toward the shouting . 27 int . hallway - sunset - past 27 at last , WADE 's fury have overcome he physical weakness . he straddle the doctor 's chest . his expression be that of a man who 's losing he shit . Wade raise the scalpel , slashes at the doctor 's throat , then stab he in the heart . the doctor writhes , spasm , gurgle , and fall still . chest heaving , Wade raise he head to see ... at the far end of the hall : vanessa - freeze , terrified . a blood -soak Wade lock eye with she and swim back up into sanity ... ` what have I do ? ' this be a horrific glimpse into Wade 's murderous past ... ... and the look on vanessa 's face be one of horror and pain . ( continued ) 48 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 27 continued : 27 awash in shame , Wade stagger to he foot , slip on chicken blood , and lunge in the other direction . he hit the door at the end of the hall at a run . 28 stab ! 28 the sword , cover in blood , penetrate the crayon draw of the recruiter on deadpool 's corkboard . deadpool thank you , agent Smith . deadpool laser in on ajax 's picture at the top of the pyramid . 29 ext . guadalajara STREET - sunset - past 29 WADE lean against a wall , gasp for breath . he look back toward she voice , face a mask of pain . instead of seek she ... he melt into the busy street . 30 ext . deadpool be lair - day 30 deadpool trudge to he front door . he speak to the audience : deadpool some kind of anger can not be manage . like the kind where you year - long plan end with the wrong guy get dismember ! that say ... when it come time to lick wound ... there 's no place like home , and I share that home with someone you meet , the old blind lady from the laundromat , Al . she 's like Robin to my batman . except she 's old . and black . and blind . pop inside deadpool ( v.o. ) and I think she love I . wait ... pretty sure Robin love batman , too . 31 int . workshop - night - past 31 WADE , ghastly , near death , lie back onto a stretcher , cover only by a flimsy hospital gown . he 's be wheeled down a dim corridor by two tough - look orderlies . in one hand , he hold the recruiter 's crumpled business card . in the other , he clutches the limited edition voltron ring , as tight as he shaky hand allow . ( continued ) 49 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 31 continued : 31 they turn a corner and push through a pair of double door into a cavernous room . Wade look around , full of hope for a new life . immediately , every single thing he see / hear begin to erode he confidence . the recruiter stand just inside the door , smile . recruiter ( o.s. ) Mr. Wilson ! nothing warm my heart like a change of someone else 's . walk into Wade 's p.o.v. be the creepy recruiter . he beam down on Wade . recruiter ( cont 'd ) you finally hit `fuck - it . ' WADE worse . just promise you will do right by I . so I can do right by someone else . recruiter of course . WADE oh , and please do not make my super suit green . or animated . recruiter I hope you enjoy you stay . the `workshop , ' as this old warehouse be affectionately call , have be convert into a work laboratory . Wade be wheeled through a vast room contain row of individual vtent , ' each contain a subject . Wade 's eye dart to helpless silhouettes . we hear whisper , whimper , moan . a fellow patient , a pathetic , terrify little man name cunningham , be wheeled past Wade , restrain on another stretcher . cunningham briefly lock eye with Wade , but quickly move on by . Wade can not help but be alarmed by the terror in cunningham 's eye . the tent be illuminate by blinding overhead light . Wade spy gruesomely intimidating medical equipment . Wade be wheeled into the tent that 's he new home . the figure who be push Wade dump he onto a chrome operating table and roughly strap he down . ( continued ) 50 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 31 continued : ( 2 ) 31 WADE um . my first request ? a warmer table . ( shiver ) and warmer hand . Wade double -take at the sight of the figure above he : angel dust - thirty , female , tall , sexy , athletic - a amazonian warrior in another age . angel Dust wheel over a high - tech i.v. drip , complete with glass cylindrical tank housing a glow , viscous liquid . then she roughly strap Wade 's neck to the table . Wade nearly gasp , the color now officially drain from he face . WADE ( cont 'd ) easy ! be not you a little strong for a lady ? I be call wang . angel dust you would like that , huh . welcome to we little hospital . WADE it do not look like a hospital . it look like chlamydia hold still . a unlit matchstick protrude from angel Dust 's tooth - she idea of a toothpick . WADE ( cont 'd ) oral fixation ? angel dust shut . the fuck . up. angel Dust place a finger on Wade 's forehead and shove he head back against the table - bang - pin it there . ajax ( o.s. ) patience , angel . all in good time . enter ajax , whom we know as the prisoner from the raft with whom we have see deadpool tangle in the present . this be the first ajax and Wade have meet . WADE can I expect turndown serv -? ajax nod to angel Dust . boom ! she gag Wade with surgical tubing , then wrap it around the table , immobilize he head . ( continued ) 51 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 31 continued : ( 3 ) 31 ajax you be a talker . Wade 's eye be wider than ever . wtf ? ajax ( cont 'd ) ( disarmingly matter - of - fact ) Mr. Wilson , my name be ajax . I manage the workshop . my `welcome ' speech use to be full of euphemism like ` you may feel some discomfort . ' but I have grow blunt . ajax unsheathes a i.v. needle . angel Dust up - tilt the table 45 degree , then ready a holographic monitor . ajax ( cont 'd ) the workshop be not a government program . it 's a private institution task with turn reclamation project like yourself into man of extraordinary ability . I be about to remake you life . but if you think cancer cure painlessly , you be wrong . if you think super-human power be acquire painlessly , you be wrong . ajax touch Wade with the i.v. needle , press here and there , not quite hard enough to break skin . at last , he locate the subclavian vein . Wade flinch . ajax ( cont 'd ) we be inject you with a serum that activate mutant gene . for it to work , we need to subject you to extreme stress . the liquid glow fluorescent through Wade 's white skin as it pump into the pulmonary highway . ajax ( cont 'd ) you have hear the whole make - an-omelette , break - some -egg bit ? ( Wade blink ) I be about to hurt you , Wade . the kind of hurt I can not describe and you can not prepare for . it 's cruel stuff . and there 's no way out for you . no secret you can tell I . no soft spot in I to appeal to . Wade stare at they in shock . ( continued ) 52 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 31 continued : ( 4 ) 31 angel dust what , you expect weapon X ? ajax start to turn away , but stop . ajax one more thing . what 's the ad ? ` I be not just the president . I be a client ? ' I have be through this procedure myself . it make I stronger . it also scorched my nerve ending . so I no longer feel pain . in fact ... ( smile ) I no longer feel anything . Wade react by saying something - make unintelligible by the surgical tub . ajax nod to angel Dust , who slice the surgical tubing , snapping it away and freeing Wade to talk . WADE something in you tooth . ajax smile without open he mouth , signal angel Dust . she slam Wade 's head back again as he turn to leave . before he exit , ajax hesitates , can not help but check he tooth in one of the surgical mirror . WADE ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) make you look ! hey , be ajax you real name ? ` Cause it sound suspiciously make up . what 's it really ? Steve ? Mark ? trevor ? Kyle ? ( E.T. voice ) elliot ? we hear laugh from nearby tent . Wade be now play for a audience . ajax joke away . the one thing that never survive this place be a sense of humor . WADE we will see ! ajax ( to angel Dust ) all yours . we re-take wade's p.o.v. as angel Dust , chew she matchstick , re-enter frame above he , smile , then punch he in the face . Black . 53. deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 32 int . workshop - night / day - montage - past 32 a montage of Wade 's treatment in the workshop , set to the note of JOHN denver 's inspirational classic , `I want to live . ' juxtapose with harrowing vignettes of angel Dust and ajax experiment on WADE ... ... as he gasp , claw , scream bloody murder . Wade be dunked into thick , molass - like liquid . pulled and yanked , poked and prodded by contraption that would have shame the Spanish inquisition . sawed . compressed . slice . dice . slap - chopped . bled . long syringe plunge deep into soft tissue . scalpel make long incision . endoscopic cameras TRAVEL through the body , revealing the dirty work of invasive surgical equipment . staple -gun drive staples into slice skin to pull it back together . miniature circular saws slice through bone . iv 's pull fluid from the body and insert other fluid in . JOHN denver I want to share what I can give . I want to be ... I want to live ! we also see short , ultra - fast mini -montage of medical instrument , imply the passage of time . 32 aa int . workshop - montage - night 32 aa over image of : injection : ajax ( v.o. ) the serum I be inject you with target any mutant gene lurking in you DNA . torture : ajax ( v.o. ) adrenaline act as a catalyst for the serum , so we must subject you to extreme stress . ( continued ) 54 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 32 aa continued : 32 aa ajax ( v.o. ) if you be lucky , the mutant gene will activate and manifest in spectacular fashion . ajax ( v.o. ) if not , we will have no choice but to keep hurt you in new and different way . each more painful than the last . 32 aa int . workshop - day 32 aa ajax until you finally mutate . or die . 33 int . workshop - wade's tent / worm tent - night 33 at last , Wade be laid back down on he table , only now in quiet darkness , meek , without any resistance whatever . cunningham ( o.s. ) puppy . in the tent next to Wade , cunningham hold up he fist to the fabric . Wade can see it through the cloth in silhouette . cunningham ( cont 'd ) it help picture puppy . Wade give cunningham a knuckle bump through the fabric . WADE puppy . cunningham or kitten . if you swing that way . WADE ( chuckle ) I swing both way . Wade swallow hard , grow serious : WADE ( cont 'd ) but I , I have be make a list of thing I still plan to do . cunningham a bucket list ? ( continued ) 55 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 33 continued : 33 WADE I prefer fuck - it list : nake tandem base - jump with the WNBA 's Sacramento monarch ... spark up a spliff with the Olympic torch ... cunningham finish my Lego millenium falcon ... WADE give meredith baxter birney a dutch oven ... cunningham make my kid banana pancake ... ajax ( o.s. ) with the mouse ear ? Creative , and delicious . ajax and angel dust enter cunningham 's tent and begin prepping he for a fresh round of torture . ajax ( cont 'd ) it 's ok , I encourage distraction . can not have you give up on we , can we now , you little worm ? suddenly , a voice call out from the adjacent tent : WADE ( o.s. ) do not take that shit , cunningham ! how tough can he be ? name like Francis . ajax be very subtly surprised . what do Wade just say ? WADE be still strapped down inside . talk nice and loud : WADE ( cont 'd ) that 's right ! he get ` ajax ' off a dish - wash liquid ! ( laugh from nearby tent ) legal name 's Francis . f-r-a-n-c-i-oops . ajax have entered Wade 's tent . ajax 's expression tell we all we need to know about the validity of Wade 's claim . with as much freedom of motion as he have in one hand , Wade wave a stub of paper at Francis . WADE ( cont 'd ) dry-clean tag , Francis . snag it off you lab coat . ( beat ) ( more ) ( continued ) 56 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 33 continued : ( 2 ) 33 WADE ( cont 'd ) fyi . I may be able to get you the super - hero discount . close - up on the tag , which read `freeman , francis . ' ajax stare hard at Wade with menace eye . ajax you be so relentlessly annoying . shut the fuck up , or I will sew that pretty mouth shut . WADE uh , I would not do that . here 's the problem with round - the-clock torture . you can not really step it up from there . ajax be that what you think ? WADE yeah . Francis . that 's what I think . 34 omitted 34 v35 ext / int . montage - various v35 35 int . workshop - night - past 35 two orderlies and angel dust finish strapping Wade down and attach electrode to he head and chest . Wade be bound to a hospital bed that 's encased in a large capsule of plexiglas . the top half of the capsule be hinge to one side , OPEN , allow angel Dust access to Wade . ajax sit eat a meal from some tupperware in a nearby chair . ajax seem you gene be as stubborn as you . but we can still increase you suffer . we do not even have a name for this next toy . various wire and tube run out of the capsule , connect to oxygen tank , dial , and a monitor tracking brain and heart . ajax ( cont 'd ) we reduce the oxygen in the air to the exact point you feel like you be suffocating . ( more ) ( continued ) 57 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 35 continued : 35 ajax ( cont 'd ) if you start to pass out , and you brain wave slow , we turn up the o2 . if you catch you breath , and you heart rate slow , we turn it back down . and we leave you . right . there . WADE um. what ? ajax waterboard be the most severe stress know to man . this device prolong that stress . for hour , day , week ... angel Dust chew she match and tap the capsule with a finger . angel dust or if you keep yapping , year ... WADE and I think you be dick before this . ajax the saddest part ? you still think we be make you a super-hero . you . dishonorable discharge . beating up pizza guy . hip deep in hooker . you be nothing . I would call you a asshole , but I would have to answer to asshole . Little secret , Wade . the workshop do not make super-hero . it make super-slave . we be gonna fit you for a control collar and auction you to the high bidder . ( finish meal , get up ) who know what they will force you to do . put down freedom fighter . murder innocent . or maybe just mow a lawn or two . angel dust there 's a brave face . ajax go to close the lid . WADE seriously . now you do have something in you tooth . ajax enjoy the weekend ! ( continued ) 58 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 35 continued : ( 2 ) 35 ajax swing the capsule close and lock it . the sound leak away until all that 's leave be a hissing SOUND as ajax hit button to lower o2 level . Wade 's voice drop out as he breathe suddenly grow short and shallow . the oxygen dial fall . his heart-rate soar . angel dust ( chuckle ) he look like a turd in a punch - bowl . ajax ( bright idea ) the ` punch - bowl ! ' Wade fight off panic . his breath become desperate gasp . there 's not enough air to talk , or even scream . dissolve to : 35a int . workshop tent - later 35 a night . eerily dark , silent . a extreme close - up of Wade 's hand , nail clench into the surface of whatever he 's lie on . be he skin ... actually bubbling ? two men enter the tent and stand over the punch - BOWL . click . one of the man turn on a surgical light overhead , revealing himself to be a kindly - look doctor , avuncular , thick glass . next to he be a orderly . the doctor peer through the punch - bowl 's lid . he be surprised by what he see . he nod to the orderly : ` go on , hurry . ' the orderly quickly unlock and unlatch the lid , then swing it OPEN . Air rush into the punch - BOWL . the orderly step away , leave the doctor alone in the room . WADE , hide in darkness , gasp as though surfacing after be hold underwater . the doctor cast a shadow over WADE 's face inside . the doctor be fascinated , enlivened . doctor Mr. Wilson ... this result be remarkable . Wade take deep lung -ful of AIR . ( continued ) 59 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 35a continued : 35 a doctor ( cont 'd ) you cancer cell be more aggressive than ever . divide and metastasize at a fantastic rate . WADE ( break , breathless ) yippee . doctor but ... the cell have inalterably change . they be no longer destructive , but productive , selectively target and replace damage tissue . WADE that be a lot of ... what 's the word ... syllable . be you say I be better ? doctor better than better . a miracle . WADE ( weak smile ) my Mom use to call I that . ( alt : ) I and Jesus . ( beat , to doctor ) thank you . I owe you my life . Wade grow choke up . the doctor be take with empathy and affection . he tenderly brushes the hair off Wade 's forehead , of which the camera catch the tiniest glimpse . Wade 's skin be not right somehow . doctor there . there . you journey 's be long and difficult . but you have become something extraordinary . just rest now . Rest . the doctor slowly exit . Wade lie there . actually relax . deadpool ( v.o. ) then , just when I think I could breathe easy ... who appear over the punch - BOWL but ... ... ajax . ( continued ) 60 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 35a continued : ( 2 ) 35 a ajax oo . someone lose he shot at homecome king . WADE you f-fuck sadistic - ajax no. not fair . everything I have do to you have be in you best interest . even this next bit . you may be cure , but you still need to learn to be a better man . polite . respectful . what better way to teach you than to close this lid ... and keep torture you stupid . ajax slam the lid shut , latch and lock it . the hiss resume . Wade 's eye grow wide . he start to slip-slide toward absolute anguish . deadpool ( v.o. ) if you think I be lose my marble `cause I can not breathe . you be only half right . ajax appear to be look in at Wade . but we rack focus to reveal he 's look at he reflection in the plexiglas lid , check for stuff between he tooth . deadpool ( v.o. ) see , if Francis be able to see he reflection ... the camera swing around to Wade 's point-of - view of ajax through the glass lid , which have be newly illuminated by the surgical light above ... ... and then rack focus to WADE 's reflected face . cover with horrific scar . Wade be no longer a handsome young man . he be a monster . which be perfectly visible to he one foot away . deadpool ( v.o. ) you know what they say . you always remember you first time . Wade throw back he head in a silent scream . deadpool ( v.o. ) even 5 year later ... 61 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 36 ext . / int . scrap - yard / ground - day - present 36 back in the present , we find ourselves in a huge scrap - yard , where various ship , plane , etc . be sell for scrap iron . among various vehicle be a old , batter combat carrier , long give up for dead . a heavy truck navigate through the heaps of scrap-metal and grind to a stop in front of the carrier . two heavyset men climb down and head toward the back of the truck , heave the heavy door open . ajax and angel dust stand just inside , box and gear pile up behind they . they hop down as four more rough - look man pile out behind they . angel Dust drag out a wooden crate . the plank crunch as she dig she finger into the wood and heave it up on one burly shoulder as if it weigh no more than a sack of flour . heavy ammo peek through . angel dust better to be the hunter than the hunt . ajax and angel Dust walk across the muddy yard toward a service elevator bolt to the rusting hulk of the carrier . ajax either I kill he , or he kill I . let 's put he out of we misery ... va37 int . garbage truck - day va37 deadpool lay horizontal . he be speak to the audience : deadpool there ... all catch up . he climb up and out of the garbage truck . deadpool ( cont 'd ) ( yell to driver ) thanks for the lift ! apology if I ble in the recyclable . 37 int . / ext . deadpool be lair - day - present 37 a mid-city duplex . borderline ghetto . semi-furnished , `first apartment ' quality : futon and torchiere lamp . ( continued ) 62 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 37 continued : 37 stain carpet , currently be sweep by a roam roomba . ikea ... everywhere . the same old african - american woman we glimpse early in the movie - late 70' - purple floral dress - sit on a ratty couch , where the typical old woman might knit . instead , this old woman use a BOX -cutter to lay waste to a big cardboard BOX from ikea - the `ivar shelving unit .' she lay out its component and tool on a wobbly ikea nornas coffee table ... ... make more difficult by the fact that she be completely blind . this be deadpool 's roommate , blind al . suddenly , blind Al 's keen ear pick up a faint , distant knocking . she cock she head to listen . 38 ext . deadpool be lair - day - present 38 angle on the front yard : dirt . no grass . ` 93 chevy avon up on block . a exhaust deadpool be slump against he own front door , red suit , no mask , no right hand . he be knocking weakly on the door with the side of he head . 39 int . deadpool be lair - day - present 39 angle on the live room : blind al stand up in comfy creme nursing shoe . grab she red-tipped cane . and shuffles toward the front door ... ... when she be trip by the roomba . she face -plant . deadpool ( o.s. ) ( from outside ) let 's get ready to rooooooomba ! blind al ( under breath ) ass-hat . Al swing she cane angrily , again and again , try to hit the robotic vacuum , which move happily just out of reach . she reach she knee and stretch for the door when ... ... deadpool spring it open from outside , slamming it into she head . blind Al go down again . ( continued ) 63. deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 39 continued : 39 deadpool Morning , roomie ! ( sniff ) this place reek like old lady pants . blind al ( still supine ) yes . I be old . I wear pants . deadpool but you be no lady . blind Al struggle to a sit position . deadpool walk past she in he sock , drop he muddy boot to the floor and slip into a pair of powder -blue croc park just inside the door . deadpool ( cont 'd ) so comfy . blind al upside of be blind : I have never see you in croc . deadpool you mean my big rubber masturbatin ' shoe ? blind al yes I know . downside of be blind : I hear everything in this duplex . deadpool walk bitterly past one wall of the duplex , which be cover - wall -to-wall , floor-to-ceiling , with christmas advent calendar . ton of ornament / candy / etc. adorn the calendar . there 's not one calendar leave uncover . deadpool one-thousand eight -hundre twenty - two ornament pin to two-hundred - sixty calendar . all for a ` Christmas ' that ... never ... come ! blind al too much naughty , too little nice . deadpool sit on a stick . deadpool splays out on a white futon , moaning , nursing he horrifying wound . ( continued ) 64 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 39 continued : ( 2 ) 39 blind al bactine ? deadpool ( drip sarcasm ) yeah . bactine should do it . how 's the kullen come ? ikea do not assemble itself . blind Al sit back on the ratty couch and begin apply the finish touch to the shelving unit . blind al you be tell I . I do not mind the kullen . it 's a improvement on the hurdal . deadpool anything 's a improvement on the hurdal . I would have take a hemnes ... or even a trysil ... over the hurdal . but I do not get excited `til I see the kullen . blind al screw please . deadpool here ? now ? just kid . I know it 's be decade for you . blind al you would be surprised . deadpool and totally gross out ! blind Al turn the final screw , beyond unenthusiastic . blind al ta. dah . the dresser look like the lean Tower of piza in shitty particle board . deadpool toss a dirty magazine on top . the kullen collapse . blind al ( cont 'd ) I wish I would never hear of Craig 's list . deadpool and I quote : ` look for roommate . blind to life 's imperfection . must be good with hand . ' or wouldya rather I build ikea and you pay rent ? ( continued ) 65 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 39 continued : ( 3 ) 39 blind al why such a douche this morning ? deadpool let 's recap . that cock - thistle who turn I into this freak ... the one I have be wait five year for ... slip through my arm today . Arm . deadpool hold up he previously severe arm , which now have a little tweenage arm emerge off it . yes . deadpool can grow back limb . deadpool ( cont 'd ) catch he be my only chance to be hot again . get my super - sexy ex back . and stop the same shit from happen to anyone else . so yeah , thing be pretty fuck scrumptious . deadpool stand . walk behind the couch , and as he pass the back of blind Al 's head ... fart . deadpool ( cont 'd ) hash - tag drive-by . blind al ( to herself ) I be gonna find this ` Craig . ' and I be gonna kill he . deadpool once I have get the cure , I be gonna do the same to Francis ... rs40 int . workshop tent - later rs40 WADE , newly scar , hide in darkness , continue to gasp as though be hold underwater . then the lid on the punch - bowl slide back , revealing ajax . Wade take deep lung - ful of AIR . ajax lean in for a closer look . ajax bloody hell . someone lose he shot at homecome king . WADE ( can barely speak ) what have you do to I ?! ajax you give I too much credit . this ... this be the result of you gene . ( more ) ( continued ) 66 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 rs40 continued : rs40 ajax ( cont 'd ) the punch bowl merely raise you stress to trigger the mutation . WADE you ... sadistic ... fuck ! ajax where 's the gratitude ?! you be cure ! you mutate cell can heal anything . they be attack the cancer as fast as it can form . you inside be a war zone . not to mention you outside ! Wade look stunne as he struggle to process all this information . ajax smile down . ajax ( cont 'd ) I have see similar side - effect before . I could cure they for you . but really , where 's the fun in that ? Wade say nothing , hat he but want to believe . ajax ( cont 'd ) I be go to close this lid again . maybe you no longer need it . but I do . for a long moment , Wade stare intensely at ajax and see ... nothing , a black hole of empathy . and he know this be a man who will never stop hurt he . *** note : we will not be reshoot the rest of the scene below with the exception of the final shot .**** so he turn he gaze to the ceiling and withdraws into himself ... the one place the cruelty can no longer reach he . angel Dust enter , chew on she usual matchstick . ajax he 's all yours . angel lean over the punch -bowl , start to undo Wade 's restraint . angel you smell like shit . when angel Dust lean close to Wade 's head he suddenly come alive and use the strength he have leave to head - butt she in the forehead . ( continued ) 67 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 continued : ajax ( impressed ) whoa . angel advance toward Wade . ajax stop she . ajax ( cont 'd ) hey , hey , alright . it 's alright . I think he earn that one , yeah ? you take off . go on ... off you go . as angel Dust exit the tent , she reach to she mouth for she matchstick ... only it 's not there . she frown , fish another match from she pocket , and tuck it between she lip . ajax finish strapping Wade back down and go to close the lid . ajax ( cont 'd ) one question . what 's my name ? Wade remain listless , mouth shut . blink . ajax ( cont 'd ) do not think so . ajax close and lock the lid . hiss . the oxygen dial fall . deadpool ( v.o. ) sorry , Francis . but my lip be seal . and then we be inside the punch bowl with Wade as the oxygen level drop and the suffer rise . through a fog of misery Wade see ajax stare down , watch he , drink in he pain . 41 int . workshop - night - past 41 back in the punch - bowl , Wade open he mouth ... within which he be hiding a single matchstick , clench carefully - dryly - between he tooth . he inhale ... then spit out the match into he wait palm . finally , he strike it against the side of the punch bowl . Wade aim the now flaming match toward the tiny hole through which oxygen flow . the match be quickly burn down . will it reach the hole before it snuff out ? at the last possible moment ... ... the flame combust the stream of oxygen , igniting it ... ( continued ) 68 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 41 continued : 41 ... back through the transparent plastic tube that trail outside the punch -bowl . the flame snake through the tube , this way and that , until it reach the oxygen tank stand next to the punch -bowl . a beat . then the tank explode . the blows apart . the hospital bed snap in two . out in the ward , the fireball curl outward , spread from tent to tent . boom ! boom ! other flammable tank detonate . the tent go up like roman candle . it 's now Mass chaos . alarm blare . flame leap . smoke billow . patient flee . a curtain of FIRE suddenly disperse , replace by billowy white smoke from a over - size chrome FIRE extinguisher ... ...held by ajax , who stride grimly toward Wade 's tent . he throw back the burn fabric ... ... and nearly eat a oxygen tank . he block it at the last moment with he FIRE extinguisher . clang . on the other end of the oxygen tank , wind -mill it with unbridle ferocity , be WADE . WADE and ajax swing the oxygen tank and fire extinguisher like modern day club , try to take off each other 's head . clang ! bang ! bam ! the tank collide in mid-air . ajax 's finger crunch between metal . he do not even feel it . Wade grab the hose of ajax 's fire extinguisher , angle it up , and get he finger on the trigger . the extinguisher blast . ajax be momentarily blind . Wade bring the oxygen tank down like a lumberjack's axe . ajax block it , but be drive to he knee . Wade 's eye be light with fire . down the tank come , again and again . ajax take he own fire extinguisher to the chin . then catch a blow from the oxygen tank to he temple . the extinguisher go flying . Wade swing the oxygen tank again , but against all odd , ajax catch it and slam it back into Wade 's nose . crunch . ( continued ) 69 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 41 continued : ( 2 ) 41 ajax rise to he foot , and the two grip opposite side of the oxygen tank , grappling with every ounce of strength . Wade sweep ajax 's foot and he topple over backwards , Wade on top of he . Wade lift the heavy tank and slam it into he face . once. twice . Three time . crack . as he 's about to finish the job ajax smile , blood bubbling from he smashed lip . ajax you can not kill I , Wade . I be the only one who can fix that ugly mug . Wade look tear as he rage give way to something like hope . he toss the tank away . WADE then time to make I I again . a scream of terror behind Wade make Wade turn . cunningham ( o.s. ) Wade ! help ! Wade ! Wade look through the smoke and flame and spy a helpless cunningham lie in the flame wreckage . WADE fuck ! Wade drop ajax and sprint to cunningham , start drag at the wreckage trapping he , when ... slice ! a long piece of shear rebar thrust clean through he chest from behind . the force send the spear deep into the wooden floor beam , pin Wade like a insect in a entomologist 's display . in a grand display of strength , ajax bend the end of the rebar to keep Wade pin ... then walk around and squat down into Wade 's eye line , wear a triumphant sneer . ajax say it . ` Francis . ' blood dribble from Wade 's mouth as he try in vain to push himself off the bloody spike of metal . ajax rise , scan the burn workshop with a scowl - clearly a lose cause - and turn to leave . cunningham scream again as the flame near he . grunting with the pain and effort Wade try to push himself off the spike . ( continued ) 70 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 41 continued : ( 3 ) 41 his hand slip on the blood-slick metal , and he cannot free himself . his voltron ring lie on the floor next to he . Wade and cunningham share a last look . cunningham clamp he jaw shut , fight the agony . creak ... crackle ... the roof collapse , burying both of they . and we ... CUT to black . fade up on : 42 int . workshop - day 42 Morning 's first sunlight . WADE 's voltron ring lie completely melted in the debris . the camera follow it to Wade 's hand ... then up he arm to he face . WADE 's eyelid flutter , and he come to . he be naked , he hospital gown burn away . we see blackened sludge , soot , char remain . the melt and scorched metal rod next to he . Wade slowly realize where he be and what happen . he reach down to he stomach wound ... which have miraculously heal . Wade sit up , stunne . deadpool ( v.o. ) I do not just get the cure to El cncer . I get the cure to everything . v43 ext . CITY STREET - morning - past v43 vanessa , tired , break , mind seemingly elsewhere , walk towards she apartment . she pass a loving young couple , arm - in - arm . vanessa clock this sadly , continue on . behind she , people walk to and for . among they , we reveal : WADE , dress in ill-fitting pants and a hoodie . he be a train - wreck , scar face on display to the world for the first time . he look purposeful , but tentative , walk behind vanessa , gaining on she . angle on : WADE 's p.o.v. a boy go by on he bike , try hard not to gape . a toddler in a stroller look up and burst into tear . the toddler 's mother hustle past . ( continued ) 71 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 v43 continued : v43 mother Alex , do not stare . vanessa stop and rifle through she purse for key . still on Wade 's p.o.v . Wade stop , too , suddenly paralyze , as the moment to face vanessa arrive . as he hesitates , tear with anguish , the whisper seem to grow , rise in volume until they become deafen : whisper 2 ( o.s. ) oh , my , god , that be so fuck gnarly . whisper 3 ( o.s. ) I just lose my appetite . Wade spin , try to see where the voice be come from . nowhere ... everywhere . the whisper crescendo , now more in Wade 's mind than in reality . he turn back to vanessa , he face a mask of fear and pain ... just as she disappear into she apartment building . the close glass door reveal he own hideous reflection staring back at he . deadpool in the whole wide world , there 's nothing as ugly ... ( beat ) ... as fear . he give up on he mission , back away from he reflection , vanessa , he old life . he stumble off the curb and into the street , when ... bam ! he be crushed out of frame by a speed bus . smash CUT to black . fade up on : a43 int . morgue - night a43 three body bag lie on slab in a morgue . without warning , the middle bag sit up straight at the waist ... ... then try to caterpillar its way to the edge of its slab ... ( continued ) 72 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 a43 continued : a43 ... but instead pitch off the slab - crunch - face - first onto the floor . WADE ( o.s. ) ow . b44 int . deadpool be lair - night b44 a FBI -style `organizational chart ' have be pin on Wade 's corkboard in the lair . a vpyram ' of bad be link by string . each baddie be depict not by a photograph , but a child - like crayon drawing . second from the top be the recruiter . at the apex of the pyramid be ajax himself . deadpool , in he lair , sew together a early `proto - costume . ' we see quick cut of piece of it go on : White adida track suit . White glove . White boot . and some sort of white mask ... a single gun , underarm holster , boot knife but no sword . vc44 int . pool hall - night vc44 deadpool do not make I ask twice . where 's Francis ?! deadpool question a bleed thug , more body scattered across a floor litter with break furniture behind he . another thug rush in and smashes a pool cue over deadpool 's skull . deadpool snatch the break shaft of wood and punch it into the thug belly . a third thug stagger to he foot , pull a pistol , fire multiple shot point blank . deadpool stagger back , blood blossoming across he white suit . " click " the thug stare in disbelief that deadpool 's still stand . deadpool look down at the shaft of wood in he hand . thinks . ( continued ) 73. deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 vc44 continued : vc44 deadpool ( cont 'd ) I say , where 's ... fuck ... fr - ( realize ) you make I ask twice . deadpool spin the bloody cue with inhuman dexterity and start towards the terrify thug , accidentally knock over a pitcher of bloody mary onto he already bloody stain suit . deadpool ( cont 'd ) fuck. me. d44 int . laundromat - day d44 deadpool , tide stain - stick in hand , try unsuccessfully to get the blood out of he white suit . we get we first glimpse of blind al , who 's sit next to deadpool at the laundromat , completely unfaze by the bloodbath : blind al seltzer water and lemon for blood . ( off deadpool 's impressed look , shrug ) or wear red . deadpool 's eye light up . he crumple this suit into a ball and toss it into a trash bin . e44/h44 int . deadpool be lair - night e44/h44 deadpool stab a knife into the picture of the goon he just kill ( at the bottom of the pyramid ) ... right in the forehead . f44 int . lair - night f44 deadpool 's at the sewing machine again . Quick cut of a red `proto ' outfit go on : cheap red sweat . Red glove . Red converse . as yet unseen red mask , which turn out to be ... vg44 int . underground fight - night vg44 ...a red ` lucha libre ' pro wrestling mask . deadpool stand in the shadow of a dingy basement , low ceiling , wall stack high with case of liquor . ( continued ) 74 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 vg44 continued : vg44 in a boxing ring at the center of the room two women pound each other surround by a scrum of a crowd . deadpool spy he mark in a dirty white suit press in tight ringside . deadpool pull he mask down , wade into the crowd , throw man aside , plowing toward he target . the mark see deadpool at the last second , turn as a katana flash out and skewer he hand , pin it to the wall . deadpool fire a couple shot into the ceiling , send the rest of the crowd rush for the exit . deadpool do not make I ask twice . where 's - smash CUT to : j44 int . / ext . various location - interrogation / kill j44 deadpool have a goon at sword -point . deadpool donde esta Francisco ? thug I do not speak Spanish . deadpool ( sigh ) and I do not have time for you to learn . deadpool kill the thug . deadpool ( cont 'd ) take I to you leader . ( turn ) I have always want to say that . deadpool ( cont 'd ) squeal . like a pig . where 's Francis ? deadpool in no particular order . where 's you boss ? and where can I find good indian food ? henchman why the red suit ? ( continued ) 75 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 j44 continued : j44 deadpool that 's so bad guy can not - never mind , they have already hear that . deadpool ( cont 'd ) you be about to tell I everything you know about Francis Freeman . known aliase . current whereabouts . boxer or brief . go. deadpool ( cont 'd ) ( force guy 's mouth open , go in with knife ) open you mouth . here come the airplane ! goon ( gun point at forehead , a la Joseph takagi ) I do not know , I be tell you . you be just go to have to kill I . deadpool ok . ( shoot goon in head , a la han gruber , then , to audience : ) right ?! deadpool ( cont 'd ) ( goon at knifepoint ) do not make I break out the collective soul CD . deadpool you give I you boss . I give you the rest of you life . ( continued ) 76 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 j44 continued : ( 2 ) j44 deadpool ( throw woman onto table ) I do not feel good about myself . but where be he ? I be so sorry . l44 ext . / int . montage - various l44 New costume . boom . a man die . stab . his picture be knife . boom . stab . question . boom ! stab ! interrogation . boom ! stab ! deadpool question more and more thug , each bit of information bring he closer .... soon there be a forest of knife stick from the board . ... and only the recruiter and ajax be leave . k44/vk44 int . rice world - night k44/vk44 a wretch room , dirty mattress cover the floor . dim light scatter through a tangle of iv bag hastily strung up over men too poor to have anywhere else to go and die . the recruiter kneel , speak quietly to a particularly harden patient . he place a card in the man 's emaciate hand , then stand and walk toward a low doorway . the recruiter enter a brightly light room stack high with bag of rice . two heavily armed thug fall in beside he . the man scan the aisle as they move toward a door lead out into a alley . deadpool agent Smith ! they turn to see deadpool , high atop a stack of rice bag . deadpool ( cont 'd ) I know , right ?! I look like a million buck . ( turn to camera ) ( more ) ( continued ) 77 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 k44/vk44 continued : k44/vk44 deadpool ( cont 'd ) literally - this suit cost Fox a million dollar . without a word , the recruiter flee , run through the big roll - up door . deadpool leap to land between the two bodyguard as they draw they weapon and spray the room with gunfire . one go down in a bloody heap . deadpool leap toward the other , skewer he with both sword . the thug fall backward , dead before he hit the ground . l44/vl44 ext . alley - night l44/vl44 deadpool come out , come out , wherever you be ! ( darken ) do not make I ask tw - ( pleasantly surprised ) good for you ! the recruiter have step timidly from between overflow garbage bin , hand raise , eager to talk he way out of this mess : recruiter to whom should I address my ... desperate bargain ? deadpool do not recognize the voice ? maybe the resum : forty - one confirm kill . make that eighty -nine . Seven the past week alone . same rate most folk ... ( pull out sword ) ... get a shave . recruiter ( realize who it be , fight to stay compose ) Mr ... Wilson ? deadpool ding-ding-dg ! now ... you be about to tell I where I can find you boss . or I be gonna make you feel worse . wait ... deadpool bring the sword closer to the recruiter 's face . turn to camera : deadpool ( cont 'd ) ... worse than worse . ( continued ) 78 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 l44/vl44 continued : l44/vl44 recruiter and I pride myself on be persuasive . smash CUT to : rs44 int . sister margaret be - day - past rs44 WADE stand in the shadow . weasel sit at a table . WADE no ... no way ! I be not make she life as ugly as mine ! weasel c'mon , you can not look that bad ! it 's like that blemish no one notice but you . WADE wrong . I be a monster , inside and out . I belong in a circus , the kind that roll around Eastern Europe in cover wagon . weasel I can not envision a scenario where vanessa will not take you ba - ( Wade step into light , take off he hoodie ) - aaaaaccckkk !! Holy shit . you ... be ... terrifying . you look like a avocado have sex with a older avocado . Wade grab the bottle of jack daniel from the table , guzzle . weasel ( cont 'd ) we might have to move we relationship to text and phone only . Wade ignore weas , slam down the bottle : WADE and the only guy who can fix this fugly mug , the asshole who run that mutant factory , escape to who know where . weasel I take back the vanessa thing . you have only one option . WADE find francis-go-fuck-himself . ( continued ) 79 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 rs44 continued : rs44 weasel ( not listen ) Star in low budget horror movie . seriously , you look like freddy krueger face - fuck a topographical map of Utah . WADE ( equally not listen ) I be gonna work my way through he crew ... crush bad guy ' skull , `til one of `em lead I to Francis . then I will force he to cure this face . stomp he bloody gut into a fine vintage . and win vanessa back . weasel ok . not exactly the plot of beauty and the Beast , but cool . good news , that douche think you be dead . advantage you . he will not think you be come . bad news , with a puss like that , you will be spot fast . WADE ( derisive ) so what do you suggest ? a mask ? weasel not a bad idea ! you ... be ... haunt . you face be the stuff of nightmare . WADE ( nod ) like a testicle with tooth . weasel how `bout a super-suit ? and a nickname ! bitter - Boy . Super - fist . Captain never - die . ( deflate at a think ) WADE what ? weasel nothing . it 's just ... you know , I just realize , I be never win the - weasel look over to Wade , see he stare . he follow Wade 's gaze up to the board on the wall . WADE deadpool . ( continued ) 80 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 rs44 continued : ( 2 ) rs44 as Wade say the word , he and weasel share a look . eureka . Wade hold up the bottle . weasel deadpool . to you , Mr. Pool . the two clink glass . 44a int . / ext . montage - day / night - past 44a a highly pleased deadpool hold up the-soon- to-become - famous mask for the first time , ushere in ... a montage : WADE , at sister margaret 's , receive a yellow card with a cypress Tree from weasel . he turn a lucha libre mask inside out to reveal the classic deadpool mask we all know and love . put it on . then dress - piece - by-piece - in the red uniform we have come to know and love . and at last , unsheathes a katana . the sword twirl , slashes , lunge into shadow . a handkerchief wipe blood from the blade . the katana get sheathed again . the same yellow card be now received and punched by weasel . Wade be pay in twenty dollar bill . whip cream froth onto a shot glass . a blow - job be tossed back . meanwhile , vanessa play skee - ball wistfully by herself at the arcade : skee -ball roll into hole . light flash . ticket churn out . vanessa catch a reflection of someone staring at she from across the lobby . when she spin around , the culprit be gone . vanessa shiver ... but it 's a warm shiver , somehow . a heap of ticket slide across the prize counter . a big stuffed animal slide into vanessa 's arm . vanessa toss it into a empty closet inside she and Wade 's former apartment . then stare out the spider - web crack in the window . back at deadpool 's lair , deadpool place various suspicious accoutrement on the nornas coffee table : a 8x11 frame photo of vanessa . a bottle of jergen . a BOX of kleenex . his belt . his powder - blue croc . deadpool kick back on the futon . smile under he mask . CUT to : blind al , building yet another shelving unit , look up with a gross - out frown : ` be I hearing what I think I be hearing ? ' next , deadpool finish plaster hundred of advent calendar he 's purchase onto one wall of he lair . ( continued ) 81 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 44a continued : 44a when the wall be cover , he carefully pin the first ornament onto the first tree on the first calendar . and at last , he mask come off and he head hit the pillow . instantly , the montage crank up its speed , with quick and quick edit . the visual totem that have just be introduce begin to fly by ... shorthand for the passage of time : yellow card be give , receive , punch . blade be unsheathed , sheathed , clean . whip cream spray . drink consume . skee -ball roll into hole . ticket win . prize earn . toss onto a ever -growing pile in the closet . vanessa stare out she window . jergen pump . kleenex pull . croc discard . blind al 's ear plugge . ornament be pin to calendar . lord a-leap . swan a- swim . Maids a-milk . mask come off . head hit pillow . mask pull on . the image fly by faster ... faster ... faster . whip cream . skee-balls . crocs. ornament . weasel . deadpool . vanessa . Al . `I need a hero ' play faster and faster , too - higher and higher , like a record on too many rpm . the effect be rhythmic ... hypnotic ... ... until finally , the montage reach a crescendo . and then boom ! ratchet back to regular speed : ` christmas morning ' have arrive . all the calendar but one be now fully studd with decoration . deadpool pluck out one last STAR to pin atop the final tree . only it 's not a star at all , it 's ajax 's mug shot clipped out from the old newspaper . with great satisfaction , deadpool pin the fade photo to the last treetop . the music die , and deadpool turn to camera . ( continued ) 82. deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 44a continued : ( 2 ) 44a deadpool Santa Claus be come ... smash CUT to : 45 omitted 45 46 int . deadpool be lair - day - past 46 deadpool ( o.s. ) ...to town ! deadpool have one leg in he costume and the other leg still stabbing for the other pants -hole . deadpool ( cont 'd ) late-late-late-late-late ! he hop across the hall past blind al , not really pay attention to she . we be revisit the moment from earlier just after she trip on deadpool 's duffel of ammunition , pick it up , and drag it off . deadpool ( cont 'd ) hurry-hurry - hurry -hurry-hurry ! blind al I hope you be do we the courtesy of pants . 47 ext . CITY STREET - day - past 47 deadpool run out to the street corner and wave . deadpool taxi ! a taxi - if you have be pay attention , you will recognize it - pull up to the curb . deadpool open the rear door . a woman step out , pause to pay dopinder . woman keep the change . deadpool frown . the woman be pull she money from a bernadette peter change purse . deadpool 's eye raise from the purse to the woman hold it : bernadette peter herself ! deadpool doubletake , then shake he head ( ` Nah , could not be ...' ) and climb into the cab . who be behind the wheel but ... dopinder where do you want to be go ! ( continued ) 83. deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 47 continued : 47 deadpool ( look to camera ) and we all know how this turn out . cue benny Hill speed ... the action go into benny -hill - like hyper-speed as we relive the open scene of the movie : deadpool 's cab ride . ajax crumpling up he orange jumpsuit and switch place with a motorcycle rider at the raft . the freeway fight with ajax 's goons . the confrontation with colossus . until at last ... vrs48 ext . warehouse - day vrs48 Transport truck idle in the load dock . a docile super -slave , fitte with a control collar and cuff , step into a crate identical to the one ajax deliver to the warlord in act one . he lie down . angel dust be oversee . she plunge a pistol - grip syringe into he neck and fire : angel dust for you flight . the man 's eyelid flutter shut . next to he , four identical crate hold four unconscious man and woman . the workshop henchmen hammer on the top and laboriously load they up into the truck . angel pick up one over she shoulder with ease . she turn at the sound of a sputtering motorcycle get closer . ajax roll in on one of the batter black bike from the freeway . smoke curl from its break tailpipe . he step off the bike while it 's still move , just let it roll forward and tip to the ground with a clank . ajax ( o.s. ) quit show off , angel . angel do not seem surprised by he dirty and bloody appearance . a raise eyebrow and a disapprove look be all she have for she boss . rsa48 int . warehouse - day rsa48 a warehouse full of surgical equipment . overhead lamp . fabric tent . chrome table , one of which ajax sit on . ajax Wade Fucking Wilson . ( continued ) 84 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 rsa48 continued : rsa48 angel dust stand in front of he , put stitches into he gory mess of a shoulder wound . he do not so much as flinch . angel dust make perfect sense . ajax I suppose if I look like he , I would wear a mask too . ( angel finish final stitch ) only wish I mend the same . ajax pop off the table . swing he arm around , testing he shoulder . ajax ( cont 'd ) not to worry . we will put he out of we misery . on we term . angel dust and if he heal ? ajax he can not - if there 's nothing leave of he to heal . and then we go back to business as usual . ajax 's hand be a blur as he pluck the matchstick from angel 's mouth . ajax ( cont 'd ) what say we leave the match at home ? 49 int . deadpool be live room - night - present 49 ... the past reach the present . regular speed again . deadpool be sit on he futon , croc on , stare at camera . deadpool there . all catch up . ( shift weight , moan , lie back on futon ) blind al ( o.s. ) tylenol p.m.? blind al shuffles over from the kitchen with a cup of tea and a bottle of tylenol . she ease down onto the futon next to deadpool . ( continued ) 85 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 49 continued : 49 deadpool you can stick that where you stick the bactine ! I find my stash of wisdom - tooth percocet in the storjorm , and I be orbit saturn . but I appreciate the gesture . deadpool lay he head on blind Al 's shoulder and gently rub she face with he kid hand . blind al be I crazy , or be you hand really small ? deadpool the size of a kfc spork . blind al eesh . I get why you be so pissy . but you mood 's never gonna brighten `til you find this woman you love and tell she how you feel ! deadpool what do I keep say , Mrs. magoo ? she would not have I ! if you could see I , you would understand . blind al Love be blind , Wade . deadpool no , you be blind . the roomba suck up three screws next to a ivar shelving unit . blind al what be that ? deadpool a clue why we ivar shelving unit 's about to fall the fuck apart . blind al so you be just gonna lie there and whimper ? deadpool just clocking time `til this arm plow through puberty . I have get a new Christmas Day . ( continued ) 86 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 49 continued : ( 2 ) 49 deadpool throw he foot , croc and all , up on the coffee table . deadpool ( cont 'd ) now , ya may want to leave the room . ( beat ) I bet it feel huge in this hand . rs50 int . sister margaret be - night rs50 weasel be on the house phone . the bar be bustling . weasel Wade , we get a problem . and by we I mean you . vb51 ext . no . 5 orange - night vb51 deadpool and weasel walk hastily , purposefully into the eye of the storm . deadpool be a hot mess . deadpool I be about to lose what 's leave of my shit . be there a word for half - afraid , half - furious ? weasel afurious ? wait , be it Monday ?! they have a amazing matzah Ball Soup Monday . ( beat ) never mind . have you figure what you be gonna tell she ? deadpool ( think ) fuck . weasel it 's a start . 51a int . ` no . 5 orange ' strip club - night 51a light flash . Music pump . from across the room we see WADE and weasel enter . weasel joke with the doorman while Wade scan the crowd , search for vanessa . emcee stan lee , sweatsuit , gold chain , beat headphone , lord from a glass cubicle : stan lee come onto the stage , give it up for ... chastity ! 87 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 52 int . ` no . 5 orange ' strip club - night 52 weasel or as I like to call she , irony ! deadpool navigate through a tightly - packed crowd toward the MAIN stage , accompany by weasel . deadpool we gotta find she fast . before fuck -ass . weasel how do you even know she 's here ? deadpool I come for the french onion Soup . how do you think ? I be constantly stalking that fox . deadpool stop in he track , staring . deadpool ( v.o. ) every time I see she be like the first time . reverse angle to reveal what deadpool be look at : the gorgeous backside of a cocktail waitress in a skimpy dress . back to deadpool : deadpool ( v.o. ) even from this angle . especially from this angle . hypnotize , deadpool put one foot in front of the other , approach the waitress . suddenly , the waitress turn to reveal she face : vanessa . deadpool immediately chicken out , put he head down , turn away from she into the press of men around one of the stage . vanessa catch the vaguest glimpse , but before she can get a better look , deadpool be swallow up by the crowd . she get that warm shiver again ... the one that say she 's feel a old presence . she stare after deadpool . it could not possibly be . deadpool push past the man , almost in a panic , beat a hasty retreat toward weasel at the back of the room . ( continued ) 88. deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 52 continued : 52 deadpool ( v.o. ) shittiest moment numero tre . deadpool walk past weasel , flee into the men' room ... 53 int . men' rest room - continuous 53 ... and splash ! wash he face at the sink . deadpool lezzdothis . before I re-reconsider . maximum effort . a hand come into frame offer a paper towel . it belong to a washroom attendant in a tuxedo vest . deadpool use the towel to wipe he face and finish with the attendant 's sleeve . deadpool ( cont 'd ) sorry . ( try to dry attendant 's sleeve with paper towel ) I get very uncomfortable around you guy . ( take mint off counter , then condom off counter , then see tip jar ) crisp high five ? 54 int . ` no . 5 orange ' strip club - night 54 vanessa set down a tray of empty glass . her scum-bag of a manager give she a head - up : manager someone out back ask for you . Said something ' about a old boyfriend ? 55 ext . ` no . 5 orange ' strip club - alley - night 55 vanessa exit the club into a alley , one of Wade 's old jacket throw over she shoulder . one sickly street lamp cast some light . the rest be obscure in shadow . vanessa spy the shape of a man hide in the shadow . vanessa I know it be you . vanessa be seize by memory . she peer into the dark , heart pound . vanessa ( cont 'd ) with the weird , curvy edge . ( continued ) 89 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 55 continued : 55 then step forward slowly , nervously . overcome with emotion . vanessa ( cont 'd ) ( barely audible ) like a jigsaw puzzle . no one answer . vanessa get a bad feel and start to back up . the man step confidently into the light . not WADE ... ... but ajax . vanessa spin around and run straight into angel Dust , who step out of the shadow . vanessa make a grab for she purse , content spilling out onto the grimy street , but she hand come up with a taser . she jam it into the flesh of angel dust shoulder . angel Dust just smile as electricity arc and sizzle . then she grab vanessa 's hand and twist it away . vanessa thrashes like a polecat . but angel Dust be brutally strong . she clamp she hand around vanessa 's jaw and squeezy , dangle she in the air by she face . ajax you have Wade Wilson to thank for this . vanessa 's eye widen in shock and surprise . ajax ( cont 'd ) ` the good Lord send the fishing ... vanessa scream mutely into angel Dust 's palm . ajax ( cont 'd ) ... but you must dig the bait . ' 56 int . ` no . 5 orange ' strip club - hallway - night 56 WADE push through the crowd to find weasel sit in gyno row at the edge of the stage . he 's in the middle of slip a bill into a dancer 's garter . weasel manager say she go that way . ( thumb towards the back ) good luck , Tiger ! deadpool move quickly down a hall , turn a corner , and reach for the knob of the door to the alley . his eye widen as he remember something important . ( continued ) 90 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 56 continued : 56 deadpool reach back and pull up he hood to hide he scar face . deadpool gird himself , then open the door to spy ... 57 ext . ` no . 5 orange ' strip club - alley - night 57 ... the empty alley . deadpool spy a woman 's clutch lie alone in a pool of light , content strewn about . he reach down and pick up ... ...his old bernadette peter change purse . deadpool mother -fucker best be wear he brown pants . 58 int . scrapyard / elevator - pre -dawn 58 ajax and angel Dust stand at either side of a bound and gag vanessa . they be inside the metal cage of a industrial elevator , go up . deadpool ( v.o. ) and ... numero dos . a bare bulb cast harsh light as they rise past a dark mass of twisted metal . ajax look almost bored , hum to himself tunelessly . v59 ext . flight deck - day v59 ajax explain he plan to vanessa : ajax that 's what I think , but he keep on come back . like a bad Jesus . but despite all Wade 's power , I still hold the advantage : he feel . too strongly for he own good . let 's see how he fight with you head on the block . va60 ext . x-mansion - day va60 a sign read ` professor xavier' school for gift youngster .' the sign be on the perfectly manicure front lawn of the gorgeous gothic x-mansion . who be stand outside the front door of the mansion but deadpool , in full regalia . deadpool raise he knuckle to knock , but be suddenly startled ... ( continued ) 91 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 va60 continued : va60 ...by the door swinging OPEN to reveal a annoyed negasonic teenage warhead . she 's wear beat headphone . deadpool ripley from ` alien 3 ' ! ntw deadfool . deadpool it 's like you know I be about to knock ! ( shiver , `creepy ' ) be that big steel dildo home ? ntw you guy go for a bite ? early bird special ? deadpool like there 's something wrong with eat before sundown . or save money . but no . it 's about I save my girl from a bad guy , the one you two help I lose . you do fight bad guy ? ( off ntw 's stare ) no time for hard stare , be you gonna fetch big-shiny - ball or not ? tell he I have a offer he can not refuse ! ntw turn , disappear into the house . ntw colossus ! from off camera , we hear loudly , excitedly , from the second floor : colossus ( o.s. ) be that you , Wade ?! I know you would see error of way ! deadpool yep , that 's I , see the error of my way ! I just need a itty bitty favor in return ! ( turn to camera , whisper ) fool he five time ? shame on he . 92 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 60 int . deadpool be lair - dawn 60 weasel and deadpool be go through ikea drawer , pull out every gun and grenade on God 's green earth and stuff they into a couple of deadpool 's `I * heart * hello kitty ' duffel bag . this be deadpool 's arsenal , big enough for a small army . in go the twin desert eagle . then weasel dump a entire armful of ammo box into the duffel . weasel that 's about ... three thousand shell . a beat . deadpool look at camera menacingly : deadpool and we have all see what I can do with twelve . blind al enter , hold a steyr aug rifle . blind al I be gonna spend tonight assemble the borgsjo , but this be hold my interest . both deadpool and weasel duck , afraid she might shoot they . deadpool careful , ronnie milsap , we be down -range ! and we decide on the orrberg , not the borgsjo . blind al shit . weasel she cool ? deadpool the coolest . plus , she could never pick you out of a line - up . beep - beep . deadpool look at he phone . the screen say , " vanessa 's phone " deadpool ( cont 'd ) it 's Francis . he want I to come to he . and he call I a piece of - ( squint , can not read ) ( continued ) 93. deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 60 continued : 60 weasel ( point ) that 's the shit emoji . a turd with a smile , see ? how do Google ever approve that ? blind Al grab a nerf n-strike Elite strong - arm blaster from a drawer ( it feel like a gun ! ) and go to put it in the duffel . deadpool almost stop she , then shrug - maybe it will come in useful ... blind al that 's every piece in the house . deadpool uh-uh-uh . blind Al sigh - bust - she put she leg up on a chair and pull a tiny Saturday night special from a ankle holster ... and be about to hand it over when instead , she turn , and ... ... boom ... shoot the roomba , lay waste to it . blind al it be he or I . ( beat ) I do hit it , right ? deadpool please . it 's be year since you have hit anything . see what I do there ? blind al fuck you . deadpool take the tiny gun and shove it in the small of he back . then follow weasel out the door . then quickly turn back . deadpool ( to Al ) in case I never see you again , I love you very much ... and there 's a hundred - ten million dollar bury somewhere in the apartment . good luck . watch you face . deadpool slam the door behind he . 61 int . / ext . taxi - morning 61 a taxi drive across the city , its back bumper scraping the ground , throw off SPARKS . ( continued ) 94 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 61 continued : 61 in the passenger seat : deadpool , he duffel at he foot . behind the wheel : dopinder . deadpool any luck win gita back ? dopinder I try to hold on tight , Mr. Pool . but bandhu be more craftier - and handsomer - than I . deadpool ( shrug ) it 's all relative . deadpool quickly lift he mask , revealing he scar to dopinder . startled , dopinder flinch and sideswipe a parked car . colossus ( o.s. ) stop the car . I must leave a note . cut to the back seat to find colossus crammed in , knee to chest . he 's drink a cappuccino in a dunkin ' donut cup . deadpool oh , please . I will bet the hall of you high school be very well monitor . dopinder I can not be stop . negasonic teenage warhead ( o.s. ) wait , I be get a premonition . to colossus 's leave be negasonic teenage warhead . she 's hold two finger to she temple again , a la Professor x. then nod toward dopinder . negasonic teenage warhead ( cont 'd ) he 's uninsured . dopinder she indeed have espn ! I be quite uninsuranced . deadpool you mean esp . but come on ! I coulda - negasonic teenage warhead - call that yourself ? ( continued ) 95 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 61 continued : ( 2 ) 61 deadpool gaaaahhhh ! deadpool literally bounce in frustration . dopinder who bring this twinkly man ? deadpool twinkly , but deadly . my big russki friend do not like the idea of a whole new army of mutant mutton-head . and I tell he if he do I this solid , I would consider join he boy band . colossus it 's not a boy band . deadpool sure it 's not . the cab drive over a SMALL dip and bottom out . clang . bang . a muffle yelp come from the trunk : voice ( o.s. ) ow ! help . me. beat . dopinder reach to turn up the radio . deadpool uh. dopinder . what be that ? dopinder oh , that ? that be bandhu . colossus bandwho ? dopinder my romantic rival , bandhu . he 's tie up in the trunk . I be do as you say , d.p. I plan to gut he like a tandoori fish . then dump he lifeless corpse on gita 's doorstep like a cat with a dead bird . Mom and dad will be over the moon . deadpool look back at colossus and shrug . deadpool something must have get lose in the translation . ( give surreptitious thumb up to dopinder ) ( more ) ( continued ) 96 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 61 continued : ( 3 ) 61 deadpool ( cont 'd ) seriously . this be no way to win gita 's heart . return bandhu home safe and gentle-like . and then woo gita with you boyish charm ... dopinder Fine , fine . safe and gentle-like . here we be ... dopinder pull over and hit the meter . then sigh . dopinder ( cont 'd ) I too be clairvoyance . I presume a crisp high five ? deadpool for you ? ten. dopinder knock they dead , Pool Boy . deadpool and dopinder slap both hand . deadpool time to make the chimichanga . 62 ext . scrapyard - day 62 we hear the first bold note of dmx 's `x gon give it to ya . ' deadpool , colossus , and negasonic teenage warhead walk in slo - mo across the scrapyard toward the combat carrier . deadpool ( v.o. ) not often a dude ruin you face . destroy you live . grab you future baby mama . personally see to 8 of you 10 shittiest life moment . and plan to lather - rinse - repeat on a buncha new chump . let 's just say , it 's beginning to look a lot like Christmas ... this be as cool as deadpool have ever look . muscle sprout muscle . katanas gleam . then , at the height of he coolness , deadpool stop , sense something amiss . dmx cut out . regular speed resume as deadpool look down to spy he fly down . he zip it up , embarrassed . deadpool ( to camera ) it happen . a'ight , cue up dmx again . ( continued ) 97 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 62 continued : 62 negasonic teenage warhead wait ! where 's you duffel bag ? deadpool ( freeze , it 's miss ) gahhhhhhh ! ( pull out a phone , dial ) 63 int . taxi cab - day 63 dopinder drive , head bob to a bhangra beat , hello kitty duffel still sit in the passenger wheel well . on cue , dopinder 's cell phone ring . dopinder reach for it , then fumble it away . the phone fall to the floorboard . dopinder look ahead , see the approach traffic light be green , duck down to make a grab , but when he return he eye to the road , the light be now red . dopinder slam on he brake . screech ! he manage to avoid the car in front . bam ! the taxi be rear -end , its trunk smashed like a accordion . we hear a holler from inside . dopinder bandhu ? 64 ext . scrapyard - day 64 deadpool ( hear crash ) goddamnit ! never mind . nothing that can not be fix by two sword and ... ( crack neck ) ... maximum effort . ( point to imaginary d.j. ) gimme a beat ! dmx kick in again . deadpool stride forward in slo -mo . as they near the carrier a dozen armed and armored merc suddenly rise from behind the pile of scrap metal before they . assault weapon raise , ready to fire . the trio stop , colossus step in front of ntw , shelter she behind he armored body . angel dust ( o.s. ) no one fire ! we heroes crane they neck to spy angel dust stand on the edge of the deck above . ( continued ) 98 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 64 continued : 64 angel dust ( cont 'd ) they be mine . angel Dust leap outward , fall like a stone , hit the ground with a thunderous impact . the dust clear . she stride over the break ground , smile , ready for a scrap . deadpool Long term , that 's hard on you knee . ( alt : ) super-hero landing ! clearly you be far too much dude for I . which be why ... ( point ) ... I bring he . colossus step forward into angel Dust 's path hold a pair of adamantium handcuff just like he use on deadpool . colossus I would prefer not to hit a woman . so please place you hand behind you - boom ! without stop angel Dust throw a right hook from she heel . the punch connect with colossus 's jaw . he go fly , scraping SPARKS across concrete . deadpool ( sigh , point ) I also bring she . negasonic teenage warhead step forward on deadpool 's right . ntw chew she gum . once. twice . then run toward angel Dust , lower she shoulder , and explode up toward she with a wickedly thunderous bang of ENERGY and SOUND . yes , negasonic teenage warhead be exactly that - a live , breathe warhead - like she own personal cannonball . it 's angel Dust 's turn to go fly backward , smash into - and completely trash - a heavy metal shipping container . deadpool ( cont 'd ) I feel sorry for the guy who try to pressure she into prom sex . angel Dust regains she foot , smile dangerously at the merc . angel dust never mind . Fire . ( continued ) 99 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 64 continued : ( 2 ) 64 deadpool be already move as the merc OPEN FIRE , full - auto . deadpool grab the still - woozy ntw and run to the nearby cover of metal scrap , keep between she and the gunfire . colossus , now back on he foot , stride purposely forward . bullet ping harmlessly off he metal skin . angel Dust charge forward , snarling . deadpool ( shout ) finish fuck she the fuck up . colossus stop , annoyed . colossus Language . please . then angel Dust smashes into he . the two collide with earth - shaking force . the sheer power of angel Dust 's momentum slam they backwards into - and through - a huge pile of scrap . 65 int . flight deck - day 65 ajax pull vanessa forward to the edge of the carrier deck , force she gaze downward toward the war zone below . ajax how do it feel ? ex - boyfriend abandon you , become a sanity - challenge killer mutant in tight ... vanessa say the sanity - challenge killer mutant in parachute pants . p.s. I have never play the role of damsel in distress . ajax ` til now . ajax yank vanessa away from the edge again . 66 ext . scrapyard - continuous 66 every merc be pour fire towards deadpool 's position . he hunker down with ntw , she hand clamp tight over she ear . deadpool unzip a zipper , reach into he suit at the crotch , yank . grimace . we hear fabric tear . he pull he hand out , wave a pair of tear tightie - whity up from behind cover . ( continued ) 100 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 66 continued : 66 deadpool hey , fella , whoa ! hold on ! do n'tcha wanna hear my term ?! the merc spot the white `flag . ' Fire slacken from full - auto to a few pot-shot . finally , deadpool pop up . deadpool ( cont 'd ) you guy only work for that shit -spackle muppet fart ! so I be gonna give y'all the chance to lay down you firearm in return for preferential - border on gentle - possibly even lover - like treatment . the merc ignore he , open fire again with a vengeance . deadpool duck and drop he tightie-whity . deadpool ( cont 'd ) fine. commando . ( to ntw ) stay down , kid . unless you power 's stop bullet . deadpool surge forward , dive from cover , roll . he come up boot knife out , arm whipping forward - the nearest merc 's head snap back as the knife bury itself to the hilt in he eye socket . deadpool sprint forward , zig -zagging , leaping , spin as he close the distance to the merc . he 's move too fast for they gun to track . bullet chew up the ground behind . deadpool reach the first pile of twisted metal , slide under , come up behind two merc take shelter there . the first man turn , gun barrel swinging `round . deadpool duck , sweep he leg , grab he gun as he go down . deadpool roll over he , fire backward into the man 's face while spin up to smash he boot into the face of the second merc . he slide past , fire a burst backward into the merc 's neck as he fall . second later he 's leaping over the head of the next pair of merc . they turn to fire up at he - too slow . he fire short , control burst down into they upturn face . boom ! boom ! boom ! deadpool land , toss the empty smoking gun . then slowly , lovingly , unsheathes he katanas . ( continued ) 101 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 66 continued : ( 2 ) 66 deadpool be run forward now , weaving he way through the wreckage . hunting . 67 ext . scrapyard - day 67 colossus and angel dust engage in a battle royale . colossus grab angel Dust by the scruff of she neck and hurl she into a abandoned aircraft . crunch . angel Dust be on one knee , shake , dishevel , one breast hang out of she tear flak jacket . the prim colossus cover he eye . colossus uh ... you seem to have , um ... angel Dust smile , tuck the wayward boob back in , then blast colossus with a flying knee that generate SHOCK wave so powerful , colossus ' chrome actually ripples . colossus growl and charge again . CUT to : deadpool spin around a corner as another pair of merc move forward , gun raise . deadpool dive under they fire , gut they in blurred flash of steel . thrust ! slice ! impale ! complete mayhem . another trio of merc rush around the corner , open fire as they see they comrade fall . deadpool run toward they , flip and dodge like a whirling dervish , bring guard down in surgical , artistic fashion , as if where he 's kill they mean as much to he as how . two man converge on deadpool . he jump . mid-air , he flip he two katanas , grip they upside - down like ice pick , and stab down in a arc to either side , skewering two man through the top of they helmet . a final merc come around the corner and deadpool spin , slice the strap of he gun , kick the man in the chest , knock he flat on he back and sit on he face . deadpool tea-bag ! ( notice man under he ) Bob ?! bob Wade ?! ( continued ) 102 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 67 continued : 67 deadpool it 's be since ... jacksonville ! bob tgifridays . deadpool like the load potato skin . do not like you . bob ditto . deadpool rise and pull Bob to he foot . Bob try to draw a pistol but dp slap it out of he hand , send it skitter away . deadpool Bob , y'mind take a half - step right ? no , you right . never mind - deadpool knock Bob out with the sword 's grip , then nudge he sideways gently as he fall . at last , silence . deadpool step forward . then look up toward the carrier above , wave . deadpool ( cont 'd ) yoo-hoo ! from above , ajax peer down see that deadpool have kill he henchmen in such precise position that they fall body spell out : francis . deadpool move forward . limping . charree . tatter . but unbow . ajax that never get old . but neither will you . right on cue ... ... three more merc appear to either side of ajax , armed with heavy machine gun - much nastier than any we have yet see . boom -boom-boom -boom ! the guard OPEN FIRE , and a barrage of bullet rain down on the scrapyard , chew up the landscape around deadpool . ( continued ) 103 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 67 continued : ( 2 ) 67 deadpool sprint back toward cover , weaving , leaping , zig - zag to avoid be hit . he dive behind some wreckage as more gunfire ping off the metal . deadpool , poke he head up , draw a wither barrage of fire from the merc above . negasonic teenage warhead ( o.s. ) hey ! angle on : negasonic teenage warhead , also take cover , crouch under a break plane wing . negasonic teenage warhead ( cont 'd ) climb on . deadpool nod , then sprint toward she , spring high , flip , and land on he back , spread eagle on the wing . deadpool Light the candle ... ntw nonchalantly spit out she gum , crouch , and ... explode upward . the wing launch up in a shallow parabola , deadpool clinging for dear life on top . 68 ext . flight deck - continuous 68 four merc continue fire down as the wing soar up . the wing smashes into they . all four go flying . two end up dead under the wing . ajax be throw backward . one merc land , stunne , close to the edge . a long beat . ajax rise to he foot . then deadpool pull himself up over the edge of the carrier and roll onto the deck . he look like he 's be through a meat grinder - limping , scorched , bloody . deadpool stagger to he foot . the last injure merc lamely try to grab he ankle . deadpool you plan to trip I to death ? have fail . deadpool nonchalantly stab he through the back of the neck like a butterfly on a display , then turn to face ajax . ( continued ) 104 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 68 continued : 68 twenty meter away , ajax lean casually against ... what else ? the punch - BOWL . vanessa be strapped inside , lid open . deadpool ( cont 'd ) you be right , babe . ( wipe blood off sword ) Red be my color . vanessa Wade ? ajax ( tap glass ) what better way to climb back in you head ... deadpool you never leave . vanessa ( to deadpool ) but you do , asshole . ajax you two have a lot to work out . take a deep breath . wait . wrong choice ... ajax quickly close the lid and hit a switch . vanessa start take short , desperate gasp . ajax ( cont 'd ) ...of word . deadpool I hope they block pain to you every last nerve . ` Cause I be 'a go look . ajax squat down and pick up two steel -hafted FIRE - fighting axe , each with a ultra - sharp blade on one side of its head and a equally sharp claw on the other . deadpool raise a katana and hurl it not at ajax , but the punch -bowl . the blade penetrate the plexi and tear into the restraint hold vanessa 's right wrist , partly fraying it . AIR seep through the crack . vanessa catch a tiny breath . she tug on the fray restraint . ajax I hear you grow back part . when I get do ... part will have to grow back you . deadpool good one . ( continued ) 105 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 68 continued : ( 2 ) 68 a big booming sound from below and then the deck of the carrier shake as if from a mild earthquake . ajax and deadpool look at each other . shrug . deadpool ( cont 'd ) let 's dance . ( beat ) and by dance I mean try to kill each other . 69 ext . scrapyard - continuous 69 bam ! below , colossus deliver a haymaker from hell itself . angel Dust fall , then rise , rip off the wing of a plane , and blast colossus with it ... first like a baseball bat , then like a golf club , then like a county fair mallet you use to try to ring a bell . clang ! a batter ntw race toward angel Dust . angel Dust swing the wing , but ntw baseball slide under it and explode up into she chin . angel Dust be lift off she foot into the side of the carrier , buckling some of its support . ntw roll aside . 70 ext . flight deck - continuous 70 and now , we get what we have be long be wait for : the final close quarter battle between deadpool and ajax . axe versus . katana , ten stories up ... ajax take a mighty , roaring swing with a axe . deadpool yowww ! steel sing as axe and katana meet again and again . thrust . parry . SPARKS fly ! thunk ! deadpool 's blade pass through ajax 's thigh and pin he to a piece of wreckage . crack ! ajax tag deadpool 's head with the flat of a axe . SNAP ! ajax break the sword 's blade with a axe , not feel anything as he slide he leg off the sword . gasp ! vanessa grit she tooth , pull against the restraint . the thick nylon begin to tear as she saw it against the katana blade . ( continued ) 106 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 70 continued : 70 clang ! ajax wield both axe in a red blur of paint steel . deadpool snatch up a piece of rusted railing from the deck , barely block ajax 's windmill swing . finally , ajax smashes the length of rusty metal from deadpool 's hand with one axe , while the sharp claw end of the other bury itself in deadpool 's forearm . deadpool holler . deadpool 's red suit have tear away , and the skull of he tattoo bleed from a hole in its forehead . deadpool grit he teeth and yank the axe from ajax 's grasp . a spin kick send the second axe fly after the first . now they be completely unarm . ajax fine. fist . deadpool sound like you last Saturday night . ( smile ) the sense of humor survive . ajax and deadpool trade vicious punch . it 's hagler versus . hearn ! boom ! boom ! boom ! inspire , vanessa strain against the tear nylon . rrrrippp ! her right wrist tear free . she use she freed hand to start unlatch she other restraint . deadpool throw short , blind punch - rat -a- tat -tat - into ajax 's jaw . deadpool ( cont 'd ) since you can not feel it ? ( hold up a incisor ) I just knock out you tooth . ajax snarl , drive a shoulder into deadpool , then mount he and bludgeons he face with hammer - like fist . deadpool be start to lose consciousness when he turn he head to one side and spy the punch - BOWL . we rack focus to vanessa lock eye with he from inside . hers be a inspire ... and inspiring look of love . we hear a reprise of JOHN denver 's `I want to live . ' ( continued ) 107 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 70 continued : ( 2 ) 70 vanessa push against the seal door of the punchbowl with all she might . with a squeal of metal the latch break , the twisted metal fly off the lid as it slam open . vanessa grab the katana , jerk it free with another mighty effort . then slide down the container toward ajax . with a fierce scream , she plunge the blade into he kidney . the blade punch through the other side but ajax feel no pain , yank out the katana , and throws vanessa aside violently . but it 's all the opportunity deadpool need . he surge with energy and throw a thunderous uppercut , blasting ajax off . JOHN denver I want to liiiiiive ! 71 ext . scrapyard - day 71 below : whoosh , bam ! angel Dust duck a exhaust colossus 's punch and kick he through another steel support . colossus collapse . the carrier groans . angel Dust move in for the kill . only out of nowhere ... ... ntw strike she in the chop and explode , send the larger woman smashing into concrete with unprecedented force . now it 's angel Dust 's turn to be break , smoking , seemingly down for the count . ntw approach carefully to make certain it 's all over ... ... but angel Dust shoot out a arm and grab she ... drag she in close ... make to smash she head like a walnut . angel dust c'mere , ya little bitch . ntw fight back valiantly , punching fast and hard with flurries of ENERGY . angel Dust be scorched and batter by the blow , but she adrenaline and rage surge . she grab ntw around the neck , plant she into the ground ... ... and begin to choke the life out of she . ntw flail , can not break angel Dust 's grip ... ... but marshal she last remain energy to live up to she name ... ... and explode like a almighty warhead . boom ! CUT wide to a gargantuan explosion . ( continued ) 108 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 71 continued : 71 the ship shake violently , then start to list at a dangerous angle . 72 ext . flight deck / continuous 72 deadpool and ajax be trading blows again when the deck sways as if hit by a 9.0 EARTHQUAKE . then with a thunderous , shudder , groan of metal the whole carrier begin to tilt . loose wreckage begin to slide and tumble past . a shipping container barrel towards they and deadpool kick ajax backwards , right into its path . slam ! it plow into he and carry he with it as it disappear over the side . deadpool scramble and claw up the tilting floor and grab hold of vanessa . deadpool look around frantically ... ... and then spy the punch - BOWL , slide toward they . deadpool grab the side as it slide past and throw vanessa inside and shut the lid for protection ... they slam into the twisted metal railing at the bottom of the deck and hang there . deadpool swing by one hand and stare at the scrapyard below . huge chunks of metal slide and smash past to tumble to the ground a hundred foot below . vanessa hang onto deadpool for dear life , she eye lock on he ... vanessa if we survive this . I be gonna kill you . deadpool we have so much to catch up on . ... as the carrier topple in a avalanche of steel ! a epic collapse of shrieking metal . Flying glass . nearly seismic boom . a mushroom cloud of thick , black destruction . fade to black . 73 ext . scrapyard - rubble pile - day 73 Black . a crack of light appear , dust sifting down through the beam . ( continued ) 109 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 73 continued : 73 more light , more dust and debris patter down onto- some kind of scratch glass in front of the lens . finally a hole of bright sky fill the frame . CUT to : colossus vigorously tossing aside massive slab of steel as he dig through the wreckage , uncover the punch - BOWL , damage , but intact . the lid creak OPEN - push by vanessa 's trembling hand . vanessa climb out daze , dusty , cough . colossus you be ok . take it slow . elsewhere in the rubble pile deadpool 's head pop up from some debris , again , like the caddyshack gopher . deadpool I be good . deadpool be just staggering to he foot when ajax emerge from under another beam and tackle he . deadpool ( cont 'd ) '' caramba ! ( subtitle , in yellow : ) for heaven 's sake ! the impact send they both fly , roll , over the edge of a metal container . they fall lock together , punch and grapple . they bounce / slide down the pile of rubble . deadpool get the better of the grapple and land on ajax 's chest . he go to town with vicious forearm and elbow . deadpool ( cont 'd ) wham ! wham ! wham ! bam ! bam ! bam . bam . you can feel deadpool 's adrenalize catharsis . ajax try to block -crack ! deadpool shatter he elbow . ajax other fist swing round , tag deadpool , but he catch it , wrap it tight - SNAP ! ajax finally go limp , both arm bent in horribly wrong direction . deadpool ( cont 'd ) ( thrilled / exhaust ) there be no word . ( continued ) 110 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 73 continued : ( 2 ) 73 deadpool pull out blind al 's saturday night special and aim it right between ajax 's eye . deadpool ( cont 'd ) I and you be head to fix this face . or else ... deadpool place a piece of paper onto ajax 's chest . ajax shake off the cobweb and examine the paper ; it 's deadpool 's crayon drawing of ajax get he brain blow out . ajax actually laugh . ajax sorry . it 's just . all this time , you buy that I have the cure ? I be flatter . but do I really look like the scientist type ? you want the guy behind the guy . his name 's Dr. killebrew . and he 's long go . who know where . deadpool um. what ? ajax you hear I . deadpool you mean to say , after five long year , I have be chase the wrong monkey ? ajax sound even stupider when you say it . deadpool like the kind of stupid who admit he can not do the one thing I be keep he alive for ? ( chamber a round ) any last word ? good . I get one : ( pull back the hammer ) Francis . colossus ( o.s. ) Wade ! deadpool turn to see colossus , hand on hip , look extra heroic . negasonic teenage warhead be stand at he side . colossus ( cont 'd ) four or five moment . ( continued ) 111 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 73 continued : ( 3 ) 73 deadpool I be sorry ? colossus four or five moment . that 's all it take ... deadpool to ...? colossus be a hero . everyone think it 's a full time job . wake up a hero . brush you tooth a hero . go to work a hero . not true . over a lifetime , there be only four or five moment that really matter . moment when you be offer a choice . to make a sacrifice . conquer a flaw . save a friend . spare a enemy . deadpool continue to hold the pistol to ajax 's head . colossus ( cont 'd ) in that moment , everything else fall away . the way the world see we . the way we see oursel - boom ! off - screen , a gunshot . colossus ( cont 'd ) ( dry-heave again ) huuugglh ! why ! reverse angle to deadpool , who 's just shot ajax in the head with blind Al 's saturday night special . deadpool you be dron on ! ( shrug ) I may be stick look like pepperoni flatbread , but at least we have hear the last of he . if wear super- hero tight mean spare psychopath , maybe I be not mean to wear `em . not everyone monitor a hall like you . colossus just promise - deadpool I will be on the lookout for the next four moment . ( more ) ( continued ) 112 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 73 continued : ( 4 ) 73 deadpool ( cont 'd ) ( peer between colossus and ntw ) now if you will excuse I . I be just a boy ... about to stand in front of a girl ... and tell she - what the fuck be I gonna tell she ?! CUT to : deadpool 's p.o.v. between colossus and ntw of vanessa , who 's now walk quickly toward he . she brushes between the two x-man and without say a word , grab the fall pistol and pump two extra bullet into ajax 's corpse . vanessa ( bang ) gratuitous . ( bang ) Worth it . deadpool ( to camera ) anyone else turn on ? ( to vanessa ) that 's what I love about y- vanessa promptly punch deadpool in the face . deadpool ( cont 'd ) I totally deserve that ! ( get punch again ) that too ! ( ward off knee ) maybe not the nether . vanessa restrain herself , then turn her back , overcome . vanessa start talk . deadpool I be so sorry . for leave . and take so long to cowboy up . it 's be a rough few year . vanessa ( snort , dismissive ) Rough ? deadpool I live in a crack house . with a family of twelve . at night , we spoon for warmth . everyone fight for noelle . she 's the fattest . ( more ) ( continued ) 113. deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 73 continued : ( 5 ) 73 deadpool ( cont 'd ) there 's nothing we do not share . floor space . Dental floss . condom . vanessa so you live in a house ! ( turn to face he ) deadpool I woulda find you before now . but the guy behind this mask be not the same guy you remember . vanessa you mean this mask ? deadpool flinch but do not stop vanessa from slowly , gently take off he mask , revealing underneath ... hugh jackman 's `sexiest man alive ' people magazine cover . blood at the pierce point . mouth / eye cut out to make a `mask . ' deadpool and this one . in case the other fall off . vanessa you mean like this ? vanessa start pulling out staple . deadpool oo. ah. quicker - like a bandaid ! owww - di 5000 . one last staple remain . vanessa hesitates . deadpool ( cont 'd ) sure ? vanessa sure I be sure . she pull it out . the photo fall , revealing deadpool 's scar . and two vulnerable , misty eye . a beat . vanessa ( cont 'd ) ew . deadpool ( devastate ) I understand . ( continued ) 114 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 73 continued : ( 6 ) 73 vanessa ( smile ) kidding ! get over yourself ! I would hit that shit . deadpool you already do . ( rub chin ) twice . seriously ? vanessa ( nod ) after a brief adjustment period and one or two drink . ( smile ) it 's a face ... I would be happy to sit on . vanessa hook deadpool 's pinkie with hers , pull he in to kiss he . deadpool I be also not the same under this pants . ( whisper ) super-penis . deadpool and vanessa be about to kiss when ... negasonic teenage warhead ( o.s. ) 1975 call . deadpool realize colossus and ntw be still stand watching . negasonic teenage warhead ( cont 'd ) it want its peep show back . deadpool gah ! what the hell be you two still do here ?! ( to colossus ) you , go clean some chalk - board eraser , or be a ... really Big brother , or teach fat kid to eat lettuce . ( to ntw ) and you , Chicken noodle . well ... ( freeze ) I feel something stupid come on . ( bounce ) gaaaaaaahhhhhh ! ( continued ) 115 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 73 continued : ( 7 ) 73 negasonic teenage warhead it 's alright . ( beat , tiniest of smile ) you be cool . deadpool ( stare , elate ) I be ?! omigod . that. was. not. mean ! seriously , guy , it be a pleasure . for a second there , we feel like ... like ... ( we expect `family ' ) ... five mini lion robot form a large super robot . negasonic teenage warhead there 's the stupid . deadpool now , I mean it , both of you , fire up the blackbird and shoo ! scram ! vamoose ! skedaddle ! do not make I keep think of this ! they smile , shake they head , and walk off . deadpool turn back to vanessa . deadpool ( cont 'd ) where be we , darlin ' ? oh , riiight . the best part . deadpool kiss vanessa . the little kiss become a bigger one . then ... fade up from nowhere , with a slightly tinny quality ... we hear wham !'s `careless whisper . ' vanessa pull back , puzzle . deadpool raise he android . on the crack and dirty screen , George 's and Andrew 's face beam from wham !'s `make it big ' album cover . deadpool ( cont 'd ) ` wham ! ' as promise . the two share the longest kiss yet . deadpool ( v.o. ) see , life can smell like daffodil daydream . so if you be sit out there in you own personal punch - bowl . Ms. mama June on you tongue . find someone to hold ... and someone to hold on to you . life 's next little train wreck ... 116 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 74 int . new workshop - day 74 deadpool ( v.o. ) .. will be so much easier if you do . we find ourselves in a new , spiffier version of the workshop , where a lab technician be strapping down a new sickly volunteer /victim . deadpool ( v.o. ) which bring we to shittiest moment number 1 ! the guy behind the guy , Dr. killebrew , off scot-free . a silhouetted figure approach the bed of the nervous volunteer , who smile weakly . volunteer can you make I better ? reverse angle to reveal whom he 's talk to : the pudgy , kindly - looking doctor who stroked wade's head in the workshop . he smile , pat the volunteer 's wrist . dr . killebrew better than better . deadpool ( v.o. ) but let 's look on the bright side . ( sniff ) you smell what I smell ? I mean besides stale popcorn and my post - fight man-funk ? Dr. killebrew hold up a syringe with a glint in he eye . deadpool ( v.o. ) sequel . maybe even one of that ensemble team movie ... 75 ext . scrapyard - rubble pile - day 75 deadpool and vanessa make out like crazy , long and hard . we slowly pull back until they look SMALL against the topple hulk of the combat carrier . deadpool ( v.o. ) so , `til next time , this be you friendly neighborhood pool guy say ... I be never gonna dance again ... the way I dance with you . wham belt out `careless whisper ' as we roll credit . 117 . deadpool final shoot script 11/16/15 v76 int . suburban home - day - post credit sequence v76 a hallway of a suburban home . deadpool enter in a maroon and gray stripe robe . deadpool ( short version ) you be still here ? it 's over ! go home . wait ... you expect a tease for deadpool 2 ?! sorry , we be low on dough . but if you can keep a secret , I can tell you who 's gonna be in it . cable ! someone suggest mel Gibson for the role , buuuut - I be think liam neeson . only problem , liam like to get pay . and more for liam mean less for I . maybe we will crowdfund the shit . just you and I , kid . shalom ! deadpool ( cont 'd ) ( long version ) you be still here ? it 's over ! go home . wait ... you expect a tease for deadpool 2 ?! maybe a little Samuel L. Jackson ? sorry , that budget go to weasel 's ketamine habit . but if you can keep a secret , I can tell you who 's gonna be in it . cable ! you be allow to show you pleasure . I would love liam neeson for the role , but liam like to get pay . and more for liam mean less for I . so we would best crowdfund the shit . depend on you level of give , you could receive a colossus -brand desktop steel - ball clacker , a dwayne ` the rock ' Johnson real doll , or four minute alone in a room with Charlie sheen . donate now ! and shalom ! smash CUT to black : deadpool ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( a la ferris ) boom , boom , chicka chickah ...