int . welton academy hallway - day a young boy , dress in a school uniform and cap , fidget as he mother adjust he tie . mother now remember , keep you shoulder back . a student open up a case and remove a set of bagpipe . the young boy and he brother line up for a photograph photographer okay , put you arm around you brother . that 's it . and breathe in . the young boy blink as the flash go off . photographr okay , one more . a old man light a single candle . a teacher go over the old man 's duty . teacher now just to review , you be go to follow along the procession until you get to the headmaster . at that point he will indicate to you to light the candle of the boy . man all right boy , let 's settle down . the various boy , include neil , knox , and cameron , line up hold banner . ahead of they be the old man , follow by the boy with the bagpipe with the two youngest boy at the front . man banner up . the boy hoist the banner and the bagpipe begin to play loudly . the small group march out of the room and down a set of stair into a church . the pews be fill with student and parent while the teacher , all dress in robe , be seat at the front of the church behind the headmaster . the boy break off to either side at the front of the church . the bagpipe cease and the headmaster , mr . nolan , walk over to the old man carry the candle . mr nolan lady and gentleman , boy , the light of knowledge . a organ begin to play as the old man go forward with shaking hand to the young boy in the front pew . each boy be hold a candle and he bend over to light the first one . each boy in turn light the candle of the boy next to he . mr nolan one hundred year ago , in 1859 , 41 boy sit in this room and be ask the same question that greet you at the start of each semester . gentlemen , what be the four pillar ? all throughout the pews , uniform boy rise to they foot . todd , who be not wear a uniform , be urge by he father to stand with they . boy tradition , honor , discipline , excellence . the boy quickly return to they seat . mr nolan in she first year , welton Academy graduate five student . last year we graduate fifty - one . and more than seventy - five percent of that go on to the ivy League . this , this kind of accomplishment be the result of fervent dedication to the principle teach here . this be why you parent have be send we you son . this be why we be the best preparatory school in the United States . Mr. nolan soak up the applause from the audience . mr nolan as you know , we beloved Mr. portius of the English department retire last term . you will have the opportunity later to meet he replacement , Mr. John keating , himself a graduate of this school . and who , for the past several year , have be teach at the highly regard Chester School in London . the crowd applaud once again . ext . school ground - day the school lawn be a fill with luggage , student , and parent mull about in every direction . int church entrance - day Mr nolan stand by the entrance , speak with each family as they leave . mr nolan glad you could come by . mr anderson thrill ceremony as usual Dr. nolan . mr nolan you have be away too long . mrs anderson hello Dr. nolan . mr nolan good to have you back . mrs anderson this be we youngest , Todd . mr nolan Mr. Anderson . you have some big shoe to fill , young man . you brother be one of we finest . todd thank you . Todd and he parent leave while other file past Mr. nolan . woman Lovely ceremony . mr nolan thank you . so glad you like it . mr perry approach with he son Neil . he shake Mr. nolan 's hand . mr perry gale mr nolan Tom mr perry good to see you again . neil hello Mr. nolan . mr nolan Neil . we expect great thing from you this year . neil thank you , sir . mr perry well he will not disappoint we . right Neil ? neil I will do my best sir . ext school ground - day a bell toll . Parents begin wishing they boy farewell . father hey , come on son . mother Chin up . father no tear now . boy okay . mother Chin up . another boy hug he mother . boy I do not want to go here . mother you be a good boy and do you lesson . ext school ground - day Neil emerge from a building and see Todd . neil hey , I hear we be gonna be roommate . he shake Todd 's hand . neil I be Neil perry . todd Todd Anderson . neil why would you leave balincrest ? todd my brother go here . neil oh , so you be that Anderson . int dormatory - day dr . hager be stand in he room doorway while spaz and he father be go over some last minute precaution over the boy 's allergy . spaz 's father hand hager various bottle . father this be for sinuse . oh , and if he can not swallow you give he one of this . and if he have trouble breathe you can give he some of that . hager all right fine . Dr. hager take the bottle and quickly back into he room , shutting the door . father ( to son ) do you remember you vaporizer ? spaz yes , I put it in my room . spaz 's father try to say something else to Dr. hager but realize he have already go . int hallway - day Neil push he way through a crowd of boy , carry two suitcase . as he enter he room , knox quickly pass by . knox hey , how 's it go Neil ? neil hey knox . cameron come by and lean against the doorway . cameron Neil , study group tonight ? neil yeah , sure . cameron Business as usual , huh ? hey , I hear you get the new kid . look like a stiff ! he begin laugh when he notice Todd come into the room . cameron oops ! cameron quickly leave . Neil try to keep from laugh as Todd enter the room and set he luggage down on he bed . neil listen , do not mind cameron . he be bear with he foot in he mouth . you know what I mean ? he pull some papers from he blazer pocket and playfully whacks Todd across the back with it . charlie come to the door with a smug expression on he face . knox and meek be close behind he . he point at Neil charlie rumor have it , you do summer school . neil yep. chemistry . my father think I should get ahead . how be you summer slick ? charlie keen . the boy enter the room . Charlie turn around and look at meek who be just enter . charlie meek . door. close . meek yes sir . neil gentlemen , what be the four pillar ? boy travesty . horror. decadence . excrement . Charlie make himself comfortable on Neil 's bed and light up a cigarette . meanwhile , Todd be by he bed unpack he luggage . charlie okay , study group . meek ace Latin . I do not quite flunk English . so , if you want , we have get we study group . neil sure . cameron ask I too . anyone mind include he ? charlie hmm , what 's he specialty , boot-lick ? neil come on , he 's you roommate . charlie that 's not my fault . meek seem to notice Todd for the first time . meek oh , I be sorry , my name be Steven meek . Neil quickly get up from he spot by the window . neil oh , this be Todd Anderson . Todd turn around and shake hand with meek . meek Nice to meet you . todd Nice to meet you . charlie Charlie dalton . Charlie continue to lay on the bed , look smug . knox extend a hand . knox knox overstreet . neil Todd 's brother be Jeffrey Anderson . charlie oh yeah , sure . valedictorian . National merit scholar . meek oh well , welcome to Hell - ton . charlie it 's every bit as tough as they say , unless you be a genius like meek . meek he flatter I . that 's why I help he with Latin . charlie and English , and trig . Charlie begin cough . there be a knock at the door . Charlie quickly stamp out he cigarette on the floor and Neil try to wave the smoke from the air . neil it 's open . the door open and Mr. perry walk into the room . Neil quickly rise from the window . neil Father , I think you would go . the other boy stand up when he enter . boy Mr. perry . mr perry keep you seat fellow , keep you seat . Neil , I have just speak to Mr. nolan . I think that you be take too many extra curricular activity this semester , and I have decide that you should drop the school annual . neil but I be the assistant editor this year . mr perry well I be sorry Neil . neil but Father , I can not . it would not be fair . mr perry fellas , would you excuse we for a moment ? Mr. perry walk towards the door and Neil hesitantly follow . Mr. perry pause by the door and smile to the other boy . int . hallway - day the smile have go from Mr. perry 's face . he grab a hold of Neil 's arm . mr perry do not you ever dispute I in public . do you understand ? neil Father , I be not dispute - mr perry after you have finish medical school and you be on you own , then you can do as you damn well please . but until then , you do as I tell you . be that clear ? neil yes sir . I be sorry . mr perry you know how much this mean to you mother , do not you ? neil yes sir . you know I , always take on too much . mr perry well , that 's my boy . now listen , you need anything , you let we know , huh ? neil yes sir . Mr. perry slap he son on the shoulder and leave . Neil lean he head back against the wall as the other boy emerge from the room . charlie why do not he let you do what you want ? knox yeah Neil , tell he off . it could not get any worse . neil oh , that 's rich . like you guy tell you parent off , Mr. future lawyer and Mr. future banker . charlie okay , so I do not like it any more than you do . neil well just do not tell I how to talk to my father . you guy be the same way . knox all right , all right , Jesus . so what be you go to do ? neil what I have to do . Drop the annual . charlie well I would not lose much sleep over it . it 's just a bunch of jerk try to impress nolan . neil I do not care . I do not give a damn about any of it . meek well , uh , Latin , eight o' clock in my room ? neil yes . meek Todd , you be welcome to join we . knox yeah , come along pal . Todd look up from he desk where he be set he alarm clock . todd thanks . ext . field - day a clock bell chime five o'clock . enormous flock of bird , apparently disturb by the noise , take to the sky . int . staircase - day the sound of squawk bird merge into the sound of noisy boy as they descend the stair in a long spiralling line . mr . mcallister try to make it upstairs against the steady stream . mcallister slow down boy , slow down you horrible phalanx of pubescense . int chemistry lab - day a teacher walk up and down the aisle , hand out book . teacher pick three laboratory experiment from the project list and report on they every five week . the first twenty question at the end of chapter one be due tomorrow . the student let out a collective groan . int . latin classroom - day Mr. mcallister pace back and forth in front of the blackboard and get the student to repeat everything he say . mcallister ( student repeat after each word . ) agricolam . agricola . agricolae . agricolarum . agricolis . agricolas . agrilcolis . again , please . agricola . int . math classroom - day Dr. hager walk up the classroom aisle with he arm behind he back . hager you study of trigonometry require absolute precision . anyone fail to turn in any homework assignment will be penalize one point off they final grade . let I urge you now not to test I on this point . int . keating's classroom - day student enter keating 's classroom , talk and act up . keating glance out from he room off to one side . knox hey spaz , spaz . spaz turn around in time to be hit by a ball of crumpled up paper while cameron smack he on the shoulder . cameron Brain damage . the student quickly quiet down as keating emerge from the other room , whistling the 1812 overture . he walk up the length of the classroom and out the door without a word . the student look around at one another , uncertain of what to do . keating poke he head back in the doorway . keating well come on . he gesture they to follow and the student , after some hesitation , grab they book and follow keating out into the main entranceway . int . entranceway - day keating stand before the school 's trophy cabinet and wait until all the boy arrive . keating " oh Captain , my Captain " who know where that come from ? Todd look up as if he know the answer , but say nothing . spaz blow he nose a little too close to meek for he like . keating not a clue ? it 's from a poem by Walt Whitman about Mr. abraham lincoln . now in this class you can call I Mr. keating . or , if you be slightly more dare , oh Captain , my Captain . the student laugh slightly . keating now let I dispel a few rumor so they do not fester into fact . yes , I too attend Hell - ton and survive . and no , at that time I be not the mental giant you see before you . I be the intellectual equivalent of a ninety - eight pound weakling . I would go to the beach and people would kick copy of Byron in my face . the boy laugh once again , while cameron , obviously try to write all this down , look around confusedly . keating look down at papers in he hand . keating now , Mr pitt . that 's a rather unfortunate name . Mr. pitt , where be you ? pitt raise he hand while everyone around he snicker . keating Mr. pitt , would you open you hymnal to page 542 and read the first stanza of the poem you find there ? pitt " to the virgin , to make much of time " ? keating yes , that 's the one . somewhat appropriate , be not it . pitt " Gather ye rosebud while ye may , old time be still a fly , and this same flower that smile today , tomorrow will be die . " keating thank you Mr. pitt . " Gather ye rosebud while ye may . " the Latin term for that sentiment be carpe diem . now who know what that mean ? meek immediately put he hand up . meek carpe diem . that 's " seize the day . " keating very good , Mr. - meek meek . keating meek . another unusual name . seize the day . Gather ye rosebud while ye may . why do the writer use this line ? charlie because he 's in a hurry . keating no , ding ! keating slam he hand down on a imaginary buzzer . keating thank you for play anyway . because we be food for worm lad . because , believe it or not , each and every one of we in this room be one day go to stop breathe , turn cold , and die . keating turn towards the trophy case , fill with trophy , football , and team picture . keating now I would like you to step forward over here and peruse some of the face from the past . you have walk past they many time . I do not think you have really look at they . the student slowly gather round the case and keating move behind they . keating they be not that different from you , be they ? same haircut . full of hormone , just like you . invincible , just like you feel . the world be they oyster . they believe they be destine for great thing , just like many of you . they eye be full of hope , just like you . do they wait until it be too late to make from they life even one iota of what they be capable ? because you see gentlmen , this boy be now fertilize daffodil . but if you listen real close , you can hear they whisper they legacy to you . go on , lean in . the boy lean in and keating hover over cameron 's shoulder . keating ( whisper in a gruff voice ) carpe . cameron look over he shoulder with a aggravate expression on he face . keating hear it ? ( whisper again ) carpe . carpe diem . seize the day boy , make you life extraordinary . the boy stare at the face in the cabinet in silence . ext . school step - day the boy emerge from the school , load down with numerous book . pitt that be weird . neil but different . knox spooky if you ask I . cameron think he will test we on that stuff ? charlie come on cameron , do not you get anything ? cameron what ? what ? int . locker room - evening a coach stick he head around the corner into the room . coach let 's go boy , hustle up in here . that mean you dalton . meek emerge from the shower , drying himself off . meek okay , who 's up for a trig study group tonight guy ? pitt me. neil me. charlie ( still annoyed by what the coach say ) what ? knox I can not make it guy . I have to have dinner at the danburry 's house . pitt the danburry 's ? who be the danburry 's ? cameron Big alumn . how would you swing that ? knox Friends of my dad 's . they be probably in they ninety or something . charlie ooh ! neil anything 's better than Hell - ton hash . charlie I will second that . knox yeah we will see . Neil approach Todd , who 's be sit by the window stare down at the floor . Neil snap he finger to get Todd 's attention . neil hey , you come to the study group tonight ? todd uh , no , no I , uh , I have get some history I wanna do . neil suit yourself . int . todd be room - evening Todd be seat at he desk . he scrawl " carpe diem " across a blank page of he notebook . he look at it for a few moment before crumpling it up and open up he chemistry book . int . entranceway - night hager come down the stair . knox be look at one of the old class photo on the wall . hager ready overstreet ? knox reluctantly follow after Dr. hager . knox ready to go sir . ext . road - night the car leave welton and drive towards the danburry 's house . int / ext danburry house - night the doorbell ring . mrs danburry ( o.s. ) Chet , can you get that ? chet ( o.s. ) I can not , Mom . CHRIS ( o.s. ) I will get it . the door open and knox be awe -struck by the beautiful girl ( CHRIS ) who have answer the door . CHRIS can I help you ? knox manage to break out of he daze . knox hi. knox overstreet . uh , Dr. hager . CHRIS hi. knox this be the danburry 's , right ? CHRIS be you here to see Chet ? knox Mrs. danburry ? Chris begin to laugh as Mrs. danburry arrive behind she . CHRIS no . mrs danburry sorry . thank you Chris . I be Mrs. danburry . you must be knox . knox yes . mrs danburry ( to Dr. hager ) back by nine . ( to knox ) please come in . chet ( o.s. ) Chris , come on , what be you do ? CHRIS Chet , I be come . knox enter the house , he mind still hang up on Chris as mr danburry come out of the live room to meet he . mr danburry knox . how be you ? Joe danburry . knox Nice to meet you sir . mr danburry well he 's the spitting image of he father , be not he . how be he ? come on in . chet ( o.s. ) Chris ! knox he 's great . he just do a big case for GM . CHRIS ( o.s. ) I be come . mr danburry I know where you be head , like father like son , huh ? int . student lounge - night several student be throw dart at a small rubber skeleton hang from the bulletin board . various student be study and play game . meek and pitt be sit at one table work on they " hi- fi system " . meek be wave a antenna around with no luck . pitt point out to he that he forget to plug it in . Neil , cameron , and Charlie be work on they trig homework . cameron just replace this number here with " x " , for " x " and " y " . neil of course . cameron of course , so what 's the problem ? Charlie enter the room and close the door behind he , lean up against it heavily . charlie how be dinner ? knox huh ? charlie how be dinner ? knox terrible . awful . he leave the door and sit down with the other boy . charlie why ? what happen ? knox tonight , I meet the most beautiful girl in my entire life . neil be you crazy ? what 's wrong with that ? knox she 's practically engage . to Chet danburry . charlie that guy could eat a football . pitt that 's too bad . knox too bad ? it 's worse than too bad pitsie , it 's a tragedy . a girl this beautiful in love with such a jerk . pitt all the good one go for jerk , you know that . cameron ahh , forget she . open you trig book and try and figure out problem five . knox I can not just forget she cameron . and I can not think about trig . the radio meek and pitt be work on begin let out a high pitch hum . pitt we get it . meek Holy cow . Mr. hager walk into the room . hager all right gentleman , five minute . let 's go . the student quickly pack up they gear and prepare to leave . pitt try to hide the radio in he lap . Charlie lean in close to knox . charlie do you see she naked ? knox very funny dalton . hager that would not be a radio in you lap , would it Mr. pitt ? pitt no sir . Science experiment , radar . meek hold up the antenna as if demonstrate it . int . keating's classroom - day keating sit at he desk at the front of the classroom and open up one of he book . keating gentlemen , open you text to page twenty - one of the introduction . Mr. perry , will you read the open paragraph of the preface , entitle " understand poetry " ? neil understand poetry , by Dr. J. Evans pritchard , ph.d . to fully understand poetry , we must first be fluent with its meter , rhyme , and figure of speech . then ask two question : one , how artfully have the objective of the poem be render , and two , how important be that objective . question one rate the poem 's perfection , question two rate its importance . and once this question have be answer , determine a poem 's great become a relatively simple matter . keating get up from he desk and prepare to draw on the chalk board . neil if the poem 's score for perfection be plotted along the horizontal of a graph , and its importance be plotted on the vertical , then calculate the total area of the poem yield the measure of its greatness . keating draw a corresponding graph on the board and the student dutifully copy it down . neil a sonnet by Byron may score high on the vertical , but only average on the horizontal . a shakespearean sonnet , on the other hand , would score high both horizontally and vertically , yield a massive total area , thereby revealing the poem to be truly great . as you proceed through the poetry in this book , practice this rating method . as you ability to evaluate poem in this matter grow , so will - so will you enjoyment and understanding of poetry . Neil set the book down and take off he glass . the student sit across from he be discretely try to eat . keating turn away from the chalkboard with a smile . keating excrement . that 's what I think of Mr. J. Evans pritchard . we be not lay pipe , we be talk about poetry . cameron look down at the graph he copy into he note and quickly scribbles it out . keating I mean , how can you describe poetry like american bandstand ? I like Byron , I give he a 42 , but I can not dance to it . Charlie suddenly appear to become interested in the class . keating now I want you to rip out that page . the student look at keating as if he have just go mad . keating go on , rip out the entire page . you hear I , rip it out . rip it out ! Charlie look around at the other . he then look down at he own note , which consist of draw breast . keating go on , rip it out . Charlie rip the page out and hold it up . keating thank you Mr. dalton . gentlemen , tell you what , do not just tear out that page , tear out the entire introduction . I want it go , history . leave nothing of it . rip it out . rip ! begone J. Evans pritchard , Ph.D. rip , shred , tear . rip it out . I want to hear nothing but rip of Mr. pritchard . meek look around reluctantly and then finally begin tear out page . keating we will perforate it , put it on a roll . keating see cameron still hesitate . keating it 's not the bible , you be not go to go to hell for this . go on , make a clean tear , I want nothing leave of it . keating go over to he room . cameron turn around to Neil . cameron we should not be do this . neil rip , rip , rip ! Neil make cameron turn back around . keating ( o.s. ) rip it out , rip ! from outside the classroom , Mr. mcallister hear all the noise and see all the student rip out the page . he burst into the room . mcallister what the hell be go on here ? the boy all turn around in shock . Charlie stuff a crumpled page into he mouth . keating emerge from he room with a waste paper basket . keating I do not hear enough rip . mcallister Mr. keating . keating Mr. mcallister . mcallister I be sorry , I - I do not know you be here . keating I be . mcallister ahh , so you be . Excuse I . Mr. mcallister slowly back out of the classroom . keating keep rip gentleman . this be a battle , a war . and the casualty could be you heart and soul . keating hold out the basket to Charlie who spit out a wad of paper . keating thank you Mr. dalton . army of academic go forward , measure poetry . no , we will not have that here . no more of Mr. J. Evans pritchard . now in my class you will learn to think for yourselves again . you will learn to savor word and language . no matter what anybody tell you , word and idea can change the world . I see that look in Mr. Pitt 's eye , like nineteenth century literature have nothing to do with go to business school or medical school . right ? maybe . Mr. hopkins , you may agree with he , think " yes , we should simply study we Mr. pritchard and learn we rhyme and meter and go quietly about the business of achieve other ambition . " I have a little secret for ya . huddle up . huddle up ! the boy get up from they seat and gather around keating in the center of the class . keating we do not read and write poetry because it 's cute . we read and write poetry because we be member of the human race . and the human race be fill with passion . Medicine , law , business , engineering , this be all noble pursuit , and necessary to sustain life . but poetry , beauty , romance , love , this be what we stay alive for . to quote from Whitman : " o I , of life of the question of this recur , of the endless train of the faithless , of city fill with the foolish . what good amid this , of I , of life ? answer : that you be here . that life exist , and identity . that the powerful play go on , and you may contribute a verse . that the powerful play go on and you may contribute a verse . keating look up at Todd . keating what will you verse be ? int . head of cafeteria - day the cafeteria be fill with student and teacher stand before the table say grace . all for what we be about to receive , may the Lord make we truly grateful . amen . Mr. keating and Mr. mcallister be seat next to one another at the table . mcallister quite a interesting class you give today , Mr. keating . keating I be sorry if I shocked you , Mr. mcallister . mcallister oh , there 's no need to apologize . it be very fascinating , misguide though it be . keating you think so ? mcallister you take a big risk by encourage they to be artist John . when they realize they be not rembrandts , shakespeare or mozart , they will hate you for it . keating we be not talk artist George , we be talk free thinker . mcallister free thinker at seventeen ? keating funny , I never peg you as a cynic . mcallister ( take aback by the comment ) not a cynic , a realist . show I the heart unfetter by foolish dream , and I will show you a happy man . keating but only in they dream can man be truly free . ' twas always thus , and always thus will be . mcallister tennyson ? keating no , keating . keating wink and Mr. mcallister can not help but laugh . int . cafeteria table - day Neil join the other at the table . he pull out a yearbook . neil hey , I find he senior annual in the library . he hand the annual over to cameron who laugh at the young picture of keating . neil listen to this , captain of the soccer team , editor of the school annual , Cambridge bound , thigh man , and the Dead poet Society . cameron ( read from the annual ) man most likely to do anything . charlie thigh man . Mr. k be a hell - raiser . knox what 's the Dead poet Society ? neil I do not know . meek be there a picture in the annual ? neil nothing . no other mention of it . mr. nolan ( o.s. ) that boy there , see I after lunch . cameron quickly put the annual away and the other all return to they meal . ext . welton ground - day keating be walk down towards the lake , whistling the same tune as before . the boy emerge from the building and chase after he . neil Mr. keating ? Mr. keating ? sir? oh Captain , my Captain ? keating immediately turn around . keating gentlemen . neil we be just look in you old annual . he hand keating the annual and keating look at he old photograph . keating oh my God . no , that 's not I . stanley " the tool " Wilson - keating crouch down and continue look through the book . keating God . Neil crouch down next to keating . neil what be the Dead poet Society ? keating I doubt the present administration would look too favorably upon that . neil why ? what be it ? keating gentlemen , can you keep a secret ? neil sure . the other boy crouch down around keating . keating the Dead poet be dedicated to suck the marrow out of life . that 's a phrase from thoreau that we would invoke at the beginning of each meeting . you see we would gather at the old indian cave and take turn read from thoreau , Whitman , shelley ; the biggy . even some of we own verse . and in the enchantment of the moment we would let poetry work its magic . knox you mean it be a bunch of guy sit around read poetry ? keating no Mr. overstreet , it be not just " guy " , we be not a Greek organization , we be romantics . we do not just read poetry , we let it drip from we tongue like honey . spirit soar , woman swoon , and god be create , gentleman , not a bad way to spend a evening eh ? thank you Mr. perry for this trip down amnesia lane . burn that , especially my picture . keating hand the annual back and walk away , whistling once again . Neil remain crouch . neil Dead poet Society . cameron what ? the school bell begin ringing and everyone head back towards the school . Neil stand up . neil I say we go tonight . charlie tonight ? cameron wait a minute . pitt where 's this cave he 's talk about ? neil it 's beyond the stream . I know where it be . pitt that 's mile . cameron sound boring to I . charlie do not go . cameron you know how many de -merit we be talk dalton charlie so do not come , please . cameron look , all I be say be that we have to be careful , we can not get catch . charlie no shit , sherlock . hager ( yell ) you boy there , hurry up . Neil turn around and face the other boy . neil all right , who 's in ? cameron come on Neil , hager 's right - neil forget hager , no . who 's in ? charlie I be in . hager ( o.s. ) I be warning you , move . cameron I too . pitt I do not know Neil neil what ? pitt - charlie pitsie , come on . meek his grade be hurt Charlie . neil you can help he meek . pitt what be this , a midnight study group ? neil forget it pitt , you be come . meek , be you grade hurt too ? meek I will try anything once . charlie except sex . meek ha ha ha . cameron I mean as long as we be careful . the boy run into the building . charlie what about you knox ? knox I do not know Charlie . charlie come on knox , it will help you get Chris . knox yeah ? how ? charlie woman swoon . Charlie laugh and run inside . knox chase after he . knox but why do they swoon ? Charlie , tell I why they swoon . Charlie ! int library - day the boy be all gather around one of the table with a map laid out on it . neil ( whisper ) okay , follow the stream to the waterfall . it 's right there . it 's get to be on the bank . cameron I do not know , it 's start to sound dangerous . charlie well , why do not you stay home ? mcallister for God 's sake stop chatter and sit down . the boy take they seat once again and Neil go over and sit next to Todd , who be sit by himself . neil Todd , be you come tonight ? todd no. neil why not ? God , you be there . you hear keating . do not you want to do something about it ? todd yes , but - neil but ? but what ? todd keating say that everybody take turn read and I do not want to do that . neil gosh , you really have a problem with that , do not you ? todd N - no , I do not have a problem . Neil , I just - I just do not want to do it , okay ? neil all right . what if you do not have to read ? what if you just come and listen ? todd that 's not how it work . neil forget how it work . what if - what if they say it be okay ? todd what ? what be you gonna do , go up and ask they ? Neil shrug . todd no. no , Neil . neil I will be right back . todd Neil , Neil ! Neil get up and rejoin the other . mcallister hear the boy whisper again . mcallister oh shut up , will you . int bathroom - night various boy be crowded around the sink get ready for bed . someone be play snake charmer music on a kazoo while someone else be bother spaz with a red sock puppet act like a snake . spaz that 's my - that 's for my asthma , okay . could you give that back please ? could you give that back ? boy what 's the matter ? do not you like snake ? Neil enter and tap Todd on the shoulder . neil you be in . spaz get away from I , okay ? boy spaz , why do not you check you pocket , huh ? come on spaz I have to brush my tooth spaz get a - get off , hager walk past the bathroom and into he room . hager cut out that racket in there . the kazoo player let out a rude squeek before finally stop . hager glare at they for a moment . int neil bedroom - night Neil stand in he doorway . he look across the hall to the other room where cameron and Charlie be stand . cameron give a thumb up . Neil close he room door and take out he cloak and a flashlight . setting the flashlight down on the desk , he notice a wear book , " five Centuries of verse " , sit there . open it up , he see John keating 's name at the top follow by " Dead poet " . below the title of the book , be write : " to be read at the open of d.p.s. meeting . " along with several line from thoreau , beginning with " I go to the wood because I want to live deliberately " int stairway - night the shadow of hood figure can be see move throughout the darken hall . int hager be room - night hager hear a dog bark . int hallway - night someone drop a number of dog biscuit by the dog 's foot . he stop bark and immediately begin gobble they down . hager look out into the hallway with he flashlight but see nothing . ext school ground - night the boy quietly leave the building and set off run across the field towards the wood . ext wood - night the boy search about the tree try to find the cave . meek be search around when Charlie leap up behind meek in the dark shine the flashlight up at he own face and grab meek by the shoulder . charlie arrr , I be a dead poet . meek aww , Charlie . charlie ( laugh ) guy , over here . meek you be funny . you be real funny . int cave - night the boy be try to start a fire . the cave be quickly fill up with smoke . meek it 's too wet . charlie God , be you try to smoke we out of here ? meek no , no , the smoke 's go right up this open . pitt try to stand up and slam he head into the low rock ceiling . he let out a yell while the other laugh . neil you okay ? pitt oh god. clown . neil all right , all right , forget the fire . let 's go gentleman . Neil stand before the other with the book in hand , and take a drag on a cigarette . neil I hereby reconvene the Dead poet Society . the boy cheer . neil welton chapter . the meeting will be conduct by myself and the other new initiate now present . Todd Anderson , because he prefer not to read , will keep minute of the meeting . I will now read the traditional open message by society member Henry David thoreau . " I go to the wood because I want to live deliberately . I want to live deep and suck out all the marrow of life . " charlie I will second that . neil " to put to rout all that be not life , and not , when I have come to die , discover that I have not live . several boy whistle softly in reaction to the poem . neil and keating 's mark a bunch of other page . Neil begin flipping through the book . charlie all right , intermission . dig deep right here . right here , lay it down cameron on the mud ? we be gonna put we food on the mud ? charlie meek , put you coat down . picnic blanket . meek yes sir , use meek ' coat . charlie do not keep anything back either . you guy be always bum my smoke . meek lay he coat down and everyone dump they food on it . amongst the pile be chocolate chip cookie , a box of raisin , a few apple , a orange , and half a roll . neil raisin ? knox yuck . charlie wait a minute , who give we half a roll ? pitt ( talk with he mouth full ) I be eat the other half . charlie come on . pitt you want I to put it back ? int cave - night Neil , light up by a flashlight , begin to tell everyone a story . neil it be a dark and rainy night , and this old lady , who have a passion for jigsaw puzzle , sit by herself in she house at she table to complete a new jigsaw puzzle . but as she piece the puzzle together , she realize , to she astonishment , that the image that be form be she very own room . and the figure in the center of the puzzle , as she complete it , be herself . and with tremble hand , she place the last four piece and stare in horror at the face of a dement madman at the window . the last thing that this old lady ever hear be the sound of break glass . boy ohhh no neil this be true , this be true . cameron I have get one that 's even better than that . charlie ha ! cameron I do . there 's a young , marry couple , and they be drive through the forest at night on a long trip . and they run out of gas , and there 's a madman on the - charlie the thing with the hand - all the boy react , recalling the story and miming the scraping on the roof of the car . cameron I love that story . charlie I tell you that one . cameron you do not . I get that in camp in sixth grade . charlie when be you in six , last year ? as everyone 's voice begin to calm down , pitt begin read from the book . pitt " in a mean abode in the shanking road , live a man name William bloat . now , he have a wife , the plague of he life , who continually get he goat . and one day at dawn , with she nightshift on , he slit she bloody throat . " the boy laugh . pitt oh , and it get worse . charlie you want to hear a real poem ? meek hand Charlie the book but he shove it away . charlie all right ? no , I do not need it . you take it . meek what , do you bring one ? neil you memorize a poem ? charlie I do not memorize a poem . move up . Neil move to the side as Charlie stand and take he spot . meek a original piece by Charlie dalton . knox a original piece . pitt take center stage . neil you know this be history . right ? this be history . Charlie clear he throat and pull out a page from a magazine and slowly unfold it , revealing a playboy centerfold ( Elaine reynold , miss October , 1959 ) meek oh , wow . cameron where do you get that ? charlie teach I to love ? go teach thyself more wit . I , chief professor , be of it . Neil get up and look over Charlie 's shoulder to see what he be read . charlie the god of love , if such a thing there be , may learn to love from I . Charlie wink at the guy and they clap and cheer . neil wow ! do you write that ? Charlie turn over the centerfold to show where he have write down the poem . charlie abraham cowley . okay , who 's next ? Neil sit read from the book by flashlight . neil Alfred Lord tennyson . come my friend , ' tis not too late to seek a new world for my purpose hold to sail beyond the sunset . and though we be not now that strength which in old day move earth and heaven ; that which we be , we be ; -- one equal temper of heroic heart , make weak by time and fate , but strong in will . to strive , to seek , to find , and not to yield . meek take center stage and begin read a poem like he be perform a chant . meek then I have religion , then I have a vision . I could not turn from they revel in derision . then I see the congo creep through the black , cut through the forest with a golden track . then I see the congo creep through the black - charlie meek , meek . meek ... cut through the forest with a golden track . then I see the congo creep through the black , cut through the forest with a golden track . knox pick up a metal container and begin use it as a drum . the other boy stand and begin go in a circle , make music with stick of wood , comb , etc . then I see the congo creep through the black , cut through the forest with a golden track . then I see the congo creep through the black , cut through the forest with a golden track . boy then I see the congo creep through the black , cut through the forest with ... the boy continue to chant the chorus as they emerge from the cave . ext . campus - night the clock toll two as the boy silently run back to they dorm . int . keating's classroom - day keating be walk to the front of the classroom fill with student . keating a man be not very tire , he be exhaust . and do not use very sad , use - he point to the back of the classroom . keating come on , Mr. overstreet , you twerp , knox morose ? keating exactly ! morose . now , language be develop for one endeavor , and that be ? Mr. Anderson ? come on ! be you a man or a amoeba ? keating stand before Todd 's desk . Todd look up nervously but say nothing . keating pause for a moment before look away . keating Mr. perry ? neil uh , to communicate . keating no ! to woo woman . today we be go to be talk about William Shakespeare . the class let out a collective sigh . boy oh , God ! keating I know . a lot of you look forward to this about as much as you look forward to root canal work . we be gonna talk about Shakespeare as someone who write something very interesting . now , many of you have see Shakespeare do very much like this : keating hold out he right arm dramtically and begin to speak in a exaggerated british accent . " o titus , bring you friend hither . " but if any of you have see Mr. marlon brando , you know , Shakespeare can be different . " friend , Roman , countryman , lend I you ear . " you can also imagine , maybe , John Wayne as macbeth go , " well , be this a dagger I see before I ? " int . keating's classroom - day the student be all seat together near the front of the room as keating read from a book . keating " dog , sir ? oh , not just now . I do enjoy a good dog once in a while , sir . you can have yourself a three - course meal from one dog . start with you canine crudite , go to you fido flambe for main course and for dessert , a pekingese parfait . and you can pick you tooth with a little paw . " int . keating's classroom - day the student be all back in they normal seat and keating leap up onto he desk . keating why do I stand up here ? anybody ? charlie to feel taller . keating no ! keating ring the bell on he desk with he foot keating thank you for play , Mr. dalton . I stand upon my desk to remind yourself that we must constantly look at thing in a different way . keating glance around the classroom from atop the desk . keating you see , the world look very different from up here . you do not believe I ? come see for yourself . come on . come on ! Charlie and Neil quickly rise from they seat to go to the front of the classroom . the rest of the class follow they . while keating continue speak , Neil and Charlie join he on the desk and then keating jump down . keating just when you think you know something , you have to look at it in another way . even though it may seem silly or wrong , you must try ! now , when you read , do not just consider what the author think . consider what you think . keating boy , you must strive to find you own voice . because the longer you wait to begin , the less likely you be to find it at all . thoreau say , " most man lead life of quiet desperation . " do not be resign to that . break out ! keating notice spaz and another boy leave the desk immediately . keating do not just walk off the edge like lemming . look around you . the school bell ring as the boy continue to climb onto the desk . keating begin to gather up he stuff . the clock begin to toll as keating walk to the back of the class . keating there ! there you go , Mr. priske . thank you ! yes ! dare to strike out and find new ground . now , in addition to you essay , I would like you to compose a poem of you own , a original work . the student begin to groan . keating begin flicker the light off and on while chant ominously . keating that 's right ! you have to deliver it aloud in front of the class on Monday . bonne chance , gentleman . keating step out into the hall before quickly peek back in once again . Todd be the last one to stand on the desk and be about to jump off . keating Mr. Anderson ? do not think that I do not know that this assignment scare the hell out of you , you mole . keating flick the light off , leave Todd to jump down in the darkness as the student laugh . ext . river - day cameron , Charlie , and several other boy be row while Mr. nolan shout order from a bullhorn . mr. nolan take a power train in two ! Three ! keep you eye in the boat ! ext . campus rooftop - day noisy static be replace by music as pitt climb down form the peak to join meek at they makeshift radio . meek we get it , pittsie . we get it ! Radio free America ! ext campus - day several student be fencing on a grassy slope . ext . campus rooftop - day meek and pitt perform a goofy dance together to the music . int . todd be room - day Todd be on he bed try to write a poem . the door open and Todd turn he write pad over . Neil enter the room laugh . he crouch down next to Todd 's bed and plunk a sheet of paper in Todd 's lap . neil I find it . todd you find what ? neil what I wanna do right now . what 's really , really inside I . todd " a midsummer night 's dream " ? neil this be it . todd what be this ? neil it 's a play , dummy . todd I know that . I -- wh- wh - what do it have to do with you ? neil right . they be put it on at Henley Hall . open tryout . open tryout ! todd yes , so ? Neil pound on the bed and then pull a blanket off he bed , wear it like a cloak . neil so , I be gonna act . yes , yes ! I be gonna be a actor ! ever since I can remember , I have want to try this . I even try to go to summer stock audition last year , but , of course , my father would not let I . for the first time in my whole life I know what I wanna do . Neil grab a handful of papers off Todd 's bed and toss they into the air . neil and for the first time I be gonna do it whether my father want I to or not ! carpe diem ! todd Neil , Neil , hold on a minute . how be you gonna be in a play if you father will not let you ? neil first I gotta get the part , then I can worry about that . todd yeah , but will not he kill you if he find out you go to a audition and do not even tell he ? neil no , no , no , no . as far as I be concerned , he will not have to know about any of this . todd well , that 's impossible . neil bullshit ! nothing 's impossible . todd well , why do not you just call he and ask he ? and m- maybe he will say yes . neil that 's a laugh ! Neil toss the blanket back onto he bed . neil if I do not ask he , at least I will not be disobey he . todd yeah , but if he say -- neil ( shouting angrily ) Jesus , Todd ! whose side be you on ? Todd say nothing . Neil look at he for a moment and then take the flyer back from Todd . he walk over to the window , he excitement go . neil I mean , I have not even get the part yet . can not I even enjoy the idea for a little while ? once again , Todd say nothing . after a moment , Neil sit on the heater and Todd return to he poem . neil you be come to the meeting this afternoon ? todd I do not know . maybe . neil nothing Mr. keating have to say mean shit to you , do it , Todd ? todd w- what be that suppose to mean ? neil you be in the club ! be in the club mean be stir up by thing . you look about as stir up as a cesspool . Neil get up from the window and stand over Todd . todd so - you want I out ? neil no ! I want you in , but be in mean you gotta do something . not just say you be in . todd well , listen , Neil . i- I appreciate this concern , but I - I be not like you . all right ? you , you , you say thing and people listen . I be , I be not like that . neil do not you think you could be ? todd no ! I - - I , I do not know , but that 's not the point . the , the , the point be that there 's nothing you can do about it , so you can just butt out . I can take care of myself just fine . all right ? neil no . todd what do you mean , " no " ? a smile come to Neil 's face . neil no . Neil grab Todd 's notebook of poetry and run across the room with it . Todd leap up after he . todd give I -- Neil . Neil , give that back . the two begin racing in circle around the room , jump from bed to bed as Todd try to grab he poem back . neil " we be dream of a - - " poetry ! I be be chase by Walt Whitman ! okay , okay . Neil drop the notebook . cameron walk into the room . cameron what be you guy do ? I be sure -- you see this chemistry - cameron try to hold up he book and Neil snatch it from he hand and suddenly all three of they be racing around the room . cameron hey , give I -- Neil , give I -- do not be immature . come on . I need my - Charlie enter the room and begin wave he hand . charlie give it to I ! give it to I ! neil Charlie ! Neil toss cameron 's book to Charlie . cameron let I have my book , I need my - the four boy continue racing around the cramped quarter , toss cameron 's book back and forth . Neil pick up a recorder and begin blow erratic note on it while Charlie start pound on a set of bongo drum . outside the room a crowd of boy watch . ext . campus entrance - day knox be riding he bike around in circle near the entrance . see no one nearby , he race through the open gate and down the road . he come to the top of a hill and then go downhill across the grass , shouting as he send a immense flock of geese fly into the air . ext . parking lot - day a number of vehicle drive up , fill with student dress in bright red cosyume , play trumpet and various other instrument as they pass . knox watch the grow crowd of student . they be all converge on a bus . a football player , wear a horn helmet , dance on the roof of the bus . a band be play while a group of cheerleader be practise . knox spot Chris amongst the cheerleader . he watch she until Chet come along and she grab hold of he hand . knox look away in disgust . coach okay , everybody on the bus . let 's go , boy . come on , let 's go . on the bus , boy . now ! Chris jump into Chet 's arm as everyone begin to board the bus . knox turn he bike around and leave . ext . soccer field - day keating walk across the field , follow by he student . he kick a ball ahead of he while he carry a number of other ball in a net sling over he shoulder . keating now , devote may argue that one sport or game be inherently better than another . for I , sport be actually a chance for we to have other human being push we to excel . I want you all to come over here and take a slip of paper and line up single file . keating reach the stand . he toss the ball aside and pull set he briefcase down . as the boy line up he begin rip off slip of paper from a notepad and hand they out . keating Mr. meek , time to inherit the earth . Mr. pitt , rise above you name . he hand the notepad to another student . keating I want you to hand this out to the boy , one apiece . ext . soccer field - day the student be all line up in single file , each hold a slip of paper . keating blow he whistle . keating you know what to do , pitt . pitt " oh to struggle against great odd . to meet enemy undaunted . " keating sound to I like you be daunt . say it again like you be undaunted . pitt " oh to struggle against great odd . to meet enemy undaunted . " keating now go on . pitt give one of the soccer ball a good kick . keating yes ! next . one of the student set up the next ball as the line advance . boy 1 " to be a sailor of the world , bound for all port . " keating next. louder ! boy 2 " oh , I live to be the ruler of life , not a slave . " keating walk away and start up a record player . boy 3 " to mount the scaffold . to advance to the muzzle of gun with perfect nonchalance . " classical music begin play on the phonograph . meek go to read next but be confuse by the music . keating come on , meek ! listen to the music . meek " to dance , clap hand , exalt , shout , skip , roll on , float on . " keating yes ! hopkin ( without energy ) " oh , to have life henceforth the poem of new joy . " hopkins crumple up he paper and then barely tap the soccer ball with he foot . keating put a look of disgust on he face . keating oh ! boo ! come on , Charlie , let it fill you soul ! Charlie raise he hand over he head . charlie " to indeed be a god ! " int . dorm hallway - day Neil be racing down the hallway , all excited . neil Charlie , I get the part ! I be gonna play puck ! I be gonna play puck ! he pound on Charlie 's door . meek what do he say ? pitt puck ? neil that 's the main part . knox great , Neil . neil Charlie , I get it ! charlie congratulation . good for you , Neil . good for you . Neil enter he room with Todd and sit down at he typewriter . neil okay , okay , okay , okay . todd Neil , how be you gonna do this ? neil they need a letter of permission from my father and Mr. nolan . todd you be not gonna write it . neil oh yes , I be . todd oh , Neil . Neil , you be crazy . Neil begin type . neil okay . " I be write to you on behalf of my son Neil perry . " Neil begin laugh and stomping he foot up and down . neil this be great . ext . campus - night a lone bagpiper play out on the dock . int . todd be room - night Todd be pace circle about he room as he read he poem . his pace slow and then he tear the poem up . int . keating's classroom - day knox stand at the front of the room with he poem in hand . knox ( quietly ) " to Chris . " Charlie look up from he desk with a grin . boy 1 who 's Chris ? boy 2 mmm , Chris . knox I see a sweetness in she smile . blight light shine from she eye . but life be complete ; contentment be mine , just know that ... several student begin to snicker . knox just know that she 's alive . knox crumple he poem and walk back to he desk . knox sorry , Captain . it 's stupid . keating no , no . it 's not stupid . it 's a good effort . it touch on one of the major theme , love . a major theme not only in poetry , but life . Mr. hopkins , you be laugh . you be up . hopkins slowly walk to the front of the class and unfold he piece of paper . hopkin " the cat sit on the mat . " keating congratulation , Mr. hopkins . your be the first poem to ever have a negative score on the pritchard scale . we be not laugh at you , we be laugh near you . I do not mind that you poem have a simple theme . sometimes the most beautiful poetry can be about simple thing , like a cat , or a flower or rain . you see , poetry can come from anything with the stuff of revelation in it . just do not let you poem be ordinary . now , who 's next ? keating approach Todd 's desk . keating Mr. Anderson , I see you sit there in agony . come on , Todd , step up . let 's put you out of you misery . todd I , I do not do it . I do not write a poem . keating Mr. Anderson think that everything inside of he be worthless and embarrassing . be not that right , Todd ? be not that you worst fear ? well , I think you be wrong . I think you have something inside of you that be worth a great deal . keating walk up to the blackboard and begin to write . keating " I sound my barbaric yawp over the rooftop of the world . " W. W. uncle Walt again . now , for that of you who do not know , a yawp be a loud cry or yell . now , Todd , I would like you to give we a demonstration of a barbaric " yawp . " come on . you can not yawp sit down . let 's go . come on . up. Todd reluctantly stand and follow keating to the front . keating you gotta get in " yawping " stance . todd a yawp ? keating no , not just a yawp . a barbaric yawp . todd ( quietly ) yawp . keating come on , louder . todd ( quietly ) yawp . keating no , that 's a mouse . come on . louder . todd yawp . keating oh , good God , boy . yell like a man ! todd ( shouting ) yawp ! keating there it be . you see , you have a barbarian in you , after all . Todd go to return to he seat but keating stop he . keating now , you do not get away that easy . keating turn Todd around and point out a picture on the wall . keating the picture of uncle Walt up there . what do he remind you of ? do not think . answer . go on . keating begin to circle around Todd . todd a m-m-madman . keating what kind of madman ? do not think about it . just answer again . todd a c-crazy madman . keating no , you can do better than that . free up you mind . use you imagination . say the first thing that pop into you head , even if it 's total gibberish . go on , go on . todd uh , uh , a sweaty - toothe madman . keating good God , boy , there 's a poet in you , after all . there , close you eye . Close you eye . Close them . now , describe what you see . keating put he hand over Todd 's eye and they begin to slowly spin around . todd uh , i- I close my eye . keating yes ? todd uh , and this image float beside I . keating a sweaty - toothe madman ? todd a sweaty - toothe madman with a stare that pound my brain . keating oh , that 's excellent . now , give he action . make he do something . todd h- his hand reach out and choke I . keating that 's it . wonderful . wonderful . keating remove he hand from Todd but Todd keep he eye close . todd and , and all the time he 's mumble . keating what 's he mumble ? todd m-mumbling , " Truth . Truth be like , like a blanket that always leave you foot cold . " the student begin to laugh and Todd open he eye . keating quickly gesture for he to close they again . keating forget they , forget they . stay with the blanket . tell I about that blanket . todd y-y-y - you push it , stretch it , it will never be enough . you kick at it , beat it , it will never cover any of we . from the moment we enter cry to the moment we leave die , it will just cover you face as you wail and cry and scream . Todd open he eye . the class be silent . then they begin to clap and cheer . keating ( whisper to Todd ) do not you forget this . ext . soccer field - day keating 's student be play a soccer game . after they score the win goal they hoist keating onto they shoulder and carry he away . int . cave - day the boy be all sit around the cave lighting they pipe . charlie attaboy , pittsie , inhale deeply . meek my dad collect a lot of pipe . charlie really ? mine 's get thirty . pitt you parent collect pipe ? oh , that 's really interesting . charlie come on , knox . join in . meek yeah , knox , we be from the government . we be here to help , man . charlie what 's wrong ? pitt it 's Chris . here 's a picture of Chris for you . pitt hold up a centerfold . meek smoke that . put that in you pipe and smoke it . knox that 's not funny . charlie knock it off . smoke you pipe . meek Neil ! Neil enter the cave carry a beat up light stand . neil friend , scholar , welton man . meek what be that , Neil ? pitt duh . it 's a lamp , meek . Neil remove the shade from the lamp , revealing the shape of a man as the base of the lamp . neil no . this be the god of the cave . meek the god of the cave . Charlie begin make loud noise with he saxophone . pitt Charlie , what be you do ? charlie what do you say we start this meeting ? boy 1 y- yeah , just -- I need a light . I just gotta - boy 2 get my earplug ? Charlie stand up and clear he throat . charlie gentlemen , " poetrusic " by Charles dalton . Charlie begin play erratic note on the sexophone . meek oh , no . charlie laugh , cry , tumble , mumble . gotta do more . gotta be more . Charlie play more erratic sound . charlie Chaos scream , chaos dream . gotta do more ! gotta be more ! Charlie start to play a real tune on the saxophone . meek wow ! pitt that be nice . that be great . where do you learn to play like that ? charlie my parent make I take the clarinet for year . cameron I love the clarinet . charlie I hate it . the saxophone . the saxophone be more sonorous . cameron ooh . meek vocabulary . knox jump up . knox I can not take it anymore . if I do not have Chris , I be gonna kill myself . charlie knoxious , you have gotta calm down . knox no , Charlie . that 's just my problem . I have be calm all my life . I will do something about that . neil where be you go ? charlie what be you gonna do ? knox I be gonna call she . knox begin to chuckle as he leave the cave . the other quickly grab they coat to follow he . Charlie go back to play noise on he saxophone again . int . hallway - day knox be make a call from the payphone . CHRIS ( o.s. ) hello ? knox immediately hang up and look at the other boy who be all gather around he . knox she 's gonna hate I . the danburrys will hate I . my parent will kill I . all right , goddamn it . you be right . " carpe diem . " even if it kill I . knox put in another coin and call again . CHRIS ( o.s. ) hello ? knox hello , Chris ? CHRIS ( o.s. ) yes . knox hi. this be knox overstreet . CHRIS ( o.s. ) oh , yes . knox . glad you call . knox she 's glad I call . CHRIS ( o.s. ) listen , Chet 's parent be go out of town this weekend , so he 's have a party . would you like to come ? knox would I like to come to a party ? charlie yes . say , yes . CHRIS ( o.s. ) Friday ? um - knox well , sure . CHRIS ( o.s. ) about seven ? knox okay , great . i- I will be there , Chris . CHRIS ( o.s. ) okay . knox Friday night at the danburrys ' . o- okay . thank you . CHRIS ( o.s. ) okay . bye . knox thank you . I will see you . bye . knox yawp ! can you believe it ? she be gonna call I . she invite I to a party with she . charlie at Chet danburry 's house . knox yeah . charlie well ? knox so ? charlie so , you do not really think she mean you be go with she ? knox well , of course not , Charlie . but that 's not the point . that 's not the point at all . charlie what be the point ? knox the point , Charlie , be , uh -- charlie yeah ? knox that she be think about I . I have only meet she once , and already she 's think about I . damn it . it 's gonna happen , guy . I feel it . she be go to be mine . carpe . carpe ! knox flip he scarf dramatically around he neck as he walk away and climb the stair . ext . courtyard - day the student be stand in a line while cameron , pitt , and knox be walk in a circle . keating watch as they go around . keating no grade at stake , gentleman . just take a stroll . after a few moment , the three boy begin to march to the same beat . keating there it be . the other boy start clap to the rhythm of they step . keating I do not know , but I have be tell -- boy I do not know , but I have be tell -- keating do poetry be old -- boy do poetry be old -- Mr. nolan look out at they from he office as keating join the boy and begin march with they . keating Left , leave , left-right - leave . Left , leave , left-right - leave . Left , halt ! the boy come to a halt . keating thank you , gentleman . if you notice , everyone start off with they own stride , they own pace . keating begin walk very slowly . keating Mr. pitt , take he time . he know he will get there one day . Mr. cameron , you could see he think , " be this right ? it might be right . it might be right . I know that . maybe not . I do not know . " keating begin walk with he groin push forward . keating Mr. overstreet , drive by deeper force . yes . we know that . all right . now , I do not bring they up here to ridicule they . I bring they up here to illustrate the point of conformity : the difficulty in maintain you own belief in the face of other . now , that of you -- I see the look in you eye like , " I would have walk differently . " well , ask yourselves why you be clap . now , we all have a great need for acceptance . but you must trust that you belief be unique , you own , even though other may think they odd or unpopular , even though the herd may go , " that 's baaaaad . " Robert frost say , " two road diverge in a wood and I , I take the one less travel by , and that have make all the difference . " now , I want you to find you own walk right now . you own way of stride , pace . any direction . anything you want . whether it 's proud , whether it 's silly , anything . gentlemen , the courtyard be yours . the student begin walk about , some walk casually , other make up silly walk . keating notice that Charlie be still lean up against one of the pillar . keating you do not have to perform . just make it for yourself . Mr. dalton ? you be join we ? charlie exercise the right not to walk . keating thank you , Mr. dalton . you just illustrate the point . swim against the stream . nolan move away from the window where he have be watch they . ext . campus - night Neil be walk by with the note for the play when he notice Todd sit off by himself on one of the walkway . neil Todd ? hey . todd hey . neil what 's go on ? todd nothing . today 's my birthday . neil be today you birthday ? happy birthday . todd thanks . neil what 's you get ? todd my parent give I this . Neil look down at a deskset sit next to Todd , still in its wrapping . neil be not this the same desk set - todd yeah , yeah . they give I the same thing as last year . neil oh. todd oh. neil ( laugh ) maybe they think you need another one . todd maybe they be not think about anything at all . uh , the funny thing be about this be I , I do not even like it the first time . neil Todd , I think you be underestimate the value of this desk set . Neil pick up the desk set and begin examine it more closely . neil I mean , who would want a football or a baseball , or - todd or a car . neil or a car if they could have a desk set as wonderful as this one ? I mean , if , if I be ever go to buy a , a desk set twice , I would probably buy this one both time . in fact , its , its shape be , it 's rather aerodynamic , be not it ? I can feel it . this desk set want to fly . Neil toss the desk set lightly in the air . Todd stand up and Neil hand he the desk set . neil Todd ? the world 's first unmanned fly desk set . Todd fling the desk set over the side of the walkway and it fall to piece down below . todd oh , my ! neil well , I would not worry . you will get another one next year . int . cave - night all the boy but knox and Charlie be gather in the cave . boy " to live deep and suck out all the marrow of life . to put to rout all that be not life " the boy stop as they hear the sound of female laughter outside . cameron oh , my God ! gloria be this it ? charlie yeah , this be it . go ahead , go on in . it 's my cave . watch you step . tina we be not gonna slip , be we ? gloria uh-oh . gloria hop into the cave wear a bright red shirt . the light from the boy ' flashlight play conspicously over gloria 's chest . Tina enter right behind she . gloria hi. meek stand up and slam he head into the low ceiling . meek hello . gloria hello . charlie hi , you guy . meet , uh , gloria and -- tina Tina . charlie Tina . this be the pledge class of the Dead poet Society . boy hello . how do you do ? neil hello . gloria hi. hi. charlie guy , move . move. come on , folk . it 's Friday night . let 's get on with the meeting . the boy move aside to let the girl in . boy sorry . Excuse - Excuse I . charlie guy , I have a announcement to make . in keep with the spirit of passionate experimentation of the Dead poet , I be give up the name Charlie dalton . from now on , call I nuwanda . pitt ( laugh ) nuwanda ? neil nuwanda ? Tina take out a tube of red lipstick . Charlie take it from she and put red mark on each of he cheek . int . chet' house - night knox enter the house and look anxiously about . knox hello ? hello , Chris ? knox stop and comb he hair in the hallway mirror . Chris come run out from one of the room . CHRIS knox ! knox hi. CHRIS you make it . great ! bring anybody ? knox no . Chris grab knox by he jacket and pull he forward as she walk toward the stair . CHRIS no. Ginny danburry 's here . wait . I have to go find Chet . why do not you go downstairs where everybody be ? Chris run up the stair as knox stare after she . CHRIS make yourself at home . knox but I -- int . chet' basement - night knox stare at a couple kissing passionately . across the room he see Chet and Chris dance . he walk away . int . chet' kitchen - night knox enter the kitchen , walk between several football player to fill up a mug of beer from a keg . steve hey , you mutt Sanders ' brother ? bubba , this guy look like mutt Sanders to you or what ? bubba spit ice cube into the sink . bubba you be he brother ? knox no relation . never hear of he . sorry , guy . bubba ( obviously drunk ) where 's you manners Steve ? mutt Sanders ' brother , we do not even offer he a drink . here . go have some whiskey , pal . bubba hand knox a glass and fill it up . steve yeah . knox whoa , I , uh , I do not really drink -- bubba to mutt . steve to mutt . the two guy raise they glass in a toast and knox reluctantly join they . knox to mutt . they each take a big drink . knox roll he eye and gasp , loosen he tie to try and breathe . bubba now , how the hell be old mutt , anyway ? steve yeah . what 's ol ' mutter be up to , huh ? knox I do not really know mutt . bubba to mighty mutt . guy 1 to mighty mutt . knox to mighty mutt . they raise they glass again for a toast and down the rest of they glass . bubba well , listen , I gotta go find patsy . say hello to mutt for I , okay ? knox will do . bubba put on a horn football helmet and walk away . steve yeah . Hell of a guy , you brother mutt . int . cave - night charlie we gonna have a meeting or what ? gloria yeah . if you guy do not have a meeting , how do we know if we wanna join ? neil join ? Charlie lean over to Tina . charlie " shall I compare thee to a summer 's day ? thou art more lovely and more temperate . " tina that 's so sweet . charlie I make that up just for you . tina you do ? the boy laugh and cameron shake he head . Charlie move over to sit next to gloria . charlie I will write one for you too , gloria . she walk in beauty like the night . she walk in beauty like the night . of cloudless clime and starry sky . all that 's best , dark and bright , meet in she aspect and she eye . gloria that 's beautiful . charlie there 's plenty more where that come from . int . chet' basement - night the room be whirling as knox belch and stagger across the room . he pass Chet and several of he friend . he step over several couple kissing on the floor and slump down on the couch , only to be crowded in by another couple who seem oblivious to he . he be about to get up again when he notice Chris sleep next to he on the couch . knox God help I . knox look about and then look back down at Chris . knox carpe diem . knox take a last swig of he drink and then begin to softly run he finger over Chris ' hair . he then lean over and kiss she forehead . across the room , bubba look over and see what 's go on . bubba Chet ! Chet ! look ! chet what ? bubba it 's mutt Sanders ' brother . chet huh ? Chris rise up from the couch and look at knox in surprise . CHRIS knox , what -- bubba and he 's feel up you girl ! CHRIS what be you do ? Chet get up from he chair . chet what the hell be you do ? CHRIS Chet ! Chet , do not . knox now , Chet , I know this look bad , but you have gotta - Chet throw himself at knox , hurl they both to the floor . he then straddle knox and begin to punch at he as knox simply try to protect himself . CHRIS Chet , no ! you will hurt he ! no! no! stop it ! leave he alone ! chet goddamn ! CHRIS Chet , stop it ! Chris manage to haul Chet away from knox . chet bastard ! knox take he hand away from he face and feel at he bloody nose . Chris try to help he up . CHRIS knox , be you all right ? chet Chris , get the hell away from he ! CHRIS Chet , you hurt he ! chet good ! knox I be sorry . I be so sorry . CHRIS it 's okay . it - it 's okay . Chet haul Chris away from knox and then point at he . chet next time I see you , you die . int . cave - night Tina pass a bottle of alcohol to Neil . tina go ahead , pass it around . cameron motion for Neil not to take it but Neil take a swig anyway . there be a moment of awkward silence . meek I and pitt be work on a hi-fi system . it should not be that hard to , uh , to put together . pitt yeah . uh , I might be go to Yale . uh , uh , but , I , I might not . gloria do not you guy miss have girl around here ? meek and pitt ( smile ) yeah . charlie that 's part of what this club be about . in fact , I would like to announce I publish a article in the school paper , in the name of the Dead poet . cameron what ? charlie demand girl be admit to welton . pitt you do not . charlie ( whisper to meek ) so we can all stop beat off . neil how do you do that ? charlie I be one of the proofer . I slip the article in . meek look , uh , it 's , it 's over now . charlie why ? nobody know who we be . cameron well , do not you think they be gonna figure out who write it ? they be gonna come to you and ask to know what the Dead poet Society be . Charlie , you have no right to do something like that . charlie it 's nuwanda , cameron . gloria that 's right . it 's nuwanda . charlie be we just play around out here , or do we mean what we say ? for all we do be come together and reach a bunch of poem to each other . what the hell be we do ? neil all right , but you still should not have do it , Charlie . this could mean trouble . you do not speak for the club . charlie hey , would you not worry about you precious little neck ? if they catch I , I will tell they I make it up . int . assembly hall - day the professor hurry down the step , lead by a obviously agitate Mr. nolan . several be carry newspaper in they hand . the student all rise as they enter . after all the professor have take they place , Mr. nolan address the student . mr. nolan sit. the student all sit . mr. nolan in this week of welton 's honor there appear a profane and unauthorize article . Rather than spend my valuable time ferrete out the guilty person -- and let I assure you I will find they - - I be ask any and all student who know anything about this article to make themselves know here and now . whoever the guilty person be , this be you only chance to avoid expulsion from this school . the sound of a phone ringing can be hear . the professor look about for its source . Charlie pick up a telephone receiver . charlie welton Academy . hello . yes , he be . just a moment . Charlie stand up , hold a phone and bell in he hand . charlie Mr. nolan , it 's for you . it 's God . he say we should have girl at welton . most of the student laugh while the boy from the cave all shake they head in disbelief . int . nolan' office - day Charlie stand with he back to the door as Mr. nolan shut it . Mr. nolan then walk around to face Charlie . mr. nolan wipe that smirk off you face . if you think , Mr. dalton , that you be the first to try to get throw out of this school , think again . other have have similar notion and have fail just as surely as you will fail . assume the position . Charlie sigh and bend over , rest he hand on the desk . Mr. nolan heft a flat wooden paddle in he hand . mr. nolan Count aloud , Mr. dalton . Mr. nolan begin to strike Charlie with the paddle . charlie one . two . Three . four. five . mr. nolan what be this Dead poet Society ? I want name . int . hallway - day a crowd of student be gather about as Charlie stiffly walk back to he room . neil you kick out ? charlie no . neil so what happen ? charlie I be to turn everybody in , apologize to the school and all will be forgiven . neil so , what be you gonna do ? Charlie ! charlie damn it , Neil . the name be nuwanda . Charlie smile and then shut he door . int . keating's classroom - day keating and mcallister be enjoy tea in the small room off the classroom . Mr. nolan knock on the door and enter . mr. nolan Excuse I . May we have a word , Mr. keating ? keating certainly . keating fix he tie and follow Mr. nolan into the classroom . mr. nolan this be my first classroom , John . do you know that ? my first desk . keating do not know you teach , Mr. nolan . mr. nolan English . oh , long before you time . it be hard give it up , I can tell you . I be hearing rumor , John , about some unorthodox teach method in you classroom . I be not say they have anything to do with the dalton boy 's outburst . but I do not think I have to warn you boy he age be very impressionable . keating well , you reprimand make quite a impression , I be sure . mr. nolan what be go on in the courtyard the other day ? keating courtyard ? mr. nolan yeah . boy march , clap in unison . keating oh , that . that be a exercise to prove a point . danger of conformity . mr. nolan well , John , the curriculum here be set . it 's prove it work . if you question , what 's to prevent they from do the same ? keating I always think the idea of educate be to learn to think for yourself . mr. nolan at this boy ' age ? not on you life ! tradition , john. discipline . prepare they for college , and the rest will take care of itself . int . study room - day Charlie sit with he bongo as the other boy be all crowded around he . he hit the bongo as he mime nolan 's footstep . charlie creak . he start walk around towards my leave . creak . creak . " assume the position , Mr. dalton . " the door open and keating walk in . many of the boy get up from they seat . keating it 's all right , gentleman . charlie Mr. keating . keating Mr. dalton . that be a pretty lame stunt you pull today . charlie you be siding with Mr. nolan ? what about carpe diem and suck all the marrow out of life and all that ? keating suck the marrow out of life do not mean choke on the bone . sure there 's a time for dare and there 's a time for caution , and a wise man understand which be call for . charlie but I think you would like that . keating no . you be expell from school be not dare to I . it 's stupid , ' cause you will miss some golden opportunity . charlie yeah . like what ? keating like , if nothing else , the opportunity to attend my class . get it , Ace ? charlie aye , aye , Captain . keating keep you head about you . that go for the lot of you . boy yes , Captain . keating phone call from God . if it have be collect , it would not be dare . keating leave and the boy gather around Charlie once again . charlie all right . go on . ext . campus - day Neil bike away as the clock bell toll . int . theater - day Neil walk into the back of the theater and watch various actor rehearse on stage . a smile fill he face . director we be try to rehearse , okay ? start . lysander a good persuasion , therefore hear I , hermia . director wait , please . excitement . I do not hear any excitement about this play . and take she hand . bring she down the stage and stop . and " there , gentle hermia . " okay ? try again . int . hallway - day the bell ring and student rush down the hall . boy what 's for dinner ? pitt spaghetti and meatball ! Neil come up the stair as everyone else swarm down to the cafeteria . neil save some for I . " but , room , Fairy ! here come oberon . " Neil open the door to he room and see he father sit at he desk . neil Father . mr. perry Neil . neil wait a minute . before you say anything , please let I ex - Mr. perry rise from the desk . mr. perry do not you dare talk back to I ! it 's bad enough that you have waste you time with this , this absurd act business . but you deliberately deceive I ! how , how , how do you expect to get away with this ? answer I . who put you up to it ? be it this new man ? this , uh , Mr. keating ? neil no. nobody -- I think I would surprise you . I have get all a 's in every class . mr. perry do you think I be not go to find out ? " oh , my niece be in a play with you son , " say Mrs. Marks . " no , no , no , " I say , " you must be mistaken . my son 's not in a play . " you make I a liar of I , Neil ! now , tomorrow you go to they and you tell they that you be quit . neil no , I can not . I have the main part . the performance be tomorrow night . mr. perry I do not care if the world come to a end tomorrow night . you be through with that play . be that clear ? be that clear ? neil yes , sir . Mr. perry go to leave and then turn around . mr. perry I make a great many sacrifice to get you here , Neil , and you will not let I down . neil no , sir . int . keating be office - night keating be seat at he desk . he be write a letter and occasionally look up at the frame photo on he desk of a woman play the cello . there be a knock at the door . keating it 's open . Neil enter and close the door behind he . he appear to be nervous . keating Neil , what 's up ? neil can I speak to you a minute ? keating certainly . sit down . Neil go to take a seat but notice the chair be pile up with book . Neil pick they up and keating get up from he seat to help he . neil I be sorry . here . keating Excuse I . get you some tea ? neil tea. sure . keating go to a table in the corner and begin pour several cup . keating like some milk or sugar in that ? neil no , thanks . neil gosh , they do not give you much room around here . keating no , it 's part of the monastic oath . they do not want worldly thing distracting I from my teach . keating give Neil a cup of tea and they return to they seat . Neil look at the photo on the desk . neil she 's pretty . keating she 's also in London . make it a little difficult . neil how can you stand it ? keating stand what ? neil you can go anywhere . you can do anything . how can you stand be here ? keating ' Cause I love teach . I do not wanna be anywhere else . keating what 's up ? neil I just talk to my father . he 's make I quit the play at Henley Hall . acting 's everything to I . I -- but he do not know . he -- I can see he point . we be not a rich family like Charlie 's , and we -- but he 's plan the rest of my life for I , and I -- h - he 's never ask I what I want . keating have you ever tell you father what you just tell I ? about you passion for act . you ever show he that ? neil I can not . keating why not ? neil I can not talk to he this way . keating then you be act for he , too . you be play the part of the dutiful son . I know this sound impossible , but you have to talk to he . you have to show he who you be , what you heart be . neil I know what he will say . he will tell I that act 's a whim , and I should forget it . that how they be count on I . he will just tell I to put it out of my mind , " for my own good . " keating you be not a indenture servant . if it 's not a whim for you , you prove it to he by you conviction and you passion . you show he that and if he still do not believe you , well , by then you will be out of school and you can do anything you want . a tear fall down Neil 's cheek and he wipe it away . neil no . what about the play ? the show 's tomorrow night . keating well , you have to talk to he before tomorrow night . neil be not there a easier way ? keating no . neil I be trap . keating no , you be not . ext . campus - day knox exit one of the door . the ground be cover with a thick layer of snow . he look around to see if anyone be about and then hurry over to the bike rack . grab one of the bike , he hurry off . int . school hallway - day a crowd of student come in from the cold . knox push he way through they , carry a handful of wildflower . he begin search for Chris . knox Chris ! he approach a girl with hair similar to Chris ' and turn she around , only to realize that it 's not she . knox Chris Noel . do you know where she be ? girl um , I think she 's in room 111 . the girl point down the hallway and knox set off in that direction . knox thanks . Chris be at she locker talk to a friend . she just close she locker as she notice knox come towards she . she turn away . knox Excuse I . Chris . CHRIS knox , what be you do here ? knox I come to apologize for the other night . I bring you this and a poem I write for you . Chris pull he aside , out of the main hallway . CHRIS knox , do not you know that , if Chet find you here he will kill you ? knox I can not care . I love you , Chris . CHRIS knox , you be crazy . knox look , I act like a jerk and I know it . please , accept this . please . CHRIS no. no -- I , I can not . forget it . Chris walk away . the school bell ring and she enter she classroom , close the door behind she . undaunted , knox follow , open the door and stand before she desk . CHRIS knox , I do not believe this . knox all I be ask you to do be listen . as knox begin to read he poem , the classroom grow quiet as everyone stop to listen . knox the heaven make a girl name Chris with hair and skin of gold . to touch she would be paradise . Chris hold she head in she hand in embarrassment . int . campus kitchen - day knox sneak in through a side door . he snatch a slice of toast from the counter and motion to one of the staff to keep secret . he then begin to eat the toast as he hurry away . int . stairway - day the school bell ring and knox push he way up the stair past the slower student . at the top he join the other boy where they be grab they book . charlie get out of here . cameron , you fool . Charlie notice knox and grab he jacket . charlie hey , how would it go ? do you read it to she ? knox yeah . the boy begin to get all excited but Charlie shush they . pitt what would she say ? knox nothing . charlie nothing . what do you mean , nothing ? knox nothing . but I do it . knox walk away down the hall and the other chase after he . charlie what do she say ? I know she have to say something . pitt come here , knox . knox seize the day ! int . keating's classroom - day keating walk from the front of the classroom to Neil 's desk . Neil be the only student remain in the class . keating do you talk to you father ? neil uh , he do not like it one bit , but at least he 's let I stay in the play . he will not be able to make , make it . he 's in Chicago . but , uh , I think he 's gonna let I stay with act . keating really ? you tell he what you tell I ? neil yeah . he be not happy . but he will be go at least four day . I do not think he will make the show , but I think he will let I stay with it . " keep up the school work . " thanks . Neil pick up he book and leave . int . bathroom - night the boy be groom themselves in front of the mirror . pitt beautiful baby . meek beautiful baby . Henley Hall , here I come . cameron Excuse I , just a moment . yes . you be so cute . cameron run a comb through he hair and Todd try to mess it up . cameron come on , Todd . I be try to fix this . todd come on , nuwanda . you be gonna miss Neil 's entrance . pitt he say something about get red before we leave . cameron get red ? what do that mean ? pitt I , uh -- well , you know Charlie . one of the stall open and Charlie 's hand emerge , hold a small brush and a bottle of red paint . cameron so , Charlie , what 's this " get red " bit ? Charlie open he unbuttone shirt to show a large red lightning bolt paint down he chest . todd w- what be that ? charlie it 's a indian warrior symbol for virility . make I feel potent , like it can drive girl crazy . Charlie button up he shirt as everyone prepare to leave . todd oh , come on , Charlie . the girl be wait . int . hallway - night the boy be walk down the hall to leave . cameron stop and stare . the other boy notice and stop as well . Charlie softly whistle at Chris stand by the door . knox stare at she in surprise knox Chris . knox leave the other boy to join she . knox what be you do here ? keating ( o.s. ) gentlemen , let 's go . knox go ahead , guy . I will catch up . charlie yeah , come on , guy . Charlie hustle the boy away . meek remain stare at she . Charlie return to drag he away . knox Chris , you can not be in here . i- if they catch you , we be both gonna be in big trouble . CHRIS oh , but it 's fine -- knox shush she and lead she out the door . ext . campus - night snow be lightly fall as Chris and knox walk outside . CHRIS it 's fine for you to come barging into my school and make a complete fool out of I ? knox I do not mean to make a fool out of you . CHRIS well , you do . Chet find out . and it take everything I could do to keep he from come here and kill you . knox , you have get to stop this stuff . knox I can not , Chris . I love you . CHRIS knox , you say that over and over . you do not , you do not even know I . keating call out from a nearby car . keating will you be join we , Mr. overstreet ? knox go ahead , Captain . I will walk . CHRIS knox , knox , it just so happen that I could care less about you ? knox then you would not be here warning I about Chet . CHRIS I have to go . I be gonna be late for the play . knox be you go with he ? CHRIS ( laugh ) Chet ? to a play ? be you kid ? knox then come with I . CHRIS knox , you be so infuriate . knox come on , Chris . just give I one chance . if you do not like I after tonight , I will stay away forever . CHRIS uh-huh . knox I promise . Dead poet honor . you come with I tonight . and then , if you do not want to see I again , I swear I will bow out . CHRIS you know what would happen if Chet find out ? knox he will not know anything . we will sit in the back and sneak away as soon as it 's over . CHRIS and I suppose you would promise that this would be the end of it . knox Dead poet honor . CHRIS what be that ? knox my word . Chris walk away from he and then turn to face he . CHRIS you be so infuriate . Chris gesture for knox to follow she . Charlie do a little twirl as he join she and put he arm around she . they walk away . int . theater - night the audience be pack . the stage be set up to resemble a forest and light dance about it . from behind a bush , Neil emerge , wear a crown of twig and berry and twig on he hand . in the audience , Charlie emerge from he seat , all excited . charlie hey , there he be ! hey , hey . cameron shove he back into he seat . keating shh , boy . on stage , Neil hide behind a tree as a girl emerge , similarly clad , but with flower in she hair . Neil sneak over to the girl . fairy either I mistake you shape and make quite , or else you be that shrewd and knavish sprite call would Robin goodfellow : puck thou speak'st aright ; in the audience , Chris and knox enter and be show to seat . puck I be that merry wanderer of the night . I jest to oberon and make he smile when I a fat and bean - feed horse beguile , puck make horse sound and the audience laugh . puck neigh in likeness of a filly foal : and sometime lurk I in a gossip 's bowl , in very likeness of a roast crab , and when she drink , against she lip I bob and on she wither would dewlap pour the ale . the wisest aunt , tell the saddest tale , in the audience , Charlie lean over towards keating . charlie ( whisper ) he 's good . he 's really good . keating give a thumb up . puck sometime for three - foot stool mistaketh I ; then slip I from she bum , down topple she , and " tailor " cry , and fall into a cough ; and then the whole quire hold they hip and laugh , and waxen in they mirth and neeze and swear a merrier hour be never waste there . but , room , Fairy ! here come oberon . fairy and here my mistress . would that he be go ! the two actor hide behind the tree , lift they twig cover hand to hide themselves . int . theater - night two other actor be onstage . lysander then by you side no bed- room I deny ; for lie so , hermia , I do not lie hermia lysander riddle very prettily : now much beshrew my manners and my pride , if hermia mean to say lysander lie . but , gentle friend , for love and courtesy lie further off ; in human modesty , such separation as may well be say become a virtuous bachelor and a may , and , good night , sweet friend : thy love not 'er alter till thy sweet life end ! Neil be watch the actor from the wing . he glance out at the audience and see he father enter the back of the theater . Neil back away into the shadow . lysander amen , amen , to that fair prayer , say I ; the director break Neil out of he thought . director Neil . that 's you cue , Neil . come on , Neil . here 's you crown . let 's go . Neil reluctantly replace he crown and follow she . int . theater - night on stage , Neil collect dew in a leaf and hold it over he head while fairy dance about . in the audience , knox take Chris ' hand in he . int . theater - night the stage be dark . a spotlight come on to reveal Neil with he back to the audience . he slowly turn around to face the audience and he father . puck if we shadow have offended , Neil direct he eye at he father , who still stand at the back of the theater . puck think but this , and all be mend , that you have but slumber would here while this vision do appear . and this weak and idle theme , no more yield but a dream , gentle , do not reprehend : if you pardon , we will mend : and , as I be a honest puck , if we have unearn luck now to 'scape the serpent 's tongue , we will make amend ere long ; else the puck a liar call ; so , good night unto you all . give I you hand , if we be friend , and Robin shall restore amend . Neil back away and the curtain close as the audience begin to applaud enthusiastically . behind the curtain numerous people congratulate Neil as they line up for the curtain call . the curtain open . Charlie and the other boy rise to they foot , follow quickly by the rest of the audience . the actor bow to continue applause . the actor push Neil forward and he take a second bow . boy yawp ! knox yeah , Neil ! the curtain close again and Neil turn around , let out a excited sigh . various actor continue to congratulate he . Neil let out a yell as he walk offstage . in the audience , while other be leave , Mr. perry approach a woman . mr. perry Excuse I , I be Neil 's father . I need to see he . backstage , the woman approach Neil . woman Neil , you father . he 's - Neil nod in agreement . actor what do you think ? woman really I think you be all just wonderful ! Neil emerge from the curtain , carry he costume . the theater be nearly empty now , except for Mr. perry stand at the back . Neil smile at he but the smile quickly disappear . ext . theater - night Mr. perry push he way through the crowd of people , with Neil close behind . mr. perry Excuse I . Excuse I . Excuse I . the boy notice Neil and try to dtop he to talk . charlie Neil , Neil , you be great . neil I can not , guy . todd Neil ! Neil ! outside of the crowd , keating manage to catch up to Neil . he take hold of Neil 's coat . keating Neil . Neil . you have the gift . what a performance you leave even I speechless . you have to stay with - Mr. perry return from he car and shove Neil aside . mr. perry get in the car . keating , you stay away from my son . charlie Neil ! Neil ! Mr. perry , come on . keating do not make it any worse than it be . Neil and Mr. perry get into they car and drive away . keating stare after they . charlie be it okay if we walk back ? Captain ? Charlie motion Todd to follow . charlie knox . the boy leave and keating continue to stare after the car , wiping the fall snow from he face . int . mr. perry' study - night a photo of Neil stand stiffly with he parent sit on a table between a glass of alcohol and a half fill ashtray . Mrs. perry watch through the window as she husband and son arrive and then take a nervous puff on she cigarette before sit down . Mr. perry walk in with Neil close behind he . Neil sit down beside the desk while Mr. perry remain stand . mr. perry we be try very hard to understand why it be that you insist on defy we . whatever the reason , we be not gonna let you ruin you life . tomorrow I be withdraw you from welton and enrol you in Braden military School . you be go to Harvard and you be gonna be a doctor . neil but that 's ten more year . Father , that 's a lifetime ! mr. perry oh , stop it . do not be so dramatic . you make it sound like a prison term . you do not understand , Neil . you have opportunity that I never even dreamt of and I be not go to let you waste they . Neil rise to he foot . neil I have get to tell you what I feel . Mrs. perry stand up . mrs . perry we have be so worried about -- mr. perry what ? what ? tell I what you feel . what be it ? Neil look to he mother and then back to he father but say nothing . mr. perry be it more of this , this act business ? because you can forget that . what ? neil nothing . Neil sit back down dejectedly . mr. perry nothing ? well , then , let 's go to bed . Mr. perry leave . Mrs. perry pause on she way out and kneel behind Neil . neil I be good . I be really good . Mrs. perry nod slightly . mrs. perry go on , get some sleep . int . mr. perry' bedroom - night Mrs. perry sit on the side of the bed with she back to she husband . Mr. perry remove he robe and slipper before get in to bed . Mrs. perry begin to cry as he turn out the light . mr. perry it 's all right . it 's go to be all right . int . neil be bedroom - night Neil 's pyjamas , bathrobe , towel , and shave kit be all neatly laid out on he bed . Neil touch he pyjamas lightly and then remove he coat and shirt . he walk over to the window and open they , take several deep breath . he place the crown of twig on he head and then close he eye , slowly let he head fall to he chest . int . hallway - night a door open and Neil emerge , slowly walk down the stair as if in a trance . int . mr. perry' study - night Neil hold a key in he hand . he unlock a drawer in he father 's desk and pull out a pistol , wrap in cloth . int . mr. perry' bedroom - night Mr. perry jerk up out of bed , startle and breathe fast . mr. perry what be that ? mrs . perry what ? mr. perry that sound . mrs . perry what sound ? Tom ? Mr. perry turn on the light and get up out of bed , put on he robe and slipper . mrs. perry what be it ? what 's wrong ? Mr. perry turn on the hallway light and knock on Neil 's door . he open the door and go inside . mr. perry Neil . Mr. perry notice the open window . mrs . perry Tom , what be it ? what 's wrong ? Neil ? Mr. perry continue to look through the house , continue downstairs . mr. perry Neil ? Mr. perry notice the door to he study be ajar . mrs . perry I will look outside . Neil ? Mr. perry flick the light on but see nothing . then he smell something . look closer , he see a thin cloud of smoke rise from behind he desk . as he move around the desk he see he gun on the floor and Neil 's outstretch hand . mr. perry no ! Mr. perry crouch down by he son . mr. perry oh , Neil ! oh , my God ! Mrs. perry enter the room and see she son . mrs . perry oh ! no ! mr. perry oh , my son ! mrs . perry he 's all right . mr. perry my son ! my poor son ! mrs . perry ( cry hysterically ) he 's all right ! he 's all right ! he 's all right ! he 's all right ! he 's all right ! he 's all right ! mr. perry stop it ! stop it ! stop it . Mr. perry hold he wife and try to comfort she . int . todd be room - night Todd be sleep . Charlie reach across to wake he . tear be run down he face . charlie Todd ? Todd . Todd , still half asleep , try to shrug he off . todd oh , Charlie . Todd open he eye and see Charlie 's face todd what be it ? Todd look over to see pitt , meek , and knox by the door . charlie Neil 's dead . ext . campus - day it be a snowy , overcast morning . Todd walk through the snow . he have he coat on over he pyjamas . the other boy follow closely behind he as he walk down towards the water . he stop and stare out at the snow - cover surroundings . todd it 's so beautiful . Todd begin to gag and then go down on he knee , vomit into the snow . the other boy huddle around he , hugging he . charlie Todd . it 's okay , Todd . pitt calm down . charlie it 's all right , Todd . pitt Todd , it 's okay . it 's okay , Todd . charlie it 's all right . it 's alright . Charlie grab a handful of snow and wipe Todd 's mouth with it . todd he would not -- he would not have do it . meek you can not explain it , Todd . todd it be he father ! charlie no ! todd he would not have leave we . it 's because he - he would not have . his dad be -- he , he father do it . charlie Todd . todd his father kill he . he make he do it . meek you can not explain it , Todd . Todd push himself away from the boy and stumble down the hill , slip and fall in the snow . meek Todd ! charlie leave he be . the boy watch as Todd run down towards the dock by the river , yell and cry . he finally seem to regain control of himself and walk in silence out onto the dock . int . keating's classroom - day keating sit by himself at he desk . after a moment he get up and walk over to Neil 's desk . open it , he find he copy of " five Centuries of verse " and flip through the first few page . sitting down at the desk , he return to the open page , read the open verse write there . keating begin to sob , then close the book . int . assembly hall - day a church service be go on . the boy have join in the other student in a hymn . Charlie be the only one not sing . he stare off into nothingness . boy ( sing ) all my life thy light shall surely follow I and in God 's house forevermore my dwelling place shall be amen . Mr. nolan stand at the pulpit , with the rest of the professor seat behind he . mr. nolan the death of Neil perry be a tragedy . he be a fine student . one of welton 's best . and he will be miss . we have contact each of you parent to explain the situation . naturally , they be all quite concerned . at the request of Neil 's family , I intend to conduct a thorough inquiry into this matter . you complete cooperation be expect . int . cloakroom - day the boy ( except cameron ) be sit about the cluttere room wait . Charlie light a cigarette . charlie you tell he about this meeting ? pitt twice . charlie that 's it , guy . we be all fry . pitt how do you mean ? charlie cameron 's a fink . he 's in nolan 's office right now , finking . pitt about what ? charlie the club , pittsie . think about it . the board of director , the trustee and Mr. nolan . do you think for one moment they be gonna let this thing just blow over ? school go down because of thing like this . they need a scapegoat . the door open . all the boy except Charlie hurry to put they cigarettes out and wave the smoke away . a light come on and cameron enter . cameron what 's go on , guy ? charlie you fink , do not you , cameron ? Charlie get up and approach cameron , toss he cigarette away . cameron fink ? I do not know what the hell you be talk about . charlie you tell nolan everything about the club be what I be talk about . cameron look , in case you have not hear , dalton , there 's something call a honor code at this school , all right ? if a teacher ask you a question , you tell the truth or you be expell . charlie you little - Charlie lunge at cameron but knox and meek hold he back . meek Charlie ! charlie he 's a rat ! he 's in it up to he eye , so he rattle to save himself . knox do not touch he , Charlie . you do and you be out . charlie I be out anyway ! knox you do not know that , not yet . cameron he 's right there , Charlie . and if you guy be smart , you will do exactly what I do and cooperate . they be not after we . we be the victim . we and Neil . charlie what 's that mean ? who be they after ? cameron why , Mr. keating , of course . the " Captain " himself . I mean , you guy do not really think he could avoid responsibility , do you ? charlie Mr. keating responsible for Neil ? be that what they be say ? cameron well , who else do you think , dumb ass ? the administration ? Mr. perry ? Mr. keating put we up to all this crap , do not he ? if he be not for Mr. keating , Neil would be cozie up in he room right now , study he chemistry and dream of be call doctor . todd that be not true , cameron . you know that . he do not put we to anything . Neil love act . cameron believe what you want , but I say let keating fry . I mean , why ruin we life ? Charlie lunge at cameron again and punch he in the face . cameron fall to the floor as the boy pull Charlie away . cameron lift a hand to he bloody nose . cameron you just sign you expulsion papers , nuwanda . cameron rise to he foot . cameron and if the rest of you be smart , you will do exactly what I do . they know everything anyway . you can not save keating , but you can save yourselves . cameron walk away , close the door behind he . int . todd be room - day Todd look out the window and watch as hager escort meek back to the dorm . Inside the room , Neil 's bed have be stripped of all its bedding . int . hallway - day meek walk slowly to he room . hager remain stand at the end of the hallway . hager knox overstreet . knox emerge from he room and go to joing hager . he give a thumb up to Todd as he pass he door . once he leave with hager , Todd go over to meek ' door . todd meek ? meek go away . I have to study . todd what happen to nuwanda ? meek expelled . todd what would you tell them ? meek nothing they do not already know . hager ( o.s. ) Todd Anderson . int . hallway - day Todd be lead up the step to Mr. nolan 's office by hager . int . nolan' office - day Todd enter the room to see he mother and father seat opposite Mr. nolan 's desk . mr. anderson hello , son . mrs . anderson hello , darling . todd Mom . the door close behind Todd . he remain stand , not know what to do . mr. nolan have a seat , Mr. Anderson . Todd sit down next to he parent . mr. nolan Mr. Anderson , I think we have pretty well put together what 's happen here . you do admit to be a part of this Dead poet Society ? Todd say nothing . mr. anderson answer he , Todd . todd yes , sir . Mr. nolan put he glass on and glance at a paper before he before remove he glass once more . mr. nolan I have here a detailed description of what occur at you meeting . it describe how you teacher , Mr. keating , encourage you boy to organize this club and to use it as a source of inspiration for reckless and self - indulgent behavior . it describe how Mr. keating , both in and out of the classroom , encourage Neil perry to follow he obsession with act when he know all along it be against the explicit order of Neil 's parent . it be Mr. keating 's blatant abuse of he position as teacher that lead directly to Neil perry 's death . Mr. nolan motion to Todd 's father , who pass along a sheet of paper to Todd . mr. nolan read that document carefully , Todd . very carefully . Todd look at the paper , which already contain the signature of the other four boy . mr. nolan if you have nothing to add or amend , sign it . todd what 's gonna happen to Mr. keating ? mr. anderson I have have enough . sign the paper , Todd . Mr. nolan hold out a pen for Todd to take . ext . campus - day Mr. mcallister lead he student , textbooks in hand , through the snow outside the classroom . mcallister grass be gramen or herba . lapis be stone . the entire building be aedificium . keating look out from he office window . mcallister pause and look up at keating , give he a brief wave . keating wave back . int . keating be office - day keating laugh slightly as he watch mcallister from the window . Inside , all he belonging have be pack up . int . keating's classroom - day the student be all seat at they desk in silence . everyone look as the door open . they quickly stand as Mr. nolan enter the room . mr. nolan sit. the student sit once again as Mr. nolan walk to the front of the room . mr. nolan I will be teach this class through exam . we will find a permanent English teacher during the break . who will tell I where you be in the pritchard textbook ? mr. nolan Mr. Anderson ? todd uh , in the , in the pr- mr. nolan I can not hear you , Mr. Anderson . todd in the , in the , in the pritchard ? mr. nolan kindly inform I , Mr. cameron . cameron we skip around a lot , sir . we cover the romantics and some of the chapter on Post Civil War literature . mr. nolan what about the realist ? cameron I believe we skip most of that , sir . mr. nolan all right , then , we will start over . what be poetry ? there be a knock at the classroom door . mr. nolan come . the student look back as the door open . they quickly turn away when hey see it be keating . keating Excuse I . I come for my personal . should I come back after class ? mr. nolan get they now , Mr. keating . mr. nolan gentlemen , turn to page 21 of the introduction . Mr. cameron , read aloud the excellent essay by Dr. pritchard on " understand poetry . " Todd slowly close he book . keating open the door to the tiny room off the classroom . cameron that page have be rip out , sir . mr. nolan well , borrow somebody else 's book . cameron they be all rip out , sir . mr. nolan what do you mean , they be all rip out ? cameron Sir , we , uh - mr. nolan never mind . Mr. nolan take he own book over to cameron 's desk and then slap the open page . mr. nolan read ! as cameron begin to read , keating look out at Todd as he put he scarf on . Todd look at he for a moment and then glance away . cameron " understand poetry by Dr. J Evans pritchard , ph.d . to fully understand poetry , we must first be fluent with its meter , rhyme and figure of speech , then ask two question : 1 ) how artfully have the objective of the poem be render and 2 ) ... " the door squeak as keating shut it behind he . cameron pause . cameron " ... how important be that objective ? question 1 rate the poem 's perfection ; question 2 rate its importance . and once this question have be answer , determine the poem 's greatness become a relatively simple matter . if the poem 's score for perfection be plotted on the horizontal of a graph - - " keating pass by Todd and the other and get to the back of the classroom before Todd leap up from he seat and turn to face he . todd Mr. keating ! they make everybody sign it . Mr. nolan get up from he desk and approach Todd . mr. nolan quiet , Mr. Anderson . todd you gotta believe I . it 's true . keating I do believe you , Todd . mr. nolan leave , Mr. keating . todd but it be not he fault ! mr. nolan sit down , Mr. Anderson ! Todd reluctantly return to he seat . mr. nolan one more outburst from you or anyone else , and you be out of this school ! leave , Mr. keating . keating hesitates at the back of the classroom . mr. nolan I say leave , Mr. keating . keating slowly turn and head to the door . as he open it , Todd , stand upon he desk and turn to keating . todd o Captain ! my Captain ! mr. nolan sit down , Mr. Anderson ! keating pause at the door and look back at Todd on he desk . mr. nolan do you hear I ? sit down ! sit down ! this be you final warning , Anderson . how dare you ? do you hear I ? after a moment of indecision , knox climb up onto he desk . knox o Captain ! my Captain ! mr. nolan Mr. overstreet , I warn you ! sit down ! pitt climb up onto he desk , follow by several other , include meek . mr. nolan sit down ! sit down . all of you . I want you seat . sit down . leave , Mr. keating . more student stand on they desk until half the class be stand . mr. nolan all of you , down . I want you seat . do you hear I ? mr. nolan sit down ! keating stand in the doorway , stare up at the boy in wonder . a smile come to he face . keating thank you , boy . thank you .