Dead bird a screenplay by Simon Barrett Simon Barrett 4335 vineland Ave. , apt. 213 Studio City CA 91602 ( 818 ) 766-8737 attackthegasstation@hotmail.com '' dead bird '' fade in ext . cornfield - morning the field be in a state of disrepair , some plant yellow and rotting , other grow outside of the weathered wooden fence that surround the field . some pattern be still apparent , indicate that at one time the corn be plant in row . a wood house rest behind the field , its shutter sway silently in the breeze . the paint have peel off the house long ago , if it be ever there , and the outside of the house have be bleach by the sun . in the field , a scarecrow stand , bound to a wooden cross with twine . this scarecrow be the only thing in the field that look as if it may have be tend to recently , its dark suit unfade and neat . at the base of the scarecrow 's cross , ant scurry up and down the wooden pole , teeming over each other ext . bank - day the year be 1862 , the second year of the american civil war . the bank , a large , plain building , rest in the center of a small southern town , on the side of a wide dirt road . a group of six confederate soldier , in gray uniform , ride down the street on well - groom horse , towards the bank . int . bank - day four of the six soldier enter the bank , the middle two each carry two bag . the bank 's counter have two bar window , one of which be already occupy by a attractive young woman in a expensive dress , who be speak intently with the teller , a young , awkward man . the four soldier cross to the other window . the old male teller at this window look at the soldier surprised , as two of they set they bag heavily on the counter . tall soldier you manager in ? the elderly teller nod . tall soldier ( cont ’d ) go get he . ( continued ) continued : the soldier wait , look around the bank , as the teller hurry away behind the window . aside from themselves and the woman at the other window , there be no other customer in the bank . a rough-looking man stand next to the door , a large four - chamber revolver stick prominently into he belt obviously represent security . a door in the wall rattles and a middle - age man step out , wear spectacle . he move towards the soldier solicitously , the old teller follow he . the tall soldier look at the man levelly . tall soldier ( cont ’d ) you maccready ? maccready yes , I be . Fred maccready 's my name . how may I help you gentleman ? tall soldier corporal Williams say you might have a place where we could put this . he indicate the bag . maccready ( hesitates ) do the corporal give you any message for I ? the tall soldier take a fold piece of paper from he pocket and hand it to maccready . maccready unfold the paper and nervously look at it . ext . bank - day the two other confederate soldier be stand outside the bank , look around , while one of they feed the horse . the other soldier , blonde and cover with dust , stand a few foot away , look down the dirt street . a few hundred foot away , four more confederate soldier be riding horse towards they , move slowly . a black man lead one of they horse , walk on foot . a medium-sized dog trot alongside he . the blonde soldier , see this , turn to he companion . blonde soldier hey , look at that . the other soldier look up from he task , squinting , revealing bad tooth . ( continued ) continued : bucktooth soldier who the hell be they ? blonde soldier I do not know . the blonde soldier turn and face the oncoming gray soldier , wave . int . bank - day maccready face the four soldier inside the bank , cheerful , pockete the note . maccready well , it look like everything 's in order , then . you understand my have to check . Security this day . the tall soldier look at he , unsmile . tall soldier you get a safe we should be take this to ? maccready the best in the state ... but first , I 'il need you to sign for this . tall soldier why ? maccready ( falter ) well ... I mean , you will want a receipt for it , will not you ? tall soldier oh. yeah , sure . maccready look at the elderly teller , gesture towards the counter . the teller shuffles away . ext . bank - day the four soldier on horseback approach the two soldier outside the bank . the man in front , with he horse be lead by the black man , have dark hair and eye and be chew tobacco . this be william . the black man , todd , be slender , and watch the two soldier , unblink . the blonde soldier address William , somewhat hesitantly . ( continued ) continued : blonde soldier where you man in from ? William slide off he horse , landing on he foot , and tie the horse 's rein to a wooden post in front of the bank . the three man on horseback behind he do the same . one of this man be SAM , who look like a young version of William and be also chew tobacco . the other two be joseph , a large , wide - shoulder man , and clyde , a smaller wiry , rugge man . the four move towards the two soldier friendly . william Camp just over that way , about two mile east , near the swamp . bucktooth soldier ( somewhat suspiciously ) who 's you lieutenant over there ? william ai not get no lieutenant right now . cap’ain louison 's around , though . the two soldier relax slightly at this response . William tap Todd on the shoulder , roughly . william ( cont 'd ) go help the man with they horse , boy . Todd shoot he a quick look , then walk over to the two soldier 's horse , head bow . the bucktooth soldier hand he the feed bag . bucktooth soldier what be you do here in town ? william ( gesture ) get some business at the bank . blonde soldier well , you be gonna have to wait a few minute . William squint up at the sun . william nope . can not wait . William begin move towards the bank . Sam , Joseph and clyde follow . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) blonde soldier ( step forward , nervous ) no , I mean , you really gotta . we can not let anyone in there right now . it will just be a few minute , though . the four man do not pause , continue towards the door to the bank . the blonde soldier and the bucktooth soldier exchange quick glance , then the blonde soldier draw he rifle , cock the hammer and leveling it at the William . blonde soldier ( cont 'd ) now , stop right - he be cut off as the blade of a thick knife enter he neck . Todd spin , tug the knife out of the blonde soldier 's throat , release a spout of blood , and stab the bucktooth soldier in the chest before the bucktooth soldier can react . Todd look up at William , stooping over the body of the bucktooth soldier . William nod , and Todd lean over and pick up the blonde soldier 's rifle , then begin untying the horse . William open the door to the bank . int . bank - day maccready and one of the other soldier be carry the four bag behind the counter when William and he man burst into the bank , draw gun . Joseph grab the security guard as the man reach for he revolver . they struggle for a moment , then Joseph break the guard 's neck , drop he to the floor , and pull out a gun . William aim he pistol at the man with the bag . william hold it there . maccready and the soldier freeze . the tall soldier pull he rifle from a holster at he bag , swinging it towards William . Sam lean over , aim he pistol , and shoot the tall soldier in the head . William empty he gun , hit both maccready and the other soldier , as clyde and Joseph shoot the other two soldier . the elderly teller , the young teller and the girl be still stand , stare . slowly , the young teller reach under the counter . the girl , stand across from he , see this . she flip a straight razor out of she sleeve , lean forward and cut the teller 's throat . the young teller fall back spraying the girl with blood . ( continued ) continued : the soldier who be move the bag with maccready be twitching on the ground , gasp , still alive . William and clyde both notice this . clyde begin pour gun powder from a paper packet into the barrel of he pistol , but William sigh , step forward , and take out a hunt knife . he walk over to the soldier and stab he in the chest William stand up , surveying the room . his eye meet the girl 's and he smile . william ( cont 'd ) hey , there . William move over to the girl , annabelle , and they kiss . she wipe she razor clean on she dress , then tuck it back into she sleeve . the young teller lie still on the opposite side of the counter . SAM Quick work , annabelle . you cut he ? I do not even see it . william alright , anyone else still alive in here ? clyde gesture at the elderly teller , who be back away from they in a corner , tremble and pale . clyde him , sort of . William begin load one of he pistol . william well , kill he . clyde aim he pistol at the elderly teller . elderly teller no , please do not ... the teller choke , then clutches at he chest . his eye roll up into he head and he fall to he knee , then to the floor , he eye close . the teller lie still on the floor clyde look at William , frown , then turn back towards the elderly teller 's prone body and shoot he . clyde just in case . Joseph and Sam be hold the four bag . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) william that heavy , Joseph ? Joseph nod , excited . william ( cont 'd ) well then , let 's get the hell out of here . ext . bank - day Todd be stand in front of the bank with he gun draw , he other hand hold all six of the soldier 's horse by the rein . he warily look up and down the street . the dog stand next to Todd , indifferent people be watch Todd , and the bank , but nobody be do anything . most people have run into building to hide , but the rest be watch Todd , unnaturally . he return they gaze , look from face to face . William , annabelle , clyde , Joseph and Sam come run out of the bank . Todd turn to they , lift the dog up into a saddlebag on one of the horse . todd about fuck time . they each leap up onto a horse , grab the rein and take they horse off down the street at a gallop . ahead of they , three man in confederate uniform run out of a grocery store , aim rifle . annabelle oh , hell . clyde , William and Todd begin shoot at the soldier as they ride past . one of the soldier be hit , fall back behind he , a woman scream . next to she , a very small boy be lie on the ground , blood all over he face and neck . everything grow still for a moment as William see this . William flinch and look away from the boy as the six thunder past the grocery store . then they be down the street and go , as the two remain soldier run around the street corner , after they horse . the woman kneel over the small boy in the street , weep . ext . plain - day the six ride they horse quickly , Sam next to William . the dog be riding in Sam 's saddlebag , and Sam feed it a piece of dry beef . ( continued ) continued : SAM good boy , dog. ( to William ) how many do you think 'il be after we ? william not many , right away , and that have be the only that could catch up in time to find we . William look over at Sam , who have a dark circle of blood grow on he shoulder , over a hole in the shirt . william ( cont 'd ) you be hit . Sam look where William be look , down at he own shoulder . SAM just in the shoulder . I do not think it 's real bad , I can move it around okay , it be not near the bone or nothing . we ’1ll get it out later . William look like he want to say more , but turn away and urge he horse on faster . ext . forest - afternoon the six carefully work they way through a dim , wood area , carefully guide they horse through tree . Sam 's shirt sleeve be red with blood , but the bleed seem to have stop and Sam be greedily eat a apple . annabelle and William ride near the front , converse quietly . annabelle be hold a compass , watch the needle sway . Todd move he horse up next to they . todd we lose ? william no . we get a couple more mile of this though , then we will reach a small stream , should be easy to cross . then we stay on a road through a few field and we should be at the place we be stay by nightfall . after that , day and a half 's ride to Mexico . Todd be silent for a moment . ( continued ) continued : annabelle todd who run this place we be stay at tonight ? william no one . todd no one ? william when I be stay at the Union hospital up near chatsville , get some metal bit pull out of my arm by the most beautiful nurse in the world ... ( he look at annabelle , who ignore he ) ... I be put next to this soldier , just a kid , really , have a gut wound somebody put there with a bayonet . we talk all the day , get to know each other pretty good , he be a right enough sort . around the end , when he be start to get pretty sick all the time ... look up at they . annabelle the bile in he gut spread . william yeah . that it do . kid tell I about this place he inherite down south , big ‘ol house , couple hundred acre , he get it from some great - uncle he never know . he give I pretty good direction to the place , he do not have no family or a girl or nothing , and say he want I to join up with he if he ever make it down there . kid plan to get rich off farming . he be not too bright . ( shrug ) he die a couple of day after that . annabelle ( almost to herself ) his name be jeffy . jeffy hollister . he be a good kid . he use to call I ' Belle . william yeah , I remember that . ( pause ) ( more ) ( continued ) 10 . continued : ( 2 ) william ( cont 'd ) so , anyway , I guess you could say the place we be head to be mine . or anyone 's who want it , anyway . todd what if some folk move in there ? william it 's in the middle of nowhere ... I figure if we drop the name jeffy hollister whoever 's live there might show some hospitality . if they do not , well , we 'il have to take care of they either way . it 's a place to stay . they ride in silence for a moment . the forest , overcast with tree , be grow darker . todd how 's you brother do ? William glance over at Sam . william he 's fine for now . we ’1ll get the bullet out when we reach the house , annabelle can take care of that . after that , he should be good . the group be silent as they continue through the tree . something move in a thick bush as they move past , and Joseph jump , startle . a bird 's harsh , unidentifiable cry come from the bush . clyde laugh at Joseph . clyde whoa , Joseph , stay on you horse there , big guy . just a crow or something . joseph ( embarrassed ) you better shut up . clyde smile , but be silent . ext . dirt road - evening the sun be set as the six make they way down a narrow dirt road , corn field on either side of they . the row of corn cast the field in shadow , so that the road ahead be dark . at the front of the group , William and annabelle speak quietly . ( continued ) continued : annabelle 11 . william I think I kill a kid . back in the town . do you see it ? annabelle yeah , I think I see he fall . you sure that be you ? could have be anyone . william I think it be I . annabelle why ? william I do not know . ( pause ) do not tell the other . if they do not notice , they should not know . be silent for a moment , think . annabelle we almost there ? William nod . up ahead , annabelle ( cont ’d ) we be not lose , be we ? I have not see a house for awhile . william they be back there . it 's along this road , we just gotta go until we find it . annabelle it 's get dark soon . too many cloud for the moon to do we any good . william I know it . a clanking sound come . the six immediately slow they horse , move quietly . William 's clyde ( speak softly to Todd ) what 's that ? todd I do not know . you get a lantern ? eye be narrow and cold . ( continued ) 12 . continued : ( 2 ) william do not . hold up a bit . the six ride forward in the dark , very slowly , reach the top of a small hill . the noise from ahead be now more regular , and the sound of a horse 's footfall can be distinguished from a regular creak sound . further along the path , in the darkness ahead , a dim light become visible . the light sway back and forth slightly , move towards they . the dog , Dog , look up and growl slightly . Sam put a hand on Dog to silence he . william ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) you see that ? annabelle draw out she pistol . annabelle yeah . the group have grow silent , watch the bob light move closer . clyde will - ox-wisp . todd we be not near no swamp . clyde ai not unheard of . annabelle it look like a lantern . william Sam ? SAM yeah ? william give we some light here . SAM you sure ? william come on . ( continued ) 13 . continued : ( 3 ) Sam strike a match on he thumbnail and hold it to a soot - cake lantern , lighting the wick . the lantern fizzle , then glow brightly , illuminate a large , black horse several yard in front of the group . they all jump . clyde shit ! the horse continue walk passively towards they . as it move closer , the carriage that the horse be pull become visible . a lantern and several pot , pan and other unidentifiable object hang from the roof of the carriage . a old man sit at the front , behind the horse , silent . William clear he throat and address the old man : william Excuse I . the man do not respond . Joseph stir on he horse , uneasily . William speak louder . william ( cont ’d ) Excuse I ! the old man draw back on the horse 's rein . the horse grunt softly and come to a stop . the old man turn to face William , he eye look beyond he . the old man have no pupil ; he eye be pale blue , wash clean by glaucoma . old man who 's that ? william I , uh ... say , we be look for the hollister place . be it far from here ? old man hollister ? ( shake he head ) never hear of it . the old man turn away , lift the horse 's rein . william ( surprised ) be you sure ? it 's a large farm , should be just up the road . right after a creek . old man there 's no creek around here . not for mile . ( more ) ( continued ) 14 . continued : ( 4 ) old man ( cont 'd ) ( pause ) sorry I could not help you . the old man lash the rein and the horse start forward again , easily pull the carriage into motion . William and he group sit silently , pensive . as the carriage move past they , Sam 's lantern reveal a boy stand inside the carriage , look out at they through a oblong window cut into the side of the carriage . the boy appear to be mentally disabled , and watch they completely without movement or expression . after a moment , the carriage be past the group , its lantern light fade into the darkness of the road behind they . Todd spit tobacco juice into the cornfield as Joseph cough uneasily . annabelle and Sam look at William , who kick at the side of he horse . william well , come on , then . annabelle and Sam immediately follow he . Todd , Joseph and clyde exchange glance , then head after William , one by one . ext . dirt road - evening the road be get narrower and increasingly cover with tall grass , bent down in some area but seemingly untouched in other . annabelle and William can barely ride alongside each other . Sam be riding in front of they , slowly , with Dog run alongside Sam 's horse , visible in the lantern 's circle of light . annabelle I do not like the look of this . william we have sleep on grass before . annabelle we do not even know where we be . william we have get we compass . ( he nod over to he leave ) Mexico 's that way . up ahead , Sam 's horse suddenly come to a dead stop . William and annabelle tug on they horse 's rein quickly to avoid run into he , cause they horse to rear up slightly . ( continued ) 15 . continued : SAM hey ! clyde ( tense ) what be it ? SAM well , look at this . Sam lift up he lantern in front of he as the other crowd around he , take they horse into the field , which be suddenly thin and rocky . a creek , about fifteen foot wide , bubbles in front of they , its water black by the lantern light . todd well , what the hell . SAM ( to Dog ) C ’mere , girl . Sam lift Dog up into he saddlebag , then ride out into the creek . the water , though move at a good speed , be only about a foot and a half deep . William nudge he horse forward , into the water , look down . william shit. crazy old man . William begin riding forward , across the creek . william ( cont 'd ) come on ! it should not be far from here . the rest of the group follow he forward , along the trail . ext . farm - evening the trail fork up ahead . perhaps there be a path to the house once , but if so , the path be long ago consume by the thick corn field that surround the house on all side . in front of the house , the yard be so crowded with tall grass and weed that it appear to be a field itself . the house sit on the horizon , just visible by the final orange ray of the sun . there be a stone well to the side of the house , and clothesline hang at angle just beyond this well . behind the house be a tall barn , almost as big as the house itself . ( continued ) 16 . continued : William , annabelle and Sam be the first to see the house , and they stand in the road , wait for the other three to catch up . the house , a dark silhouette by the sun set behind it , present something of a ominous sight . William wet he lip with he tongue . SAM well . look like a nice place . Sam climb off he horse , hold its rein . the horse shy away , and Sam pet it , hush it . annabelle and William also climb off they horse . annabelle watch the house carefully . in one of the window of the house , a previously indistinguishable shape suddenly shift and disappear from the window . annabelle , see this , involuntarily take a step back . william what be it ? annabelle I ... ( consider ) I see something in one of the window . SAM I be sure there be something in one of the window . that whole place have get to be fill with all kind of critter . probably see a bird or something . william ( to annabelle ) something , or someone ? annabelle someone . like they be watch we . William look at the house , as clyde , Todd and Joseph ride up behind they . william we will be careful . William step out into the cornfield , push the stalk apart with one hand , hold he horse 's rein with the other . suddenly , a creature with glow eye leap out at William from the field , squealing . the creature be about the size of a large raccoon . William shout and spin to the side as the creature run past he . ( continued ) 17 . continued : ( 2 ) just as it pass William , the creature be knock onto its back by a gunshot . Sam hold a smoking gun , frown down at the creature . Dog begin growl . william ( cont 'd ) Jesus Christ ... todd what the hell be that ? the creature have soft white fur on its stomach , but have a pig - like snout , long claw , and a bald , pink tail . the hair on its back be thick and bristle . the creature shake for a moment , bleed from its back , its leg pivote , then be still . Dog quiet down . SAM it look like some kind of giant rat . todd yeah , right . do you see its eye ? SAM how do you think I know where to shoot at ? annabelle softly walk over to the creature and kick its side , barely . the creature be still . SAM ( cont ’d ) ( to William ) you all right ? William stiffen slightly , regain he composure . william yeah . I be fine . that thing give I a start , that 's all . todd it be not breathe . william well , that 's good news . what be it ? clyde kinda look like a porcupine . or a pig . todd built almost like a baby bear , a little . ( continued ) 18 . continued : ( 3 ) joseph maybe a porcupine and a muskrat have a kid . clyde look at Joseph quickly , to see if he be kid . clyde yeah , maybe . william well , let 's get go . William step back towards the cornfield . everyone look at he , hesitantly . Williams move towards the cornfield , then when no one follow , turn back sardonically towards the group . william ( cont ’d ) hey , Sam ? SAM yeah ? william keep you eye out for more of that thing , alright ? William turn and walk into the cornfield . Sam follow , then Todd , then annabelle and the rest , lead they horse . ext . cornfield - evening the six work they way through the dark cornfield , push unruly stalk to the side . Sam , Joseph and Todd each hold lantern , which do little good in the dense cornfield except to create alarming shadow . the horse make nervous sound every now and then , but continue forward . suddenly annabelle , up ahead , give a sharp cry . Joseph , Todd and clyde rush forward towards the sound of she voice . annabelle be stand , one hand on she chest , in front of a scarecrow . the scarecrow 's limb be tie to a wooden cross with barb wire . a canvas sack , fill with peculiar lump and shadow , form the scarecrow 's head . Joseph look up at it . william ( annoyed ) oh , what the hell ... ( continued ) 19 . continued : annabelle that thing scared the life out of I . I think it be a man . SAM it 's creepy , alright . Todd and clyde stare up at the scarecrow skeptically . Dog stand next to he . Joseph sniff the air . joseph what smell funny ? todd ( to annabelle ) you want we to take it down ? annabelle no ! do not touch it ! I mean , there 's no point . let 's not bother . it just give I a start , that 's all . todd all right . William cough and spit . william ( sarcastic ) yes , it 's a very frightening scarecrow . if I be a crow , I have go elsewhere . since I be not , anyone else want to get a move on ? annabelle look down , embarrassed . William roll he eye at she and the group move past the scarecrow . Dog and Joseph give it a wide berth and the horse make nervous noise as they pass . SAM what direction be the house in ? hey , Joseph , can you see the house ? joseph not over this corn . want I to climb up on my horse ? SAM William , you know what direction we be head in ? William look back at he , then point ahead , to the leave . ( continued ) 20 . continued : ( 2 ) william the house be that way . SAM you sure ? I would have think we have be there by now . william cornfield always look smaller before you be fight you way through they . SAM I guess that 's about right . they work they way through the field . one of the horse whinny . SAM ( cont ’d ) damn , it 's quiet . todd I know . clyde be in the lead , gruffly shove he way through the cornstalk . he suddenly stumble out of the cornfield and find himself face the house . the house be wear , its board bleach by exposure to the element . the window be dark . the front door lean open . clyde well , hell . the other stumble up behind clyde . william well , there it be . clyde yeah . William look around . nobody be move . william come on , then . William walk over to a twisted oak tree , lean several foot in front of the house , and tie he horse to a hang branch . William 's horse shuffles slightly , roll its eye . William console it . ( continued ) 21 . continued : ( 3 ) william ( cont 'd ) shhh , girl . we 'il get you some water ina bit . todd the horse be act weird . william of course they be . they be horse . they be stupid and crazy . todd huh . well , someone should rub they down later , if they be gonna be any good tomorrow . joseph I ’1l1 do it , I do not mind . the rest of the group tie they horse to the tree . William move over , towards the house ; the other follow . Sam take a step forward , then quickly step back , look at the ground . SAM Hell ... annabelle what ? SAM I just step on a bird . a dead , slightly decaye bird rest on the ground . Sam examine the sole of he boot . SAM ( cont ’d ) that 's a first . Sam look around . another dead bird rest on the ground , a few foot away . Dog sniff at it . SAM ( cont ’d ) look , there 's another one ! annabelle be clearly not very interested in this . annabelle huh . SAM there must be , like , cat around here or something . ( continued ) 22 . continued : ( 4 ) annabelle yeah . come on . I want to get that bullet out of you before a infection can start spread . SAM sure thing . ( to Dog ) come on , Dog ! Sam follow annabelle up towards the house . Dog , after a moment , trot after he . ext . house porch - evening William step up onto the wooden porch . as Joseph step up next to he , the board beneath they creak ominously . Joseph and William look at each other , then William take Joseph 's lantern and step into the house . Todd look back at the horse , tie to the oak tree . the horse be silent . Todd move up onto the porch . int . house front room - evening William 's lantern illuminate the front room of the house . a wooden table sit over in a corner of the room , surround by several chair . a thick layer of dust cover nearly everything . Joseph begin to step forward into the room , but William put a hand across Joseph 's chest , stop he . Joseph look at William , questioningly . William point the lantern down at the floor . two pair of footprint be imprint in the dust on the wooden floor , large boot print . the boot print lead off into the darkness of the house . clyde and Todd have move in behind William and Joseph . clyde what 's go on ? clyde see the footprint on the floor and be quiet . todd it 's probably just some tramp . I have settle here , if I be they . let 's look around and find ‘em . William look at Todd . ( continued ) 23 . continued : todd ( cont ’d ) there 's only two of they . william ( nod ) alright . but everyone be careful . they move into the house , follow by Sam and annabelle . Dog trot in with they , look around . Dog 's ear be up . Joseph immediately cross over to the wooden table and drop the four bag . the table creak . one of the bag come open slightly , and a few gold coin spill out onto the table . Joseph look at the gold , then pick a coin up and bite it . he examine he tooth mark in the gold . william ( cont 'd ) do not chew on the gold , Joseph . Joseph quickly put the coin back down on the table . William address the group : william ( cont 'd ) let 's split up into pair , search this floor and the upstairs . and the cellar , if this place have one . todd they might be out in that old barn . that look big enough . william we 'il check that after we finish with the house . William step further into the house , shine he lantern around . a kitchen area , with a coal stove , be barely visible through a doorway ; the corner of the kitchen be dark . annabelle I want to get to work on Sam 's shoulder right away . william yeah . that 's a good idea . SAM it 's fine . it can wait . william oh yeah , little brother ? bullet just bounce off you now , huh ? ( continued ) 24 . continued : ( 2 ) Sam grin at William . william ( cont 'd ) clyde and Joseph , you guy take the upstairs . Todd and I will check this floor . clyde and Joseph nod and walk off . William look over at Dog , who be stare around the room . william ( cont 'd ) hey , you want to come with we ? sniff something out ? Dog look at William , then slink under a chair and curl up . william ( cont 'd ) that 's thing 's goddamn useless , Sam . alright , then . William and Todd begin move away . annabelle ( to William ) be careful . william you too . Sam , keep a hand on you gun . I do not want anybody sneaking up on we tramp or no . SAM do not worry about that . william I be sure they have see we lantern by now , so they might come look for we . SAM maybe we scared they off . william if they have be stay here ? not likely . William and Todd walk into the kitchen . annabelle set she lantern down on the table , turn it up , so that the room grow brighter . she beckon Sam over to a chair ; he sit . annabelle begin fiddling through a satchel , pull out tool , as Sam unbutton and peel off he shirt . he wince as he shoulder stretch . ( continued ) 25 . continued : ( 3 ) annabelle leave it on , we will just move it aside . annabelle push Sam 's shirt open , over he shoulder , expose he torso . the bullet wound in Sam 's shoulder be very dark , almost black , and moist with purple blood . a large , bluish well surround the wound . annabelle wince when she see the wound . annabelle ( cont ’d ) Jesus . annabelle gently press on the swollen area of flesh that surround the bullet hole . Dark blood , almost black , well out of the scabby wound and crawl down Sam 's chest . Sam , curious , peer down , try to see he own shoulder SAM yeah , that do not look too good , do it ? int . kitchen - evening William and Todd look around the kitchen . Todd open the stove and sift the ash inside . todd this have not be use anytime soon . william huh . William be look at the counter , where a dirty , cloth doll lie , its limb askew . one of the doll 's button eye be miss . todd let 's keep move . william yeah . int . stairway to second floor - evening clyde and Joseph cautiously make they way up the stair Joseph in the lead . clyde this be a pretty nice place . Real fancy . guy who build it must have be rich . ( continued ) 26 . continued : they reach the top of the stairwell and find themselves in a short hallway , with three door , one in front of they , the other two at opposite end of the hallway . joseph think that guy be up here ? clyde maybe . do not worry , they 'il take one look at you and wet themselves , big guy . joseph I could crush they . clyde I know it . here , you go check that room down there , and I 'il check this one . joseph okay . int . child 's bedroom - evening Joseph move down the hallway , away from clyde . Joseph open the door at the end of the hall and walk slowly into the room . Joseph look around the sparse bedroom . two small bed rest against one wall . there be a dresser in the room , and a closet . Joseph carefully walk into the room , check behind the bed . nothing be there . he move over to the closet door , somewhat nervous . Joseph turn the doorknob slowly and open the closet door shine he lantern in . the closet have a few set of child 's clothes , include a small dress . the hang clothes cast dark shadow inside the closet . Joseph push the clothes apart , to determine that nothing be behind they . he breathes a slight sigh of relief when he see nothing but wall and walk back through the bedroom . just as Joseph reach the doorway to the bedroom , a slight scratch sound come from within the room . Joseph stop and turn around , hold the lantern out . he appear to be alone in the bedroom . joseph be anyone there ? ( continued ) 27 . continued : there be no response . Joseph narrow he eye , look at the bed . he crouch down to peer under they , but it be too dark to see under the bed from the door . Joseph rise to a stand position . a dark figure be stand behind he . Joseph start and whirl around to face clyde , who jump back . clyde shit ! joseph oh , man ... you scared I . clyde pause as they both catch they breath . clyde yeah , this place make I a little jumpy , too ... nothing in there ? joseph Nah , nothing . anything in yours ? clyde just some weird clothes and stuff . look like it be a guest room or something that no one ever use , the bed 's still make . ( pause ) let 's check the third room together . joseph okay . clyde and Joseph walk down the hallway . int . sitting room - evening William stand in a room , shine he lantern around . the room feature a large , black piano , cover with dust . a few plush chair be line against one wall . stack of sheet music be pile on a small table . move forward , William see that a dirty picture frame be propped up against the side of the piano , its back face outward . William reach out and turn the picture frame over , direct he lantern light onto it . the picture on the front of the frame be of a man seat ina chair , with what appear to be two small boy and a very young girl stand around he , face forward . the four figure be all clad in formal attire . ( continued ) 28 . continued : it be a very traditional family portrait , but it do not seem to have be fully finish , give the portrait a eerie quality ; the facial feature of the child be absent , as if the artist never get around to the detail on they likeness , and the man 's facial expression look inappropriately somber . William stare at the portrait , eye narrow , and the man 's image on the canvas gaze back out at he . William nervously look behind he , into the darkness . william hey , Todd , get a look at this . there be no response . a creak sound come from the darkness just outside the doorway , then silence . william ( cont 'd ) Todd ? todd ( 0.s. ) yeah ? William react to Todd 's voice with visible relief . william what be you do ? todd ( 0.s. ) there 's a door here , I be try to get it open . William move forward , towards Todd 's voice . int . downstair hallway - evening William move into a hallway , where Todd have he shoulder brace against a thick wooden door . todd this look like it might go down toa fruit cellar or something , it 's in the right place for it . william you can not get it open ? todd Nah , it 's like there 's something up against it . William place he lantern on the floor and move to the door , next to Todd . ( continued ) 29 . continued : they brace themselves against the door and try to force it open , strain against the door . the door bend but do not give . william Hell . they stop try . Todd stretch he back . todd it do not feel like it 's lock or anything , though ; the door give near the handle . william yeah . we ’1ll get Joseph back here , see if he can force it . fail that , we ’1ll chop it down . would not want anyone to have barricade themselves in there especially if we be go to get any sleep tonight . todd yeah . Todd put he head against the door , listen , then tap on it with he hand . william come on , let 's get back and see how Sam 's do . todd sure . int . front room - evening annabelle pull a small lump of metal out from Sam 's shoulder , use a pair of thin plier . Sam grit he tooth , he eye clench shut . annabelle there . we be do . Sam open he eye , relax slightly . Red blood flow from he wound . he reach forward , grab a bottle of whiskey from the table and drink deeply from it . Sam stop drink to gasp : SAM Christ . ( continued ) 30 . continued : annabelle hopefully that x11 help matter . SAM you get anything to bandage it up with ? annabelle just a second . annabelle take the bottle of whiskey from he and take a quick drink . she then bend forward and pour whiskey onto he wound . Sam jerk away . SAM shit ! ow ! annabelle take another drink of whiskey , then pass the bottle back over to Sam , who stare at she resentfully . annabelle that x11 do . annabelle pull out some cotton bandage and begin lace they over Sam 's shoulder . SAM you could have tell I you be go to do that . annabelle quit whining . Sam tenderly touch he shoulder , still wince . his face be flushed and cover with sweat . annabelle suddenly turn towards a window , which face outside . annabelle ( cont ’d ) do you see that ? Sam turn , follow she gaze . the window be completely dark . SAM what ? annabelle I think I see someone stand on the porch . ( pause ) it might have just be my reflection . Sam tighten he grip on he pistol , watch the window . ( continued ) 31 . continued : ( 2 ) SAM yeah ? both annabelle and Sam look over at the front door , which be slightly open . a breeze move the front door open a few inch . behind they , William and Todd walk into the room . William nod over to Sam . william how you do ? Sam glance over at William , surprised . SAM just splendid . william ( to annabelle ) be you able to get it out ? annabelle yeah . it 's weird ... it be not that deep . todd we should start lighting this lantern around here . Todd indicate two lantern , mount on the wall . william yeah , good idea . Todd move over and light the two lantern , which flare immediately to life . todd they have still get oil in they . william good . the front door creak open further . everyone in the room look at this nervously , and the lantern flicker slightly . william ( cont 'd ) Fucking wind . Sam rise to he foot and cross over to the door , hold one hand over he bandage . 32 . ext . porch - evening Sam step out onto the porch and look around . there be nothing on the porch . it be almost completely dark outside , and he can see very little . he squint into the darkness then turn and walk back into the front room . int . front room - evening Joseph and clyde walk into the room from the kitchen at the same time as Sam , dimming they lantern as they enter . clyde have something sling over he arm . annabelle and William turn to regard they . clyde look what we find in a bedroom upstairs . he hold out the object . it be a gray confederate army jacket . everyone regards this silently . Sam sit back down across annabelle , a pensive expression on he face . SAM deserter ? william maybe . do you find anything else ? clyde nothing important . this be hang over a bedpost . william that change matter . clyde they might have just move on . william maybe . why would they leave they jacket ? clyde probably ' cause they find a better one . there 's plenty of clothes upstairs . if you be a deserter , sometimes the best idea be not to go around in you army uniform . William nod . SAM still , we should check out that barn now , just to be sure . ( continued ) 33 . continued : clyde I agree . clyde pull out a pistol and cock it . he grin over at Todd . clyde ( cont ’d ) you want to go hunt ? Todd shrug . todd it 's nothing to I . william regardless of whether we find anything , we 'il sleep in shift tonight . I know I ’1ll sleep better know someone 's on watch . we will keep the lantern on in this room so someone can stay up . SAM I will take the first shift . I be not tired . william okay . Dog , underneath the chair , begin edging forward , its hackles rise . Dog be look at a empty corner of the room . nobody notice Dog . todd this place be not exactly turn out to be the safe haven we hope for . william I know it . we 'il move on at first light tomorrow . Dog begin growl at the empty corner of the room . Dog quickly look over at the open front door of the house , then look back at the corner , slowly back away . todd what the hell ? Dog continue growl and edging away from whatever have its attention in the corner . William and clyde move over to stare at the corner of the room from Dog 's angle . clyde do you see anything over there ? ( continued ) 34 . continued : ( 2 ) william nope . SAM ( to Dog ) what the hell 's wrong with you ? Dog do not acknowledge Sam . suddenly Dog leap back with a yelp , turn and run out of the house . Sam rise to he foot , move after Dog . SAM ( cont ’d ) hey ! Dog ! get back here ! Sam step forward , but clutches he shoulder , wince . SAM ( cont ’d ) damn ... annabelle move over to Sam . annabelle you alright ? SAM yeah , I be fine ... I just get a little dizzy there . let I sit down . Sam sit back in he chair . clyde and William move outside , William turn up he lantern . ext . house porch - evening the yard be completely dark . the lantern barely illuminate the cornstalk that surround the house . clyde move down the porch step , call out : clyde Dog ! hey , dog ! come here ! clyde clap he hand and whistle . the horse , nearby in the front yard , stomp they foot anxiously , make noise . in the cornfield , something rustle and move the stalk . William and clyde turn towards this sound . william there he be . clyde Dog ! come on , boy ! the rustling sound do not come again . a light breeze gently stir the corn stalk around they . ( continued ) 35 . continued : clyde ( cont ’d ) maybe we should get some of that jerky , set it out for he . he 'il come back when he want to , I reckon . william setting out jerky will probably just get we possum . clyde yeah . William kick at the ground . william we will do it anyway . just in case . clyde yeah . clyde and William head back towards the house . Todd and Joseph be in the doorway , watch . todd he 's not out there ? william he take off . he 'il be back . he 's run off like this before . todd never like the hound of hell be after he . clyde that be damn weird , be not it ? william he 's a dog . dog be weird . they walk inside . int . front room - evening William look at Sam , who be still seat . Sam be play with the gold coin . william you do alright ? ( continued ) 36 . continued : SAM yeah , I be fine , I just get a little queasy . I must have lose more blood than I think . william you still want first watch ? SAM yeah . I might pass out , but I will not be fall asleep . ( pause ) just kid . in the distance , thunder rumble . they look up at the sound . todd that 's just great . william hey , it be not bad . a good storm could get rid of any track we might have leave . SAM but if the ground get muddy , we could leave track that 's 1l last for day . William smile at Sam . william hey , Sam ? cheer up . Thunder rumble again . william ( cont 'd ) yeah . anyway , who 's go out to the barn ? annabelle I will . clyde sure . ext . barn - evening Joseph , clyde , William and annabelle step out of the back door of the house , face the large barn . a stone well and a outhouse be position near the side of the house . between the house and the barn , two empty clothesline hang between oak tree , sway in the wind . ( continued ) 37 . continued : annabelle I 'il be just a second . annabelle walk towards the outhouse . William , clyde and Joseph walk over to the barn . the large , double door to the barn stand open ; it be dark within . clyde walk inside the barn , hold he lantern high . William and Joseph follow . int . barn - evening the barn be large , with a loft . the lantern William , clyde and Joseph hold illuminate the tall wall . beneath the loft be three room , divide by wooden wall . this room each contain thin mattress on the floor . joseph what 's that ? clyde slave quarter . clyde look up at the roof of the barn . clyde ( cont ’d ) the roof look tight . I would not want to sleep in the hay up there , though . who know what 's up there . william let 's find out . William walk over to a tall ladder that lead up to the loft . holding he lantern with one hand , he begin scale the ladder . clyde careful up there . william yeah . about halfway to the loft , the rung under William 's foot break with a dry snap . William grab onto another rung with he free hand , but it be also rotten , and come off in he hand . William fall to the ground , about six foot , landing on he back . his lantern hit the ground next to he , shatter and spilling flame oil onto the ground . William roll away . ( continued ) 38 . continued : clyde shit . clyde begin attempt to kick dirt onto the flame pool of oil , to no avail . joseph hold on ! Joseph run away , as William sit up , cough . a moment later , Joseph run into the barn again , carry a bucket of water . he throw the water onto the fire , dousing it . William rise to he foot , brush himself off . william damn . clyde you alright ? william yeah . well , forget that . whatever 's up there be not get down , anyway . goddamnit . William kick the ladder , break another rung . behind he , Joseph wander off , towards a corner of the barn . lightn flash , fill the barn with pale light , abruptly casting strange shadow across the barn . the large shadow of a figure loom over the shadow of William and clyde . they jump and whirl around , to face annabelle . clyde grab at he chest . annabelle what ? clyde Hell . this place be turn I into a little girl . william let 's go back inside . annabelle we should put the horse in here . before the storm really spook they . william yeah . ( continued ) 39 . continued : ( 2 ) William move ahead of they , towards the house . annabelle look at clyde . annabelle what happen ? clyde William break the ladder . over in the corner , Joseph be kick at a pile of straw . he bend down and extract a object from the straw . joseph hey ! William look over at Joseph , who hold the object out . it be a wear , damage book , which appear to be bound in dark leather . joseph ( cont 'd ) I think I see something in there . it look like a bible . Joseph flip through the book , then shut it . Joseph hand the book to William , then examine one of he finger and begin suck on it . joseph ( cont ’d ) damn . william what ? joseph Paper cut . ( indicate the book ) what 's it say ? William flip through the page of the book . there be no image , just page after page of indecipherable write in dark ink . the write appear to be Arabic . william I do not know . Joseph look at William suspiciously . William hold the book up , page out . william ( cont 'd ) it 's not in English , Joseph . annabelle let I see that . ( continued ) 40 . continued : ( 3 ) William hand the book to she . annabelle flip through it frown . annabelle ( cont ’d ) weird . be this a code ? william how should I know ? todd I wonder who leave it here . william come on , let 's get out of here before that storm come any closer . you can play with the book inside . Joseph pick up the bucket and they exit the barn . ext . barn - evening as William , clyde , and annabelle walk back into the house , Joseph move over to the well and tie the bucket back to a rope , which hang over a bar above the well . int . front room - evening Todd and Sam be both drink from the bottle of whiskey and count gold piece at the table . clyde nod at they as he , William , annabelle and Joseph walk into the room from the porch . annabelle set the book down on the table , next to the gold . clyde ( to Todd ) that 's not all the whiskey we have , be it ? todd I get two more bottle . clyde pass that here . Sam pass clyde the bottle . clyde drink and pass it to William , who drink . int . hallway - moment later annabelle and William stand in the hallway , close to each other . behind they , Todd , Sam , clyde and Joseph be play card at the table , two half - empty bottle in front of they . ( continued ) 41 . continued : annabelle they say there be some bed upstairs . william you want to lie down for a little while ? annabelle or something . they kiss , lightly , then annabelle pull away from William . he lean towards she and they kiss again , longer . william sound good . William and annabelle surreptitiously exit the hallway . int . MAIN bedroom - moment later annabelle and William be entangle on a large bed , make love by the light of a candle mount on a thick , wooden dresser . annabelle be on top of William . the flicker candle flame cast strange shadow over she face . int . house front room - evening Joseph throw down he card and stretch . Sam , clyde and Todd continue covertly stare at they card . Sam be sweat and pale . joseph that 's it . I be out . todd Wise decision . wiser than we friend here , who be go to lose they share before they even get to count it . clyde chuckle . clyde you would be better at bluff , Todd , if you have play it down a little . i’1l see you , and I ’1ll raise you five more . Todd whistle slowly , shaking he head . Sam frown . outside , lightning flash , illuminate the horse . one of the horse rear up with a snort . joseph aw , hell , I should get that horse into the barn before this storm get any closer . ( continued ) 42 . continued : Joseph rise to he foot . clyde look up at he . clyde you need any help ? joseph I be fine . clyde ' Kay . clyde return he attention to the card . Joseph step outside . ext . backyard - evening Joseph lead three horse through the backyard , into the barn . int . barn - moment later Joseph tie the three horse next to the other three horse . the horse seem somewhat calmer in the barn . one of they lean down to chew on some hay . joseph there you go . i’1l go and get you some water , how 's that ? Joseph pat one of the horse and exit the barn . ext . well - evening Joseph walk up to the well , hold onto the bucket and rope with one hand . at the bottom of the well , a slight splash sound be audible , follow immediately by a small voice , that of a child 's . young boy ( 0.s. ) please ... please help I ... Joseph freeze , then lean over to look into the well , still hold the bucket . the well be completely dark ; nothing be visible inside . joseph hello ? the voice come again , as if from the bottom of the well . young boy ( 0.s . ) please help I ! help I out of here ! ( continued ) 43 . continued : joseph ( confuse ) be you in the water down there ? young boy ( 0.s. ) yes . help I ! joseph be you okay ? young boy ( 0.s. ) please , help I ! my daddy throw I in here , mister . the water 's too deep ! joseph ( to himself ) my god . Joseph look around , as if look for help , then call down into the well . joseph ( cont 'd ) hang on just a second , kid . I be lowering a bucket down , okay ? no sound come from the bottom of the well . joseph ( cont ’d ) okay ? young boy ( 0.s. ) please hurry ! it 's cold . Joseph quickly begin lowering the bucket . joseph okay . do not worry , I x11 pull you up out of there in just a moment ( to himself , angry ) then we 'il talk about what the hell 's go on here . the rope go slack in Joseph 's hand . joseph ( cont 'd ) can you see the bucket ? it 's down there . ( pause ) have you get it ? the rope be pull taut again . Joseph grip it with one hand . young boy ( 0.s. ) yes . I have get it . ( continued ) 44 . continued : ( 2 ) joseph okay . now just hold on to that bucket , alright ? Joseph begin pull the bucket up , drag up the rope , hand over hand . the child clearly weigh more than Joseph expect , and he grit he tooth as he pull . joseph ( cont ’d ) ( to himself ) Jesus . Joseph begin drag the bucket back up , strain against the rope . joseph ( cont 'd ) ( call out ) how be you do ? there be no response from the well . Joseph continue pull the bucket up . joseph ( cont ’d ) almost there ... Joseph reach forward into the darkness of the well , to take hold of the rope , and a child 's small hand reach out from the darkness , grab onto Joseph 's wrist . Joseph 's eye widen in surprise . quickly , Joseph be yank off he foot , down into the well . the bucket move with he , the rope twist after it . there be a large splash sound , then silence from within the well . the wind toss the grass around the well . lightn flash . int . front room - evening clyde react to the lightning , look around . Sam and Todd be still play card . clyde I wonder what 's take Joseph ? Todd shrug , then look at Sam curiously . todd hey , Sam , you okay there ? Sam be rub at he collarbone . ( continued ) 45 . continued : SAM I do not know . this wound 's kind of itching . todd that mean it 's heal . SAM yeah . ( pause ) what the hell be take Joseph ? Todd look up . the three exchange glance . ext . backyard - moment later Todd , Sam and clyde walk out into the backyard , hold gun , look around . clyde hey , Joseph ! you out here ? the wind toss the branch of a nearby oak tree . Sam scowl up at this . todd I 'il check the barn . int . MAIN bedroom - moment later William and annabelle lie in bed together , naked under the cover . annabelle be asleep in William 's arm . a slight creak sound come from outside the bedroom , follow by a soft knock on the door . William open one eye . the soft knock come again , follow by a whisper : SAM ( 0.s. ) hey , William ! William grimace , then carefully extricate himself from annabelle 's arm . annabelle moan in she sleep and roll over . William quickly slip he pants on and walk to the bedroom door . int . upstair hallway - evening William step out of the bedroom . Sam be stand there , look anxious . Sam 's face be pale . william what be it ? ( continued ) 46 . continued : SAM Joseph disappear . william what do you mean ? SAM he 's go . he go out to take the horse to the barn and he never come back . we all just go around look for he . william nothing ? SAM nothing . william any track ? SAM none that I could see . William frown for a moment . william okay . let I get my clothes on , then I will be right out . Sam nod . William go back into the bedroom . int . MAIN bedroom - moment later William quickly button he shirt next to the bed , he boot already on . he then lean down and gently shake annabelle 's arm . william hey . hey , honey . annabelle open she eye , look tired . annabelle mmm ? william Joseph wander off somewhere . I be gonna go look for he . annabelle Joseph 's go ? ( continued ) 47 . continued : william yeah , the boy can not find he . I x11 go see what 's up , you stay here . annabelle okay . ( she yawn ) maybe he go off look for Dog . william could be . you wanna get up and do I a favor , though ? annabelle smile up at he . annabelle what 's that ? william lock the door to this room after I step out . just in case . annabelle I have get my gun . William lean down and kiss she . william I know , but I want you to get some sleep . annabelle uh. okay . annabelle stretch . int . upstair hallway - moment later William exit the bedroom , shutting the door behind he . immediately the sound of a latch turn and lock be hear . William head off down the hallway . ext . front yard - evening William and Sam walk off the porch , into the front yard . Sam gesture to the rear of the house . SAM clyde and Todd be back there . William walk off quickly , towards the rear of the house . Sam stand in the front yard for a moment . he rub softly at he shoulder , wince . the fabric of Sam 's shirt be dark and wet in a small circle just over he bandage . ( continued ) 48 . continued : something fall to the ground directly in front of Sam , hit the ground hard . Sam look up at the empty sky above he , then hold out he lantern and step forward . a medium-sized bird be curl up in the grass , have just fall from the sky . the bird 's eye be close and it be not move . Sam look at the bird , then look back up at the sky . lightn flash , follow immediately by thunder . a dog 's bark come from the cornfield , nearby . Sam jump and turn to face the sound . SAM ( cont ’d ) Dog ? Sam step forward , then stop , slowly move he arm , wiggling he finger . SAM ( cont ’d ) ow. damn . Sam walk through the yard and step into the cornfield , lightly move in between the haphazard row , make he way through the stalk . Sam be follow the trail the six of they make with they horse when they first move through the field , trample down a wide path of corn . Sam move towards the path , alert . Sam 's lantern be not do much good in the field illuminate only the stalk around he , all of which be near enough to touch . Sam stop and slap he leg . SAM ( cont ’d ) Dog ! come ’ere , boy ! Sam continue make he way through the cornfield , look around . he whistle for Dog , clap he hand . a moment later , Dog 's bark come again , further ahead in the cornfield , to Sam 's right . SAM ( cont ’d ) come on , boy ! what the hell be you do out here ? Sam push he way through the cornstalk to he side , move more quickly now , sweat . Dog bark again ; again , Sam head towards the noise , push through the stalk . SAM ( cont ’d ) Dog ! hold up , there ! ( continued ) 49 . continued : ( 2 ) suddenly , Sam stumble into a clear . briefly disorient , Sam raise he lantern . directly in front of he be the wooden cross where the scarecrow be hang . strands of barb wire be still attach to the cross , but the scarecrow be go . Sam back away , then look around . SAM ( cont ’d ) ( to himself ) where the hell ... the cornfield be still , except for the wind lightly move the stalk . SAM ( cont ’d ) Dog ? there be no response . Sam slowly begin back away from the cross , then turn and move back into the cornfield . ext . backyard - moment later William , Todd and clyde be stand near the well , look deject , as Sam quickly walk up to they , still cover with a thin sheen of sweat . william well , could he have just wander off for a little while ? maybe he 's pull a joke or something . todd I sure hope so . I have hate to think of anything that could take Joseph without make enough noise for we to hear . clyde cup he hand and shout into the wind : clyde Joseph ! there be no response . after a moment , William shrug and the four man walk back towards the house . william I think we have better each hold onto we gun from now on , though , particularly if we go out alone . SAM I be way ahead of you there . ( continued ) 50 . continued : william where have you be ? SAM I think ... nevermind . ( shake head ) I hear Dog in the cornfield and I go after he . I guess I get a little lose turn out I be not head in the direction I think I be . get turn around . william you be lucky you make it out of there . you can not see where you be go in that field in the daytime , much less at night with a storm come . whoever tend that field 's long go . clyde fall back a little from the group as they walk through the yard . clyde I gotta take care of something , I 'il be around in a minute . clyde walk towards the outhouse . int . front room - evening William , Sam and Todd sit in the live room . William throw a knife at the wall ; the knife plunge into the wood . William rise to he foot , cross over to the knife and take it out of the wall . he then walk back to he chair and throw he knife at the wall again . SAM you should get some sleep . william not likely . Todd pick up a handful of gold coin and begin stack they . int . MAIN bedroom - evening annabelle lie in bed , breathe softly . in the bedroom , the closet door slowly creak open . annabelle open she eye ; the room be silent . annabelle frown , then blink and shut she eye again . the sound of quick footstep move across the room be hear . ( continued ) 51 . continued : annabelle open she eye wide and sit up in bed , look around the dark room . her hand go over to she pistol on the pillow next to she . annabelle lift the pistol and pull back the hammer . see nothing in the room , annabelle shift slightly , still craning she head around . she then lean back and blow she hair out of she face . annabelle ( to herself ) you be dream , honey . annabelle stretch , then look around the room again . sigh , she climb out of bed and cautiously cross over to the closet . annabelle gingerly push some clothes out of the way and look inside ; the closet contain only clothes . int . outhouse - evening clyde sit in the outhouse , look straight ahead , passively . he be chew on a piece of hay . just outside of the outhouse , a rustling sound be audible , like something move through the tall grass . clyde straighten , reach down for he shotgun . the rustling sound come closer to the outhouse . then a sniff noise , like that of a animal , come near the bottom of the outhouse door . clyde relax slightly , though he be still tense . he lower the shotgun . clyde hey . Dog ? the sniff at the bottom of the door stop . there be silence for a moment , then the sound of claw rake against the bottom of the door . clyde jerk back . the claw sound continue , with a quiet , animalistic grunt noise . clyde stand , hitching up he pants , and point the shotgun at the door . clyde ( cont ’d ) ( whisper ) Fucking hell ? clyde move to the door as the claw continue and , ina swift movement , throw the door open and lower the shotgun . there be nothing outside of the door . clyde step quickly out of the outhouse and look around ; no creature be in sight . clyde ( cont ’d ) Dog ? ( continued ) 52 . continued : clyde stand for a moment , look confuse . int . MAIN bedroom - evening annabelle shut the closet door , then turn around and survey the room . she look at the bed . after a moment , annabelle cross over to the bed , kneel down on the floor and peer under the bed . under the bed , in the opposite corner , something large be just visible in the shadow . annabelle can not make out its feature ; it could be crouching animal , or a pile of clothing . very slowly , annabelle reach for the lantern next to the bed and hold the lantern out at floor level . illuminate under the opposite corner of the bed be a small boy , crouch in a fetal position , silently rock back and forth . annabelle frown , peer closer . just then , the boy lift he head up and look straight at she , he face dark move with unnatural speed under the bed , the boy crawl towards annabelle , scuttling like a crab . he be immediately face to face with she . the boy grin at annabelle in the light of the lantern ; he be toothless and he eye be completely black , with no irise . annabelle scream and fall back away from the boy , knock over the lantern . it go out , plunging the room into complete darkness . int . front room - evening annabelle 's scream be audible from upstairs . William , Sam and Todd react , then run out of the room for the stair , William in the lead . int . MAIN bedroom - evening annabelle be stand in the corner of the room , face the open bedroom door . William run into the doorway , Todd and Sam come up behind he . william what ? what be it ? annabelle there be a boy in here ! william where be he ? ( continued ) 53 . continued : annabelle he run out . annabelle point towards they , in the doorway . William look at Sam and Todd , who look at each other and head for the opposite room . William cross over to annabelle . he put a arm around she . william you alright , honey ? annabelle yeah ... I be fine . he just scared I ... the lighting or something . william this a young kid ? annabelle I do not know . he could not be too old . he be small . his face ... william well , they 'il find he in a second . Todd and Sam appear in the doorway again . Todd shake he head . william ( cont ’d ) what ? todd we be the only one on this floor . he 's not here . William stare at he . william well , could he have go out of a window ? Todd shrug . Sam walk into the bedroom , look sick , and sit down heavily on the bed . SAM he could not have go downstairs , we would have pass he . todd I do not know . a lot of this big house have passageway . William and annabelle both look around the wall , nervously . ( continued ) 54 . continued : ( 2 ) william I sure hate the think of that . we should start check around , see if any of this wall be hollow . annabelle be watch Sam . annabelle you okay , Sam ? SAM yeah . I be just feel a little tired . annabelle you should lie down and get some rest . I know I be not go to be sleep for awhile . william yeah , well , we will see about that . one way or another , we be move on at first light tomorrow , and we all need to get some sleep before then . Sam , you go ahead , we ’1ll wake you if anything come up . Sam nod and stiffly lie back on the bed . william ( cont 'd ) ( to other ) let 's go . they exit the room , Todd in the lead . Sam , lie on the bed , unbutton he shirt and push it open . he pull back the bandage to look at he wound . the area around where the bullet enter be red and swollen , and the skin around it be purple and glossy . Sam touch he chest , near the wound , and flinch . he lie back in the bed and close he eye , sweat . ext . front yard - evening William , annabelle and Todd walk out onto the front porch . the wind tear at the branch of a tree in front of they . todd this be turn out to be a hell of a night . william no kid . ( continued ) 55 . continued : William step off the porch , then bend down , pick up a rock and throw it into the field . william ( cont 'd ) Christ . a drop of rain fall and hit William 's forehead . he look up at the sky as more raindrop plunk onto the ground around he . william ( cont 'd ) that 's great . William turn back to look at annabelle and Todd , who be still on the porch , protect from the rain . william ( cont 'd ) I be gonna look around a little . annabelle I 'il go with you . todd yeah , I might look around myself . william no , somebody should stay up in the front room , in case anyone come back or try to get into the house . ( pause ) speak of which ... where 's clyde ? annabelle oh , god . todd he be go to the outhouse . william you have think he have be do by now . stay here . William and annabelle walk around to the side of the house , as Todd step back into the front room . int . side yard - evening it be raining harder as William and annabelle walk back towards the barn . the rain splatter off William 's hat and have soak annabelle 's hair and dress . annabelle William ? ( continued ) 56 . continued : William stop and look at she . annabelle ( cont ’d ) it 's just ... ( pause ) there 's something wrong here . I know it . we should leave . William look up into the rain . william not much chance of that now . besides , we can not just leave Joseph here . he could have just go for a walk . annabelle he do not just go for a walk , William ! William look somewhat take aback by the panic in annabelle 's voice . he reach out hesitantly and touch she arm . william you okay ? annabelle I be ... I be sorry . but , I mean ... you feel it , do not you ? william uh , I can not say that I do . not really . I mean , weird stuff 's be go on , and maybe someone 's mess with we , but ... he trail off as annabelle shake she head . william ( cont ’d ) what ? annabelle shake she head again . annabelle nothing . I do not know . william come here . annabelle move closer to he and he embrace she . they hold each other in the pour rain , then William move away from annabelle , smile at she . william ( cont 'd ) now , look ... ( continued ) 57 . continued : ( 2 ) annabelle look over William 's leave shoulder , she eye widen . William whirl around . clyde be stand behind he , scowling . the light of clyde 's lantern be subdued by the rain . william ( cont 'd ) clyde ! good god , man . we be worried you have fall in . clyde yeah . do you guy see Joseph come by here ? william well , no , we do not . clyde squint into the nearby cornfield . clyde I could have swear I see he move around in there . annabelle and William look at each other . william be you sure it be he ? I mean , I can barely see the stalk . clyde yeah , I see a head and shoulder move around in the row , but then ... william then what ? clyde well , then I do not see he anymore . ( pause ) it be either he , or something else real big . there be a short silence while they consider this . william well , I do not think they have bear down here , so it be probably Joseph . I bet he 's play some sort of game . clyde yeah . I might have have a run - in with Dog earlier , too . ( more ) ( continued ) 58 . continued : ( 3 ) clyde ( cont 'd ) it could have just be a raccoon , I guess . whatever it be , it run off before I could get my hand on it . william that 's good news . I be worried Dog might have spook off for good . William look at annabelle , smile optimistically . annabelle return a faint smile . int . front room - evening Todd sit at the table , in front of several stack of gold coin . Todd drink from a bottle of whiskey . a sudden noise come from the hallway nearby . Todd start , then look into the hallway , see nothing . int . MAIN bedroom - evening Sam lie in bed , sweat , look up at the ceiling . he look down at the foot of he bed . as Sam watch , the older boy child , the same one that annabelle see , slowly rise up from the foot of the bed and look at Sam , put he hand on the mattress . the boy 's eye and mouth be dark hole . Sam stare at the boy , freeze with fear . the older boy address Sam calmly : older boy my parent use to lie together in this bed . this be where my mother be when the consumption take she . the boy look down at the floor , then crouch down beneath the bed , disappear from Sam 's view . Sam squeeze he eye shut , pull the blanket up around he neck . Sam begin quickly mutter to himself , a incoherent litany of barely audible prayer . SAM we father who art in heaven , hallow be thy name ... yea , though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death , I shall fear no evil , for thou art with I . thy kingdom come , thy will be do . amen . when Sam open he eye , a large man be stand in the corner of the room , barely visible in the darkness . ( continued ) 59 . continued : the man be hold a long object , obscure by the shadow , in one hand . the father speak , possibly to himself : father I have to do it . if I have not do it , it would have be so much worse for they . I put they where they 'il never be find , by anyone . you understand , do not you ? the man step forward slightly . the object in he hand be a small , bloody scythe . the man 's head be lower . father ( cont ’d ) tell I you understand . Sam , tremble with fright , try to speak SAM sure ... sure , I understand . the man stop . then he slowly turn and look at Sam . father who be you ? where be she ? Sam shut he eye again and begin mutter inarticulately to himself . the room be silent . Sam slowly open he eye . the man be stand above Sam , lean over the bed . the man raise he scythe above he head . father ( cont 'd ) I ask you a question ! Sam scream . ext . front yard - evening William , clyde and annabelle walk through the rain , up to the front porch . clyde well , what now ? william I would not mind get some rest . anyone else for that ? annabelle laugh drily . annabelle you can count I out . ( continued ) 60 . continued : william well , sit up with Todd then . i’1l sit with you guy for a second , then I be go to get some shut - eye . clyde I guess I could use it . they walk into the house . int . front room - evening William , annabelle and clyde step into the front room , look around . the gold be still pile on the table . Todd step out from the kitchen , hold he lantern . william what be you up to ? todd think I hear a noise back here , near the basement door . guess I be wrong . anything happen ? william not that I can see . clyde here say he see Joseph and Dog . clyde or at least it be some kind of animal . todd you should have shot it . then at least we would have something fresh to eat . William sit down on the floor , heavily , and begin roll a cigarette . annabelle sit down next to William . she reach for the book , flip through it , then set it back down on the table . she then lightly rest she head on William 's shoulder . annabelle Roll I one . william sure thing . clyde sit down at the table with Todd , who shift the deck of card over towards he . clyde begin shuffle . int . front room - late evening clyde throw down five card , disgust . ( continued ) 61 . continued : clyde I swear you be cheating . Todd lift a finger to he lip , tilting he head over towards William and annabelle , who be fast asleep on the floor . annabelle be curl up next to William , who be still sit against the wall , he mouth slightly open , breathe deeply . todd shhh. you x11 wake the dead with you pernicious lie . clyde grin at William and annabelle . clyde aw , be not they sweet ? clyde yawn and arch he back . clyde ( cont ’d ) I be get a little weary myself . todd sure you be . or maybe you do not want to lose any more gold ? clyde ah , you be just scared to stand watch alone . todd nonsense . clyde you gonna let I get some sleep , then ? todd sure . I think you could use it . you be get grouchy . clyde look at Todd askance , then rise from the table and begin move towards the stair . todd ( cont ’d ) you be sleep upstairs ? clyde they get bed there , do not they ? todd I guess . ( continued ) 62 . continued : ( 2 ) clyde shrug and climb the stair . Todd put down he card and look out into the rain . int . child 's bedroom - late evening clyde walk into the dark bedroom . he walk over to one of the bed , lean down and knock a doll off of it . the doll hit the ground and roll over , onto its back , stare up at the ceiling with paint eye . clyde scowl at it , then set he lantern down next to the bed . clyde lie down on the bed , which he be slightly too large for , and pull a old , tear blanket up over the lower half of he body . he then bend down and turn the lantern down low . clyde curl up and shut he eye . int . front room - late evening Todd flip a gold coin languidly across the finger of one hand , look slowly around the room . he yawn , then pull out he gun and begin clean it . int . front room - night William and annabelle be still asleep , in the same position . at the table , Todd 's head be rest on one hand , he arm propped up on the table . the lantern next to he have be turn down low . Todd blink , very slowly . his eyelid close , then he open he eye wide , look around quickly . nothing in the room be different . Todd 's eye slowly start to shut again . he blink twice , then he eyelid close . a thumping noise come from beyond the kitchen . Todd 's eye fly open and he sit up straight , look towards the kitchen . Todd swiftly survey the room , then slump back in he chair rub at he face . the noise come again , from somewhere on the other side of the house , and Todd jump to he foot , he eye narrow . Todd look down at William and annabelle , who be still asleep . he then walk past they , into the kitchen . 63. int . first floor corridor - night Todd walk through the dark kitchen , hold he lantern in one hand , he gun in the other . he walk into the corridor stop near the door to the basement . Todd look around . the window face outside be dark though the sound of the rainstorm can still be hear . the wind whistle and rain splatter against the glass windowpane . Todd turn around and face the door to the basement . he put the handle to he lantern between he tooth , reach down and grip the doorknob . slowly , Todd turn the doorknob . Todd push on the door . it do not budge . he lean against the door , still hold onto the doorknob , but the door will not move . Todd sigh and release the doorknob . he step across the corridor , to one of the window . Todd raise he lantern , but only illuminate the water against the glass . Todd move he face closer to the glass , but can not see anything in the darkness outside ; all he can see be he reflection in the window . Todd stare at he reflection brush slightly at he hair . just then , lightning flash , illuminate the outside world . Sam be face the other side of the window , look in at Todd from the outside . Todd jump back with a yell as the sound of thunder crack against the house . on the outside of the house , Sam 's face be directly in front of Todd 's , look straight into Todd 's eye , twisted into a mask of hate . they be separate only by the pane of glass . Sam 's hair be matte and he clothes be drench by the rain . Sam run to the side , then the outside world go dark again as the lightning end . Todd fumble with he lantern , turn it up higher , and hold it to the window . he can see nothing outside . Todd pants , catch he breath . he move over to another window , call out : todd Sam ! there be no response . ( continued ) 64 . continued : todd ( cont ’d ) ( to himself ) what the hell ... ( shouting ) what the hell be you do out there ? only the sound of the rain can be hear . Thunder rumble slightly , far off . todd ( cont ’d ) ( to himself ) what the hell be he do ? Todd walk back towards the kitchen . just as he pass the door to the basement , a loud thumping sound come from against the other side of the basement door , as if a person be throw they body against it . there be a stifle whimper , like a person in pain , from the other side of the door , then silence . Todd jump back , stare at the basement door , he eye wild . the sound do not come again . Todd look around . todd ( cont ’d ) Sam ? Todd move slowly towards the basement door . holding he gun out , with he lantern between he tooth , he again turn the doorknob and shove . the door to the basement swing open . Todd step away from the door , raise he gun . nothing but darkness be visible . todd ( cont ’d ) alright . come on out , now . there be no sound from the basement . Todd step forward and push the door open further with he foot . he hold he lantern forward . the basement step be visible , but there be no one on they . Todd stick he head into the doorway , look around . after a moment , he begin walk down the stair , slowly . the wooden step creak as Todd move down they . int . child 's bedroom - night clyde lie still in the small bed , quietly breathe . from across the room , the sound of a female child softly sobbing can be hear . clyde frown in he sleep , shake he head slightly , then open he eye , confuse . ( continued ) 65 . continued : the sound of the child cry be come from the corner of the room , which be not visible . clyde frown and look around , blink . he sit up in bed , rub he eye . clyde can not see anything in the dark room . carefully , without make a sound , he reach down and turn up the lantern next to the bed . the older boy be stand immediately in front of clyde , next to the lantern . the boy 's eye be completely black and he face be expressionless . before clyde can react , the boy look away from he and step back into the darkness of the room , disappear from sight . the cry sound continue . clyde what - who 's there ? clyde rapidly turn the lantern up all the way , illuminate most of the bedroom . his hand be unsteady and the lantern light sway as he set the lantern back on the floor . the boy be nowhere to be see . in the corner of the bedroom , a small girl be crouch , she arm around she knee , face the corner . the girl be wear only a pair of underwear . her back , which be face clyde , tremble with she sob . clyde rub he eye , look around again , then look at the girl . clyde ( cont 'd ) hey , how have you get in here ? where have that other kid go ? the girl do not respond , continue to face the corner and cry . clyde rise to he foot , stand next to the bed . clyde ( cont ’d ) look here , be you okay ? what 's the matter ? the girl do not respond . clyde move closer to she , walk over to the corner . clyde ( cont ’d ) it 's okay , do not cry . tell I what 's wrong . do that kid do something bad to you ? you just tell I who do it , and I will take care of he , okay ? do something happen ? the girl suddenly stand and whirl to face clyde , who be now only a couple of foot away from she . the girl 's ear be slightly point and she nose be unnaturally flat ; ( continued ) 66 . continued : ( 2 ) she have vertical pupil , like a cat , and she tooth be also inhuman , long and thin . there be a large , deep gash across the front of the girl 's neck ; she throat have be rip away . the front of the girl 's body be soak red with blood . young girl ( scream ) my father do this ! clyde leap backwards , stumbling , and fall onto the floor bump he head . he jolt into a seat position , scoot desperately across the floor , away from the corner . the corner be empty . the girl be go . clyde stop , see this , and sit on the floor , lean back against the bed , breathe heavily . he look quickly around the room , reach for he gun . clyde what the ... fuck hell ... a shout come from outside of the house . joseph ( 0.s. ) hey , clyde ! clyde look up at the sound of Joseph 's voice . he rise to he foot and rapidly cross over to the window . lightn flash . outside , just next to the cornfield , Joseph be stand , look up at clyde 's window . he be crouch over , hunch like a animal . Joseph look up at clyde over he shoulder out of the corner of he eye . the lightning subside and the yard go dark again . clyde lift up the window sash , look outside . clyde ( shouting ) Joseph ? lightn flash again . Joseph be visible in the cornfield , about ten foot from where the field meet the yard , make he way deeper into the cornfield , still hunch over unnaturally . Joseph be leave a path of break and smashed cornstalk behind he . clyde ( cont ’d ) Joseph ? Joseph do not look back . clyde pause , then turn and run out of the bedroom . 67 . int . basement - night Todd reach the bottom of the basement stair , sweat . he murmur to himself , softly : todd I know you be in here . the floor of the cellar be earth ; the wall of the cellar be comprise of damp stone . Todd hold both the lantern and gun out in front of he body , turn around , surveying the basement , which be too dark to see across . Todd begin to move past the staircase , keep he back to the wall . in the center of the room , on the crack , earthen floor , a precise pentagram , approximately five foot in diameter , have be draw in yellow paint or chalk . inexplicable symbol surround the pentagram . four post have be drive into the floor along the circumference of the pentagram , form a square . above the pentagram , line of rope have be hang from floorboard , as if for drying food . Todd glance at this , then slowly move to the other side of the stairwell , still carefully keep he back to the wall . on the other side of the basement , the space be equally bare . Todd move closer , look around . against the stone wall , a set of iron shackle , with cuff , have be nail into the stone . Todd frown at this , then turn away . the only other object in the room be a short , squat wooden chair . Todd move closer to the chair , shine he lantern on it . the chair have thick leather strap bound to its arm and the two front chair leg . next to the chair , on the floor , be a piece of hide , roll into a tube . Todd kick lightly at the hide , unrol it . the hide contain several metal tool , all in various state of decay and rust . many of the tool be sharp and point . some be recognizable , such as a pair of plier and a ball - peen hammer , while other be not . next to the chair , on the ground , lie a small , white object Todd glance back at the chair , then kneel down and pick up the object . it appear to be a break piece of bone or tooth . Todd drop it , disgust . Todd quickly back away from the chair , still peer around the room , head back towards the stairwell . a sharp voice suddenly come from the other side of the cellar . ( continued ) 68 . continued : black woman ( 0.s. ) help I ! Todd jump and spin around . on the floor , in the center of the pentagram , a black woman be lie . her wrist and ankle be bound to the four post . she look over at Todd , strain she head to see he , tear in she eye . black woman ( cont ’d ) help I ! oh , god , please ! the woman be wear only a short , sloppy dress make out of thick muslin ; it barely cover she torso . Todd look around the room quickly . there be no one around except the two of they . todd who do this to you ? how the hell do you get there ? black woman oh god , please help I . please let I go ! I do not do anything . I x11 never tell anyone about the other ! Todd step closer to the woman , frown . she shrink away from he , constrict by she rope . todd what 's go on here ? black woman ( shaking she head wildly ) I do not see nothing ! I do not see nothing ! Todd start to say something , stop , then walk over to the woman and kneel down next to she . he begin try to untie she hand from one of the post , but seem to be have a difficult time with it . suddenly Todd stop and stare . todd shit ... you be bound with dry rawhide . the woman 's hand be indeed swollen and purple . the rawhide be cut into the flesh of she wrist . black woman ( whimper ) it hurt ... ( continued ) 69 . continued : ( 2 ) todd ( grim ) I know it . ( he stare at she ) how long have you be down here ? black woman ( whisper ) please hurry . the black woman 's eye dart around the room , look for something . todd okay . I be go to go to the other side of the stairwell and get something to try to cut this with ... Todd trail off , as the woman have focus she eye on something across the room from they . her face be freeze in terror , she mouth open . black woman he 's here . Todd look where she be look . there be nothing there . todd I do not see anything . the woman ignore he . she be breathe quickly , she eye still rivete on a spot about a yard in front of she leg . there be still nothing visible there . black woman ( whisper ) please ... no ... Todd look around the room , he eye narrow . he rise to he foot . the woman be paralyze with fear ; tear run out of the corner of she eye . she be now ignore Todd completely , focus she attention on the area opposite from they . she shake she head , back and forth , but be quiet . Todd watch this , then quickly grab he lantern and gun and head for the opposite side of the room , leave the woman on the floor . on the other side of the cellar , Todd reach the chair and kneel down next to it . ( continued ) 70 . continued : ( 3 ) suddenly Todd freeze . very slowly , he look up at the chair in front of he . it be empty . Todd shiver , then shake he head and begin root through the rusted tool . Todd come across a serrate , thin blade , with a curve handle . he grab this and a pair of shear . Todd stand and walk over towards the stairwell , hold out he lantern . Todd stop as soon as he enter the other side of the basement . the woman be still there , lie in the pentagram , but now she back be arched . the front of she dress have be cut open to expose she stomach and torso . the woman 's eye lock onto Todd 's . as Todd watch , freeze , a thick cut appear on the side of the woman 's stomach . the cut continue across she belly , move just above the navel , ina curve line under she rib . the woman 's mouth open and she eye squeeze shut . it appear that she be scream in pain , but the only audible sound in the room be Todd 's breathe and the sound of the woman 's skin and flesh separate . blood well out of the long cut on the woman 's stomach soaking into she dress and the dirt floor . she shake she head wildly , she mouth still stretch open . as Todd watch , he eye wide with horror , the cut in the woman 's stomach suddenly widen , as if it be be push open . from the open wound , the woman 's gut be roughly pull from she body , straight into the air above she . her entrail hover above she stomach , drip blood and fluid . the woman 's scream cut through the air , a loud , awful shriek of pain that tear through the quiet of the room . blood splatter the floor as Todd turn and leap away , the woman 's agonize scream fill the basement . Todd 's foot hit the first step of the basement stair and he stumble fall to he side , on the other side of the basement . Todd hit the ground hard , crack he elbow against the wall and drop he gun and lantern . the woman be still scream . Todd 's lantern lie on its side in front of he . Todd reach for it , look forward , towards the chair . as Todd 's eye meet with something in front of he , he face go slack with fear and he shrink away , scream , he back against the wall . 71 . int . front room - night William and annabelle be still asleep on the floor . the sound of footstep run down the stair come from behind they . William open he eye and look around the room , just as clyde run through the front room . clyde grab the front doorknob , open it , and run outside , into the storm . william what the hell ... William rise up , rouse annabelle , who look up at he blearily . annabelle what 's go on ? william clyde just run through here . I do not know what he 's after . I be gonna go check annabelle okay . you do that . annabelle immediately put she head back down and close she eye . William look troubled . william well , I do not really want to leave you alone in here . annabelle ( mumble ) do not worry about it . I 'il be fine . william well ... William look up suddenly . Sam be stand in the darkness of the hallway , barely visible , he eye glow with the lantern light . his clothing be drench . Sam stare at William without speak . william ( cont 'd ) Sam ! good thing you be up . clyde just run through here faster than lightning . William rise to he foot , rub the arm that he sleep on . he look around the room . ( continued ) 72 . continued : the gold be go from the table ; only the card , whiskey bottle and book rest on the table . william ( cont 'd ) Holy shit . the gold . William look around the room again , quickly . the gold be nowhere to be see . William look back at Sam , he tooth bare . william ( cont 'd ) hang in here just a second , watch over annabelle . I be go after clyde . i’1l be right back . William turn away from Sam , who have not change expression and run out the front door , shutting it behind he . Sam slowly step out of the darkness of the hallway . he look down at annabelle , he nostril flaring slightly , then walk over to the table and lower himself into a chair . Sam sit stare straight ahead . ext . front yard - night William run out into the rain , hold he lantern aloft . clyde be nowhere to be see , but there be a spot in the row of corn , near the yard , where several stalk have be push aside or trample . William run across the yard and into the cornfield . the break stalk form a haphazard trail through the tall corn , though William can still only see a couple foot in front of himself , and can not see over the corn . William continue staggering through the corn , along the trail , hold he lantern in front of he . William call out : william clyde ! hey , clyde ! the sound of the rain splattering off the cornstalk drown out William 's voice . int . front room - night Sam sit at the table . he have the book in he hand and flip through the page , pause occasionally . after a moment , Sam slowly look down at annabelle , sleep on the floor SAM annabelle ... ( continued ) 73 . continued : annabelle stir slightly on the floor SAM ( cont ’d ) annabelle . she open she eye and look up at Sam , squinting . annabelle Sam ? what be you do ? Sam do not respond for a moment , turn he attention back to the book . annabelle ( cont ’d ) what be it ? what 's go on ? SAM I be read . annabelle smile at Sam , then , when he continue to look at the page of the book , frown , puzzle . annabelle you be read that book ? SAM yes . annabelle straighten she back , tilting she head to see Sam better . annabelle what do it say ? SAM it 's about how to contact the Old one . annabelle who ? Sam 's face darken . SAM the Old one , I say . most think of they as spirit . they can walk between world and time be different for they . when they appear in we world , they mostly show themselves as animal , unless they be give great power . because they walk between world , they physical power be limited in each one . they should not be give mortal power , the power to change we , unless they can be control . ( continued ) 74 . continued : ( 2 ) Sam smile down at annabelle , a haunt look in he eye . his smile tremble . SAM ( cont 'd ) I just get to that part . annabelle rub she eye and speak slowly . annabelle Sam . what be you talk about ? you be not make any sense . be you okay ? Sam straighten up , he face blank , and set down the book on the table . SAM the hole in my shoulder hurt . I think something might be wrong . annabelle sit up on the floor , stretch . annabelle well , you have better let I take a look at it . hang on . annabelle unsteadily rise to she foot . she step forward and take a seat at the table opposite from Sam . annabelle ( cont ’d ) can you unbutton you shirt ? Sam reach up and begin slowly unbuttone he shirt . once he be finish , he push he shirt open and tear off the bandage . the area around Sam 's wound , expand to cover most of he chest , be a black , swollen bruise . thin tendril of purple infection crawl up Sam 's neck and down he stomach . the wound itself be ooze a thick , viscous fluid . annabelle shrink away , hold she hand to she mouth . SAM it do not smell so good , huh ? annabelle my god ... how long have it be like this ? Sam shrug slightly . SAM I do not know . ( continued ) 75 . continued : ( 3 ) annabelle Sam , we have - we have get to get you toa hospital . you have get some sort of infection . I do not have anything here that can take care of it . annabelle open she bag and begin root through it . annabelle ( cont ’d ) I might be able to give you something for the pain ... SAM ( smile ) it do not hurt anymore , ' Belle . annabelle look up at he . annabelle what ? what do you just say ? Sam reach forward , towards annabelle . SAM here , I want to show you something . annabelle what be it ? Sam hold out he hand to annabelle . SAM here . annabelle Sam , I think you be delirious . hang on just a second , and I ’1ll give you a shot that will make you feel a little better . SAM okay . Sam lower he head , look down at the floor . he then look up at annabelle . Sam 's green eye be dark and he voice be thick . SAM ( cont ’d ) do not you want to know what they do to I ? annabelle take a glass vial from she bag , and begin draw fluid from the vial into a syringe . ( continued ) 76 . continued : ( 4 ) annabelle you get shot , Sam . I be there , remember ? SAM the preacher say shoot 's too good for I . ( Sam show he tooth ) they just leave I up there to rot for what I do . they and the Old one . they leave I here . forever . annabelle tap the syringe . annabelle what be you talk about , Sam ? Sam lean forward suddenly and grip annabelle 's arm . his eye be pale . SAM ( hiss ) stop call I that . annabelle gasp , then blink . her eye roll up into she head and she body go rigid . begin flashback ext . cornfield - day from the Father 's Pov , the cornfield be upside - down and sway from side to side , unevenly . a thick trail of blood run from the Father 's nose into one of he eye , fill the eye with blood . the Father blink rapidly . he be be drag by he foot through the field . a group of man be drag he through the neat cornfield . the Father , now fully visible , be the same man that Sam see up in the main bedroom . the Father try to twist away from the man , who drag he into a small clear . the man release the Father 's leg ; he curl up on the ground , breathe heavily . a large fly settles on a bloody spot on the side of he face . he swat at the fly . another group of man stand in the clear , many of whom be hold rifle . they stare at the Father , they face twisted with anger and disgust . in front of the man stand a preacher , wear the formal attire of the cloth . behind the man be a tall wooden cross , with a scarecrow attach to it , in a position to survey the cornfield . the preacher address the Father . ( continued ) 77 . continued : preacher where do you put the body ? the Father be silent . one of the man who be hold he kick the Father in the stomach . the Father curl up on the ground , gag . preacher ( cont ’d ) where be they ? and where be you child ? the Father cough , choke out he word . father where they belong . the preacher lean closer to the Father , stare into he eye . preacher what happen to they mother ? the Father look away from he , then look back into the preacher 's eye . father they have no mother . not that you have know . a look of confusion pass over the preacher 's face . then he look up and nod to one of the man . the man lean down with a burlap sack , pull it over the Father 's head . the Father struggle . father ( cont 'd ) no! goddamn you ! what be you do ? one of the man , hold a rifle , quickly step forward , aim he rifle at the father . hysterical man shut that sick bastard up ! the preacher quickly reach over and put he hand on the barrel of the hysterical man 's rifle , aim it away from the Father . preacher shoot 's too good for he . the man look at the preacher . the preacher nod over to the rest of the man . ( continued ) 78 . continued : ( 2 ) preacher ( cont ’d ) cut that scarecrow down . one of the man look over at the preacher , then jump up on the cross with a knife and cut the rope bind the scarecrow . the scarecrow tumble to the ground , fall to piece , hay spilling out of its tight clothing . the preacher grit he tooth . preacher ( cont ’d ) hoist he up there . a few of the man exchange glance , then move to follow the preacher 's order . use rope wrap under the Father 's shoulder , the man pull he up onto the cross , use the arm of the cross as pulley . two man climb up onto the cross . gripping the Father 's arm they bind he to the cross with loop of barb wire , twist the wire into knot with plier . the Father struggle and kick . two man on the ground begin wrapping barb wire around he leg . the father be tie tightly to the cross above they . the barb dig into the flesh of he arm , leg and torso , raise dark droplet of blood . the man step away from the cross , look up at the strain figure of the Father . the Father twist against the cross but the wire around he body be tight . the burlap sack still cover he face . one of the man look down at the crumpled , break scarecrow on the ground , then reach down and pick up the scarecrow 's hat . man with hat hang on a second . the man walk over to the cross , lift himself up and pull the scarecrow 's hat down tightly over the top of the Father 's twist head . the man then drop off the cross and look up at the Father again . man with hat ( cont 'd ) there we go . with the hat and burlap sack over he head , the Father look just like a scarecrow . the Father stop strain against the rope and hang from the cross , he body limp . the preacher address he : ( continued ) 79 . continued : ( 3 ) preacher you still do not want to tell we what you do with they ? the Father hang from the cross , silent preacher ( cont ’d ) Fine . we will see you get a little taste of hell in this world before you pass on to the next . you 'il answer to a higher form of justice than ours there . the Father 's voice be muffle by the burlap sack . father I be not go to die , if that 's what you be hope . the preacher look up at he , then exchange glance with several of the man . preacher we will see about that . ( to the man ) come on . the man who put the hat on the Father address the preacher he voice subdued . man with hat do you want to search the house again ? the preacher 's face be tense , with either fury or strain . preacher we 'il find nothing in there that we do not find before . let we leave this place immediately . there be nothing more we can do . the man nod slightly , then the man and the preacher walk through the cornfield , away from the cross and the house . the sun glare down on the field . up on the cross , the Father begin vainly strain against the barb wire again . in front of he , the man work they way through the cornfield without look back , the preacher in the lead . the Father shake he head vigorously , then scream , he shriek muffle by the burlap . begin montage ( continued ) 80 . continued : ( 4 ) a ) a bloody , skinless figure , tie to the basement floor , twitches in a wide pool of blood . the Father 's scream be still audible . a shadow move across the figure 's head , where the face use to be . B ) a child 's eye fly open . a large hand be clamp over the child 's mouth . the child , a young boy , try to yell , but cannot . the child have no eyelash or eyebrow . C ) by candlelight , the Father flip through page of the book . he speak unrecognizable syllable to himself as he read , cut at the top of he wrist with a knife . D ) a closet door fly open . Inside the closet , the young girl be huddle , hide in the clothes . she cower away from the shadow that fall over she and make a hiss sound . E ) blood flow across a wooden floor . the pool of blood seep over towards a bed , underneath which a slightly older boy be hide , he eye and mouth completely black . he be shaking and cry . the blood move closer to the boy , who edge away from it , try to move soundlessly . then a large boot step down into the pool of blood , directly in front of the boy . F ) a child 's body be drag down the hallway ; the child 's ankle , slide along the floor , leave two trail of blood . end montage end flashback int . front room - night annabelle jerk in she chair , stare around the room wildly . across from she , Sam be slump back in he chair , he eye shut . his arm hang limply at he side . annabelle scoot she chair away from the table and vomit onto the floor . ext . cornfield - night William continue walk quickly through the cornstalk follow the path of break and bent stalk . rain splatter off William 's hat . suddenly , William be face with tall , upright stalk in front of he . the only bent stalk be behind William . the trail have come to a abrupt end in the middle of the field . William look around . there be nothing but cornstalk around he , and no indication of clyde or where he may have go . ( continued ) 81 . continued : William look behind himself , at the bent cornstalk , but can see nothing . william clyde ! where the fuck be you ? William 's word be swallow by the cornfield . int . front room - night annabelle jump out of she chair as the front door open and William step in . she then throw herself against he , sobbing . william Jesus , honey . what be it ? annabelle I see - I see - I see everything . william what do you see ? here , sit down . annabelle sit back down in she chair , William 's hand on she shoulder . William then notice Sam . william ( cont 'd ) what 's wrong with Sam ? annabelle I - I do not know ... William reach forward and shake Sam 's arm , then shake it again , harder . Sam do not stir . William lean forward and push Sam 's shoulder . Sam slump over onto the table . William slowly step forward and put he hand to Sam 's face . he hold he hand against Sam 's unmove face for several second , then William bow he head slightly . annabelle ( cont 'd ) what ? william he 's ... he 's dead . annabelle quickly put she finger to the side of Sam 's neck . Sam be not breathe . william ( cont 'd ) what the hell happen ? annabelle I do not know . ( continued ) 82. continued : william what ... be it he wound ? annabelle it 's this place ! this place do something to he ! William give she a incredulous look . william what do you mean , this place ? annabelle put she hand to she face , breathe deeply . she then lower she hand and return William 's gaze , she eye hard . she speak calmly . annabelle jeffy hollister be in love with I , you know . William frown , barely pay attention to she , as he lean forward and feel for a pulse in Sam 's neck . william what be you talk about ? annabelle jeffy be in love with I . he use to say it all the time , before you get there . he hate you because of it . I could see it , William . he do . William look at she . william so what ? annabelle open she mouth to answer William , then look up at the kitchen doorway . Todd be lean against the door , barely able to support himself . William and annabelle both stare at Todd , who stare back at they . todd do not you ... do not you hear the scream ? william Todd , what be you talk about ? ( continued ) 83 . continued : ( 2 ) Todd stumble over to the table and collapse into a chair . he reach forward for the bottle of whiskey , grab it and drink heavily . Todd 's eye be glaze from fright . todd the scream . do not you hear it ? william we do not hear any scream , Todd . Todd bury he face in he hand . todd I think I be go insane . annabelle why ? what do you see ? Todd grin , he eye serious . todd I do not ever want to talk about that . ever . Todd take another drink . todd ( cont ’d ) what 's the deal with Sam ? annabelle Sam 's dead , Todd . Todd look over at Sam 's slump form . he reach out and touch Sam 's shoulder , puzzle . todd how the hell do that happen ? William step forward , towards Todd . william I be wonder if you might know something about that . Todd look at William , confuse , then look around the room . realization dawns in Todd 's eye . todd I do not know what you be talk about . william do not you ? ( continued ) 84 . continued : ( 3 ) Todd look around the room again , slowly . todd where 's the gold , William ? william I do not know , Todd . we leave you watch it . Todd look into William 's eye . they stare at each other for a moment . William 's gaze be lock on Todd , but William 's right hand be move up towards he waistband , where he pistol be stick . annabelle William ? Todd kick out at a chair , knock the back of the chair into William 's waist . as William stumble back , pull out he pistol , Todd lunge across the table and grab Sam 's gun from the holster on the side of Sam 's pants . partly lie across Sam and the table , Todd have Sam 's pistol cocked and aim at William before William regain he balance . William freeze , look at Todd . Todd be still slump over Sam . he hold the gun aim at William , regard William with dead eye . William 's gun be aim uselessly at the floor . todd where 's the gold , William ? the very tip of a scalpel blade gently enter the side of Todd 's neck , just under he earlobe . Todd go stiff . annabelle two against one , Todd . what be you think about ? Todd blink , slowly . todd I x11 kill he , annabelle . annabelle maybe . he will not be lonely long if you do . William remain still , hold Todd 's gaze . Todd sigh , then speak with venom . ( continued ) 85 . continued : ( 4 ) todd you lousy , filthy , double -crossing bastard . william you watch yourself , Todd . you have ride with I for three year now . I have save you life more time than I can count . todd that do not make it yours . annabelle we do not know where the gold be , Todd . we do not take it . you can check . ( pause ) why do not you put the gun down ? annabelle turn the scalpel slightly in Todd 's neck , let a little more blood flow down into he collar . Todd show no visible reaction to this , though he be sweat . todd if you do not take the gold , who do ? william we leave you watch it , Todd . remember ? todd I do not fuck take it . where would I put it ? annabelle look at William . annabelle we know you do not take it , Todd . a unaccompany negro with four bag of gold stand very little chance of get through Texas . we know you would not try that . William blink and do not look entirely convinced , but cautiously stick he pistol back into he waistband , still hold Todd 's gaze . william yeah . Todd exhales slightly , then push the hammer on Sam 's pistol back into place and place the pistol on the table . after a moment , annabelle tuck the scalpel back into she sleeve and step away . ( continued ) 86 . continued : ( 5 ) Todd slump back into he chair , leave the gun on the table . he put he palm to he forehead and look around the room . after a long moment of silence , he speak . todd well , I guess if you be plan to kill I and take the money , you would have just do it . william you really do not know what 's go on ? todd I know we have get bigger problem than that money . we need to get the hell out of here . annabelle I be with you there . Todd frown . todd where 's clyde ? william he run off into the cornfield a little while ago . I go look , but I could not find he . Todd slowly grow very still , look around the room . he look out the window , then look back at William and annabelle . todd ( softly ) can you hear that ? annabelle what ? todd that voice . can you hear it ? William and annabelle look at each other , then at Todd . todd ( cont ’d ) you can not hear it ? out there in the storm . it 's speak right now . listen . Todd cock he head to the side , listen , then shake he head . ( continued ) 87 . continued : ( 6 ) todd ( cont ’d ) now I can not hear it . now it 's go . william Todd - todd ( sigh ) okay , let 's forget clyde then , he 's go . let 's get on we horse and get the fuck out of here . right now . william without the gold ? Todd look into William 's eye . todd yes , without the gold . william no way . Todd stand up , knock he chair back . todd I do not care what you decide . I be get out of here . Todd grab Sam 's pistol and the half - empty bottle of whiskey . he look at William . todd ( cont ’d ) I will take this , if you do not mind . without another word , Todd storm out of the front room , through the front door . William and annabelle look at each other , then quickly head out after he . ext . side yard - night Todd rapidly walk through the side yard , almost run through the rain . William and annabelle hurry after he . william Todd ! wait up ! Todd do not slow he pace . William and annabelle continue after he , towards the barn . lightn flash . 88 . int . barn - night Todd , in the lead , come to a abrupt stop in the entrance to the barn . William and annabelle almost collide with he . william what ? Todd be silent . he stand in the entrance to the barn , he shoulder heaving slightly . after a moment , William move forward , stand next to Todd and look into the barn . the horse have be shred , they body rip into small piece that have be strewn all over the inside of the barn . the stack of hay be splatter red with blood . blood drip from several spot on the barn 's ceiling . one of the horse appear to have be bisect across its middle , and lie in two halve directly in front of Todd . annabelle involuntarily step back from the sight . annabelle oh my god ... Todd step forward and pick up the severe leg of one of the horse . the bloody end of it be rag , with crack bone stick out of the flesh . Todd look at the horse 's leg and begin laugh quietly . William and annabelle exchange a look . Todd glance at they , then look back at the mangle horse . todd look like I be walk . Todd glare at a horse 's severe head . the horse 's eye be open , and its tongue stick out of its mouth . todd ( cont ’d ) what be you look at ? Todd throw the leg at the horse 's head , but miss . todd ( cont ’d ) Ugly son of a bitch . william Todd . you alright ? todd no. I be not . Todd turn away from William . ( continued ) 89 . continued : todd ( cont 'd ) if you have see what I see , you have know what 's go on here . william what do you see ? Todd do not answer William , just walk further into the barn , gesture angrily . todd you have fuck know something , that 's for sure . William look over at annabelle . annabelle what could do this to the horse , William ? it would ... it would have to be the size of a bear ... todd ( scream ) what the hell could do this to the horse , William ? Todd point at William and annabelle , he arm rigid . todd ( cont ’d ) there be thing that exist alongside we thing that be once like we but just keep go , who live not in the place we know but in the space between they . do you think it matter how big they be ? there be a silence . Thunder rumble . Todd pause , lowering he arm . todd ( cont ’d ) listen ! Todd crouch down slightly . from no visible source , a voice begin speak to Todd . the voice speak softly , slurring its word together . voice ( 0.s . ) there be once other here , whose skin be like yours . the one whose skin be like theirs give they to we . we enjoy they very much . be you tired ? Todd turn to William and annabelle , he face stricken . ( continued ) 90 . continued : ( 2 ) todd please ... please , William , annabelle ... can you hear it ? William look at annabelle , who shake she head at Todd . Todd look around the barn , listen to the voice , shaking . voice ( 0.s. ) I be up here . Todd look up at the loft section of the barn . the loft be dark ; nothing be visible there . annabelle it 's just the storm , Todd . Todd shake he head . the voice continue speak to he . todd ( to annabelle ) it 's up in the loft ... voice ( 0.s . ) they call you Todd . ( pause ) the man bring we here so we would bring he back he wife . he give we strength so we would help he . we like that , but we could only bring part of she back . that be not enough for he . so we take part of he child to make more of she . we understand he then . Todd squeeze he eye shut , tear run down he face . he begin sway back and forth as the voice continue : voice ( cont ’d ) he do not like that either . and now we can not go . now this be where I live . ( pause ) be you tired ? would you like to lie down here for a little while ? Todd suddenly clamp he hand to he ear and scream : todd stop talk ! the voice be silent . Todd stare around the barn . William and annabelle be watch he . Todd look back up at the loft . nothing be there . ( continued ) 91 . continued : ( 3 ) william Todd ... do you want to leave now ? Todd slowly lift he hand up to he face . his eye be wet todd I can not trust my own eye anymore , I think . Todd gesture at the horse . todd ( cont ’d ) do this ... do this really happen ? william come on . we be go to get out of here . we be go to leave this place . todd there 's worse thing than die , you know . william I know . come on . Todd follow William and annabelle outside of the barn . ext . backyard - night William , annabelle and Todd stand by the well . William look up into the rain . Todd reach for the rope to the well 's bucket . he pull on it , try to pull the rope up , but cannot . the bucket appear to be stick on something . frustrate , Todd throw down the rope , lift he head to the sky and open he mouth , drink the rain . william God damn this storm . annabelle the sooner we get out of here , the better . william what do we do about Sam ? annabelle he 's dead , William . William be silence for a moment ( continued ) 92 . continued : william I have like to know who 's do this to we , that 's all . if they have just show themselves ... Todd shake he head , wiping the rain across he face . todd I do not think you want that at all . annabelle come on , William . William stare at Todd and annabelle . william you two seriously want to just leave here . without we gold ? todd ( shiver ) be you fuck kid I ? you want to look for the gold , William , that 's fine . I be sure it 's somewhere around here . good luck with that . I just want to get out of here and forget everything about this place . then I 'il be happy forever . ( pause ) shit . annabelle put she hand on William 's chest . annabelle we have get we gun . we can get more . William look at she ; she hold he gaze . Todd look around , then walk past they , towards the front of the house . after a moment , annabelle and William follow he . ext . front yard - night Todd , annabelle and William reach the front yard . William stop , look into the house . william just let I ... I need to go in and say goodbye to Sam . annabelle nod . Todd look around , quickly wiping rain off he face . todd hurry . ( continued ) 93 . continued : William nod and walk into the front door of the house . a moment later he step out , lantern hold aloft . william he 's not here ! annabelle and Todd look at each other , quickly , then move towards the house . int . front room - night Sam 's chair be empty . William , Todd and annabelle look around the desert room . todd they take he body . let 's go . william what ? who do ? why would they do that ? todd lot of reason . how should I know ? annabelle look sharply at William . annabelle what ? william maybe ... maybe he 's not dead . annabelle you check for a pulse yourself , William . william maybe I be wrong . maybe I miss it . todd he look pretty dead , man . william I could have be wrong . maybe he just walk out of here . todd he do not look like he be about to start walk anywhere . william well , he 's not here right now ! ( continued ) 94 . continued : todd I agree with you there , William . and I think we should go . William look at annabelle , who slowly nod . annabelle he be dead , William . the infection from the bullet wound spread to he heart . whoever take he body take it to keep we here . William look at the floor , then look outside . william the first thing I be gonna do when we get to Mexico be hire some guy and send they up here to burn this place to the fuck ground . todd that might not be such a good idea . william I do not care . William walk out into the rain . ext . front yard - night Todd , annabelle and William move over towards the cornfield . when they reach the row , William suddenly reach down and pick a object up off the ground . william it 's Sam 's shoe . William hold the leather boot out , for annabelle and Todd to see . william ( cont 'd ) he 's get to be somewhere in the cornfield ! Todd and annabelle look at each other annabelle we have get to head this way anyway . william come on ! ( continued ) 95 . continued : William push he way into the cornfield , roughly shove row to the side . Todd and annabelle move after he , along the trail he be create . ext . cornfield - night William stumble through the cornfield , annabelle and Todd close behind he . abruptly he stop , reach another trail go through the cornfield . todd what 's this ? william another trail . William look closely at the stump of a break cornstalk . he feel at it with he thumb . william ( cont 'd ) someone come through here recently . todd let 's just get out of here . william come on . we have to head in this direction . William begin head down the trail he have just discover , he foot sink slightly in the mud of the trail as he walk . annabelle follow he . Todd look around the cornfield , squinting against the rain . after a moment , he follow annabelle and William . ext . cornfield - moment later William and annabelle stumble against the rain . visibility be poor in front of they . they stagger into the clear with the wooden cross . the form of the scarecrow be tie to the cross . William look up at the scarecrow , wiping rain from he eye . annabelle back away , clearly terrify to be near the scarecrow . annabelle come on , William . ( continued ) 96 . continued : william I could have swear this be where we be before ... Todd step into the clear . todd what ? william well , at least we be head in the right direction . todd wait a minute . Todd be look up at the scarecrow intently . todd ( cont ’d ) something 's wrong . William squint up at the scarecrow , barely able to see through the rain . just then , the scarecrow on the cross suddenly twist and emit a moan sound . Todd , annabelle and William all take a quick step away from the cross . the scarecrow arch its back and twist against the rope that be bind it to the cross . annabelle ( almost cry ) let 's go ! todd no , wait ... Todd move closer to the scarecrow . todd ( cont ’d ) clyde ? the scarecrow 's body twist again , sharply . William step forward . william my god . that be clyde 's clothes . todd be it he ? William look at Todd . ( continued ) 97 . continued : ( 2 ) william let 's find out . William hand he lantern to annabelle . william ( cont ’d ) here . William carefully approach the wooden cross , remove a knife from he boot . with the knife between he tooth , William climb up the back of the cross , carefully avoid contact with the scarecrow , which be no longer move . Todd and annabelle watch William anxiously . Todd have a hand on the butt of he gun . use the knife , William begin cut at the rope wrap around the scarecrow 's body . william ( cont 'd ) he 's tie up with hemp . hold on a second . Todd move closer to the scarecrow . the scarecrow writhes and moan again . the moan be muffle by the burlap sack over its head . Todd look nervous . william ( cont 'd ) hang on , clyde . do not move so much , we be cut you loose . the scarecrow continue writhe . in a moment , William have cut through the rope around the scarecrow 's right arm and torso . the scarecrow sway forward , then slip out of the remain rope and fall forward off the cross . Todd reach out to catch the scarecrow . the scarecrow hit Todd and they both fall to the ground . William jump off the cross and move over to Todd , who roll away from the scarecrow . Todd rise to he foot . the scarecrow twist miserably on the ground , as if barely able to move its body . annabelle , William and Todd look down at it , hesitate . william ( cont 'd ) here , hold on . William bend down and reach for the burlap sack over the scarecrow 's head . annabelle edge away . Todd surreptitiously reach into he holster and remove he pistol , cock it . ( continued ) 98 . continued : ( 3 ) William pull off the burlap sack , revealing clyde 's face . clyde 's eyelid , mouth and nostril have be sewn shut with black yarn . the flap of clyde 's ear have be sewn forward to the side of he face . clyde struggle to speak , pull at the stitches on he mouth and eye , but be only able to moan . annabelle oh my god . William and Todd stare at clyde with horror . after a moment William lean forward with he knife , as if to cut the stitches on clyde 's face . he hesitates near the yarn on clyde 's mouth as clyde writhes in pain . william uh ... annabelle , do you have a scalpel or something in you bag ? annabelle yeah , sure . annabelle begin fumble through she satchel . william we would better use that . Todd lean forward to pluck some of the hay out of clyde 's shirt , which be bloody in spot . Todd pause , then feel lightly at clyde 's chest . todd uh ... Todd press down on clyde 's chest , hesitates , then push up clyde 's shirt . clyde 's torso have be tear open and fill up with bloody hay . Broken rib poke up through the side of clyde 's torso , as if he sternum be crack away from he rib cage . wad of dry hay have be plunge into clyde 's stomach and lung . william oh. William stagger back a step , look faint . Todd , as if unable to stop himself , pull at clyde 's sleeve . clyde 's wrist have be slit , and hay have be shove into the cut . clyde continue to twist and moan on the ground as Todd check he body . ( continued ) 99 . continued : ( 4 ) annabelle what ... what do they do to he ? William 's look up at she , he face crumpling . william what be go on ... clyde suddenly stop move , then he head slowly loll to the side , to face Todd . with he stitched - shut lip and eye , clyde smile widely up at Todd . Todd recoil in fear . todd what the hell ! Todd shove at clyde 's head . clyde 's head immediately roll away from he body , into the row of corn , out of sight . clyde 's neck be a bloody stump , from which a few stalk of dry hay protrude . clyde 's body lie still on the ground , hay stick out of he clothes . Todd rise to he foot , shaking uncontrollably . William be still squatting , look at clyde 's body , in shock . william what be go on here ? annabelle come on , William . get up . we need to go . Todd , still not look at William or annabelle , look around the cornfield . todd we be never go to leave here . annabelle yes , we be , Todd . we be go right now . come on . todd no , we be not . Todd 's mouth twist , as if he be about to cry . todd ( cont ’d ) I do not want to die here . I do not want to have to stay here . annabelle come on , then . ( continued ) 100 . continued : ( 5 ) Todd ignore annabelle , look around the cornfield . just beneath the sound of the wind whipping the cornstalk , several voice can be hear , whisper under the wind . the voice sound like that of small child . they babble over each other , possibly in foreign tongue , they word impossible to understand . annabelle watch Todd . Todd stand , transfix . todd tell I you hear it now , annabelle . annabelle hear what ? ( pause ) I just hear the wind . Todd look around . todd they say I be next . annabelle no , you be not , Todd . no one be . we be get out of here . William shake he head and rise to he foot . william come on , Todd . you be hearing thing . it 's just the storm . Todd shake he head slightly . the voice grow louder over the wind , become urgent and angry . todd ( softly ) no , it be not . Todd step forward , towards the cornfield , almost stumbling over clyde 's body . Todd look down at clyde 's body , he face stiffening . Todd then look up , clear -ey , and address the cornfield : todd ( cont 'd ) you may not let I leave here , but I will not let you take I . with that , Todd place the barrel of he pistol in he mouth , cock the hammer . william Todd ! no ! ( continued ) 101 . continued : ( 6 ) Todd pull the trigger . the round bullet send blood and bone fragment spurting out of the back of Todd 's head . Todd stay upright for a moment , look daze , then blood flow from he open mouth and he crumple to the ground , dead . William stand above Todd , astonished . Todd 's body lie next to clyde 's . annabelle grab at William 's arm , pull at he . annabelle come on ! William mutely follow she further into the cornfield . annabelle begin to run ; William follow . ext . cornfield - moment later annabelle and William rush through the cornfield , occasionally slip in the mud , with annabelle in the lead . annabelle be run intently through the corn . William stagger after she , try to keep up . william slow down ! annabelle come on ! annabelle continue rush forward , through the cornstalk . the wind and rain whip into she face , and the cornstalk be be blow back towards she . behind she , William slip and fall , flat on he face , in the mud . he struggle to he foot , slip and fall back down again . grabbing onto the cornstalk , William haul himself upright and stumble forward again . he can no longer see annabelle ; she be too far ahead . William run forward , in she general direction . william annabelle ! William 's word be drown out by a sudden clap of thunder . he plunge forward , through the cornstalk . ext . cornfield - night annabelle continue racing forward , still lighter on she foot than William . she run through the dark cornfield , shouting out : ( continued ) 102 . continued : annabelle we have get to be near the road by now ! there be no response from behind she . still run , annabelle look over she leave shoulder . there be nothing behind she but cornstalk . she come to a stop , look back . ext . cornfield - night William continue run , look around . Inside the cornfield , it be impossible to determine what direction he be head in . wind , William slow to a stop , look around . he be surround on all side by thick cornstalk . william ( scream ) annabelle ! there be no response . William gasp for air , look around . william ( cont 'd ) Christ . ext . cornfield - night annabelle put she hand to she mouth and shout , try to be hear over the rain . annabelle William ! there be no response from the cornfield . annabelle take a step forward , move deeper into the cornfield , then stop , look behind she , in the general direction of the trail . annabelle ( cont ’d ) come on , William ... where be you ? annabelle shift she foot nervously , she eye wide with fear unwilling to move in either direction . ext . cornfield - night deeper in the cornfield , William catch he breath . william annabelle ! ( continued ) 103 . continued : William look around , then take a step forward and freeze . a few foot to William 's right , a dark figure be just visible move in the cornstalk . the figure immediately disappear obscure by the cornstalk . william ( cont 'd ) annabelle ? William move in the direction of the figure , peer forward anxiously . suddenly , a child 's giggle come from directly behind William . William stop move and stand very still . he slowly move he right hand onto the butt of he pistol , stare straight ahead into the cornfield . in a sudden motion , William spin around , draw he pistol out in front of he . no one be there . William take a step back , brandish he pistol . william ( cont 'd ) who 's there ? in the cornstalk directly in front of William , in a space in between two haphazard row , the figure briefly appear again , pass between the row . the figure 's body be lumpy and large and the figure be wear a hat ; it be clearly not annabelle , but it be too dark to see any further detail before the figure move behind another row of corn . William cock the hammer on he pistol , nervously move forward , look around as he do so . he whisper , almost to himself : william ( cont 'd ) annabelle ? ext . cornfield - night annabelle look around again , then clenches she jaw and begin move forward , deeper into the cornfield . annabelle William ! ext . cornfield - night William look around , shield he eye from the rain . lightn flash , follow immediately by thunder . ( continued ) 104 . continued : a wild animal cry come from the cornstalk near William . the cornstalk move , as if something small be run through they . William jump , twist he gun towards the direction of the sound . nothing be visible in the cornstalk . a low , gentle human sobbing softly come from the cornstalk near William . William 's face fill with fear . william who 's out there ? there be no response , and the sobbing noise gradually fade away . William look around . lightn flash , and , ten foot away from William in the cornfield , the figure of a scarecrow be visible . the scarecrow push its way through the cornstalk , angrily make its way through the field , towards the house . as William stare at the scarecrow , the scarecrow suddenly stop move and turn its head towards William . the scarecrow have no eye or face , just a burlap sack . the scarecrow and William face each other , freeze , then the scarecrow cock its head slightly . the lightning end and the field be immediately dark again ; the scarecrow be no longer visible . William quickly raise he gun and fire towards the direction of the scarecrow . the gunshot echoe through the field . there be no response from the section of the cornfield William just aim at . William pause for a moment , stare ahead , then quickly break he pistol and begin urgently reloading it , look in front of himself while do so . William 's hand be shaking so badly that he can barely load he pistol , but he finally manage to do so , instantly cock he pistol again and hold it out in front of he . he look around the field , back up . in front of William , the cornstalk move to the side ; the dark figure of the scarecrow be briefly visible pass through the stalk , towards William . William point he gun at the figure , but do not fire as the figure immediately disappear from view . William 's lower jaw be tremble , and he breathes in short gasp . william ( cont ’d ) shit ... ( continued ) 105 . continued : ( 2 ) a splash sound come from William 's other side ; he spin around , aim he pistol in this direction , he hand shaking . just then , a howling noise , like that of a animal in pain or die , come from in front of William ; he twist in that direction with a sharp cry . from behind William , a dark figure suddenly burst through the cornstalk , move directly towards William 's back . William spin around , stumbling away , and immediately fire at the dark figure . the figure instantly come to a stop , then take a step backwards and fall back in between two stalk of corn , unmove . the figure lie still on the ground , shroud by the darkness of the cornfield . only the figure 's shoe be visible . William fall to he knee in front of the figure , sobbing hysterically . ext . cornfield - early morning the sun 's first ray shine over the cornfield . the rain have cease , though the cornstalk be still damp in appearance . the morning light be faint , but illuminate the entire cornfield . William be still sit in the mud . annabelle 's body lie in front of he . her eye be shut . the blood on she forehead have congeal and be almost black around the bullet wound where William shot she . William stare straight ahead , he face blank . his hair be paste to he head . he look aimlessly into the cornfield . ext . cornfield - morning the cornfield be now bright with the morning sun . William be still sit next to annabelle , stare straight ahead . he then turn he head and look at annabelle . reaching out , William put he hand to the side of annabelle 's face . his jaw tremble , then he take he hand away , look away from annabelle 's corpse and rise to he foot . William 's gun lie several foot away from he , half - bury in the mud . William move towards the row of corn , then freeze as a sudden growl sound come from directly in front of he . William look down slowly , he body still . Dog be stand in front of William , between two haphazard row of corn . ( continued ) 106 . continued : Dog 's hackles be up and Dog 's tooth be bare . Dog snarl at William , saliva drip from its mouth . william ( softly ) Dog ? Dog growl again , eye fix on William 's . all the hair on Dog 's back be stick up straight . William slowly reach into he coat , for he gun . his gun be not there . William realize this , then slowly look for he gun . William 's gun be about a yard in front of he . the gun be between William and Dog . William carefully begin edging forward , toward the gun . Dog growl again , crouching down . William come to a stop , then when Dog do not move , begin move towards the gun again . Dog lunge forward at William , snarling . William raise he arm to block Dog and Dog 's tooth clamp down on William 's forearm . William yell . the weight of Dog knock William to the ground . William flail against Dog , try to pull he bloody arm out of Dog 's mouth . the dog thrashes its head wildly , mangle William 's arm . William scream . William roll over onto Dog , yanking he arm out of Dog 's tooth . a chunk of William 's arm be leave in Dog 's jaw . Dog immediately twist away from William 's grasp and bite onto William 's upper leg , tear at William 's flesh . William yell again , then lift he other leg up and kick Dog in the head . the blow knock Dog back , away from William , towards William 's gun . the dog scramble , regain its balance . William immediately rise to he foot . he see that Dog be nearer to the gun than he , then turn and run . limp badly , William stumble forward through the cornfield , in the general direction of the trail . Dog be immediately after William , run quickly through the cornfield . the fur on the front of Dog 's body be slick with William 's blood . William run as fast as he can , plow through the cornstalk . he look behind himself and can see Dog rush up just behind he , growl . William plunge forward . wound , William can not possibly outrun Dog , and Dog be gain fast . Dog be within ten foot of William 's heel as William stumble forward . ( continued ) 107 . continued : ( 2 ) Dog come closer , snap at William 's ankle . then Dog suddenly come to a stop , stare straight ahead . William continue desperately run forward , oblivious to the fact that Dog be no longer directly behind he . suddenly , William burst out of the cornfield , into the light . blind , William squint , try to shield he eye from the sun . a gunshot boom from directly in front of he . William 's chest explode . he fall back into the cornfield . ext . trail - morning a group of ten confederate soldier stand on the trail , look at something on the ground . half of they be perch on top of horse ; the other hold the horse 's rein . one man , johnston , be hold a smoking rifle . he look down at the object on the ground with evident revulsion . johnston what the hell be that ? one of the man shake he head , move closer . on the ground , with half of its body inside the field , lie a medium - size furry creature . it be dead , a wide , blood -soak bullet wound gape in the soft white fur of its chest . the creature have a face like a furry pig 's ; it be the same type of creature that Sam shot . a confederate soldier with a thick mustache lean forward and spit , then squint up at the house in front of they . mustached soldier that 's the damned ugliest thing I have ever see . johnston ( laugh nervously ) that thing sure jump out at we , do not it ? gave I a scare . one of the man on a horse , wear a more elaborate uniform , clear he throat . this be the captain . captain well , unless you be fix to eat it leave it alone . johnston and kormer , you two go check out that house and barn . I be sure they have move on if they come this way , but just make sure nothing 's there . the place look abandon and it would not have be a bad spot to spend the night . ( continued ) 108 . continued : johnston and another , red-haire man step away from the group , towards the cornfield . captain ( cont ’d ) the rest of we will continue . you two water you horse and give they some grain ; see what you can find . you can catch up with we later in the day . johnston and kormer nod , pull they horse with they . the captain and the seven other soldier continue down the trail . lead they horse , johnston and kormer step into the cornfield and begin work they way through the tall stalk , towards the house . a light breeze sway the cornstalk that surround they . fade out the end