wag the dog by David mamet 10/14/96 fade in : a card , white on the black screen , read : why do a dog wag its tail ? beneath it , the next line fade in : because a dog be smarter than its tail . cross -fade to the next card , which read : if the tail be smarter , the tail would wag the dog . dissolve fade in : ext the white house night a van full of people stop at a side entrance . angle int the white house at the side , utility entrance , we see the disgorging working -class men and women , they pass through security screening in the b.g. , through metal detector , and past several guard who check the photo -i.d.'s around there neck . angle int the white house wilfred AMES , and amy cain , a bright young woman in her twenties , walking down a corridor , looking worried . angle AMES and cain AMES and cain have stop at the end of the hall . beyond they we see the cleaning people coming in from the van , and be cleare through a metal detector into a holding area , and handed cleaning material , mop , vacuum , ET cetera , by a type holding a clipboard . part of the group , a man in he forties , in a ratty jacket , OPEN collare shirt , pass through the group , and be stop by a secret serviceman who appear next to AMES . in the b.g. we see a tv in a adjacent room , showing a political commercial . AMES ( to secret serviceman ) ... that 's he . AMES move out of the shot . leaving US on the political commercial . we see two business people on the plane , a man and a woman . businessman well , all I know , you do not change horse in the middle of the stream . businesswoman " do not change horse , " well , there 's a lot of truth in that . the image shift to a president , do presidential thing . and the voice - over . voice - over for peace , prosperity , for all of we : do not change horse in ... angle a corridor of the white house , as AMES and the man in the ratty jacket ( brean ) walk hurriedly . AMES finishes one cigarette and use the butt to light a fresh one . they pass by a large photograph of the back of a man , bending to shake hand with one of a line of girlscouts . AMES glance up at the photograph and shake he head dejectedly . int white house " situation " room . night . a woman with a stenopad , arranging pad and pencil at a SMALL conference table . a secret service type put he head in the room , and bow out , and nods , brean and AMES enter hurriedly . AMES we be go to ... he stop talking as a white house waiter enter with a tray with coffee thing on it , followed by two young aide , sleepy and dishevelled , who enter quickly , and apologies unutter , sit and make themselves SMALL . brean make a little gesture at the waiter , who be setting out the coffee , and at the stenographer , meaning " get they out of here . " AMES thank you , that will be all . the stenographer and the waiter leave brean ( of the two staffer ) who we get here ...? AMES John levy , staff , and Amy cain , Press off .... brean alright . look here , any of you kid hear in this room : what you hear here , what you say here , what you do here , f'it get out , you leak it . ( to AMES ) tell them what they need to know . AMES when it break , he say one word : get I ronnie brean . brean ( nods ) well. alright . what be it ? what 's , he , uh ...? he have a illegal immigrant , be he gardener , some year back ...? ( smile ) what 's the thing ? you people get ahead , you sure get nervous . a aide enter , with several typed sheet , which she hand to cain . cain read to herself , pass they to AMES . brean ( con 't ) ...he make a pass at some Secretary , back in ... AMES take the sheet , and read . gesture to brean , " one moment , please . " angle INS . the sheet , which AMES hold . it read : as president of the UNITED states I regret that personal incapacity have rendered I momentarily unable to confront and correct .... angle brean looking on , as AMES read , and shake he head sadly . brean take the sheet . angle INS . reading over brean shoulder : 1 . ) statutory rape. 2 . ) the President 's long -document mental problem 3 . ) bring about by reaction to drug to control flu ...? angle AMES reading over brean shoulder . AMES ... do he have the flu ...? cain it can be document that he display the ... brean lay down the sheet somberly , everyone look at he . brean this be not the illegal immigrant nanny . cain there be a group of girlscout here from Indiana last month . one of they express a interest in a Frederick remington bust . the president take she into the oval Office , for a period ... AMES Three minute . it could not have be over three minute , the secret service ... brean gesture he to be quiet . brean okay . and she 's alleging ...? cain gesture brean to keep reading the sheet in front of he . he doe so . pause . to himself . brean ( con 't ) Jesus , Mary and Joseph . AMES we be virtually certain it be not ... brean who 's get the story ? ( pause ) AMES do not you want to know if it 's true ? brean what difference do it make if it 's true ? ( pause ) it 's a story , and , it break they be gonna have to run with it -- how long have we get till it break ? ( pause ) AMES Front page . Washington post. tomorrow . brean well , yeah . now . that 's not good . okay : ( pause ) okay . we will set up the War room here ... a aide bring he a cup of coffee . brean thank you . now : where be he ? levy China . brean when 's he come back ...? levy touchdown , andrew , fourteen hundred , today . brean take a notebook out of he pocket , and look at it . brean ( as he read from he notebook ) alright , now , here : he stay on the ground in China till tomorrow . cain ... why ? brean ... you the Press Office ? cain ... yes . brean ( shrug ) earn you money . ... he 's ill , the plane be sick ... cain ( making note ) ... good ... AMES when do we bring them back ? brean you gotta give I a day . I need a day . ( pause ) he 's sick , get it out now . get he on the phone and tell he how sick he be . we get to get it out before the story break , so we be not quote , respond to it . issue be as a bulletin . he 's get some rare strain of ... AMES it will not hold . brean all I need be the one day . AMES it will not even hold the one day , ronnie -- brean yes -- it will ... now : why be the President in China ? levy Trade re1ation . brean you be goddamn right . and it 's get nothing to do with the b-2 bomber . ( pause ) levy there be no b-2 bomber , brean that 's what I be tell you . ( pause . he glance at he watch . ) the two thing : the two thing : rare strain of flu , no Cause to be alarm . and the b-2 bomber ... ( to aide ) clear I a space . get I a copy , go rob one , get it off the computer , wash Post , n.y. time , aide you want some research , flu ? side -effect of meki .... brean naw , we can not play this one catch -up . that 's how long since you stop beat the wife . we have to ... AMES we be go to have to explain away the ... brean they catch he in the closet with a girlscout . side - effect of a pill be not go trump that . you have to keep them guess for ( he glance at the calendar ) two week . you do not have to cure Cancer , pal , you just have to give they something more interesting than ... cain what 's more interesting than boffing the girlscout ? brean well , that 's what we be do here ... brean be sunk in thought . a aide start to speak . AMES silences he , brean beckon AMES over . brean ( sotto ) gemme twenty thousand dollar .... AMES nods , and wave a aide over and whisper to her . brean ( cont . ) and gemme a car . AMES car and a driver , Mr. brean , the westgate , now , please ... brean okay , look , who 's takin ' the press conference today ? cain be there a press conference today ? brean what do you think ? what I need from you : I need a base of operation . some place in the District . I need some clean money ... levy how much ...? AMES gesture he to be quiet . brean and , to hold it together , I need two day . there be no b-2 bomber : here 's what you do ahout that : whoever be leak stuff to that geek at the Post , let it slip , " geez , I hope this do not screw up the b-2 Program ... " " what B -2 Program , and why should it screw it up ? " " if the president move to deploy the B - 2 before it be fully test . " " deploy the B - 2 , why ? " " in the crisis . " AMES what crisis ? brean I be work on it . same time , you call billy Scott at Joint Chiefs , and pour he onna plane right now to Seattle , y'got that ...? all flustered and worried . to talk to the boe people . AMES ( to levy ) do it ... levy move to a telephone . brean ( to cain ) and you ? cain but there be not a B - 2 bomber . brean where would you go to school , kid . wellesly ? cain Dartmouth brean then show a little spunk . there be no b-2 bomber , General Scott , the best of you knowledge , be not in Seattle to talk with boe ... AMES it will not hold . brean one day , two day ? course it 's gonna hhhh .... camera take they down the hall , where we see the cleaning people , with floor polisher , looking up at the picture of the president and the girlscouts , and snickering . angle on brean and AMES looking on . the cleaning people notice they be be watched and disperse . AMES it will not hold , ronnie , it will not prove out . brean we do not need it to prove out . we need it to distract they for two week till the election . AMES what would do that ...? hold , on brean thinking . AMES ( cont . ) what in the world would do that ? brean I be work on it . he turn around and stare at the wall . brean walk to the counter where the coffee and roll be steaming . on the wall be hung two wipe - off slate . one read " day to election 12 , " the other read " % in favor 63 " brean pick up a roll , downs a coffee , and start out of the door . angle camera take they out into the hall . brean leans close to AMES . brean gimme twenty thousand dollar . he start into the hall , followed by the entourage , and the camera . brean I will be back within the hour . now , AMES ( walk along , shaking he head ) it 's go to be fine . it 's go to be ... you remember in 88 , when ... a aide come up to they , holding a videotape . AMES what be it ... aide whisper to AMES . who nods , take the tape , and brean , and the aide , into a side office . int side office night . as the aide put the tape into a v.c.r . brean what be it ? AMES it 's the rough - cut , the other side 's new commercial . the picture come on , it show the president do several presidential thing . the commercial we saw earlier . brean that 's we commercial . ( pause ) I have see it . that 's we commercial . AMES ( to aide ) turn up the volume . the aide doe so , and we hear maurice chavalier singing , " thank heaven , for Little Girls .... " another aide enter , sheepishly , hand a thick packet to AMES , who hold it out to brean . brean what be this ? AMES twenty thousand dollar . brean ( nods , remembering it ) yeah , I be gonna have to go to l.a . int backseat the stationwagon we saw at the westgate . georgetown . night . AMES in the backseat . AMES I be come with you . brean ( shrug ) gemme a plane . Business Aviation , National , one hour . fly to Chicago . o'hare , lax 6 a.m . AMES I will see you at National . brean nods , and exit . hold on AMES . he hear something , and turn . angle he Pov . a young staffer , in the corner , speak softly on the phone . staffer ( on phone ) tell he , well , tell he we , I know we just sign it , but we be go to cancel it . ( pause ) because , because we be not go to be stay here the next four year . ( pause ) well , I can not tell you on the phone ... ext georgetown STREET night . the doorstep of a house . a middle aged man in a bathrobe , hold a very large manila envelope , he turn , someone behind he obviously having call he . he turn and secret the envelope in he bathrobe pocket . angle in the foreground , brean , in a taxicab , which drive away , in the b.g. , the man in the bathrobe , reentering he house . int SMALL twin engine prop plane . night . AMES and brean in the back hold on AMES who be shaking he head . he reach over and nudge brean awake . AMES tell , tell , tell I again . brean .... we landing ? AMES tell I again . brean ( sigh ) lookit , do not worry about it . it 's not a New concept . wake I when we touch down , will ... he tries to nestle himself back to sleep . AMES nudge he . AMES we can not afford a war . brean we be not go to have a war . we be go to have the " appearance " of a war . AMES I be not sure we can afford to have the " appearance " of a war . brean what 's it gonna cost ? ( he shrug and start to roll over to go to sleep . ) AMES but , but , but , " they " would find out . brean who would find out ? AMES ... the ... ( he gesture out of the window ) brean the american " people " ? AMES yes brean who 's gonna tell them . AMES ...but ... brean what do they find out about the Gulf War ? one shot : one bomb , fall though the roof , building coulda be make of lego . he roll over again . AMES ( as if rehearsing it to himself ) ... you want we to go to War ... brean rouse himself , shrug , take out a notebook , and begins to write . brean ... that 's the general idea . AMES why ? brean why not , what have they ever do for we ...? also : they sound ... ah , you see , this be why we have to mobilize the b-2 bomber ... AMES ... they sound what ? brean shifty . who know anything about they ... AMES hold on , hold on , hold on : brean well , I be gonna hold on , but you go to win this election , you better change the subject . you wanna change this subject , you better have a War . what do you need ? it 's gotta be quick , it 's gotta be dramatic , you get to have a enemy . okay ? what do you need in a enemy ? somebody you fear . who do you fear ? som 'b 'y you do not know . AMES who ? brean well , I be work on it .... he roll over . ext , o'hare airport . business terminal . a beautiful prairie dawn . the SMALL plane finishes taxiing , brean and AMES emerge , a uniformed obsequious airline attendant come up , and hand they ticket . angle , on brean and AMES , as they walk across the tarmac . AMES albania ... brean yes . AMES why ? brean what do you know about they ? AMES ...nothing ... brean precisely . AMES what do albania ever do to we ? brean what do they ever do for we ...? ( pause ) you see , this be why we have to mobilize the b-2 bomber . AMES ( to himself ) ... you want we to go to War with albania . brean here 's what you get to do : ( he gesture , " get on the phone " ) get you Press Office , right now . to deny ; there be no report of albanian activity . they have to deny it . now , get the c.i.a . int airline waiting area . day . early morning businessmen and women , holding coffee cup . one wear a campaign button showing the photo of the president and the girl scout . he brush past brean who be sitting by a mindless television weather presentation on a huge tv . he look down at he watch . announcer ( vo ) american Airlines announce the departure of flight _____ for Los Angeles , will all passenger hold ... the business type begin to queue up in a sleepy line . brean leans closer to the television , as it change to a news logo , and a talking head appear . talking head good morning : with the election eleven day away the world sleep , expect news from the President on Trade and he visit to China , another sort of news , however , have emerge from the presidential Quarter . Chris andrew , station kcrt , Santa Fe report : brean leans back from the television , and put he attention on the business people about to file onto the plane . as he watch they move first one at a time , and then , in a group , drawn to the television . angle : brean , looking at the business people , clustering up . beyond he , we see the talking head from santa fe , the shot of the president with the girlscouts , which we saw previously on the white house wall , and on the campaign button . brean take out a notepad and start making note . AMES wander into the shot , with a cup of dunkin ' donut coffee , and the cellphone into which he be talking . AMES top people . albanian desk . well , I do not know either , but we probably have one . albanian dusk , c.i.a. , n.s.a. roust them outta bed , siren blaring .... brean nods , meaning , " good student . " AMES ( cont . ) I know they will be in in a hour , get them now ... c.i.a. , n.s.a. , wake them up . brean gesture , tell they the other thing . AMES ( cont . ) and you tell the staff , anyone leak anything on this situation , he or she job be go to be ... the two be in the queue through the jetway . they come to the door of the airliner . AMES ( cont . ) ... General Scott in Seattle ...? no , I do not think he trip have get anything to do with the b-2 bomber . now ... the stewardess intervene , as they come up to the door of the airliner stewardess I be sorry , Sir , I will have to ask you to ... she gesture at the cellphone . AMES lag behind in the jetway , as brean walk into the plane , camera track with he . brean and the camera notice a SMALL mini tv in the galley area , where the stewardess be sneaking a peek at the screen , showing the president , greet the girlscout . stewardess ( cont . ) ( to brean ) do you hear ? brean well , I do not know , a lot of this early report be inflate . stewardess ... could , could , could he have do it ? brean ... who understand human nature ? angle back at he seat , the woman in the seat across the aisle to he be talking in a airfone . woman ( into phone ) what do she say that the President actually do .... well , who say it . her mother , or her ? ( pause ) he do ...? ( pause ) ... and they say that on tv ...? ( pause ) they use that word ...? brean ease into he seat , and take out he notebook . woman ( into phone ) ... what time ? two Eastern ? alright , I will .... alright . ( she hang up the airfone . ) beat . she turn to brean . we see she be wearing the button which show the president and the girlscouts . she look down and finger the button . woman ( of the button ) ... what do you think ...? brean ...how can any of we know ? woman ( of the button ) make you feel kind of foolish , do not it ...? brean I be sure that 's the worst of it . ( beat ) woman ( meditatively , shaking her head , as she look at the button ) ...a twelve year - old girl . ( pause ) ... and I be go to vote , for he . brean well , it be not over till it 's over ... AMES sit in the seat next to brean . brean how 's he do ? AMES shush brean , take out the airphone , and start dialing . ext poolhouse beverly hill HOTEL day . two white - togged pool attendant , watching a SMALL television at the check -in area . on television , senator frederick nole , a midwesterner , holding forth . nole ... if it be true , he should , he must step down . and if it be not true , then he must ... we be inform he have extend he visit to China , I say , on behalf of the american ... announcer ( vo ) Senator ... Senator ... we have to ... nole I say , on behalf of the american people , come home , face the music , whatever that may be . th'election 's in ten day , let the american ... announcer ( vo ) let the american people decide ... screen goe to the talking head of the announcer . announcer Senator Frederick nole . with , excuse I , Senator , that 's eleven day , till the election , and the president ahead in the poll by , Bob ...? second talking head seventeen percent . announcer accusation have surface , which ... bob Bill , the White House have announce , that , in response to media pressure there will be a press conference in ... the two pool attendant straighten , and put on there best smile , and look at a arriving man . pool attendant Morning , Mr. moss . stanley moss , a successful looking fellow around sixty , come through the turnstile , one of the attendant bustle around , handing he towel . we hold on the second attendant , who scurry up the step . second attendant ... I will be right back with you juice ... moss call after he moss ... with a carrot in it ... as he clear the frame , we see , below he , moss and the first attendant , who be gesture down toward the pool area , they turn there head . angle down at the deserted pool area . one nanny type , with a young kid in waterwings , frolicking in the water , and brean , and AMES , who be sitting in pool chair . brean rise , and walk to greet moss , leaving AMES in the b.g. talking on a cell phone . angle on moss and brean , as moss approach a bit tentatively . moss do I know you ? brean we have some mutual friend in Washington . int pool cabana , bev . hill HOTEL , day . a curtain be swept aside , as moss and brean and AMES enter , in the b.g. we see the nanny and the little kid in the pool . moss and brean be talking as they enter . moss and be it true ? AMES waal , Mr. moss , I would not .... moss start stripping off he clothes , and changing into a swimsuit . moss you would not be here if it be not true . it 's true , right ? he switch on the television in the cabana . we see a female talking head . female talking head sexual relation with a girl thirteen year old . the screen goe to the photo of the president with the girlscouts . moss turn down the volume . as he and brean talk the tv show image of the president with girlscouts , and with other youth group . moss and you be here why ...? brean I be here , Mr. moss , because you have show yourself a great supporter of the Party . moss Party 's gonna need more than a couple buck now . the pool attendant enter with a tray on which be a glass with liquid and a carrot stick in it , and a glass full of celery stick . moss back where I come from they call this Romeo in joliet . ( he shake he head , reach onto a SMALL table behind he , and pick up a book . ) I , I , and y'know , I like the guy ... he sign he book to I .... he hold the book to brean , the camera sees the photo of the president on the back cover , the front cover read . " .... for two generation to agree . " moss look down at the book , and quote moss " for progress to occur , it be necessary for two generation to agree .... " he look at the television screen , which show the president with a young gibl on he lap . moss oh , jeez , this guy be fuck . brean what one have to do , Mr. moss . be to fight a hold action . moss ... hold action . they 're go to tear this guy to shred . brean if we can hold the break-in- the -dam for ten day , till the election , we ... moss yeah , hut you can not hold the dam . how the hell , n'nu and ' , I do not get what you want I to ... the screen change , we see the seal of the president , and we be in the newsroom of the white house . a shot of the restive reporter , in the b.g. of the cabana we see the pool attendant taking he leave , hurrying back to the other television at the pool desk . announcer ( vo ) allegation that the president have sexual ... ah ... here be the deputy ... assistant under secretary ... we see levy take the podium , arrange he note , and clear he throat . brean leans forward , anxious , in he seat . moss I do not ... they be gonna tear this guy to shred ... levy ( on tv ) ... the illness of the President , which we be assure , be not serious . I repeat , it be not serious , the doctor suspect it 's a stomach flu , but have advise he not to fly . he will remain , on the ground , in China for , they estimate , one or two day , I stress that , during this time he will , of ... moss ...he 's gotta come back sometime , what the hell be two day gonna buy he . levy ( vo ) any question .... Mr. sklansky , yes ... moss ( as he leans closer to the tv ) ... twelve year old girl ... breir rabbit couldh t gut outta this ... angle , on brean as he look at moss , leaning into the tv . he then switch he glance toward the pool desk , angle he Pov . at the pool desk we see the two attendant , the nanny , the kid and several newly arrive bather clustered , rapt , around the television . levy ( C ) ( vo ) yes ...? sklansky ( vo ) Mr. levy ... levy ( vo ) yes sklansky would you comment on the rumor ... on the rumor that the President 's trip , that the President 's delay ... be due to the situation in albania ? angle on the television we see sklansky , and see that he be the chap in the bathrobe whom brean give the envelope to . levy there , uh , I be not aware of the situation to which you refer . sklansky Sir : the head of the albanian desk at c.i.a. , and at the National Security agency have be recall on special alert , and there be rumor that the b-2 bomber ... levy Mr. sklansky , Mr. sklansky , I be I be unaware of any , um , " situation ... " the b-2 bomber ? ( pause ) the b-2 bomber ...? there be no b-2 bomber . Mrs. Rose ... a woman reporter stand . mrs . rose Mr. levy , early this morning Major General William Scott fly to Seattle . be he trip connect with the b-2 bomber ? levy uh ... Mrs. Rose , there , to the best of my knowledge , there be no ... reporter Mr. levy : be the situation in albania in any way connect with recent Muslim Fundamentalist , anti- american ... beat . moss look at brean . moss how close be you to this thing ? brean pick up a cellphone from the table , and dial brean ( to moss ) what do you want the kid to say ? moss look at brean appraisingly . moss have he say , ' I know we be all concerned for the President , there will he a update at 5:45 . ' as moss speak brean nods to AMES , speak into the telephone . AMES ( into phone ) have the kid say I know we be all concerned for the President . there will he a update on he condition at 5:45 . they both turn to watch the screen . levy ( on tv ) ... no information whatever on Fundamentalist ... ( he hold he hand to he earphone ) I . I just want to say I know we be all conceroe for the President , there will be a update on he condition at five forty - five ... moss leans over and turn down the volume on the tv. beat . moss well . you buy yourself one day . maybe two . brean string a few together . all I need 's eleven , moss how you go to stretch it ? ( he gesture at the tv ) this will not hold for eleven day . guy fuck a twelve- year -old ... whadday be gonna do to hold that off ? brean what do you think would hold it off ? moss uh , nothing , oh , nothing ... uh ... a War , uh ... ( he pause , then look at brean with comprehension . ) you be kid . brean shake he head no . moss I be a Jew in show Business . why come to I ? brean I be gonna tell you why ... brean leans conspiratorially , over toward moss . brean here 's the short course : fifty - four , forty or fight . what do that mean ? moss uh , it 's a slogan . from , uh ... brean remember the Maine ... moss that 's from the ... it 's get to be from the ... brean tippecanoe and Tyler , too ! moss ...uh ... no , that 's ... brean we remember the slogan , we can not even remember the fuck war . y'know why . Cause it 's show business . that 's why I be here . nake girl , cover in napalm . five marine raising the flag , mount suribachi . churchill , V for Victory , y'remember the picture , fifty year from now , they will have forget the war . Gulf War ? smart bomb , fall through the roof . 2500 mission a day , 100 day , one shot of one bomb . the american people buy that war . m'i get through to you ? War in the balkan , do not mean nothing , till some g.i. flyer , go down , eat snake for ten day . n'then it 's show business , mister moss . that 's why I be here . angle at the pool desk . the attendant and the guest be watching the television . on which we see comiontator talking about a map of albania . the scene shift to the shot of the president be presiential , and we hear , " thank heaven , for little girl ... " AMES wince , we see the pool attendant laugh . brean it 's like be a producer , Mr. moss . the thing in trouble . somebody 's get to wade in , save the thing . ( pause ) you get the actor get up there , and strut and posture . but somebody , know what 's what , get to jump in and save the thing . ( pause ) they listen to thank heaven , for little girl , and they look at moss . pause moss why albania ? brean why not ? moss nods decisively . as if to say , " by golly , now you're talking ... " moss pat? Pat ? one of the attendant raise he head from the tv and sprint over to the cabana , where we see moss and brean deep in confab . moss gesture to the tray with the juice and the celery . moss ... throw this shit out . gemme a pot of coffee and a packet of camel . int moss' home , afternoon . a greene and greene bungalow in the hollywood hill , american art pottery all around . moss in bluejean and a hawaiian hat , pacing back and forth , smoking like a chimney . moss but at some point they gotta know . brean who ? moss the ... ( he gesture out of he window , meaning , " the public " ) brean " they get to know ? " Stan ...? get with it . who kill Kennedy ...? I read the first draft of the Warren report , say he be kill by a drunk Driver . you watch the Gulf War . what do you see ? Day after day , the one " smart bomb " fall into a building . the truth , I be in the building when they shot that shot , they shot it in a studio , Falls Church Virginia , 1/10th scale model of a building . moss be that true ? brean how the fuck do we know . you take my point ? moss ( shaking he head ) ... go to War ... brean it 's not " war . " it be a pageant . it 's a pageant ... like the oscar ... why we come to you ... moss I never win a oscar . brean n'it 's a cry shame . but you stage the oscar ... moss yes . indeed I do . ( pause ) he look over at he wall full of plaque and trophies . moss ( cont . ) you know , you be a writer , that 's you script . you be a director ... ( he gesture , ET cetera . ) but if you be the producer ... what do you do ? ( pause ) what do you do ? all you have get be the credit ... ( pause ) some plaque on the wall ... he shake he head sadly . brean and if you never win a oscar , how would you like a ambassadorship ... ( pause ) moss Hell , I would just do it for the hell of have do it , for a story to tell ... brean well , no , well , you could not tell any ... moss hey , I know that , hey , I be kid ... ( pause ) " it 's a pageant " brean ... that 's what it be . moss ( to himself ) " the country be at War . " ( pause ) brean it 's miss America , n'you be bert Parks . ( pause ) moss ... yoha , yoha ... yoha . ( pause ) < i> why < / i> albania ? brean because . moss they get to have something that we want . brean I be sure they do . moss what do we have that they want ? brean " freedom . " moss why would they want that ? hakan they're oppress . moss no , no , no . fuck freedom . no. fuck freedom . they .... they want ... they want to destroy the godless Satan of the United ... they want to destroy we Way of life . okay , okay , okay , could we ... okay : the President be in China . he be deal with a dispatch of the b-2 bomber to albania . why ? ( he shrug , hold up he hand , to say , " you tell I ... " ) AMES alright , well , alright : geopolitically ... moss gesture for silence . moss we have just find out they have the bomb . we have just found out they have the bomb , aaaand ... no , no wait a second , no , no , wait a second , no. the bomb 's not ... it 's not there -- because they would have to have a rocket and that shit and they be a buncha wog -- it 's ... it 's a suitcase bomb . ooookay . it 's a suitcase bomb , and it 's .... in Canada ! eh? albanian terrorist have place a suitcase bomb in Canada , in a attempt to infiltrate the bomb into the USA . AMES you know what ? this be good . this be terrific , and I will tell you why : it 's cost effective . this be .... moss ( shrug ) it 's produce . AMES no , this be great . moss I could tell you storey : cecil B. demille : alright ? the greatest show on Earth : he need a elephant , grace come in with a phone , to AMES . grace I have the White House on the line . moss ... one minute : demille need a elephant for a reshoot . AMES ( take the phone ) Ames here . yessir ... ( he listen . ) moss okay . okay . the suitcase bomb ... grace ... good title for a movie .... moss gesture " write it down " AMES wander away , relating the proceedings into the phone . AMES ... " terrorism , " and a attempt to infiltrate ... moss ... the suitcase bomb . act one albania deny it . President come on the air , " be calm . " okay , now : good. now , alright . Act two ... ( to grace ) I need the follow here . right now : johnnie Green , Liz butsky , and get I the fad King . grace be not johnny Green in the ... ( she gesture , looney bin ) moss no , he 's back in Nashville . brean ... who be this guy ...? moss ( to brean ) Act two : and then , Act two ... brean we do not need a Act two . moss ( on the phone ) and get I the fad King . no. get he first ... ( to brean ) we do not need a Act two ? brean we have just get to hold they interest for ten more day , till the Election . moss ... it 's a teaser ! brean it 's a teaser , absolutely right , AMES be see in the b.g. on the cellphone . AMES ( on the phone , sotto ) the think be , as of this moment , terrorism ... ( he cover the phone ) ... they be get a good reaction on the " albania " thing ... brean shrug , to say , " of course . " moss ( on the phone ) hello , King . how the heck be you ...? ( pause ) get out ... ( pause ) get out ... well , man , you fall in love like a hillbilly ... ( he cover the phone , explaining to that near he ) Ditch the wife , toss the kid in the pick -up , ( he gesture , meaning , you know ... ) ( to the fad king ) listen , King : get you fat redneck ass out here , willya ... AMES ( to brean , still holding the phone to he ear ) ... but the President wonder about the possible albanian backlash ... brean ( shrug ) you can not have a war without a enemy . moss ( on phone ) no , King , I need you here yesterday ... ( to brean ) how long do I need he for ? brean ( correcting himself ) well , you could have one , but it would be a very ineffective war ... ( to moss ) we be do in 10 day ... moss ten day . ( cover the phone ) there go to be any back end in this thing ? brean w... what ? moss ... there gonna be any money in this thing ? brean " back end " ... count on it . moss ( to phone ) lot n lotsa cash . stay on for Gracie , she will get you a ticket ( he hang up ) AMES ( to brean ) ... where be the back end come from ? brean it 's like that thing with the yellow ribbon ... AMES the thing with the yellow ribbon ... brean the hostages ...? AMES the hostage , but that be a naturally - occure ... ( brean give he a look to say , " oh , grow up " ) it be a put - up job ? ( brean give he the look again ) but where be the , where be the money in that ? brean in the yellow ribbon . AMES ... the yellow ribbon , but who , who would profit from that ... brean ( long suffering ) the ribbon manufacturer . moss ( into the phone ) King , King , I get a thing here , a product placement , gonna have a bigger back - end than hattie mcdaniel . now : AMES , cellphone to he ear , approach brean -- brean wave he off . brean I gotta protect the canadian horder , brean pick up another phone , and start brean ( into the phone ) here 's what we want to do : the Park Police , the border patrol , and the US Marshall 's service . the d.e. the a.t.f , all of they , stand by for instant mobilization , ' long the canadian border . ( pause ) and tell them there 's nothing to be alarmed about . int moss' dine room night . moss , brean , and three more people , pad and note tacked onto the wall . camera pan over the table . one newspaper , the editorial cartoon show the president . a girlscout be handing he a BOX of cookies , and he be saying , " I know I really shouldn 't " ... on another the editorial cartoon show the great seal of the president , the motto , written around the circumference read , " sit on my lap . " jay leno ( vo ) ... go into a convenience store ... angle the group , moss , brean and three more , watching the tv jay leno ... ask if they have any girlscout cookie . five cop jump on I , take I off in chain ... moss switch the station . we see ricky jay , do a vanish of coin . applause ... conan o'brian beckon ricky over to the panel . conan ricky jay , lady and gentleman , ricky , I guess we would have to say that you be the most famous manipulator of small oblect in the World . ricky jay no , I would have to say , that would be the President . laughter on the tv . moss switch the chanael again . we see senator nole . senator nole ( on tv ) ... take refuge behind the fact of distance , take refuge behind the mention of albania , of he stomach flu , take refuge , with the election that scant day away , behind everything except avowal of he guilt . Mr. President , if you have any shame , I ask you , the public ask you , the electorate ask you to return , to face this terrible charge , to ... the screen goe to the great seal of the president announcer ... from airforce one . in China . the President of the United States . president my fellow Americans . I apologize for the need for secrecy . I assure you that have it not be necessary to ensure the safety of we man and woman in the combat arm . the Republic of albania , long a staging ground for terrorist around the World , be in the procesa of mount ... action direct against the people of the United States . in consultation with my advisor , I have elect to take the follow precautionary measure : ext poolside , moss' home , L.A. night . the fad king , a sloppily fat fellow in a dirty t-shirt , be walking the pool , holding forth to moss , and johnny GREEN , a nashville type , and liz butsky , a costume designer , who be sketching on a pad . fad king it 's a , it 's a ... ( liz start to talk ) it can not be a ribbon ... liz why can not it be a ribbon ? fad king it can not be a ribbon cause aids have a ribbon , cause the yellow ribbon thing have a ribbon , cause ... moss look , look , look , look , Canada , okay ...? we neighbor to the North , alla sudden , transformed , into that place , where , like the North wind , terror come ... fad king keep talk .... moss what guard we against Canada ...? AMES ( phone to he ear ) ... we have get a crash poll , say ... ( he listen ) sixty seven percent of the ( beam ) american people , on hearing the President 's speech ... johnnie GREEN walk away , humming to himself , " I guard the northern border ... " fad king and liz wave AMES off , meaning , " we have adult work to do here . " liz uh...uh ... mounties . the mounties Guard the border. uh ... that mountie hat . fad king they look stupid . liz we have davy crockett hat ... they make a fortune . fad king we have davy crockett hat , but you could crush them ... you could crush them , see , when you feel stupid . crush them , put they in you pocket . you can not put a mountie hat in you ... moss walk through the shot , with brean . moss ( expansively ) y'see , this be what produce be : you put I in a room ... AMES ( listening to the phone ) ... and he 's get a negative rating of ... ( he smile ) moss ( to fad king , prompting ) King , we have get to be on the street in ... fad king ... what be I do ? do you see I work ...? ( to liz ) here 's what you want to do , you want to come out of the box , a item , someone ' ready have , but then you sell it to them . torn jeans , uh ... fade Levi jacket , uh ... uh ... moss where be we on the image ? Grace ? Grace ... angle over a sleeping brean , stretched out on a poolchair , grace , the secretary , come out on to the pool area , holding the shot of a SMALL , foreign looking child , in front of a pile of rubble . she show it to moss . moss ... we own it ? grace Public domain . moss and what ? what ? she be drive from her Home , by albanian terrorist . it be she we be mobilize to defend ... it be " she " ? grace We-are-mobilizing -to-defend-her . moss can we give 'er a kitten ? grace no problem . here 's the ... she goe back into the house . fad king I gotta get something , I gotta get ... shoe ? tye ? hat ...? ( take a sheaf of headshot from grace ) good. good . ( he pass they around , we see they be all girl around fourteen with long blonde hair . ) brean ... what be this ? moss headshot . Girls to play the girl in we footage . ( of a photo ) I like the sorrowful one . anybody else ....? ( he pass the photo around . ) fad king ... what be this ? brean young-albanian-girl-driven-from-her-home . fad king I go with this here ... ( he walk off shaking he head . ) moss too Texan . go with the stick . thanks . ( to the fad king . ) what ...? ... do it have to be albania ... we be lock into albania ... why ? johnny GREEN it 's tough to rhyme . moss I believe in you .... johnny GREEN albania , albania , albania , James bond villain . moss John belushi ... Jim belushi ... johnny GREEN Jim belushi ...? moss surest thing you know . fad king shoe , hat .... liz the special hat of the special anti-terrorist detachment of the border patrol . moss ( mulling it over ) the special anti-terrorist detachment of the border patrol ... what do they do ...? liz ( shrug ) ... they ... you know ... johnny GREEN they guard we , you know ... " border , " night and day ... moss yeah , good good good good good . and they're so secret ... liz oh huh ... moss ... they have the capacity to meld into the Woods , and ... all nod moss ( cont . ) and one of they be in love with the sister of ... liz I be just talk about the hat . moss the hat . liz a beret . moss why a beret ? liz Cause you can crush it and put it in you pocket . moss " ... the special detachment ... " good ! what be it ? brean wake for a moment , at the shout , look at he watch . brean Three -o-three ... moss the man and woman of detachment Three -o - Three , with they ... fad king Black ... liz leopard skin ... moss with they beret ... liz ... they leopard skin beret .... fad king well , that be not very butch , be it ? liz it 's a beret ... camera take moss to the tv where brean be watching a " change horse in midstream " ad , showing two retired lady , sitting out on a porch in the south , on a rocker . liz ( cont . ) ... you say you want something they could stuff in they pocket ... fad king ... I mean the leopard skin ... liz british regiment drape they drum in leopard skin . fad king thank God this be America . moss ( distracted ) how about half - black , half leopard skin ... tv old lady ... why change horse in mid stresm , that 's what I ... moss ( shaking head sadly ) why be they stick with this age old horseshit ? brean ( shrug ) " if one twinkie be funny , two twinkies be funnier ... " AMES walk in with he arm full of fax . he read from they . as he peruse they we see the fad king , he goe , dreamily , to a phone , and dial . fad king ( into phone ) Bunny : I have a idea : a slinky , that fall up ... ( pause ) naa , we can figure that out . what I be wonder : what do we call it ... ( pause ) you get my number ... ( he hang up . ) moss ( to AMES ) why be they ... AMES ( of fax ) NY Times , Washington Post , War , War , war. Times get the girlscout page twelve , Post in section two .... horse in mid-stream ...? moss I do not think you be gonna need it . AMES well , we pay for it , we get the guy on a retainer . moss they get the guy on a retainer , it 's cheaper , pay'em , but do not lettem touch it ... let them leave we alone . AMES what can it hurt . moss what can it hurt be they offend I . in the b.g. we see brean , walking around with a cellphone . liz I need a ruling on the hat . I say a leopard-skin , and ... moss hey , you be get the big buck .... ( to brean ) I think we be up - and-run ... johnny GREEN come over , " just listen to this . " johnny GREEN ( sing ) Canada you peaceful slumber Guard we border to the North ... the rightful order of we border ... he shake he read , and retire . grace come out with a tray of coffee , from which they take a cup . fad king kid come to School . teacher : you be late for geography class . kid : I din ' get my breakfast . teacher : siddown , where 's the canadian border . kid : in bed wit my Mom . that 's why I miss my breakfast ... grace reach in her back pocket , hand moss several sheet grace we get the albanian girl , with a cat , with a kitten , with a dog ... moss I do not ask for a dog . grace ( shrug ) ... the pet wrangler suggest it ..he 's also get a ... AMES I think I should check with the President -- to see what kind of animal he ... grace the Pet wrangler have also get a ... moss do it later ... ( of the photo ) okay , now , " the Little girl , " who be she , what be she do ? she be .... she 's ... okay , okay , it 's a albanian village ... she be the victim of , she have be relocate , to , to , for the terrorist , the government lab ... the , the ... a staging area for they Atomic workshop . ( pause ) they be torture she family , because they have connection in Canada , which would permit the terrorist access to the american border . grace better . moss you like it ? grace yes . moss fine. good . grace exit . brean ( hang up the cell phone ) would somebody wake I in five minute ? fad king do it have to be albania ? because , lookit : ( he hold up a sketch of a boot ) I can get my hand on a lot of walk - around - cash , I think , if it 's Italy ... look at the tie - in here : the Boot , " givvem the Boot , " ... if we be to go Wide with a shoe as the fad . a " shoe - fad " ... here 's what it offer we ... brean we be lock into albania . fad king well , let 's not be too sure , why be that ? brean ( check he watch . ) the President be go to declare War against albania in a half a hour . brean rouse himself , walk to the pool , and begins to wash he face in it . ext studio parking lot L.A. dawn . mercede convertible pull up , moss drive . he and brean get out . int studio , dawn . a television , showing the president , speak . president that a state of war have exist , between the United States , and ... brean and moss breeze past the set , into a movie making scene . twenty people clustered around a young girl in traditional albanian dress whose headshot we saw earlier , be fussed - up and tweaked by hair and make - up . moss good morning , my name 's stanley moss , I will be you director this morning , what I would like you to do , miss , what be you name ... albanian type trudy larouche . moss ... " trudy , " be , to start at that wall ... ( he gesture at the sweep ) and , on my signal , " action " to run toward I , scream ... they take care of you ...? good . you wanna cuppa tea ? okay . can we just try one , just for the ... trudy I understand this be go to be National ? be that the case ? because my agent do not get a chance to ... they be walked over to a area in which we find the pet wrangler , surrounded by several animal case with dog in they . moss , as he speak , be surveying the dog . moss well , it 's a little bit of a ... a.d. ... we be go for a direct buy-out . moss ... you have you agent check with the ... trudy no , I know it 's go to be fine . I be so excited , and I be look forward to put it on my resume . when you call last ... brean take trudy aside . brean eh , trudy , could I talk to you for a moment ...? you know , this project be a ... " funny " kind of ... he walk her aside . moss select a dog , and AMES come over to he , holding a cellphone . AMES ( describe the scene , into the phone ) a schnauzer . what appear to be a ... pet wrangler lhasa apso . AMES ( into phone ) lhasa apso , and a ... he look at the third dog . pet wrangler what you have here be a cross -breed , between a dog which be substantially a ... AMES gesture he for silence , as he listen to the phone . AMES ( into the phone ) abso ... absolutely , sir ... absolutely . ( to moss ) he want a kitten . ( pause ) moss ( taking charge ) okay . here 's what we be gonna do . he gesture to he assistant , who come over for a conference . moss ( cont . ) I need a little bit of help ...? angle on brean walking trudy . he gesture to AMES . AMES miss , we be go to ask you to sign this little sheet of paper ... trudy well , my agent would be ril ril miff with I , if I sign anything , uh , to ... AMES this do not have to do with you deal . this be for you Security clearance . ( pause ) he take out a sheet of paper from he pocket . there walk have bring they and the camera back to moss and the assistant , and the director . director ( to moss ) ... fix it in the mix . assistant we be go to do it digitally ... moss ... can we shoot one ? director alright , now we be gonna ... the pet wrangler hand a dog to trudy . the assistant wave he off , and look around , and hand her a bag of potato chip . assistant ... run with this ... trudy ... this 'r potato chip ... director just , uh , just hold the bag when you run . moss ( to brean ) we need it for the Arm position , on the screen it will be a kitten . trudy someone 's bring in a kitten ...? moss no , no , no .... we will punch in a kitten . um ... later . trudy ... you be gonna punch in a kitten later . moss yes. ( pause ) trudy why ...? a.d. okay , settle , people . settle ... we be gonna try one ... moss it give we a wider option . trudy a wider option of what ? moss ( distracted ) ...of kitten ... two hair and make - up women jump in , and start tweaking trudy , as moss' attention be divert elsewhere . trudy address herself to brean . trudy ... but , you know , all kid aside . when this go National .... I get to put it on my resume . brean ( who be dialing a phone ) actually , no . trudy because , like , what be it , a Guild thing ? I mean , what , what , what could they do to I ... brean ... someone would come to you house and kill you . ( to phone ) hello ... we be about to start shoot ... a.d. ( to hair and make - up ) hey , hey , hey , she 's ... will you ? she 's just be rape by terrorist , jump out , will you ... the a.d. shoos hair and make - up away . camera goe with brean , past AMES , who be addressing himself to the a.d . AMES and ... she 's not a illegal immigrant ? be she ? can I see she " chart ? " because ... moss gonna be fine . gonna be fine , people ? be we get there ...? brean wander back to the control booth where we see the scene on several monitor and the young girl , stand against the bare sweep on the back wall . we hear " action " and the young girl run forward . we hear the technician muttering , and they punch up a playback , and we see the same run - forward , replayed against a " albanian village " scene . technician ... gimme some flame ... as he speak , flame be add to the scene ... technician ... some sound of scream ...? ( scream be add ) ... whoo - aahh siren ? Anne Frank ?... the siren be add . moss come into the control booth , and talk to the actor . angle on AMES and brean , in the control room . AMES ... can we see the kitten ...? the phone ring , AMES pick up he cellphone . AMES ( cont . ) hello ... yes . we will be back ...? brean we will be back tonight . AMES ( to phone ) tonight . ( he hang up ) well , you have start a Tempest in a teapot . brean waal , that 's where you want they ... AMES ... I just hope ... moss ( to trudy ) do it again , love , will you ...? we will tell you before we be go to shoot ... we see on the monitor the young girl running with the bag of potato chip , various burning building in the b.g . moss ... could she be run across a bridge ? she 's run across a Burning Bridge . one of the technician ' face light up . technician ( to himself ) .... beautiful . we playback the last runthrough , and the girl be now running across a bridge . moss ( leans in to talk with the tech people ) of course , we be gonna need some water , uh ... technician be it a stream , or be it a ... moss no , I think .. technician a " pond , " or moss no , I think it 's ... can we see the calico kitten ...? as he speak the bag of chip be transformed into a calico kitten . AMES ( on he phone ) a small , " calico " kitten , sir . ( pause ) " calico . " ( pause ) AMES ( to moss ) ... can we have a white one ...? moss ( to director ) can we have a white one , please ... as they speak the brown kitten be transformed into a white one . moss ( cont ) you know , if we be gonna run with the kitten , maybe it turn out , the kitten have a name , and ... director we ready out there ...? brean look down at he watch , and tap AMES on the shoulder , as he ease he way past the control console . AMES ( engrossed ) ... one moment ... int l.a.x. day . a poster fill the screen . it be a normal rockwell sort of thing showing happy and proud AMERICANS outside of a voting booth . and it read : " don't forget to vote . november 2nd . it's you duty -- it's you right . " president's voice ( vo ) ...a state of war. ( pause ) that a State of War ... pan off the poster to show the gate area , many people waiting , watching a television set , on which we see the president . president ( cont . ) ...exist ... a television set , the president on the television . president ... between the United States and Republic of albania , and that the Congress authorize any and all measure consonant with a swift and painless , and victorious conclusion of that War . angle business people queuing up , at the tv , beyond they , the departure gate , showing a sign , american airline flight _____ to WASHINGTON D.C. in the foreground , brean , on a cellphone , pay no attention to the screen , as he stand in line . brean ( on the phone ) go with a two - tone hat , I do not care , you work it out . you , well , I be sure you have have similar problem in the past . good. good . keep I ppp ... Fine , I will call you from the plane . the ticket taker , taking he ticket , be shaking he head at the television , on which we see a announcer / commentator , do , " you have just heard , " ET . cetera . ticket taker Hell of a thing . Hell of a thing . brean innit ? ticket taker albanian terrorist on the canadian border . brean ( about to get onto the plane ) ... make you think . in the b.g , we see the television have gone to a commercial , two businessmen type , each parking he station wagon in he driveway . type one Ed , what do you think ? type two Bob , my mind be not one hundred percent make up , but now it be : I say : do not go change horse in midstream ... brean , hearing this , walk back to the now deserted television . angle from the jetway the door about to close , brean in the b.g. watching the infomercial . the ticket taker call to he , " ... sir ...? " brean turn and rush to the close door . on the tv , in the bg , we see the logo : " re-elect the president . this message pay for by ... " ET cetera . brean ( into the phone ) it 's workmanlike , what can I tell you .... no , it be not go to help , but it will not hurt , cool down , see you in Nashville . he fold up he phone and walk onto the plane , in the b.g. we see senator nole , speak on the television , the remaining viewer be drifting away . senator nole the issue of War , be , finally , a issue of Moral fibre , Moral fibre . in my platoon , in World War two brean ( on the phone ) you have the number in d.c.? good . what time tonight ... what ...? ( brean turn to the television ) brean come over to AMES who be on the phone , and talking with liz butsky , who be showing he some sketch . liz ... want to go with Roman numeral ... but there be not a Roman numeral for Zero , so , you can not really do three oh three , in Roman ... brean ( turning to AMES , of nole ) why be this putz on the air ... AMES ... they be check the rating ...uh ... liz ... and I want to ask you if you think it make sense that the uniform of the freedom fighter be starch . ( pause ) I know that , traditionally , ( she flip a card and we see the starched uniformed freedom fighter drawn by her ) ... they be tear , and so forth : day - in- the-mountain , so on , but I think ... brean ( into the phone ) why be I see this guy on the News ...? ( pause ) what be I miss ...? what be we forget ? AMES well , at least we be not see the girlscout ... he turn around angle , he Pov . a young dishevelled college student type . he wear a button on he jacket . angle INS the button read , " fuck albania " angle AMES and brean . AMES ( of the button ) ... be that " we " ...? brean and liz butsky shake there head . AMES jump up in the AIR and yell " yay . " senator nole especially in a time of war . now : we say that Moral fibre , not gun , not supplies , not strategy , Moral ... commentator ( interrupting ) ... Senator ...? senator nole and this man , we President , in what I hope will be he last day in that office , have prove himself empty and devoid of ... a SMALL child come over to the television and change the channel . int dulle airport arrival area , dusk . brean and AMES coming off of the plane , brean stop at the free periodicals display . sample headline read : defense of the realm : terrorism along the border : the president : all spunk : call to the color : defend the NORTH , etc . he pick up several , and camera follows he down a hall , past a huge poster showing oppressed communist horde , and the motto " they didn't have the choice , you do . vote ! it's you right ! " angle tight on brean and AMES , and a fellow passenger , as all scan there newspaper . the passenger be waiting in line to use a pay phone . brean ( as he nudge AMES ) can not find anything in here about the President and that girlscout . passenger ... what be you talk about ... what do that mean now , be you nut ...? the passenger move up in turn to take the phone , he dial . passenger ( into phone ) hello , honey .... no. I be safe . in about a hour . have you get grandma and the kid in ...? well , where be I talk to you ? well , who have the shotgun ? go down in the basement . well , get the long cord , and ... be not there a jack down there ... well , move , the can goods , and ... the line brean and AMES be in move forward , past the man on the telephone . tight on AMES and brean , as they move forward , they speak under there breath . AMES ( shaking he head ) ... hell of a price for the country to pay . brean ... take a long view . AMES ... what 's the Long View ? brean you guy get four more year in Washington ... ... it 's only nine more day . AMES yes . that 's true . but ... brean ( smile ) wilfre . we have get work to do ... the line they be in stop . brean look up . angle , he p.o.v . a line of servicemen , armed with submachine gun , stand barring the arriving passengers a exit . the passengers be herded into line , to go through makeshift barricade , and metal detector . angle brean , and another passenger . brean ... what the hell 's this all about , d' you think ? passenger ... small price to pay , pal ... he ape the president , who' say that earlier . brean look up , as AMES , accompanied by a army major , pass through line and approach brean , beckone . int suburban mall night . brean , and AMES , and two secret service type , walking through the mall . brean glance at a foodstore , where we see a long line of people waiting to be admitted , and a vast line inside , at the check out counter , there cart pile high , the shelve behind they denuded . they pass by a shoestore , close , a plywood screen in front , cover by a sign : soon to reopen under new management . brean follows AMES , into the store . int shoestore night . many young staffer . a vast sign read : day til election 8 . % in favor ? the staffer stand immobile , as brean , AMES , and the secret service type enter . on a television , unwatched behind they . a forest scene , a squad of servicemen in woodland camo , looking down at a river , there leader speak softly into a microphone . leader ... scared . sure we be scared . but th'fella say the trick be not mind that it hurt . not Ill tell you one thing : they might get into the u.s.a. , but they will have to get in over Mrs. Kelly 's son ... ( he tap himself on the ceest ) the screen goe to a scene of supermarket looting in a inner CITY . a stand - up commentator speak . commentator ... dead and fifteen wounded in this first hour of the War . they be not , they be not the enemy , they be people , like you and I , a different kind of victim of albanian aggression , but victim Nonetheless ... angle brean , give the tour by AMES . AMES telexes to the major ... he be shusshed by a young aide , stand , he ear to a phone . on the tv we see the deck of a aircraft carrier , and a reporter speak , as plane take off . reporter mission into albanian airspace . mission to kill or die. american Men , and , yes , and woman , in the prime of they life , but never closer to death , while ... angle , on brean , as he turn to look at another screen . on that tv screen we see a sob - sister type sob sister reporter type ... fight , yes , but fight for what ? the screen be filled with the photo of the young albanian woman , who be now holding two cat . sob sister reporter type for this . for this . for freedom , for safety -- yes , theirs and ours . brean hear a whoosh , and turn to look back at the screen of the jets taking off . tv screen , with jets . announcer ( vo ) the sound of freedom ? yes , perhaps the sound of death ... but .... brean looking at the screen , behind he he hear a vast cheer , he turn . the aide with the phone to he ear have picked up a piece of chalk , and be writing , on the % in favor slate the figure 71 % . the aide be cheering , and slapping each other on the back . int , improvised office , in the shoe stockroom . night . a stockroom line wtth shoeboxe , in it a desk , two chair , a television . AMES enter , open the desk and take out a bottle . he hand it to brean , who enter after he . on the wall be another set of sign , reading day till election 8 , and % in favor which AMES now fill in 71 . AMES pick up a sheaf of paper from the desk . AMES New York Times , wash Post , Detroit Register , San Diego bee , all in emission . no mention of the girlscout . none . brean eight day to go ( he gesture at the calender ) AMES I live for midnight , when I can tear another of that sucker off . watcha get for I ? brean Big Bird touch down when ? AMES we be bring and im in tomorrow , five am . brean anything at the Airport ? AMES Press think " no , " whaddaya think ...? brean ( nods ) I think , here 's what I think : s'it gonna rain ...? ( he check a notebook ) AMES ( yelling ) gimme the weather for tomorrow morning , five a.m. andrew ... brean ( checking he notebook ) a albanian , a young albanian girl . a aide appear with a tearsheet . AMES read it . AMES no rain . brean ( shrug , nonetheless ) a young albanian girl , dress in they ... he gesture , meaning , " whatever they wear , you figure it out ... " AMES nods to the aide , who begins scribbling in a pad . brean and carry . ( he gesture , meaning , look it up ) the National flower of albania , something ..... now be it some Festival ? some harvest Festival , something ... AMES ( to the aide ) get on this , right now ... brean ... get to be something . she give he the sacred ... ( he gesture , what -have - you ) and tell he : this be the traditional harvest offer , give to the man who tye the first sheaf , the last sheaf , whatever the fuck it be ... AMES ... this 's good ... brean stanley moss , ladeesngennlmen ... and she say ... AMES be she say this in albanian ...? brean ( of note ) yes : she be say this in albanian , but she 's do it not to be uh ... ( AMES gesture , meaning , " I get it " ) but because , she explain , that be the only way it can be understand by she age and sainted mother , who be stand there with she , dress in she traditional ... AMES gesture to the aide , meaning , " get to it , " the aide nods her understanding , and disappear . brean ( to disappearing aide ) C and I get something to eat ...? now the Old Broad start to speak : you be bring peace . not only to this land ... AMES we adopt land ... brean ... but to the Old World ; you be stilling the force of hatred and of War which have , since I be a child ... AMES ...uh huh ... brean now , the Old Lady start to weep , Big Bird shrug off he secret service , go to she , and cover she with he own coat . AMES ( calling out ) find out be there any chance we can get some rain tomorrow , will you ...? brean ( of pad ) so forth ... AMES stop to look at another commercial on tv . they turn to see two " young mother " type , shopping ... young mother one ...to vote for . young mother two well , I think it 's like when we think of change Tommy 's pediatrician . Bill say , " not while he 's sick -- cause you do not Change horse in the mid ... " brean turn off the volume , and continue . brean how be Big Bird hold up , by the way ? AMES catch up on he read . ask about you , send he thanks . brean knock on wood . AMES speak of thanks ... we puttem back in , what do you fellow moss want ? brean I dunno .... ambassador to togo , something ' , I dunno ... he ... AMES maybe he 's just a patriot . brean yeah ... what be I talk about ...? a aide appear with a sandwich , and brean start to eat . AMES how long you be up , you need a nap . brean ( shaking he head ) due in Nashville . AMES Nashville ...? brean we be gonna do the team song . AMES you be tired , ronnie . brean y'wanna follow the cattle drive ? sleep in the Winter . what do moss want ...? matchmaker come to the levinsky family . Mr. levinsky , Mrs. levinsky , would you entertain a offer of marriage for you son saul , from princess Margaret of great Britain . well , they think , she be not jewish , but she 's well to - do , a nice old family . alright , yes , they say . we would consider such a offer . wonderful , matchmaker say , my job be half done . ( he yawns ) now , look : I get the file , from the L.A. contingent , I get the day - by-day , of how ... he look at AMES , who be looking intently at the tv . announcer ( as AMES turn up the SOUND ) ... denial from the albanian government continue , but this tape , just in ... the screen switch to shot of trudy larouche , in albanian garb , running toward the camera , over a bridge across a SMALL stream , in the b.g. her burning house , siren , and the sound of shot , at which trudy collapse , convulsed with sob . announcer ... just have hear she family shot . for the crime of non-cooperation with albanian authority . apparently , they have a family connection in Canada , along the US border and refuse to exploit it to aid the terrorist to infiltrate this country . ( beat ) they pay with they life . AMES ... this be magnificent . brean ... stanley moss ... AMES 8 day and we bring it back home .... brean rise , stretch . somebody switch the channel , and we see a newsman do a standup in front of a streetvendor , who have a board full of button . the camera pan over the button , we see the " fuck albania , " and we see one reading " run from albania ? tell I another one ... " and t-shirt showing similar logos . angle on brean and AMES sitting around . AMES look at he inquisitively . brean none of this be ours . none of they be ours .... ( he smile at AMES ) .... that 's real politik , buddy . AMES waal , I gotta tell you . I have be inside the beltway fourteen year , and I feel like I just get my foot wet . they kick back , and watch the television , showing image of the tank along the canadian border . AMES and if you think about it : if you think about it , what be war ...? what be war ? I mean , aside from the kill , and , all ... that be not so pleasant , ... you in the service ...? ( pause ) brean , unseen by AMES , get up and goe to the door to listen . AMES ( cont . ) ... and I will tell you another thing . President say to I : when this thing ... " happen . " " it look like the Building 's fall . but , this be the time ... " and I wish what he say , we could have use it on tv , and , as a matter of fact , we can , if we ... ( he look around , sees brean stand by the door . ) look here , here 's a idea ... here 's a idea ... ( he walk over to the door . ) turn it on it 's head . if we be ahead in the poll , well , hell , this be the time to capitalize on it . what do you think ? get ahead of they , use the percentage point to push forward some of the long - term goal : housing , health - care ref ... brean gesture for silence . he and AMES listen intently , the hubbub in the adjoining room ( the shoestore ) have passed . it be silent . AMES and brean peek around the wall of shoeboxe . angle there Pov the aide , immobile . five very fit young men in suit stand near the entrance . one yalie - looking fellow in he thirtie walk through there midst , from the entrance . he stop for a moment at a television , which be glaring a commercial for laundry soap , and flick it off , one of he fit young men incline he head toward the rear of the store , and mr . young walk toward the rear . the yalie come into a fitting area . several of the SMALL benches used for try on shoe ... to AMES and brean . yalie who might be the boss hog in this operation ? ( pause ) brean feel free to talk to I . yalie nods yalie cheezit-the -cop . AMES ( to himself ) ohmigod ... int office suite , night . brean and AMES sitting on a couch . the yalie sitting behind a large desk , watching a SMALL television on which we see a reporter , stand next to several very grim looking men in park police smokey hat . in a forest , below they , a line of tank fading along a river . reporter ... await the arrival of the President back on american soil . to still the fear , to answer the question of this troubled land . here , along a border once consider more imaginary than real , I be Mike stear , at latitude 45 , along the canadian border . angle brean look down at he watch . brean ... I just miss my plane . AMES you miss you plane ? my life be over . ( pause ) my life be over . what have you do to I ? what have I do ? ( pause ) fourteen year of Public service ... brean well , keep you wit about you , and let 's see if we can not ... AMES ... fourteen year ... brean ...brazen-it-through ... AMES brazen it through ? brazen it through ? they be go to hang we out to dry like the laundry --- do you know what we have ddd ... the bodyguard in the b.g. raise he finger to he lip and shake he head . AMES do you know what we have do , for godsake ? do you know what you have .... a bodyguard in the b.g. speak up . bodyguard no talk , please . through it all AMES sit , with he head in he hand . a new reporter take over on tv , behind her a chart , a graph of a upwardly moving line . reporter with seven day to go before the election , the fortune of President ... the door open , the yalie come to attention , mr . young , a twenty - year older version of the yalie , enter , carrying a cup of coffee , no tie , hair dishevelled . mr. young ( to yalie ) ... take you long enough . yalie found them as quick as we could , sir . mr. young when I be do with them , we want to dump'em in the District , or stick them out in the country , have the f.b.i. trip over them ? the yalie consult he note . yalie legal department say you pick em . depend on how big of a splash you want to make , how long you want they to go away for . AMES ( sotto ) oh , migod . beat , mr . young shake he head sadly . mr. young guess who I be . AMES I would like to mention a few name , who ... mr. young ( looking at note he be handed by yalie ) I know who you be , Mr. Ames . AMES I be act as a private citizen . nothing that I have do should be construe as reflect on the order or intention of anyone with whom you may have reason to believe I be connect with . ( pause ) or in whose employ ... mr. young quite touch . AMES and I take this opportunity to suggest that , equally , I admit to nothing , and that I would like my lawyer present . mr . young nods . mr. young guess what ? we show , and n.s.a. confirm , there be no nuclear device on the canadian border . ( pause ) there be no nuclear device in albania . Z'at put we in something of a pickle ? ( pause ) albania have no nuclear capacity . we spy satellite show " no secret terrorist camp " in the albanian hinterland . the f.b.i. and the border patrol , and the r.c.m.p. report no repeat no untoward activity along we picturesque canadian border . the albanian government be scream its innocence , the world be listen . ( pause ) there be no War . brean ( gesture at the tv , where we see trudy larouche running across the burning bridge ) course there 's a war . I be watch it on Television . mr. young not who might you be , when all 's say and do ? brean my name be Ronald brean . mr. young who be you work for ? brean nobody whose name you want I to say , Mr. Young , I promise you . mr. young s'all very well , but when the fit hit the shan , somebody 's go to have to stay after School , and who do you ' spose that might be . brean s'only get to hold for another few day . mr. young well , I be not interested in how long its " get to hold for . " brean what be you interested in ? ( pause ) mr. young I be interested in the Security of my country , Mr. brean . AMES as be we all , and I would like to take this opportunity to suggest that the Security of the country would be ill - serve by any , any ... any ... pause . they look at he . AMES ( cont . ) any untoward " revelation " regard , uh ... mr. young and I think that the Security of the country would be best -serve by its citizen obey its law . ( over he shoulder , to a aide ) gemme a Federal judge , gemme search - warrant , all premise control by we friend , and bench - warrant for the two of ... brean ( simultaneously , with the above speech ) well , I be sure that speak very well of you and for you parent . but if force to choose between the security of the country and the security of you job , which would you pick . and , while you hesitate , permit I to suggest that they be one and the same . you country and you job . mr. young I be do my job , Mr. brean . that 's what you see I do here . what be it you think you be do ? AMES and I would like to point out that I have be on prescription medication , the side - effect of which ... brean I be do my job , too . ( of the aide ) would you give I a ... do you think you could call off you dog for a minute . pause . mr. young look at the aide , who be exiting , and nods . the aide stays behind . brean ( cont . ) thank you . mr. young what 's on you mind ? brean I have a question for you . mr. young ask it . brean why do people go to war ? mr. young why do people go to war ? mr. young I will play you silly game . brean why do they go to War ? mr. young to preserve they Way of life . brean would you go to War to do that ? ( pause ) mr. young I have . brean well , I have , too . would you do it again ...? I not that why you be here ? I guess so . n'if you go to war again , who be it go to be against ? you " ability to fight a two-ocean War " against who ? Sweden and togo ? who you sit here to go to War against ? that time have pass . it 's pass . it 's over . the War of the future be nuclear terrorism . it be and it will be against a small Group of dissident who , unbeknownst , perhaps , to they own government , have blah blah blah . and to go to that war , you have get to be prepare . you have to be alert , and the public have to be alert . Cause that be the war of the future , and if you be not gear up , to fight that war , eventually the axe will fall . n'you be gonna be out in the street . ( pause ) and you can call this a " drill , " or you can call it " job security , " or you can call it anything you like . but I get one for you : you say , " go to War to protect you Way of life , " well , Chuck , this ( he gesture around the room ) be you way of life . innit ? and if there be not no war , you can punch out , go home , and take up oil Painting . and there be not no war but ours . ( pause ) hold on the group . brean ( cont . ) it 's just for eight more day ..... int corridor c.i.a. complex AMES , and brean accompanied by several bodyguard type and the yalie . brean ( to the yalie ) one more thing , what be that river she 's run across ? yalie what ? brean ... the young girl in the video , the albanian girl .... young nods , and make a note in a book . brean turn to AMES . brean ... she 's run , it 's some sacred ... some ancestral land , cloven by the Brook name .... give it to moss , young no , we be on top of it . brean thank you . young no , thank you ... brean ( he check he watch ) I should be in Nashville , tell he I be come in . brean ( to AMES ) ( gesture to the yalie , and bodyguard . ) Nice enogh people ... they just have not think it through ... AMES , as he walk , take out he cellphone , and dial . AMES ( into the phone ) no. I be busy . ( pause ) yes , I need the new poll fig .... how long ? I will call in from Nashville . and patch I through to the Big Bird , will ...? ( to brean ) I have get to hand it to you . they sure let we out of there easy .... brean ( to himself ) ... they just have not think it through ... the yalie shake brean hand , and gesture for a door to be opened . beyond the door we see a helipad , and the rotors of a helicopter just beginning to turn , brean wave , and trots out to the helicopter . int helicopter night . a aircrewman , listening to a SMALL radio . radio ( vo ) midst repeat denial from the albanian government . while , at the White House , a sense of stillness pervade , await the return of ... the aircrewman snap to attention as brean come into the aircraft , buckle himself into a webseat , and fall asleep . he rouse himself , take out he notebook , and start to write in it . ext parking lot , nashville dawn . a supermarket parking lot , a huge cowboy hat adorn a store call " kelley' western wear . " at the supermarket , shopper , pushing cart pile high -- the wife pushing , the husband guard the cart with a rifle . a fistfight break out . no one notice the helicopter . brean be getting into a jeep , its top off , driven by a fellow in western getup , on the side be painted a guitar . in the b.g. we see the helicopter lifting off . in the jeep be the fad king and moss . angle the jeep , as brean settle himself in he turn to look at the chaos in the parking lot . cowboy it be not hoard . it 's stockpile . brean uh huh . cowboy only common sense . moss ( of the book ) we get the guy , we get the guy , we get the guy ! fad king the Canada thing be a shuck . a shuck -- waste a day . what can you do with Canada ? bear , mapleleaf , " sugar -on -snow . " lay there on the plate like a lox . angle AMES on the phone in the jeep . AMES yes ... hello ...? ( pause ) what ...? what ...? we be break up , I will call you from the studio . int recording studio nashville , day . the cowboy , moss , fad king , AMES , and brean walking through the lobby and corridor of a nashville studio , many gold and platinum record on the wall . they pass a elderly african american man sweeping the hall , and nod at he . brean ( reach into he jacket pocket ) oh , oh , oh , oh , oh , get this type , get somebody to send it to the White House ... he hand it to moss . moss what be it ? brean President 's speech . moss at the Airport ? Cause we decide at the Airport he hug the fat , wet albanian Broad , we ... brean no , no , no , no , no after the airport . they turn around , looking for AMES , who be hanging back , looking at a tv . they retrace there step . camera take they to AMES , who be watching senator nole on tv . AMES ( softly ) oh , shit ... nole ... get word that the situation in albania be resolve . that it be resolve . my military source confirm that we troops , along the canadian border , and overseas be stand down , and I must take this opportunity to call upon we President to stand and face the charge , the heinous charge bring against he . you know , folk , there be nothing in life as precious as the innocence of a child . ( pause ) nothing . now , I do not say this charge be true , I do not see how they could be . accusation of , of sexual misconduct in anyone , must be investigate . in the case of a sitting President , of one whose term , and I do not hesitate to mention it , end , in , effectively , in a matter of day ... I call upon the President ... AMES what do he mean the situation have be resolved ? brean he just get hip to we . ( pause ) he just end the War . camera take they into the recording studio . AMES what be we gonna do about it ...? we see several people at a console , and , in the studio , a bright sassy looking group , singing . group we guard the Northern Borders . we live the Northern liiiiifffe ... we come to restore order ... for we Children and we wiiiiiiiffee ... brean ( to engineer ) tell them to knock it off . the engineer tell the group to stand down . pause AMES what be we go to do ? brean ( to moss ) the War be over . moss what ? brean the War be over . Senator nole just end the War . AMES oh , God ... brean yep . well , we start it , he ended it ... angle on the tv . television reporter ... and the c.i.a. confirm the cessation of hostility , with ... brean the c.i.a . AMES oh , Lord .... brean ... that limp-dick ... turncoat ... I think they let we out of there too easy ..... he reach over and flick off the tv . brean ( to moss . cont . ) War 's over , pal . ( pause ) in the b.g. AMES pick up the phone and dial . AMES ( on phone ) gloria -- sell the House . ( he hang up ) ( pause ) moss the War be not over . ( pause ) brean I see it on tv . moss the war be not over till I say it 's over . this be my picture . you think you be in a spot ? you think this be a tight spot ? try make the hunchback of Notre Dame when you three lead actor die , two week from the end of principal photography . this be ... this be ... this be just ... ( pause ) Act one : the war . Act two ... the ... uh ... fad king it 's like that japanese in the cave on Okinawa ... do not believe the War be over . moss you get a guy , do not believe the War be ... no no no . a american serviceman ... a brave american serviceman , be Left behind ... ( he look at the fad king , who be massaging he foot , having taken off he shoe ) he be Left behind . he be discard like a Old shoe ... ( to brean ) gemme the Pentagon . list of people in all military special program .... Left behind . like the Old shoe ... johnny : " good Old shoe " ... ( johnny nods ) brean pick up the phone and dial . brean hello ...? fad king pick up the phone . fad king yeah , I need a list , people in military special pro ... moss ... what do you get ? fad king ( into phone ) military special program ... program ... no , I be not shout at you , I be ... I be sorry . anyone name shoe schumann ? schuster ... uh johnny GREEN , angle on he , he eye light up . johnny GREEN I get it ! he take out he guitar , and start to strum . he pick up a pencil . in the b.g. we see the old african american man come into the studio , and start cleaning up . singer " I guard the Northern Borders ... " okay , y'want to roll on another one ...? johnny GREEN naaa . fuck that . fuck that ... engineer ... go get a Coke . y'want something to eat ...? singer we gonna be long , cause I tell my wife ... dissolve int studio . night . vast amount of take - out food wrapping . AMES , brean , johnny GREEN , moss , the engineer , sitting at the console . in the studio , a old , black singer , arranging music on the stand in front of he . he hold a very batter old guitar . johnny GREEN , still scribbling on music paper , goe into the studio , and hand a sheet to the singer , and leave . the singer be the old man we saw sweeping up . singer ( sing ) good Old shoe good Old shoe ... never leave you hangin , just a good Old shoe ... ( he stop , talk to the control room ) I be sorry , Barry , the action on this ... where the hell do you get this old thing ? engineer ( talking through the p.a. ) ... find it in a pawnshop . Three buck . the singer smile , shake he head , start to tune a string . moss do not tune it too good . engineer leave it flat , will you , Ben ? the singer nods . engineer do another ? singer let 's do it . engineer ( cuing the tape ) good Old shoe ... moss ( show the photo of schumann to brean ) William schuman . Old shoe. U.S. Army . serial number , 21-31-2841-262. engineer take ten . singer he 's the runt of the litter waal that 's true n'i find he jest hide in a Old work shoe n'he get into mischief , as a pup will do . but I never have a better than my good Old shoe . waal , we 's out jest a-huntin , on a cold fall Day , and it seem like that possum ' bout to get away ... moss it 's too clean . engineer hold it a minute , benny , willya ? moss it 's too clean . engineer let 's take the bridge from nine , and the intro from one , and ... moss it 's get to sound like a acetate recording , 1930 . engineer hold it a minute , benny , we be go to tweak it a bit . ( to the group ) this may take a while . brean ( to johnny , and moss ) this be fantastic . johnny GREEN y'like it ? wait will you get to the bridge ... brean this 's fantastic ... johnny GREEN ( to engineer ) do not go with the bridge from nine , go with the bridge from eight . engineer why eight ? johnny GREEN just try it . in the b.g. we see AMES talking into the cellphone . AMES a new take on the ... well , sir , we be come back , we would like you to try it out , this evening ... moss listen to what I have ... listen to ... do anybody know morse code ? brean what be you gonna do with morse code ? moss ( nods , point to the glossy photo ) ...we put you guy in a sweater ... brean yeah ...? moss " good Old shoe -- " we put he in a sweater . we hear a whistle . head turn . the cowboy type be whistling . he be over at a coffee area , looking at a SMALL television , the group move to the tv . on the television we see a talking head , announcing the arrival of the PRESS . in the b.g. airforce one be rolling to a stop . we see the ramp come down and the president come out in the rain and hurry toward a waiting helicopter . he sees something off to the side and stop , he aide try to dissuade he , but he pull away . the news camera hunt and find a SMALL albanian girl , carrying a sheaf of wheat in her hand , a old woman behind her , both stand in the rain . the president advance , and move to let he aide let the child come forward . we see the president , move at the sight of the little girl , offering he the sheaf of wheat , we hear a reporter , v.o . reporter ( vo ) ... try too ... it seem that she be speak in ... be be albanian ... be it albanian ? can we get someone on ... a woman' voice come on , a translator . translator ( vo ) ... salvation of we country . to ...to " intercede " where violent man would work to destroy ... to destroy harmony . now be the harvest season in my land , and I bring you ... ( she hand he the wheat ) I bring you this traditional albanian , forgive I not to speak English , but my grandmother ... the camera move onto the grandmother , stand , nodding , behind the little girl , and the president , realizing for the first time that the old woman be stand in the rain , move to her , remove he suitcoat , and place it over her head . she clasp he to her bosom . she speak to he in albanian . translator God bless you , God bless you , you be my Son ... you be a bringer of peace ... we hear a phone ring . angle wider , on the group at the tv , all shaking there head sadly . a aide hand the phone to moss , who give it to brean . brean hello ? ext andrews airforce base day . cain , from the PRESS corp , on a cell phone , behind her the spectacle of the president and the girl and the old woman , we see the rain be be supplied by rainbird machine , the day be clear . cain ... get the speech for the White House ...? ( pause ) good. good. because he 's .... angle , int the studio , on brean , on the phone . brean he can not respond to the allegation . ( pause ) I do not care how many girlscout be picketing the ... look , look , look , we be come home with gold . eh ? tell he to hold firm for two hour ... come home with gold . moss ( to fad king ) do we ever use that costume for the border patrol ? that guy in the leopard - skin hat ? here 's my idea .... int limo day . the backseat of a limo AMES and brean with a phone to he ear . the television on , showing the girl running across the flaming bridge , moss , fiddling with the volume on the tape player , which be playing " good old shoe . " brean ( into phone ) I will hold . we hear the scratchy rendition of " good old shoe " on the tape player . AMES ... this be a snappy song .... moss what would ya think ? brean I think it 's fine ? moss it 's not too clean ... brean no , it 's ... ( on phone ) I will , yes , I be hold , but ... ( to moss ) no , it 's ... he stop and gesture moss to turn off the volume on the tape . they both turn toward the tv , where we see a freeze frame of the girl on the bridge , and a insert of a map of albania . announcer have identify the bridge , and the river from that tape . it be a bridge over the river __________ , ... what be it , mayra , a " rhyme ...? " another woman be shown on the screen , as the angle widen . mayra actually , bess , it 's a ode , a ancient albanian ode , praise the river , this particular river , the ________ , as a source of peace . it be ironic that .... brean ( on phone ) hello -- brean ( on phone ) look : I be bring in a tape , I need it copy at once onto a old acetate , and stick in the Library of Congress . gotta Happen today . moss in the folk Music section . brean in the folk Music section . we will be in in ... on the tv screen , now , be senator nole . brean hang up the phone . mayra ironic bess , that while peace be at Hand , the spectre of disgrace , unrest haunt the President , who , scant day from the Election ... int . mall -- day brean moss and AMES . walking -- a aide give brean a photo . brean ... this the guy . moss oh , he 's gonna be ace . brean where be he now ? moss ( shrug ) some , military ... special Program , Oklahoma somewhere ... brean ... we get we hand on he ? moss they get he stand by . brean what 's the thing with morse code ... moss oh , you be gonna love this : int mall h.q. , shoestore day . we see the assembled throng listening to the end of the song , " good old shoe , " rapt . brean rise , and flip off the tape . brean who say , " I care not who write a country 's law , so long as I can write its song ... " ? stanley moss , folk ... the group start applauding . moss hey , hey , I be just the producer , I be just the stationmaster , johnny Green write that song , and ... AMES all we have to do now be sell it to the President . brean no , I be tell you , this guy , this guy be ace , this guy be the Kitty 's sleepwear , this guy , they should of give he every oscar . every oscar . this be the ... a aide enter , holding a BOX gingerly , she bring it to brean , who open it , hold it to the camera , it contain a ratty old 78 record " folklore of the rural south , volume three , ' good old shoe ' written and sung by nathaniel horn , 1934 , athens , ga . " brean ( holding it up ) well , this be genius . who do this ? moss my prop guy , have a guy out here . brean ( to the aide ) get it in the stack at the Library of Congress , now . ( to the assemble ) who 's see the guy at c.b.s .? a young woman raise her hand . brean tonight , you remember some song , from you folksong day , something about a good Old shoe ... aide ...tonight ... brean you be with he tonight , watch the President 's speech , when the President ... aide what if he 's busy tonight ? brean lure he . ( pause ) aide what be you say ... brean well , darlin ' I be not you confessor . tell he you have get some info on the President 's sex scandal , it 's on you conscience , believe I , he will drop what he 's do . okay ; now : folk , folk , folk , this be a shitty business , and it need no ghost come from the grave to tell we that . but in six day , Lord willing and Jesus tarries , I be go to take you beauty into the second term . ..... wait till you hear the speech tonight . the 3- 0 -3 speech ... where 's the fad King , by the way ... aide ( on the telephone , looking worried ) ...on the way in . brean when you ... ( to aide ) what ? I be busy . aide it 's the White House . he hand the phone to brean . brean hello . ( pause ) what ? moss what ? brean what do you mean he will not do it ? ( pause ) he will not do what ? ( to moss ) he will not do the sp ... ( to phone ) it 's what ? it 's corny ? corny ? be that the word ? of course it 's corny . we would not have he say the flippin ' thing it be not corny . put ... listen , it 's not a question , we be lock in to this speech . no we're , be you listen ? locked in . we be , we be play way past it , we be past it -- it 's the set - up for ... he have get to say the speech . ( pause ) tell Ames to meet I at the West Gate in ... ( he check he watch and hang up the phone ) angle at the tv , moss be watching the television which be showing the " change horse campaign . " we see two kide with soapbox racers . kid one ( of he machine ) ... change it , but I say to my dad , " you do not Change horse in the mid ... " moss ( of tv ) can you believe this shit ? brean grab moss , and they exit hurriedly . the tv goe to a card reading " committee to re-elect the president , " and then to a talk - show format , the woman speak to a highly decorate general . general yes . thank God , I say . thank God for the b-2 bomber . thank God for it , for it be not a engine of War , but a engine of deterrence , as we have see , and be it not for that deterrence , who be to say , but that american blood , would , even now ... ext whitehouse . pennsylvania ave . day . many placard , on the ground , showing map of albania , in a red circle with the red line through it , held aloft , placard reading , " don't change horse , " photoplacard showing the president with the girlscout and the motto : " thank heaven for little girl . " a reporter be interviewing a policeman . policeman ( talking into a microphone ) I be in the Vietnam Conflict , and I want to tell you that a man who could do what the President do -- I respect he . but , on this issue .... ext whitehouse westgate . day . a van marked " jiffy locksmith " be waved through the gate . angle at the drivethrough portico , AMES waiting , we see the van , on which someone have spraypainted " fuck albania . " int whitehouse . AMES , cain and levy stand there , waiting , as brean and moss , dressed in locksmith coverall , enter the whitehouse / camera travel with they as they stride down the hall . moss ( to a aide ) gemme all you secretary , puttem in a office now , would you ? would you do that ? ( pause ) gimme thirty secretary ... amse nods at levy , who take off on he master' business . moss I need the President . five minute of he time . eh? five ... " the speech be corny " ...?? ( to brean ) you know , this be what they use to say when I go out to Hollywood . " it 's too theatrical " ... I come from the theatre , and , anything , over they head , " it 's too theatric ... " AMES he think it 's too ... brean first of all , we be lock in to it , secondly : moss do not tell I that the speech be too corny . you guy get catch with he hand in the cookie jar . I come to save he . I do not need this gig , I do not need the money , I do not need the tsuris ... I do not need it . he need the gig . y'r gonna go to the goddamn Doctor a exam , what have I get ? he tell you you have get Cancer , you tell he , " that 's Old hat , gimme something else " ...? he be steer into a office , he open the door , and we see the last of twenty secretary , wandering , taking seat in a SMALL waiting room . he turn . and we see the back of the president , entering . AMES Mr. President , this be St ... moss hi , how be ya ? listen to this , willy a ... moss take a sheaf of paper from he pocket and goe through the door from the SMALL office into the waiting room . leaving the door half -open , the president wait behind , looking on through the half OPEN door . moss ( to the secretary ) ... lady , thank you for come . I have in my hand a < uphotograph >. it be a photograph of a man . his name be William A. schumann . he be the part of the team , of unit 303 , who drop behind albanian line . we have just receive this photograph , of schumann in captivity . held by a dissident , a renegade group of albanian terrorist . ( he hold the photograph up ) I be go to call you attention to something ... I do not know how many of you know morse code ... angle brean , and AMES , in the corridor . pacing . pause . AMES you need this schumann fellow ? brean ronnie say we do not need them for another four day . ( pause ) ...s' there a problem ? AMES no. no ... Pentagon say , Army 's got'em , they get be in ... " custody " ... ( pause ) brean how 's you wife ? AMES Fine . ( pause ) the door behind they open . beat . then a weeping secretary come out . brean , move into the room , followed by AMES , we see a room full of secretary , quietly weeping . brean look around for moss . he spot he through the OPEN door . angle . he Pov , in the oval office , moss , handing the speech back to the president . moss " the speech wo not work ... " moss start out of the office , back toward the camera , and then turn back to the president . moss ... and see if you can keep you dick in you pants two more week , willy a ...? ( he close the door ) ( to himself , derogatorily ) " ... speech will not work ... " as he start to leave the room , one of the weeping secretary take he hand and kiss it ... he pick up he locksmith kit , and start down the hall , motioning to he two secret service escort , " let' go ... " hold on the waiting room , one or two residual weeping secretary dabbing at there eye . and a sign on the board , reading 6 day to election , and %- in - favor -- 37 % . a aide goe over to the board , a phone to he ear , and wipe out 37 % and insert 27 % . int studio apartment night . a young fellow , in bluejean and t-shirt , eating popcorn out of a BOWL and watching television . on the television , the president , in the oval office . tv ( voice over ) lady and gentlemen , the President of the United States . we see the form of the president come to the podium , and cain move to the back of the readyroom , where she watch , through a two - way mirror , the back of the president , as the president prepare to give the speech . we see , beyond the president the podium , and the glass with the teleprompter text printed on it , as it scroll up , and we see cain follow along , on the text at her hand . president thank you , would you be seat , please . ( pause ) lady and gentlemen ... I thank . a merciful God . and I be sure each and every one of we will thank that Supreme power , whatever we conceive that power to be -- that peace be at hand . murmur among the presscorps . the president clear he throat , and take a sip of water . cain look up , and we see on a videomonitor , which show a rearview of the president , the same teleprompter image he sees , which read : ... that peace be at hand ... ( clear throat and take a drink ) angle the president , continuin to speak . president the threat of nuc1ear terrorism have be quelle . we be in contaot with the albanian Premier , who assure I , and this government credit he assurance , that he country do not wish we ill , and have not . that the threat which we perceive be not of he wish , or of he make . angle cain , mouthing along , with the speech , she look down , and we see written , on her copy . of he make ( bite lip ) angle as we look up , we see the president biting he lip , and continuing with the speech . president from whence do it come ? we information state it come from a small group of armed , dissident . of armed and violent dissident ... angle on cain , as she look around . angle , her Pov . the group , listening spellbound . angle cain , as she smile to herself . angle on the president . as he continue . president ( C ) but that group have be , in the main , subdued . now : how do we come by this information ? and . who subdued that group ? ( the president cough ) angle cain look down at her script . shrug , and look up . angle on the presscorp , the reporter , listening widemouthed , to the president's speech . president it fall to I to reveal to you a secret . ( pause ) to reveal the existence of a secret group of warrior . Men , yes , and woman , train and pledge they strength , they skill , and , if call upon , they life , in the service of they fellow Americans . a group so secret , its very existence have be know to just a few , and know not by a name , but by a designation number , Three - oh - Three ... int headquarters in the shoestore in the mall , night . liz , the costume designer , working on a drawing of a shoulder patch , on a beret . on one sketch we see it be on a black beret , on the one below it be on a leopardskin beret . one version have a cougar with a olilte branch , we pan onto version two which show a dove holding a sword . the numeral 303 figure prominently on each . the banner for the motto be blank . liz ... anybcdy know Latin . president ( vo ) ... member of the group , be leave behind what be , then , enemy line . ( pause ) angle on liz , as she walk through the h.q. , on a board we see " day till election 6 " and % in favor 82 % . a huge tv show the president . president and I can only say , to that family member , of group 303 , which member be , I know , as I speak , gather to comfort you , the parent of the miss man , I can only say , liz I need a Latin motto , anybody know n'y Latin ...? president .... and the albanian government join with I , that no , I repeat , no effort will be apare , to find ... angle int limo , brean and moss watching the tv president ( on tv ) ... this brave man and to bring he home . beat . brean reach over and turn down the SOUND . they look at each other and smile . moss trump that , Senator nole , you howdy doody vontz . brean not bad for government work . ( pause ) have a good time . moss have not have so much fun since live tv . brean sigh , take a photo of schumann from he pocket , camera sees it captioned with the name william schumann , etc . president ( hold up a photograph ) here 's a photograph . it be a photograph of a man . his name be William schumann . he be a master sergeant in the United States Army . a member of the squad 303.... drop behind albanian line . we have just receive this photograph , of schumann in captivity . held by a dissident group of albanian terrorist ... now , I do not know how many of you be familiar with the morse code ...but ... could you bring the camera closer in here , please ...? the camera push in , to a section of schumann sweater . president ( vo ) you will see he sweater be wear ... it have be unravel in place , and that place form dash and dot . angle the president , holding the photograph president dash and dot . and that dot spell out a message in the morse code . and that message be , " courage , Mom ... " ( pause . president pause , as if all choked up ) and he get the message through . " courage . Mom ... " ( pause . he compose himself ) well , to the family of William A. schumann , to the Men and woman of unit 303 , to my fellow citizen I say " courage . " I have inform the albanian government , and I inform you , that we will not rest until the safe return of sergeant schwn&amp ; no . ( pause ) I be tell he unit mate give he the nickname , " Old shoe . " lady and gentleman , we will not treat he like a Old shoe , we ... angle int , 5 hoestore hq . night . AMES , moss and brean , looking at the tv . moss trump that , Senator nole , you howdy -doody-looking vontz . angle young person's apartment , night . president ( vo . on television ) ... we will not be sway , will , will not be sway from every effort to find we Old shoe , we ... we hear a young woman' voice young woman ( vo ) hey ...? angle on the young man , as he turn . we see , behind he , a unmade bed , and a young woman , the aide from the shoestore h.q. , wrapped in a sheet . aide ... be not there a folksong call " Old shoe ? " be not there a old , uh ... " folksong " ... whitehouse situation room , we see the board , reading , day to election , ET cetera , and the aide , stand by the percentage in favor sign which now read 37 % , the aide cross out 37 and write in 41 , then listen , and wipe out the one and make it 47 . ext . poor neighborhood . night . a black limo glide slowly through the stieet . angle , int the limo . brean and moss in the backseat . moss it 's all , you know ... think ahead . think ahead . that 's what produce be . ( pause ) it 's like be a piumber . brean mmm ... moss you do you job right , nobody should notice . brean mmm . moss s'only when you fuck up , everything get full of shit . ( pause ) do you think we could line he up for the peace Prize ? brean hey , we job end at the finish line . moss yes , but I , well , you know ... brean just for the symmetry of the thing ...? moss ... that 's right . brean if they can give kissenger the peace Prize , I would not be surprised to wake up and find I would win the preakness . moss well , yes , but the guy do bring peace . brean yes , but there be not a War . moss all the great accomplishment . they look at the television , playing silently . angle INS . the tv showing the shoulder patch of group 303 , the numeral and a dove holding a sword , and a wolf holding a olive branch . and the word " volo . " brean increase the volume a bit . announcer " volo , " meaning , " I will . " as the President bend all he will , to find , and to restore to he country , to he family , and to what be he mount legion of friend , William schumann , the commando Ranger of detacment 3.0.3 . -- sgt. William schumann ... the Old shoe . brean ( sigh ) Hell of a thing ... ( he look out of window . to the driver ) stop there .. the limo stop . brean and moss exit the limo , taking a large cardboard BOX with they . angle , ext , the limo brean and moss , bent over a BOX of what be revealed to be old shoe . brean ya get to hand it to the fad King . moss no , he 's my hero . they pick up several old shoe , tie they together , and begin heaving they up onto a lamppost on the desolate STREET . a SMALL african - american boy com up , and look through the BOX . kid ... this shoe be ratty ... brean yeah , well , that 's why we be fling they away ... the kid shrug , take several shoe out of the BOX . brean and moss get into the limo , which begins to drive away . the kid begins tying shoe together and walk down the STREET and heave another pair up to another lamppost . angle rich neighborhood . suburb night . wealthy looking white guy out waking he dog . limo come up behind he . brean get out of he car and take a cardboard BOX out , after he . he rummage through the BOX . find a pair of ratty " sperry topsider , " and fling they up into the tree . int rich white fellow's house . night . the man enter the back - door , with the dog . int live -room . he wife , knitting , listening to the radio . man ... there be a fellow in a limousine , outside , throw ... she shush he . we hear , on the radio : radio ( singing , as per the recording we heard previously ) ... " Dog be loyal , and the Dog be true ... and there 's never be a better than my good Old shoe ... good Old shoe ... good Old shoe ... never have to call 'im when there 's work to do ... if I get to Heaven when the Day be through . I will know I will see he waitin ' , jest a good Old shoe ... " angle , on the man , as he nods along in time , to the wisdom of the song . f.m. announcer ( vo ) ... be just discover . a l93o 's recording , part of the folksong collection of the Library of Congress , and a fitting ... the man , move , goe into the kitchen , where he pour himself a drink , switching on the tv , where we see jim belushi , do " pane : " on some talk show . jim belushi ... and there 's just one thing I would like to say , and I be speak to that in albania who have the man in custody , and from the bottom of my heart : he turn toward the camera , and begins speak in albanian . dissolve int factory lunchroom . day . a bunch of worker eating , sound of heavy machinery in the b.g. , as other worker enter . several people watching a soap opera . angle one worker , with a t-shirt reading , " courage , mom , " and a photo of schumann , check her watch , and switch the channel to a newscast . newscaster ( on tv ) ... the City Council , deny the charge of ... and this just in ... the search for William schumann continue . NATO , US , and albanian force continue to scour the countryside , as ... angle another SMALL group of worker , several wearing , " fuck albania " t-5hirt . one int shoestore h.q. the blank " % in favor " chart . be filled in by the hand of a aide . it read " 87 . " camera pull back to show " 3 " day til election . brean and moss and the fad king , leaving the office , a aide come after they . aide ... White House want to know about the congressional Medal of honor . brean what about it ? aide for schumann . brean well , well , well , well , wait a minute , we get 86 percent . we bring them back tomorrow , the chart go up , they do not go down ... they waly through the mall , past a newsstand showing time and newsweek both of which brean pick up , one show the photo of schumann and the legend , " courage , mom , " the other a photo of schumann , and the legend , " give he back . " the vendor be wearing a " 303 " t-shirt . brean I do not wanna tell they they business , but why not wait to give it to he after the election . when he 's gonna need some help .... the aide nods and retire . brean gesture at the kid with the 303 t-shirt . brean King ... fad king all part of the service we render . moss ( of brean , to fad king ) he be not see nothin ' yet . fad king when do you bring them back ? schumann . brean ( look around ) schumann . we be gonna go pick he up tonight . fad king where be he ? brean out in Oklahoma . moss go to make a little stop back home , pick up my shirt , show he a little treat . fad king see y'at the finish line . as they walk away , moss call back . moss tell them to fly the inaugural speech past I . brean inaugural speech , press corp 's gonna be jealous of give up that one ... moss hey , lemme close out the thing in style . moss I have come to feel it 's my thing . ( pause ) you know , you take a job ... you take a job , and , many time , it 's just a job . and then ... brean Hell of a ride , stanley ... moss ... be not it ? ( pause ) hey , what - the-hey ... it 's all part of the bittersweet ... he gesture with he hand , looking for the word . int L.A. laker , stadium , night . brean and moss . looking on , a silent auditorium , moss talking on the phone . brean shush he . moss look up . angle he p.o.v . the laker , and the opposing team , silently , in two rank , looking on as a choir of youngster of all race file onto the court , and , direct by there choirhaster , begins to sing , in many part harmony , " good old shoe . " as they conclude , the baskethall player take off there shoe , and fling they into the stand , which cheer . angle brean , moss , and AMES , in a skyhox , watching the spectacle . brean shake he head in satisfaction . moss no business like it . they walk out of the BOX . int limo , leaving the stadium . pouring rain . the guard motion for the limo to stop , check there i.d. , and say , " courage , mom ... " the guard wear a lapel pin of a old shoe . angle moss and brean looking out of the window . angle , there Pov . every tree and lamppost have a pair of old shoe hanging in it . angle int the limo . brean , moss , and AMES , brean nodding , deep in thought . the radio in the limo be playing a audio version of the " don't switch horse , " commercial . cowhoy ( vo ) rode the fifteen mile from the bottomland , n'i be a- gonna switch he for a fresher one to do the ropin ' ... cowboy # 2 ( vo ) waal , but , you know , my paw always say , ya do not switch horse ... announcer do not switch horse . vote . and vote for the man who bring peace to ... moss reach over and turn off the radio , sigh . moss Fucking amateur . pity of it be , two more day , we bring it all back home ... brkan ... knock wood ... moss and who 's gonna know ? ( pause ) who 's gonna know what we do . ( pause ) who 's gonna know ...? brean ( shrug ) pride of a job-well - do ... AMES it 's the pride of a job well done , stanley , yes , but it 's more than that . moss ( distracted ) ...mmm ? AMES it 's the gratitude of you party , and of you President ... moss izzat the thing ... AMES indeed it be . moss look out of the window . angle , out of he window . a L.A. viaduct , in the pouring rain , spray painted , with a huge mural of schumann , and the word , " courage , mom ... " brean ( on he phone ) Dean City , Oklahoma ... ( shrug ) Army special program -- tell them to bring schumann to the plane , n we will bring he back , stash he the Hospital ... call the plane .... tell I where to pick be up . moss look out of the window , at the mural . look over in admiration at brean . moss I will bet you be good at chess . brean I would be , I could remember how all the piece move ... int corporate jet night . the airborne jet , night , brean and moss relaxing . a CO - pilot come back into the cabin , and camera hinges he to a bar -- he take out a bottle and top up drink for the two men -- he progresses down the aisle , where we see AMES on the phone . AMES ( on phone ) ... aspect of the inaugural which .... no . no , the think be , to wait on the congressional ... hello ? ( to the CO - pilot ) we get some .... hello ? some interference ...? CO - pilot Little rough weather . AMES ( as the phone come back on ) to wait on the congressional Medal for schumann . moss and brean think , and I agree , why spend it till you need it . ( pause ) no. go ahead and pre ... go ahead and prepare it . sure . ( pause ) well , you ... hello ? you can find the info on he in the Army special ... hello ? the Army special program . camera travel up the cabin again , with the CO - pilot . CO - pilot we be see some difficult weather out of Oklahoma -- but the captain think that we will be fine . brean ( talking on the telephone ) against ... who could be aggressor .... help I out here ... unit of 303 , the Defense Department confirm , early this morning , albanian time , storm a mountain hideaway , near the city of -- help I out here -- and freed a tired , but happy William schumann , suffer no casualty . his condition be report as guard , and he route to the US have not be disclose , but a high White House source confirm he be expect in Washington tomorrow morning ... no , that 's for the wire service . moss 's work on Big Bird 's inaugural . ( pause ) nine a.m...? ( to moss ) nine ? miss the commuter , but ... moss ... we will gettim in they car . brean ( into phone ) yeah , we will gettem in they car . ( to self ) I be slow down ... ( to phone ) no , no . look , lookit : I think it 's a mistake , well , I will tell you why : you get them by the ball , squeeze . ( pause ) because schumann 's the shark . he 's ... jaw . you have to tease them ... you do not puttem in the first reel of the movie ... ( moss nods ) bring them back slow , the President ... no , no , put he on . put he on . ( pause . he cover phone ) President want to reveal scbumann before the election . moss Big mistake . brean ( into phone ) Hell , yes , we be , we be on we way to get he now . no. lookit : it 's like a girl with she virginity , y'understand ... moss nods along . brean ( cont ) guy say he will respect she tomorrow , he might , but why take a chance ? hold out till after you be marry . that 's ... that 's .... looky , we be offer them schumann , make they vote for hhhh .... psychologically , they will understand that that 's the bargain . make they pay for he . make ... that 's right , the price be they vote . now , we bring he home , the President announce he be fly home , he 's here , he 's there ... f' there the election , of da , here he be . ( pause ) have he say it like I write it , it will be fine . thanks . ( he hang up . ) Labor , five buck a hour . if you watch , ten buck a hour . if you help ... if you help , a hundred buck a hour . moss hey , lcokit : any business ... brean ai not that the truth . ( pause ) moss whattaya gonna do when this be all over ? brean what be I gonna do ? I be gonna " fade away . " ( smile ) what be you gonna do ? moss ( laugh ) well , I will be damned if I know ... you know ... do this thing ... ( pause ) you know what the worst word be , in the English Language ? it 's retirement . " what the hell be I think of ? Hell , I use to ... brean nudge he , to look at the tv . they settle back , look at the tv . angle , on a tv , a country music spectacular . willie nelson be call to the stage , sit on he stool , plays a few bar for nothing , and then a rendition of " courage , mom . " angle , in the audience , pan over the face , one teenage girl in a 858 sweatshirt , bear the logo , and the word , " volo , " be silently , tearfully , mouthing the word along with willie . willie nelson " what have you get at the end of the day ? how do you keep that fear at bay ? what do you say , when there 's nothin ' to say ? courage , Mom ... " ( ET cetera ) angle moss and brean . brean we pick up schumann . sneak he back inside the beltway . and we plan he homecome . Zt 's go be Neil armstrong , Dr. Livingston , and lindy ... they be gonna forget , they be gonna forget , they be gonna forget that there be a election ... the pre 's gonna have to say , one of he speech , " do not forget to vote ... " moss I get it in the inaugural . " thank you for voting for I , but , as importantly : thank you for voting ... ( he gesturk at a sheaf of paper ) brean ( grins ) get off on the inaugural ? ( moss nods ) gonna go ... moss might , if I be ask ... ( he smile ) angle the oklahoma airport . night . in the pouring rain , the plane , be waved to a parking space . in the b.g. a army truck , surrounded by chase car , pull up , we read , " UNITED states army . special p... " and the rest of the word obscure . angle int the plane . as the two unbuckle , and stretch . moss but , you know , this be the meeting , ron ? you think about it . this be the meeting . this , here . schumann and we . King Kong and the trainer ... this 's it ... what be you work on ? angle on brean , who be doodling . brean Medal . Medal and ribbon . moss of what ? brean the albanian campaign . moss ( to himself ) ... the albanian campaign . this ... this be history ... AMES come up from the back of the plane . AMES ... the albanian campaign ... moss ... like the sound of it , eh ... AMES we have get to put that , into the inaugural . " I have here , a ribbon . you have not see it before , and you will not see it too often now . for it be the proud possession of a few , a very few Men and woman ... it be the ribbon of the albanian campaign .... " the other two look at he admiringly . moss wilfre , that 's not bad . brean that 's not bad at all . AMES well , you know , " the Whole thing 's theatre ... " the other two men laugh with he . brean napoleon say , fellow will not sell you he life , but he will trade it to you for a little piece of ribbon . moss ... the albanian campaign . ( pause ) and we will not even be a footnote ... brean we be the albanian campaign , John -- we be there . he clear he throat . he look out through the window . we see a military convoy approaching . the door to the cockpit open , the pilot goe out . pilot gentlemen , little problematical weather . brean well , con we get he back home ? pilot could if we have to . Rather not . Rough weather . brean and moss get up , move toward the front of the plane , moss looking out of the window . moss well , they be protect he well enough . brean they should be . most valuable animal since Sea biscuit . be not he ... moss bigger than that . for want of a nail a Kingdom be lose ... brean you have get something , there ... AMES ( writing ) napoleon say -- a man will not sell you he life ... they look out the window , start straightening up there clothing , ET cetera , in preparation for meeting schumann . brean look hack over he shoulder at the television . angle he Pov . on the tv a picture head " andrews airforce base , " and sign of scaffolding be constructed , and bunting put up . cut to a talking head , in front of a photo of schumann . angle moss and brean . brean ...a masterpiece ... moss ( shrug ) ... give what they want ... but ... they move toward the front of the plane . they run into the pilot . pilot weather 's worsen , sir ... might be advisable , wait it out , on the ground , till .. brean ( nods ) we be due at andrew . ( look at he watch ) pilot well , I would not go up in it , lest I have to ... moss ( to AMES ) here he come ... they hear the plane door open . they all straighten up and smile , as schumann , a raincoat over he shoulder , be LED onto the plane , flanked by 4 m.p.' , and a officer , with a clipboard . moss sergeant schumann ? if I may ? welcome to History ... AMES sergeant schumann ? my name be Ames . welcome . officer s'mby name brean ? sign here ... brean ( to the pilot ) Captain ... you wanna take 'er up ...? pilot heavy weather East of here . brean whaddaya think ? pilot six to five and pick'em ... you wanna chance it ... they be quiet , as sound of the tv filter in . a excite newscaster . newscaster ( on tv ) Word that William schumann , the Old shoe , be expect back , today , and that a glimpse of he ... moss let 's fly , if it will fly ... people wait for we ... the phone ring . brean answer it . brean ( on phone . he have not yet registered schumann ) ... child at the airport ... ( to moss ) break through the rank , run to " old shoe " -- should we have flower or a bear ...? AMES uh ... do not we do this ? brean never quit a winner . moss I think they be not meeting he at the airport ... brean they insist they wanna go with meeting he at the airport . I tell them they be wrong , I can not convince them . they be concerned that the last kid have the wheat . variation include , the kid be a boy , the kid be twin , it 's a little dog ... they rub meat on schumann 's cuff , the dog run to he ... moss ( of schumann ) uh ... in the b.g. brean finishes signing the clipboard , the officer nods to the m.p. be , and they salute and depart , the officer hand a key to brean . AMES ( of key ) what 's this ...? the officer take the raincoat from schumann shoulder , revealing he be in a prison uniform , and heavily manacled . the man , be schumann , a unmistakable deranged , drooling , psycho - nutter . hold . officer ( take a key on a chain from around he neck -- hand it to brean ) Key to the manacle ... the officer salutes , start out of the plane . angle . AMES look back , at the manacled schumann , and brean glaring , OPEN mouthed at he . angle ext the plane , the officer retreating , in the rain , to the truck , AMES , running after he . AMES wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait wait ... ( he catch up with the officer ) what do he ... what ... what 's the trouble ? officer no trouble at all . AMES what do he do ...? the officer consult he clipboard . camera pan to show the van read " military special prison . " angle int , the plane , brean , looking at schumann . hold . moss enter the plane . angle on moss , as he move to he briefcase , and extract the telephone - like book , he turn to the front page , and we see the title be " military special prison . " angle moss and brean . moss hand brean the book . brean look . turn to moss . and then to schumann . brean ...how ya do ? moss take the clipboard , and read , while AMES sit stunned . schumann Fine . moss hold up the military directory . moss I think we ask for " special program " and they give we " special prison . " brean yeah , well -- it 's only one word difference . AMES draw moss aside . AMES ( sotto ) he , uh , have he be in the " jail " long ? moss ... twelve year . brean nods . AMES much more ...uh , he have much more time to " serve ? " mdss shake he head , spread he hand apart to arm' length . pause AMES ( braving it ) what would he do ? moss he rape a nun . ( pause ) AMES yeeaahhh ... ohmigod ... ohmigod ... ohmigod ... moss ( reading from the clipboard ) ...and ... AMES and ? no . I do not wanna know . ( pause ) what do you mean " and ... " ? moss ( reading ) look , look , look .... ( he hold up a SMALL vial , read . ) he 's fine , as long as he have he medication . AMES what happen if he do not have he medication ? moss he 's not fine . brean goe to the front of the plane . brean yeah , Captain , uh , yeah , Captain , uh , y'better get we back to Washington . brean pour himself a drink . pause . to schumann . brean how be 'ya ... dissolve int the plane night . insert . the vial of pill , labell , " military special prison , " schumann , william . A. two pill every four hour . should the patient become violent the dosage can be increased to ... the pill spill out of the frame . angle the plane , in a violent rainstorm , bucking wildly . AMES , on he knee , gathering up the pill , replace they in the vial , shake out two , and give they to schumann . who take they . moss then strap himself back in and brean continue talking on the telephone . the three strapped in , the plane tossing wildly . brean on the phone . schumann you gonna git I back tomorrow ? ( pause ) Cause they havin bean tomorrow ... brean ( on the phone ) ( he pick up a bottle of scotch and start drinking from it . ) a slight , a slight , well , no , we be gonna deal with it , we just , I need a little readjustment ... we need to rethink ... moss yes , William , uh , we have this thing we be do ... schumann Long 's you git I back for the bean ... moss ... for the bean , yes ... brean ( on the phone ) we be gonna , just , may have to call off the ... he gesture at the silent television , where we see the sign of the scaffolding , sign reading , " welcome home old shoe , " ET cetera ... well , maybe , you know , ah , ah , he 's sicker than we think , and rush he under wrap to walter reed to do a complete ... schumann ( to AMES ) r'if y'r gonna keep I out , I would kinda like the chance , t'go to church ... ( he leans toward AMES and wink lasciviously , and nudge he in the rib ) AMES oh Lord . what have you do to I ? what have you do to I ...? brean wilfre . AMES ... what have you do to I ... brean all combat take place at night , in the rain , and at the Junction of four map segment ... AMES ... what be we go to do ...? moss he 's fine , as long as he get he medication . brean speak of that ... ( he look at the vial ) we be gonna need a whole lot more of this .... AMES well , get on the phone , and get it ... moss you know , I think you people be look at this all wrong . if you look at the backstory -- the guy 's come back from combat and torture . of course he be gonna be ... uh ... uh ... " fuck up " . of course he 's gonna " need a little help " ... ( gesture putting a hypodermic in he arm ) AMES ( to himself ) oh , Lord .... angle , on the tv , where we see the president , wearing a old shoe button . president ...a proclamation of a Day of National rejoining ... the televisicn goe all fuzzy , then conk out . ...a day of humility , a day of pride ... in the return of ... schumann n'ybody gotta beer ...? the light in the plane flicker , and then come on , we see the lightening flashing out of the window , the CO - pilot come back into the cabin ... brean ( on the phone ) just .... do what I ...look : get I a ...hello ...? hel ...? I be go to need a ambulance , we take he , the last moment , right from the pl...no , we land , we puttem in the ambulance . Air force jet land , we take somebody else off that jet ... what the fuck do I care ? somebody in a Hospital gown . and we need a ...... hello ? hello ...? the line goe dead . brean Cause I do not think this dog be gonna hunt .... moss he 's go to be fine , be not you boy ...? brean yeah , well , perhaps ... ( to phone ) speak of which : I have a prescription here , I be go to give you the number , I need you stand by with a crate of the stuff .... it 's ... what be it ? moss a anti-psychotic ... brean ( to telephone ) it 's a anti-psychotic , the num ... the number ...hello...hello ... beat . the buffeting stop . the CO - pilot enter . CO - pilot we have be experience some buffete , but I think from here on out , it 's go to be fine . he return to the cockpit . brean tries to redial the telephone . schumann Long 's I git back for my bean . moss this be nothing , wait will you have work with a movie star , one time , this be nothing , we keep he shot - up and happy -- the Old day , I use to think I be a pharmacist , the kind of stuff I have to do . one time ... schumann Cause the bean , y'know , y'can tell if they be puttin stuff in it . brean uh huh ... schumann so you do not have to fear it . brean uh huh ... moss mmm . brean what kind of stuff ? ( to phone ) hello ...? schumann ( pause . schumann look at they warily ) what do you mean , " what kind of stuff ? " AMES no , no , he do not mean anything at all ... brean ( to moss ) give them another pill ... AMES no. no . he do not mean anything by it at all ... brean ( to phone ) hello ? no , operator ... moss administers a pill to schumann . schumann what the fuck do you mean , " what kind of stuff ? " ? moss ( to brean ) ... this be nothing . this be nothing . d' you ever shoot in Italy ? try three italian starlet on benzedrine , this be a walk in the park ... schumann ( as if coming to ) ... who be you ? ( pause ) who be you sonofabitch ... ( he look around wildly ) AMES we be just , actually , we be friend of ... can we get another pill into he ... schumann where be you take I ...? brean ( to phone ) hello ...? a huge flash of lightening , the plane be plunged into darkness , the engine stop : int the dark cabin . the wind whistling . AMES ( softly ) oh , heck . dissolve ext a field in montana . the wrecked corporate jet . angle a beaten - up brean struggle from the plane , finishing a bottle of scotch , he fling it from he , reach in he back pocket , open another , and , as he doe so , he sing drunkenly . brean " hush little baby , do not say a Word ... pappa 's gonna buy you a mockingbird , if that mock bird do not sing , poppa 's gonna buy you a diamond ring ... " AMES , similarly bruise , stumble from the plane behind he . brean ... kid complain , kid cry , get more junk , junk do not work , kid cry , get more junk . end of the song , house full of worthless junk , the kid 's still cry . Story of America ... ( he sit on the ground and open the new bottle of scotch . ) ... Z'at ever bother you ...? ( he reach back into the plane , and bring out a SMALL television set ) angle , as he leans into the plane . we see moss , lying in a heap , moss come to . moss ... what happen ...? brean I think we be experience a Little technical difficulty . moss how 's we friend ? brean sets up the television . turn it on . he sit , and take the bottle from brean , and drink . moss ... " courage . Mom " ... brean have kicked the television into life , we see a man and woman anchor , speak lugubriously , into the camera . brean News . like a wedding cake . ton and ton of sticky sugar , barbie and Ken on top ... ( he hit the tv ) can not ya talk , you sonofabitch ...? moss what the hell do we care ? brean eh ? I be like the Rest of America . I do not care -- I be just addict to it ... a photo of schumann come on the television . brean stumble back into the plane , and haul the day schumann out , and prop he against the plane . brean ( to schumann ) n'just when everything be go so well ... he sigh . he look at the television screen . angle the crowd at andrew's airkorce base , the " old shoe " banner , the " courage , mom , " banner . the still band . a shot of the bandmaster , surreptitiously , glancing at he watch . moss how 's we friend ? what be he , " dead ? " brean wake up . moss be he dead ? AMES be he dead ? ( pause ) be he dead ? be you dead ? wake up . you stupid , nun - raping sonofoabitch .... wake up ... wake up . do you want to spend the rest of you life in jail ? wake up ! do you know who I am ??? I be talk to you ... schumann begins to rouse bimself . schumann Z'it time for Exercise ? ( pause ) Cause it 's my Day on the yard . brean courage , Mom . AMES oh. Hell . and what do we do now ? what do we do now ? Boy producer ? ( pause ) mister win-an - Emmy , Social conscience , whaleshit , save - the-rainforest , liberal hire - a-convict shithead ? mister affirmative - action peacnik . commie ... shithead ....? moss ( pause ) this be nothing . ... piece of cake . y'know , produce be be a samurai warrior . they pay you , day in , day out , for year , so that , one day , when call upon , you can respond , you training at its peak , and save the day . angle brean , shaking he head . in the b.g. , moss , drinking . the tv come to life . commentator ... long overdue , its absence unexplain . the next shot be senator bud nole , speak earnestly at the camera . nole ... this ... regrettable absence ... this ... tardy absence of the flight . must give we pause . and , in that pause we should take time to examine ourselves , we plan , and we future . there have be a ... interregnum -- if you will , of reason , while we have watch unfold this drama ..... on the world scale ... AMES ( to himself ) ... I hate this cocksucker ... nole and , now , end how it will , this drama be do ... angle moss , as he wander back to stare at the screen . the vast field stretching away in the distance nole ( C ) the drama be do , and we must pause to consider . ( he hold up a photo of the president ) and we must consider this man . this man ... who , you will remember , be discover , scant day ago , in a situation which must debar he from Public Office ... ( he hold up a shot of the president and the girlscouts ) and I say , when we take time to reflect , there be go to be a lot of apartment for rent in Washington , Election Day . two day from now , folk ... do not forget to vote . moss no , I do not think so . AMES kick in the thlevision . he move to schumann and lift he to he feet . brean ( drunkenly ) leav't alone . wha would television ever do to you ? ate you life , ruin would you Culture , but ... AMES finishes destroy the tv . AMES it destroyed the electoral process . he finishes raging at the television set . pause . moss come on . AMES ... where ? moss come on . moss move schumann into a stand position . brean y'know what else bother I ? " shh lil baby , don ' saya word , papa 's go buy you a mock bird ... " ( pause ) the baby do n'say a word , what the fuck be the motherfucking mocking bird gone say ? ( pause ) you follow I ...? moss get on you foot , boy . brean uh huh ... why ? moss we be go home . we be go home together ... brean we have no home . we be vagrant . n'each man 's hand 's against we . we kill Old shoe ... ( he begins to weep ) we kill the schuster ... spend we life in a packingcrate ... where be you go ...? moss start coddling schumann . moss come on , pal , come on Willie , come on , Old shoe ... schumann just want to take a nap . moss he 's not dead , ronnie . he 's just a little understandab1y , fatigue . ( pause ) let 's get he to some help ... schumann ... gimme some help ... moss that 's right , we will take a nap . we will get you to Washington , we will get you back to you buddy , and ... schumann ... just want to get back to the bean ... moss walk to brean , and start kicking he . moss come on , you fuck sissy , you think this be tough ? try show -business . 1970 - 1990 , n'ybody I work with , y'could of bottled they piss n'sold it in the ghettos ... ( to schumann ) come on , pal ... brean I be tired . moss finish strong ! be you nut ? ( he start shepherding the two across the vast wheatfield ) be you nut ? this 's penny from Heaven ... on he triumphal return home , Old shoe , he plane forced down ... and yet ... brean he 's suppose to be fly in from Europe . moss we will deal with that when we come to it . this be produce . this be what they pay off on ... come on , pal , boot and saddle ... AMES ...his triumphal plane . shot down . moss shot down , forced down ... ( he gesture , meaning , this be a minor point ) you guy be miss it ... you be miss the opportunity the group trudge off . schumann be not it time for my pill ...? dissolve int vast combine harvester day . stop in a wheatfield . outside , a endless wheatfield . inside , brean , moss , AMES and schumann , crammed into the passenger space of the huge machine . the driver watching a SMALL television , as he drive , the earpiece in he ear . angle , the television , show the deserted runway at the airforce base . the crowd breaking up . angle . the three in the passenger space of the combine . moss this be produce . this be , this be , this be the beauty part . you have get you fortune right here , and you be ready to throw it away . because he 's get a Problem ? f'it be easy , anyone would do it . ( pause ) otto preminger . have to film a scene , in exodus . the proclamation of the State of Israel . need twenty thousand extras , and Jerusalem Park . not enough money to pay'em . what do he do ? what do he do ? printed up sign : be in a movie , fifteen skekel . he charge them -- have to turn'em away . that 's produce . that 's produce ... and you know , someday , people be gonna tell this story ... brean you can not tell this story . moss why not ? brean some 'b 'y will have you kill . moss ha ha . no , no , not now , not now , of course , but someday ... when they tell this story ... AMES you can not tell this story . he 's not kid you . ( pause ) you can not tell this story . you know that . ( pause ) the pay off be , you get to be ambassador , or ... moss no , no , no ... schumann ... be not it time for my pill ...? brean and what the fuck story be you gonna tell ? the guy be a nutcase . moss you would be , two , if you would go through what he go through . brean he rape a nun ... moss what he go through in albania ... brean he 's doped to the gill ... schumann ... where 's my l'il pill ? moss ( to brean ) show some compassion . brean ... and he spend the last twelve year in a milit&amp ;ry prison ... ( pause ) AMES how do we explain that ? moss ...how do we explain that ? hey ? be I worried ...? AMES ...how do we explain that ? with the World watch . moss fuck the world . try a ten a.m. pitch meeting , no sleep , coke - to - the-gill , and you have not even read the material . AMES but how do we explain the fact he be in prison ? moss how do we explain that ? ah , well , you see , wilfre , this be where you have never be at a pitch . you see ? his record say he be in prison ... as they must , as all the record of Group 303 have the man and the woman , carry on they roster , as belong somewhere else , the secrecy require of .... angle moss still talking , the harvester continuing down the endless rows of wheat , moving away from the camera . dissolve ext tiny old fashioned oklahoma gas station day . the owner , boot propped on the counter , watching a old black and white television . it be senator nole . nole get out and vote , get out and vote , but remember the difference , between a promise , and a deed -- a promise - and - a-deed ... he half turn he head , across the highway we see the harvester , with moss and brean and schuman and AMES . AMES stays behind , to talk with the driver of the huge harvester combine . angle on brean and moss , who walk schumann across the highway . in the b.g. we see AMES talking to the driver of the harvester , who be a SMALL , hispanic man . angle on the three , as they approach a payphone out by the gas station . moss ( to brean ) ... " down safely , " crew perish in the crash .... brean ( shaking he head to clear it . ) no , I be on top of it ... moss " ... unsure whether or not enemy action ... " brean no , I be fine ... I get it together .... moss ...but ... they stop by a telephone . brean you get a dime ....? moss hand he a dime . brean dial . brean ( to phone ) hello . ( pause ) hello . I be fine . we be fine . we be ... stand by to copy this , will ... just get a pencil .... he be down safely , though ... angle on moss , as he walk the groggy schumann toward the gas station . moss ...how ya feel , boy ? schumann ...mmm . moss ...' bout ready to mix it up ...? schumann be today Laundry Day ...? camera take they into the SMALL gas station office , where we see a wizened old westerner , looking at the television where we see senator nole . moss hiya . owner yup . moss how ' bout a cold drink ...? angle on the television , senator nole . nole ... produce this schumann . ( pause ) produce he . I say ; or , and I do not hesitate to say it , rank he as just one more ... the owner gesture at a cold drink cooler . nole ( cont . ) just one more of a series of Broken promise . of ... fantasies , yes , fantasies , which ... moss and schumann walk over to the cooler . they look out the window at brean , who be walking in from the phone . he hang up and come in . moss look at he , meaning , " what' up ? " brean gesture at the television . angle , he Pov . the television , now switched to the scene of the deserted tarmac . commentator ( vo ) Senator nole , commentate on the unexplain absence of ... wait a moment ... wait a.... the screen dissolves , to a shot of the great seal of the president of the UNITED states . announcer ( vo ) live , from the White House , we bring you ... angle on brean and moss , as they cluster up to the television . in the b.g. , schumann , sitting on a stool at the counter . PRESS person ( vo ) lady and gentlemen , the President of the United States ... angle on the three , as they watch the television . moss okay ... it 's time for the cavalry . ( pause ) Nick of time .... sonofabitch .... fuck with I ...? president ( vo ) my fellow Americans . ( pause ) angle tight on schumann who sees something out of the corner of he eye . angle , he Pov up a narrow staircase , the figure of a young girl in a flimsy dress , climbing . angle schumann , as he look away , and mutter to himself . schumann " ... where 's my pill ... " angle the group watching television . president ...he be down safely , though the flight crew perish in the crash . he will be transhipped , we be inform he have sustained minor injury , which will require he be medicate for some time , but , I be assure ... AMES wander in . moss ( of the t.v. ) you see , this be what I be talk about . stand it on its head . how do it work for you benefit ... AMES I be concerned about the driver of the rig . moss what rig ? AMES ... the harvester ... ( he gesture out at the vast farm machine , which can just be see stand by the highway . its owner beside it . waiting . ) brean what about he ? AMES well , he do not have he Green Card . ( pause ) he do not have he greencard . angle on schumann , who have cone to the back of the counter , and be emptying the cannister . schumann ( to himself ) where 's my pill ...? he wandering bring he to the end of the counter . where we see , over he shoulder , a young girl , puttering about in the kitchen off the gas station office . angle cu . on schumann , leering . angle on AMES , etc . AMES ... you want schumann save by a illegal alien ...? brean well , what do you want to do about it ? ( pause ) what do you ... moss pal : ( to brean ) get on the phone ... r' they fly it ? brean they will be here in ten minute . moss get on the phone , have them fly in a ... whaddaya need to be a citizen ? a judge ? whaddaya need ? a judge ...? call in a judge , call in a Federal judge , and ... ( to AMES , as if to a child ) if you be concerned about he , be a ... " immigrant . " make he a citizen ... eh? guy ... what 's all this mopery , we ... schumann look to the side . the young girl have dropped a spoon off of the worktable and bend over to pick it up , revealing her legs and little girl undie . angle on schumann , leering . schumann ( muttering ) ... where be my pill ? angle on the men , in the room , arguing about the illegal alien , schumann in the b.g . schumann where' my fucking piiiilllllll ...? schumann run into the kitchen , and we hear the sound of little girl scream . all the men in the room look around . the owner stand , and look around . owner susie ...? ( pause ) susie ... he be answered by whimpering . moss oh , hell ... the gas station owner goe to the door to the kitchen , and find it locked . owner susie ? susie . be you alright ...? susie ... moss stride up to the door . moss lemme talk to he . will ? shoe ? owner susie ...? be you alright ...? moss ( push he aside ) lemme talk to he . shoe ? shoe ...? you in there ...? we be answered by the sound of whimpering . angle on the gas station owner , who have retreated to he counter and produce a shotgun , and start to load it . moss ( at the door ) shoe , boy ...? you know , you be tell I you want bean ? remember , you be concerned about the bean ...? the man with the shotgun come up to the door . moss ( to the station owner ) no , 1emme talk to he ... 1emme talk to he , we have a relationship ... the gas station owner exit the build , and we see he , outside , kick in the side door to the kitchen . moss ( through the door , to schumann ) ' member , we be talk about how much you like the " bean " and all ...? we hear the SOUND of whimpering , and then two shotgun blast . we hear more little girl scream , then a blast , and then another shotgun blast . beat . brean and moss rouse tbemselves , and go to stand in the doorway , looking into the kitchen . AMES peek over there shoulder . brean ( affectless ) ... now look what 's happen ... brean walk to the drink cooler , open a can of dr . pepper , and come back to stand in the doorway . beat . the owner come out , holding the shotgun and comforting the distraught little girl . in the b.g. we hear a jet roar , and we see a carrier jet making a approach onto the highway . AMES so-close-and-yet-so-far . moss naa , fuck this , this be nothing . oh , Lord -- this just get Big . I see it -- Big -- Big for you and big for I . AMES what be you talk about ? moss you be not think right , pal ... AMES he 's dead . ( pause ) he 's dead . ( pause ) the fella kill Old shoe . ( pause ) moss and what be bigger than a triumphal homecome ...? int hangar , andrews airforce base , day . a vast hangar , a single jet transport . angle brean and moss , dishevelled , unshaven , looking on . angle , there Pov the ramp , at the back of the plane , a flag draped casket appear and crawl down the ramp . six military people in fatigue advance to the casket . angle brean and moss , they swivel there head , and we see , beyond the door of the hangar , a vast crowd , flashbulb begin popping . angle on moss , as he glance around , and then at a aide , as if to say , well ... the aide look around , and then , with relief , at the crowd , as a SMALL dog break away , and run toward the casket . several photographer break through the cordon , and begin snapping photo of the SMALL dog , as it sit , its head cocked , near the casket . brean and moss walk away , camera follows they toward a SMALL readyroom off the hangar . int , the readyroom . brean and moss sink down into a old ratty leather couch , brean get up , walk to the table , on which be a pack of cigarettes . he take one , light it , pass one to brean who light it . walk to a mr. coffee machine . brean ... coffee ...? moss yes , please . beyond the coffee machine we see AMES , and the hispanic man who drove the harvester , still wearing a straw cowboy hat , ET cetera , they both stand , as a man in he sixties enter , and begins extracting a black robe from he briefcase , he put on the robe . brean sigh . nods , and walk hack to the table , wbere moss be slumped . brean snap on a SMALL television , on the counter , and we see , in its screen , the pallbearer proceeding to a military truck , and the SMALL dog following , we see a portrait of the dog , as it cock its head , we CUT to a shot of the president , in the hangar , dabbing at he eye with a handkerchief . moss ( watching the screen ) good. good. good. look good , bring - it-all -back - home . lassie bark twice n'it 's time to take out the garbage . brean Hell of a show . Hell of a job , Stan . moss ( knock on wood ) ... one more day . brean naw , naw , we own the airway ... ( he flip the channel ) we see a couple of media nerd , be interviewed around a conference table . moderator ... thrust of the albanian episode , to put he over the top ... first media guy yes , you could say that , Joyce , but it would not be true . joyce what would be true , then . second media guy well , you say it yourself , earlier , and if I may rephrase , that the success of the President , in the poll ... joyce ... as of today , 89 % favorable . second media guy eighty -nine percent favorable , be base not on event ... brean ... event . second media guy which , of course , we cannoy control .... first media guy ...no ... second media guy but on the spin give to that event . first media guy ... yes . second media guy on the meaning find in that event , and give to the public ... joyce ...by you ? second media guy by the media , by , yes , by , in this case , we organization . joyce well , there 's a lot to be say for that . and I be go to show a clip . ( to the audience ) you have see it before , you have see it many time ... ( all smile ) but I be go to ask you to look at it once more . with the election one day off , and the President 's stand in the poll ... first media guy ...89 percent joyce ...a record , a record high for sit president , I would like you to watch the campaign that put he there when we come back . the screen change to a commercial . moss you see ? what 's the lesson here ? never give up . never give up . brean no . you be right . moss show must go on. brean a proud tradition . moss prouder of this , than anything I ever do in my life . I want to thank you , ron. ( pause ) want to thank you . the screen come back to the talking head . wkere we see the commentator interviewing the subject . joyce and as we say . the President , a sure - fire winner , and the campaign , many say , that put he there ... the screen change to two horse in a paddock . a couple of jockey walk up to they . jockey one which horse you go to ride tomorrow , Jim ? jockey two well , Chuck , my daddy use to say , and I have live by it : never change horse in ... moss ( to himself ) ...oh no ... the screen revert to the moderator and the two type . joyce and now , we be go to be take you call . the number be ... moss rise . moss begins pacing around the readyroom . brean what be you do ? moss I be look for a phone ... brean no , I do not think you can do that . moss watch I . brean no , I do not think you can do that , stanley ... moss watch I . brean stanley . stanley ... you know the ... stanley . ( he restrain he ) you know the deal when you sign on . moss deal 's change . brean no , the deal be not change . the deal be not change . you can not ... what be it ? money ? money ? you want money ? moss money ? you think I do this for money ...? I do this for credit . credit , paalll ... brean but you always know you could not take the credit .... moss that 's one thing , but I be not gonna let two dickhead from filmschool take it ... be you nut ? be you nut ? he tries to get out of the readyroom . brean restrain he . angle tight on the two . brean stanley , no fool ... no fool ... you be play with you life here ... moss fuck my life ... fuck my life .... Z want the credit ... the credit . do you know what the New York Times say about my last picture ? they piss on I . they piss on I . do you know what that picture gross ? and now some limp -dick film school pansy ... joyce ( on tv ) that number to call .... moss take out a pad and pencil , and begins to write it down . brean stanley , you can not do this .... AMES call from the far room . AMES could we have you in here , please ... 7 brean , distracted for a moment , lets moss go , moss pull away , and run out of the room . angle on brean , as he proceeds to the back room , where we see AMES , stand with the man , who now have on he black robe , and hold a bible out to the hispanic fellow in the straw cowboy hat . AMES ( sotto , to brean ) ... we need a witness . man in the black robe ( to the hispanic harvester driver ) do you swear to uphold the duty and responsibility of a citizen of the United States ? to defend she , ( ET cetera ) angle on this room , with the huge hangar , and the casket in the far room . angle , on brean as he shake he head sadly . dissolve ext pennsylvania avenue . november day . vast crowd , lining the STREET . the SOUND of slow fife and drum . angle on various spectator , weeping , many of they with old shoe hung around there neck . 303 sweatshirt . ET cetera ... the spectator crane there neck . angle , there p0v . a caisson , a riderless horse , coming down the STREET . pan onto a newscaster . newscaster ... come , yes , yes , I can just ... yes , the caisson , bear he remain , the riderless horse , lead by three member of he unit , 303 , identify by they distinctive cap ... angle , on the 303 troopers , two men and a woman in beret which be half black , half leopard skin . int shoestore , h.q. the television , showing the same scene . pan onto aide , sweeping up . tv voice over ( we hear a series of gunshot ) ... and that 's the , yes , you hear it , a salute , in code , 5 pelling out , " courage , Mom " ... and there , yes , there be the staff car , bear the pre ... int moss' kitchen , beverly hill , day a SMALL countertop television . a hispanic maid watching the tv . announcer ( on tv ) ... sident elect -- the President - elect of the United States ... she pick up a tray of crudite , and proceeds , camera follows her into the live room , giving onto the pool , where we see a flock of mourner , the men in yalmulkas . angle ext , moss' house . a line of limo , one of the chauffeur listening to the radio . radio ( vo ) ... the end of the incredible saga of one man , he country , and a War he do not wish , but unto which he ... a limo arrive , bear brean , who be give a yalmuka , as he enter moss' house . int . h.q. shoestore , day . the aide have just finished cleaning up . the scene on the tv be arlington national cemetery . the pallbearer , military men and women , be do a slow MARCH to the tune of " good old shoe . " there be a shot of the president , as a aide approach he , and hand he a BOX , which he open , we see as the camera rack focus to it , that it be the congressional medal of honor . the president proceeds toward the casket , bear the BOX . the tv goe blank , as the aide flip it off . he take the last remaining trashbin , and start to pull it outside . we see two moving men , taking down the television , and putting it on a dolly . angle , int , the mall the boarded up storefront . the old " shoe world " sign , the aide putting out the last trashbin . he be overtaken by , and camera dolly with , the two men moving out the televisicn . they pass a new sign , which have be applied over the plywood , read : " coming soon , good old shoe , " followed by a stylized rendition of a pair of old basketball shoe , the trademark registration sign , and the nike swoosh , camera continue to dolly , past graffiti , reading , courage , mom . ----------------- end wag the dog a screenplay by david mamet second draft . october , 1996 </ uphotograph >