dear JOHN screenplay by Jamie linden base on the novel by Nicholas spark 10.5.07 over black : john' voice there 's something I want to tell you . OPEN on : staff sargeant JOHN tyree -- who be in he mid - 20 's , who have a shave head beneath he GREEN beret , and who be completely unaware that two bullet be second away from enter he . John look around the ramshackle room he 's in , then turn and say something we can not hear to someone we can not see . john' voice after I get shot , you wanna know the very first thing that enter my mind , right before I black out ? a bullet slice into he leave shoulder , inch away from he heart . John 's eye widen , but he 's too stunne to cry out . john' voice coin . despite the eerie silence , a second bullet hit he in the gut and send he to he knee . his hand fly to he stomach . in no time at all he finger be coat with blood . John fall onto he back . his eye search the dingy ceiling above he . all be still silent . sunlight pour in from a large mortar hole , and as John stare at it , the light envelope the screen , and -- everything goe white . fade in on : John as a little boy , stand in front of a sprawling metal contraption that seem to stretch on and on . from he Pov it look like a rube Goldberg machine . john' voice I be eight year old again , on a tour of the US mint , listen to the guide explain how coin be make . the other child around John be bored out of they mind . but John be not . John be fascinate . on a blanking PRESS -— — -- as enormous metal coil be feed through a reel that cut out individual round disc call blank . john' voice how they be punch out of sheet metal . on a upsetting mill -- -- which squeeze the edge of the blank , give they a slightly raise surface . john' voice how they be rimmed and bevele . on a coining PRESS -- -- which actually engrave the blank . john' voice how they be stamp and clean . finally , on a PRESS operator --— -- who use a magnify glass to spot- check the new coin . john' voice and then how each and every coin be personally examine , just in case one have slip through with the slight imperfection . the operator find a bad coin and flick it off the conveyor belt into a waste funnel . the rest of the coin clatter off the belt down into a automatic count machine , while -- match CUT : back to the dingy room -- present day -- where spend m - 16 round clatter onto the ground , make the exact same noise . now all SOUND can be hear , and it be loud . whoever shot John be pay for it dearly . Three other GREEN beret 's be unload they ammo . John be still flat on he back , still bleed profusely , still stare up at the ceiling . john' voice that 's what pop into my head . one of the soldier , staff sargeant tony gallo , stop fire and turn to John , kneel over he . a vein pop out of he forehead . John desperately try to make eye contact . john' voice I be a coin in the United States Army . I be mint in the year 1980 . I have be punch from sheet metal , I have be stamp and clean , my edge have be rimmed and bevele . tony cut open John 's fatigue . blood flow freely . john' voice but now I have two small hole in I , and I be no longer in perfect condition . John look at he puncture stomach and draw a sharp breath . john' voice I be no longer in perfect condition . he glance up at tony , see the panic in he face . john' voice I be no longer in perfect condition . John gulp for air . his pupil begin to dilate . he 's fade fast . the chaos around he begin to slip away . john' voice so there 's something else I want to tell you before I go . his eyelid flutter . he gasp again . john' voice after I get shot , right before everything go black , you wanna know the very final thing that enter my mind ? and then as John 's eye finally close -- fade to black john' voice you . fade in on : a wave -- as it crash over John , submerging he completely . he close he eye . then he surfboard pop back above water , and because John be on top of it , he pop up too . 4 . he be young now , and he be back in North Carolina . but he head be still shave . spring 2001 before he can even catch he breath , another wave be come . John position himself , paddle into the wave -- stand up -- on the shore -- he catch a brief glimpse of two girl in bikinis as they wade into the water -- -- but there 's not time to focus on they -- he 's catch the wave and ride it towards shore , when all of a sudden -- -- another surfer cut he off -- John have to wipe out to avoid a collision -- underwater -- he get lose in the power of the crash wave , do not try to fight it , let himself get drag to shore -- -- until he can finally find he foot . he stand up in waist high water , angrily yell out to the other surfer -- JOHN hey ! what the hell -- -- then suddenly realize he 's only a few yard from the girl he see earlier . one 's blonde , the other be brunette . they be both knockout , and they be both stare at he . the brunette smile . brunette girl Nice wave . John wipe the salt out of he mouth . JOHN shoulda be . the brunette 's eye twinkle , but the blonde roll hers , tug at she friend . although the brunette allow herself to be pull away , she smile back at John before she go . John watch she disappear down the beach while the surfer that cut John off wade over to he . John be tall and muscular , not somebody to mess with , and this guy know it . other surfer sorry , bro . do not see you there . John turn towards he fast -- the other guy flinch slightly . but John be smile now , too . JOHN what ? oh -- no problem . 5. then he climb on he board and paddle back into the ocean . on the pier -- later John lean against the rail , drink a beer , watch the sun set . his board be next to he . nearby , he hear giggling -- and when he turn , he see the same two girl from before walk up the pier . they stop 20 foot away or so , but they do not see he because of he board . John peek over at they for a second ... think ... but before he can make a move , two guy in polo shirt walk up behind the girl . they be good-look and loud , each with a beer in hand . the one in the yellow shirt wrap he arm around the blonde girl . they be clearly a couple . but John 's focus on the brunette girl , and he watch with interest as the guy in the baby blue shirt hop up easily on the rail next to she -- and knock she tote bag off the edge . it hit the water with a splash . brunette girl my bag ! blue shirt whoops . Son of a -- brunette girl my purse be in there . my credit card , all my cash , everything ! blue shirt I be really sorry . ( off she look ) oh. should I , um ... brunette girl my whole life be in that bag ! yellow shirt you knock it in , dumbass . be a man , go save the day . Blue shirt sigh . then he sit down , ponderously take off he shoe , carefully stuff he sock into they . he hesitates ... take a deep breath ... look down at the ocean swirl twenty foot below he ... hesitates some more ... brunette girl oh , for cry out loud . John watch the brunette girl kick off she own shoe , start to climb up the rail . John grin . and then , without hardly even think about it , he set he beer down , hop the rail , and jump down into the ocean himself . he dive under -- John be clearly comfortable in water -- and find the bag on the ocean floor quickly . he reemerges to find the group on the pier stare down at he in astonishment . John just paddle back to shore . the brunette girl meet he at the bottom of the pier , all smile . brunette girl thank you so much ! Blue shirt trail close behind she . blue shirt yeah , thanks . but you really do not have to do that , I be just about to jump in ... JOHN I know you be . I be just save you the trouble . he hand the bag to the brunette . they finger brush briefly . brunette girl my name 's Savannah . JOHN I be John . she and John hold eye contact . Blue shirt clear he throat . blue shirt maybe you should give he a reward . Savannah glare at Blue shirt . John register the insult . JOHN I do not want a reward . I be just try to help . he nod goodbye to Savannah , turn to leave . JOHN you all have a good night . then he start to walk away . but Savannah call after he . savannah wait . she hurry over , alone . Blue and yellow shirt trade a look . savannah I be stay right over there . we have get food , and -- I mean , do you want something to eat ? JOHN thanks , but I should really be get home . savannah c’mon . one good deed deserve another , right ? JOHN it 's just that my dad 's expect I back for dinner . I do not want to ruin my appetite . savannah oh , you will not . we food be terrible . she smile at he . reaches she hand out . look he in the eye . savannah come on , John . do not make I beg . John pause ... then he hold out he hand , too , and they finger touch again . at a bonfire -- later college kide wander around near the house . while blonde girl and yellow shirt take a walk down the beach -- -- John sit in awkward silence across from Blue shirt . then Savannah return with two drink , to both they relief . Blue shirt scoot over on he log , make room for she . but she take a seat beside John , hand he the other drink . Blue shirt eyeball John , notice that under he armpit , above he rib cage he 's get a ' meat tag’ , which be basically a tattooe dog tag with he name , id # , etc . blue shirt you in the military or something ? ( off John 's nod ) what branch ? John flash he he sapphire ring ( which he never take off , not even when he 's surfing ) . JOHN Army . special force . blue shirt yeah ? Nice ring -- where 's you beret , do you leave it at home ? Blue shirt grin -- he 's egging John on . John just ignore the comment , but Savannah level she gaze at Blue shirt . savannah hey , Randy ? I think Susan tell I you be smart . blue shirt ( randy ) I be smart . savannah then why be you make fun of a guy who could kill you with he bare hand ? the smile wipe off Randy 's face . he look down , chagrine . suddenly realize three 's a crowd . randy I be ... gonna go get another beer . he leave . John and Savannah be alone now . John grin . JOHN I be not so sure I could kill he with my bare hand , actually . he have a thick neck . savannah sorry about he -- he think he like I . JOHN I think he like you , too . savannah Nah . I be not he type , he just do not know it yet . ( off John 's grin ) what ? what be you smile about ? JOHN I just think you be probably everybody 's type . at that moment , a six year -old boy come out of nowhere and bear hug Savannah , almost knock she over . JOHN see what I mean ? the boy 's name be alan , and although it may or may not be apparent right away , he 's autistic . but Savannah 's delighted to see he . savannah Alan , this be John . say hello . Alan hide he head instead . savannah he 's shy . Alan , where 's you dad at ? voice two step behind he , as usual . they turn to find tim , a friendly look guy in he early 30s . when he rub Savannah 's head as a greeting , it 's obvious they have know each other for year . tim sorry . he 's like a heat - seek missile when he see you . ( then , notice John ) oh , hey . I be Tim . they shake hand . Tim notice he sapphire ring right away . tim special force , huh ? where you station out of , Fort bragg ? JOHN Germany , actually . tim you be on leave . ( off he nod ) good for you . I hope you be enjoy yourself . John glance over at Savannah . she smile . JOHN yeah . yeah , I think I be . Tim see the smile and realize what he 's walk into . tim well , sorry to interrupt . Nice to meet you , though -- c’mon , son . Alan give Savannah one last hug . then , as he go , Alan call back to John , almost as a afterthought -- alan hello , john. 10 . John smile . wave goodbye . JOHN hello , Alan . Tim and Savannah trade a quick look , impressed . then Tim head Alan back inside the beach house next door . savannah wow . that be a pretty big deal . JOHN yeah ? savannah Alan do not talk to just anybody . he do not talk to anybody at all , actually , other than he family . JOHN he talk to you . savannah well we be practically family . I have know he since he be bear . she look back up at the impressive house behind she . savannah this be my great - grandparent beach house . they pass it down to my grandparent , who pass it down to my parent . ( be : the house next door ) same thing with Tim 's family . I have spend every summer of my life right here . so have Tim . and so have Alan . JOHN it 's -- it 's a beautiful house . savannah yeah , well do not let it fool you . I be not one of that girl . JOHN which girl ? savannah you know perfectly well which girl . she motion towards the house . College kid be everywhere -- in the house , on the deck , by the beach . and some of they be definitely '' that girl '' . savannah I do not even know all this people , actually . but the more the merrier , right ? it be vacation , after all . John pause . watch the college kid be college kid . JOHN yeah . it be . 11 . Savannah look at John . Studies he as he watch the other . they be all by themselves now -- no one else be nearby . savannah when do you go back ? JOHN a week from Monday . savannah it must be scary , what you do . JOHN it 's boring , mostly . Long stretch of boring . occasional flash of scary . there 's a lull in conversation . not a uncomfortable one though . Savannah look out on the ocean . it 's get dark , and the moon be rise on the horizon . savannah full moon tonight . look at how huge that thing be . she stand . from John 's view , the moon be as large as she be . savannah you ever notice how big the moon be when it 's rise , but how little it get when it 's up in the sky ? JOHN that 's just a optical illusion , actually . c’mere , I 'il show you . he stand behind she , very close now , and raise she arm . JOHN the moon 's size do not ever change , only you perspective do . when it 's against the horizon , it look like it 's enormous , but if you shut one of you eye ... and hold out you hand like this ... 12 . he hold he thumb up . she do the same -- and from they perspective , the moon disappear behind it . JOHN no matter where it be in the sky ... no matter where you be in the world ... the moon be never bigger than you thumb . Savannah open she other eye . the moon be big again . then she do John 's trick , and again , the moon become thumb - size . she smile up at he . his face be inch from hers . savannah where have you learn that ? John look down at she . shrug . JOHN somewhere along the way . from the deck -- Randy watch John and Savannah look out at the ocean , so close together and backlit by the giant moon . he take a heavy swig of he beer , unable to hide he bitterness . the moon -- -- be way up in the night sky now . a hour or two have pass , and the bonfire be long out now . Savannah lie in the sand , watch John inspect a dangerous look hot dog . JOHN how be it possible for a hot dog to be so burnt on the outside and so raw on the inside ? Savannah do not answer , just smile . so John grab a few piece of wood and gather some kindling . then he produce a flint and magnesium block keychain from he pocket , shave off some magnesium with a pocketknife , and strike the flint . instant spark slowly reignite the fire . Savannah watch , amused , as John recook he hot dog . savannah wow . you can start you own fire . I do not think I have ever meet a boy who can start he own fire . ( off he modest shrug ) no no , it 's very impressive . very primal . what be you gonna do next , make I a sundial ? 13 . John grin , shake he head , nod up at the dark sky . JOHN would not do much good now . but that remind he ... he grab Savannah 's arm , check the time on she watch . time have fly by . JOHN shoot . I should go . Savannah nod . she know he be gonna have to leave eventually . savannah sorry . I hope you will not get in too much trouble . John look at she . laying there in the sand , under the star , she look just about perfect . John chuckle to himself . JOHN too late . Savannah smile at he . but John shyly turn away , grab he surfboard , prepare to leave . Savannah watch he . savannah well ... thank you . for what you do . JOHN you be welcome . take a few step ... then turn around . JOHN any chance you have wanna do this again tomorrow night ? Savannah smile wider . savannah tomorrow night be chicken . you be not gonna want to try the chicken . JOHN yeah , I be think we could let someone else cook this time . savannah be you ask I out on a date ? JOHN I guess I am. ( be : half - eat hot dog ) one good deed deserve another , right ? 14 . she think . smile at he again . savannah tomorrow night then ? he smile back at she . JOHN tomorrow night then . on a road -- ten minute later John walk north , carry he surfboard . headlights from the occasional car illuminate he as they pass by . a truck come up from behind he . but this one slow down to a crawl as it pass John ... and then the reverse light come on , and the truck back up until John see that the driver -- -- be Tim . next to he , Alan be in the passenger seat , totally focus on he game boy . tim need a lift ? we be head into town for some ice cream . JOHN thanks . but I do not mind walk . tim how long 's the walk ? JOHN couple mile . Tim look at he . then , without a word , he get out of the car , take John 's board and put it in the back of he truck . he call to Alan in the cab . tim scoot over , son . Alan do as he 's tell . John open the passenger door . Alan look up from he game , make eye contact . alan hello , John . John smile at he , impressed he remember . so be Tim . JOHN hey , Alan . but then Alan just go right back to he game . Tim get in and they start on down the road . 15 . JOHN so how long be you in town for ? tim oh , we live here year round now . Alan love the water , and we be drive down every weekend anyway . I finally convinced my wife this just make the most sense . John look over at Tim , who 's focus on the road ahead . JOHN she do not want any ice cream ? tim who ? oh , my wife -- no . she 's on vacation herself , actually . he smile to himself , but do not take he eye off the road . tim I guess I think if we spend all year in we vacation house , we will have a year- round vacation . but it do not really work like that . and it 's kind of tricky to take trip together , since ... he trail off , but it 's clear he 's talk about Alan -- although Alan be too wrap up in he video game to notice . tim but it 's fine . we make it work . JOHN I be up here on the leave . Tim turn into he driveway . John open the car door . JOHN thanks for the lift , tim. ( as he get out ) bye , Alan . but Alan do not even look up from he game . Tim pause . tim hey , John ? just -- for the record -- if you do anything to hurt Savannah , I 'il have to break ... something . something in you leg . one of the bone in there somewhere . John look at he , surprised . Tim sigh , a bit embarrassed . 16 . tim I know she father , he have want I to say that . although it would have sound a lot more natural come out of he mouth . JOHN it -- sound fine . tim no it do not . thank you , though . Tim smile at John . he 's pretty hard not to like . tim goodnight , John . then he pull away . John watch the tail light slowly disappear down the road . inside he father 's house -- John walk into the live room . the whole house be dark and quiet , except for a light beneath one hallway door . in he father 's study -- mr . tyree be bald . his shirt be a size too small anda decade too old . he be intently focus on a coin in front of he and do not turn away from it when John walk in . JOHN hey , dad . mr . tyree you dinner 's in the fridge . John stand in the doorway . this do not appear to be a room that he walk into often . JOHN sorry I do not make it home earlier . Mr. tyree shrug . grab a magnify glass , turn the coin over , do not say another word . John just watch he , wait for a response even though he know nothing 's go to come . JOHN anyway . see you tomorrow , dad . mr . tyree goodnight , John . John close the door behind he as he leave . 17 . in the kitchen -- the next day it be bright outside now , and Mr. tyree be make a large salad . his sock be mismatch . John walk out of he bedroom in a nice shirt , see he dad at work on the salad , realize he have not mention he plan . JOHN I be not stay for dinner , dad . mr. tyree but ... I make lasagna . JOHN yeah , it 's Sunday night . I know you make lasagna . Mr. tyree glance up at he . then quickly turn back to he salad . John sigh , feel like he should explain . JOHN it 's just , I have get a date ... mr . tyree okay . this time John do not wait long for the follow up question he know will not come . he head to the front door , then turn . JOHN hey , dad ? Mr. tyree look up at he . John hesitates long enough for we to know he want to say something more . JOHN can ... I borrow the car ? Mr. tyree dig in he pocket , hold the car key out . the shrimp shack -- that evening John pull he dad 's old lincoln Continental into the parking lot of the shrimp shack , which look exactly like it sound . he hurry over to open Savannah 's door for she . she be study the restaurant intently . JOHN I know it do not look like much . but it 's get the best seafood you have ever have . seriously . she take he hand and let he pull she out of the car . 18 . inside -- Savannah and John be the best dress customer by far . the place be crowded with regular , not tourist . John nod evenly at the owner behind the bar . JOHN hey Steve . Steve do not respond , just give John the death stare . John sigh , then head over to the bar and quietly take he aside . JOHN c'mon , man . it 's be three year . steve the owner I do not want any trouble . JOHN you will not get any . okay ? I promise . Steve pause , weigh he option . then , finally , he nod over to the hostess , give he okay . she take they to a table by a window overlook the water . Savannah look at John curiously . savannah what be that about ? JOHN I just have not be here in a while , that 's all . a hostess arrive to get they drink , and Savannah order a sweet tea . John glance over at Steve behind the bar again . he 's watch John closely , listen to what he 's gonna order . JOHN uh ... sweet tea for I too , please . the hostess head off . but Savannah notice the look John steal toward the bar and misread it , think that she 's the reason he only order tea . savannah it 's okay . you can get a beer if you want , do not let I stop you . JOHN Nah . I do not drink . Savannah cock she head at he . 19 . savannah you be drink when I meet you . John do not have to look over at the bar this time to know that Steve be watch he . he stumble for a excuse . JOHN um -- anymore . I do not drink anymore . savannah I meet you yesterday . JOHN yeah , well thing change . but do not let I stop you -- you can get a beer if you want one . savannah Nah . I do not drink anymore either . JOHN oh yeah ? since when ? she look he in the eye . grin . savannah since that Zima back in 8th grade . he smile back at she . JOHN musta be one hell of a Zima . savannah that thing can knock you over , lemme tell ya . the waitress drop they teas off at the table . John order a bucket of shrimp as a appetizer and she 's off again . savannah so . do you dad get mad at you for come home late last night ? JOHN Nah . my dad ... my dad 's not the kinda guy who really get mad . savannah oh yeah ? what kinda guy be he then ? JOHN a quiet kinda one . Savannah study he , feel he out . 20 . savannah could be worse , I guess . JOHN I guess . the waitress drop the shrimp off . John wait for Savannah to take one first , but she do not . she just look at he . John sigh , realize he 's go to have to give she more . JOHN it 's no big deal . him and I ... we just do not talk very much . savannah why not ? John shrug . he break the standoff , start to peel a shrimp . JOHN I have my theory . Savannah snatch the shrimp out of he finger and eat it herself . she grin at he . savannah wow . that be good . I want to meet he . JOHN meet who ? my father ? Savannah nod . John hesitates . JOHN okay . savannah tonight . I want to meet he tonight . John hesitates again . JOHN that 's not quite what I have plan . savannah ( playfully ) and what do you have plan , exactly , John ? JOHN nothing , no that 's not -- I do not have any specific plan -- but they definitely do not involve my dad. 21 . Savannah peel John a shrimp now . her eye twinkle . savannah well ... guess we have get a change of plan then , huh ? back at john' house -- later John walk in the front door . Savannah follow . again , all the light be off except the one in he dad 's office . JOHN you be not gonna get much out of he . do not take it personally . Savannah nod . John lightly knock on the office door . JOHN dad ? get someone I want you to meet . Mr. tyree be focus on he coin , as usual , but he stand awkwardly when they enter . JOHN this be Savannah . she smile at he , offer out she hand . he shake it . savannah it 's really nice to meet you . Mr. tyree do not respond . silence fill the room . Mr. tyree glance back at he desk , which seem to offer he some comfort . Savannah follow he gaze . so do John . JOHN um -- my dad collect coin . it 's he big hobby . savannah really ? how interesting . Mr. tyree shrug , inching closer to he desk as Savannah look around the room . coin really be everywhere . savannah you have so many ! how have you get start in all of this ? Mr. tyree stand perfectly still , scratch he bald head . mr . tyree through John , actually . he glance over at John . John just look away . 22 . mr . tyree but they be not really he thing anymore . JOHN okay . anyhow , we should probably -- savannah tell I about this one . she pick up a very wear and fade penny off he desk . mr . tyree this one ? this one 's a mule . most all of this be mule , actually . Savannah glance at John , mouth " '' what 's a mule ? '' John roll he eye , shake he head -- trust I , you do not wanna know . Mr. tyree do not notice , however , too focus on the coin in Savannah 's hand . he politely but firmly take it away from she . obviously he do not like other people touch they . as he return the coin to it 's proper spot , John 's face burn with embarrassment . this be he father , antisocial to a fault . but then Mr. tyree look over he shoulder at Savannah , make eye contact with she for the first time . mr . tyree wanna see some more ? Savannah smile at he . and so John -- half annoyed , half amaze -- watch he father show off he collection . back at savannah 's beach house -- late that night John pull he father 's car into Savannah 's driveway . they sit in he car , neither in a rush for the night to end . savannah I like you dad . I like people that have a passion for life . JOHN he have a passion for coin . not the same . savannah Passion 's passion , John . he raise you all by himself ? JOHN ever since I can remember . I be two when my Mom leave . 23 . savannah have he always be that ... solitary ? JOHN ever since I can remember . savannah so what 's you theory ? on how come you guy do not talk ? John get quiet , look away . JOHN why ? savannah because I have a theory too and I want to see if it 's the same . John shrug , stare out the window into the ocean . JOHN I just ... I do not think we like each other , to tell you the truth . savannah John . come on . you be family . JOHN exactly . we be stick with one another -- it 's not like either of we have much choice in the matter . Savannah still do not say anything . she do not push he to talk , do not ask too many question , just wait he out . JOHN I ... well , I be a headache when I be young . I be a lot of trouble , I get kick out of school a few time . I think at some point he just musta figure -- enough be enough . he would rather deal with he coin than with I . his coin do not argue , and they do not talk back . John stop , suddenly self - conscious of how much he 's talk . JOHN why , what 's you theory ? Savannah smile back at he . savannah my theory 's a little different . 24 . she lean in , kiss he on the cheek . savannah do not be too hard on he , okay ? he love you . I can tell , even if you can not . then she get out , lean back into the window . the wind blow through she hair , and he do not take he eye off she . JOHN when can I see you again ? savannah when do you want to see I again ? JOHN as soon as possible . she look back at he . her eye do that twinkle thing . savannah as soon as possible then . then she turn and head up to the house . John watch she go , still unable to take he eye off she . back at john' house -- later John walk in the door . his father 's office light be still shine through the crack beneath the door . John walk past it , into he own bedroom . in the ocean -- the next day John out on he board , have position himself directly in front of Savannah 's place . the wave be good , but he keep miss they , too busy steal glance into the house . there be a lot of people milling around inside . but there 's no sign of Savannah . John grimace , miss another wave . a few hour later -- it 's get dark now . most of the surfer be head home . John , stay out , however , paddle in the water , eyeing the beach house . it 's quieter now -- the crowd 's head somewhere else , apparently -- and there 's still no sign of Savannah . in the beach house -- night now even quieter . only a few people snooze on the couch . 25 . then , finally , the front door open and Savannah enter , tired and sweaty . she look around , surprised at how quiet it be . on the deck -- Savannah walk out , look at the night sky . the deck and beach be empty , too -- only one figure still remain in the water . Savannah smile when she realize who it be . in the ocean -- it 's too dark for John to see the wave until they be almost on top of he , and even then it 's hard to measure they size . he miss a good wave , curse at himself under he breath . then he see the figure wait for he by the water . when he realize who it be , he smile too , and quickly paddle in . savannah Little late to be out , be not it ? JOHN Nah , I have the whole ocean to myself now . it 's quiet out there , it 's peaceful , it 's ... savannah ... dark ? JOHN and it 's dark . yes . very dark . where have you be all day ? she shrug . grin at he . savannah none of you business . JOHN you be on spring break . you be suppose to be loung around on the beach , waste the day away . you be not suppose to be out ... do thing . savannah you have you spring break , I will have mine . John step out of the water . JOHN what if I want yours , too ? she pause . then she smile again , and as she reach out to take he hand once again -- 26 . close on there hand --— -- as John help Savannah out of he car now . it 's a hour later , they have change clothes , and they be in front of : a half built house -- night now no one be around , but construction material be everywhere , and the house be clearly a work in progress . savannah the family that life here , they home be severely damage by Hurricane Dennis . so we rip it down and we be building they another one from scratch . we be a little behind schedule though . JOHN who 's we ? savannah habitat for humanity . I have be volunteering since I be little . JOHN wait a minute , let I get this straight . you have be secretly sneaking off every day ... to do manual labor . on a house for the needy . on you spring break . ( off she shrug ) okay , you be kinda make I nervous here . savannah why ? JOHN I be a little worried that you may be too good of a person for I . savannah I be not that good of a person . JOHN you do charity work for fun . savannah it 's not that fun . ( beat , then : ) okay . it 's pretty fun . JOHN you do not drink ... 27 . savannah nope . JOHN you do not smoke ... savannah no way . JOHN you probably do not sleep around . she move close , almost -- but not quite -- seductively , and she smile up at he . savannah absolutely not . John eye she . registers how close she be to he . JOHN you gotta have a fault in there somewhere . savannah sure . I have lot of they . JOHN well just name one . please . Cause I be get a little intimidate . Savannah narrow she eye at he . thinks . savannah I curse like a sailor . JOHN no you do not . you have not say a single bad word the entire time I have know you . savannah well I think they . there 's a never - end internal stream of cuss word go on up here . JOHN oh yeah ? what be you think right now ? savannah I can not say . but it 's filthy , I swear . Savannah grin , look he in the eye . they be very close now . 28 . savannah I have fault , John . I have plenty of they . you will see . John step even closer . Thunder rumble in the distance . JOHN hope so . Savannah do not take she eye off of he . they face be just inch apart . they be have a moment . then ... she grab he hand again . savannah c’mon . inside the house -- the concrete slab be set and the wooden framework be mostly complete , but there 's not even a roof yet . nevertheless , Savannah give John the grand tour under the open night sky . savannah this room be gonna be the boy wing back here ... and then -- oh , come on , I want to show you this . John follow she into another room of the house . savannah the Mom be a great cook , so this be gonna be a huge kitchen , and there 's gonna be one of that marble island right here , so -- look -- she point at a square in the wooden frame . through it be a partially obscure view of the beach . savannah ... so she can see the ocean while she cook . right then , rain drop begin to fall on the nonexistent marble island , light at first but get heavier quickly . savannah and there 's gonna be a roof , too , so she will not get wet while she cook . it 's one of that Southern spring shower that come on fast and strong , so they duck under a nearby overhang and wait for it to pass . John build a couple of makeshift seat with some crate . Savannah study he as he work . 29 . savannah where have you get you scar ? there 's a decent size scar on one of he eyebrow . he reflexively brushes it with he hand . JOHN knife fight . five year ago . Big guy , drunk as a skunk . dirtier than one , too . he be go for my eye . savannah oh my god . that 's terrible . JOHN why ? he miss . John help she up on one of the crate . savannah can I touch it ? John nod . she slowly run she finger over he eyebrow . savannah the way people act around you -- the way they treat you at that restaurant . it 's like they be scared of you . JOHN they be not scared of I . they be scared of who I use to be , maybe . savannah and who be that ? JOHN somebody different . the rain begin to come down even harder . savannah when do you change ? when you go into the army ? JOHN partly . she move closer to he . look he in the eye . savannah and the other part ? John look away . shrugs. 30 . JOHN still work on the other part . Savannah watch he . finally she smile . savannah so you use to be tough . and maybe you still be . but you do not scare I one bit , John . he smile back , lean in towards she . JOHN no ? well you scare I . then he kiss she . it start small , but it build into something much bigger . it become so intense that it 's a struggle to catch they breath . JOHN Jesus . Savannah straddle John . savannah you should not ... take the Lord 's ... name in ... ( as he kiss she harder ) oh Jesus . the rain around they get heavier and heavier . so do they . John start to take off she shirt . Savannah stop he . savannah John ... ( off he hesitation ) I be sorry . it 's just that I ... I have never actually ... quite , uh ... John suddenly realize what she mean . JOHN it 's okay . you do not have to explain . she look up at he , look into he eye , look at he scar . savannah I know I do not . I feel like I do not have to explain anything to you . she kiss he , pull he down beside she . savannah and that ... that scare I . 31 . they lay together , there on the crate . savannah can you see it ? what this house be go to be like when it 's do ? JOHN yes . I can . John look out at the ocean through the square where the kitchen window will be . savannah we only have two week leave , though . JOHN do not worry . you will finish . thunder roll in the distance . savannah I be not talk about the house . then , as they lay together while the rain pelt the wooden frame around they -- match CUT : on the house -- next day --— the rain have stop , the sun be out . Savannah arrive again , bright and early and ready to work . a few other volunteer be already here . Savannah head over to say hello -- and she mouth fall open . there 's John , up in the rafter , fitting a beam into it 's frame . he grin at she , nod a silent hello . qut in the ocean -- another day John hold he surfboard for a unsteady Savannah , teach she how to balance on it . a wave come and John lose he grip . Savannah fall into the water , disappear below it . John look around , can not find she . then she suddenly pop up behind he , push he down under the surface . up_on the beach -- Savannah 's friend Susan watch warily on as Savannah and John splash in the water , laugh and kissing , completely unaware of the world around they . 32 . back at the house -- another day the roof be be tar paper , the wall be be stuccoed . up front , Savannah and John work together to fit the kitchen ocean window into it 's frame . at the dinner table -- another night Three place have be set for once . Savannah , John , and Mr. tyree eat they meatloaf in a easy silence . in the kitchen -- later as Mr. tyree carefully measure out the exact right amount of detergent , then begin to load the dish into the sink -- in the hallway --— Savannah 's head to the bathroom when John pull she into he bedroom . he gently pin she against the wall , kiss she on she shoulder , she neck , she lip . Savannah start to get into it . she glance out in the hall , see Mr. tyree stand over the sink , he back to they but still only foot away . JOHN do not worry . he get very focus . back in the bedroom , John can not keep he hand off she . she grin up at he . savannah yeah , so do you . she make she escape by slip out from under he arm , but John grab she by the waist , pull she onto the bed . Savannah laugh , roll right over he back onto solid ground . John make a couple of playful swipe at she leg . she put a hand on he forehead , mockingly hold he at arm 's distance . then John break free and Savannah shriek , ducking by he again , jump into -- he closet -- -- where she slide the door shut and hold it close , laugh harder now . but then , when she realize what 's surround she , the smile wipe off she face . she stare at the clothes hang in this closet . clothes she 's never see John wear . 33 . here be indoor and outdoor fatigue . here be a pair of urban camos . and here be two blue dress uniform . she 's alone in this four foot box , surround by reminder of who he be , and where he 's go . at the habitat for humanity house -- the next night -- it 's dark and empty , but almost finish now . the roof be do and the exterior be almost all paint . a lot have be accomplish in the past six day . over at savannah 's beach house -— John walk up the driveway to find the front door wide open . Inside , a end-of - spring - break party be go strong . the house be more crowded than ever . John walk in , look around for Savannah . she 's nowhere to be find . outside -- plenty of people be around the bonfire , as well , include Randy and Susan and she boyfriend . Savannah 's neighbor , Tim , be over on he deck next door , chat with a couple kide . nearby , he son Alan have he nose in he game Boy , as usual . John look all around , but Savannah 's not out here . then he glance down the beach , see a lone figure down on the pier . near the bonfire -- -- through the flame , Randy ignore the girl yammering next to he as he watch John head up the beach , alone . at the end of the pier -- Savannah sit on the edge , she back to John . JOHN you be miss the party . she startles , try to wipe she tear away before he see . savannah it 's manage just fine without I . JOHN ( notice the tear ) what 's wrong ? she wipe she eye again , try to pretend she do not know what he 's talk about . John 's not buy it , though . Savannah sigh , give up the act . she look straight at he . 34 . savannah I be die , John . John react . but Savannah roll she eye . savannah sheesh . I be not die , you sap . do I look like I be die ? quit be so melodramatic . John glare at she , not amused . Savannah shrug . savannah I be just sad cause it 's almost over . John turn . know she 's not talk about spring break . JOHN Savannah . it 's not almost over . savannah I leave tomorrow . I have to be in class on Monday , and you have to be on a airplane overseas -- JOHN but I will be back . twelve month until my commitment be up and I 'il be back for good . savannah a lot can happen between now and then , okay ? do not sit here and make I promise -- JOHN I will sit here and make you promise . and I will keep they , too . ( off she silence ) you think you be worried about promise ? I be the one who 's gotta go over there -- wherever there be . I be the one who 's gotta go to sleep alone in that tent or that barrack or that hut , hope that tomorrow might be the day you will call or you 's 1ll write , hope that tomorrow will not be the day you forget about I , that tomorrow will not be the day you meet some great new guy at the Friday night sigma nu mixer who ’1ll make you realize wait for I be not worth it anymore . 35 . savannah John ... you have obviously never be to a Friday night sigma nu mixer . she smile . he squeeze she hand . she look John do JOHN it 's a helluva jump . but we take it together . at he ... then she kiss he hard . JOHN I all be back for you graduation . then we figure out what 's next . savannah well ... graduation may take I a little longer now . I decide to switch major . JOHN really ? when ? savannah I dunno . sometime this week , though , spend all this time with you dad . you be gonna laugh but -- I want to teach special education . I want to help people . laugh . JOHN you do not say . savannah I do not know why it take I so long to realize it . I grow up next door to Alan . he 's always be draw to I for some reason , and I be draw to he too , and I be just , I be not draw to marketing , you know ? I do not care about marketing , and I do not think it make any sense to get a degree in something I do not care about . ( off he grin ) what ? JOHN nothing . I just do not care about marketing either . in fact , I do not give a shit about marketing . so I think it 's great . ( more ) 36 . JOHN ( cont would ) when I get back I 'il move to Chapel Hill , I will get a job somewhere , you will get you special Ed degree , and neither of we ' 1ll ever think about marketing again for the rest of we life . ( be : a nearby nike advertisement ) hey , I like that shoe . Savannah laugh . they stare out at the water together . JOHN how do hang around my dad make you come to a decision like that ? he say it with a smile -- not suspicious at all . but Savannah look down , pull away from John slightly . she hesitates , try to pick the right word . savannah there ... be sign , John . you have see they yourself , even if you do not realize you be see they . JOHN wait -- what ? savannah I just think there 's a explanation for why he be the way he be , a medical reason that might account for he ... deficiency -- JOHN deficiency ? hold up , what be you say ? you say he 's retarded or something ? savannah no , of course not . I be just say he do show some classic sign of mild autism -- JOHN whoa whoa . autism ? you think he 's like Alan ? savannah Alan be severely autistic , but there be milder case , too , functional case that go undiagnose all the time . there 's something call asperger 's syndrome , and I think you dad -- 37 . JOHN you do not know shit about my dad , okay ? you have meet he twice . John stand up . glare down at she . JOHN you let he show you he coin for a half hour and all of a sudden you be he doctor and he psychiatrist ? all of a sudden you have get a couple phd 's and you be a expert on my father ? savannah no . no , I be not say -- she grab he hand , but he rip it away . JOHN I have live with he my whole life , okay ? I have put up with he my whole life . I know he 's not normal . you think I need you to tell I he 's not normal ? she try to grab he hand again , but John yank it away again , then turn and start to walk away . savannah John , wait ! John ! but John do not stop . by the bonfire -— - Randy see John stalk back towards the house . Randy finish a beer and call out to he , emboldene by alcohol . randy trouble in paradise ? John do not answer . Randy glance over at the pier , see Savannah hunch over in the distance . randy what happen ? hold on -- do you hurt she or something ? John still do not answer . Randy step in front of he . randy if you laid a finger on she -- 38 . JOHN what ? what be you gonna do ? ( off he silence ) just get out of my way , okay ? but Randy do not . people around they start to notice . randy you think you be so tough . you be Mr. tough Army guy , be not you ? well I do not give a shit who you be , you be not go anywhere until I know she 's okay . JOHN get out of my way . I be not gonna ask you again . John try to walk through he , but Randy shove he back . John do he best to stay calm . he take a deep breath -- then walk around Randy -- but Randy shove he back again . so John square off . take a step directly at he -- -- and Randy make the mistake of try to throw a punch . John catch he fist , yank it behind Randy 's back , and give he a quick , debilite shot to the solar plexis . Susan 's boyfriend ( yellow shirt ) be already charge at John , but one quick right jab send he straight into the sand too . then there 's a voice from behind -- hey ! -- and then a hand on John 's shoulder -- and John reflexively swing he elbow up -- cause a nose to audibly crunch . John turn to find Tim , already sink to he knee , he nose already a bloody mess . it 's all over in a flash . Savannah hurry up from the pier , take in all three guy , crumpled over and in pain . she look up at John , aghast . savannah what would you do ? John look back at she . regret already flash on he face . but there 's nothing he can say . so -- on a road -- five minute later John tromp down the side of the road . headlights from the occasional car illuminate he as they pass by . but this time , none stop for he . John walk home , alone . 39 . back at john' house -- that night John shut the front door behind he . as always , he father 's office light be the only one on in the house . the door to he office be crack . John push it open . Mr. tyree be in the same spot , he back to the door , go over he coin collection as usual . he either do not hear John behind he , or just pretend not to . John stand in the door and silently watch he father work . outside savannah 's beach house -- the next day John pace back and forth in the driveway , unsure of whether he should go knock on the front door or not . he hesitates ... .+- and then just as he decide it 's probably best for he to leave , the front door open and Susan walk out , towing a suitcase . she stop when she see John . susan she 's not here . and you should not be , either . if they see you , there 's just gonna be more trouble . JOHN Randy and you boyfriend ... be they okay ? susan they 'il be fine . John pause . decide what else there be to say . JOHN will you just ... will you let she know I stop by ? susan ( be : she suitcase ) I be head home right now . John nod . get the picture . JOHN well ... tell the other I be sorry . he turn , start to walk down the driveway . Susan load she bag in she car , then call after he . susan I have know she for a long time , John . I have never see she like this . 40 . JOHN she 's angry . I get that . but -- susan that 's not what I mean . I have see she angry plenty of time , trust I . ( off he confusion ) I mean that before you go all heart of darkness yesterday , I would never see she this happy . she get in she car , turn it on , then roll down the window . susan you have come this far . do not screw it up now . with that , she put the car in gear and drive away . as John watch she go , he notice that -- next door -— — -- Tim be take the garbage out . he have a serious shiner and he nose have be set . JOHN Jesus . tim ( be : he nose ) when this thing come off I be gonna look so tough , you have no idea . JOHN Tim ... I swear , I do not realize it be you back there -- tim it 's my fault . I do not know what I be think , sneaking up behind a angry Green beret like that . he look over at Savannah 's house , quickly suss out what John 's do here . he nod towards the door . tim I be not sure if she 's leave yet . she normally say goodbye before she go back , but ... JOHN if you see she , will you give she a message for I ? 41 . tim sure . wanna write it down ? he pull a pen out of he pocket and a toss away phone bill from the top of the garbage , hand they to John . Tim head over to dump the trash out , give John some privacy . John write something down . it do not take long . then he fold the paper and as he hold it out to Tim -- back at john' house --— Mr. tyree pull two trays of lasagna out of the oven . John walk in , nod hello to he dad . mr . tyree I do not know if anybody else might be come , so I make double . John glance at the two trays , surprised at the divergence from the norm . JOHN okay . I ’'1l set the table . mr . tyree already do . John walk into the dining room . it 's be set for three . John pause . then remove one of the setting . Mr. tyree watch he from the kitchen , but do not say anything . in the dine room -- later one of the lasagna trays be empty , the other sit untouched . John 's just push he food around , watch he dad . JOHN guess you be gonna have some leftover for once . Mr. tyree shrug . consider the untouched lasagna . mr . tyree I will freeze that . have it next Sunday . he nod to himself , satisfied with he plan . then go back to he dinner . John keep watch he . JOHN it 's be good , dad . be home again . 42 . Mr. tyree look up . have no idea what to say in response . he glance away , out the window . mr . tyree hey , John ? John follow he gaze to see -- Savannah , get out of she car in they driveway . John glance at he dad , who just shoot he a look back . the look say : well what be you wait for ? outside -- John hurry out to greet Savannah . savannah get you note . she hold it up . we still can not see what it say . savannah short and to the point . I like that . JOHN listen ... I be really sorry -- savannah I be the one who need to apologize . I have no business -- no , John , I mean it . I be not a doctor , I be not even close , and I have no business pretend like I be . John glance at the house . Mr. tyree quickly turn back to he dinner . John sigh . JOHN I have be watch he today ... savannah John . really . I be not a doctor . I have no idea what I be talk about . she turn he head away from he dad , back towards she . savannah I be head back to school , but I have to make sure . you still take that jump with I ? John grin , relieved , and kiss she . JOHN already do . 43. Savannah pull a seal envelope out of she purse . savannah you write you first letter to I . so I write my first one to you . John take it , start to open it . Savannah stop he . savannah do not read it till I be go , okay ? John nod . tuck the note carefully in he back pocket . then he take Savannah by the hand and pull she towards the house . JOHN come have some lasagna . my dad make extra for you . savannah I can not stay long . John look back at she . smile sadly . JOHN I know . montage of image : inside the house -- Mr. tyree , John , and Savannah sit down to eat , together . savannah's voice dear John ... at her car -- John and Savannah make out like teenager . savannah's voice two week together . that 's all it take . from inside the house -- Mr. tyree be watch John -- who 's watch Savannah -- who 's drive away . savannah's voice two week for I to fall for you . in savannah 's car -- tear fall down she face as she watch John disappear in the rearview mirror . savannah's voice now we have one year apart . but that 's all it will take . at the bus station -- John 's in uniform ( green beret and all ) . he shake he father 's hand , then board the bus . 44 , savannah's voice and what 's one year apart , after two week like that together ? inside the bus -- John watch Mr. tyree make he way back to he car , head down , avoid everybody possible . savannah's voice you tell I you want to make I promise . promise you would keep . John pull out Savannah 's letter . carefully open it , take great care not to crease the page ( it 's obvious he 's read it plenty of time already ) . savannah's voice but I only want one promise from you , during this year we spend apart . on a plane now -- John 's in the middle seat between two other uniform soldier . savannah's voice tell I everything . it 's dark , and everybody in the cabin except John be sleep . savannah's voice write it all down , John . scribble it in a notebook . type it out . email it to I . I do not care . but I want to know everything . John be unable to sleep . he flip on the overhead light ( the only one on in the whole cabin ) . he carefully pull out Savannah 's letter , unfold it , read it again . savannah's voice that way , we will be with each other all the time -- even if we be not with each other at all . and somehow we will get through this . together . he turn to the very last page . the very last sentence be : savannah's voice so we will talk soon then ? John run he finger over it . JOHN we will talk soon then . on the plane -- as it touch down in the afternoon sun . 45 . on the tarmac -- John exit the plane , shield he eye from the glare . walk down the staircase onto the german soil beneath a massive Army base in stuttgart , Germany . in a barracks -- John walk in to find the rest of he 12 man team here as well , all unpack from they leave . John greet everybody warmly -- they be clearly a close - knit unit . staff sargeant tony butler ( nickname noodle ) whoops when he see John . John grin back at he . JOHN noodle ! how be Atlantic City ? noodles ugh . you do not wanna know . JOHN C ’mon . how 's shante do ? noodles ugh . I do not wanna know . JOHN you be kid . you two be already over ? noodles two grand on call card over the past six month , down the drain . very little return on investment there , my accountant will not be pleased . ( off John 's grin ) hey , but the good news be -- I be back . I be single again ! come on , you and I , prowling the street of Germany together ? sprechen sie deutsch ! John do not answer ... and noodle can immediately read it all over he face . noodles ah shit . you meet a girl ? ( off John 's face ) Son of a -- you be kid I . John ... the girl ? you meet the girl ? in two week ? John shrug -- what can he say ? noodle smirk . noodles yeah yeah , whatever . I have be there before -- we will see what you be say six month from now . 46 . JOHN I be not like you , noodle . I do not fall in love with every girl who give I a blow job and a smile . noodles c'mon . we both know they do not need to smile . ( off John 's look ) look , I be happy for you , I be . I be just say we will see how happy you be six month from now , that 's all . John shrug again -- he know what he know . then he turn back to he bag , but just as he start to unload he gear -- voice from behind do not bother unpack , guy . John turn to find that captain jason stone have enter the barrack . no one salute he -- no need , they be not that kind of unit -- but everyone do groan . Stone just shrug . and so then the montage begin again -- at the asscrack of dawn -- as the 12 Green beret load they gear onto a small turboprop plane . john' voice dear Savannah . I promise . up in the AIR -- while the rest of he team sleep , John concentrate on write this letter to Savannah . JOHN 's voice I promise I will write all the time . I promise I will tell you everything . but be patient with I , because it may take a while for this letter to get back to you . in a blackhawk helicopter now -- the man look out over the barren African landscape . john' voice we have already be dispatch out on a field assignment . the helicopter touch down -- in a empty dirt field . a shirtless african boy watch they file off the copter . john' voice the problem be , the local postal service here do not appear to be all that reliable . 47 . JOHN and the men -- walk through a African '' neighborhood '' ( in the loosest sense of the word ) . John stare at a mail box in front of a '' house '' , which be topple over in the dirt . inside the deserted house -- John walk in . the light switch do not even work . there 's no electricity at all . john' voice Internet connection do not appear all that reliable , either , so I will have to send everything from here out by airmail . on another copter -- drop off food and supplies for the troops . John pull the letter out of he pocket , hand it to the airman , shout instruction over the whir of the chopper . john' voice and unfortunately , it 's against regulation for I to tell you exactly where ' here 's be . JOHN 's letter -- be throw into a batch of other letter , wheeled into a military post office . john' voice not that I care about regulation . but the Lieutenant in Germany who 's probably read this do . in a windowless room -- a american lieutenant armed with nothing but a letter opener skim through John 's letter . john' voice gute tag , Lieutenant . the Lieutenant roll he eye . in the belly of another cargo plane -- John 's letter sit atop a huge pile of other mail . john' voice so all I can tell you be that the place we have be send make I miss America very much . in a US post office -- John 's letter be sort and stack . john' voice the lack of anything resembling a tree make I miss North Carolina . a mailman -- take a sip of he morning coffee , unlock he truck . it 's pack with mail , already preload . he sigh , turn on the engine , start another day . 48 . john' voice the lack of anything resembling a ocean make I miss wilmington . on a wall of college postboxe -- Savannah casually open up box number 232 , pull out a bill , a catalog , a magazine ... john' voice and everything around I make I miss you . ..- then finally , John 's letter . Savannah 's face light up . she drop the rest of the mail , rip it open . and the montage end . on the campus GREEN -- day Savannah sit on a bench outside a lecture hall , read John 's letter until she 's interrupt by : randy wow . you be in this class ? I be in this class . she look up at he evenly . savannah I can not remember ever see you . he give she a easy grin . randy that 's because I can not remember ever actually come . in history CLASS -- later Savannah sit next to Randy , listen to the professor lecture about the Battle of the bulge . the accompany slide of war be brutal and jarring . Savannah stare at they , she mind racing . on a slide -- of a WWII soldier stare past the camera , bundle up in full uniform , heavy snow fall around he . but back in africa -- -- John be a study in contrast . there 's no snow here , nothing close , and John 's not even wear a uniform . but he 's just as uncomfortable . John swat at a enormous fly , sweat uncontrollably , as he stand with he team in front of a hundred african rebel . 49 . but Stone overlook John as he send the rest of the team out on they individual assignment . so John step up . JOHN hey Captain ? captain stone ammo duty , tyree ... and son ? no rank in the field , okay ? John nod , then head off into the sweltering heat . later -- time pass ( over score ) as -- -- the soldier separate the rebel into group . one group learn how to load a gun . one group learn how to shoot . one group learn the art of camouflage . later -- -- John sit on a porch next to sargeant Don rooney ( 100 % Mississippi hick , nickname rooster ) , enjoy some idle time . John write a letter to Savannah while rooster watch some native boy play soccer . two nearby african watch rooster . rooster spit out a giant hunk of chew . the other man copy he exactly . they be quick study . on the blackhawk helicopter -- the next week as John hand the pilot two of he letter to Savannah . JOHN get any mail from the States ? helicopter pilot sorry . probably 'il be in the air drop . the Pilot get back in the chopper , prepare it for takeoff . at the supply drop -- day later two dirt cloud settle . noodle and John unpack the booty . noodle find the correspondence folder first ... noodles let 's see , nothing for I , nothing for I , what a surprise ... ( then he get to the end ) sorry , man . nothing for you , either . John react . his disappointment be obvious . 50 . another drop -- a week later noodle sort through the letter again , then look up at John apologetically . John 's confuse . JOHN but it 's be two week . noodle shrug . it 's not much consolation . another drop -- a week later noodle sort through the letter once again . John look on anxiously . noodle glance up from the folder , downbeat ... .-- but then he grin and hold up seven letter , all from Savannah . John can not help it -- he grab noodle , hug he . in NORTH CAROLINA --— Savannah lay in bed , write John one of that letter . savannah's voice dear John . I be back at my parent 's ranch for the weekend , and they have some other houseguest you may know . voice from downstair Savannah ! they be here ! Savannah carefully put the letter aside , hurry downstair -- -- to find Tim and Alan there with she mother and father . Alan sprint over to Savannah , and she lift he into a hug . outside -- later Savannah and Alan ride horse , side by side . savannah's voice I take Alan out riding with I today . it be he first time on a horse . they be move at a slow trot , but Alan whisper something to he horse , and the horse start to canter . Savannah 's a little worried at first , but Alan 's in complete control . savannah's voice you have hear of horse sense -- how horse be somehow able to sense danger , to sense out evil ? well I think autistic kid have that , too . as they start to gallop , Savannah watch the horse whinny once to Alan . it make Alan smile . 51 . savannah's voice Alan do not really say very much , and he horse do not either . but they understand each other perfectly . back at savannah 's parent house -— Tim watch in amazement as Alan eat ice cream , laugh at something . Tim lean over to Savannah , nod at he son . tim I have never see he like this . I have never see he this relaxed . Savannah watch Alan . a smile grow on she face . savannah's voice so I have this idea . this dream . I want to open up a camp , a summer camp , for autistic kid . a place where they can learn how to take care of horse . and the horse can learn how to take care of they . she watch Alan , laugh to herself . her eye become moist . savannah's voice whaddaya think ? pipe dream , huh ? in africa -- nighttime John rest against a fence , Savannah 's seven letter spread around he . he finish the letter we just hear . nearby , two of the other soldier , berry and stark , listen to american music with some of the african . Lady marmalade be play , and the african do not seem too impressed . John watch they for a second , then pull out he pen . john' voice dear Savannah . I get seven of you letter all at once this morning . so it 's be a very good day . back in NORTH CAROLINA -- Savannah read this letter under a poplar tree on campus . JOHN 's voice but we both might want to number we letter from here on out , just in case this happen again . a friend sit next to she . Savannah do not even look up . 52 . john' voice and no . it 's not a pipe dream . it 's a perfect dream . quick montage -- as month pass -- of John and Savannah , read , write , mailing . savannah's voice letter number ten . dear John ... letter number fifteen ... letter number twenty - one ... John take great care to save each letter , keep they in a careful stack that be already a few inch high ... john' voice ( overlap ) letter number thirty - three ... dear Savannah . the good news be we have be send somewhere new -- although I can not tell you where that be , either . weider gute tag , Lieutenant ! on a deserted road -- John and he team trek through a depress city that look vaguely Eastern european . john' voice the bad news be , this new place actually make I miss the old place . on the moon -- as John stare up at it . john' voice but it 's a full moon here tonight , which make I think of you . he stick he finger out , cover the moon with he thumb -- JOHN 's voice because I know that no matter what I be do , no matter where I be , this moon will always be the same size as yours , half a world away . while back in wilmington -- Savannah be do the exact same thing with she moon . savannah's voice dear John . most night I fall asleep worry about you . wonder where you might be out there . but not tonight . 53 . she 's on the pier again , yard away from where they first meet . savannah's voice tonight you be here with I . at mr . tyree 's house -— - Mr. tyree be in he office with he coin , as usual , when the doorbell ring . he look up , surprised . he open the front door -— — -- to reveal a smile Savannah , carry a homemade pie . savannah's voice I visit you dad yesterday . summer 's almost over , and I want to see he before I go back to school again . I hope that 's okay . at the dine room table -- Mr. tyree set two place . savannah's voice he make I dinner -- it be Sunday , so we have lasagna -- and I get he talk about he coin , so we have plenty of conversation . in he office -- Mr. tyree take Savannah on another tour of he collection . mr . tyree this one 's kind of a cull , so you have to look really close to see the double indentation , but it 's there . savannah a cull ? mr . tyree yeah , it 's what the one in really bad shape be call . coin be normally grade on a scale from 0 to 70 , but cull be below zero , the bottom of the barrel . they be basically worthless to collector . savannah but not to you ? mr . tyree no . not to I . 54 . Savannah watch Mr. tyree sort through he coin . savannah do you have a favorite ? out of all of this , be there one that 's you absolute favorite ? mr . tyree ( without much hesitation ) the ' 78 jefferson mule . definitely . he open he desk door , carefully remove the glass encase nickel ( though it look more like a penny ) , show it off . savannah why this one ? be it worth the most ? mr . tyree it 's worth a lot . not the most . savannah must be a good story behind it , huh ? Mr. tyree shrug , he face draw . mr . tyree not really my story to tell . savannah well ... whose story be it then ? somewhere in eastern europe -— John sit outside , finish up Savannah 's letter . savannah's voice so I will ask you instead , John , wherever you may be ... the last word on the page be : what 's the story ? John grimace . look around at he surroundings . then dutifully pick up a pen and paper and start to write . john' voice dear Savannah . only because I do promise to tell you everything . at a ice cream shop -- flashback young JOHN busy a double scoop of mint chocolate chip . the man behind the counter hand John he change . john' voice when I be seven year old , I buy a ice cream cone . 55 . down the STREET -— John pass a surf shop and a vend machine sell bouncy ball for a quarter . John dig in he pocket for some change . john' voice on my way home , I notice one of the penny -- be not actually a penny . he ignore the penny at first , go for the quarter ... then stop , take a second look . back at he father 's house -- Mr. tyree hold the penny up to the light . he be perplex . at a flea market -- a coin dealer hold the penny under a magnify glass now . through the glass ( although John and he father can not see this ) the Dealer 's eye widen . but when he look up at they , he expression be normal -- bored even . coin dealer it 's a mule . ( off they blank stare ) a mule . a error coin . every now and then they make a mistake , a batch accidentally slip through . this one -- head 's a penny , tail 's a nickel . thing 's a mule . they be really more of a novelty than anything else . the Dealer sigh , lazily open up he cash register . john' voice remember the horse sense you be talk about ? coin dealer tell you what . since the kid find it , I will buy it anyway . 20 buck . he wink at John , who 's thrilled . but Mr. tyree be not . mr . tyree no thank you . he abruptly walk away . John 's bum -- he be already spend that twenty buck in he head . the Dealer call after they ... but Mr. tyree do not turn around . john' voice well my dad have it too . 56 . at another coin shop -- a second dealer 's eye widen under he own magnify glass . second dealer I ' 1l be damned ... you know what this be ? you know how much this be worth ? Mr. tyree and John shake they head . the second Dealer dig through a pile nearby ( there be pile of everything stack everywhere ) finally find what he 's look for . it 's a clipped magazine article call the holy grail of mule . John and he dad flip through it , see sentence like : -..one of the rarest US mint mule in existence ... .-- have fetch up to four thousand dollar at auction ... and right next to the article be a picture of they exact same coin . now it 's johns 's turn for he eye to widen . second dealer listen , I will give you the full four grand for that thing right now . but -- you want some advice ? dad to dad ? Mr. tyree glance up at he but do not say a word . second dealer keep it . just hold on to it . pass it down to you son , have you son pass it down to he son , and forty , fifty , one hundred year from now ... you 'il have something worth much more than four grand , I promise you . Mr. tyree consider he . then look down at John deferentially , let he know -- this one 's up to you . John pause ... and then he grin back at he dad . at a coin show -- row and row of dealer . John and Mr. tyree scour they all . john' voice at first I love it , chase after this mule with my father . we finally have something to talk about , something we could do together . another coin show -— - John have grow , 12 year old now , and be much more interested in the baseball card at the next display case . 57 . Mr. tyree 's focus be unwaver , though . he point a dealer to one mule in particular , pull out he wallet . john' voice but he become obsessed with they . you know how he be . another coin show -- -- where John , fifteen now , can barely hide he contempt . john' voice then I become a teenager . and you know how I be . back at home -- eighteen year old JOHN open a old GREEN refrigerator and drink some milk out of the gallon . JOHN I be not drive all the way up to wooster for another goddamn coin show , dad . Jesus . Mr. tyree stand silently at the doorway , he coat already on . JOHN you spend all we money on that stupid coin . how about you buy a fridge that work , for chrissake . John shut the fridge , walk past he into the live room , and do not see the hurt that crease he father 's face . in he office -- late at night Mr. tyree sequester himself away with he grow collection . john' voice eventually , he stop talk about coin with I altogether . the front door open . Mr. tyree turn hopefully ... john' voice and when that happen , we find there just be not all that much leave to talk about . ..- but then he hear John walk into he bedroom and shut the door . Mr. tyree look down at they ' 78 jefferson nickel mule . john' voice so that 's the story . I miss you so much it hurt . 58 . on campus -- back in the present it be morning , and the campus be still sleepy . Savannah read John 's letter under she poplar tree , as usual , and when she finish she look up , affect by it . there 's a group of people gather around a tv in the nearby cafeteria . no one speak . they body language seem off . something be wrong . Savannah get up to see what 's the matter . in eastern europe --— ten time zone to the east , John 's late for dinner . he push open a door , walk into they makeshift mess hall ... .»- but no one 's eat . they be all gather around a small tv here , too . John head over to take a peek . he 's confuse at first , not understanding what he 's look at . JOHN what be that ? be that the Empire State Building ? stark no , tyree . that 's the World Trade Center . the rest of the team stare at the tv , take in this image that we cannot see . no one speak . no one say another word . in stuttgart , germany -- day John and the rest of the team sit in a briefing room . fall 2001 Captain Stone walk in . captain stone just get off the phone with C - team . we ship out on Thursday . rooster about damn time ! let 's go kick some afghani ass ! captain stone we be not go to Afghanistan , Don . we be go to Serbia . noodles Serbia ? what the hell 's in Serbia ? 59 . Stone shrug . stays perfectly calm . captain stone we order . in a SMALL airplane -- day it 's a bumpy ride , and the plane be too small for twelve people . Captain Stone stand up front to address he troops . captain stone okay , listen up . as you guy know , the world 's change a whole heck of a lot in the past three week . the plane hit a big air pocket . Stone grimace through it . captain stone the Army have ask anyone who 's up for separation within the next year to reenlist for another tour right now . at this point , reupping be still voluntary . I want to stress that . and this do not even apply to all of we -- personally , I be not eligible to leave till next December . he pause , look around at he troops . captain stone but I reupped this morning anyway . now if any of you would like to follow suit , let I ko -- rooster I be not goin nowhere , Captain . other neither be I . / I neither . one by one , the soldier all volunteer to reenlist . in the back of the plane the last two to speak up , John and noodle , trade a heavy look . then noodle shrug . noodles what 's two more year ? I be in , too . on john' face -- heavy and torture ... the top of a bunk bed -- night all the other soldier snore around he , but John just stare up into space , he face just as heavy and just as torture ... 60 . in a bathroom mirror -- morning John brushes he tooth , stare at he reflection , he face still the same . there 's a knock on the door . captain stone I need to talk to you . John follow he out into the hall . JOHN I need to talk to you , too . listen -- captain stone I be put you on the next plane back to Germany . JOHN what ? why ? captain stone you have be grant a week of emergency leave . I try to get you more , but it 's just tough right now . JOHN emergency leave ? what happen ? Captain Stone pause . look he in the eye . captain stone it 's you father , John . on a airplane -- Flying over the Atlantic Ocean , not a cloud in the sky . inside the airplane -— John stare out the window , down into the water . at_an airport in NORTH CAROLINA -- John 's plane touch down on the runway . in a sterile yellow waiting area -- Savannah sit in a uncomfortable chair , distractedly flipping through a magazine without actually read it . then she cell phone ring -- she snatch it up , answer it immediately . savannah John ? have you land ? 61 . back on the plane -— the main door open and passenger begin to de-board . John , cell phone up to he ear , politely but firmly force he way through the mass of people . JOHN how be he ? savannah 's voice he 's fine , I be just with he . JOHN he 's fine ? what do you mean by fine ? savannah 's voice I mean he 's recover . the heart attack be follow by a minor stroke -- minor , John , minor , no permanent effect . it 's good news , I promise . the doctor say he 's recoup ahead of schedule -- they think they be actually gonna release he in a couple day . John step out of the corridor arm into the terminal . relief wash over he face . JOHN so he 's okay ? savannah 's voice he 's okay . John finally smile , hurry through the bustling terminal . JOHN alright . I just have to get my bag and catch a cab and I ’1l1 be there . in 1l see you in a half hour or so -- savannah 's voice John . I be here . John freeze , look around at all the stranger around he . he search everywhere , but she 's nowhere to be find . JOHN what do you mean you be here ? savannah 's voice I mean I be here at the airport . they will not let anybody go to the gate anymore after what happen , but I be here . I be by baggage claim . 62 . John look up . he 's stand a few yard away from a escalator , and above it be a sign read baggage claim below . he 's suddenly grip with the realization : he 's actually about to see she again . he swallow hard . JOHN well I ... I guess I will see you ina minute then ? down at baggage claim -- Savannah 's in the same sterile yellow wait area as before , but now we notice a luggage conveyor behind she , which have just switch on . she smile widely , giddy at the idea . savannah i’1l see you in a minute then . she hang up the phone , stare at the escalator in front of she . let it sink in : she 's actually about to see he again . and then the smile immediately wipe off she face , too . she turn and hurry into the bathroom . in a bathroom upstair -- John splashes water on he face . stare at he reflection . he 's tired and it show -- he 's definitely look better . nothing he can do about it now though . he nervously glance at the bathroom door , know he have to walk through it eventually . in a bathroom downstair -- Savannah touch up she makeup , cover up a blemish that nobody but she would ever notice . nothing else she can do about it now , either . she look at she bathroom door , know she have to walk back through it too . outside the door -- Savannah nervously walk out of the bathroom , look up at the escalator . the stair roll downward , but nobody 's on they . Savannah can not take she eye off the empty escalator . then , finally -- a pair of foot appear -- and she heart jump in she chest . the rest of John follow . they make eye contact . Savannah 's eye fill with tear . she 's thrilled and scared at the exact same time . John 's eye fill with relief . she 's even more beautiful than he remember . 63 . as soon as he step off the escalator Savannah be there , hugging he hard , hold on tight , refuse to let go . in the car -- twenty minute later Savannah drive . John 's beside she . neither of they speak . instead , Savannah habitually flip through the radio station . one after another after another , indiscriminately jump between dj 's and commercial and perfectly good song . finally , after the tenth flip in as many second , John gently grab she hand . Savannah know he can sense she nervousness . savannah sorry . John smile over at she , but do not speak . which do not do much to calm Savannah 's nerve . the silence linger on way too long for she comfort , so finally she blurt out the first thing that pop in she head -- savannah so . feel good to be back ? John look at she , still do not answer . Savannah grimace , know that be a stupid question under the circumstance . savannah I be sorry . wow , I do not ... god. ( after a pause ) you know , every time I sit down to write you a letter I have think -- what I would not give to be able to say all that word to you in person . but now here you be and I can not think of a single good thing to say . John squeeze she hand . look out the window . JOHN it 's okay . I do not mind the silence . she look over at he , watch he stare out at nothing . at new hanover hospital -- a half hour later John stare into he father 's room with a equally blank look on he face . Inside , Mr. tyree be asleep in a hospital bed , surround my medical equipment , frailer than he 's ever be . Savannah see how uncomfortable John be , take he by the hand . 64 . savannah let 's wake he up . I know he want to see you . but John do not budge . he just stand there in the hallway , stare at he dad , until he finally shake he head . JOHN Nah . might as well let he sleep a little more . in the hospital parking lot -- later John 's walk Savannah to she car . savannah I want to stay , though , I do . if it be not for this stupid midterm ... JOHN Savannah . please do not feel guilty . you have do too much already . Savannah eye he . see the bag under he eye . savannah you okay ? JOHN yeah . it 's just ... it 's just be one hell of a month . Savannah kiss he . open she door . savannah I will be back after my parent 's party , okay ? John nod . she touch he scar , smile at he . savannah I hate the circumstance . but I be so glad you be home . she get in she car . John watch she drive away . in the hospital room -- a few day later John and a nurse help a very frail Mr. tyree into a wheelchair . John push he out into the hallway . back at home -- Mr. tyree sit on the couch , watch John make Saturday meatloaf in the kitchen . his expression be tough to read . 65 . in the dine room -- John and Mr. tyree eat slice of meatloaf . Mr. tyree pause . mr . tyree how much salt do you add ? JOHN Three teaspoon . like you tell I . mr . tyree I say two teaspoon . Mr. tyree take another bite anyway . he do not , however , look up at he son . in mr . tyree '’s bedroom -- Mr. tyree be in bed , under the cover . John 's by the door . JOHN anything else I can get you ? mr . tyree no. goodnight , John . John flip off the light . JOHN ' night , dad . the next day -- John 's in the kitchen , make dinner again . Mr. tyree hobble in , look over John 's shoulder at he work . mr . tyree John , it 's pasta , then meat , then cheese , then pasta again . JOHN that 's what I be do . Mr. tyree do not respond . instead he step up next to John , take the meat himself , and start spread a new layer . mr . tyree you follow with the ricotta . John do as he 's tell . mr. tyree evenly now , spread it even . good . that 's good . 66 . pull away from John and Mr. tyree , father and son , stand side by side , finish the lasagna together . in the dine room -- later they eat in silence . mr . tyree you should go see she . John look up at he . know he 's talk about Savannah . JOHN Nah . I be here to take care of you . mr . tyree I can take care of myself . he do not glance up , continue to avoid eye contact . mr. tyree you only have a few day leave . why be you waste they with I ? JOHN I be not waste they , dad . mr . tyree yes you be . Mr. tyree cut himself a second portion of lasagna . John just stare at he , unsure whether he should be touch or hurt . on a college campus -- the next day Savannah 's walk to class with Randy when she see -- John , lean up against a nearby building . she nearly faint from shock , then recover and run over , kiss he hard . savannah what be you do here ? JOHN my dad kinda send I , actually . savannah you be kid . how 's he do ? but John do not answer -- he 's too busy look past she , where Randy 's do a bad job of pretend not to watch they . JOHN what , you hang out with that guy now ? 67 . savannah ah , he 's not so bad . we have become friend -- he 's actually pretty funny . Savannah gently grab he head , move he eye back to she . savannah be you really here ? can you really come with I this weekend ? my parent want to meet you so badly . JOHN of course I can . she kiss he again , thrilled , then take he by the hand . savannah c’mon . there 's somewhere I want to take you . John grin ... right now , he have follow she anywhere . but -- at a college bar -- that night the smile have leave John 's face by now as he 's introduce , one by one , to a table full of Savannah 's friend -- who all happen to be college frat - type guy . somebody make a inside joke that John do not get and everybody laugh , Savannah loudest of all . John just downs he beer and chuckle , too , because it seem like he should . Savannah see she friend Susan nearby and go to say hello , leave John momentarily alone . the frat guy nearest he lean in , try to start polite conversation . frat guy so you be Savannah 's boyfriend . ( off John 's nod ) that 's cool . where do you go again ? you be out of state , right ? John pause , decide it 's not worth it to correct he . JOHN right . frat guy somewhere up north , be not it ? I be blank -- Michigan ? Penn State ? the guy 's make a honest mistake , obviously confusing he with somebody else , but John resent it anyway -- resent the question , resent the guy ask it , resent have to backtrack now . he level a icy glare across the table . 68 . JOHN I be in the army , actually . frat guy ( realize he mistake ) oh. I must have ... I be sorry . now anger really begin to boil up inside John . he eyeball the guy hard , challenging he now . JOHN for what ? the frat guy 's no pushover , though , and he meet John 's eye contact , shoot back a ' what 's you problem ? 's look . but before anything can escalate , Savannah wrap she arm around John 's neck and kiss he on the cheek . she say something , but the din of the rowdy table drown she out . savannah I be so glad you be finally get to meet everybody ! JOHN what ? savannah I ’m so glad you 're finally meeting everybody ! JOHN I too . how long we stay ? ( off she look ) I be just hope to spend some time with you without the frat pack here . savannah relax . you be come home with I . they be not . John raise he eyebrow . Savannah shake she head . savannah do not get any idea . I be still the same girl you leave behind . JOHN I hope so . savannah what ? JOHN I say I hope so ! 69 . John mean it to be flirty , but when he yell it the second time , it sure do not come off that way . Savannah give he a look that 's hard to read at first ... then she shrug it off and nod towards he empty glass . savannah go get another beer , soldier . up by the bar -- later the place be crowded , and the bartender be understaffed and overworked . John be not have much luck wave one down . randy whatcha drink ? Randy sidle up next to John . JOHN just a beer . good luck get somebody 's attention , though . randy billy ! two hef 's . down the bar billy the bartender nod , immediately go to get they beer . Randy shrug by way of explanation . randy I be here way too much . ( be : John 's money ) put that away . please . billy bring they they drink along with two shot on the house . Randy wink , hold a shot out to John . randy listen , I want to apologize . for the way I treat you before . John try to wave he off . randy no no . if I have any idea she be actually gonna stay with you , I would never have act like that . Randy cheer he and downs the shot , but John hesitates before he follow suit , try to figure out whether he 's just be pay a compliment or a insult . randy yo , billy ! two more just like that . 70 . back at savannah 's apartment -- late that night John and Savannah make out as they stumble through the door . something be undeniably off between they now , though -- it 's like they be both try just a little bit too hard . plus John be more than just a little bit drunk . Savannah pull away from he , nervously head over to she refrigerator . savannah um , you want something to drink , or ...? John lean over she , look into the fridge . JOHN any beer in there ? there 's juice , water , diet coke . but no beer . savannah nope . still do not drink , remember ? John sigh , totter slightly into the live room . JOHN and yet we spend all night at a bar ... savannah sorry ? John turn , wave it away . JOHN I say it be hot tonight at the bar . sorry if I be a little sweaty . he smile at she again . stride back towards she , attempt to be seductive but not entirely succeed . savannah it 's okay . I be sweaty too . ( nervously , as he kiss she ) maybe I should take a shower ... JOHN you do not need a shower . he kiss she again . move in closer . Savannah shut she eye tight ... and then she duck away . savannah you know what ? yeah I do . I be just gonna go take a shower . 71 . in her bathroom -— after she turn on the water , Savannah cover she face with she hand and grimace , angry at herself for act that way . ten minute later -— — freshly shower , Savannah stare at she reflection . wet hair , no makeup . it will not do . she grab she cosmetics bag and start to go to work , call out into the live room -- savannah John ? i’1l just be another minute . but there 's no answer . Savannah peek out through the door -- -- see John slump over on the couch , pass out . she sigh , watch he sleep for a second . then she turn back to the mirror and start wiping the makeup off she face . in the live room -- the next morning John stir awake . look around . he 's on the couch with a pillow and blanket . and he 's get a pound headache . he get up . on the table be a note read that read : dear John . woke up this morning , see you , pinch myself . milk in the fridge , be back by two . in savannah's room -- later John eat a bowl of cereal outside she room . her room . this be where she life . this be where she sleep . he hesitantly walk in . take in the sheet , the picture , the furniture . then he glance at she bookshelf . stop on one book in particular . at a quarter after three o'clock -- John 's halfway through the book when the front door open and he hear Savannah enter . savannah 's voice John ? sorry I be late , but my professor have a open slot for once and I really need to go over my thesis with he and then I have to take care of this huge schedule issue in the mentoring group that I be form -- do I tell you I be form a mentoring gr - -? 72 . she walk into the bedroom , see the look on he face . savannah oh no . you have be coope up by yourself in this tiny apartment all day and you be furious with I . JOHN Nah , I just should not have come early , that 's all . I shoulda wait till you be not so busy . Savannah grin at he , throw she jam - pack bookbag onto the bed next to he . savannah well then you have be wait a awful long time . but John do not smile back . then Savannah notice what he 's read ( it 's a book on autism and asperger ) . they look at each other . Savannah sit down beside he . almost say something .... then decide not to . she smile instead , kiss he on the forehead . savannah I be so glad you come , John . I still can not believe it -- I wake up and you be actually here . I come home and you be actually here . it still do not feel real to I yet . JOHN I just wish we have more time , that 's all . savannah one more night together . but then only five more month apart , right ? John look away . Savannah do not notice , pull he up . savannah ten-hut , tyree . we get a little bit of a drive ahead of we . at a estate in lenoir -- hour later Savannah and John walk up to a old but still grand Southern Colonial house . Cars be park all over the yard , and above the front door hang a banner read happy 25 th anniversary . they enter to find that the party be already in full swing . 73. mrs . curtis my girl ! Savannah 's mother hurry over and throw she arm around Savannah . they be obviously very close , but then she surprise John by hugging he just as vigorously . mrs . curtis and John , I feel like I know you already . how 's you father ? JOHN better . thank you for ask . mrs . curtis of course . he 's be in we prayer . John smile , unsure of how to respond . mrs . curtis I be so glad you be finally here . but I can not say I envy you -- there 's a lot of people to meet tonight . thing could get ugly . savannah I have be briefing he in the car . background on family member , history of feud , that sorta thing . JOHN good intel . solid tactical training . I be as ready as I will ever be . Mrs. curtis grin at Savannah , mouth '' I love he already '' to she . then she link arm and lead they both into the fray . mrs . curtis let 's get this show on the road then . in the party -- Mrs. curtis play a great hostess , introduce John to party guest with Savannah by he side , beam . when Mrs. curtis tell somebody what John do for a live , guest begin to come up to he and shake he hand , thanking he for he service . John handle it all terrifically until Randy pass he on the way to the bathroom . randy hey . Shots on you tonight , huh ? he slap John on the back as he walk by . John do not respond , just turn to Savannah after he 's go . 74 . JOHN what 's he do here ? savannah ( with a shrug ) I invite he . before John can follow up , he 's pull aside by a treetrunk of a man in he late 4ux . the people nearby ( include tim and Tim 's father ) fall silent . the man glare at Savannah . mr . curtis so this be he ? savannah daddy , please . not the tough guy routine this time , okay ? mr . curtis routine ? I benchpress refrigerator , honey . I shoot large animal for sport . you boyfriend need to know this thing . nearby , John notice Tim smile . they trade a nod hello , and then John , emboldene by a friendly face , stick he hand out . JOHN Nice to meet you , Mr. curtis . and for what it 's worth , Tim 's already threaten I with bodily harm if I ever hurt you daughter ... tim yeah , I be very convincing , too . I be sure I make quite a impact . Mr. curtis pause ... then grab John 's hand , pump it heartily . mr . curtis well if that 's the case , then let 's just skip right over that part and get back to the drink . cheer , son -- glad you could join we . he raise he glass just as a older couple walk in the front door . Mr. curtis wave at they , instantly distract . mr . curtis billy , ya egg suck dog , you actually show up ! he head over to greet they , while Savannah and she mother get pull into a nearby circle of wive . that leave John and Tim , pretty much alone . they shake hand warmly . 75 . tim good to see you again , John . JOHN you too . where 's Alan hide at ? tim he 's be riding horse all day so he 's upstairs , out cold . JOHN yeah , I hear he 's a helluva jockey . tim it 's the craziest thing . no complaint here , though . another party guest come over to say hello to Tim . party guest Tim -- so nice to see you ! where 's you wife ? it 's be age , I really must say hello . tim oh , she 's on vacation . I '’11 let she know you ask after she , though . Tim hold a force smile . John watch he carefully , long after the Party Guest leave and they be leave alone again . JOHN another vacation , huh ? Tim shrug , try to play it off . John consider bite he tongue , but then -- JOHN be that what you tell Alan , too ? Tim glance over at John . pause . tim I do not tell Alan anything . JOHN he do not ask ? tim he ask . I just do not know how to answer . John look away . watch Savannah , laughing with she Mom at one of the other woman 's joke . 76 . JOHN listen , I be not in any position to give you advice , Tim ... Tim shrug , let John know it 's okay to go on . JOHN when I be a kid , I wake up every morning hope today have be the day my mom would finally come home . and it take I fifteen year to realize that be never gonna happen . John turn to Tim , look at he honestly . JOHN as painful as it would have be for my dad to tell I the truth ... it coulda save I a lotta year of wait around , you know ? Tim look back at he silently . not offended , just thoughtful . then another partygoer butt in and break the silence . partygoer I be sorry -- you be John , right ? Savannah 's John ? I just want to say thank you . for what you be do . JOHN you're ... welcome . but I -- partygoer we be praying for you . know that . I just hope it 's all over soon so you boy can come home safe and sound . War talk always attract man -- Mr. curtis and he friend be no exception , and they jump in freely . mr . curtis oh , this thing aint gonna be over anytime soon . Afghanistan 's just the first stop of many , believe I . a democrat he 's right . soon they be gonna ask y’all to reenlist for another tour . and then , slowly but surely , they 'il stop ask and start tell . JOHN they have already request we be - up for two more year , actually . 77 . a republican I bet every soldier in the service will do it , too , no question ask . JOHN every soldier I know already have . suddenly a voice from behind cut through the crowd . savannah so you be gonna reenlist ? for two more year , just like that ? John turn to find Savannah behind he . the rest of the chatter die down . John pause , look away . JOHN it 's ... something we need to discuss . some of the Men start to back up , give Savannah some space -- she 's eyeball John hard , potentially about to blow . but she do not . instead she flip a switch , turn on a half - convincing smile . savannah well . can I freshen up anybody 's drink ? later -- as Mr. curtis introduce John to yet another group of friend , John glance over to see Savannah , deep in discussion with Randy . they be out of earshot , but she be serious and intense . then Randy say something that make she finally smile . she look over at John . they make eye contact . then they both look away . qut in the front lawn -- later the car have thin out . only a few straggler be leave . in the house -- John watch Mr. and Mrs. curtis show the last of they guest to the door . he turn , head -- qut to the back deck -- -- where Savannah be all alone , stare out at the lake . JOHN there you be . where 's Randy , in the bathroom pop he collar ? 78 . savannah no , Randy go home a while ago . John wrap he arm around she , try to cut past the tension . savannah two more year , John ... JOHN I know . savannah it 's selfish of I to act like this . I get that . this be not even about I -- you be the one who have to make the sacrifice . JOHN it 's you sacrifice too . she finally turn to John , look up at he , try to smile . savannah what 's two more year apart after that two week together , right ? she already know what she have to say next . she do not look away -- she have to say this in a way he can believe . savannah I think you should do it . I want you to do it . JOHN you sure ? she smile reassuringly ... but then stop . she see something flash in he eye , and she immediately know what it be : relief . her heart drop into she stomach . savannah wait a minute -- you already have . have not you . you have already reupped . JOHN no , I - - savannah do not lie to I . that 's the one thing you cannot do , John . do not look I in the eye and lie to I . Inside the house , Tim come down the stair , carry a sleep Alan in he arm . 79 . he step out on the porch to say goodnight , no idea what he 's walk into . John turn when he hear he . savannah do not look at he , John . look at I . JOHN I -- I have to , okay ? every single one of the guy commit on the spot . every single one -- savannah I do not care about they , I care about we . what happen to '' together '' , John ? what happen to the leap we be take '' together '' ? JOHN you do not understand -- he try to put he hand on she arm , but she slap it off . savannah you son of a bitch . do not ever tell I I do not understand . then she turn and walk away . Tim try to inch back into the house , pretend like he be never here . but John know he be . JOHN that 's the first time I have ever hear she curse . Alan stir in Tim 's arm , but do not quite wake . tim she 's angry because she love you that much . because she miss you that much . trust I ... that 's a lot better than the alternative . John watch Savannah get smaller and smaller as she head out towards the lake . JOHN so what do I do ? Tim carry Alan to the door , look back before he leave . tim you go after she , John . qut by the lake -- later this pier be much smaller than the one in wilmington , but as John come up behind Savannah , it 's a very familiar sight . 80 . John pause . tries to find the right word . JOHN I have a responsibility to that guy , okay ? just like they have a responsibility to I . they cover my back , I cover theirs . it 's the only way the whole thing work . Savannah do not turn to he , just stare out at the water . JOHN I do re-up . but I do not do it for my country . I do not do it for some cause . I do it for the eleven guy stand beside I wherever we go , wherever we be send . with that she finally turn , look he in the eye . savannah how about the one girl stand in front of you right now , John ? John can not look back at she . something shift inside of he -- whether it 's nerve or desperation , he start to sweat , suddenly have a tough time catch he breath . JOHN you want I to deenlist ? then I x11 deenlist . I will not even get on the plane tomorrow . i’1ll go awol , I do not care -- you be all that matter to I . okay ? you be all that matter . his voice turn intense , he eye desperate . JOHN I just -- I do not know what happen . I have no idea what happen . I wake up one day and skyscraper be suddenly fall down and people be suddenly die and a war suddenly pop up at the exact moment that my dad 's heart suddenly stop work right and I do not know what to do , I have no clue what to do , I just know that I want it all to go away so I can stay here with you , right here with you for as long as I possibly can . Savannah stare at John . he look like he 's six year old all of a sudden , anxious and scared and vulnerable . her anger quickly melt away . 81 . she put she hand on he face , try to calm he down . JOHN I be just try to do the right thing here , but I 'il tell you what , I be so turn around I do not have a friggin idea what that be anymore . so you tell I . tell I what to do , Savannah . tell I what you want I to do and I 's all do it . she quietly wrap he up , hold on as tight as she can . then she kiss he lightly on the lip . savannah I want you to come with I . inside a old stable -- Savannah lead John inside . the place be empty now . there be horse here once , but not anymore . she pull John back to the far-most stable , which be different than the other . there be stack of hay but there be also blanket , a flashlight , a bunch of paperback , a old radio . savannah whenever I use to sneak out of the house , late at night ... this be where I have come . she look through the open window at the house she grow up in . she smile to herself , the memory obviously flooding back . savannah kinda pathetic , huh ? even when I run away , I never go very far . then , finally , she shake the nostalgia away , turn to John and push he down on the bed of hay . she get on top of he , slowly pull she shirt off . John look through the window up at the house . it 's a distance -- no one can see they here , no one can hear they . Savannah turn on the radio . the song that start to play be the luckiest by Ben fold ( download it , give it a listen , the album it 's on happen to be release September 11th , 2001 ) . then she remove the rest of she clothes . take he shirt and he pants off . John do not breathe . JOHN you sure about this ? she nod . John hesitates , though , still unsure . 82 . but Savannah be not . she pull he down to she , help to guide he . John give in . then , over the music -- image : -- of they together . -- of John , go slowly and gently , but -- -- of a single tear fall down Savannah 's face . as the song continue to play over all the follow scene : outside the OPEN window -- predawn -- of Savannah , sadly watch the moon disappear below the horizon , John asleep on a blanket behind she . the next morning -- -- of John , roll awake , look around ... realize Savannah 's already go up to the house . he 's all alone in the stable , and that worry he . in the car -- -- of John and Savannah , silently drive back to wilmington . at the airport — — -- of John , say goodbye to he hobble father with a crisp handshake , then turn to Savannah . he eye she carefully . JOHN be everything okay ? nothing ... nothing 's change between we , have it ? she pull he to she , kiss he hard enough for Mr. tyree to turn away . relieved , John kiss she back , have already forget that she do not actually answer the question . JOHN I be not sure when my next leave will be , with everything go on ... Savannah nod , understanding . JOHN but I 'il see you soon then ? Savannah kiss he again . know what she line be here . savannah I 'il see you soon then . 83. in the plane -- over the atlantic ocean -- of John stare out the window into the night . in serbia -- -- of a helicopter landing somewhere in Northern kosovo . John step out of the copter , see noodle wait in a nearby jeep . noodle mock salute he , and John grin . in a CITY in kosovo -- -- of John , reunite with he team as they watch UN troops ( in that familiar blue helmet ) march through the city , here to aid the serb in peacekeeping effort with the albanian . at base camp — — -- of John , sorting through box and box of small arm weapon , futilely look for the correspondence package . at a makeshift helipad -- -- of John coordinate the delivery of more supplies . the pilot know what he really want , though , and hand it over . John tear the package open -- smile when he find two letter from Savannah . at a bombed out albanian convenience store -— -- of John and he team as they help a albanian couple sort through the rubble of they family business . John look down . see a small but pristine pocket calendar amongst the debris . he pick it up . JOHN you mind if I have this ? the albanian storeowner wave he off . his business be ruin . he could care less about a pocket calendar . back at base camp — — -- of John rip open a new correspondence package , thrilled when three letter from Savannah tumble out . in he bunk -- -- of John , check the date on she letter , make the corresponding mark in he calendar . Savannah 's consistent : Seven day . Seven day . Seven day . like clockwork . 84 . John smile . pull out a clean sheet of paper . and start to write : dear Savannah ... close on the pocket calendar -— -- of the red X 's , more than a year of they now , all consistently seven day apart . outside captain stone 's room -- -- of John , make a spontaneous late night call on the team 's new satellite phone . he type in all the digit ( there 's a whole slew of they ) and hope for the best . in NORTH CAROLINA --— -- of Savannah 's cell phone , silently vibrate on a desk . it ring so much it finally fall onto the floor , and no one be around to pick it up . back in kosovo -- at midnight -- of John , on a picturesque hill , stare up at the waxing moon directly above he . a time lapse -- -- of John on this hill , as day turn into week and week turn into month ; as the moon and the sun fly over he through the sky , almost like they be chase each other . bleeding over this be a image -- -- of John 's pocket calendar , pan past the red X 's , week after week .... and then , suddenly , the X 's stop . on a crate near the hill -- -- of John , away from the rest of he team . a few of the guy be play a game of poker outside the barrack , but John be off to the side , stare down at the calendar . eighteen month have pass now , but after 72 straight Red xs , it 's be six week since the last one . clearly he 's worried . suddenly there be a sudden explosion within the city . the Ben fold song abruptly cut off . a fireball reach into the sky . winter 2003 John jump up , head over to the hill . some of the other guy get up from they poker game and gather there as well to take in this all too familiar scene . then , there be music to John 's ear : the whir of a income helicopter be hear as it become visible on the horizon . 85 . at the makeshift helipad -- John anxiously greet the pilot as he touch down . JOHN please say you have get , like , seven letter for I . the pilot dig into he bag .... but pull out only a single letter . it 's a familiar sight . it 's get Savannah 's handwrite on it . it 's in she normal clean , white envelope . but it bring John no comfort . instead , this lone letter scare he to death . over by he crate -- later John sit , far enough away from the other to have privacy . carefully , he open the envelope . unfold both sheet of paper inside . this one begin as they always do . dear John ... he take a deep breath . and then he read the rest . on JOHN 's hand -- as they start to shake . on john' face -- as every muscle tense . on john' eye -- as he do not cry . on JOHN -- sit perfectly still on this crate , read and reread this letter , all alone on the horizon . back in base camp -- John ransack Stone 's desk until he find the satellite phone . he take it , start pace the room like a animal in a cage , go over in he mind what he 's go to say . then he begin to dial . he know all the number by heart , and there 's a lot of they . fourteen in a row , one after the other ... but he stop before he hit the fifteenth . his finger hover over the button ... but he can not bring himself to push it . no matter how hard he try . so instead , he kick a metal briefcase across the room . in the barracks -- John barrel in , a man on a mission . noodle nod hello as he walk by they poker game , but John 's too focus to notice . John pour all the stuff from he footlocker onto the ground , sorting through it until he find what he 's look for . 86 . outside -- John take all 112 of Savannah 's letter and dump they out loose on the ground . what have be a carefully organize chronological stack be now just a messy pile . John pull out the flint and magnesium block from he pocket and start to shave the magnesium off over the letter . noodles need a lighter ? noodle have appear behind he , but John just shake he head , focus only on the flint now . a spark catch the magnesium and the letter ignite . John watch the fire spread . noodles you wanna talk about it ? John look away . know he 's be completely transparent right now , and hate himself for it . JOHN not much to talk about . she find somebody else . somebody who 's there , and not here . noodles you know who it be ? JOHN she do not say . but I have a pretty good idea . the anger flash in John 's eye again . noodles do not worry , man , you will get she back . as soon as you go home , she ’1ll come run -- you know it 's true . John stare into the fire , wearily shake he head . JOHN noodles no . it 's not . trust I , man , this be what -- noodle ... I know what I be talk ab -- noodle . they be already engage . okay ? that stop he cold . he pause , unsure what to say . noodles I ... Jesus . I be sorry , John . 87 . John do not respond . instead , he take out Savannah 's breakup letter and drop it onto the flame , watch it turn into ash along with the 112 letter that precede it . in the CITY -- the next day a mini-convoy navigate through the street of kosovo . the team be split into two , and John drive the front humvee . rooster be in the middle of a rant , but John tune he out from he bubble , focus only on the road ahead of he . rooster all I be sayin be , they recruit we , train we for five year , tell we we be they goddamn best and brightest , and then a war break out and they send we everywhere but there . now what sense do that make ? berry look around you , man . it aint like we be patrol the Kansas State Fair , you know . indeed , up the road be a smolder building . it 's not exactly a war zone , but it 's not too far away either . rooster so what ? this be not the son a bitch that attack we , be they ? as they get closer , they can see that it 's a serbian church burn to the ground . Three body lie in the street , and a group of angry serb civilian have gather nearby . captain stone no , they be just attack each other -- Daniels , go see what happen . daniel , they language guy , get out and converse in serb with one of the civilian . then he report back to Stone . daniel molotov cocktail , half hour or so ago . good news be , the church be empty -- no casualty . captain stone ( be ; the body ) they probably beg to differ . daniel yeah , well there be also a albanian sniper hide somewhere up in that building , but -- 88 . nearby , three serbian fighter unload a dshk ( a old Soviet anti-aircraft machine gun like the american brown ) into the side of the building Daniels be point at . the already demolish structure get that much more demolish . the serb grin , flash they a cheery thumb up . captain stone Christ . be UN troops on the way ? Daniels shrug . Stone sigh , then open the door , step out . captain stone Berry , Daniels , go commandeer that weapon . everybody else ... inside the demolished build -- the beret enter , systematically case the first floor . John trail behind -- physically he 's here , mentally not so much . they come upon the body of a older armenian woman . this be somebody 's grandmother . it 's a tough sight , even for they . Captain Stone turn away first , quickly start up the stair . the other follow , and Stone wordlessly split they into two group -- Stone take half at the second floor , while stark , John , noodle , and rooster make they way up to the top floor . noodles he always know exactly what to say in that situation , do not he ? I wonder if he 's so inspirational because he 's a Captain , or if he make Captain because he 's so inspirational ? stark how about you ponder that dilemma while you clear east , noodle . rooster , you take west , I get north . ( then to John ) yo , tyree -- snap out of it and clear south , willya ? John come out of the cloud and do as he 's tell . he head to the back room , scan leave to right , floor to ceiling . it 's clear . he walk in , flip a nearby light switch , expect nothing , but lo and behold , the room light up . JOHN I will be damned . electricity still w-- suddenly a bullet slice into John 's leave shoulder . 89 . his eye widen , but he 's too stunne to cry out . a second bullet hit he in the gut and send he to he knee . his hand fly to he stomach and he fall onto he back . his eye search the dingy ceiling above he . meanwhile , stark , noodle and rooster charge into the room , gun blaze . the wounded armenian hide in the corner of the room be riddled with dozen of bullet . noodle finally stop fire , kneel over John , cut open he fatigue . John desperately try to make eye contact . noodles medic ! I need a medic up here ! John draw a sharp breath , gulp for air . his pupil begin to dilate as he stare up at the sky . he gasp again . try as he might , he can not hold on . and as he eye finally close , and the sound fade away -- everything turn silent . everything goe black . then , fade back in : as John open he eye again . he 's in a strange room . the wall be yellow cinderblock . a nurse be change he iv . nurse welcome back , sargeant tyree . John struggle to get he bearing . he try to speak , but he mouth be parched and dry . the nurse turn he morphine drip a notch higher . nurse Rest easy , okay ? you be alive , and that 's all that matter right now . but although John do not appear to agree , and although he fight as hard as he can to maintain consciousness -- -- it be ultimately a lose battle . in the hospital room -- John abruptly sit upright in bed . week have pass -- obvious because he arm be now in a sling , he stomach be wrap in gauze , and he face be line with impatience . he stand up , go into the small bathroom . stare at he reflection in the mirror . 90 . then he slowly pull he arm out of the sling . it cause he immense pain , but he push through . he grab he dress uniform out of the closet . wince as he button he shirt . tight . tighter still . wince as he pull on he rather sparsely decorate jacket . wince as he try to tie he tie with one good arm . by the time he put on he beret , he forehead gleam with sweat . he wipe he face , stare at he reflection . at least now he look like a soldier again . in a makeshift office -- John stand at attention in front of Captain Stone , who 's catch up on some paperwork . JOHN requesting permission to return to active duty , sir . Stone look up at John . he 's try hard to look whole and healthy , but he 's not fool anybody . captain stone it 's be three week , son . I be impressed , but I be not stupid . he turn back to he paperwork . captain stone why do not you go home first , get some r&r . take as much time as you need -- you family 's probably worried sick about you . JOHN my father 's just glad I be okay , sir . John 's not budging . Stone glance back up at he , then sigh . he put down he pen and look John honestly in the eye . captain stone I be be transfer , John . back home . ( before John can object ) it have nothing to do with what happen , I put in for it month ago . I just miss my family be all . he stand up , walk over to john. gl . captain stone Berry and Daniels have decide to leave , too , everyone else be gonna be reassign . now you have less than four month until separation yourself . you have serve you country well -- there 's no need to go the extra mile at this point . John stand even straighter , he eye focus on the wall behind Stone . JOHN requesting permission to officially reup , sir . Stone stare at he in disbelief . captain stone let I get this straight , staff sargeant . I be hand you a ticket home and you be tell I no thanks , cause you actually wanna go back out there for another year ? John do not move , still rigid as a board . JOHN better make it two , sir . fade to : the SUN -- beating down from the sky . John look up at it , shield he eye from the glare . he 's at -- a army base in saudi arabia -- -- still in full uniform . but now he once sparsely decorate jacket be full of bar , medal , accommodation , badge . John 's head be still shave , but he wound have long heal . four full year have pass , and he 's in he late 20 's now . a F - 15 Eagle jet scream overhead , block out the sun for a instant and casting John in a brief shadow . summer 2007 John watch it land at a nearby airstrip . after a moment , a private appear behind John . private the Colonel 's ready for you now . 92 . in_a command CENTER -— colonel kittrick sit at a desk as John enter . colonel kittrick sargeant Major tyree . have a seat . John do as he 's tell . colonel kittrick Heard you and you team do good work in Algeria . must be hard to believe it 's actually hotter here than it be there , id not it ? John just smile politely . kittrick get the message and cut to the chase . he open up John 's folder . colonel kittrick it 's come to my attention that you have not take leave in over nine month . that 's a terrible oversight on we part , I apologize on behalf of the United States Army and I be rectifying it effective immediately . JOHN sargeant Swift have not have one in nearly as long , why do not you send he instead ? colonel kittrick sargeant Swift 's schedule leave be next month . JOHN but sir -- colonel kittrick I be not send sargeant Swift , I be send you . go home , son , get some rest . take a vacation for once . JOHN I do not need a va -- colonel kittrick it 's not up for debate , sargeant Major . I promise you , we will all still be here when you get back . John hesitates . kittrick just nod towards the door . colonel kittrick that 's all . 93. at the airstrip in saudi arabia -- two week later a military plane fly up the runway , go airborne . in the airplane -— John sit in a jumpseat , stare up at the plane 's ceiling , try to ignore the bumpiness of the flight . at the wilmington airport -- the escalator run emptily . finally John 's foot appear . the rest of he follow . he look around . the airport have not change one bit except for the fact that this time , no one be here to greet he . at he father 's house -- John get out of the cab with he duffel bag , walk up the driveway . he try the front door . it 's lock . annoy , he fish under the pot of a nearby fern . pull out the spare key . open the door . walk -- into the house -- -- and can immediately tell something be not right . there be dirty dish stack in the sink . fly buzz around they . his father have never leave a dish dirty anywhere in he life . then what John see in the live room make he drop he bag . JOHN dad ? Mr. tyree lie on the couch , pale and weak . his eye be glaze and he shirt be soaking wet from sweat . he try to stand , but it 's such a incredible amount of labor that he go entirely white . his whole body shake intensely . John grab he , afraid that he ’1ll fall over , and lower he back on the couch . then , quickly , he reach for the phone . in a hospital room -- late that night Mr. tyree lay in bed , asleep , tube come out of he from every angle . if he look older before , he look downright ancient now . John do not touch he . instead he just stand there , silently watch he father breathe through a tube . 94 . outside in the hallway -- John speak quietly with a doctor . JOHN how long do you think he coulda be like that , though ? Cause I be call he once a week before I go on assignment and thing be fine ... doctor how many week since you last speak ? John look away . guilt flash on he face . he speak quietly . JOHN Three , maybe . the Doctor see the pain in he and take pity . doctor it 's hard to say how long it 's be , really . I have treat patient who have have mild stroke without realize it , but a stroke that significant ... it 's mind boggle that he do not hospitalize himself right away . John let that sink in . then he turn , start to pace . JOHN okay . so how long till he 's back to normal this time ? the Doctor do not respond . John look at he , stop in he track , quickly turn white . understand what that mean . JOHN if ... if I have come home earlier ... if I have find he like that earlier ... would it have make a difference ? the Doctor look at John , he face crease with sympathy . doctor I doubt it . no matter how convincing he sound , it do not appear to do John much good . back at the house -- John walk inside . set the spare key down on the counter . then he take one look around at the darken , silent , messy house around he and it 's one look too many . 95 . he grab the key off the counter and walk right back out . at the shrimp shack --— the place be practically empty at this late hour . John sit at the bar , alone , peel shrimp but not eat they . reveal that the table he sit at with Savannah on they first date be right behind he . John steal a glance back at it . in he car -- later that night John stare at a house in the middle of a quiet neighborhood . through the big bay window in front , John see a family watch tv together . two boy rough house on the floor . inside the house -- the mother get up , go into she big chef 's kitchen to check on a pie . she pull it from the oven , put it on the windowsill to cool , glance out the window . John 's car be there in plain sight , but she look past he , out at she partially obstruct view of the ocean . although she do not know it , here , right where she be stand , be the exact spot John first kiss Savannah . back in the car -- John 's see enough . he put the car into gear and pull away . at he father 's house -- late at night now John walk back in , set he key back down . get he bearing . then head through the house , back to he bedroom . but he pause in front of he father 's office . then , despite himself , he enter , flip on the light . look around the room . here be he father 's coin , stack all over the furniture . here be he father 's desk , and he father 's chair . John take a seat . look down at the desk . start to open drawer . look through cabinet . he finally find what he be look for : a clean sheet of paper . he clear some room on the desk , lay the sheet of paper down in front of he . then John grab a pen , and he begin to write . 96 . back at the hospital -- the next day John walk into he father 's room . Mr. tyree be now awake and at least partially lucid . his eye flash with recognition when he see John . JOHN hey , dad . although Mr. tyree be very weak , he reach up and try to pull the oxygen mask off he face , yank the tube out of he mouth . he 's try to say something . John gently grab he hand , pull it away . JOHN it 's okay , dad . it 's fine . John guide he hand back down by he side . Mr. tyree make a noise , but it 's indistinguishable . John grin at he . JOHN so now you wanna talk , huh ? John take a seat in the chair next to the bed , let the familiar silence hang in the room . then John pull out a envelope from he back pocket . he hold it out to he dad . Mr. tyree take it , look back at John -- ask '' what 's this ? '' with he eye . JOHN it 's nothing . just a letter I write . Mr. tyree try to open it . his hand be shaking heavily . JOHN no , do not read it now . read it when I be not around , okay ? Mr. tyree stop . his hand still shake , but he follow John 's instruction , try to put the letter on a nearby table . it 's not far away at all , but he have a hard time reach it . John watch he . see how hard even that be for he . JOHN you know what ? to hell with it -- here , just ... he take the letter back , open it himself . but he do not start read yet -- there 's something he want to say first . he stop . 97 . JOHN listen , I know that ... I know I have not be around very much the last couple of year , and ... this speak from the heart thing be not work . so he look down at the letter , unfold the sheet of paper . it 's only one page . and then he start to read . JOHN okay . dear dad . there 's something I have be want to tell you . he glance up -- Mr. tyree be listen carefully . JOHN remember a few year ago , back when I get shot ? well you wanna know the very first thing that enter my mind at that moment , right before I black out ? coin . John look up again , see Mr. tyree 's eye glint with pride . JOHN suddenly I be eight year old again , on a tour of the US mint , listen to the guide explain how coin be make . how they be punch out of sheet metal . how they be rimmed and bevele . how they be stamp and clean . and then how each and every coin be personally examine , just in case one have slip through with the slight imperfection . ( off Mr. tyree 's look ) remember that , dad ? you remember that trip to Philadelphia we take ? Mr. tyree nod . John have to turn away or else he 's gonna start cry . he focus back on the letter . JOHN well that 's what pop into my head . I ama coin in the United States Army . I be mint in the year 1980 . I have be punch from sheet metal , I have be stamp and clean , my edge have be rimmed and bevele . now John can not help it . tear drip out of he eye , even though he fight hard against they . 98 . JOHN but now I have two small hole in I , so I be no longer in perfect condition . he reflexively rub he shoulder , right where he be shot , and look down at he invalid father trap in a hospital bed . JOHN how about it , dad ? we be just a couple of cull , huh ? he start cry harder now . focus down at the letter . JOHN but there 's one more thing I want to tell you , too . now he 's all start and stop -- he 's too emotional to read any more , although he try to push through as best he can . JOHN after I get shot ... right before I black out ... you wanna know the very last thing that ... I be sorry , just .... the very last thing that ... that enter my mind ? but he 's sobbing now , unable to get it under control . and he just can not get the last word out . no matter how hard he try . he sit in he chair , unable to speak , unable to finish . then Mr. tyree reach he hand out . put it on top of John 's . it be remarkably steady . they look each other in the eye . and through the tear , John can see -- he dad understand . at the beach -- it 's get dark , and a storm be come . one or two adventurous surfer still remain , but most everybody else be give up and head in . except for John . John be head out . the wave be huge right now , but he do not appear interested in catch anything . instead , he barrel straight into the wave , take the brunt of they force . a big wave hit he , nearly knock he off he board . John force he way through it . then another wave appear -- a enormous one , the kind you brag about for week afterwards . the other few surfer turn , paddle furiously to catch it . but John do not . John paddle straight into it . 99 . the wave smashes into he so hard he surfboard be rip right off he leg strap . John go under , lose in the current and a sea of whitewater . finally , John regains he bearing , find he foot . but he stay below water , no rush to pop back up . underneath the surface -- he body shake , he tear get lose in the water around he . CUT to : close on JOHN -- -- dry , in he dress uniform . it 's not quite clear where he be yet , but wherever it be , he sit rigid and straight . his jaw be set . his eye be focus in front of he . slowly pull back -- to reveal we be in a church . and other than John , the church be completely empty . and in the front of a church be a casket . a pastor walk in from behind the pulpit . John notice he check he watch beneath he robe . pastor I be sorry . you be welcome to stay as long as you have like , of course , it 's just that they be hope to lock the outside door , and ... ( then , delicately ) you be not ... still expect anyone else , be you ? John do not respond . in he silence , it 's clear he be at least hope for someone else . anyone else . or perhaps someone else specifically . and then , just like that , without a word , he make up he mind . he stand up . turn . and begin to walk out . pastor where be you go ? JOHN somewhere I should have go four year ago . qut on the highway -- John drive he father 's old lincoln Continental , which be even older now . but yet , he push 80 mile per hour , unconcern with anything except where he 's go . 100 . John stare out on the road , he focus unwaver . a stable of horse -- six or seven of they in all . in the very far stable , a hand tap the kneecap of a horse , cause the leg to rise . a scalpel like instrument be stick into the crack of the horseshoe , clean out the cake dirt and finally , a particularly painful look pointy acorn . savannah there we go . feel better now ? the horse whinnie she approval . Savannah smile up at she . she stand , finish clean out the feed trough . she wear work boot and she hair be cut short . she 's still pretty , but she 's age four year , and it show . she pet the horse goodbye , then walk out , check on each of the other horse as she pass by . then as she exit the stable , she finally look up -- and what she see make she gasp . there , stand next to a tree up on the hill where the end of the driveway meet the road -- be John , still in uniform . he walk towards she . Savannah try she best to recover . savannah wow . just like that , huh ? after all this year ? John just shrug . Savannah stare at he , there in front of she , four year older than she last see he . savannah what be you do here , John ? John think ... then chuckle humorlessly to himself . remember have this conversation five year ago up at Chapel Hill . JOHN I guess my dad kinda send I again . Savannah clearly remember the conversation as well . savannah yeah ? how 's he do ? John glance away . it 's quick , just a split -second look , but Savannah immediately realize what it mean . 101 . savannah no -- oh , John . I be so sorry . I ... I wish I have know . JOHN would not have change anything . savannah no . I do not suppose it would have . they be only a few foot apart now , but Savannah do not move . savannah how have he die ? this time John look away for a much longer amount of time . JOHN alone . Savannah can see the pain creep onto he face . JOHN he never have a bad word to say about anybody . he treat everybody with respect , everybody with decency . and none of that matter one goddamn bit , because you wanna know how many people come to he funeral ? he do not need to answer the question . Savannah 's face crease with sympathy . savannah he be not alone , John . he have you . John do not respond . instead he search for something else to talk about . he glance at the stable behind she , remember the last time they be in a stable like that together . then he look up . above the barn door be a sign that read camp horse sense . John smile . remember she letter . JOHN so . you finally do it . savannah no . I do not . but ... I try . ( off he look ) it only last one summer . we raise a lot of money , but it be just so expensive . Savannah turn , stare sadly back at the stable . 102 . savannah life be expensive . be not it ? you just do not think about that stuff when you be in college . you have this dream . every sentence start with ' when 's . but that 's not real life , be it ? JOHN sentence in real life start with ' why '. Savannah look at he again . see the pain there . savannah I be sorry , John . it might not be worth much , but I be sorry . he be a good man . JOHN I know . they eye each other . she smile , nod to the main house . savannah you wanna come inside ? John turn , take in the house . it 's large but dilapidate -- it could use a new paint job , and the yard need to be mow . John hesitates . JOHN I be not sure . be ... savannah ( quickly ) no . he be not home . off John 's face , reacting without move a muscle -- in her kitchen --— Savannah set two cup of coffee down , take a seat . savannah so how have you find I ? JOHN stop by you parent 's house . have to arm wrestle you dad for the address . savannah ( roll she eye ) guess we know how that turn out . 103 . JOHN he claim he lose on purpose , since he always like I and all , but ... he shrug . they accidentally make eye contact , then both quickly look away . Savannah think of something else to say . she nod at he dress uniform . savannah I guess you be still ...? ( ... in the Army ? ) John nod . savannah how long you back for ? JOHN just till I get he thing square away . Savannah nod -- that 's what she be expect . she take a sip of coffee . her wedding ring gleam in the sun . John stare at it , clear he throat . JOHN how 's marry life ? savannah can not complain . how about you ? settle down yet ? John just shake he head . savannah must be dating lot of girl , huh ? John do not answer , just patiently hold eye contact until Savannah become uncomfortable and have to look away . finally the phone ring , bail she out . she excuse herself , go to answer it . savannah hello ? hi , honey . I be fine . no , nothing 's wrong . why do you think -- oh be quiet , I do not sound strange . she look over at John . bite she lip . savannah well ... I be sit across the table from John , actually . yes. John tyree . um ... I be not sure he will ... Savannah pause , listen to the voice on the other end . 104 . savannah okay , I will tell he . no no , I be still come , I be just about to leave . I x11 be there soon . ( off he response ) I love you , too . she hang up the phone . turn back to John . savannah he want to see you . JOHN be you serious ? ( off Savannah 's nod ) what 's he expect , a hug ? have he forget what I do to he at the beach ? savannah no . he have not forget . John finish he coffee . then he abruptly stand . JOHN thank you . for the coffee . he turn to leave . stop . look back at she . JOHN sorry . but I do not come out here ... ( he trail off ) well I be not sure why I come out here . but it be not to shake Randy 's hand and tell he it 's all water under the bridge , okay ? Savannah stare at he oddly . then she get up , walk past he into the live room . savannah John ... I do not marry Randy . John 's confuse . but then he follow she gaze to a picture , perch on the mantle over the fireplace . John walk over . pick the picture up . stare at it . it 's a wedding photograph of savannah and tim . John can hardly believe he eye . Savannah stand over he shoulder , watch he look at this picture of she ina flow white wedding gown . 105 . savannah I be gonna go see he now , bring he a afternoon coffee . it would mean a lot to he -- to both of we -- if you come along . John put the picture back on the mantle . he look over at she , genuinely tear . but in her car -- Savannah drive in silence , John in the passenger seat . they get on the highway . JOHN how far away do he work ? Savannah keep she eye focus on the road . savannah we be not go to he work . John glance over at she . but Savannah 's not gonna elaborate . later -- still silent . John look over at Savannah , who 's still stare straight ahead . then she put on she blinker , turn into a parking lot . she pull into a space , check she makeup in the rearview mirror . John look up at the building in front of he . it be the gastonia memorial hospital . JOHN Savannah . what 's go on ? she shrug without look at he , busy herself with she makeup , try hard to be as nonchalant as possible . savannah it start as melanoma . skin cancer , just a little spot on he leg . he have it remove . it go into remission . then it come back . now it 's spread into he lung . without another word , she get out of the car . reluctantly , so do John . gastonia memorial hospital -- outside room 131 Savannah motion to John -- after you . John walk into the room . there 's a 14 year old boy sit in the chair beneath the tv , and he glance up as they enter . 106 . 14 year old boy hello , John . John do a double take . JOHN Alan ? but Alan 's already focus back on the nintendo DS in he hand . John can hardly believe it 's he . JOHN wow . you have get big . tim yeah , they grow up fast , do not they ? John turn to find tim sit up in the hospital bed . he look much older -- he skin be pale , almost translucent , and he 's lose a lot of weight . Savannah kiss he hello , hand he a thermos of coffee . they make some small talk , then she turn to Alan in the chair . savannah Alan ? let 's go get a soda , okay ? Alan dutifully follow Savannah out . she glance back into the room before she go , but she do not say a word . now John and Tim be suddenly leave all alone . tim guess you must want to kick my ass , huh ? John shrug . JOHN not much I can do about that in here , be there ? Tim grin back at he . tim all part of my master plan . JOHN yeah ? ( as he survey the room ) helluva plan . tim thanks . 107 . JOHN I can not stay long . I have really , I have get ... somewhere I need to be -- tim it 's okay , I understand . you want some jello ? it 's lime today . the menu say cherry , but that 's what they do , they keep you on you toe here . JOHN I will pass . tim I love she . just so you know . John glance at he , surprised by the sudden shift in topic . tim I have love she for as long as I can remember . whatever my life be like before I fall in love with she , it 's go now , wipe away . I want you to know that . it probably do not matter to you , but it matter to I . John do not respond . tim I be sorry , though . for how it happen , with you so far away . I be sorry for what I do -- JOHN Tim ... tim no . let I finish . I be sorry for what I do . but I would not undo it . because now , if ... ( he trail off ) ... well , now I know Alan will always have somebody to take care of he , no matter what . now I know he 'il always be in good hand . and as much as I like you , John ... I be he father , so he 's the most important thing in the world to I . ( then , directly to John ) and I think that 's something you , especially , can understand . John look away . Tim continue to watch he carefully . 108 . then he start to cough . it come on normally , maybe a little raspy at first , but turn into a full - on coughing fit . John watch on hopelessly as Tim seem to cough up a lung . John have no idea what he 's suppose to do -- be he suppose to call a nurse ? suppose to help he somehow ? and then , just as quickly as it start , it stop again . Tim lie in bed , sweat like crazy , wave John off . tim I be fine , I be fine , I be . do not need that lung anyway , no big deal . she still love you , you know . once again , John 's take by surprise . tim trust I , it 's plain as day . she 's never quite look at I the way she use to look at you . I wish that be not the case , but I have have plenty of time to make my peace with it , believe I . John stand uncomfortably by the side of the bed . tim I be glad you come , though , John , I be . because the question now be , who 's gonna take care of she no matter what ? she 's young . she 's beautiful -- JOHN Tim ... tim what ? I can not be realistic ? she ’1ll meet somebody else . eventually . she 'il have to . then Tim look John directly in the eye . tim and I do not have any control over it , obviously . I just wish I have the chance to look whoever it 's 1ll be in the eye and tell he to take care of she . to treat she right . to love she as much as I do . just then a nurse interrupt , bring Tim nightly cocktail of drug . it 's a obscene amount of pill . Tim grin . 109 . tim alright . my hor d'ouvre . the nurse smile -- obviously she like he . she hand over the pill , let he start on they while she prep he arm for a shot , pull out a enormous 14 gauge needle . John back away , try to give Tim he privacy . JOHN I should go , tim. but ... good luck . Tim look over at John as the giant needle enter he arm . tim thanks . I will not lie , I could probably use a little luck right now . then , as he bite down on he lip , cringing from the pain : back outside the hospital --— John walk out . find Savannah sit on the step , puffing on a cigarette . he can not believe what he 's see . JOHN what , you smoke now ? she stand up . put the pack back in she purse . savannah just one or two when I be stress . John stare at she . see how much she 's change . JOHN be I stress you out ? she shrug . exhales a puff of smoke . savannah get in line . then she call over to Alan , who 's lie nearby in the grass . savannah Alan , let 's go say goodbye to dad . Savannah look back at John as she lead Alan inside . savannah give we a minute ? John nod . watch they disappear through the door . 110 . in savannah's car -- later Savannah drive . John sit quietly in the front seat next to she . Alan 's in the back , he nose in he videogame as usual . they come to a stop at a red light and pull up next to a van . Inside be a adult driver and a bunch of kide . it 's a church group , or a school trip , or a child 's home -- or something . one little girl look out the van 's window longingly back into Savannah 's car . she and John make eye contact , and John can tell what she see . she see what look like a family . back at the house in lenoir -- Savannah turn the car onto the dirt driveway . as soon as she pull up to the house , Alan bolt out , head straight for the stable . Savannah call after he . savannah dinner in ten minute ! Alan wave as he disappear inside the stable . Savannah stare after he for a beat , then turn to John . savannah you hungry ? in the kitchen -- later John , Savannah , and Alan finish off plate of beef stroganoff and potato au gratin . John 's impressed . JOHN I do not know you be such a good cook . savannah I be not . my mom be . she make it , wrap it up , send it over . all I do be heat it up . Alan finish first , slam he fork down like it 's a race . alan can I be excuse ? before Savannah can even finish nodd , Alan 's out the door , back to the stable . John watch he through the window . JOHN he still love that horse , huh ? 111 . savannah oh , he 'il be out there till bedtime . no point convincing he otherwise . John turn around to find Savannah open a bottle of red wine , pour out a glass for each of they . JOHN you drink now too ? savannah just a glass of wine or two after dinner . Tim get I start . she hand he he glass . John watch she take a long sip . JOHN be he gonna make it ? Savannah sit down at the table . look more tired than ever . savannah not with the treatment he 's get now . he need to get out of here . out of that hospital . all they can do there be interferon , and it 's not work . md Anderson start testing a new vaccine in June -- not for prevention like most vaccine , but for treatment . it 's he best chance , but the health care company will not pay for it , that -- she stop herself . take a deep , calming breath . savannah it 's a experimental treatment , the vaccine , and no health care company in the world pay for experimental treatment . JOHN and go ahead without coverage be not a option ? she laugh out loud , despite herself . savannah like I say -- life 's expensive . my parent sell the beach house a year ago to help with the medical cost . it 's only get worse since then . she finish she glass ( John 's barely start he ) , pour herself another . 112 . savannah they take a second mortgage on they main house . we take a second on ours . but we have already go through most all of it . we open up a charitable foundation for donation , we will do some fundraiser , but ... she trail off . stands up . go over to the window , stare out at the stable and the night sky . savannah he get the diagnosis eight month after I see you last . eight month after that night at my parent . she do not look over at John . keeps stare out the window . savannah at first , I just want to help . I start come by as much as I could to give he a hand with Alan . to give he a shoulder to cry on . John stand in the kitchen silently . do not interrupt . let she say whatever she need to say . savannah we do not plan it . I do not even know how it happen , really . she start to become emotional . tries to push through it . savannah I keep write you letter , though . every seven day . I feel terrible about it , but I could not stop . I could not stop write to you . I could not stop try to tell you . she turn away from he . John do not move . JOHN I try to write back , you know . while I be hole up in the hospital after I get shot , I start to write you a bunch of time . never send any of they , though . never even finish they . Savannah turn back around . finally look at he . savannah you be shot ? 113. John nod . Savannah 's face be pain . savannah where ? John pause . then he stand up , slowly remove he coat and tie . unbutton he shirt . maintain eye contact with she the whole time while he pull the shirt off . underneath be a army issue wife beater . his shoulder wound be visible , round and only a quarter of a inch wide . hard to believe it 's so small . Savannah touch it lightly -- the tip of she thumb completely cover it up . she step around he , look for the exit wound . she gasp when she see it -- it 's huge , and scar tissue cover the entire back of he shoulder . she brushes it with she hand . then she step back in front of John . slowly , he lift he shirt up . she find another small , round scar above he abdomen . she brushes she finger over this one , too . when she finally look up at he , tear be stream down she face . she touch he leave eyebrow , just like she do back at that half - build house in wilmington seven year ago . savannah so many scar ... she start to cry harder now . John let she . savannah I be sorry , John . John still do not respond . know she 's not apologize for this scar , but for the other one . savannah why do this thing happen to we ? huh ? what have we do to deserve all this ? be it karma ? be that it ? she pause , try to regain she composure . savannah it 's like that two week we spend together be too perfect , you know ? it be not fair for we to have a few week like that in a world like this , and so we have to pay they back for it . I think we have be pay they back for it ever since . John look away . Savannah wipe she eye , pour they each a 114 . new glass , toss away the bottle . savannah c’mon . there 's something I want to show you . in the live room -- John sit on the couch with he glass of wine . Savannah come into the room with a thick folder , sit next to he . savannah I save every single one of they . John open the folder . flip through all the letter he ever write she . the memory flood back . the very last letter be on the back of a old phone bill . he flip it over -- it 's just four word : I love you . JOHN . savannah even you first . John look over at she . they be suddenly very close . Savannah do not take she eye off of he . they face be just inch apart . they be have a moment . then Savannah accidently knock she wine glass over . she rescue the folder of letter , but she blouse and John 's undershirt be douse . savannah shoot . I be sorry . JOHN do not worry about it , it 's a two dollar undershirt . she look down at she own blouse , which be much worse off . savannah this be one of my favorite , though . I should get it soaking . she head down the hall , turn into one of the bedroom . John stand too , head into the hallway bathroom -- -- turn on the faucet , start spot rinsing he shirt . but in the mirror 's reflection -- -- he can see Savannah through the crack door of the bedroom across the hall . she 's topless , with she back to he . 115 . although he try , he cannot turn away . Savannah sense he stare , look over she shoulder . caught , John wait for she to cover herself and close the door . but she do neither . instead , she catch he eye and hold it , willing he to continue watch she . and then , slowly , she turn around . they stand there face each other through the reflection , with only the narrow hallway separate they . neither one of they move . neither one of they gaze waver . suddenly the front door crash OPEN and shatter the quiet . alan ten o'clock ! bedtime ! Savannah turn , grab a shirt to pull on . John walk out of the bathroom just in time to see Alan hurry up the stair . JOHN goodnight , Alan . but he do not respond . Savannah come out into the hallway , fully dress now , and call up after he . savannah take a bath and brush you tooth , okay ? i’1l be up in fifteen minute to tuck you in . alan 's voice twelve minute ! gotta be in bed in twelve minute ! savannah so i’1l be up in twelve minute then . Savannah grin over at John . look at he hopefully . savannah only twelve minute . if you wanna stay I could ... make coffee , or ... John sigh . know what 's leave unsaid when she trail off . he look back at she ... and then he make he mind up . he turn , walk back into the kitchen . Savannah follow he , watch he grab he shirt and coat . she 's stunne . savannah you be leave ? John look back at she sadly . apologetically . 116. JOHN I be sorry . Savannah 's eye start to well up , but she fight the tear back . John watch she , choose he word carefully . JOHN the thing be -- I think I be always so busy feel bad for myself , I never realize how tough it must have be for you . how tough that decision must have be to make . he finish get dress , walk towards she . JOHN but you make it . you make a decision because you have to . and I respect that . I have to respect that . Savannah start to tremble . savannah John , I ... I be so -- JOHN ( interrupt ) it 's okay . you have say " I be sorry " enough . it 's my turn now . she reach out , wrap she arm around he , hold on tightly . know he 's leave and there 's nothing she can do about it . savannah we will see each other again , though . right ? I will see you soon then ? John do not answer . he pull himself away , head to the door . JOHN Goodbye , Savannah . savannah no . no , you be suppose to say '' I will see you soon then '' . remember ? when I ask '' I will see you soon then ? '' you be suppose to ... she trail off . John turn to she . she 's cry softly now , desperate and indignant and plead -- savannah John . you be suppose to say it . you be suppose to say '' I will see you soon then . '' 117 . John look back at she . take she in one final time . this might be the hardest thing he 's ever have to do . then , without another word , he walk out . Savannah go to the window , watch as he get into he car , turn it on , and head up the driveway . only when he finally disappear from view do she finally start to sob . in a mostly empty coin shop -- the following day the front door chime , and the dealer look up ( he be a face we have see before ) . John nod hello . JOHN hi . you probably do not remember I , but you know my father -- Bill tyree ? coin dealer course I do . have not see he ina while , how be he ? John do not answer at first . he just take in the store , remember the first time he step foot in here , almost twenty year ago now . JOHN you offer to buy he whole collection once . do not you ? coin dealer sure do . more than once . John walk through the display case , eyeball the row and row of coin laid out under the glass . JOHN just out of curiosity ... how much do you think it 's worth ? all he stuff ? coin dealer a collection big as you dad 's ? he whistle , let he know -- serious money . John nod , finally look the Dealer in the eye . JOHN think you could lend I a hand ? outside -- John pop he trunk . 118. JOHN there 's only one condition -- the mule stay together . offer they as a set . keep they yourself . but they stay together , okay ? the Dealer eye the box and box jamme into the trunk . see that even more box be stack in the backseat . turn to John in disbelief . coin dealer you be really gonna sell I all you daddy 's coin ? John look over at he . JOHN all but one . somewhere in the middle east -- month later John stand in the middle of the desert . take in the view . in he hand -- he flip a glass - encased coin through he finger . a very familiar glass - encase coin . around he , he team ( many of whom be new face ) argue where base camp should be set up . John shush they all . JOHN guy . this come up nickel side , we set up here , where we have get shade . come up penny side , we set up on the ridge , where we have visibility . John flip the coin high up in the air , let it fall into the sand . one of the other go to check out the result . GREEN beret it 's tail . ( beat ) so what do that mean ? John take the coin back . he carefully wipe a smudge from the glass , then tuck it safely into he pocket . JOHN it mean we be gonna need sunscreen . some of the soldier groan -- but they all get to work . as John help to coordinate the move , a young beret walk up with a delivery . young beret sargeant Major ? 119 . JOHN no rank in the field , son . he look down at the delivery in the kid 's hand -- it 's a letter . the handwrite be familiar . so be the clean , white envelope . he instantly know what it be . John take the letter , find himself a secluded spot , carefully open it up . and then he begin to read . savannah's voice dear John ... drift away from John , alone in this sea of sand . savannah's voice it 's be almost five year since I write a letter with a actual pen , on a actual sheet of notebook paper . I do not think I realize until today how much I have miss it . back at the house in lenoir -- Savannah watch Alan sit at the kitchen table , carefully pencile in word on a large banner . savannah 's voice though I suppose it 's not really write letter that I miss . it 's write letter to you . she hand Alan a magic marker . watch as he start back at the beginning , trace he pencil line with the marker . watch the ink seep into the paper . savannah so I think maybe I could write to you , now , and let you know all that 's happen since I see you last . in her bedroom -- Savannah sit in a private corner , all alone , and put she own pen to paper again . savannah's voice a few week after you show up in lenoir , a anonymous donation be make to Tim 's foundation , a donation big enough for we to buy he a spot in the experimental vaccination program at md Anderson . 120 . in the outpatient wing of a strange hospital -— -— Tim sit in bed , much of the color back in he face . he smile warmly at the nurse check he blood pressure . savannah's voice he 's back in Houston right now for he final treatment , but he 's be in remission for two month . we be not sure if it will last ... on a pair of automatic door -- -- as they whisk open , and Tim step out in street clothes . savannah's voice .-- but it might , and that 's good enough for we . drift toward the house in lenoir -- -- where car be park all over the yard , and above the front door hang Alan 's banner , very impressively lettere , which read : welcome home , dad . drift through the door to find the party already in swing . savannah's voice as for the donation , I can not even begin to imagine who out there would do such a selfless thing as that in such a selfish world as this . Savannah show a healthy look Tim through the crowd . they greet they guest : here be Mr. and Mrs. curtis , who happily hug they son-in- law ... savannah's voice and I realize , of course , that all this person have ask , in return for save my husband 's life , be to remain anonymous . ..- here be Alan , dress up in a suit , shyly try to engage a gawky girl in actual conversation ... savannah 's voice so although it be difficult , I know I must respect he wish . which mean all I can do be wake up every morning and say thank you . to the sky . to no one . to everyone . Savannah look at Alan , she parent , she healthy husband . she look around at all of this people , here to support he . 121. her eye water with gratitude . savannah's voice it 's a small gesture , but it 's all that I have . I hope that it be enough . then she excuse herself from the group , walk across the room to a empty corner . savannah's voice and that 's the gift this person have give I . that 's what have be miss from my life , and that 's what 's be return to I now . in this empty corner , there be a window , and Savannah stare out it , lose in think . savannah's voice hope . back in the middle of the party --— Tim look around the crowd , surround by all this people who love he . he know how lucky he be . savannah's voice I hope this letter find you well , John . then Tim suddenly realize that something be miss . he look around the party , try to find he wife ... ..- but she 's nowhere to be find now . outside -- although the party be in full swing indoors , thing be much quieter out here . as the wind rustle through the tree -- savannah's voice actually , I just hope this letter find you , period . in the stable -- Alan show off he favorite horse to the gawky girl . while they stand there , petting she in silence , drift past they ... savannah's voice I hope that you be safe , and that you be happy . I have no idea where you be out there in the world , but I understand that I lose the right to know this thing long ago . 122 . toward the MAIN house -- -- where Savannah stand on the porch , alone . then she look up , into the night sky -- savannah's voice I want you to know , though , that no matter how much time pass , no matter how far away you be ... -- where she find the full moon above she ... and as she raise she thumb to cover it up -- savannah's voice .-- on night like this , you will always be here with I . drift away from her -- -- pull back from the house , head down the driveway , up the hill , towards the wood by the main road ... savannah's voice and more than anything else , I hope that part of I be out there with you , too ... ..- landing by one tree in particular ... savannah's voice ... wherever you may be . ...to find John stand in the shadow behind it . he watch Savannah stare up at they moon , like he have hope that she would , and it make he smile . then , after a long moment , John turn ... and as he start to head back to he car , to he house , to wherever he come from -- -- he disappear back into the shadow underneath the moon , which loom large above everything . fade to black