death at a funeral written by Chris rock &amp ; aeysha carr base on " death at a funeral " by Dean Craig 02/6/09 fade in : music cue : " don't worry , be happy " by Bobby mcferrin play as we begin credit int . funeral home - day we pan across a room fill with casket . ext . church - day people somberly walk into a church . ext . funeral home - day we see the sign outside of various funeral home . ext . cemetery - day we close in on a headstone that read : " death at a funeral " . ext . church - day asian pall bearer carry a coffin into a church . ext . cemetery - day we push in on another headstone that read : " star Chris rock " . as we push through the cemetery , we see various co - star ' name chisele on headstone . we see a fleet of hearse drive through a cemetery . int . florist - day we see a florist make a funeral arrangement . ext . cemetery - day close up of another headstone that have the director 's name chisele on it . end credit int . live room - day music cue : the music fade out . tight shot on aaron ( CHRIS rock ) thirty , dress in a black suit and tie . he look straight ahead with a somber expression . the camera pull back to reveal he be watch four undertaker ( including brian ) place a coffin on a raise platform . ( continued ) 2 . continued : the live room have be prepare for the funeral service , with several row of chair laid out . brian would you like to see ... Aaron nod he head " yes " , as brian begin to open the coffin . Aaron cross to the coffin . there 's a dramatic moment as Aaron move to the coffin and brace himself for what he 's about to see . the coffin open and Aaron stare long and hard at the body . aaron Brian ... who be that ? brian Excuse I ? aaron who be this man I be look at ? ' Cause it 's not my father . brian be you sure ? aaron be you ask I if I be sure I know what my father look like ? brian people make mistake in time of grief . aaron man , look at the damn body ! Brian peer into the coffin . we see it 's a asian man . brian oh shit ! the other undertaker look embarrassed . aaron come on , Brian . you know what my father look like . he use to take you to little league . brian I be sorry , man . I get a little nervous . this almost never happen . ( continued ) 3. continued : ( 2 ) aaron it 's happen before ?! you mean this be a normal thing ?... this be not Burger King . you can not just mess up my order . brian I think I know where he be . aaron you think ? CUT to : int . asian funeral - same time Close up of the casket open . people look confuse . the man look into the coffin speak chinese with subtitles . asian man ( in chinese ) that 's not my father . CUT to : int . live room - same time aaron I better ., see my dad in this coffin in a hour , or you be go to take he place . the undertaker pick up the coffin and shuffle out awkwardly . brian do not worry . I will get he , man . aaron you do that . ( to himself ) my people , my people , my people ... int . bedroom - day Aaron enter the bedroom . his wife , michelle , also thirty , attractive , be put on makeup with a thermometer hang from she mouth . Aaron stand look dumbfounded . aaron they bring the wrong body . can you believe that ? ( continued ) 4. continued : michelle ( muffle because of thermometer ) the wrong body ?! do they know where he be ? aaron they think so . they be get he now . the thermometer beep and Michelle remove it from she mouth .. michelle I tell you not to use marshal . but no , you want to keep it in the neighborhood . I know swartz cost a little more , but at least they know where the body be . Michelle write something down on a piece of paper as Aaron cross the room and sit on the bed . aaron you be right . please do not rub it in , not today . I have get so much to worry about . Michelle get up and head to the bathroom as Aaron take out some index card and look they over . aaron ( cont 'd ) dad insisted on have the funeral here , Mom 's cry all the time , Ryan do not help with anything , not like he ever do ! plus my eulogy suck . I can not wait until this day be over . michelle ( o.s. ) oh come on , honey . I be sure it 's not that bad . aaron if it be , at least dad 's too dead to hear it . Michelle exit the bathroom . michelle honey , it 's go to be fine . ( continued ) 5 continued : ( 2 ) aaron it do not matter what I write . all anybody 's go to be think be " why be not Ryan do the eulogy ? even I be go to be think it . she hold he close . michelle baby , you be the oldest . you have to do the eulogy . besides , I think you be just as good a writer as you brother . you just need to let someone read you book . aaronlook away . aaron soon . it 's not ready to be read yet . michelle I be sure it 's fine . once the funeral 's over , and everything die down -- Aaron give she a look . michelle ( cont 'd ) sorry . look , once this be all over , you know you mom 's think about sell the house , so you know we have get to get out .of here . Aaron look a little uncomfortable and head to the bathroom . michelle ( cont 'd ) you call they , right ? silence from Aaron in the next room . michelle ( cont 'd ) Aaron ?... you put the down payment on the condo , right ? aaron ( o.c . ) I say I would take care of it and I will take care of it . Michelle look frustrated and cross into the bathroom . 6 . int . bathroom - continuous Aaron be at the mirror . michelle you better , because I can not live with you mother anymore . I have do my time , now it 's time for you brother to take over . from now on , it 's only Christmas and birthdays for we . once we move , we can concentrate on you write and we baby . Michelle get down on she knee and start unzipping Aaron 's pants . Aaron pull back . aaron hey , hey , hey . be you serious ? we have to do this today ? Michelle be still on the ground . michelle yes . today 's the last day of this cycle . aaron can I at least find the body first ? ext . freeway - wide shot - day we see norman' car speed along the freeway . int . norman be car - moving - day norman , black , slightly heavier and riddled with anxiety , be drive . his friend , derek , a attractive , white , clean cut doctor , ride in the passenger seat . norman I hate funeral . it 's all death , death , death . derek I do not think funeral be design for anybody to really like . norman I do not want a regular funeral . when I die , I want people to celebrate my life . ( continued ) death at a funeral 02/6/09 continued : derek not I . I want it to be the saddest day ever . I want the stock market to stop . school to close . and no garbage pick -up . derek start to light a cigarette . norman you still smoke ? derek you use to smoke . norman I use to piss my pants too , but I stop . the only thing I want black be my skin . at least open the window . derek open the window very slightly . norman ( cont 'd ) I have get enough problem of my own to deal with . derek ( dubious ) yeah ? what problem ? norman I tell you ... about the rash ... derek get to use condom . norman .on my hand ... derek still get to use condom . norman look at it . norman pull up he sleeve and make derek look at he wrist , but he do not take a great deal of interest . derek that 's not a rash . norman what be it ? ( continued ) B. continued : ( 2 ) derek I do not know , but it do not look right . norman oh , damn . norman continue to drive . derek continue to smoke . norman ( cont 'd ) if you hate funeral so much why be you come ? derek you know why . norman come on , man , leave Elaine alone . derek I can not . she 's the one . norman so you be go to win she back over a dead body ? derek if I have to . int . elaine's car - moving - day elaine , very attractive , 27 , and she boyfriend oscar , white , 35 , be drive along wear funeral attire . oscar look quite anxious as he keep he eye firmly on the road . elaine be you okay ? oscar yeah , just a little nervous ... elaine about see my dad ? oscar I just do not think I have ever be so openly hate by anyone before . elaine he do not hate you . he just love derek . ( continued ) 9 . continued : oscar great . that make I feel much better . elaine at least you know it 's not you , so try not to get so nervous when he 's around . oscar I can not help it . he put I on edge . I feel like I owe he money . elaine he 's go to be more . concerned that he brother - in - law just die . he will not be focus on you . anyway , when I tell he we be get marry , he will have to accept you . Elaine take he hand . as they exchange a loving look , oscar take he eye off the road for just a brief moment . suddenly there 's a bump !!! and we see a bicyclist fly over oscar 's car . oscar screech to a halt . they jump out of the car . oscar oh my God . be you okay ? the guy get up . he 's fine . bike guy yeah , I be fine . oscar be you sure ? be anything break ? I be so sorry . bike guy it be my fault . I run a light . oscar start hyperventilate . oscar I could have kill you . what if you have crack you head open ? I would have blood on my hand ! Elaine shake he . elaine oscar , calm down ! ( beat ) ( more ) ( continued ) 10 . continued : ( 2 ) elaine ( cont 'd ) you hear the man , he run a light . come on , let 's get out of here before he want to sue . she grab he and pull he into the car . int . bathroom - day the camera be close on Michelle 's head which be move back and forth . we pull back to reveal Aaron . they be do it stand up . michelle what 's take you so long ? aaron I just start . michelle you want this baby as much I . come on . aaron I be try . michelle if I do not want you to come , you would have do it five minute ago . aaron do I have to do this today ? the door open and a housekeeper stick she head in . housekeeper who 's pick up uncle Russell ? -- Aaron and Elaine quickly pull apart . as the housekeeper step back out into the hall . aaron oh shit , uncle Russell . Aaron fix he pants as he exit the room . int . norman' car moving - day norman 's cell phone ring . he answer . norman hello ?... how be you ?... okay .. 11 . int . hallway - continuous aaron I need you to pick up uncle Russell . int . norman be car - moving - continuous norman uncle Russell ?! damn ! he 's always in a bad mood . int . hallway - continuous aaron it 's not a mood if he 's always in it . it 's he personality . can you do it ? int . norman be car - moving - continuous norman alright ... ' alright . I will do it . see you soon . bye . norman hang up irritate . ext . wide shot of a freeway - day we see norman 's car exite the freeway . int . live room - day Aaron and Michelle be stand to the side as the undertaker place the coffin on the stand . Brian nervously lift the lid and Aaron look inside . brian ( respectful ) so be this you father ? aaron come on , man . you know that 's my father . brian just try to be professional . what up , Michelle ? michelle ( dryly ) Brian . ( continued ) 12 . continued : he close the lid and all four undertaker quietly head off . Aaron look up and see he mother , Cynthia , have enter the room . Cynthia be clearly drain and tired . she stare at the coffin . aaron Mom , how be you feel ? cynthia there be so many thing we want to do ... we be go to go to China . aaron China ? you do not even like chinese food . cynthia that 's not the point . I have not be feel good . who know how long I be go to live without he . it happen all the time . one spouse go and then the next . I mean , it might be different if I have a grandchild to take my mind off of everything . michelle Cynthia , I -- they all cross to the coffin . aaron ( cut Michelle off ) come on , Mom . you be healthy . you will be fine . you have get you friend and family ... Cynthia , Aaron and Michelle stand around the coffin . cynthia where be Ryan ? have you hear from he ? aaron he will be here soon . cynthia just see that boy 's face make I feel better . I have miss he so much . my baby . ( continued ) 13 . continued : ( 2 ) she look down at the coffin . Aaron turn away frustrated . Michelle gently touch the coffin . michelle do you need anything , Cynthia ? cynthia yeah , you can get you hand off my husband 's coffin . you be leave smudge mark . Michelle try to wipe it off with she sleeve . ext . STREET - jeff' house - day music : " paper plane " by m.i.a. Elaine and oscar be walk up the stair of a typical college apartment building . int . jeff' house - same the music be come from Jeff 's speaker . jeff , dress for the funeral , sit at he desk . he 's hold a pill bottle that say : " valium . " jeff yeah , I find they . the one in the valium bottle ?... yeah ... I will get they to you this evening ... can not do this afternoon ... it 's you fault you leave they here ... I have get a funeral ... my uncle die ... yeah , tragic ... no , I have not take any . I see what they do to you ... what be they anyway ?... the doorbell ring . jeff ( cont 'd ) I have gotta go , my sister 's here ... I will take they with I and stop by after the funeral ... bye . the doorbell ring again . jeff ( cont 'd ) hang on ! Jeff stand up and we see that he 's only half dress for the funeral . he do not have any pants on . ( continued ) 14 . continued : he put the bottle on the counter then cross to the door and let Elaine and oscar inside . jeff ( cont 'd ) hey , what 's up ? elaine do you always open the door half naked ? come on , Jeff . we be go to be late . jeff I have just get to put my pants on and I be ready . oscar be still a little shaky . jeff ( cont 'd ) ( re : oscar ) be he okay ? elaine oscar 's freak out . a guy on a bike run into the car . oscar it come out of nowhere . I do not see he . I be sorry . elaine it 's okay , baby . ( then to Jeff ) go put you damn pants on . jeff I be go . I be go . Jeff head off to the bathroom and close the door . Elaine spot the bottle of valium on the table and pick it up . elaine here . take this ..: it will calm you down . oscar what be it ? elaine it 's just valium . ( get a glass of water ) I use to take they all the time ... it will make you feel better , promise . ( continued ) 15 . continued : ( 2 ) I oscar be you sure ? I mean , I have get to drive . elaine it will be okay . I will drive , honey . come on , open wide . she pop the pill in he mouth and hand he some water . oscar swallow . Jeff return wear pants . jeff ready . let 's do it . oscar and Elaine leave , Jeff surreptitiously pick up the valium bottle , put it in he pocket , then follow they out . int / ext . entry way - same time camera be in the entry way now shoot outside . a town car exit , leave Ryan in front of the house . ryan , Aaron 's young brother be taller , more confident , and more successful . he move slowly towards camera and through the front doorway as camera pull back with he . ryan hello ! Mom ! int . live room - day Michelle , Aaron and Cynthia be on the couch as Ryan enter the live room . cynthia Ryan ! Cynthia run over to Ryan and fling she arm around he . Aaron look a bit lose in the background with Michelle but they walk over . ryan I know this be hard , Mom . but you be go to be okay . cynthia you always know exactly what to say , Ryan . I be so glad you be here . ryan I be always here for you , Mom . ( continued ) 16 . continued : aaron I guess if people die every week , we would see you all the time . Ryan turn to Aaron and Michelle . ryan Aaron , how be you ? aaron I be alright . michelle how be the flight ? ryan okay . I have to buy the seat next to I because I do not trust the airline with my bag . and there be a lot of turbulence ... I guess that 's the thing about fly first class . it do not matter how much you pay if the plane crash , you still end up dead -- uh ... Ryan realize what he 's say and stop speak abruptly . it 's too much for Cynthia who rush upstairs . aaron " end up dead " ? ryan oh damn . michelle I will make sure she 's okay . Michelle head off upstairs . ext . lakeview retirement community - same time we see norman 's car turn into " lakeview retirement Community . " he drive past the sign and through a gate . int . norman' car / ext . lakeview - day norman be drive behind three old lady on mobile chair . he 's honk at they . he finally see uncle Russell . norman there he be . ( continued ) 17 . continued : derek you do not tell I the guy be in a wheelchair . uncle russell , a elderly man in a wheelchair , sit in he chair . norman drive forward and stop alongside the old man . he roll down he window and speak very slowly with a huge smile on he face . norman ( over enunciating ) hello , uncle Russell . how be you ? we be here to take you to the funeral . uncle russell where the fuck have you be , you fat bastard ? you be late . if you take any longer I would be dead , too . the fake smile fall off norman 's face . int . live room - day Ryan see the coffin and slowly head over with Aaron trail behind . he stand over the coffin . it finally register that he dad be actually in there . ryan it 's hard to see dad like this . but he 's in a better place now . aaron when do dead beat sick ? ryan I guess you be right . this be why I try not to get close to people . there 's too much emotion involved . aaron well that explain why you never call . ryan what do you want I to say ? some family talk to each other all the time , some just see each other at funeral . that 's we . aaron I guess it be . ( continued ) 18 continued : Ryan take a seat in one of the chair flanking the coffin . Aaron sit as well . aaron ( cont 'd ) by the way , I be go to need that money . ryan what money ? aaron the money for all this ... the funeral . you be suppose to pay half . ryan what about the insurance ? aaron that 's Mom 's money . ryan what about the pension ? aaron that 's Mom 's money . ryan oh. aaron so we be spliting the cost . ryan be we ? aaron yes . we be . ryan oh , okay . aaron so ? ryan I do not have it right now . aaron what do you mean , you do not have it ? you just buy a first class seat for you bag . ( continued ) 19 . continued : ( 2 ) ryan and that 's why I do not have any cash . int .. elaine's car - moving - day Elaine be now drive , oscar be sit in the passenger seat look a little space out , with Jeff in the back . Jeff lean forward . jeff so , poor old uncle Eddie ... elaine yeah . but he be sick for so long . he 's much better off now . jeff Dead ? since when do dead beat sick ? elaine shut up , Jeff . Jeff turn he attention to oscar . jeff I love when you come to family function , oscar . because then dad focus all he hate on you . there 's no response from oscar . he look distantly out the window . the pill be start to kick in . jeff ( cont 'd ) oscar ? oscar be there a dog in here just now ? Elaine look at oscar very -strangely . elaine what ? he sniff . oscar dalmatian ? no , schnauzer ... a beat . ( continued ) 20 . continued : elaine what the hell be you talk about ? oscar fall silent and just go back to look out the window . int . norman be car - later uncle Russell be asleep in the back . norman be look for a parking space , but the street and long driveway be pack with car . a catering truck and flower van be take up a lot of space . norman there 's nowhere to park . then the small flower delivery van pull out . derek point out the newly empty space . derek that truck be pull out . Park there . norman alright . just as he 's about to drive in , another car take it . norman ( cont 'd ) what the hell ? ext . driveway - continuous norman get out of the car . the other car contain Jeff , oscar and Elaine . Jeff get out first follow by Elaine . norman Elaine , I be go to park there . elaine be you family , norman ? norman well , no , but I be like family . elaine no such thing . derek lean out the window . derek hi , Elaine . ( continued ) 21 . continued : elaine what be you do here ? derek you father invite I . elaine oh please . she grab oscar and head to the house follow by Jeff . int . norman be car - continuous norman get back into he car . uncle Russell stir . uncle russell what 's happen ? derek do you see that ?... she totally blow I off . the flower delivery van have be wait to move forward . it 's driver beep the horn . uncle russell I say what 's happen ? be we there ?. norman turn around and look at uncle Russell . norman aw , damn . I have uncle Russell . how could I forget about uncle Russell ? derek have other concern and the van beep again . norman ( cont 'd ) ( to the Van ) yeah , alright !! uncle russell what the hell be go on ? uncle Russell poke norman with he cane . norman ow . derek . barely even look . ( continued ) 22. continued : norman , now highly irritate , be force to drive backwards . ext . front of house - day oscar , Elaine and Jeff be walk to the house as other people arrive . oscar it 's very green here , be not it ?... Green ... very green ... very ... green . Elaine take oscar to the side . elaine oscar , be you alright ? oscar what do you mean ? elaine all this talk about phantom dog and thing be green ... what 's go on ? oscar what be you talk about ? I ' fine . never be greener . oscar wander off , leave Elaine with Jeff . jeff Elaine , what 's wrong with oscar ? elaine I do not know . something 's not right ... angle on : oscar as he wander around the yard . elaine ( cont 'd ) I think it 's the valium . jeff valium ?! elaine I give he a valium at you place . I think he 's just not use to it . jeff oh , right . ( continued ) 23. continued : Jeff 's face reveal he realization of what 's happen . he walk off , leave Elaine watch oscar . ext . driveway - day norman 's car be almost at the corner still be force backwards by the flower van . we see that derek be still lose in he own thought . uncle Russell be poke at norman with he cane . uncle russell you be go the wrong way ! norman ow ! that hurt . derek stop the car , norman . norman what ? derek stop the car . I have to speak with she . I have to speak with Elaine . norman reluctantly stop the car . derek get out . norman what about uncle Russell ? I need help with uncle Russell ! it 's too late . derek be go . the van in front of norman honk the horn . uncle russell what 's go on here ? where be we ?! we be go to be late ! Russell hit he on the arm with he cane . norman ow ! can you please stop do that ?! the van keep beep . norman back up . int . live room - day Ryan be stand with Aaron . they greet the mourner . ( continued ) 24 . continued : ryan ( to mourner ) Nice to see you again . the mourner shake hand with Ryan then walk away . ryan ( cont 'd ) who be all this people ? I do not even recognize half of they . aaron it 's you family . you do not recognize they from the last funeral ? Ryan look around the room . ryan so what side of the family be he on ? aaron who ? ryan the guy in the leather jacket . Ryan look around the room and see a four foot six man ( frank ) approach the coffin . aaron I have no idea . maybe a friend of dad 's from work or something . Aaron turn to Ryan . aaron ( cont 'd ) so , you be tell I I be go to have to pay for the whole funeral ? ryan no I be tell you you will have the money in a few month when I get my advance . aaron I be not a God damn credit agency ! reverend davis , a very calm , serene woman , suddenly appear . reverend davis Aaron , how be you ? ( continued ) 25 . continued : ( 2 ) aaron yes , um ... we be just wait for everyone to arrive , then we can get go . I know you be in a hurry . reverend davis yes , I have two more funeral and a christen . I do not know what it be about the spring , but they be either come in or go out . she laugh , but Aaron and Ryan just look at she . reverend Davis stand there wait to be introduce to Ryan . aaron have you meet my brother , Ryan ? reverend davis ah , the writer , of course . I must admit I squeeze this job in because I want to meet you . I be read " mama 's secret " right now . do not tell anybody , I be not suppose to be read that kind of stuff . ryan I be sure the Lord will forgive you . Aaron be irritate . reverend davis ( to aaron ) you must be very proud of you big brother . he really make something of he life . ( to ryan ) I can not wait to hear you eulogy . aaron no , no , I be do the eulogy . reverend davis oh. I think ... ryan Aaron be the oldest . the reverend try she best not to look disappointed . reverend davis great ... well , I will just make sure have everything I need . ( continued ) 26 . continued : ( 3 ) she look at the coffin and then at the Bible in she hand . reverend davis ( cont 'd ) we have get a body and a Bible . well , I be all set . she walk off . aaron look , I think you should do the eulogy . everyone 's expect you to do it . ryan no , they be not . you be the oldest . you should do it . aaron look most of the people be here for dad , but let 's not kid ourselves . a lot of they be here to hear you eulogy . ryan so imagine how surprised they will be when they hear yours . Ryan walk away . int . kitchen - day Cynthia be help prepare the food to go.out . Michelle be in the background at the sink . duncan , Cynthia 's brother , a middle age doctor , approach . duncan how 's my little sister ? cynthia I be try to hold it together , Duncan . he be a really good husband . my friend always tell I about the crap they husband put they through . I never have to deal with any of that . remember when uncle Matt get that nanny pregnant ? duncan that be horrible . ( continued ) 27 continued : cynthia they do not make them like my Edward anymore . a good husband and a great father to two healthy , strong boy . Michelle cringe in the background . michelle ( to cynthia ) I will make you a cup of coffee , Cynthia . cynthia coffee can do many thing Michelle , but it can not bring back the dead . beat . michelle tea ? int . hallway - continuous Aaron find a quiet place in the hallway and pull out he note . aaron ( read ) " my father be a exceptional man ... my father be a exceptional man ... my father be a exceptional man ... " Michelle approach he . michelle honey , we still need to finish that thing . remember today be the last day . aaron can we talk about this when there 's a little less death in the air ? michelle no . no we can not . aaron honey , I be just not in the mood ... michelle I do not have any panty on . ( continued ) 28 . continued : aaron what ? you do not have any panty on ? it 's my father 's funeral . michelle I be just try to help you out . I will put they back on before the service start . now come on . they turn . Aaron look around the corner into the live room and see the four foot six man stand by a table . Aaron stop Michelle . aaron Babe , do not make it obvious , but that guy in the leather jacket stand by the wall . do not look . do not look . do not look . Michelle catch a glimpse of the guy . aaron ( cont 'd ) do you recognize he ? michelle be not that the guy from the Home Depot ? aaron no , I do not think so . do not look . do not look . michelle do he put in the cable ? aaron no , no , that 's not it . he keep look at I . do not look . do not look . michelle he 's probably just a friend of you father 's . I will meet you in the garage . we have a few minute before uncle Russell get here . Michelle walk off . Aaron peek around the corner again and make eye contact with the four foot six inch man , who seem to be stare straight at he . Aaron avert he eye and head off . 29 . ext . road - day norman park the car and get out . he go to the trunk and remove the wheelchair . uncle russell what be you do ?! be careful with that . uncle Russell bang he cane on the floor impatiently . uncle russell ( cont 'd ) hurry up , we be late . norman slam the trunk close . int . live room - day Aaron try to get across the room as Michelle head into the kitchen . Ryan stop Aaron . aaron oh , Ryan can you keep a eye out -- ryan God damn , that martina have grow up . angle on : martina , nineteen and attractive . aaron be you talk about Little martina ? ryan she be like a teenager when I leave , and now she 's ... you know . she 's like damn . Aaron look distastefully at he brother . aaron can you keep a eye out for uncle Russell ? ryan I think I should go see how she 's be . aaron yeah , why do not you do that ? see if she want a juice box . ( continued ) 30 . continued : Ryan head off towards martina . Aaron continue across the room . frank ( o.s. ) hi there . Aaron turn and find himself cornere by Frank . aaron hello . frank I be really sorry to hear about you dad . he talk about you a lot . I see you wedding picture . you wife 's dress be very beautiful . Aaron be a little uncomfortable . aaron uh ... thanks . man do he ever mention I ?... Frank ? Frank step forward and hold out he hand . Aaron shake it . aaron Frank ?... I do not think so , no ... be you a friend of he ? frank something like that , yeah . Michelle stick she head out of the kitchen . michelle honey . can I see you for a moment ? aaron well , nice to meet you . thanks for come . Aaron walk away , leave Frank alone . ext . STREET - same time wide shot : norman struggle to push uncle Russell up a hill . ( continued ) 31 . continued : uncle russell come on , put you back into it . you be suppose to be a young man . do not you have any strength ? int . hallway - moment later Aaron have almost make it across the room when he be intercept by reverend Davis . reverend davis I think we should get start . really have to leave at three . aaron sure . can we just wait five minute for my uncle Russell ? we can not start without he . reverend davis . of course . ext . front of house - day Elaine and Jeff be talk to some mourner . elaine it 's so nice to see you . woman I be so sorry to hear about you uncle . but he 's in a better place now . I hear Ryan be do the eulogy . oscar , carry a leaf , interrupt the conversation . oscar look ... be not it beautiful ? he wander off again . Elaine do not know what the hell be go on . jeff Elaine , can I speak to you for a minute ? elaine ( to the mourner ) I will see you inside . Jeff take Elaine 's arm with some urgency and move off to the side . ( continued ) 32 continued : elaine ( cont 'd ) what ? what be it ?! jeff I have to tell you something and , I be warning you in advance , you be not go to like it . Elaine look at Jeff concerned . int . live room - same time Aaron be intercept again by Duncan who be talk to Ryan . duncan Aaron . how be we do on time ? aaron as soon as uncle Russell get here we will be ready to start . duncan so what 's this I hear about Ryan not do the eulogy ? ryan I be just tell he how much I be look forward to hearing you eulogy . duncan that 's a shame . I mean , I be sure you will be good , Aaron . it 's just with Ryan be the writer of the family ... aaron yeah . duncan there be people here that do not even know you father . they just come to hear Ryan . aaron would you excuse I ? Aaron walk away . duncan ( to ryan ) so any new book come out ? I just finish " Black hurt . 33. int . garage - same time Aaron close the door behind he . Michelle be wait . they start kissing and pull at each other 's clothes . Aaron stop and lean on the door and sigh . michelle be you alright ? aaron every single person want Ryan to do the eulogy . he be my father , too . I be suppose to do the damn eulogy ! I be the oldest . where be Ryan when I be take care of dad ? michelle calm down . calm down . forget about everyone . you be go to do the eulogy and it 's go to be the best eulogy anyone 's every hear . now could you please do I a favor and get I pregnant ? aaron come on , do I have to do this today ? michelle yes . what do you want ? you want I to talk dirty ? I be gonna suck it . I be gonna to suck it . before Michelle can continue she pg rate dirty talk , there be a knock on the door . man be there more soda in here ? aaron yes ! come in ! Michelle be frustrated . ext . front of house - day Elaine be look at Jeff in absolute shock . elaine what do you mean it 's not valium ? ( continued ) 34 . continued : jeff I mean what you think be valium , be not actually valium . it 's a hallucinogenic . like , acid , mescaline ... special k ... oscar move in the background behind Elaine and Jeff . Elaine look at he . he 's make strange contort expression with he face and point at the sky . other people be start to notice he and think he 's slightly odd . elaine this be not funny , Jeff . jeff I be not be funny . look at he , he 's high as a kite ! oscar stick he head into a huge bush . elaine what the hell be you do leave that stuff around you house ?! jeff a friend leave it . and who the hell just go into someone 's house and take pill ? elaine I think they be valium ! ( take a deep breath ) what be I suppose to do ? should I tell he ? jeff no , do not do that . it will just freak he out ... we will just keep a close eye on he , and make sure he do not get out of control ... and do not let he spend too long talk to one person ... or bush . oscar wander into the front door . Elaine quickly follow he . Jeff reluctantly follow Elaine . derek arrive in time to see this and follow as well . int . live room - day oscar wander in , follow by Elaine and Jeff . Duncan see they enter and approach they . ( continued ) 35 . continued : elaine hi , dad . how be you ? she give he a kiss . duncan not bad consider we be at a funeral . Jeff step forward . jeff hi , dad . he shake he hand . duncan how 's pepperdine treat you ? be Professor Clarke still give you a hard time ? jeff no , no . it 's all work out . do not worry . duncan I be not worried about you . Duncan look pointedly at Elaine , irritate she . Duncan look at oscar who be in the background . duncan ( cont 'd ) so I see you bring you friend . elaine he 's my boyfriend . and you know he name . derek approach . derek Doctor , how nice to see you again . duncan derek . how be you do at the hospital ? derek great . great . we should have lunch soon . I would love to hear what you think about the new pediatric wing at Cedar 's . ( continued ) 36 . continued : ( 2 ) duncan definitely . maybe Elaine would like to join we for lunch ? they both look expectantly at Elaine who look away disgust . Cynthia come up to they and kiss Elaine and Jeff hello . oscar stare at she . cynthia Elaine ... Jeff ... good to see you . elaine I be so sorry , auntie . we be go to miss uncle Edward so much . jeff yeah . he be a great guy . cynthia thank you . elaine oscar , this be my aunt -- oscar grab Cynthia in a tight hug . oscar I be so sorry about ... the death ... he sing " amazing Grace " softly as Duncan , derek , Jeff and Elaine look on . oscar ( cont 'd ) amazing Grace / how sweet the sound / that save a wretch like I ... Cynthia untangle herself from oscar . she head back outside . Duncan give Elaine a look , then head off after Cynthia . jeff what be you go to do ? elaine I do not know . I can not leave . aunt Cynthia would never speak to I again . Jeff notice that oscar have leave . he rush outside . Elaine follow . derek follow suit . 37 . ext . front of house - day we see oscar emerge from the front doorway follow by Jeff . then come Elaine . Jeff approach oscar and stand with he as Elaine watch from the doorway . derek walk up . derek you look nice , Elaine . elaine I be dress for a funeral . derek yeah , but you make death look sexy . she look at he . derek ( cont 'd ) so , I hear about the engagement . elaine hey , hey . I do not really have time to deal with whatever happen between you and I . but I have not tell my dad yet , so I would appreciate it if you would keep you mouth shut . derek sure . anything for you . derek look over and notice oscar look bewilder . derek ( cont 'd ) so that 's he ? that 's the man you be go to spend the rest of you life with ? Elaine look over at the drugge up oscar . oscar lean over like he 's on a nod . Jeff lean down with he , watch . right before oscar fall over , he come up really fast .- then he start walk . elaine yep , that 's he . oscar who have be walk in circle with a look of awe on he face , change direction and fly by Elaine and derek back into the house with Jeff in tow . ( continued ) 38 . continued : derek Elaine . , I - Elaine follow the guy , leave derek behind . int . live room - same time Aaron be straighten he tie and practice he eulogy . aaron my father be a exceptional man ... my father be -- Frank again approach Aaron . frank actually , there 's something I would like to talk to you about ... when you have a minute . Aaron hear uncle Russell in the background . aaron yeah , that 's great . do you mind if we do it later though ? my uncle just get here . frank sure . Aaron head off . ext . front porch of house - same time norman push Russell up the stair close to where derek be stand . he look like he 's about to collapse from exhaustion . norman let go of the wheelchair and catch he breath . derek grab the chair block norman from view just as Aaron arrive . aaron thank you , derek , you be a life saver . hope it be not too much trouble . derek no problem at all . Aaron wheel uncle Russell inside . aaron how be you do , uncle Russell ? ( continued ) 39 . continued : uncle russell terrible . derek follow , leave norman stand there out of breath . norman can I get a little help ? int . live room - day Aaron enter and nod to reverend Davis , who stand at the front . reverend.davis lady and gentleman , could you all kindly take you seat ? we be about to begin the service . Ryan help martina to she seat . Jeff keep a eye on oscar . Elaine grab oscar and drag he to a seat . Aaron wheel uncle Russell to he place . uncle russell move ! move ! he poke people with he cane . Aaron then take he seat with Michelle . oscar be not look so good . Ryan finally end the conversation with martina and head to he seat . reverend Davis be about to start , but wait as norman , sweat , push through the crowd to he seat . the reverend wait for the disturbance to end , so norman attract the attention of everyone . norman take he seat next to derek . derek lean away . derek ( sniff ) you stink . reverend davis family and friend , we be gather here today to mourn the pass of Edward barne . norman yeah , well , you leave I to push uncle Russell up that damn hill all by myself . then take all the credit . ( continued ) 40 continued : Elaine , turn around . elaine norman , shut up . Elaine turn back around . norman be irritate by this . reverend davis I would like to start with a favorite passage of Edwards from first Samuel chapter 18 , verse 1 - 4 in the King James Bible . ( reading ) " and it come to pass , when he have make a end of speak unto saul , that the soul of Jonathan be knit with the soul of David , and Jonathan love he as he own soul . and saul take he that day , and would let he go no more home to he father 's house ... " while the reverend be talk , norman poke Elaine on the shoulder and lean forward . norman ( whisper ) hey , Elaine , I know you do not think I be part of the family -- elaine ' Cause you be not . norman ( whisper ) . but when you diss I back there , I have uncle Russell in the car . Aaron , disturb by norman 's whisper , look over . norman ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) you steal my parking space , and I have to push he half a mile up a hill . we almost miss the service ! aaronlook over again . elaine ( whisper ) look , norman , if you poke I one more time , I be go to kick you ass . ( continued ) 41 . continued : ( 2 ) aaron ( whisper loudly ) what the hell be go on ?! norman ( whisper ) she steal my parking space ! aaron ( whisper to norman ) stole you parking space ?!. my father 's dead ! Act right . reverend Davis look at they then continue she speech . reverend davis . " then Jonathan and David make a covenant , because he love he as he own soul ... " as she speak , norman look at he wrist , worried . the woman sit next to he smack he wrist down . angle on : Elaine look at Jeff who watch oscar . oscar be fidget and look worried . angle on : Aaron and Michelle . Aaron look worried . reverend davis ( cont 'd ) . " and Jonathan stripped himself of the robe that be upon he , and give it to David , and he garment , even to he sword and to he bow , and to he girdle . " angle on : oscar be laugh . Elaine try to control he . reverend davis ( cont 'd ) and now we will have a few word from Edward 's son , Aaron . Ryan 's older brother . angle on : Aaron as he gather himself . Michelle give Aaron a supportive squeeze of the arm . Aaron look over and see Frank stare at he . angle on : uncle Russell . uncle russell why be not Ryan do the eulogy ? this be bullshit . ( continued ) 42 . continued : ( 3 ) Aaron arrive at the front and look out across the expectant crowd . he 's extremely nervous . aaron good afternoon , everyone . ( he voice crack ) thank you for come ... I never realize dad be so popular . it look like he 's get more friend now that he 's dead . blank face stare back at Aaron . Cynthia look pain . everyone be silent except for oscar who laugh loudly . Elaine silence he with a look . Aaron compose himself and pull he note out . aaron ( cont 'd ) my father be a exceptional man ... he be bear in 1938 . he grow up in Alabama on a farm . he love to take long walk in the wood with he close friend , Bobby . he tell I how they spend they summer day riding they bike through the field and swim in the lake . as Aaron speak , reverend Davis look concerned because the eulogy be so bad . she look to Ryan who look like " what can I do ? " Jeff look more concerned with oscar , whose face be contort with pain . he look like he 's go to burst . angle on : Aaron . aaron ( cont 'd ) dad 's first job be work after school as a assistant to a electrician name Mr. Thompson . back then , black be not allow to wear rubber glove . so my father get shocked a lot . because of that , he have no feel in he fingertip . I ask my dad what he first boss be like ... the drug have get the best of oscar . he suddenly grab Elaine 's arm . Aaron keep talk . oscar do you just see that ? ( continued ) 43. continued : ( 4 ) elaine see what ? oscar the coffin just move . elaine what ? oscar I be tell you I see it move . Aaron become vaguely aware of the disturbance , but battle on with he eulogy . aaron . he say he be a nice man , and surprisingly well dress . when dad be eighteen , he leave home after a argument with he father . he never tell I what that argument be about , but I do know that after leave South Carolina , sadly he and Bob lose touch and never see each other again . dad go to college where he study accounting , a decision which lead to a career in corporate finance ... but he real passion be for the art , with a particular fondness for theatre , dance and musical . he be a charter member of the negro ensemble company and contribute regularly to the Alvin ailey School of dance . oscar 's protest be get louder . Duncan look back at the disruption with a disapprove glare . Elaine look at Jeff who watch , concerned . oscar there , look . it happen again . elaine oscar , please - people start look at oscar , who 's become increasingly vocal , and look increasingly like someone on acid . oscar that coffin 's move ! ( continued ) 44 . continued : ( 5 ) elaine ( whisper ) oscar . just calm down . Aaron look over to oscar . oscar ( shout ) the coffin 's move ! Michelle look worried . Cynthia watch silently . oscar jump up . Aaron stop the eulogy . Elaine be about to die from embarrassment . oscar ( cont 'd ) there 's someone alive in there ! elaine oscar , please sit down . oscar ignore she and walk purposefully towards the coffin . people watch he in astonishment , include Jeff . oscar what the hell be wrong with you people ?! oscar approach the coffin as Aaron step off the dais . Elaine try to hold oscar back , but she can not . elaine ( panicked ) oscar , where be you go ? aaron what be you do ? oscar there 's someone move in there . can not you see ? oscar try to open the coffin . Aaron and Elaine try to restrain he , but can not . a tussle begin . Ryan jump in to help . ryan what the hell be wrong with you ?! elaine Ryan , no ! ( continued ) 45 . continued : ( 6 ) Elaine attempt to grab Ryan . Duncan stand up and try to help . duncan get away from there ! oscar no , I have to show you ! he 's alive ! he 's alive ! the scene descend into absolute chaos with people push and struggle . finally , the coffin fall off the platform and tip over . the dead body of Edward roll out onto the floor at the foot of Cynthia . Cynthia scream . Aaron freeze in shock . Michelle take Cynthia through the kitchen . the live room be leave in chaos . ext . back garden - moment later Elaine drag oscar out the back . Jeff follow . int . kitchen - same time Cynthia , in tear , enter accompany by Aaron , Michelle and reverend Davis . michelle it 's alright , Cynthia . it 's alright . she sit in a chair cry uncontrollably . Aaron be so angry , he just march out . int . live room - continuous some men grab the body and put it back in the coffin . Aaron come out of the kitchen and head to the back yard . as they put the coffin back on the stand , Ryan address the crowd . ryan please let I extend my apology to you all . I understand the incident you just witness be quite shocking , but everything will be ... return ... to it 's proper place . please enjoy the refreshment , and we will call you when we be ready to continue . ( continued ) 46 . continued : uncle russell it would not have happen if Ryan have do the eulogy . Aaron exit through the garden door . ext . back garden - day Aaron storm out to Elaine who be try to comfort oscar . he 's look very disturb . Jeff be also there , look guilty . aaron Elaine , what the hell be that ?! elaine I be so sorry , Aaron . aaron oh , okay . my dead father 's sprawle out on the live room floor , but it 's okay , you be sorry . oscar but the coffin be move . elaine please , Aaron . go back inside . I will explain later . a annoyed and confuse Aaron turn and walk back to the house . he 's almost to the door when Michelle arrive . michelle aaron -- aaron no , I have not make the call about the down payment yet . michelle I be not go to say that . aaron no I be not go to have sex with you . michelle I be not go to say that . aaron what be you go to say ? ( continued ) 47 . continued : michelle ( weakly ) hi. he go inside leave Michelle stand there . Duncan come out and head for oscar . duncan I will kill he ! Elaine try to keep Duncan away from oscar , who be stress enough and look terrify . elaine dad , leave it alone ! duncan leave it alone ?! he just knock my brother - in - law out of he coffin . elaine it be not he fault . duncan yes it be . my sister be in tear . I can not believe you bring this idiot ! I do not ever want to see he again , do you understand I ? elaine I can not do that . duncan why not ? elaine because we be ... move in together . Duncan look over at oscar , who look like he 's just see a ghost . he 's struggle to stand up straight , with Jeff who 's do he best to look after he . duncan be you crazy ? elaine dad , this be not actually what he 's like . he take some drug and -- duncan drug ?! be he on the pipe ? ( continued ) 48 . continued : ( 2 ) Jeff look over , he eye plead with Elaine not to tell on he . elaine no he 's not on the pipe . he take some valium and have a.bad reaction . Jeff look grateful . duncan valium ?! that 's not a valium high . you mother be on valium for forty year . she never knock over a coffin . elaine dad , please . duncan I just want to point out that you will not see derek knock over a coffin . elaine not right now , dad . duncan Fine . I have get to check on Cynthia , but this be not over . Duncan walk back to the house . Elaine walk over to oscar who be hugging a tree . elaine oscar . oscar Elaine . elaine come and sit down . int . live room - day Aaron talk to a mourner . norman come up and hug he . norman be you alright ?... that be insane . he just fall out the coffin like a dead fish . I guess its not much of a metaphor when you be talk about a dead human , but -- ( continued ) death at a funeral 02/6/0.9 49 . continued : Aaron look at norman . aaron norman , please . norman oh yeah ... sorry . it 's just that you never know when it 's you time . like , I have this weird thing on my wrist . I have have it for a few week now . I do not know what it be -- aaron why do not you show it to my uncle Duncan ? he 's a doctor . norman he be ? great . thanks . norman walk off toward the kitchen . he pass uncle Russell and Ryan talk to martina . uncle russell I read you last book , " Black hurt . " ryan good , good . thanks a lot . uncle russell I be not give you a compliment you arrogant bastard . what a load of bullshit . I would not wipe my ass with it . Ryan lead martina away from uncle Russell . ext . back garden - sitting area - day oscar , Elaine and Jeff be stand together . oscar I swear it be move . I must be lose my mind ... ( look at he hand ) why be my hand so big ?! elaine oscar , listen to I . I need to tell you something ... Elaine sit he down on the bench . ( continued ) 50 . continued : oscar what be it ? elaine now ... you remember I give you some valium earlier ? oscar yes . elaine well it turn out that it be not actually valium . oscar just look at Elaine . Jeff slink off into the background . elaine ( cont 'd ) can you hear I ? oscar ( yell ) hello ? int . kitchen - day Cynthia be be comfort by she friend and Duncan . norman enter and beckon Duncan over to the side . norman hello , Doctor , I know this be a bad time , but I have get this thing on my hand . I have have it for week now ... Duncan be look at norman incredulously . norman ( cont 'd ) what do you think it be ? Cynthia stand up . cynthia Duncan , I be go back now . she exit . reluctantly , Duncan answer norman . duncan you should probably go see a dermatologist . he turn to follow he sister out , but norman pull he back . ( continued ) 51 . continued : norman really ? why ? what do you think it be ? duncan I do not know . it look like some kind of pigment mutation . Duncan walk further out of the room . norman pigment mutation ?! Duncan turn again . duncan you be probably just allergic to something . maybe from shellfish , nut ... Duncan head further out of the room , but norman will not give up . norman nut ? what kind of nut ? Duncan turn around again . duncan I do not know . pecan ? peanut ?... Excuse I . Duncan finally exit , leave norman look shocked and terrify . norman ( to himself ) a pigment mutation ? ext . back garden - sitting area - day Elaine be try to explain to oscar . elaine do you understand ? hallucinogenic . oscar recoil . he turn to Jeff . jeff yeah , now , the best thing to do be relax and just go with the flow . try and enjoy it . ( continued ) 52 . continued : oscar stand up , panicked and grab Jeff by the lapel . we see the bottle of " valium " fall out of he pocket . oscar you ! elaine oscar ! she try to pull he off Jeff . oscar how long do it last ? jeff I do not know ... eight hour ? oscar eight hour ?! of this ?!! elaine oscar let go . she pull he off Jeff . angle on : derek watch from the window . oscar I be go to be sick . angle on : derek smoothing he hair see he opportunity . angle on : oscar run inside . Elaine follow with Jeff in tow . elaine oscar ! come back . they head into the house . int . back door - day derek have be look at Elaine outside and wait for he moment . Elaine come rush in follow oscar . derek oh , hi , Elaine . you follow I ? she just run right past , then Jeff rush past follow Elaine . oscar push through people . elaine Excuse I . sorry . Excuse I . ( continued ) 53. continued : Elaine grab oscar and lead he to the stair . elaine ( cont 'd ) Excuse I . he 's go to be sick . they head up the stair with Jeff follow . int . upstair corridor - day Elaine round the corner and lead oscar to the bathroom . go in and shut the door behind he . int . bathroom - day oscar be building up quite a sweat and mumble to himself . he catch he reflection in the mirror and scream ! Elaine open the door . elaine oscar . oscar grab the hair - dryer and wield it like a gun . oscar stand back ! elaine oscar , put down the dryer . oscar get back or I will blow you head off . oscar back Elaine out of the bathroom . elaine oscar , please -- oscar shut the door and lock it . int . upstair corridor - same time Elaine be press against the door . elaine oscar , be you okay ? she try to open the door , but it 's lock . Jeff walk up check he pocket . elaine ( cont 'd ) oscar , let I in . ( continued ) 54 . continued : Jeff realize he lose the pill bottle . elaine ( cont 'd ) oscar . oscar ? jeff uh ... Elaine ... I can not find the pill bottle ? but Elaine be too busy to hear . elaine oscar ! open the door . Jeff look at the floor as he leave . int . bathroom - same time oscar be talk to himself in the mirror . oscar okay . breathe . ( he doe ) it 's go to be okay . breathe . you be and investment banker . you have handle merger for billion dollar company . you can do this . Dead body do not move . they do not move . but that body be move . it be move . then he slap himself . oscar ( cont 'd ) snap out of it ! you can handle this . you can do this . he run the tap and splashes some water on he face . oscar ( cont 'd ) alright . you be okay . stay calm ... stay calm ... oscar be still stare at himself in the mirror . oscar ( cont 'd ) that 's it , oscar , keep it together . k.i.t. keep it together . k.i.t. keep it together . everything 's go to be fine . nothing move . Dead people do not move . they be stiff . they do not move , do they ? ( more ) ( continued ) 55 continued : oscar ( cont 'd ) ( he scream at himself in the mirror ) do they !!!! int . upstair corridor Elaine have she ear press against the door . she hear the scream . int . bathroom - same time oscar easy now . easy now . we can do this . a few hour . that 's nothing . no sweat . I mean you have already be in here for ... he look at he watch . oscar ( cont 'd ) where 's my watch ?! he see it 's on the other wrist . oscar ( cont 'd ) oh ! he check the time . oscar ( cont 'd ) it 's already be ... int . upstair corridor - same time Elaine continue to knock on the door . elaine open the door . oscar . int . bathroom - same time oscar finally get a read on he watch . oscar five minute . suddenly the pressure of . the situation overtake he . oscar ( cont 'd ) God damn ! shit ! shit ! shit ! shit ! 56 . int . downstair '- same time as the scream and cursing go on upstairs , Aaron approach a mourner who look concerned . oscar ( o.s. ) shit ! shit ! shit ! shit ! shit ! aaron it 's alright . Aaron turn around not know what to do . frank ( o.s. ) grief do strange thing to people . Aaron look at he a little freak out by he sudden appearance . aaron I guess so . frank if you remember , I have something to talk to you about . aaron oh yeah . frank be there somewhere private we could go ? aaron sure . they walk away . the scream continue as Jeff , frantically , but slowly come down the stair re-trace he step and search around for he lose bottle of pill . int . study - day Frank and Aaron enter . Frank look around the room a little grief stricken himself . Aaron walk to the desk as Frank touch some memento he clearly remember . Frank take out he glass and notice a manuscript on the desk with Aaron 's name . frank be you write a novel ? ( continued ) 57 . continued : aaron uh ... yeah . Aaron take the manuscript and move it away . frank like you big brother . aaron actually I be the oldest . I be write before.he be . I have have a few piece publish in the New Yorker . but now I be mainly teach . frank oh. well , you must be very proud of you brother then . get all he novel publish . Aaron decide to move the conversation on . aaron so anyway . what do you want to talk about ? he motion for Frank to take a seat and sit across from he . frank you father and I be very ... close . aaron yeah . okay . that 's good . frank and we spend a lot of time together . aaron yeah , well dad be a fun guy . Frank take a envelope out of he inside jacket pocket and take some photo from the envelope . frank um ... I have get some photo I want to show you . aaron sure . Frank pass the first photo . ( continued ) 58 . continued : ( 2 ) frank that 's I and you dad in Central Park in New York . Aaron look at the photo curiously . frank ( cont 'd ) that 's we on Santa monica boulevard on Halloween ... Aaron take the next one , become more suspicious . aaron so , where do you and my dad meet ? frank just around . int . upstair corridor - day Elaine be outside the bathroom bang on the door . we can still hear oscar moan inside . elaine oscar . be you alright ? int . bathroom - same time oscar be lay in the bathtub . he have he head under the faucet with he mouth open . a drip fall into he mouth . oscar ahhh . he smack he lip together and then open he mouth and wait for the next drop . int . study - day Aaron be sit with Frank . Frank pass he another photo . frank that 's one of I and you father go to the premiere of " dreamgirl " . I be dress as deena and you father have to be effie . Aaron look at the photo of they dress in drag . ( continued ) 59 . continued : aaron so ... I mean you have all this picture , but he never say anything about you . this be the first I be seeing of -- Frank give Aaron a know look . aaron ( cont 'd ) how do you know my father ? Aaron look around the room . there be a copy of " people Magazine " sexiest man issue on the table . he see figurine of male ballet dancer . it 's get clearer . he see three Robert Mapplethorpe photo on the wall . there 's a sign Kathy griffin 8x10 . Frank look around wait for he to get it . Aaron look at a frame movie poster for Australia with Hugh jackman . Aaron look back at the picture . he get it . aaron ( cont 'd ) oh God ... Aaron jump up and close the study door . frank be you really that shocked ? Frank gesture around the room . aaron I have no idea . frank I be sorry . I be sure he would have eventually tell you , but I guess he be not sure how you would react . Aaron shake in disgust . aaron uugg . like this . Aaron gather he sense . he have a think and turn to Frank . aaron ( cont 'd ) do my mother know ? frank no . and there 's no reason why she should ... just as long as I get what 's owed to I . ( continued ) 60 . continued : ( 2 ) a long pause . Aaron look over at Frank . aaron " what 's owed to you " ? frank . well , obviously I should get something ... I mean , you dad and I be lover , and he leave I absolutely nothing in he will . how do you think that make I feel ? Aaron fail to respond , because he 's in too much shock . frank ( cont 'd ) I will tell you how it make I feel cheap . like some cheap piece of ass ... I mean , I be entitle to something . aaron what do you want ? frank what I want be a lot , but I be not ask you for what I want . I deserve thirty thousand dollar . aaron thirty thousand dollar ?! I can not just give you thirty thousand dollar . my wife and I be try to have kid -- frank you father tell I you be have trouble ... ( beat ) look , you father promise to take care of I , and I make sacrifice to keep he happy . Aaron get angry . aaron you think you can come in here , slander my father 's name and show I a few photo of you and my dad dress up go to see " dreamgirl " ? I see " dreamgirl " twice . I be not gay . that 's not proof of anything ... " steppin ' to the bad side / gonna take a mean ride . " ( continued ) 61 . continued : ( 3 ) Aaron grab Frank and push he against the wall . aaron ( cont 'd ) I be not give you anything but a-- Frank pull out another photo and hold it up to Aaron 's face . Aaron , release Frank and snatch the picture . frank now I do not want to , but I will show this photo to you mother ... do you really want I to do that today ? aaron wait here . he exit the study . int . entry corridor - day Aaron close the study door behind he and almost bump into two male mourner . middle aged man Aaron , I be just tell George here how when we be boy together you dad use to love to make we all go skinny dip . Aaron just stare at they . then he move toward the live room . int . live room - buffet - day Aaron cross the live room which be full of people mingling around . he 's go pale . aaron ( to himself ) oh God , oh God , oh God ... he 's look around for Ryan , but there 's no sign - . - Michelle watch Aaron walk around the room . int . upstair corridor same time Elaine be bang on the bathroom door . elaine oscar . open the door . derek arrive behind she and lean in close . ( continued ) 62 . continued : derek anything I can do to help ? elaine not really , thanks . derek move over to face she and lean he arm on the door very coolly . derek I guess you have get it under control . Elaine ignore he and continue bang on the door . elaine oscar ? anguish noise emanate from the bathroom . elaine ( cont 'd ) oscar ! open the door . derek so what be you do after the funeral ? I have get maxwell ticket . elaine look ... I be busy . I do not have time for you shit . now get the hell away from I ! derek look hurt and storm off . elaine ( cont 'd ) oscar ! int . back of kitchen - day Ryan be talk to martina . ryan .so you have never be to New York ? martina I have be with my parent once . ryan oh , that 's not really see New York . you have to come visit I . when 's you birthday ? ( continued ) 63. continued : martina I turn eighteen next month . ryan great . all star weekend be in New York this year . martina I know . I know . Aaron approach . aaron Ryan , I need to talk to you . ryan not now , Aaron . aaron it 's important . ryan give I five minute . Aaron pull he away . int . garage - day Aaron pull Ryan into the garage and close the door . ryan what be you do ? what be it ? Aaron lower he voice . aaron that guy that be here before , that we do not recognize ... ryan the guy in the leather jacket ? aaron yeah . ryan what about he ? Aaron lower he voice further . ( continued ) 64 continued : aaron well , I be just with he in the study , and ... and he show I some picture ... ryan so ? he show you some picture ? what 's wrong with that ? I be busy ... aaron picture of he and dad together at the premiere of " dreamgirl " . Ryan 's face be blank . it 's not register . ryan look , be this go anywhere , Aaron ? aaron Ryan , he be dad 's lover ! ryan what ? no , no , no . aaron the guy in the leather jacket just show I picture of he and dad together . ryan no , no , no . I do not believe that . my father be not gay . I have know he my whole life . and he 's the most non- gay man I have ever meet . matter fact , he 's so straight he make I seem gay . and I know I be not gay -- Aaron pull out the picture . ryan ( cont 'd ) uugg . aaron uugg . I know . ryan / aaron uugg / uugg . Aaron nod . 65 . int . dine area - same time norman and derek be sit at the table . norman be look at he wrist . derek how can she be more interested in that idiot than I ? woman . they do not know what they want ! norman 's still examine he arm . norman it sound serious , do not it ? derek what ? norman a pigment mutation . derek give norman a disparage look . norman pick up some cake and take a bite . norman ( cont 'd ) ooh , will you try this cake ? I think it might have nut in it . derek so ? norman ( show he wrist ) so ?... Aaron 's uncle say I might be allergic to nut ... derek then do not eat nut . put the cake down . norman I can not not eat the cake . that 's what I do when I be stress . I eat cake . derek I bet you will not eat it when you arm fall off . norman sniff the cake . ( continued ) 66 . continued : norman will you just try it and tell I if there 's nut in it ? derek no . norman come on . derek I do not want to . norman just do I a favor -- norman be push the cake towards derek 's mouth . derek get away from I . derek get up and walk off , leave norman spitting out the cake . from under the table , Jeff pop up . jeff you have not see a pill bottle around , have you ? a valium pill bottle ? norman no . but can you try this -- Jeff smile nervously and go back to he search on the floor . Jeff slide across the floor past uncle Russell sit at the other end of the table . a older lady turn to Russell . older lady Edward and I watch the tony Award every year . we would get all dress up and sip cocktail . I be go to miss he so much . uncle russell do not worry . the way you look , you will not be far behind . the mourner look shocked . Jeff continue he search along the floor . 67 . ext . back garden - sitting area - day Cynthia be sit quietly with Duncan . duncan I be sure we will start soon . he look toward the house and see norman exit . Duncan want to avoid he . duncan ( cont 'd ) ( to cynthia ) let 's go inside . cynthia in a moment . Duncan get up and head toward the house . he pass norman . norman Doctor , I just have a-- Duncan do not stop , leave norman hold he wrist . norman look over and see Cynthia . he sit next to she . norman ( cont 'd ) I be sorry ... you know ... about ... you know ... cynthia thank you . I will be alright . I know he 's watch over I . norman you think so ? ' I mean , there be a lot of fine one up in heaven . Anna Nicole Smith 's dead too , you know . might be watch over she . norman sit next to Cynthia . norman ( cont 'd ) death be a terrible thing ... do you check to make sure he .was wear shoe ? I hear they steal the shoe . and I hope you take off he ring , ' cause if it 's worth anything , someone be go to take that , too . Cynthia stare at norman . ( continued ) 68 . continued : norman ( cont 'd ) before he die , do he have a rash ? she get up and exit . norman notice Jeff 's pill bottle on the ground . he pick it up and put it in he pocket . int . kitchen - later the camera close in on the close garage door . we hear hushed voice . int . garage - continuous aaron you do not understand . if we do not give he the money , he 's go to show Mom the picture . ryan okay . let I think , let I think . Ryan be try to come up with a solution . ryan ( cont 'd ) I think you should pay he the money . aaron what do you mean , you think I should pay he the money ? where the hell be all you money ? ryan I be in debt up to my ass . I be break , man ! aaron so after pay for the funeral , the clothes , the catering ... now I be suppose to shell out thirty thousand dollar ? he 's you father , too . ryan you be the oldest . besides , you have be live off Mom and dad long enough . you must have some money save . you have not pay rent in two year . aaron I have not be live off of they ... I have be live with they . ( more ) ( continued ) 69 . continued : aaron ( cont 'd ) no I have not pay rent , but dad have not work in five year . who do you think have be pay all the bill ? ryan well if you have get money problem and I have get money problem , what can we do ? fuck he ! Aaron show Ryan the photo again . ryan ( cont 'd ) you have get to pay he . int . bathroom - same time oscar be sit on the toilet unrol the toilet paper . oscar yes , yes . keep come . join the other . join the other . int . upstair corridor - same time Elaine lean against the door . elaine oscar ? oscar ( o.s. ) oscar ? elaine oscar ? she try the door . it 's still lock . elaine ( cont 'd ) oscar ? oscar ( o.s. ) oscar ? elaine oscar . oscar ( o.s. ) oscar . elaine os ... ( continued ) 70 . continued : oscar ( o.s. ) .car . ext . back garden - sitting area - same time Jeff frantically search the bush where oscar push he , look for the pill bottle . he find nothing . int . live room - moment later uncle Russell be create havoc at the buffet table . he 's push people aside and poke they with he cane . reverend davis be you alright ? uncle russell no , my nephew be dead and this bastard eat all the potato salad . nearby mourner look appal . the reverend look over and see Aaron and Ryan come down the kitchen corridor . she approach they . int . kitchen corridor - day reverend Davis appear in front of Aaron and Ryan . reverend davis ah ! I think we be just about ready to start the service , so - aaron would you mind give we five minute ? reverend davis ( not happy ) of course . aaron thanks . Aaron walk off follow by Ryan . he pass Michelle , who 's sit on the couch . she stand up . michelle be everything okay ? aaron no . I be really sorry , honey , but buy a condo be go to have to be put on hold , just for now . ( continued ) 71 . continued : michelle what be you talk about ? why ? aaron Babe , you know I would not do this unless I have a good reason . michelle what 's the reason ? aaron I have not get time right now , please . I will explain later . michelle but -- Aaron walk off to join Ryan , who 's at the door of the study . int . study - day Frank be read Aaron 's manuscript . Ryan and Aaron enter . ryan ( to frank ) you ? so you and my --. you ?! it 's you . so when I call my father and he do not answer , he be with you ?! Aaron realize what Frank be read . aaron hey , hey , hey ! Aaron rush over and take the manuscript away from Frank . aaron ( cont 'd ) what be you do with my manuscript ?! it 's not ready . he put it in the desk . frank well , you leave it on a coffee table . aaron what 's that suppose to mean ? frank well , when you put thing on coffee table , it 's assume it 's for everybody . ( continued ) 72 . continued : ryan it kind of be ... aaron can we get to the point here ? frank Fine by I . Aaron be now extremely irritate . he exchange a look with Ryan confirm that there 's no other way out . aaron ( to frank ) if I write this check , then that 's it . you give we the photo and stay away from we mother . deal ? frank deal . Aaron sit down at the desk and reluctantly take out he check book . he start write . frank ( cont 'd ) ( to aaron ) be it you first one ? Aaron stop write and look up at he . aaron what ? frank the novel ... it 's a first draft ? aaron yeah . so ? frank no , nothing . Aaron continue to write the check . frank ( cont 'd ) I try write once ... do not work for I , either . I think it 's just a gift . you either have it or you do not ... it must be hard for you though , especially since you young brother be such a great writer . ( to ryan ) ( more ) ( continued ) 73 continued : ( 2 ) frank ( cont 'd ) you father and I read " Black hurt " together . truly amazing . we love it . he be so proud of you . ryan thanks ... I guess ... Aaron rip the check into little piece . aaron that 's it . I can not do it . ryan Aaron , what be you do ? aaron there 's no way in the world I be give he my hard earn money . ryan do not be stupid . not today . I will pay you back as soon as my money come in . aaron he come in today ! of all day , he pick the day of my father 's funeral ! who the hell be he ? ryan he have the picture ! aaron so what . who care what he 's get . let he show the world . put it on facebook . I do not care . ryan aaron - aaron let 's just get it over with . there 's a long pause as everyone seem to be decide what to do . finally , Frank stand up . frank Fine . this be on you head . Frank head towards the door . ryan what ? no , wait . ( continued ) 74 . continued : ( 3 ) Ryan rush to stand in front of the door , block Frank 's exit frank get out of my way . ryan let 's just discuss this a minute . frank there 's nothing to discuss . Frank grab the door and try to open it . frank ( cont 'd ) get out of my way . he try to push past , but Ryan cover he mouth , muffle he cry . frank ( cont 'd ) ( muffled ) get out of my way . move ! Ryan restrain Frank . int . hallway - same time a few mourner hear the commotion and the muffle voice . they turn to look . int . study - same time Ryan grab Frank and wrestle he to the ground . Aaron watch , absolutely shocked as Ryan and Frank roll around on the floor . Aaron jump up and stand between they and the door . aaron Ryan , what be you do ? frank get off I ! Ryan be try to muffle Frank 's scream . ryan Aaron , help I ! Ryan be hold Frank down and try to keep he quiet . frank ah !! ( continued ) 75 . continued : ryan Aaron , you get any rope or duct tape ? aaron what ?! I be not a serial killer . I do not keep rope and duct tape in my pocket . ryan well just grab something ! ( indicate with he head ) there , from the curtain . Aaron grab the cord that 's tie around the curtain . he hold it over the wrestle duo , but Ryan 's hand be occupy with Frank . ryan ( cont 'd ) tie he leg . Aaron grab he leg and in do so fall on top of Frank as well . as he wrap the curtain cord around Frank 's leg ... aaron this be a really bad idea . int . upstair corridor - day Elaine lean against the wall listen as oscar hum in the bathroom . she slide down the wall and sit on the floor . ext . bathroom window - same time from a rooftop Pov we see the window slide open and oscar , drip with sweat and not wear a shirt , lean out . he take a deep breath of fresh air and listen to the bird . he climb out the window revealing he 's completely naked . he stand on - the roof and lift he hand to the sky . int . upstair corridor - same time Michelle come up and sit next to Elaine . michelle men. elaine tell I about it ... how 's Aaron ? ( continued ) 76 . continued : michelle how would I know ? he 's be avoid I all day . we be try to get pregnant . but I can not really do that by myself , can I ? I feel like I be make he eat brussel sprout every time we do it . Elaine look at she . elaine the guy 's father just die . do not you think this be a bad day for sex ? michelle do not you think I know that ? elaine I be sorry . at least you husband do not ruin the funeral . michelle it 's a funeral , it 's already ruin . when you start off with a dead guest of honor , how much worse can it get ? int . study - day Ryan and Aaron struggle with Frank , who 's muffle cry be start to fade . ryan get that tie . Aaron grab the necktie from off the desk . aaron what be I suppose to do with the tie ? ryan whatever you do with a tie . aaron I do not know what to -- ryan just stuff it in he mouth ! damn , I have to do everything ? aaron apparently everything but write a damn check . ( continued ) 77 . continued : suddenly the door open and norman enter . norman Aaron , do you know what be in this cake , I - angle on : Frank who look at norman bug eye hope he will help . ryan shut the goddamn door ! shock , norman do as he 's tell . it take norman a moment to register that Aaron and Ryan be sit on top of Frank . Frank continue scream through the cloth . norman what be go on ? who be that guy ? Ryan think quickly . ryan he 's have a seizure . norman I just find some valium outside . would that help ? ryan yeah . great . give he some . Frank shake he head " no . " norman get on he knee with the guy and open the bottle . norman it 's okay . this should help . calm you down . Frank try to protest , but can not . Ryan hold Frank 's mouth open as Aaron hold he nose close . norman pour a few pill into Frank 's mouth , then Ryan hold Frank 's mouth shut . suddenly the door open again and Jeff walk in . jeff have you see a little brown pill bottle lie around -- they all turn to Jeff . Frank look at he , hope this time he will get save . ( continued ) 78 continued : ( 2 ) ryan norman ! I tell you to lock the damn door . norman you say " shut the damn door . " Jeff lock the door and look shocked . jeff what 's go on ? norman he 's have a seizure . jeff why be he all tie up ? no one know what to say . ext . roof - same time oscar stand on the roof , naked , breathe in the fresh air . int . study - day Jeff , Aaron , Ryan and norman be all kneel over Frank . jeff he 's blackmail you ? over what ? aaron if I could tell everybody , it would not be blackmail . ryan look , just trust we . he 's the bad guy . we will explain later . norman what be you go to do with he ? everyonerealize they have no answer to this question . aaron yeah , Ryan , what be we go to do with he ? Ryan do not have any answer . ryan I do not know . ( continued ) 79 . continued : aaron you do not know ?! come on , you be the big writer . you be the one who come up with " Black hurt . " dream up something where we all live happily ever after . we can not keep he tie up forever . how long do you think that valium be go to last ? jeff valium ? norman yeah , I find that bottle of valium . we give he a few to calm he down . norman hand he the bottle . jeff ah shit ! Jeff stand up and head over to the door . aaron what ? frank ( muffled ) what ? they all head over to Jeff . Frank look extremely curious to know what 's go on . everyone talk very quietly so that Frank can not hear . ryan what be it ? jeff the thing be ... that pill be not really valium . it 's acid and ... acid . aaron what ?! jeff oscar take one by mistake . that 's why he 's act crazy . aaron Jeff , what the hell be you do with this stuff ? ( continued ) 80 . continued : ( 2 ) jeff a friend leave they at my place . aaron what friend , Amy winehouse ? ryan wait , you be tell we that Elaine 's boyfriend , who knock over we father 's coffin , have just one of this thing ... aaron ( to norman ) and you give he how many ? norman look a bit guilty . norman five . jeff five ?! ( look at Frank ) poor bastard . norman I think they be valium . they all turn and look at Frank who be look back at they , increasingly concerned by whatever conversation they be have , and the pity expression on they face . aaron maybe we should call a ambulance . jeff you can not do that . I will go to jail . ryan he 's right . if anyone find out this guy 's be force feed acid , we could all be arrest . aaron so what then ? what 's go to happen ? be he go to die ?! jeff no ... I do not think so ... I doubt it .. probably not ... ( continued ) 81 . continued : ( 3 ) the moment be break by someone try the door , follow by a knock . cynthia ( o.s. ) Ryan ? ext . hallway - same time Cynthia be knock on the door . cynthia Aaron ? int . study - continuous they all back away from the door . cynthia ( o.s. be you in there ? they look at each other in panic . ryan damn . aaron ( as normal as possible ) be out in a minute , Mom . Ryan look at norman and Jeff . ryan ( to norman and Jeff ) okay . we have to go out there . you two stay in here and watch he . Ryan close the curtain . norman watch he ?! what do you mean , " watch he " ? ryan just make sure he do not escape . lock the door behind we . we will deal with he after the funeral . Aaron and Ryan open the study door leave norman and Jeff to take care of Frank . 82. int . corridor - day Aaron and Ryan come outside try to look as normal as possible . they see Cynthia stand with the reverend . aaron . how 's it go , Mom ? cynthia reverend Davis want to talk with you . int . study - continuous norman lock the door behind they . int . hallway - continuous reverend Davis try to remain cool , but she 's agitate . reverend davis lookie here , brother . I have be patient . we all know it 's a virtue , but I be about do with patience . now if we do not resume service soon , we be go to need to have a little conversation about my compensation . aaron sure . so sorry . um ... can you just give we another five minute ? the reverend do not look too pleased . reverend davis five minute . cynthia be everything okay , boy ? Ryan and Aaron kiss they mother and walk off . int . garage - day Aaron and Ryan enter and slam the door . ryan why do not you just pay he the money ?! aaron why do you tie he up ?! ( continued ) 83. continued : ryan do you want Mom to find out ?! aaron what be wrong with you ? they start to argue . int . kitchen - day we hear they muffle argument through the door . uncle Russell roll up to derek who be sit at the kitchen table . uncle russell what 's you problem ?! derek woman be my problem . uncle russell no such thing as have a woman without a problem . if they do not have problem , do you think they would let we touch them ? let I tell you something about woman . smarter than you think they be . but not as smart as they think they be . derek she act like she do not care that I exist . I mean how can she not feel what I feel ? uncle russell ( laugh ) oh she feel it . she 's play hard to get . she want you to work for it . look , let I tell something about woman . they want a man who can control they . I know they talk all this Oprah , beyonce " single woman " bs , but what they really want be a old school man . derek really ? uncle russell listen here , boy . this be what you do : you walk up to she , slap she -- ( continued ) 84 . continued : derek slap she ? you want I to hit she ? uncle russell have not hit she work ? look , then you grab she and kiss she . the harder the better . derek be you sure , ' cause that -- uncle russell oh , man , I gotta shit . where 's the can ? he roll away quickly . int . study - day norman and Jeff be sit in the study . Frank be on the floor tie up , breathe heavily and make gurgle sound . jeff I can not believe you give he five . even if they be valium , that 's too many . I would not give a guy five cough drop . suddenly they hear the doorknob rattle . norman and Jeff both look terrify . frank ( muffled ) hello ? Jeff cover he mouth . uncle russell ( o.s. ) hello ?! neither norman nor Jeff want to speak . they argue in gesture . finally Jeff relent . jeff hello ? uncle russell ( o.s. ) I need the toilet . Jeff and norman both look panicked . norman go to the door . ( continued ) 85 . continued : norman can not you use the one upstairs ? uncle russell ( o.s. ) I be in a wheelchair , you idiot ! how be I suppose to get up the stair ?! frank ( muffled ) hello ? norman and Jeff look at each other not know what to do . uncle russell ( o.s. ) open the damn door ! uncle Russell start bang on the door with he cane . norman what be we go to do ? they look at Frank who 's start to look high as a kite . jeff we will stick he behind the couch . norman ( call out ) just look for the key . they pick Frank up and dump he behind the couch . Jeff stay with Frank to keep he quiet as norman open the door . uncle Russell wheel himself inside . uncle russell what the hell be wrong with you people ? I be about to take a dump in my pants ! int . upstair corridor - day Elaine be still stand outside the bathroom . derek come up to talk to she . Elaine 's completely drain and stress . elaine what do you want , derek ? derek I just want to talk . ( continued ) 86 . continued : elaine please do not make I go through this again . derek the only reason you do not want to go out with I be because you dad like I . elaine no . the reason I do not want to go out with you be because it be a mistake . I be drunk off my ass . you could have be a donkey . derek thanks . elaine that be not a compliment . I be say I could not remember it . derek well I remember every minute of it . elaine a minute , huh ? that 's why I do not remember . derek what be it about this guy ? what have he get that I have not get ? elaine okay , well for one thing , he 's responsible . he 's caring . he 's considerate . he 's thoughtful . he 's stable . he 's -- ext . roof - day oscar be lean over the ledge play with he spit and laugh uncontrollably . int . garage day Aaron and Ryan be still argue . aaron I be not the one who tie he up . ( continued ) 87 . continued : ryan well somebody have to look out for Mom . aaron ( incensed ) I have be look out for Mom since you get you book deal . ryan you just can not get over it , can you ? you be burn with jealousy because I leave and do what you always want to do . aaron I could not leave because I have responsibility . ryan do not put it off on responsibility . you spend three year on a novel and you will not even let anyone see it ! what be you go to do ? wait until you be dead ? you think you be go to be the tupac of book ? aaron at least I be not some hack write crap . Mr. " mama 's secret " , Mr. " Black hurt . " ryan Mr. " out of ink " , Mr. " blank page . " at least my crap get publish . Michelle enter . michelle Aaron , what be go on ? aaron Michelle , please , not now . michelle why be you act like this ? Fine . we do not have to have sex today , but the condo ? do not you want to get out of here ? aaron michelle -- ( continued ) 88. continued : ( 2 ) ryan just tell she , Aaron . michelle tell I what ? Aaron close the garage door . aaron listen ... do you remember the guy in the leather jacket ? michelle yeah . aaron well , I do not know how to say this , but ... it look like he and my father be have sex . michelle what ? no . not you father . with he ? aaron yes . michelle no . you father be the straightest guy I know . ryan that 's what I think . michelle be you sure ? aaron and now he want thirty thousand dollar or he 's go to show everyone photo of they do ... stuff ... michelle stuff like what ? Aaron and Ryan share a look . Aaron show Michelle the picture . she react . int . study bathroom - day norman lift uncle Russell out of the chair . ( continued ) 89 . continued : uncle russell hurry up ! norman be struggle to hold uncle Russell up . uncle russell ( cont 'd ) have you get I ? norman yes , I have get you . uncle russell come on , quick , quick , quick . norman alright , I be try to see where the toilet be . he maneuver uncle Russell to the toilet . uncle russell pant down . pant down . norman no you do it . uncle russell how can I do it ? I be handicapped . norman reluctantly help uncle Russell pull he pants down . norman alright . alright . uncle russell drawer . drawer . take down my drawer . norman who call they " drawer " ? norman pull they down . norman ( cont 'd ) it 's all down . uncle russell be I there ? be I there ? norman look and see uncle Russell be right over the toilet . ( continued ) 90 . continued : ( 2 ) norman yes , yes . just sit down . uncle Russell sit down on the toilet trapping norman 's hand underneath and let loose . uncle russell ooh , that 's better . norman pull he hand out and look at it in shock . angle on : norman 's hand have shit on the finger . he start freaking out and scream . int . study - day Jeff hear norman and jump up . norman ( o.s. ) ahh !!! Jeff go into the bathroom to see what 's go on . int . study bathroom - day Jeff open the door and rush in , but be stop in he track by norman 's shitty hand . norman ahh !!! jeff ugh ! norman , panic , rush to the sink , turn on the faucet full blast and stick he hand under the water . this cause a great splash . int . study - same time Frank peek up from behind the couch . he 's clearly high . with he hand still tie , he struggle to get to he foot . int . study bathroom - day norman frantically wash he hand . jeff norman ? norman ? norman still have he face down . ( continued ) 91 continued : norman please , please . just come off . jeff norman ! norman turn and we see he have shit splatter on he face . norman what ? Jeff point to he face . jeff you miss some . norman turn slowly and look in the mirror . he freak out . norman oh , I think I have get some of it in my mouth ! norman desperately rush to wash it off . int . study - day Frank be now up on he foot and run around like a rabid animal . int . study bathroom - same time Jeff pull norman up and shake he . jeff pull yourself together . would you rather get catch or have shit in you mouth ?! uncle Russell have fall asleep on the toilet . int . study - same time Frank be run around the room . through the door , we see uncle Russell sleep on the toilet . Frank jump up and down on the sofa . he lose he balance and fall on the coffee table head first . he crack he head on the corner and fall straight down . Jeff and norman rush out of the bathroom to find Frank lie on the floor motionless , blood on he head . ( continued ) 92 . continued : norman oh , no . check he . check he . jeff hey , man , you alright ? no response . norman check he again . check he . jeff man. hey . hey ! norman wake he up . wake up . wake up . wake up . jeff what 's he name ? norman I do not know . try Larry . Jeff look at norman , but he do not have a better idea . jeff Larry ? norman shake he . Jeff bend down and shake he . jeff Larry , wake up . it 's time to get up . from the bathroom , uncle Russell start to stir . norman quickly close the door . norman maybe it 's not Larry . try something else . pinch he . Jeff pinch Frank . still no response . norman ( cont 'd ) he must be breathe . he have to be breathe . please God let he be breathe . ( continued ) 93. continued : ( 2 ) Jeff look concerned . he check for a pulse . he look up at norman with a expression that tell we all we need to know . jeff he 's dead . int . live room - day Michelle walk into frame and stop at the coffin . Aaron and . Ryan stand on either side of she . michelle so that 's it ? we be just give he all the money we have save ? aaron well , it 's not that simple . michelle why not ? ryan Aaron refuse to pay . michelle how come you could not pay , Ryan ? ryan that 's not the point . besides , the only reason Aaron tore up the check be because the guy start talk bad about he novel . michelle you novel ? Michelle look confuse . michelle ( cont 'd ) you let he read you novel ? you would not let I read you novel . be you screwing he , too ? ' Cause Lord know you be not screwing I . int . hallway - continuous norman come out of the study and close the door behindhim . he lean against the door , drip with sweat . int . live room - continuous Aaron and Ryan look over and see norman . ( continued ) 94 . continued : angle on : norman as he pastes a maniacal grin on he face and cross into the live room . as he move through the throng of mourner , they be all unnerve by he . norman hi. Excuse I . hi. pardon I . hi. the hugesmile never leave he face . angle on : Ryan , Aaron and Michelle watch norman , concerned . norman approach and stand on the other side of the coffin . aaron norman , why be you grin like that ? norman ( to Aaron and Ryan ) can you come to the study for a second ? Aaron can see from norman 's face , and the sweat on he forehead , that something serious have happen . then he see Cynthia sit in the corner . aaron ( to michelle ) I will be back soon . can you check on Mom ? michelle sure . they exit . Michelle cross to Cynthia . michelle ( cont 'd ) hey , be you do okay ? it 's go to be alright . cynthia if you have never give life , child , how can you understand death ? int . study - day Jeff be lean on the window . there 's a knock at the door . aaron ( o.s. ) it 's Aaron . Jeff open the door . norman , Ryan and Aaron enter . norman lock the door behind they . Aaron rush over to the body . ( continued ) 95 continued : aaron ( cont 'd ) oh shit ! call a ambulance . jeff there 's no point . aaron what do you mean " there 's no point " ?! jeff look at he ! he 's dead ! aaron Dead , dead ? ryan be there a " kind of " dead , Aaron ? aaron what the hell do you do to he ? norman we do not do anything ! aaron well he be alive when I leave . jeff he hit he head on the table . aaron oh no . this be really bad . this be really , really bad . jeff what be we go to do ? aaron twenty - five to life . norman look at he watch . norman you know what , I really have to be someplace else -- norman make he way to the door . jeff you be not go anywhere . ( continued ) 96 . continued : ( 2 ) norman look , I be not the prison type . they will kill I . oh my God , I be go to die . I be go to die in prison . oh my God , do you know how fast a rash spread in prison ? Aaron smack norman . aaron pull yourself together ! norman calm down . norman thanks , man . after a beat , Ryan speak . ryan look , no one here know who this guy be . nobody know he name . they probably do not even notice he . aaron do not notice he ? he 's four fuck foot tall . ryan look , all we have to do be get rid of the body . it will be like he come and leave . aaron get rid of the body ?! it take I two month to get rid of a couch . jeff do any of you happen to notice the size of uncle Edward 's coffin ? everyone look at Jeff . aaron ( to jeff ) you want to bury he with my father ? jeff why not ?... I mean it 's not like he 's go to know . ( continued ) 97 . continued : ( 3 ) aaron that 's not the point . ryan you have to admit , it make sense , Aaron . the coffin 's there , the hole in the ground 's there ... he will be go , finish , end of story ... unless you have a better suggestion . Aaron desperately try to think of a alternative . int . upstair corridor - day derek and Elaine be sit in the corridor . Elaine look drain of energy . derek 's smoking a cigarette . derek it 's funny . no matter what you say , I be convinced we will be together . elaine yeah , well , we all make mistake ... I use to be convinced I be go to marry Prince . what happen there ? derek you still could . elaine you be a idiot . derek I be serious . you only live once . you might as well do whatever it be that make you happy . elaine yes , but maybe I do not think of life anymore as all about I , I , I . maybe I have discover there 's something outside of myself that I care about . and maybe you should , too . derek look hurt . derek that 's kind of cold . I care about you . ( continued ) 98 . continued : elaine no , derek , you care about you . you only care about I in relation to how I affect you . there 's a difference . derek that 's not true , Elaine . ext . roof - same time oscar be squatting down roll he head around when he hear Elaine 's voice . elaine ( o.s. ) derek , get over yourself . int . upstair corridor - continuous Elaine move over to the window . derek follow she . derek hey ! he slap she on the butt . Elaine whirl around . derek grab she on the arm . derek ( cont 'd ) I be the man for you , and you be come home with I . he kiss she . ext . roof - continuous oscar turn to look at the window and see derek and Elaine kissing . int . upstair corridor - later Elaine pull away and punch derek in the face . he stagger back and see oscar in the window . derek what be that ?! Elaine turn around . elaine oscar ! 99 . ext . roof - continuous oscar move away from the window and further out on the ledge . Elaine open the window and stick she head out . elaine oscar ! what be you do ? get back here and put you clothes on right now ! oscar I see you kissing he . elaine I be not kissing he . I swear . please , baby , put you clothes on . we be at a funeral ! derek stick he head out the window behind Elaine . oscar you cheater ! you cheater ! you be commit adultery !!! elaine calm down . oscar I be go to jump right now . elaine remember you have get drug in you . this be not really happen . oscar , look at I . she turn to derek . elaine ( cont 'd ) ( to derek ) get out of here ! she push he back inside . ext . back garden - same time as mourner mill about the lawn we hear : oscar ( o.s. ) I be go to jump . I be jump . you be a cheater ! ( continued ) 100 . continued : people gather . around and look up . we only see oscar from the waist up . angle on : oscar . oscar ( cont 'd ) I be go to jump . she 's cheating on I ! elaine ( o.s. ) oscar , please . come back here . int . study - day Ryan , Aaron , Jeff and norman be as we leave they . norman there 's just no way we can do it . it 's impossible . suddenly there 's a knock on the door . everyone freeze . derek ( o.s. ) norman , it 's derek . let I in . everyone freeze . ryan oh shit . put he in the bathroom . Aaron and Jeff drag Frank to the bathroom door . derek ( o.s. ) be you in there ? Aaron open the door and we see uncle Russell still on the toilet . he look up . uncle russell what 's that ? Aaron slam the door . we can hear Russell 's muffle shouting come from behind the bathroom door . aaron norman !! why be uncle Russell on the toilet ? norman I forget ! ( continued ) 101 . continued : aaron how could you forget ?! what the hell be wrong with you ?! another loud bang on the door . derek ( o.s. ) Aaron , open the door . norman open the door as Aaron run over to keep derek from enter . int . study / corridor - day Aaron open the door a inch . aaron what be it ? derek Aaron , where 's norman ? norman ( from behind the door ) I be here . derek it 's oscar , he go crazy . he 's -- derek realize that something weird 's go on . derek ( cont 'd ) what 's go on ? aaron nothing . derek put aside he curiosity for the time be . derek look , oscar 's on the roof stark naked . he see I kissing Elaine and now he 's threaten to jump ! jeff I have get to go . Jeff rush to the door . ryan where be you go ? ( continued ) 102 . continued : jeff I have to go out there . if he jump , my sister be go to kill I . Jeff rush out . aaron ( to Ryan and norman ) wait here . Aaron follow Jeff , but he do not run . he walk out . int . live room - day Jeff rush through the empty room . Aaron walk behind he slowly . ext . back garden day Jeff run through the kitchen door and join the mourner look at oscar on the roof . elaine get back here . be careful ! oscar I believe I can fly ! I believe I can touch the sky ! angle on : Aaron who step out and see everybody watch oscar . ext . roof - same time Elaine be still lean out the window . elaine oscar , come inside . we will have some coffee . oscar ( petulantly ) no ! he climb up on the roof . elaine oscar ! she climb out the window . 103 . ext . back garden - same time the mourner see that oscar be naked . he stumble . everybody gasp ! Aaron notice that everybody be captivate by the drama . ext . roof - same time Elaine follow oscar on the roof . ext . back garden - same time Duncan see Elaine on the roof . duncan Elaine , what be you do ?! Elaine see oscar climb further up the roof . duncan ( cont 'd ) Elaine ! Elaine follow oscar . Aaron realize this be he chance . he head back inside . Michelle catch he at the door . michelle what be you do ? aaron I think I can get rid of this guy , but I need you to stay out here and try to stop anyone from come in . michelle okay . I will do what I can . she head back to the crowd on the lawn . as Aaron go through the doorway of the kitchen , derek pass he on the way out to the lawn to see what 's happen . duncan ( o.s. ) Elaine ! int . study - day norman be stand in the corner . Aaron knock on the door . norman who be it ? ( continued ) 104 . continued : aaron ( o.s. ) it 's Aaron ! norman open the door . aaron ( cont 'd ) everyone 's out in the garden ... we have gotta move the body now . ryan let 's go ! Ryan and Aaron grab Frank . as norman run out . int . hallway - continuous norman look around and see that it 's clear . he go back to the study and open the door . norman Quick . Quick ! Aaron and Ryan carry Frank out as norman look around . ryan make sure no one come in . as they disappear around the corner , , norman close the study door . he turn just in time to find reverend Davis approach . he intercept . norman ( to reverend Davis ) hi! the reverend look around , not know why norman be be so especially friendly to she . int . live room - day Ryan and Aaron hurry across the live room carry Frank . int . hallway - continuous norman be block reverend Davis . norman so , what make you decide to get you God on ? ( continued ) 105 . continued : reverend davis look , I be sorry , I really need to use the phone -- norman I would like to make a confession . reverend davis I be not a priest . norman that 's okay , ' cause I be not Catholic . int . live room - continuous Aaron and Ryan get to the coffin and Ryan open it up . there 's a intense moment as they look down at they father in the coffin . they both stop for a moment , speechless . ryan Aaron , we have to do this . Aaron look up at Ryan and nod he assent . Ryan and Aaron lift up Frank and try they best to put he in the coffin . int . hallway - continuous norman still block the reverend . norman what do you think God 's favorite color be ? reverend davis ( annoyed ) I have no idea . norman I will bet it 's blue . the sky 's blue . the seas be blue . and the wind blow , too . int . live room - day Ryan and Aaron be stare at the body . Frank be on he stomach , top to tail with they father . Aaron look at it and decide that it 's just wrong . aaron we can not leave it like that . ( continued ) 106 . continued : Ryan look down and laugh . ryan in a strange way , this might have be what he want . aaron be serious for a second . they begin lift he again . int . corridor - day norman be do he best to keep reverend Davis at bay . int . live room - day Aaron and Ryan have swivel the body around so that Frank be face upwards . ryan why do you say I do not take anything seriously ? you complain about I all the time , but if I do not play the bad boy , you could not play the martyr . ( mocking ) Aaron 's so great , Aaron 's so right , Aaron 's so responsible . ( back to normal ) why do not you try laugh and enjoy life once in a while ? it might make you a better a writer . int . entry corridor - day norman be still talk to reverend Davis . she look like she really do not want to be there . reverend davis look , I must get to a phone . there 's a man on the roof who 's go to jump . norman I be addict to strip club . the shoe , the pole , the smell . I just like to take my money and throw it in the air . I like to make it rain . 107 . ext . roof - day Elaine be step off the fire escape ladder and onto the roof peak . oscar sit sadly on the roof peak with he back to the crowd . elaine oscar ... please do not do this ... love you . oscar then why be you with he ? elaine I be not with he . oscar yes , you be ! I see you ! ext . back garden - continuous derek be laugh next to Jeff . we see the view from they Pov . ext . roof - continuous Elaine finally get closer to oscar . oscar I will never be good enough . not for you dad , and not for you . elaine oscar , please just come inside . oscar no . you go inside . elaine come with I . oscar why ? elaine because you be go to be a father . oscar look at she , shocked . oscar what ? ( continued ) 108 . continued : elaine I be pregnant . we be go to have a child ... angle on : oscar and Elaine . oscar you be pregnant ? oscar be overcome with emotion . Elaine hold out she hand . elaine I will not be able to do it without you . very slowly , a naked oscar , walk toward she and they embrace . the crowd applaud . angle on : Michelle . michelle what about I ?! I want a baby . would somebody get I pregnant ?! everybody look at Michelle . she smile weakly . ext . back garden - day see oscar be safe , Jeff be very relieved . int . corridor - day norman and the reverend hear applause . reverend Davis head back out to see what 's up . norman turn to check on Ryan and Aaron . int . live room - day Aaron and Ryan be just about to close the lid . they both look down at they father one last time . Aaron take a moment to touch he father 's hand . aaron bye , dad . Ryan take a long look as he close the coffin . ext . roof - day oscar turn toward the crowd . ( continued ) 109 . continued : oscar ( announcing wildly ) we be have a baby . ext . back garden - day General approval noise and applause come from the crowd . Duncan look appal . duncan great . Duncan head toward the kitchen door . he pass a shocked look derek . Michelle follow and speak loudly as Duncan be about to enter the kitchen . michelle Aaron ?! oscar 's off the roof ! int . live room - day Aaron and Ryan quickly shut the coffin a moment before Duncan enter the live room through the kitchen door and cross on the way to the stair . duncan I be go to kill he . Jeff follow Duncan in , look at the coffin , then look at Aaron and Ryan question they with he eye . they return the look with silent assurance that the job be do . Michelle come in . michelle ( to aaron ) hey , be he go ? aaron yeah . michelle thank god. everybody breathes a sigh of relief . int . bathroom - continuous Elaine help oscar through the window . oscar thank you . ( continued ) 110 . continued : duncan ( o.s. ) Elaine ! Elaine open the bathroom door and Duncan enter . Elaine help oscar get dress . duncan ( cont 'd ) ( to elaine ) thank God you be safe . ( to oscar ) you idiot ! what the hell be wrong with you ? stay away from my daughter . elaine look , dad -- duncan Elaine , stay out of this . elaine no , I be not stay out of this . remember how I tell you we be move in together ? well , I lie . we be get marry . Duncan be shocked . duncan you be what ?! elaine we be get marry . duncan Elaine , you do not have to marry he just because you be pregnant . elaine I be not marrying he because I be pregnant . I be marrying he because I love he . duncan how can you love he ? he 's a idiot . elaine dad , this be my life . if you do not like it , too bad . but if you want to keep I and my child in you life , you would better change you attitude , especially about my husband . ( continued ) 111 . continued : ( 2 ) Elaine exit , take oscar with she . oscar bye , dad . they exit . ext . live room - day Cynthia walk up to Aaron . cynthia baby , I really think we should start again now . have you see uncle Russell ? Aaron remember where he be and look at Ryan . they rush off to the study , pass Jeff . Jeff check he pocket and realize the pill be go again . he go off to find they . int . study - day Aaron and Ryan enter the study and head toward the close bathroom door . they open it and find uncle Russell sit on the toilet . uncle russell what the hell be go on in this place ? aaron I be so sorry , uncle Russell . there be someone on the roof -- uncle russell never mind that . what about that dead body you drag in here ? Aaron and Ryan feign ignorance . aaron what dead body ? uncle russell do not mess with I . I know a dead body when I see one . I live in a retirement home . 112 . int . live room - day norman sniff he finger , worried . in the background we see Elaine enter the room with oscar , now dress , but still look a bit wire . people respond with scattered applause and congratulation . derek walk over and join norman . derek do you hear that ? she 's have a kid ! derek look at norman who 's look sort of distant . derek ( cont 'd ) how 's you skin thing ? norman oh that ... it 's probably nothing . I be more worried about hepatitis C after have uncle Russell 's shit in my mouth . I think I be feel yellow . norman touch he skin as he walk away , leave derek confuse . angle on : Jeff frantically look for the pill bottle . he give up and sit in a chair . angle on : Ryan be wheeling uncle Russell into the room as Aaron move to he seat . uncle russell I be tell you I see the guy . he be dead ! ryan I know you do , Russell . we all do . uncle russell no ! in the bathroom . Ryan offer a look to the other mourner indicate that uncle Russell 's a bit mad and should not be listen to . angle on : Michelle come over to Aaron . aaron I can not believe what a nightmare today have be . ( continued ) 113. continued : michelle I do not know . it 's be sort of exciting . Aaron look at she . michelle ( cont 'd ) for a funeral , I mean ... aaron listen , about the condo and the baby , I promise -- michelle we will work it out . let 's just get this day over with . then we can worry about the rest of we life . Aaron hug Michelle . aaron I can not believe I still have to do this eulogy ... with everything I have just find out . a beat . michelle it do not change anything , do it ? aaron not a thing . reverend Davis approach Aaron , look at she watch and appear flustered . reverend davis we be go to have to fly through this now . I already miss a funeral and two christening . aaron sure . let 's go . reverend davis do you want a open casket ? aaron / ryan / norman / jeff no ! the reverend look shocked at the reaction , but ignore it . she stand up at the front and speak quickly . ( continued ) 114 . continued : ( 2 ) reverend davis alright ! everybody in they seat now ! ( she snap she finger ) hey , you , sit down . people settle into they seat . Ryan manage to squeeze in next to martina . he smile at she , flirtatiously . Cynthia throw Ryan a look , and he get up and go to sit with she . reverend davis ( cont 'd ) ( speak very quickly ) I would like to apologize on behalf of the family for all of the distraction . I hope that everyone be settle and ready to continue with the service . Aaron , the oldest son , would like to say a few word about he father . Michelle give Aaron a encourage look as he make he way to the front . Aaron clear he throat and prepare to begin . the room be absolutely silent . he take a deep breath . angle on : the reverend nodd for Aaron to hurry up . angle on : Aaron . aaron my father ... be a exceptional -- bang ! bang ! bang ! suddenly , a loud bang emanate from the coffin . everyone stare at it in stunne silence . Jeff look over to norman whose eye be as wide as saucer . Aaron look like a deer catch in headlight . he look at Ryan who gesture to he to continue . he nervously struggle on . aaron ( cont 'd ) my father be a exceptional man . bang ! bang ! bang ! everyone stare at the coffin in awe . Aaron bravely continue . aaron ( cont 'd ) not only do he live for he family , but he be always there for other -- bang ! bang ! bang ! ( continued ) 115 . continued : ( 3 ) duncan what the hell be go on ? mourner 1 there 's someone in there ! oscar I know it ! I know it ! suddenly the coffin lid flip off and everyone stare in wonder as Frank sit up , look like a crazy person , and babbling incoherently . several people scream . Frank open the other end of the coffin and look at he dead lover . ryan ( try to cover ) what the hell be you do in my dad 's coffin ? Frank start grab at Edward 's body scream . frank Edward ! Edward ! Edward ! Ryan , norman and Jeff try to pull Frank out of the coffin , but he 's hold onto the corpse . frank ( cont 'd ) no ! no ! finally they get Frank out and carry he from the room . as he pass Cynthia , the photo fall out of he pocket at she foot . as Duncan close the coffin again , Cynthia bend down and pick up one of the photograph and stare at it . her face turn to horror as she make out the image . the noise in the room be break by Cynthia 's furious cry . she drop the photo and run at Frank . cynthia you bastard ! Cynthia tackle Frank and start beat he . cynthia ( cont 'd ) ( as she hit he ) he be with you ! Duncan pick up the photo . he show they to uncle Russell . ( continued ) 116 . continued : ( 4 ) uncle russell I always think he have a little sugar in he tank . everything have descend into total chaos until Aaron finally shout across the room . aaron my father be a exceptional man !!! everyone , include Frank and Cynthia , look at Aaron , stunne . they all freeze . there 's a long silence . aaron ( cont 'd ) he have he ... shortcomings , but he take care of he family . he love he family . he love this house . he work hard . all I want today be to show he how much we all love and admire he . to give he the respect that he deserve ... be that really so much to ask ? we all get so distract by the ... little thing in life . we forget about the important thing . like the fact that we lose a great man . the mourner look up at Aaron with undivide attention . aaron ( cont 'd ) so maybe he love " dreamgirl " more than most man . we do not know why a man make the choice he make . but I do know that my father make the best choice he could make . life be complicated . we be just throw here together in a world fill with chaos and confusion ... and we do we best . and dad do he best ... Aaron look over at the coffin . as.he speak , we see shot of Cynthia , Frank , Jeff , norman , Duncan as they be move by Aaron 's word . aaron ( cont 'd ) he teach we to go for what we want in life , because you never know how long you be go to be here ... and whether you succeed ... or you fail ... the important thing be that you try . ( continued ) 117 . continued : ( 5 ) a beat . Michelle look up at she husband with pride . we see the various other mourner look at Aaron and listen . aaron ( cont 'd ) so when you all leave here today , I want you to remember dad for who he really be ... a decent , loving man who never condemn anyone for how they live . who never cast disparage remark or hold prejudice against race , gender ... height . if only we could all be as give , as generous , as understanding as my father ... even dead , my father have more character than everyone in this room . if I be half the man my father be , my child will be incredibly bless . Aaron turn and walk out of the room . everyone watch he go . Michelle follow he out of the room . fade out : fade in : ext . house - establishing shot the house have emptied out . all the car be go . int . live room - later - evening Aaron be lay on the couch , look drain . Ryan come down the stair . it look like he 's have some time to recover . he walk over and take a seat . aaron how 's Mom ? ryan she 's rest . a beat . ryan ( cont 'd ) I have ask Mom to come live with I for awhile . it will give you and Michelle a chance to breathe a bit , you know . move and everything . Aaron look at Ryan , surprised .