death note base on the manga created by tsugumi ohba written by charley and vlas parlapadide no portion of this script may be perform , reproduce , or use by any mean , or quote or publish in any medium without the prior write consent of Warner Brothers studios . first draft warner bros . April 7 , 2009 4000 warmer boulevard Warner bros . burbank , California 91522 all rights reserved fade up : ext . queen - NYC a work class neighborhood in the heart of Far rockaway . Broken down stoops adorn each home while car alarm and shout can be hear in the distance as the hard squabble local go about they morning routine . int . bedroom - row house luke murray , 21 , lie in bed , dead to the world , even as the late morning sun fight its way in . suddenly he sidekick vibrate to life . he slowly start to stir as the sidekick work its way off the desk and crash to the floor with a thunk . that do the trick ... luke start to come to . on the surface he appear good - look , even handsome ; but behind he intense , blue eye one can see the residual grit of bygone pain . he sit up and blearily rub away the sleep when he notice he alarm clock . adrenaline hit he in wave . he leap out of the sheet and sling on a pair of jeans , racing out of the room ... ext . stair ++. pull on a shirt as he go but in he haste he misstep and tumble forward , crash downward , come to a stop on the landing below . he spring up and make a b-line for the door when he stop dead in he track , remember . he turn back around ... int . luke 's room ++. and tear through he sock drawer until he find what he 's look for . it 's a small jewelry box . he quickly pocket it and take off ... ext . STREET - bronx , new york «+. weaving through the hustle and bustle of the morning commute as ... ° ext . subway station +++ people funnel onto the close door of the '' a '' train . luke ( 0.s. ) hey , hold that door ... luke race towards the subway car but the cynical New yorker do not lift a finger as the departure bell ring out and the door slowly close ... «+. but luke quickly sling he bag forward , wedge the door open . conductor ( 0.s. ) hey ... : the conductor lean out . luke come on , help I out . I be gonna be late for class . the conductor shake he head ... the door jerk back and forth ... try to open as luke pull free he bag . he go to enter when suddenly the door slam shut . luke ( cont 'd ) hey ! the conductor grin as the train begin to pull away . luke ( cont ’d ) you gotta be kiddin’ I ! luke pound on the window in disbelief , futilely racing after the train , make he way to the end of the platform when suddenly -- -- a woman scream . luke spin around and see a thief rip the woman 's purse away . she 's throw off balance and topple backwards , crash onto the track below . stun commuter stand there freeze as a express train roar towards the woman -- its horn blaring . panic fill the air as luke react without think . he race over , jump down and move to pick the woman up as ... int . oncoming train ++. the conductor yank hard on the emergency brake -- the screeching howl of metal on metal -- as SPARKS fly and smoke billow -- but the train be move too fast -- 3 . -- luke see it barreling towards he . onlooker hold they breath , other turn away as -- -- luke make a split second decision . he push the woman into a foot - deep trough between the track , cover she with he body as -- -- the screeching train run over they . the crowd look on aghast as the train slowly come to a halt . beat luke look up at the inch of clearance above he head , it be the difference between life and death . luke Holy shit ... to the crowd 's surprise , luke roll out from underneath the train with the woman . they all cheer . ext . fordham university - later luke , haggard and dirtied , rush toward a lecture hall when the door swing open and student file out . luke damn ... sophia , a good-look brunette , approach he . sophia what happen to you ? luke it 's a long story . professor selby , 50' , bookish , spot luke . professor selby you out do : yourself today , Mr. Murray . instead of just be late you miss class all together . luke I be sorry professor but I be only late because -- professor selby do not ruin a apology with a excuse . get here on time . that should not be hard for someone as smart as you . luke but professor I -- Professor selby wave it off as he walk away . luke ( cont 'd ) -- just save someone 's life . ext . fordham campus - a little later luke and Sophia make they way along . sophia oh my god that 's crazy . thank god you be alright . luke it be no big deal . honestly . she smile , that 's what she love about he . sophia I still think you should tell Professor selby what happen . luke Nah , it 's not worth it ... but listen , uh ... he hesitates . sophia what ? luke about tonight , I can not make it . sophia what ? why ? luke I get call into work . disappointment fill she face . sophia luke ... luke I will make it up to you , I swear . we will do something tomorrow night . but I want you to have this . he pull out the small jewelry box . luke ( cont 'd ) happy anniversary . she open it and find a golden claddagh ring . sophia oh my God , it 's beautiful . luke it be my mother 's . she would have wear it until I meet the girl I would marry . he slip the ring onto she finger . luke ( cont ’d ) we be officially engage to be engage . she give he a kiss . ext . fulton fish market - later the organize chaos of the south STREET seaport begin its daily grind . forklift whiz back and forth and trucker upload they cargo as a foreman make he way over to luke . foreman hey , Joe College ... when you finish that order I be gonna need you help with the grouper . luke nod as he pack huge mackerel into heavy crate of ice . it 's bone -numbing work but it pay well and he can do it at night . int . subway . car - manhattan - evening luke crash onto the seat and lean against the window , eyeing the bright light of the metropolis as ... ext . subway - moving -.. they begin to fade away and the train make its way to the darkness that be queen . ext . dinsmore blvd - subway station - queen luke hustle down the platform stair and make he way ... ext . ST . michael 's cemetery - cont . ++. to a old gothic cemetery , knowingly weaving through the various . tombstone , before stop in front of a grave . he stare at it for a long moment . luke hey ma , I just want you to know that I give it to she . she love it . you should have see she . ( beat ) well , I gotta get go . I love ya . luke go to take off when he notice some unsavory character up ahead . even in the evening twilight luke can make out the spark of they crack pipe . he quickly bang a hard right , try to avoid they when something give he pause ... he stop , look all around , surprised to find he heart racing ... he shake he head , dismiss he fear when ... +--+ he notice a fall oak tree . it have pulverize a ornate headstone , lay waste to its century old mortar . he move in closer to get a better look when he see a ominous black . book amongst the rubble . he pick it up , wiping debris from its cover . insert cover : '' death note '' he almost laugh at the title as he flip it open and read : '' the human whose name be written in this book shall die . '' luke grin at the ridiculousness of it all . he go to throw it away but -there 's something about the book that give he pause . beat suddenly he sidekick ring . luke ( cont ’d ) ( into sidekick ) hey , what 's up ? int . luke's house - intercut as necessary sarah , 12 , luke 's rebellious little sister , check the fridge . . sarah ( into phone ) nothing . I be just starve over here . luke where 's dad ? sarah he 's not home yet . luke alright , hang tight . I x11 be there in a sec . int . live room / kitchen - luke 's house - night luke hurriedly enter as Sarah bang out a text . luke hey , you feel like have a grill cheese sandwich ? sarah only if you be makin 's it . he throw down he stuff and get busy at the stove . luke do you do you homework ? sarah nope. luke why not ? sarah because I be gonna do it in study hall . he shoot she a look . sarah ( cont ’d ) what ? everyone in my class be so stupid . it 's a joke . luke do I a favor and do it now anyway . just then police captain JOHN murray , a incisive , no - nonsense type , enter , weary from a long shift . capt . murray hey guy . sorry , I be late . luke sarah hey pop. hey , daddy . he blearily flip through a stack of . mail as he join luke . capt . murray ( cont 'd ) hey , you lsat score come in . luke yeah , I know they e-mail it to I last week . capt . murray last week ? why do not you say anything ? luke just shrug as capt . Murray open the letter , expect the worse . capt . murray ( cont 'd ) oh my God ! excitement flush through he as he bear hug luke . luke come on , dad . take it easy . capt . murray take it easy ? you sly son of a gun . do you know what this mean ? luke it 's not a big deal . honestly . capt . murray you be something else , you really be luke. ( to Sarah ) do you know what you brother just do ? sarah no , but I get a feel you be gonna tell I . capt . murray he just score in the ninety - eighth percentile on he lsat . how about that ?! sarah you be such a dork , luke . he playfully smack she as he make he way up the stair ... int . luke 's room +--+. and flip on the tv all the while rummage through he . bookbag . he notice the death note . he can not help but page through it , stop on the law of the death note page . luke ( read ) rejoice and fear , you life rest in my hand ... luke grin as he read the rule when suddenly the newscast grab he attention . on tv : officer , gun draw , stand poise behind they cruiser as a reporter file a update . . reporter we be live here on commercial Avenue where Mark tocher , a convict sex offender , be believe to have take a entire family hostage -- gunshot ring out from the besiege home . reporter ( cont 'd ) oh my god ! the reporter and camera man rush for cover as the camera zoom in on the perpetrator , blasting away from a second story window , all the while shield himself behind a terrify young mother . luke scumbag ... luke look at the death note , twirling he pen as the perp 's name flash on screen . on a whim , almost as a joke , luke write MARK tocher in the book before toss it into a waste basket and move to the bathroom . - int . bathroom luke splashes water on he face and ... int . luke 's room ++. re-enter brush he tooth . he glance at the newscast . the cop can not return fire and stand there helplessly . luke shake he head and return to the bathroom when ... on newscast the terrify family come rush out from the house . 10 . reporter uh ... we be not sure what 's go on ... officer race to the hostage 's aid as the reporter hurry over to the Young mother . reporter ( cont 'd ) Excuse I mar ’am , can you tell we what happen ? young mother it be a miracle . the mother be hysterical , fight back tear as officer cut off the reporter and whisk she away . reporter well , uh , we be not exactly sure what just happen but it look like the hostage be okay ... again , Mark tocher ... tocher 's mug shot fill the screen as luke re-enter , oblivious . reporter ( cont 'd ) «+. know felon and sex offender ... luke glance over ; it look like more of the same . he shut off the tv and crash into bed , exhaust . ext . subway station - next morning Sophia glance at she watch as luke hurriedly join she . luke hey , sorry I be late . sophia you know what I be gonna do , luke , I be gonna buy you a watch . luke I do not need a watch . I use this . he show she he sidekick . sophia that 's the problem , you can not set you cell phone ahead . she rip it from he hand and mess with the setting . will . luke what be you talkin’ about ? sophia I set my watch ahead and now I be never late . luke ( grin ) that will not work for I . sophia how do you know ? luke ' Cause I know . sophia trust I . all you gotta do be set it seven minute ahead . luke why seven ? sophia because five do not give you enough time and ten be too easy to figure out . that 's why seven be just right . it 's enough time to do what you gotta do but too much of a hassle to figure out ... she grow frustrated with the sidekick and hand it back , leave a message on the display . insert : :-) luke ( smile ) right , whatever . sophia trust I . it work . he do not buy it . sophia ( cont 'd ) eight forty - three ( as if say quickly ) what time be it ? luke eight thirty -six . she realize he 's right . sophia one of three . 12 . luke twelve fifty -six . . sophia luke two eleven . two of four . sophia luke five fifty - five . five forty -eight . she grin . it 's - no use . he rattles off the answer almost as fast as she ask . sophia well with normal people it work . luke I will take you word for it . they share a smile as they make they way along when suddenly ... int . subway station «+. luke notice tocher 's mug shot on the papers that adorn a newsstand . insert headline : hand of GOD ??? felon die during hostage situation sophia what ? luke that thing in Bay Ridge last night , I do not know the guy die . sophia yeah , he be gonna kill that whole family . a train come to a roaring stop on the track next to they . sophia ( cont ’d ) luke , come on , let 's go . luke can not help but shoot one last look at the papers before hopping onto the train . int . classroom —- fordham Professor selby lecture as luke surf the web on he laptop . 13 . professor selby hierocle say , '' Law and justice be not always the same . and when they be not , destroy the law may be the first step toward change it ... '' luke only half listen as he find what he 's look for , it 's a article on the Bay Ridge incident . insert text : '' ... miracle heart attack ... gunman struggle with heart disease ... '' luke can not help but read with morbid fascination . the story be all over the internet . int . luke's room - later luke throw down he bookbag and move to he desk when ... he notice the death note in the waste basket . he pull it out , flip it open and look at the name he write -- Mark tocher . it have to be a coincidence . luke think for a moment , flip through the death note , reverting back to the '' law of the death note page . '' CUT to : death note page ( the follow text be see on screen as luke read aloud . ) luke ( v.0 . ) rule - the death note will not take effect unless the writer have the person 's face in they mind when write they name . therefore , people share the same name will not be affect . back on luke luke shake he head but the truth be , something urge he onwards . he turn on the television and flip to court tv . on screen newscaster «+. authority be in hot pursuit of Daniel Stone , who allegedly shot and kill three people in a downtown courthouse this morning , sparking a citywide manhunt ... 14 . insert footage of a roped off crime scene as investigator move about blood stained marble . newscaster ( cont 'd ) ++. again , Stone manage to grab a guard 's gun and shoot . he way past several deputy . luke turn up the volume as a picture of Stone fade up . newscaster ( cont ’d ) we be gonna go live to the belt Parkway where we news chopper be follow the chase . on luke ( intercut between luke & newscast ) luke watch as the suspect 's vehicle dangerously weave in and out of traffic before lose control and smash into several car . newscaster ( cont ’d ) oh my god , this be terrible ! the perp , Stone , jump out and make a run for it as the cop frantically give chase . newscaster ( cont ’d ) the suspect simply refuse to give up ... Stone race to a twenty foot overpass and to the cop 's amazement ... jump down , roll to absorb the impact and race away with only a slight limp . the cop be force to double back . newscaster ( cont ’d ) I can not believe this ... luke look on as he write Daniel Stone in the death note . he eye he for a moment ... then shake he head at the improbability of it all . beat Stone draw he gun , car jack a red mustang and begin to race away when suddenly the mustang swerve off the road and smashes into a fire hydrant . CUT to : 15 . death note page - law of . the death note luke ( v.0 . ) rule - if the cause of death be not specify , the person will simply die of a heart attack . a torrent of water rain down on the mustang as luke rise to he foot . newscaster it appear the suspect have come to a stop . two blue and white pull up and cop race out , gun draw . newscaster ( cont 'd ) again , Stone be armed and consider very dangerous . hopefully he will do the right thing and surrender . the flatfoot cautiously approach and rip Stone from the car ... but he body be limp and lifeless . luke shoot a look over to the book . luke no way ... just then the doorbell ring , startling he . int . / ext . live room - cont . luke move to the door and be take aback when he see a police officer stand outside . he slowly open the door . police . officer hello , be you luke Murray ? luke tighten up as he nod . police officer ( cont 'd ) you girlfriend call and tell we you be the hero from the '' a '' train . we have be look for you . you run off before anyone could get you name . luke oh ... yeah , do not worry about it . it 's no big deal . 16 . police officer be you kid , you do a great thing kid . the mayor want to give you a medal . luke he do not have to do that . honestly . luke go to close the door . police officer hey , listen kid , the mayor need all the good press he can get . he 's not gonna pass up a photo op like this . so shine you shoe and get a hair cut ' cause you be gonna be in the paper . int . luke 's room luke reenter , he mind churn , as the tv play in the background . newscaster ( 0.s. ) authority have just announce that the suspect , Daniel Stone be dead . luke 's hair go on end . newscaster ( cont 'd ) we be not exactly sure what happen but the police emphasize he be not shot . luke look over to the death note as a sick feel come over he . int . luke 's room - later luke browse through the DAILY news , read about the Stone incident . the headline read : '' lightning strike twice ! '' insert text : '' ... second criminal in two day die of a heart attack ... '' sarah ( enter ) hey , can I get a couple buck for lunch tomorrow ? luke turn to she . 17 . sarah ( cont 'd ) be you alright ? he shake he head '' no '' as he get up , rush over to the bathroom and puke . ext . pedestrian path - west side highway luke and Sophia walk along . sophia hey , everything okay ? luke yeah , I be sorry . I just need to get some air . he solemnly look out at the Hudson for a long beat as he mind begin to churn . int . live room / kitchen - evening capt. Murray make Sarah dinner as luke enter . he pause a moment before he approach he father . luke dad , I wanna talk to you . capt . murray sure , what be it ? luke I wanna see mom 's case file . capt . Murray 's demeanor deaden . capt . murray Sarah , do I a favor and go to you room . she just look at he . capt . murray ( cont ’d ) I be not ask . go. he wait for she to leave . capt . murray ( cont 'd ) what 's this all about ? luke I just want to see it . 18 . capt . murray I do not think it 's a good idea . luke dad , please , I be a adult . I can handle it . capt . murray luke , nothing good will come from it . I be sorry but my answer 's no . int . cold case storage - nypd luke take a breath before approach the guard man the cage . guard hey kid . what 's goin 's on ? luke same old , same old . luke move towards the entrance . guard you doin 's some work for the old man ? luke yeah . guard funny , he do not mention anything to I . luke ( lie ) oh , he probably just forget . int . work area - cold case storage luke comb through two banker box , read through various report and interview . insert text : ...armed robbery ... escalate to felony murder ... female victim , linda murray , pronounce dead at the scene ... .44 caliber weapon use ... luke grow more and more angry as he go through the _ material . he find a tape label '' security footage . '' he stop , think for a moment before decidingly put the tape into a vcr , brace himself . 19 . on screen : grainy , fast -motion video of -- -- a masked gunman barging into a Korean grocery store and stick a gun in the cashier 's face . the cashier cower back as the gunman rip open the register and empty it when -- -- the cashier notice mrs . murray as she try to hide a young luke behind a aisle . the gunman catch he eye-line , turn to Mrs. Murray and yell at she . the cashier try to take advantage , reach for a gun under the counter but the gunman be too quick -- -- he turn back -- blow away the cashier and empty he gun on Mrs. Murray as he race away . Young luke rush to he die mother 's side . horror fill he face as he cry out for help . back on luke the pain of that day fill he face . he snap off the tv and rip a picture off a file folder . the post - it on it read : '' possible suspect , alejandro lozano '' capt . murray ( 0.s. ) what the hell be you do ? capt . Murray take in the scene . capt . murray ( cont 'd ) damn it luke , I tell you not to come down here . luke why do not you tell I about this guy , lozano ? capt. Murray sigh deeply . capt . murray there be no reason to ... luke do you think he do it ? capt . murray I can not say for sure . luke there must be something we can do . 20 . capt . murray I do everything humanly possible , luke , I cashed in very favor , work every angle . there be . nothing we can do . believe I ... short of a confession there 's no way we be ever gonna get the guy that do it . it be just too random of a crime . luke eye he father for a long moment . capt . murray ( cont ’d ) come on , pack that stuff up and get out of here . ext . nypd office - later luke crash onto a bench and sigh deeply when suddenly several cruiser come to a screeching halt . cop rush out , hurriedly lead a startle teenage asian girl inside . a sense of urgency fill the air . int . hallway - nypd office luke enter as the girl be lead into a room . he notice blood spatter on she cheek as she begin to shake . more patrol men bristle about as luke move to he father 's side , where he 's be debrief by dt . goemman ( caucasian ) and dt. WASHINGTON ( African american ) . dt . goemman it be a home invasion . she be the only one to get out . capt . murray and the rest of the family ? dt . WASHINGTON all dead ... patrol be there now ... this guy butcher they , capt . luke look at the girl as medic tend to she -- he know the pain that await she . capt . murray any , suspect ? 21 . dt . goemman yeah , she just make a positive id . vice have be look for this guy , they name be tibbs and rodriguez . dt. goemman hand capt . Murray a flyer with the suspect 's name and picture . he look at it for a long moment before move to the girl 's room . beat luke watch he father try and console the girl as he pick up a copy of the flier . ext . nypd - a little later luke walk down the step when suddenly officer race past he , they radio crackle . dispatcher ( from radio ) +++. again , suspect tibbs and rodriguez have be spot at ninety - eighth and Broadway . officer be in pursuit ... luke be take aback as the officer race to they cruiser and take off . luke think for a moment before he jump on he mope and chase after they . ext . broadway luke nimbly zip in and out of traffic , blow past car , try to keep up as the blue and white rip through the city , siren blaring . ext . 96th STREET a cruiser round a corner , luke tailing it , when the driver , a young officer , spot tibbs and rodriguez ( wield .45 's ) weaving they way through a crowd . the Young Officer try to cut the perp off , come at they head - on with he cruiser ... but the perp spot he . lead fill the air as they OPEN FIRE on the cruiser . people scream and rush for cover . a woman fall to the ground , shrieking in pain as a round rip through she leg while another civilian take two to the chest and crash down in a heap . the gunman charge forward , firing away . only the Young Officer stand in they way . 22 . he try to return fire behind the riddled cruiser but he 's badly out gun . luke realize that if he do not act fast the officer be do for . he hurriedly take out the death note and write the perp name as shard of glass and shrapnel rain down on the Young Officer . he 's as good as dead , when suddenly ... ++. one of the perp topple over , fall like a tree . second later the other perp suffer the same fate . just like that . the scene go dead almost as fast as it erupt . several officer race over to the fall perp , gun poise ... only to discover the perp be dead and have no wound . the Young Officer rise up and look at they . something have just happen but no one know what . int . luke 's room - later luke enter and try to collect himself but he struggle to keep he emotion at bay . he move to he desk and sweep everything off of it , let it all out , papers fly everywhere . a newspaper land at he foot . he notice the picture of a wanted fugitive drape across the cover and kick the daily rag across the room . int . coroner' office - morning capt . Murray make he way over to the coroner . capt . murray what 's up Doc ? coroner I think you should see this ... he slap a couple of x-ray onto a light board . coroner ( cont 'd ) we pull they from the two shooter , tibbs and rodriguez . ( point ) look at the curvature of the artery ... they be completely unblocked . capt . murray so ...? 23 . coroner so ? this guy collapse mid - stride , clutching they chest . you would expect to find all kind of plaque stop up they airway . capt . murray what be you say Doc ? coroner I be say this might be one for the medical book . it 's like they heart froze and collapse in on themselves . ( beat ) I have never see anything like it . capt . murray be you say it 's suspicious ? coroner ( pause ) I be say it 's not natural ... just think you should know . capt . Murray nod and take off , push through double door where ... ext . hallway -.. dt. goemman and Washington watch a newscast about the mysterious nature of tibbs and rodriguez 's death ; it 's clear the story be capture the public 's fascination . capt . murray all right , come on fella , let 's get out of here . int . luke 's room - night luke sit at he desk and flip through picture of he Mom when Sophia move up behind he and give he a kiss . luke hey , when do you get here ? sophia just now . what be you do ? luke nothing . he hurriedly tuck the picture away . 24 . sophia I get you a new shirt for tomorrow . he put on he best face as she press a bright orange shirt against he . luke Sophia , be you kid I ? sophia what ? luke it 's orange . sophia it 's not orange , it 's salmon . I think it make you look handsome . luke shake he head incredulously . sophia ( cont ’d ) try it on ... come on . for I . he make he way towards the bathroom . she sneak a peak at he desk , spot the photo of he mom and can not help but feel awful . ext . CITY hall - PRESS conference - the next day the Mayor hold court before a bevy of reporter as luke , wear the orange shirt , stand stoically at he side . mayor luke , I have know you father for . a long time , he 's one of New York 's finest . so while it give I . great pleasure to award you with this citation of virtue , I must say I be not surprised . capt. Murray , Sarah , and Sophia look on proudly as the Mayor hand luke a medal . mayor ( cont ’d ) on behalf of a grateful city , I thank you for you heroism . you unselfishness and bravery be a example to all New yorker . photographer SNAP away . 25 . ext . ST . michael' cemetery — evening luke solemnly make he way to he mother 's headstone . luke hey , mom . it 's I ... I want to come by and tell you that I be gonna do something I feel I have to do . I be not sure how you will feel about it . please do not think less of I . I love you . luke kiss he finger and bring they to the headstone before place the medal of virtue on top . int . luke 's room luke hack into the nypd intranet where he use a felon locator database to find alejandro lozano 's name and picture . he eye he long arrest record and note that lozano be currently incarcerate at rahway State prison . luke also take note of lozano 's two know accomplice , the gurtsky brother , BRETT , a petty thief with a long history of misdemeanor and rick , a sex offender with a rap sheet a mile long . he quickly jot down they last know address and phone number . ext . STREET - yonkers - night luke eye the gurtsky brother through the window of they apartment . he take a deep breath and steady he resolve before dial a nearby pay phone . int . apartment - tenement build - cont . brett pick up the phone as Rick lazily watch tv . BRETT hello . ext . STREET luke let I speak to Rick . 26 . int . apartment - intercut BRETT who 's this ? luke I be the guy behind the mysterious death . BRETT oh yeah ? and I be the tooth Fairy . brett hang up . rick who the hell be that ? BRETT some asshole . luke quickly re-dial as he grab hold of the death note . BRETT ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) yeah . luke listen to I , we can do this the easy way or the hard way . put Rick on . BRETT Drop dead , scumbag . luke I be warning you , do not make I do something I be gonna regret . rick ( overhear ) gimmie the phone . brett hand it to he . rick ( cont ’d ) you get something to say to I , tough guy ? luke yeah , do as I say and I '1l let you live . otherwise I be gonna make you pay for the life you destroy . rick fuck you . 27 . Rick slam the phone down . BRETT what have he say ? rick nothing . ext . pay phone - cont . a flurry of emotion flash through luke ... he look down at the death note as he hand shake but something urge he onwards . int . apartment — intercut brett move to the fridge . rick gimmie a beer . brett grab a cold one and toss it to Rick but the beer sail right past he as Rick clutches he chest . BRETT hey stop dick around ... Rick crash onto the floor face first , convulse wildly . brett 's face begin to deaden . he rush over and kneel down next to he . BRETT ( cont ’d ) what the for ...? brett go to dial 911 when the phone ring . he almost jump out of he skin as he answer . BRETT ( cont ’d ) hello ? luke do you believe I now ? BRETT what the hell be go on ? luke he 's dead brett and there 's nothing you can do about it . brett slowly realize it 's true . he can not find a pulse as he brother lie there motionless . 28 . luke ( cont 'd ) listen brett , I be gonna ask you some question . if you tell I the truth , I might let you live . brett begin to shake . luke ( cont ’d ) you use to run with alejandro lozano . right ? BRETT yeah . luke do he ever rob a Korean grocery store in queen ? BRETT how the hell should I know ? luke think . think real hard , brett . or it will be the last thing you do . ( pause ) look at you brother . I know you do not want to end up like he . brett tremble as he look over at Rick 's corpse . BRETT I swear to you , I do not know . lozano do a lot of lick without I . luke do not mess with I , brett . BRETT I be not , I swear . luke okay . do lozano ever own a .44 caliber pistol ? BRETT yeah . he have a ansley . luke do he have it back in ninety - seven ? BRETT he 's have it for as long as I have know he . beat 29 . luke what have he do with it ? BRETT I do not know ... I be pretty sure he girl sell it . luke to who ? BRETT a pawn shop in yonker . luke you know the name of the place ? BRETT no. luke come on brett , you gotta do better than that . BRETT I swear that 's all I know ! luke alright . what 's he girl 's name ? BRETT elsa ... elsa florip . luke okay , you do good , brett . I know you be not like you brother so I be gonna let you live . but you gotta promise I you will stay out of trouble . BRETT I promise ... on my mother 's soul . luke good because if you do not and you tell someone about we little conversation I be gonna come look for you ... and we both know what that mean . 30 . ext . STREET luke hang up the phone and lean up against a wall , chalk - full of emotion as he look down at the death note . he take a quick moment to try and collect himself before take off . int . luke 's room luke enter , breathe heavily . he can not believe he actually do it . he look at the book once more as ... int . coroner 's office - day ++. capt. Murray , dt. goemman and dt. Washington eye Rick gurtsky 's body . coroner ( join they ) same as the last two . his heart just implode . and get this . I look to see if anyone else have come across something like this ... I get two hit . both be recent . both be here in New York . he show they a file of tocher , the home invasion gunman , and stone , the courthouse shooter . capt . murray what 's go on , Doc ? coroner I do not know . capt . murray ( pause ) what about he brother , do he see anything ? dt . goemman no , nothing . Said they be just watch tv . dt . WASHINGTON well , be not karma a bitch . they can not help but grin . coroner I wish it be that simple ... capt . murray any chance this be all some kind of strange happenstance ? 31 . coroner medically speak , no. ( pause ) something be trigger this attack . I be talk massive , complete heart failure on the drop of a dime . capt . murray could they have be poison ? coroner I have run they sample through every test know to man . ' twice . not one hit . nothing . he hand they copy of he report . coroner ( cont ’d ) I think it might have be some kind of virus , like that amoeba that kill that people out in Lake havasu . but I do not find any sign of infection during the autopsy . ( beat ) the long and short of it be they all die of heart attack that physiologically none of they should have have ... I can not keep call it a coincidence . gonna officially change the cause of death to undetermine . capt . murray alright then , doc. look like we have a investigation then . ext . coroner' office capt . Murray and he man move to a unmark car . DI . WASHINGTON whaddaya want we to do ? capt . murray there 's gotta be some logical explanation . Cross reference the victim 's criminal history . see where they do time and if there be any overlap . most prison be a walk staph infection . maybe there be some kind of connection there . 32 . dt . goemman you get it cap . capt . murray goemman , when you get a chance head over to the Med school at nyu . talk to some toxicologist , see if there 's a way to beat Doc 's test . goemman nod as ... int . private study - library ... luke flip through a phone book , settling in on a list of pawn shop . he rip out the page and cross reference it with a print out from yahoo yellow page , make sure no store slip through the crack . int . library lounge - later Sophia study on a couch as luke enter . luke you ready to roll ? sophia yeah . luke can not help but eye the newspaper on a nearby table , the headline read , '' good guy 5 , bad guy 0 , more mysterious death . '' sophia ( cont 'd ) ( notice ) it 's crazy , that guy die like that . luke yeah ... she sense something . sophia what ? luke nothing . sophia tell I . luke you gotta promise I you will not say anything . 33 . sophia okay . int . computer lab luke lead Sophia to the back of the room as they take a seat in front of a computer . luke check this out . luke hack into the nypd remote access server . sophia what be you do ? luke do not worry . I have my dad 's username and password . Sophia tense up but look on , intrigue , as luke pull up the 2008 murder book ( a catalogue of all the murder that year ) . luke ( cont 'd ) I look this guy up , just out of curiosity . and you know what ? they be all career criminal . sophia so ? luke so maybe what happen to they be not such a bad thing ... she just shake she head . luke ( cont 'd ) what ? sophia nothing . just log off already , you be make I nervous . she hurriedly click shut the window as ... int . hallway - nypd ++. capt. Murray , goemman and Washington walk along . 34 . capt . murray so there 's no nexus that link the victim , no common criminal affiliation or associate ? dt . WASHINGTON no , we do not find anything , cap . dt . goemman so whaddaya think ? capt . murray honestly ? not sure . int . commissioner office capt. Murray , goemman and Washington approach the commissioner . capt . murray you want to see we ? commissioner yeah , L call . capt . Murray be take aback . dt . goemman who 's l? commissioner he 's a profiler with the FBI 's special crime unit . Real clandestine bunch . capt . murray what do he want ? commissioner he 's be follow this mysterious death in the news and want to do a little poke around . that give capt . Murray pause . commissioner ( cont ’d ) what ? capt . murray nothing . commissioner I know he 's a cowboy but he 's the best there be . come on , he man be wait for we . 35 . int . conference room - cont . capt. Murray , goemman , Washington and the commissioner enter and find a austere old japanese man / watari wait for they . commissioner watari , it 's good to see you again . this be capt. Murray , dt. goemman and dt. Washington . greeting be exchange . commissioner ( cont ’d ) watari be gonna put we in touch with L. ( to watari ) we be ready when you be . '' rno watari open up a laptop and a large L fade up on its screen as a filter voice emanate out : L ( from laptop ) I apologize for the cloak and dagger routine but as you know I prefer to remain anonymous . goemman look on curiously . L ( cont 'd ) I believe this mysterious death be , more likely than not , target attack . commissioner what make you say that ? L the probability that the victim would all be male con , whose heart implode in the middle of commit felony , be statistically impossible . ( beat ) unless the CIA be up to something we be not aware of , my guess would be that this con be be specifically target . commissioner by who ? L I do not know . 36 . capt . murray with all due respect L , I agree with some of what you be say . but the truth be we do not have a single piece of physical evidence that support you theory . L yes we do . the dead body . a formula fade up on the laptop screen . it read : actus reus + mens rea + the result = murder . L ( cont 'd ) as we all know , this be the element of murder . now if you work backwards you can see that we have the result . all of the victim be dead . we also know the mens rea ; . this death be no coincidence . we have statistically prove that . so the only piece of the puzzle we be miss be the actus reus . we do not know how they be do it .... but I assure you , it 's only a matter of time before another con turn up dead . the man all consider this as ... int . library - pay phone ++. luke talk on a pay phone . luke yeah , I be try to track down a - 44 caliber ansley that might have come through you place . can you check you chain of possession record for I ? ( listen to response ) yeah , I will hold . luke flip through he list when he get a text . insert screen : from Sophia : luke , where you at ? we gotta get go . int . lecture hall - later Professor selby lecture as luke and Sophia enter and make they way to the back . 37 . professor selby this be from the Daily News , '' Divine justice strike the Big Apple '' he pick up a another paper . professor selby ( cont 'd ) the Post headline read : '' only the good die young ? not anymore ... more mysterious death . '' ( beat ) do you think this type of headline could affect people 's behavior ? he scan the classroom before pick up a copy of the New York Times . luke sit professor selby ( cont ’d ) '' over the past two week police precinct around the city report a slight drop in violent crime . '' now , this might be a statistical anomaly ... it might have nothing to do with this death , who know ... but one way or the other this storey have capture the Zeitgeist 's attention . up in attention . professor selby ( cont ’d ) grant , the term we be deal with here be pretty harsh . it 's life and death . that always grab people 's attention . but you have to admit , this type of conduct regulate behavior can be very effective . do you think the fact that some criminal have die have deterr other from act ? ( pause ) what if I tell you that I would execute anyone I catch surfing the web during class ? after I shot one or two of you , would not the rest of you close down you browser ? this get some chuckle from the class as luke look on intently . 38. ext . lecture hall - later student funnel out as luke make he way over to Professor selby . luke hey , Professor , can I ask you something ? professor selby sure , what 's up ? luke you say once that sometimes the law and justice be not one and the same ... that sometimes you have to destroy the law in order to get justice . professor selby well , that 's not exactly the quote I reference but yeah , that 's kinda the gist of it . luke well , how do you know ? how do you know that time have come ? professor selby well , I guess that 's just something you have to decide for yourself . luke consider this . int . luke 's house - later capt . Murray pour himself a stiff drink as luke enter . luke be not it a little early for happy hour , dad ? ( beat ) what 's go on ? capt . murray you remember that asian girl we bring in the other day ? the one whose parent be kill . luke yeah . 39 . capt . murray found out today she do not have any other family here . they be gonna place she in foster care . luke that suck . they share a moment , both know what lie ahead for she . int . luke 's room luke enter , mind churn , emotion brewing . he pull out the death note and stare at it for a long hard moment . luke I can do more ... I can be something they fear . beat he grab he laptop and take off as a keen sense of resolve build and build . int . private room - library luke research criminal on he laptop , look for the worst of the worst . int . library luke walk , laptop in hand , search for wi-fi signal when he notice a student pass out on a couch , a manga sprawle across he chest . the germ of a idea form in luke 's mind . int . new york time office - next day the editorial staff huddle around a computer , eyeing a suspicious e-mail as capt . Murray , dt. goemman and dt. Washington join they . editor it come in this morning . capt . Murray read a printout of the e-mail aloud . insert text : '' let it be know that I be responsible for this mysterious death . 40 . I be act to improve the lot of other by strike out against the tyranny of man , send forth a ripple of hope that will sweep down the mightiest wall of injustice and set fear in the heart of evil man . " kira capt . Murray scan through the post script and notice several name list below . editor ( cont 'd ) he say he 's gonna kill five more criminal to prove he 's for real . ( pause ) whaddya want we to do ? capt . murray do not do anything . but do meat favor , set this computer aside until you hear from I . the editor nod as ... ext . new york time build ++. capt. Murray exit , follow by goeman and Washington . dt . WASHINGTON whaddaya think ? - capt . murray I be not sure . this world have get so twisted , crooked look straight and straight look crooked . he eye the list of criminal in the e-mail . capt . murray ( cont 'd ) but we should keep a eye on this all - star list . ( to goemman ) contact Luis Patterson 's attorney . let he know a threat have be make against he client . dt . goemman get it . capt . murray Washington , I want you to contact we sex crime unit , see if there be any news regard clarence Smith . 41 . dt . WASHINGTON the high heel rapist ? he 's still at large . nobody know where he be . capt . murray I know , do the best you can . I / x11 try and track down sanchez and the other guy . int . luke's room luke eye a live newscast as a steely resolve fill he face . ext . courthouse - same time a crowd of reporter break into a frenzy as luis patterson exit the courthouse , surround by a team of lawyer . reporter 1 the defendant , Louis Patterson , heir to the Patterson fortune , admit raping and kill the victim during a close court session . however , admission make during plea negotiation be inadmissible . a grief stricken mother , surround by she family , cry out with heartache . mother murderer ! reporter 1 the jury never hear Patterson 's confession , which be what many believe lead to today 's hang jury . int . luke 's room luke write in the death note as ... ext . courthouse ... reporter pepper Patterson with question . reporter 2 reporter 3 how do you explain you what about the DNA evidence confession ? that link you to the crime ? 42. lawyer gentlemen the evidence you be refer to be inadmissable . now please -- Patterson and he lawyer push past the reporter when ... mother ( 0.s. ) you bastard ! you kill my daughter !!! Patterson almost goad with insolence -- he think he 's get away with murder when ... ++. he 's crippled by a massive heart attack -- air escape he as he keel over and tumble down the courthouse step -- -- break he neck as he head thump against the pavement . int . luke 's room - different day luke scroll through the FBI 's ten most want list . he eye a picture of marc sanchez . . ext . alley sanchez race along , chase by two cop , he sweaty face intermittently reveal as ... '' ++. he sprint under shaft of light cast down by the street lamp . cop stop right there ! but sanchez keep haul ass and rip around a bend . int . luke 's room luke begin to write in the death note as ... ext . STREET - cont . ++. a wind sanchez grab a woman from behind and bring a gun to she head . woman ah ! no , please ! the cop stop in they track as sanchez spin the woman around , shield himself . 43. cop 1 ( gun draw ) let she go ! sanchez fuck you , pig ! sanchez grin as he drag the woman towards a car when suddenly a heart attack shoot through he . he keel over in pain and die . CUT to : luke 's pen as it glide across the death note . int . apartment capt . Murray cover he face with a handkerchief as he stare down at the bloat dead body of clarence smith . medical examiner the neighbor complain about the smell . that 's when patrol find he . capt . Murray and he team kneel down to get a better look . dt . goemman we should give this kira guy a medal . dt. Washington grin . capt . murray I need to know the time of death . medical examiner well , by the look of this rigamortis it 's be a couple of day . capt . murray goemman , hang here until we have a official tod . Cross reference it with the time stamp from the e- mail that be send to the Times . I want to know whether Smith be dead before or after that e-mail be send . and Washington , I want to know the cause of death asap . they nod as ... 44 , ext . pawn shop «+» luke exit and cross off yet another pawn shop from he list before stop in front of a newsstand , read the headline . - more mysterious death - 4 of FBI 's 10 most want found Dead - cardiac arrest the culprit int . internet cafe luke enter and sit at a computer as a heighten energy fill the room and teens bristle about . teen ( to he friend ) hey , check out this youtube clip . the teens watch the footage of Patterson tumble down the courthouse step . teen 2 yeah ! f’ that dude ! they all laugh when a newscast , play on a plasma in the b.g. , grab they attention . news anchor ( 0.s. ) while the police and the scientific community continue to search for a explanation there 's grow chatter that a mysterious figure , simply know as kira , be responsible for this mysterious death . luke watch the kid eye the newscast intently . new anchor a declaration be allegedly e- mail to the New York Times earlier this week . in it kira claim he be strike down criminal in order to protect the innocent . a chorus of hoot and hollers rain down from the teens . news anchor the Times will neither confirm nor deny the story while authority refuse to comment . so the question be ... be kira for real or a make up bogeyman ? 45 . a grin cross luke 's face as ... int . nypd conference room - day '' pr '' ++. the L logo fill . a laptop screen and the investigative team debrief he . capt . murray the cod for clarence Smith be cardiac arrest . we be still try to pin down a exact time of death but it 's clear he die after the e- mail be send to the Times . same go for Luis Patterson and Marc sanchez . L have you be able to track down the e-mail 's ip address ? capt . murray yeah , it come from a hack computer in the bronx . my detective interview the owner but he be not much help . L check with NSA . see if they can trace the hack . capt . murray we already do . they guy be work on it . so what do you make of this kira stuff ? L I think it 's we perp 's way of reach out to we . capt . murray what do you mean ? L he want we to understand what he 's do . look at the name he choose . kira . in Eastern culture kira be like the four horseman of the apocalypse . they say that when the world become unlivable kira will swoop down , wash away the filth and renew the earth . that 's how we guy view himself . he 's try to right the world . ( more ) 46 . L ( cont 'd ) it 's exactly the type of mind - set I would expect from a single vindictive perpetrator , which be what I think we be deal . with . capt . murray L , there 's no way one guy be do all of this . L I disagree Captain Murray and I x11 show you why . a graph fade up on the laptop . L ( cont 'd ) . this graph plot the number of perpetrator involved in a crime against the corresponding success rate . as you can see the more people involved , the less likely they be to succeed . if we assume that this be a conspiracy , it would require several accomplice across the country . everyone study the graph . dt . goemman and with several accomplice , the success rate drop drastically . L exactly . and previous experience tell we that with a conspiracy like this , someone would have come forward with something by now . capt . murray I do not buy it . you be manipulate you statistic to read the way you want they to read . how can someone kill a guy on the FBI 's most want list in California and then three hour later kill somebody else in Jersey ? . it do not make any sense . how do you reconcile that with you theory ? L I can not right now . but what I can do be narrow down we search and hopefully smoke out we killer . 47 . capt . murray how ? L you will see . int . pawn shop a attendant flip through he file as luke look on behind a bulletproof window . attendant you say you be look for a .44 ansley ? luke yeah . the attendant continue to flip through he file . luke ( cont 'd ) I be not even sure if it come through here ... just try to track it down . attendant ( stop , eye a record ) bingo ... .44 caliber ansley . come in nineteen ninety -eight . a flash of excitement shoot through luke . luke can you tell I who pawn it ? attendant I can but it will cost ya . luke what ? attendant everything in life have its price , kid . luke how much ? attendant you tell I . luke fifty buck ? 48 . attendant a hundred . luke alright ... but only if it be hawk by elsa florip , otherwise you can stick it up you ass . the attendant grin as he slam the record against the window . the signature read : elsa florip . attendant pay up . luke go to hand over the money but stop short . luke where be it ? attendant ( check the record ) look like I sell it to the Jersey city Police Department . luke Jersey City Police ...? attendant ( remember ) yeah , they be do one of that buy back thing . I could not move a bunch of old piece so I hawk it to they . luke look on in disbelief as he hand over the money . ext . STREET luke dial up a pay phone . int . luke hi , can I have the crime stopper hotline , I have like to make a anonymous tip ... luke 's room - evening Sarah play Wii as luke hurriedly enter . luke hey , I need the tv . sarah I be in the middle of a game here . 49 . luke it 's important . he pull away the controller . luke ( cont ’d ) ( hit a button ) there , it 's pause . Sarah let out a sigh as luke switch the tv input and find what he 's look for . on tv ( news room ) news 4 anchor we be about to go live to the FBI 's New York field office ... int . FBI field office - podium ~— same time a sharp - look white male stand at the ready . news 4 anchor ( v.o . ) ++. where they have a update regard the recent string of mysterious death . back on luke and Sarah as they both eye the tv . sarah luke , can I ask you something ? luke sure . sarah ( pause ) if you be kira , would you kill the guy that kill mom ? luke hey , we do not talk about that . he quickly snap off the wii. sarah hey ! luke go finish you homework . a exasperate look cross Sarah 's face ... but she realize she cross a line . 50 . sarah I be sorry , luke . he do not respond as she solemnly exit . int . nypd conference room - same time capt. Murray and a couple of New York 's finest watch the same newscast . sharp looking white male ( on tv ) good evening ... int . FBI field office sharp looking white male +-. my name be lind L. Taylor , more commonly know as L. int . nypd conference room Captain Murray and the other be all take aback , L be revealing he identity . capt . murray he 's young than I think . l/ sharp looking white man ( v.o . ) I be a profiler with the FBI 's special crime unit . int . FBI field office l/ sharp looking white male I have be ask to help track down the serial killer who call himself kira . : int . luke 's room luke sit up in attention . L ( on tv ) this crime spree must come to a end . luke crime spree ? 51 . int . student CENTER Sophia watch the newscast as student gather round . L ( on jumbo tron ) only someone with a God complex would be arrogant enough to commit such audacious crime . intercut : student CENTER , FBI field office , nypd conference room , luke 's room L ( cont 'd ) but let I tell you something kira , you be not God ; you be a vile , self - righteous , hypocrite . luke begin to grow angry as he grab hold of the death note . L ( cont 'd ) you be far lower than the criminal you think you have the right to kill . the book intensify luke 's anger as he hold it . luke what would you know about it ? before luke realize it something change , _he look like someone else . it 's he eye . they narrow and harden as a . murderous qlaze come over he . L kira , you be nothing more than a murderer , too afraid to show you own face . luke begin to write lind L. Taylor in the death note . L ( cont ’d ) we will hunt you down and use every mean necessary to bring you to justice . just as he finish the last pen stroke he snap out of it . luke what the f...? he can not believe what he 's just do . he look at the death note . it 's definitely affect he . L no one have the right to take the law into they own hand . 52 . he quickly scribbles out the name and turn to the tv with bate breath ... L ( cont 'd ) it 's only a matter of -- uhhh ! L clutches he chest , gasping for air as he be strike by a massive heart attack . sophia and the student react with shock and horror . three FBI type rush to L 's aid as he slump over in he chair . capt. murray and the officer be take aback but no one more so than luke . luke oh my God ... luke watch the FBI agent drag a lifeless L off screen . FBI agent call 911 ! we need a ambulance ! unnerve , luke take a step back and eye the death note as the tv screen go black . int . nypd conference room consternation run rampant . dt . goemman what the hell just happen ?! capt . murray I do not know . ( to Washington ) call you buddy at the bureau and find out . dt . goemman ( be : L ) be he dead ? the truth be no one know when just then watari enter . watari ° I need everyone to gather ' round watari direct they attention to a large screen in the center of the room . '' rno suddenly the L logo flash up on screen and we hear the same filter voice from before : 53 . L the man you see on tv be dead ... he be a death row inmate who agree to pose as I in hope of reduce he sentence . capt . Murray and he man shake they head , not know what to think . L ( cont 'd ) his sacrifice , while incredibly tragic , be also incredibly valuable ... now we know kira be here in New York . dt . goemman how do you know that ? L we make it look like a national broadcast but it be restrict to the five borough . capt . Murray grow more and more angry . capt . murray what be go on L ? how the hell do he just kill that guy ? L I do not know . capt . murray well you know something , goddamn it ! how have you know he have come after you ? L I do not . but it fit the profile . we guy be impulsive , brash . it make sense . capt . murray you be out of you mind . this freakin’ guy just send a heart attack through the air and you be sit here make deduction . L all I can do be work the evidence I be give . every investigation be a progression , you know that Captain Murray . different detail come into focus at different time . long beat 54 . capt . murray you get some ball , l! you can not just send someone to they death like that ! L I have no choice . kira will not stop . he 's go to keep on kill . but for the first time we be start to close in on he . the faster we act the more life we can save . capt . murray what the hell be we up against ? L God only know . int . hallway capt . Murray and he team exit the conference room . dt . goemman thank God we have L. capt . Murray shoot he a look . int . luke 's dt . goemman ( cont 'd ) what ? you gotta give L some credit . he just smoke out a shadow . capt . murray what he just do make he no different than kira . S live room luke , down and out , sit with Sophia , watch the news as various commentator rant about kira . sophia I do not get it , how the hell 's he do it ? luke I do not know , but kira slip up , he should not have kill that guy . luke shut off the tv. 55 . sophia why have you do that ? luke I be spend , can we call it a night ? sophia sure . int . luke 's room - night luke sleep next to Sophia when he begin to toss and turn . suddenly he wake up , breathe heavily . something have he rattle . he get up and move to the mirror . he 's surprised to see bag under he eye . sophia ( 0.s. ) what be it ? luke nothing . go back to sleep . he turn to the death note , eyeing it uneasily , hone in on a distinct japanese character / word engrave on its bind . ext . fish market - the next day luke approach tosh ( japanese , 50 's ) as he prep for work . luke tosh , can I ask you something . what 's this mean ? he hand he a piece of paper with the japanese character / word write on it . tosh look at it , pull out he lighter and set the paper ablaze . luke ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? tosh that be a word we never speak . even say it bring bad luck . luke tosh , come on man , give I a break . what 's it mean ? beat 56 . tosh ( reluctant ) it 's a ancient word , it mean shinigami . luke shin -- what ? tosh will not say it again as he leave luke stand there . int . luke 's room luke make several query on a reference portal , try various spelling of '' shinigami '' but to no avail when . he hear the door downstairs . int . luke 's live room capt. Murray enter as Sarah watch tv . sarah hey daddy , a detective from Jersey City call . he say it be important . she gesture towards a post - it near the phone as luke make he way to the fridge . capt . murray thanks . luke discreetly look on as capt . Murray dial . capt , murray ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) hi , this be Captain Sean Murray . I be return you call . ( wait for response ) you be kid I ... a - 44 caliber ansley , huh ... capt . Murray make he way down the hall to get some privacy . int . hallway - cont . capt . murray sure , I could pull the slug from my wife 's case . i’11l have they rush over . I really appreciate the head up . luke ( 0.s. ) what be that about ? 57 . capt . Murray turn surprised to find luke stand behind he . luke ( cont 'd ) be it about mom ? capt . murray ( pause ) they still gotta check the ballistic but they think they might have find the murder weapon . luke be pleased as ... int . nypd conference room - day a '' '' . ++. the L logo fade up on a laptop screen and watari goemman , Washington and capt . Murray enter . L I have reexamine the time of death for each kira kill . a string of data race across a large projection screen behind L 's laptop . L ( cont ’d ) each out of state death have be convert to eastern standard time . the data on screen shuffles about and grow more and more uniform . L ( cont 'd ) as you can see a pattern slowly begin to emerge . Monday , Wednesday , and Friday mirror each other while tuesday and thursdays be similar . dt . goemman what a weird pattern ... what do it mean ? L it mean there be structure in he life , something he can not change . something he 's work around . capt . murray so he 's on a schedule . L exactly . 58 . they mull over the possibility . dt . WASHINGTON maybe he 's a pilot and that 's he flight schedule . L no , I have already check with the faa , no flight crew 's schedule parallel this pattern . dt . WASHINGTON but it 's gotta be some kind of transportation schedule , right ? L no , not necessarily ... the anthrax killer strike by mail . he kill people in three different state without ever leave he lab . dt . goemman so what be it ? capt . murray ( pause ) it kinda look like a college kid 's schedule . L that 's what I be think . dt . goemman . wait a second ? be you sayin 's kira might be a freakin 's coed ? L well , I think we guy be either a student or someone who 's affiliate with a local college or university . look at what we know about he . he 's very tech savvy . that inherently trend towards a young , educate perp . probably gen y , or the millennium generation . he 's brash and idealistic ; again indicator of a young , more likely than not , male perp . now couple this trait with the fact that the e-mail send to the Times come from a wi- fi network that be hack near fordham . University ... and I think a rough sketch of we perp start to come into focus . he 's probably a young male , in he mid twenty . ( more ) 59 . L ( cont 'd ) he might be a grad student or a ta. probably caucasian . quiet . known for be somewhat reserve . but there be something in he past that drive he . there 's something damage about he . that 's the guy we be look for . they take it all in , especially capt. Murray . dt . goemman great ... white guy , mid twenty , good with computer and a little crazy . in New York , that 's like two million people . capt . murray well , it 's a start . check in with all the local college , fordham , nyu , Columbia , Pace ... talk to the mental health administrator . see if there 's anyone they think be suspicious . ( pause ) I know it 's like search for a needle in a haystack . but let 's try and turn up the heat on this guy . the man nod in agreement as ... int . cafeteria - fordham university ++. a debate erupt amongst some student at lunch . amongst they be luke and Sophia . sophia I wanna know how kira 's do it . male student who care , as long as he keep up the good work . a girl student shoot he a look . male student ( cont ’d ) what ? no one want to admit it but they be glad this guy be die . girl student hey , this be not a video game . you do not die and respawn three second later . the girl 60 . sophia yeah , nobody have the right to do what he 's do . luke ( interject ) I think it 's for the great good . sophia how can you say that ? luke people die all the time , for no good reason . and it suck . ( beat ) at least this people be die for something . girl student luke , what be you talk about ? luke it 's the Coventry dilemma all over again . girl student what 's the Coventry dilemma ? luke it 's kind of a long story ... all give he a look . luke ( cont ’d ) okay ... well , during World War two the british crack the german '' enigma '' cypher . it be a secret code the Nazis use . the brit realize that the town of Coventry be go to get bomb . now , they first instinct be to evacuate the town but then they realize they could not do that . they have to let the Nazis bomb Coventry , otherwise the enemy would know they have break the code . in the end thousand of people die . they life be sacrifice to save countless other ... and that 's what we have here now , on a much smaller scale . if you make a example out of say , a hundred criminal , you could save countless innocent life and spare thousand of family from all kind of hardship . be it fair ? be it right ? ( more ) 61 . luke ( cont 'd ) it 's hard to say . but like churchill say , '' it 's all for the great good . '' the girl look on , take aback . luke have shut they up in one fall swoop . int . hallway - murray home capt . Murray eye luke through the crack of the door for a moment , study he . he shake off a think as ... int . luke 's room - same time + ++ he knock on luke 's door and enter . capt . murray luke , do you have a sec ? luke I be gettin’ ready for work . capt . murray do not worry this will not take long ... I want you to do I a favor . I want you to go to Dr. Warren 's office and get check out . luke do not worry . I be fine . capt . murray please , do what I tell you . you look like hell . luke put on he best face . luke alright dad ... be that it ? capt . murray no . I actually get a surprise for you . capt . Murray hand he a letter . capt . murray ( cont ’d ) it 's from the mayor himself , completely hand write . how many law school applicant have that ? ( more ) 62 . capt . murray ( cont ’d ) ( proudly point ) I love this line , '' luke 's heroism on the subway speak volume , for he future be far brighter than most , yet he be willing to risk it all to do what be right . '' luke dad , I be not go to law school . capt . murray what ? luke I only take the test to appease you . capt . murray what be you talkin’ about ? you should go to law school . it 's what you mother always want . luke that be before she get kill . before scumbag lawyer let she killer walk . capt . murray what be you talk about ? luke that guy , lozano , he kill someone before he shot mom , do you know that ? his lawyer get he off . he should have be in jail , instead mom 's dead . capt . murray luke , you gotta stop with this . lozano do not do it . the ballistic do not match up . luke be blow away . luke what ? capt . murray we just get the result back . it be not the same gun . luke hear it but still can not believe it . capt . murray ( cont 'd ) you gotta let it go , luke . 63. luke like you do , dad ? capt . murray hey , watch you mouth . luke why , it 's the truth , be not it . luke push past he father and ... ext . STREET -+. make he way along . after a moment he cell ring . luke look at the number and ignore the call . int . live room / kitchen - same time capt . Murray sigh as he get voice mail . he -click off the phone and pour himself a stiff drink . ext . STREET —- later luke speak into a pay phone . luke you lie to I . int . BRETT gurtsky 's apartment - intercut BRETT ( into phone ) who the hell be this ? luke I be the guy who can kill you . a chill shoot down brett 's spine as he begin to recognize luke 's voice . BRETT what do you want ? luke why would you lie to I ? BRETT I do not lie to you . luke yes you do , brett . yes , you do . 64 . BRETT no , I do not . I swear ! luke I find lozano 's gun . the ballistic do not match up ... too bad , I think you do not want to end up like you brother . BRETT wait , wait , please ! luke what ? BRETT lozano shiv he gun . luke what be you talk about ? BRETT he jam a screwdriver down the barrel to throw off the rifling . it. make he gun untraceable . luke be take aback . luke why do not you mention it before ? BRETT what do you mean ? how be I suppose to know ? ( beat ) I swear it 's the truth . luke you better hope so . int . luke 's house - night luke enter and see capt . Murray pass out on the couch , a empty bottle of scotch laid out before he . int . luke 's room — later luke enter , mind churn . he grab a manila envelope from he desk . and address it to alejandro lozano , rahway State prison . 65 . int . cvs drugstore - morning luke busy a prepay cell phone and call card . cashier will that be cash or credit ? luke Cash . luke pay and discreetly place the call card into the manila envelope . ext . U.S. post office hub - 32nd ST . & 8 th ave . luke move to a bin and look both way before , place the envelope inside as ... int . police station +--+ brett pull down the brim of he hat and approach the receptionist . BRETT I would like to uh ... talk to dt. goemman .- receptionist be he expect you ? he shake he head '' no . '' int . waiting area - later brett sit , wait anxiously . dt . goemman brett , what can I do for you ? BRETT be there someplace we can talk ? dt . goemman sure , what 's up ? int . luke 's room — night luke look in the mirror and see that the bag under he eye have worsen . he rip off he shirt and it 's clear he 's lose at least fifteen pound . he shoot a look over to the death note. 66 . ext . STREET - next day luke walk along , check the street number , when he find what he 's look for . reveal : pan asian historical CENTER int . historical CENTER luke talk to the research librarian , who lead he into a moisture free room fill with old leather bound book . librarian I think this be what you be look for . she unroll a dusty parchment write in japanese . librarian ( cont 'd ) you should be all set . ~luke thanks . luke scour through the parchment when he recognize the japanese character / word . he hurriedly flip through the accompany translation and read ... insert text : shinigami - japanese God of death ... legend have it a man once find a shinigami 's death note ... the more he use it , the more it drive he to kill ... until it drive he mad ... . luke slowly pull out the death note . CUT to : death note page ~- law of the death note luke ( v.0 . ) rule - the owner of the death note may renounce ownership by proclaim , '' I relinquish myself from the death note . '' they 'il be set free from its grasp and lose all memory of it . ( note : this be not the first time he 's read this rule , but it 's the first time it 's important ) on luke in a secluded study room . he write himself a note on a post it before ... 67 . luke ( cont ’d ) I relinquish myself from the death note . sure enough he face go blank . he look at the book as if see it for the first time before notice the post it . insert post it : pick up the book in front of you . he grab the book . in he mind 's eye he see a flurry of fierce , fragment image as he 's flood with the death note memory . luke ( cont 'd ) whoa ... CUT to : death note page - law of the death note luke ( v.0 . ) rule - a previous possessor of the death note will have they memory restore if they reacquire it . back on luke he try it again ... his face go blank ... he grab the book ~-- immediately flood with the memory again . luke ( cont 'd ) whoa ... ext . historical CENTER luke exit and make he way along when suddenly he notice someone emerge from the darkness . a chill shoot down he spine . he feel they stare and be overcome by a uneasy feel as he take off . ext . STREET luke walk along , hear footstep on the cobble stone street behind he . he quicken he stride ... and sure enough the footstep behind he also hasten . luke pull out he sidekick , act like he 's texting , but instead use the sidekick 's camera to see behind he . insert sidekick screen -- a man in a trench coat follow he . luke round a corner , mind racing . he see a internet cafe and ... 68 . int . internet cafe - cont . ++» quickly enter . he throw down some cash , guickly pull — off he sweatshirt and make he way to a computer while eyeing the front door . after a long moment the trench coat man enter . luke wait for he to take a seat and then get up and leave through the rear door . ext . internet cafe - cont . luke exit , stop in front of the cafe 's opaque door and count to himself before ... .-. he spin back around and go to re-enter when the door swing open . he bump right into the trench coat man , but not before get a good look at he . luke Excuse I . int . internet cafe luke enter . luke shit ... now he 's sure he 's be follow as he grab the sweatshirt he purposely leave behind . int . luke 's room - night luke pace , mind racing . luke who the hell 's follow I ? suddenly , the germ of a idea form in he head . he grab the death note and revert back to the rule . cuUT to : death note page - law of the death note luke ( v.o. ) rule - if the cause of death be write the person will die accordingly unless that which be write be implausible . 69 . back on luke he move to he computer when there 's a knock on he door . sophia ( 0.s. ) luke , it 's I . luke ( under breath ) damn it . he quickly remove the ink cartridge from he ball - point pen and pass it through a tiny hole on the underside of he desk drawer ... + ++ pop up a false bottom , revealing a secret compartment where he tuck away the death note before open the door . sophia why 's you door lock ? luke I do not realize it be ... uh , listen , can we just hang out some other time ? I get some stuff I get to take care of . sophia alright ... sure . ext . luke 's house Sophia can not help feel something be wrong as she look up and see luke write at he desk . int . kira task force - day dt. goemman and Washington race to capt . Murray . dt . goemman cap , you get to see this . Washington pop a CD into a projector . WASHINGTON we have be monitoring all the priority arrest report . last night three criminal from the dea 's list get nail . 70 . dt . goemman this be from the nassau County prison , where at 10:45 pm inmate James Zellman cut he finger and draw this on the wall ... on screen : a large pentacle be sketch in blood . dt . goemman ( cont ’d ) + ++ shortly after , he die of a heart attack . dt . WASHINGTON at 10:47 pm over at riker 's Island , vlad dulinski write a full confession and run into the lavatory before also die of a heart attack . Washington click over to the next image . dt . goemman patrol find this in a crack house in harlem . on screen : a drug dealer lie dead from a self - inflicted gunshot . dt . goemman ( cont ’d ) this be Darren hick , he 's get a rap sheet a mile long . he be also on the dea 's list . they all look on , take aback ... .+. on screen reveal : '' kira be here '' write above the dead drug dealer . beat L do not tell the press anything . as far as they know , they all die of heart attack . capt . murray agreed . int . luke 's room - night luke watch the news intently . 71 . news anchor ( on tv ) Three more criminal , Jim Zellman , vlad dulinski , and Darren hick , all die of heart attack last night in the latest string of alleged kira killing ... luke think for a moment before hack into the nypd remote access server where he find what he 's look for ... ++. image of : the pentacle , dulinski 's confession & the drug dealer . all the criminal die exactly the way he want they to . luke look relieved as he eye narrow and harden . newscaster ( 0.s. ) in other news , a citywide manhunt be underway for serial rapist , tony dalton . a picture of tony dalton fade up on screen . newscaster ( cont ’d ) dalton escape from several sheriff 's deputy who be bring he to he arraignment . insert footage of the roped off crime scene : investigator move about the blood stained step . newscaster ( cont 'd ) he be consider armed and dangerous ... luke open the death note and begin to write ... tony dalton . int . hallway / luke's room - morning luke place a pin in the top hinge of he door , before ... ext . dinsmore blvd . - morning ++. meeting up with Sophia . he seem distract and distant . sophia you would tell I if something be wrong , right ? luke yeah , but nothing 's wrong . 72 . she do not believe he as ... ext . mta bus stop - cont . «.. the m60 Manhattan bound bus pull up . luke and Sophia hop on as the trench coat man ( from before ) hustle over and get on as well . int . bus - moving - cont . luke and Sophia move towards the back of the bus as the trench coat man take a seat behind they . ext . bus stop a man with a hard look wait as the bus pull up ... int . bus - cont . +». he get on . it 's tony dalton , the fugitive from the night before . the bus rumble off as ... -.. dalton rip out a gun and press it against the driver' head . ~ dalton do exactly as I say or I will blow you head off ! fat woman ( 0.s. ) ah!i!t ! dalton spin around to a terrify fat woman . dalton pipe down you fat cow ! panic ripple through the bus . dalton ( cont 'd ) now listen up ! this be a robbery ! do what I say and no one get hurt . sophia grab luke 's shoulder . dalton ( cont ’d ) ( to Driver ) keep drive ! the driver nod submissively as luke turn to the trench coat man behind he . 73. luke we gotta do something . dalton see he from the corner of he eye . dalton hey you ! dalton march over to luke -- and jam the gun in he face . dalton ( cont 'd ) what the hell be you doin 's ? luke nothing . dalton oh yeah ? dalton pistol whip luke hard across the face . dalton ( cont 'd ) anyone else wanna be a hero ?! dalton stare they down . he mean business . dalton ( cont 'd ) everybody put you hand where I can see ‘em ! now ! dalton toss a bag to luke as he wipe blood from he lip . dalton ( cont 'd ) you just volunteer yourself , tough guy . he grab luke by the collar and pull he to the front.of the bus . dalton ( cont 'd ) okay now listen up , I want everyone to put they wallet into the bag ! if you give I shit , I ’1ll give you lead ! dalton lead luke from person to person as luke collect they wallet and place they into the bag . they get to the man in the trench coat . he 's reluctant to hand over he wallet . dalton ( cont 'd ) come on , let 's go ... dalton raise the gun to he face . 74 . dalton ( cont 'd ) Hand it over . begrudgingly trench coat man hand over he wallet , but luke drop it ... ++.» it land on the floor -- and flop open -- revealing the man 's FBI shield and name : ray roe . luke get a good look at it and be take aback . dalton ( cont ’d ) so you be a pig ... dalton tighten he trigger finger -- shoot -- but . luke knock he arm away -- send the shot astray as -- --. agent roe duck -- the bullet just missing he , when -- everyone 's head jerk forward as -- -- the bus driver -- slam on the brake . passengers smack into the seat in front of they as dalton tumble backwards -- into the aisle as the bus come to a screeching halt . agent roe draw he gun -- aim -- but it 's too late -- dalton stumble to he foot -- push open the bus door and race out when -- ext . bus -- a horn blare -- brake screech -- smash !!! -- a garbage truck plows into dalton as it barrel past the bus -- sending he spiraling in the AIR -- -- he crash down hard on the road , motionless . dead . int . bus everyone look on in horror as ... ext . bus ++» blood spew out from dalton 's head . luke ( v.0o . ) tony dalton , hit by a truck ... super : the handwritten text of the death note entry over the aftermath of the accident as_ luke reveal how he orchestrate it all : 75 . luke ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) March 25th , 2008 tony dalton get on the nine fifteen m60 bus bound for Manhattan . he try to rob it , pistol whip a young man wear a thundercats t-shirt and then force he to help . flash back ( bus sequence ) : reveal luke wear a thundercats t-shirt as he reach for agent roe 's wallet and purposely drop it ( revealing he identity ) . luke ( v.0 . ) ( cont ’d ) when the young man drop a wallet , dalton go into a rage , fire he gun and rush off the bus , where he 's kill . back to aftermath - present time luke apply pressure to a gash on Sophia 's head as agent roe approach they . agent roe hey , I just want to thank you . luke you do not have to thank I . agent roe almost feel guilty for suspect he , have no idea luke save he life to do just that . int . emergency room - hospital luke pull back a curtain and find Sophia sit with a bandage on she head . luke come on , let 's get out of here . Sophia do not budge . luke ( cont ’d ) what ? I speak to the cop . we can take off ... what 's the matter ? sophia I be so scared when that guy hit you . he could have kill you . luke do not worry , nothing 's gonna happen to I , Sophia . come on , let 's go . 76 . he grab she and lead she away as a nervous anxiousness drive he . sophia stop . luke what ? I wanna get out of here . she just look at he , emotion welling up in she . sophia what 's get into you ? luke what do you mean ? sophia I mean , you look terrible and you have be act weird -- woman ( 0.s. ) I know I know you ! reveal the fat woman from the bus , sit nearby . woman ( cont 'd ) you be the kid from the subway . you save that woman . luke no , that be not I . ( to Sophia ) be you come ? she hesitates before move to he . woman really ? I could have swear that be you , that you be that hero kid . luke nope . luke hurriedly lead Sophia out the door . int . hallway / luke's room luke check for the pin in the door hinge , it 's still . there . he remove it and ... int . room - cont . +.» run he hand through he hair as he mind churn . 77 . luke shit ... the fed . he glance at a picture of he mom . beat luke ( cont 'd ) I need more time . he take out the death note as he pace back and forth . cur to : death note page - law of the death note luke ( v.0 . ) rule - a page or remnant of a page can bring about death , even if it 's be remove from the death note . ( note : again , this be not the first time he 's read this rule but it 's the first time it 's important ) on luke as he rip several page from the book and pocket they before tucking the book back in the secret compartment . luke ( cont ’d ) dust in case . he take off as ... int . HOTEL room '' nd ++. brett gurtsky sit before a laptop display the L logo . L ( from computer ) I know we have be through this a hundred time but be there anything else you can remember . anything at all ? BRETT honestly , there 's nothin’ else ... I have give you everything I have get . beat 78 . L alright . thanks brett . we be gonna keep you sequester here at the hotel . but do I a favor ... from this point on do not discuss any of this with the nypd . BRETT why not ? L ' Cause we suspect might have tie to they ... do not want to tip he off . brett leave as agent roe enter . L ( cont 'd ) what do you get for I ? int . private room - down in the bowel of the library luke pace , he mind churn as ... int . cell - murderer 's row - rahway prison - day «+. alejandro lozano curiously study the letter luke send he . he remove the phone card and dial a pay phone in he cell . int . private room luke stop in he track when he prepay cell phone ring . emotion flush through he as he pull it out from he pocket . sophia ( 0.8 . ) can you help I with -- Sophia enter . luke not now , I have to take this . she stand there , wait . luke ( cont 'd ) Sophia , it 's private . please , just give I a minute . sophia who be it ? 79 . luke Sophia , please , just do I this favor . he whisk she towards the door as the cell ring in he hand . sophia alright ! God what the hell 's get into you ? she exit as he quickly lock the door behind she . luke ( into cell ) hello ... int . lonano' cell lozano ( into phone ) be this Mr. witten ? int . private room - intercut luke yes . this be Mr. witten . luke frantically search through he bookbag , pull out the death note page and a list of ten name . lozano Mr. witten , this be alejandro lozano . I get you letter . luke oh , Mr. lozano I be glad you call . the more luke hold the death note page -- the more they affect he . lozano so , can you really help I with my appeal and take it on pro bono ? luke actually I be not a lawyer . lozano what ? luke yeah , they be useless . believe I ... I have a better idea . 80 . luke begin to change ... his eye grow hard . lozano I do not understand . how the hell be you gonna help I ? luke write the name from the list onto a death note page . luke I be not ... a_glazed look fill luke 's face as the power of the death note completely take he over . luke ( cont 'd ) ++. I just want to hear you voice before I kill you . lozano what do you just say ? prisoner 1 ( 0.8 . ) ( guttural cry ) uhit ! prisoner 1 , five cell down from lozano , clutches he chest as a heart attack shoot through he . lozano quizzically look out he cell towards he as a officer race to he aid . luke that man do not just die of a heart attack . I kill he . lozano who the hell be this ? luke today you be gonna pay for kill Laura Murray . intercut : luke , lozano , officer , prisoner prisoner 2 ah !!! lozano spin around and see prisoner 2 ( across from prisoner 1 ) fall prey to a heart attack . a-chill shoot down he spine . officer ( into walkie ) get a medic up here fast ! 81 . prisoner 3 ( 0.s. ) uhi !! all head spin to prisoner 3 , who suffer the same fate , slump over -- smashing he head against a sink -- splatter blood across the floor . lozano 's heart race as prisoner 4 , grab the bar in fear . prisoner 4 it 's kira ! he 's gonna kill all of we ! bead of sweat form on lozano 's forehead . luke tell I something ... how 's it feel ? prisoner 4 fall backward -- smashing he head against the concrete floor . prisoner 5 prisoner 8 help we !!! let we out !!! other prisoner yell as panic sets in . correctional officer everyone calm down !!! ( into walkie ) we need a lock down on cell block 9 !!! it 's chaos -- alarm go off as riot guard rush in . luke I be save you for last because I want you to feel what it 's like to be afraid . I want you to feel what Laura Murray feel the day you kill she . lozano I do not know what you be talk about !!! luke yes you do . brett tell I everything . you kill two people in a grocery store back in ninety - seven . lozano no I do not . 82. luke do not lie to I , you use you ansley and then shive it with a screw driver . that smack lozano in the face as ... «+. prisoner 5 , 6 and 7 -- drop dead , one by one , like two row of dominos , make they way towards he . luke ( cont ’d ) just admit it and I x11 let you live . lozano see prisoner 8 and then 9 fall to they death . lozano okay , okay . it 's true . I do it . I be all mess up . I be sorry . luke finally get the truth . it really be lozano . lozano ( cont ’d ) please . I do not want to die . luke ( pause ) neither do Laura Murray . luke write alejandro lozano in the death note . after a few second ... lozano no ...! luke flip . the cell phone shut as ... ++. a massive heart attack cripple lozano . he stumble forward , flop to the ground as ... -+. he mouth begin to foam over . the disconnect signal beeps out from the phone as he lie there dead . int . private room luke hold the phone for a moment when he catch he own reflection in the glass of a picture frame . he quickly come to he sense as he look at what he 's do , take aback . suddenly a knock come from the door . sophia ( 0.s. ) luke ... 83. he quickly gather he stuff and race out ... int . hallway / int . private room ++. hustling past Sophia . sophia hey , where be you go ? luke gotta run . sophia what 's go on ? he do not respond as ... int . nypd conference room ... watari get a text message . watari Excuse I gentleman . watari move away from capt . Murray and the other as he dial a number into he cell . watari ( cont 'd ) ( sotto ) L , lozano be dead . ( listen to response ) okay . watari click off the cell . watari ( cont 'd ) gentlemen ... I have be instruct to bring you to L . the man all share a look as ... ext . subway +.. luke race out from a subway car , overwhelm with emotion when ... ++. he see the place where only two month ago he risk he own life to save another . it feel so long ago . ext . cemetery luke move to he mother 's grave and break down . 84 . luke ( pause ) gotta get rid of it ... it 's evil . int . luke's room masked men rummage through the room while other hurriedly install hide camera as ... ext . STREET - same time ... luke race towards he house , only a couple of block away . int . luke 's room a man rip open luke 's desk drawer , where the death note be hide . he scour through the drawer as ... ext . STREET +.» luke approach , a block away when ... int . nondescript car - parked ++. a look out spot he . look out ( into mic . ) we have get company . int . luke 's room the man in charge quickly slam the desk drawer shut , oblivious to the death note hide in the secret compartment below . man in charge hurry it up boy . they hurriedly finish install the camera while tidy up the room with memorize precision . ext . luke 's house luke race up the step , open the front door and enter as ... 85 . int . luke 's house + ++ the man funnel out a rear window with stealth . int . hallway oblivious , luke move towards he room , determine to get the book from he desk . int . luke's room everything be exactly the way it be when he leave it . no doubt about it , this guy be pro . int . hallway luke move towards he room , about to fall into they trap when ... -.- he notice the pin he place in the hinge have fall to the floor . a chill shoot down he spine . he realize someone have be in he room . int . luke 's room - cont . luke calmly enter as ... int . room - HOTEL - same time ++. a man in silhouette eye a row of surveillance screen , all depict various angle of luke and he room . int . luke 's room luke realize that it might look suspicious to remove the book from the hide compartment . as much as he want to get rid of it , he can not . int . room - HOTEL - same time silhouetted man / ( L ) let 's see if you be the hero everyone think you be . ext . HOTEL lobby watari lead capt . Murray and he team towards a elevator ... 86 . int . live room - HOTEL - cont . ++. ushere everyone in . after a moment L enter . ' he 's intense , internal , fill with a mix of far off hurt and intelligence . L hi. I 'ml . capt . Murray can not believe it , he 's much young than he expect . he turn to watari for confirmation . watari nod . capt . murray hi , I be Captain Murray . greeting be exchange as watari hand capt . Murray a folder of picture . L I have ask you all here because I have narrow down we suspect pool . capt . Murray open the folder and find image of luke . capt . murray what the hell be this ? L something happen today that prove kira , more likely than not , be you son , capt . Murray . capt . murray you be out of you mind . L I know this must be very hard for you captain but luke be a college student , he have a very high iq and it . would not be hard for he to get information from you without you even know it . but most of all , he have a motive . dt . goemman what the hell be you talk about ? L his mother be murder . there 's probably not a single day that go by where he do not think about that . imagine what that would be like . ( more ) 87 . L ( cont 'd ) how that would affect someone , to see they mother gun down in front of they . if it be I , I would want to kill the bastard . I would want vengeance . or dare I say , justice . capt . murray who the hell do you think you be !? Captain Murray grab L and slam he up against the wall . L alejandro lozano be dead -- he die of a heart attack . capt . Murray let go of L. it 's as if he get kick in the gut . capt . murray what ...? when ? L this morning . dt . goemman ( in defense of the capt . ) so what ? the ballistic do not match up ... he be not the shooter . L yes , he be . L gesture to waturi , who bring over a weapon in a red evidence bag . L ( cont 'd ) lozano alter the rifling of he gun with a screwdriver ... that 's what throw off the lab . but the screwdriver do not reach the back of the gun barrel . when you compare that marking to the slug they be a perfect match . ( beat ) he be the man that kill you wife , capt. Murray . a uncomfortable silence ensue . dt . WASHINGTON that do not prove anything . what ?! 88 . L so it 's just a coincidence that lozano and Rick gurtsky , one of he few know accomplice , be both kill by kira ? maybe . I '11 give you that . but when you couple that with brett gurtsky 's testimony and the fact that the e-mail send to the Times come from a computer near fordham University , the school luke attend , it become harder and harder to say it 's all just strange happenstance . capt . murray that be bold allegation , L. dt . WASHINGTON yeah , it 's all circumstantial . L I know . that 's why I do what I do ... cameras have be install in you house . dt . goemman dt . WASHINGTON you be out of you mind l! they be all take aback but capt . Murray cut they off . L nod . capt . murray ( to L ) I know my son be a good kid . we have get nothing to hide . if you wanna watch we L , go ahead and watch we . but make sure the job get do right . make sure they be no blind spot . because I do not want any excuse . be we clear ? capt . murray ( cont ’d ) good , because I be not ask . capt . Murray storm away , as do the other . int . luke 's room luke ready himself for work as capt . Murray enter . capt . murray luke , I want to talk to you . 89 . luke I can not now , I gotta go . capt . murray then I x11 walk with you . come on . ext . STREET - cont . luke and capt . Murray walk along . capt . murray do you go to Dr. warre n 's ? luke yeah . capt . murray what would he say ? luke nothing , everything 's fine . luke put on he best face as capt . Murray study he . capt . murray I want you to know something ... it be lozano . they reexamine the gun and the ballistic match up . capt. Murray notice that luke react with feign surprise . capt . murray ( cont 'd ) look , I want you to listen to I and I want you to listen good ... if you need to talk to I , you can . luke I know , dad . capt . murray no , that 's not what I be say . capt. Murray look at luke for emphasis . capt . murray ( cont 'd ) you can come to I ... no matter what ... do you understand ? there 's a long pause , a unsaid understanding , it rattles luke . how could he have put he father in this position ? int . private room - library - different day luke pace back and forth . 90 . luke ( sotto to self ) gotta turn myself in . ( beat ) no , can not let it get out there . he 's at a loss as ... int . HOTEL room '' -. brett , deep in think , scroll through the New York Times online edition . suddenly he stop dead in he track when he find what he 's look for , the korean grocery store robbery . he eye the name of the victim and they remain relative . insert text : Linda Murray survive by she husband nypd detective Sean Murray , and she two child , luke and Sarah . ext . ATM - NYC luke withdraw some cash , continually check to see if anyone be follow he . int . spy chest electronics store a premier store for spy software . a salesman show luke a wireless camera hunter and other bug detection software . salesman this be what you want . if you have any bug or hide camera , this 'il find ‘em . but what make this little baby special be that it can tap into they frequency , so it can show you what they be see . luke how much ? salesman two hundred buck . luke can I return it if I have to ? salesman you get thirty day kid , after that it 's yours come hell or high water . 91 . ext . luke 's house - evening luke stand on a tall ladder , hose leave down the gutter when ... +. he pull out the camera hunter . earphone be attach to it , make it look like a ipod . insert the camera hunter 's 2.5 '' high resolution screen ... «+. it show the Pov of a hide camera in luke 's room . luke hit a button and it cut to a different hide camera 's Pov . he write on he hand , diagramm the angle , look for a blind spot when ... sarah ( 0.s. ) hey , it 's get late . startle , luke turn the hose back on the gutter . sarah ( cont ’d ) be you ready to go ? luke go where ? she look at he , shocked . luke ( cont 'd ) what ? sarah be you kid I ? luke Sarah , I do not have time for this . what do you want ? sarah just forget it . she storm away . luke hey , it 's not my job to remember everything . it 's time you stop act like a kid and grow up . sarah oh yeah , screw you , how 's that for grow up ?! luke what 's you problem !? 92. sarah it 's mom 's birthday ! she storm away , teary - eye as luke stand there , shattered . he solemnly turn to the camera hunter . insert screen : it show Sarah grab a bouquet of flower off the kitchen table and storm out , as do ... int . l’s HOTEL room - evening ++. a surveillance screen here . it 's one of many which line the wall depict various angle of luke 's house . L eye they all as ... ++. capt. Murray and he team enter . the tension be palpable . L well , I be glad everyone be onboard . capt . murray how long do you plan on do this ? L we have to wait until another con be kill . but it have to be someone who have not be in the news before . that 's the only way we can definitively clear luke . capt . murray that could take a long time . L I be sorry , but we do not have a choice . I hope you understand . int . HOTEL room - different day brett cautiously pick up the phone and dial . int . live room - intercut luke ( into phone ) hello ? brett freeze as he hear luke 's voice . luke ( cont ’d ) hello ...? hello ... 93. brett quickly hang up as he go pale . int . l’s HOTEL room - different day capt. Murray and L wearily monitor the surveillance camera as ... int . luke 's room - same time ++. luke , now with longer hair enter , eat a bag of potato chip . int . l’s HOTEL room capt. Murray and L wearily look on . L you son do not look well . capt . murray it 's just work and final . that 's all . at least that 's what capt . Murray hope . news anchor ( 0.s . ) ( from tv ) ++ . the dow be up a hundred point today in heavy trading ... but we cut to break news . we have just receive word that a arrest have be make in the murder case that have leave a harlem neighborhood up in arm ... insert tv -- intercut CUT as necessary news anchor ( cont ’d ) last week natasha Jackson be sexually assault and murder in she home . DNA evidence have lead authority to a unlikely suspect , John burress , a teach assistant at natasha 's school , ps 32 . footage of authorities escort burress into the station fill the screen . news anchor ( cont 'd ) authority raid he residency and discover physical evidence that connect he to the crime along with a stock pile of child pornography ... wait a minute ( listen to earpiece ) something seem to have happen . we be gonna go live to the scene ... a news reporter stand in front of a harlem police precinct as chaos erupt behind he . news anchor ( 0.s. ) ( cont ’d ) Jack , can you tell we what 's go on down there ? news reporter we have just get word that murder suspect John burress have die of a heart attack ! L and capt . murray sit up in attention . L watari , turn up the volume . they immediately shoot a look over to the screen monitoring luke . he eat potato chip and study at he desk . L ( cont ’d ) ( pause ) he 's not watch the news ... the other detective rush in . dt . goemman be you guy watch this !? capt . murray yeah . news anchor ( 0.s. ) do you think it be kira ? all eye turn to the tv . news reporter it certainly seem so . L be stupefy . 95 . int . luke's room luke eat chip as we slowly move in closer to the potato chip bag ... ++. reveal a mini-hand hold tv , a pen and a small piece of the death note , lie deep within the bag . the newscast 's play on the mini 's 2.5 inch screen as a tiny earpiece feed luke the audio track . a name be write on the death note paper ... sure enough ... it 's one John burress ... int . l’s HOTEL room capt. Murray be on he cell as brett gurtsky enter and approach L and the investigative team . BRETT L , you want to see I ? L yeah , I ’'1l be with you in a moment . he point he towards a room as capt . Murray click off he cell . capt . murray ( to L ) the coroner just confirm it . it be kira . L 's mind race as the news sink in . dt . goemman I think we have no choice but to absolve luke . beat capt . murray be not this enough for you l? beat L watari , remove all the surveillance equipment . capt. Murray and he man take off as brett move to L. 96 . BRETT you be make a mistake . ( be : luke ) this be you guy . I be sure of it . L I do not have a choice . brett can not believe it . ext . luke 's house - different day luke hold the camera hunter like a ipod as a big grin . cross he face . all the camera have be remove . int . luke 's room - cont . he race inside and rip the death note out from the hide compartment in he desk and ... ext . luke 's house - cont . «+. race out , bump into he father . capt . murray hey , where be you go ? luke Sophia 's ... but listen dad , I want you to know something . you be right . about everything . I be gonna go to law school . relief flush through Captain Murray . he could not be happier , with everything . ext . junk yard luke douse the death note with gasoline . . luke I relinquish myself from the ( death note . he strike a match and toss it onto the book . it explode into a ball of flame . int . luke 's house - later - luke enter . he look like a new man . Sarah study he . 97 . luke hey , do you eat dinner ? sarah no. luke you want some grill cheese ? sarah only if you be make it . luke smile ... Sarah smile back , that 's more like the luke she know . int . HOTEL room brett come across luke 's profile on Facebook , which include a picture of he hugging Sophia . he click on she image and pull up she profile . he eye it for a long hard moment . insert profile : sophia baka , fordham University ' 09 int . l’s HOTEL room - evening watari hand the phone to L. watari it 's brett gurtsky , he have like to talk to you . L ( into phone ) hello . ext . STREET - intercut brett be on he cell . BRETT L , I be go to prove to you that luke Murray be kira . L how ? int . luke 's room luke 's cell phone ring , he check the caller id and smile . 98 . luke ( into cell ) hey , I be just think of you . int . NYC public library - intercut Sophia be on she cell . sophia can you meet I at the library ? luke sure . sophia how soon can you get here ? luke I do not know , thirty minute ... be everything alright ? Sophia want to say something but can not ... +... reveal brett discreetly point a 9 mm right at she . sophia yeah , everything 's fine . please hurry . int . l’s HOTEL room - watari and L watari we have tapped into the library 's video surveillance . L great . let I see it . various angle of the library appear on L 's surveillance screen . L ( cont 'd ) watari , be the lie detection software up and run ? watari I be still work on it . L hurry . watari frantically type away , try to boot up a audio polygraphic system . 99 . ext . NYC public library - 42nd ST . - same time luke race up the stair towards the entrance . luke ( into cell ) hey , where you at ? int . l’s HOTEL room capt. Murray and the investigative team hurriedly enter . capt . murray we get you message . what 's go on ? int . NYC public library - lower level luke enter and be take aback when he see brett point he gun at Sophia . BRETT stop right there ! a few bookworm flee when they see brett take aim at luke . sophia I be sorry , luke . he make I call . BRETT you think it 's cool to play with people 's life ? huh ? let 's see how you like it . if you want she to live , confess that you kill my brother and that you be kira . luke genuinely do not know what he 's talk about now that he 's give up the book . luke what ? please just calm down . you be make a big mistake . int . l’s HOTEL room capt . murray what the hell be go on ? this be bullshit ! we be already clear luke as a suspect ! L you might have -- but I do not . 100 . capt . murray ( to dt. Washington ) get some cop over there asap . dt. Washington hurry over to a phone as L look on intently . int . library BRETT I swear to god. I x11 kill she ! brett bring the gun to Sophia 's head . ; BRETT ( cont 'd ) do not make I do this . luke no , please ! I be not kira ! I do not know what you be talk about ! int . l’s HOTEL room L shoot a look to the lie detection software . it 's not up . L watari ! int . library brett begin to tighten he trigger finger . luke please , just let she go . you can do whatever you want to I , but do not hurt she . BRETT no , I want you to know what it feel like to lose someone . luke please , do not do it ! I be not kira !!! BRETT I do not believe you ! int . l’s HOTEL room everyone watch intently . dt . WASHINGTON the cop be almost there ! L have they hang back . capt . murray what ?! L let 's see how he play this . capt . murray this be not a damn game , l! send they in ! now ! int . library BRETT beg ! I want you to beg ! luke I be begging you ! do not do it ! I ’m , not , kira ! int . l’s HOTEL room all eye turn to the lie detection software . run now . L ( pause ) oh my god , he 's tell the truth . int . library brett tighten he trigger finger . BRETT now you know how it feel ! 101 . it 's up and emotion overwhelm he . he 's really go to do it . luke no ! siren blare . brett shoot a look out the window -- see cop arrive , when -- -- Sophia break free and make a run for it . down as brett take aim . time slow 102 . int . l’s HOTEL room everyone look on with bate breath . int . library luke charge towards Sophia , when ... luke no , do not -- ! ++. bam -- BRETT fire -- luke step in front of the shot , shield Sophia . thump -- the sound of flesh tear fill the room as he crumble to the floor . sophia luke ! int . l’'s HOTEL room they all stand there horrify as ... int , library «+. Sophia kneel down next to luke as a pool of blood spew onto the marble floor . sophia oh my God ... he look up at she . sophia ( cont 'd ) I be so sorry . luke do not be ... he grab hold of she hand and touch the claddagh ring he give she . she look at it as she well up with emotion . '' I love you '' cross he face but he do not have the strength to say it as he lose consciousness . sophia somebody help , please ! God please , somebody help we !!! luke ! lukel !! brett take in the scene . sophia ( cont 'd ) why do you shoot he ! 103 . the cop storm in -- gun draw . cop put the weapon down ! brett size up the cop . before bring the gun to he head . cop ( cont 'd ) no ! bam ! -- he knee buckle as a round case bounce off the floor and he limp body collapse from a self inflicted gun shot . int . l’s HOTEL room everyone watch in horror as the cop rush to luke , Sophia , and brett . capt . Murray explode , he grab L and jack he up against the wall . capt . murray you be gonna pay for this L. I swear to God ! the other detective struggle to restrain capt. Murray as ... ext . library + ++ blood spew out from luke 's belly . medic lift he onto a gurney and into a ambulance . int . waiting room - ST . vincent's hospital - later Sophia solemnly sit as capt . Murray hurriedly approach . capt . murray how be he ? sophia it 's touch and go . tear stream down she face as capt . Murray console she , try to be strong . fade to black fade up : 104 . int . hospital room - day later a heart monitor beeps as luke lie still ... his eye slowly open . it take he a moment to shake the cobweb as ... +.» capt. Murray , Sarah and Sophia slowly . get up from they seat . sophia oh , thank god ... ext . hospital - day later luke , bandage up , exit with capt. Murray . capt . murray I be gonna go get the car . hang tight . capt . Murray take off as luke fish through a bag of personal item . he find he sidekick and turn it on . he look at it curiously . he 's get a video message but the strange thing be it 's from himself . insert cell phone screen - intercut as necessary luke ( from video message ) there 's something you need to know ... you be kira . and I be here to tell you what happen . luke be take aback . luke ( from video message ) ( cont 'd ) after they remove the camera you try to destroy the book . ext . junk yard ( flashback ) the death note be engulf in flame . luke ( from video message ) but you realize it could not be destroy . luke be astonished when the flame recede and the death note remain unscathed . luke ( from video message ) ( cont 'd ) you think about throw it away but you be afraid of who might find it and what they might do with it . ( more ) 105 . luke ( from video message ) ( cont 'd ) you be at a loss , you do not know what to do ... that 's when I take over . luke 's eye narrow and harden again as he stand there in the junk yard , clutching the death note. ( note : everything luke do from here on be under the auspicious of the book ) . luke ( from video message ) ( cont 'd ) we realize that a cloud of suspicion still hang over you . and there be loose end that still need to be tie up . gurtsky be still out there . he open the death note and draw he pen . luke ( from video message ) ( cont 'd ) but we could not just kill he because that would only draw more suspicion ... luke write in the book one last time . luke ( from video message ) ( cont 'd ) ++. it would have be a mistake . cur to : int . library - ( flashback ) Sophia cradle luke as he lie there bleed . luke ( from video message ) and a mistake can cost someone they life ... brett take in the scene -- aghast at what he 's do . luke ( from video message ) ( cont 'd ) +... brett 's mistake be talk to the police . CUT to : ext . junk yard - ( flashback ) luke write in the death note . super : the text of the death note entry over the aftermath of the shoot as luke reveal how he orchestrate it all : 106 . luke ( v.0 . ) brett gurtsky , suicide . he arrange to meet with he brother 's killer by take he girlfriend hostage on June 5th 2008 . CUT to : sophia and BRETT at the library ( flashback ) luke ( v.0o . ) he force the girlfriend to call he and then contact the investigative team ... CUT to : watari handing the phone to L ( flashback ) luke ( v.0 . ) +.. and try to make the killer confess as they watch . CUT to : int . library - ( flashback ) Sophia break free from brett . luke ( v.0 . ) he try to stop the hostage when she run away and purposely shoot low center mass . BRETT lower he aim and squeezy off a round . luke ( from video message ) ( cont 'd ) we know you would do the heroic thing . luke step in front of the shot , shield Sophia . luke ( from video message ) ( cont 'd ) we just have to make sure it be not a lethal hit . luke crumble to the floor . luke ( from video message ) ( cont 'd ) a shot to the stomach would be painful , but it would not kill you . 107 . ext . hospital - ( present time ) luke stand there in shock . luke ( from video message ) then we take care of brett . int . library —- ( flashback ) brett be stunne by what he have do . he bring the gun to he head . luke ( v.0 . ) in a moment of madness , brett kill himself . ext . hospital - ( present time ) luke have to sit down . it 's as if he get kick in the gut . luke ( from video message ) we know that if they see you get shot there 's no way they would continue to suspect you . int . l’s HOTEL room ( flashback ) capt. Murray , L and the investigative team watch in horror as luke lie on the floor , blood spew . luke ( from video message ) but for you to really sell it , you need to not know what be go on . that 's why it be so perfect to give up the book and lose you memory of it . ext . hospital - ( present time ) luke look on , agape . luke ( from video message ) but we have unfinish work to do . we have hide the book in a abandon cemetery . cur to : 108. luke ( flashback ) he pour cement onto the death note , encase it within a headstone mold . luke ( from video message ) because we realize if we be to bury it in the ground or hide it in the house someone could find it . luke remove the headstone from the mold . luke ( from video message ) ( cont 'd ) but there be social and moral reason why a headstone would go untouched . luke carry the headstone into a abandon cemetery . luke ( from video message ) ( cont 'd ) and I be here to show you where it be ... the video message begin to pan across St. demetri 's Cemetery when ... ext . hospital - ( present time ) «+. luke snap he sidekick shut and sling it against the wall -- shatter it . luke oh my god ... what have I do ? beat luke stand there breathe heavily when he feel the weight of a stare . he turn and see L approach he . L hey , be you alright ? luke study he . how long have he be watch ? luke ( blankly ) I be sorry , do I know you ? L no ... but I know you . L pull out a bag of chip and begin to eat ( it 's the same brand luke use in the potato chip sequence ) . fade out : 109 . fade up : ext . cemetery - day luke solemnly lay flower on he mother 's grave . luke ( v.o. ) someone once say that the high proof of virtue be to possess boundless power without abuse it ... but they never have a death note . ext . STREET - day luke pensively walk along . luke ( v.o. ) every day I pass by the cemetery . he scan the grounds of the cemetery . luke ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I do not know which headstone it 's in but the truth be -- I do not want to know . I just want to know it 's there , where no one can get to it . int . luke 's room - day luke sit in he chair , deep in think , look at some kira news clipping . luke ( v.0 . ) I spend a lot of time alone afterwards think about what happen . int . church - day luke sit in a pew . luke ( v.o. ) I could not make sense of it all . because the truth be , I let it happen . luke break down and lower he head . 110 . ext . nypd headquarters - NYC luke eye he father and he team through a window . luke ( v.0 . ) I think about turn myself in and confess ... luke begin to cross the street , move towards he father 's office . - luke ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) ++. but how could I explain what happen without the book . luke stop , think better of it and turn around . luke ( v.0 . ) ( cont 'd ) I realize I could never tell anyone what happen , but not because of what they would do to I . no , the truth be the book be just too dangerous . I know it then and I know it now . the world should not know it exist . nothing good can come from it . int . columbia law school bookstore - day luke bring a bunch of book to a cashier . luke ( v.0 . ) but I know I still owed the house for the life that have be take . maybe I could never repay that debt . but I have to try . I decide I be gonna spend the rest of my life fight the good fight , try to help that that be unjustly convict . maybe by save they I could undo some of the harm I do . cashier you a l1 ? luke yeah . cashier do not let they rattle you . that 's what the first year of law school be all about . 111 . luke thanks . ext . STREET - day luke walk along with Sophia , law book in tow . sophia I be glad you finally come to you sense . luke yeah , I too . luke take she hand in he as they walk past the cemetery . he can not help but shoot one last look back at the headstone as we ... «+.» slowly fade to black the end