_awhite -hot . juggernaut at 200 mpei mickey rourke 70f bell a weinstein company prn ton a rip release Day 8 . 1 draft -. , 2006 '' ‘ina ! ' quentin ' tayantino . se , F 1 '' ' Valentine * oo a this script be dedicated to the poet laureate of . . the drive - in _ : . - charle . B. griffith . * you work have always . ° 5 " rocked all night , " daddy - o. °° . ae respect , ~ quentin tarantino Pov of a car windshield ~ day the car be drive fast down the road . a pair of female Des bare foot with a gold ankle bracelet lie propped upon the _ - dashboard emanate from the passenger seat . a good God almighty rockabilly tune beat out of the car stereo , the foot tap to the beat . : the open credit play out over this image . as the music continue we . CUT to : - int jungle . julia 's apartment .— day a tall ( maybe 6ft ) . amazonian : mulatto : goddess 's walk down she hallway , dress in a baby tee , and panty that she big : ass ( a good thing ) spill out of , and she long leg grow out of . her big bare foot slap on the hard wood floor . she move to the cool rockabilly beat 's as she pace like a tiger put on she clothes . outside she apartment she hear a '' honk honk '' . she stick she long mane of silky black curly hair , she giraffish neck and she broad shoulder , out of the window and yell down to a car below . this sexy chick be Austin , Texas , local celebrity , jungle julia lucai , the most popular discjockey of the coolest rock radio station in a music town . jungle julia I be comin’ down ! ext — STREET outside julia 's apartment - day two girl be 's get out of a white Honda civic , that 's park across the street from jungle Julia 's ' apartment . one girl . be shanna ... the other ( the one with the sexy open credit foot ) be arlene . . all three girl be in they seven year after college phase ( about twenty - eight ) . the dynamic of the trio be as such , Julia , Shanna , and arlene all go to the University of Texas together . Shanna be a Texas ' native . Julia be from Los Angeles . arlene be from Brooklyn . ' 8 meee after school be over , arlene go back to New : York , Julia get into 's the '' l6eal Austin music scene , - become : a. fixture ** : on the scene , '' and ultimately become a drive time d.j.. for the local oldy radio station Austin hot Wax 505 , and in wh arlene 's in town visit for a week , ahd it 's. sorta ... fallin '' on Shanna to take care of she . : but since Julia 's become a celebrity . in the meantime , . every plan : arrangement , ' arid girl night ' out be vaguely cater around Julia . as Julia scream down to they , arlene hurry across the '' street and scream up to she in she thick Brooklyn accent . arlene ( yell up ) hold on , I gotta come up ! I gotta take the world 's biggest fuckin’ piss ! . jungle julia . ( yell down ) we can not be late ! shanna ( yell ' up ) we : will not ! as arlene and Shanna hurry up the stair to Julia 's apartment , the rockabilly on the soundtrack be cut off . ( by . a needle be lift ) and a different song be put on the soundtrack . : - int -~ jungle julia 's apartment — Day Julia have just put on a new record and be . dance to the music . : arlene enter the front door with ' a i. gotta pee body language . : : Julia point in the direction of the bathroom . ne arlene disappear behind the bathroom door . Shanna and Julia dance to the record while arlene pee . int -. bathroom - day arlene be sittifig - on the toilet , a horse race , ' stream - of piss can be hear 's emanate from undér she . we slowly . zoom. into the pretty '' face ‘of relief . : wi . : ext = jungle julia' apartment — day in slow motion , the three girl walk out of the ' apartment , - and head for they car . they climb into Shanna 's car , and head off to they next exciting 3 girl '3 adventure . cae as the Honda drive away , a subtitle appear below : the City of Austin , Texas ' int honda ( moving ) - day Shanna be behind the wheel , arlene be in the passenger . seat , and jungle Julia lie sprawle out in the back seat , she foot out the car door window , like cleopatra . jungle julia who 's hold ? shanna if you be not , then nobody ... 3 arlene turn around in she seat to talk to : the lie down Julia . ~*~ : . ° . y arlene ' we be kinda hope - you be .. _ shanna yeah , how be you not hold ? jungle julia : Jesus Christ , Shanna , it 's not my fuck job to supply weed to ya will when we go out . : it a little ' shanna - . whoa whoa whoa , little lady , you be get angry ’kinda quick , don ' tcha think ? ) I be just teasing 's you . jungle julia _I be not angry , it would just . be vnice if ya will do not just count on I all the fuckin’ . time , anid | as surprised '' I every once ' and awhile ... with pot . : shanna okay , ' mean ' girl in a high school movie , be you through be angry ? 2 ° jungle '' julia '' * I be not angry . '' ~~ shanna . . yes , you be , 's you have be in the car all of two second , and you nre ' already cursing at I . jungle julia I be not cursing at you . shanna . ce you say , '' jesuschrist - shanha '' . and before the sentence be over , . you throw a '' fuckin '' in there to . emphasize you irritatedness . Julia smile , she 's not really mad anymore . arlene take too seriously , 9 > . arlene _ c'mon , guy , do not , fight , I '11 pay for , it when we’ get 's some . jungle julia ~ one , it 's not about the money , it 's about the pain in the ass of scoring , ' and ' two , 's we be not . really fight .' eee not aflene , you have forget what hang out with jungle Julia 's like . '' that be not 'a fight . that be Julia act like a grumpy bitch and I call she on it and indulge she at the same time . '' oh , yé shanna it 's how we tolerate each other after all this . year . jungle julia : ahi , like _you be never : a bitch . " shanna : '' oh ; yeah , . like you be never . mot . they both bust join along . . o£ course . ° out : laugh . ' ariene . guess it 's okay , and / shanna so what 's the plan , , man ? , -. ; . - jungle julia margarita .. and mexican food at guero 's - do you call rafael , tell . he we be comin’ ? - shanna | jungle julia '' you be so good , shanna " I - know . okay , be Christian ' Julia smile . simonson go to be there ? jungle julia -o you bet you ass he be . he 's gonna be there with jessie leadbetter . Shanna to arlene . shanna : Christian simonson the filmaker be in town . and he 's get a big thing for Julia . '' | jungle '' julia . . if he have a big thing for . I ; he nd. fuckin’ call I as oppose to disappear for.six month . and he no get he . ass down here more often then he . do . and.on my - birthday he would . give I ; a fuck phone call . 's but. other then . ' that , he 's putty . in my hand . - . . '' > shanna wd : . «: ¥eah , but. you get 's that leg of oe yours around he , it 's 's all over . ( to arlene ) Chris have get ' - a thing for long amazonian leg , * and . so whenever we hang out , eventually Julia will get she leg around Chris , or across - he , and - when she do ; Chris be not - go nowhere . and neither be she . jungle : julia yeah , well when I be redecorate - he house in the hill that I '' ' also» live in , e11 let '' you know it work . so , margarita ' and mexican food ' at . guero as. touch . - base. with Chris and jessie , tell they about later , and ' make damn | . sure they come . the other guy 'll be wait for we to join they at huck 's , ( to arlene ) oh : shit , - speak of which , what ‘> happen with you and nate last | '' ) : 2 might ? . arlene start to recount last 's night hook up with she tough girl way of talk . ° '' arlene well , not much , 's you know , '' we just fuckin’ meet each other , tmean , if you do not bust they ball a little bit , they never . gonna respect ya '. jungle julia . okay , we be pretty clear on what you . do not : do ... how : ' bout 's -* enlighten we on what you 'did do ? arlene awww , nothin’ to : write ' home about , we just make out ’on the : couch for about twenty minute . : shanna == dress , half - dress ; or naked ? arlene : dress ... I say we make ' out , we do not do , '' the thing '' . jungle julia : a Excuse I , for livin 's ; . but : what 's " the thing '' ? . . arlene : '' ia you. know , : everything . bute . they call :. that , '' the thing " ? '' arlene I call . it '' the : thing '' . eae shanna . : do.guy like '' the thing 's ? well , they like it better ' than . no - thing . : : ' the girl laugh . jungle . julia - . okay , I wanna get back to . what it be you do do ? so. '' you be take out with nate on the couch , right ? | | i arlene . . correct . jungle . julia . whose couch , he or the one in you hotel room ? : [ '° what be I , stupid over here , mine . be . you make out sit 's up , or die down ? will arlene / start sit up , work we way to . lie . down , ° jungle julia hummm , the plot : get thicker , who be on top ? ) . '' arlene iI be ..straddlin 's shim . 5 j shanna ( to jungle Julia ) oh you know nate have to love that . what else ? " arlene of get well , not much , that be it . - so we make out a little while on the couch and I say , '' okay , - i4msgonna go the " bed , so it 's time for . you to leave '' . and then he whine ; '' awww , right now '' ? and I say , '' yep , right ; now , let 's go '' . then he say ;.> as ler & '' wait a minute , how ' bout this '' ? and TI say , '' no '' '' , , and he say ; '' what would you mean no ? you do not '' even know what I be ’gonna say '' . and I say , " I already . know what you nre gonna say ... oe ( beat ) ++- and the answer 's , no '' . and he say ; '' how can you say , you know what I be gonna say '' ? ~ and. i.say , '' because you be gonna say , let 's just go to bed together — we do not gotta do nothin’ - just - cuddle _ sleep next to 's each other ~ wake up in the morning ' together .— ( beat ) neat no. . ( beat ) you be gonna 's leave , ( beat ) but , I will see you tomorrow '' . shanna : so'what about tonight ? e vo arlene = ase well ; we will see . '' ' look , .:- I like / nate . he 's cute , he 's a. nice guy , he 's 's a pretty good kisser ... but , 22 . it ' be not a do deal . '' jungle julia oy yeah , fuck nate . I mean , yeah , he ’scute an’ all , but jessie leadbetter 's gonna be all over she . jessie leadbetter , the Austin director who do '' pothead " ? . i / on jungle julia J } of he 's a good friend . , : . arlene want . | : remember freshman year , get i stone and go to '' the dobie '' to see '' pothead '' ? ° h nye 's jungle julia . | just think , play you . gard right , . ' you will nbe suck he dick within hour . " oo the girl laugh and make gross noise . . ' hey , jessie 's get a big dick . ote '' S " arlene : you go down on he ? jungle julia , 5 half the girl in Austin have suck jessie 's dick . _ shanna ' : J a : . yeah , but do not get you hope up . ~ fe : too high . Christian and jessie might not even show up , they be big flake . . . jungle . julia , | I will kick he ass he do not show . up . . | shanna __ but remember , we be not hook up tonight . we be gonna hang : out at huck 's with ‘em , . you can make out with ‘em , but no hookin’ up , cause we be drive to laké l.b.j. : tonight , and my daddy 's , pretty . clear about one thing . he say ; '' Im let you and you . girlfriend stay . at my lake house . . '' not you and a buncha horny boy : : tryin 's to get they fuck on . with my daughter '' . 7 : . arlene . een you dad talk like that ? i Julia and Shanna say together ; : ~ 10 . ! | ! . oo ' sulta / shanna . - : oe Hell , yeah ! sno not shanna , it 's not , like : he , be not ; gonna : know '' either . '' because when . I be stayin 's at the lake house with my . girlfriend , in we bikinis , daddy have a tendency to just pop up , : - and make sure we do not need anythi bay ett they all laugh . os ... shanna . - I not '' look he 's totally harmless . and cute as . a bug ear , . but. when he !s- get a bunch ‘of half naked poontang : walkin 's the floor of he lake house ; he just like to pay a visit and make sure we get everything we need . and if you flirt shamelessly with-him like this one in the backseat , you have get a puppy dog for life . I have my own relationship with Ben , and you be just jealous , '' | . because it do not include you . | arlene _ you call she dad , .. Ben ? ; : jungle julia ... ' I be not a child , and that 's ' he :. name . where 's this bar we be go to later ? ies shanna 5 ' huck 's . - jungle julia ... .. it 's a dive , but a fuck cool dive . '' '' 2 shanna yeah , no more college kid Sixth Street bullshit , huck 's be about drink booze . no cosmos , nothing with a blender , just beer , booze and shot . li . my a , ' jungle julia fe and great music , do not forget about : ~ the music . . : : shanna Co. - yeah ; Warren , 's the guy who own the '' place , have this great classic ' jukebox . he call it Amy . . '' arlene 00 he 's get a classic jukebox that play CD 's ? jungle julia . no ! that 's what 's so cool about . . it , duminy . : it 's fill with . . classic ' decca : and 's redbird 45 's . . '' they have moonshine under the counter . " . '' '' shanna | . yeah , * : : »?\ ( and 'with a thick : southern aécent ) | and that shine will blind ya ' boy . | you order ' coffee ' and he put it in i the coffee . - . ~-~ " . jungle julia '' and cabo wabo tequila . arlene 's try to forget Julia just call she a dummy two second ago . she could 's be the hurt girl , or the cool dude '' chick and have decide in 'her last two day in Texas to be the dude chick . '' ' . arlene what 's cabo wabo ? jungle julia . sammy hagar 's own personal brand of tequila . . when be the boy show up ? jungle julia x we be gonna meet they at huck 's . _ arlene maybe they can bring some pot . cia '' jungle julia fuck that guy . 's I do not want to be either , a , depend on they fuck ass , or B , dependent on they ass . if we ' do not score ourselves , wé be go to be stick . with they all fuck night . ~ of shanna try lanna - Frank . . : jungle julia . best idea you have have all day . Julia take out she cell phone , push one button . jungle julia lanna - Frank ? oo ( pause ) . | : . '' Julia . : - ; | . ( pause ) | hey girl . ( pause ) be Steve with you ? " ( pause ) yes ! ( to ' the othér girl ) Steve 's with she . ( back to lanna - Frank ) look , Shanna and i’- and we friend from out of town , arlene , be goin to guero 's now and then huck 's : later . maybe you 's could meet ‘us at either one of that place , and if steve around , bring he along . Steve be obviously this girl idea of a secret . code : for pot. on he jungle julia / ( pause ) . > ' oe so ... you be think , 's midnightish ? ( pause ) oad a now do not flake out , '' bitch , we be fae count on you . . ( pause ) bye. oe . ( she hang up ' and look to the -other 5 . o. girlsy ~ '' ! Mission accomplish . 13 . _o shanna hey we be pass by you . billboard . jungle julia oh c'mon , give I .a break ... shanna — C ’mon , we say - every time . jungle julia okay . ' Julia rise to sit position . . ext TEXAS road - dusk a billboard of jungle Julia lucai , . the discjockey of the local classic rock station , austin hot wax.505 . the billboard show Julia dress as a leopard spot Julia of the jungle , tarzan type surround by stack of record . . '' different style of jungle Julia billboard be all over * town . as the girl pass by it they scream . ++.ethey pass by down the road ... ++- empty road , just billboard ... +.ethen a menace look muscle car with a powerful thumping engine ... pass by . 2 . int - muscle car ( moving ) - dusk _ out. of the windshield of the powerful scary muscle car . trail the girl from way far back . the unseen . driver eye , hide behind dark glass , glance up at jungle Julia 's billboard as it pass 's it . a bluesy early seventies rock tune play eut he thumping speaker . : all we can see of the driver be , he wear . a Silver satin jacket with a embroider '' icy hot '' patch on the back , wear he hair in a greasy halfass pompadour , and he smoke chesterfield like a chimney , indicate by the overflow ashtray . 14 . as the music : play 's we see various . insert : of ' the dash of this mechanical monster . include . one. of the .car key : in 's the ignition with a sparkplug keychain . his hood ornament be a muscle bound duck flex . int - through windshield ( moving ) - dusk the girl . have stop in front of the . mexican restaurant guero 's , and be pile out of the car . his heavy boot ease off the gas pedal . we see the arrow on the speedometer 's fall to . a crawl . over the driver be shoulder look : out the passenger side _ window , we see the girl bullshit as they walk from car to front door ... o : driver 's Pov : slow motion shot of all the girl and each one individually . : we the girl Christian 's name and first initial . of they last name appear beside each girl during they slow motion - single . jungle julia L. shanna s. we see rubber band to the sun visor a Polaroid of jungle Julia , Shanna , and arlene , wear different ' clothes . this stalking be not random . he do not . just find - they today . this be one part of a longer process . cu the driver ; fe nos br just as the music reach a crescendo , we. cut to a tight : sergio leone cu of the Driver , smile ... then ... : ++- the badass ' vehicle speed off , make a thunderous racket . ext ~ guero 's = dusk Julia and Shanna oblivious , walk into the restaurant . but something make arlene stop , and give the muscle car a investigative gaze , as it haul ass down the road . . | i i i '' 1s . like " the final girl '' in a slasher film , she . 1 '' something 's : not right . shrug , it off , she friend . ook ' say ; but that 's just silly '' . . she» . - and enter the restaurant to catch up - with 's : int ~- guero 's - night the three lady sit at a big booth , post dinner , the dirty dish have be take away , but the table still show the '' mess the girl make . wee Shanna pour out the last of the margarita from they last pitcher . . se tee the bill come , already 's pay by jungle Julia . Julia . youand Shanna have be pay for everything . jungle julia : : hey , my town my rule . - but when I come to New York to visit you , I do not pay for shit . . arlene deal . I mean , in that case we will not be do a bunch of shit , but the shit we do , deal . while they go back and forth about the check . Shanna 's phone ring , she 's answer it , talk and hang up . " shanna ses that 's peté and nate . and they , they be - at huck 's . eo jungle Julia whip out she cell phone , and dial Christian simonson ’s.number . his voice mail pick up , and an.» outgo message , that Chris make while sit at the hemingway bar in the st . regis hotel in Paris . in fact , you can hear Colin the bartender , explain a drink . in the background : ' : ~ CHRIS ( vo ) this be Chris , ... leave a message . Julia leave she message . ko 16 . : .< ( into. ; phone ) < poy okay , you do not make guero 's , ; but that 's okay , . i.expected that . but we be leave for huck 's . right now . it 's would be a wonderful : surprise if you beat we there . but in any case u o. I will see.you . in the next : few - hour . do not disappoint I . she put away she cell phone .. : Shanna pick up she drink , . and :: propose a toast they last _ margarita before moving.on to -thuck ts " 6 : with they glass raise , '' Julia look across to arlene . arlene smile sweetly and ‘obliviously . moa Julia get a devilish smile . . / she look over ‘to Shanna , who look over to Julia , and ' do she famous Shanna giggle , as Julia spread she devilish ~ smile . - fb ea , it 's obvious they be - both in on something that arlene be in the dark about . 's arlene see ' this too , and put she glass down . okay , what 's up ? ' you. two be act really fishy . : as Shanna uncontrollably giggle , she manage to say ; shanna neh what make you think that ? . well , you be giggle . so much , you be gonna piss you pants . as she giggle ; I already do piss my pants . aa little . the other girl laugh . . | ) and you look like . ae the devil . e '' + jungle julea t! m : not : the devil , be '' : pinply devilish . arlene continue with : wher tock concern . arlene orate what 's go on ? 's .-» jungle '' julia 's if you listienéd ' to : my show this morning , you have know . arlene I know , honey , I be sorry , I sleep in this morning ~ we be stayin ' out . so fuckin’ late every night , but be m sorry I miss it . jungle julia get a sense of humor , lady , I be just kid . of course we be stay out . late , and - of course . you be gonna sleep in . you be a sweetheart to get up and . listen to it , for the last few day . but I predict you would start get sick of it today , and sleep in . so that 's why I say a little somethin- something about you on the air today . arlene what do you say ? 's jungle julia I do not use you real name , I use a code name .» this stop arlene 's momentum just a little . arlene what 's my . code-name ? jungle julia Butterfly . I tell they that you be in from out of town . and that we be go out somewhere in Austin tonight . 17 . nid ? i | 18 . jungle julia - and if they be out on the town , maybe they no see we , and I describe you . and tell they you name be Butterfly . and I say if they spot you while we be out , if they would 's do something , you would do . something . arlene oh my god , what . the fuck do you say ? : / '' jungle julia " ) chill out , babarino , have another sip of margarita . se I do not want another drink , I want to know , .- you know that 's probably not a bad idea . she take a sip of she very good margarita . . arlene okay , now , ' Julia , I be serious . what do you say , and what do you say I would do ? jungle julia anywho , I could explain what I say , which would be boring , or we can act it out . which I think will give you a better idea about what you be in store for tonight . . arlene . just tell I . jungle Julia grab she friend 's hand and say ; _jungle julia I be a raconteur , it 's what I do for a live . honey , ya’ gotta let I do my thing . arlene okay , I know , I know , I be sorry . ir love the way you tell storey . tell I you way . jungle julia so we will act it out ? 's oe " arlene ) , 5 sure . 's : : ae jungle julia " , , okay , gimme 's . you drink . | pore arlene slide she margarita over to Julia , who now have two . jungle julia so. you be in a club or a bar , and I be . kinda cute , or kinda hot , or kinda sexy , or better be . fuckin ' ~ hysterically funny , but not funny look , guy , who you could fuck . arlene salute . ~ " arlene . | get it . jungle Julia get all cool guy approach a.girl . jungle julia : ( dude voice ) : hey . ) arlene bust out laugh . jungle julia ( own voice ) — C ’mon , grow up , stay in the moment . this be not improv , you do not get point for break the scene . arlene okay , sorry . ( she get very sexy ) hi there . jungle julia Excuse I , but you name would not be Butterfly , would it ? pp. arlene | ( all flirty ) yes itis , and it seem you have I at a disadvantage . jungle Julia extend she hand like a he . jungle julia Barry . ée 20 . arlene fold she hand fenpninely into Julia 's big hand . please to meet you , ' Barry . shanna _.. y'all be get I hot . '' they both turn to Shanna and ' say ; ssshhhh ! the two girl turn back to each . other and pick it up : again . : jungle julia , ~ be Butterfly 's : you , real '' name ? she shake she head semalty : wie " '' '' how ! do . you know my name , Barry ? 7 jungle julia I listenca to jungle Julia 's show this morning . " arlene . oh you do , do you ? jungle julia oh. yeah , " I listen to she show every morning . arlene oh you do , do you ? jungle sulia . yeah , she 's 's the coolest lady in town . whoo arlene lean in , and aye confidentially ; arlene ~ do not you think '' ' she’ 's get a bic ass ? ~- jungle julia no , I like she ass that way . ' she 's get a black girl ass . . arlene : you know that 's what . she always say , but in actual fact , she do not really have a-black girl ass , ' she 's just get a big ass . use both of she hand spread wide for emphasis . Julia break character — : _ jungle julia okay , what the fuck be you do ? . '' arlene : oh , look , who want to get to the point all of a sudden , . . . jungle julia okay , I will get.to the point . but just for you information , skinny - bitch , Black . man and a few white man have have plenty fun ador my ass . I do not wear they tooth mark in my butt for nothing . —° . Shanna laugh and raise up she hand . os shanna : you gotta give I some on that one . shanna. and Julia high five . . arlene if you nre not go to buy I a drink , can I havé mine back ? jungle julia okay okay okay . . ( in character ) so Butterfly , can I buy you a drink ? arlene - _. ( in character ) that would be nice , Barry . jungle . julia what can I get you ?. arlene I ' would love a margarita . she slide it over , | 22 . - jungle . julia . here ya’ go . ast , arlene do too , then 1 the eye , ,. with glass raise ; jungle Julia raise she glass to 's Julia say look arlene dead in ... jungle julia ( break . character . so after they buy you a.drink , when ' they raise they glass.to toast , they ' look you dead in the eye , and repéat this poem ; bs atne '' the. wood are lovely _ , dark and deep '' . sleep '' . 9 é u dy ;. mile to go before you sleep ... and then .... if he say that ... - you gotta.give he 'a lap dance , boe ere '' arlene what ! ~ jungle julta if they call you Butterfly , buy you a drink , and say that poem , you gotta give ‘em a lap dance . _ .. arlene : co that 's bullshit . I be not givin’ they nothin’ . look , . you can do it or not .... but° if ~ you do not do it , everybody . in Austin 's gonna think you be a chicken shit , and I do not think you want everybody in Austin thinkin’ you be a chicken shit . _ 2 be not givin’ nobody no lap . dance '' cause of what you say . : ay jungle julia . you sounded ' just like - a audience member on '' tyra '' then . arlene I be about ready to lose my motherfuckin’ mind up . in here like a audience member . on '' tyra '' . 23 . jungle julia it 's gonna befunny . ard yeah , everything 's funny . to you '' ' when it 's happen to nie . jungle julia be that as it may , - look you do not havé ' to do : it with anybody you ' do not want . '' I say 's you will '' do it - for the first guy who say it . so some geek come ovér ' and tryé to be cool just tell ‘em you already do it at another place earlier . no “harm , no foul ; but ya '. get a '' free d¥ink out of it but maybe a little 's later in the evening - you have have 4 few n you be kinda loosey ' goosey . you be safe with you girl ... then some kinda cute , kinda hot , kinda sexy , hysterically funny , but not funny look , guy come up and say it . then ... maybe you do it earlier ... ... maybe you do not . they stand up to leave . arlene I be gonna have fuckin’ guy buggin 's ine " ' all night . not jungle julia ai not nobody gonna be buggin 's ya 's , that 's ' why you get , mama here to shoo they fly away . a ext - guero 's = night ~ we see Pov from the Driver in the muscle car , the three girl walk out of guero 's . the same bluesy rock number that be play as the girl go . in be still play as they walk out . '' : . meee one of the girl trip a little bit .on the step go down . indicating they have polished off a , few margaritas . we hear the Driver laugh off screen . ne ! ' fade to black : . ext '' '' huck' bar = night 24 . over black as the song continue ... the text appear : '' two hour later '' ° at '' huck 's '' we fade up a different billboard of ' jungle Julia , ' this ' dress ' up | as a roller derby queen , hold a record player , and _ place the-needle on a spin l.p . '' austin hot wax 505 '' . - then we see '' huck 's '' ; it sure as hell 's a dive , but in the word of Julia , '' a fuck cool dive '' .. maybe the audience notice the girl white Honda and the Driver 's muscle car in the parking lot , maybe they do not . '' . int huck be — night . the song from before continue on huck 's extremely cool vintage jukebox . jungle Julia , pint of beer in one hand and 's light cigarette in the other , do a very sexy dance to the bluesey rock classic . . for the audience in huck 's as well as the movie theatre she 's put on 'a one -ho-show . we : three fox ' posse , ‘has collectéd '' some ' stray sniff dog . the aforementioned nate and omar and pete . Omar 's talk up Shanna at they beer spill , peanut shell strewn table . Pete 's drink shiner bock beer from a pitcher , admire Julia 's dance . arlene and nate be dance together ( he 's hold she . from behind and they pelvise be move together ) . which show arlene 's not a goody two shoe , she 's out - to party , she 's just not clear about the new dynamic with she old college pal . needless to say , everybody 's drunk . the song end , and Warren , the owner operator of huck 's , yell to Julia ; I . 25 . ey warren : a ) the now , Julia , if you wanna carry on ' meo like the main attraction at a.. i cathouse with four floor of . '' stel es oey whore , carry on . but , if I gotta tell you one more , goddamn time , to put out that fuck cigarette , I be gonna treat you . just like any other belligerent drunk , and climb across this bar and hit ya upside the head with a horse cock . every one in the place laugh . ' Julia roll she eye . to heaven , blow out a dramatic . stream of smoke ( ala Joan Crawford ) , and bitchy grind out she : cigarette in the table top ( ala bette Davis ) eo jungle julia * : happy ? : as a clam . you may continue you one - ho-show . ~ : : . nobody 's mad at anybody , they nre just give each other a shit . . ' Julia sit down next to Pete . shanna when 's lanna - Frank get here ? jungle julia 0 > | that 's a good . fuck question , she take out she cell phone , and push a.button : call . . lanna - frank. ..00 0 se pha , cee cee 4 La _.. jungle julia ; ; ( pause ) where be you ? , eae ( paige ) | . js . well come over already , we be wait for you . ( pausey no , . we be not come over there . you come over here like you . say you would . . ( pause ) Chris simonson be come . ed ey ) ( pause ) y jessie leadbetter too . se 26 . jungle julia ( pause ) well not yet , but 's they be on , they way . so you igeton you way , too , ( pause ) okay , hurry . ; ap es she hang , .up the phone , .. and hit ' text ' message . ae she quickly text ; _ ae '' I can not wait to see you . hurry !!iiii " go to the name Chris simonson , and hit send . '' you message have ' be 's send '' * ' a '' appear on she screen . Shanna school omar as : she dtink a huniongous ' Long Island Ice tea . - shanna * " now there 's . one thing , that every girl in the whole world whose name ds Shanna , have '' in ' common with each other . we all hate the name shauna . '' and we really hate it when people call we ' shauna : . se omar ee . so that be a bad 's move on my part ? bose shanna ’) oh yeah ..: you fuckability stock be plummete . just remember , it 's : Shanna banana , not shauna banuna . Julia 's phone ring with a ' text méssage . she hit the menu , and it say a message from ; Chris simonson . she open up the electronic mail . it read ; '' I too " ; she smile and text back ; '' xoxo j.0 . '' she hit send . Pete arrive with shot of cabo . wabo tequila . | 27 . . pete fe , okay , everybody , - time for shot . everybody groan , but they do they . we see cu 's of all three girl knock back the ' tequila , and make face , and have a alcohol tremor . arlene stand up , and take out a pack of cigarettes call ; '' capitol with — light '' * arlene I be go . out to havé a smoke . arlene walk outside by herself to the : front porch of '' huck 's . oe . ext huck' front porch ~ ( raining ) night : - upon hit the night air , arlene immediately see it 's fuckin’ pissin’ cat and dog . whoa , when the fuck do this start ? female voice ( 0s ) about ten minute ago . arlene turn towards the voice , she see a pretty girl , late twenty , ( same age . as the other girl ) sit on a porch swing , smoking a cigarette . even though they will not get around to ' introduce themselves to each other for awhile , this angelic look , : blonde haire sassy little hippy chick , be name . pam . : fos pam be you window : roll up ? arlene yeah . : pam lucky you . how 's it go ? . pam it could be better . arlene havin " a bad night ? neco '' 28. ! . pam fa ' well I be on a date , the highpoint of which , be I vight . now , smoking this cigarette . : arlene } es : . . so talk to I be the best part . : . of you date ? a : Mo pam ane well you be behind the cigarette in popularity , but you be definitely way above my date . oe Pam be venting and do not like how that make she sound . pam awww , he 's okay , ~ he could be okay . : arlene stuck with a geek . . pam a % . no . - I mean yes , but I do not care é : about that . I be . a big girl , I say yes , ... but he 's just so . fuck shy , it 's start to creep '' I out . arlene ... oh , you be stick with a dateless wonder , — | pam I like the sound of that . what 's | '' that ? : arlene . a dateless wonder 's be a guy who think about girl alot but do not have much social skill . so he do not go out.alot . but he 's not like *his geeky friend , or he fat friend , or he confuse sexuality friend , he go out ... every once in a while . every oncé in a while . he get the ball to ask a girl out . now dateless wonder usually make it a point to ask girl out of they leagué . since they do not expect to get the date . anyway , why not aim high . | i i | 1 arlene : and every once in a while , they get they shit together long enough to be charming enough , to get . a: pretty ' girl to 's say yes . and you be . that ' pretty girl . : a : . Pam put out she cigarette ; . pam : % okay okay ... it 's help the handicap week , I guess . thanks to you , I be ready to.go back in there and give he another chance to get he shit together . ~-. : . . arlene .... , - ' can you point he out to I ? : ; pam a he 's cute , actually . I mean you know , in that way . but no , he 's genuinely cute . they open the door to peer in , but when Pam look towards she table , new people be sit at it , and she date be nowhere to be see . . pam ; wait a minute , where the fuck be he ? . : . arlene be not he at you table ? : pam . yeah , that 's what . I be talk about , that 's where he be . suppose to be . _ arlene can which one be . you table ? . oram es the one with the new people sit down be we table ... ' she look around in time to see she date '' be leave the restaurant parking lot . bam er . hey 's that 's my date car ... that 's my date ... '' " ( she shout to he ) Scott ! 29 . 30 . she start walk towards the car , 's but . stop because of the rain . ° : pam ... scotth the car take off ... ad es - + ++ leave she strand at the bar . pam oe ( to herself ) _ pace i- do not fuck believe this , a ( then yell in : ; frustration ) | ~ '' ' I 'do not fuck beliéve this ! she yank out she cell phone and angrily dial Scott . we lose arlene at ' this point , and stay with Pam . ' the other end of ' the cell phone pick up . % scort ( 0s ) a hello . pam . have fun ? where the fuck you think you be go , Scott ? '' scott ( os ) ~ look , I do not think it be : go well ... . pam that happen ' little boy , and . you deal with it like a man , you do not abandon I like a. sniveling little fuck worm . : scott ( 0s ) I do not think you have have a . problem 's — . : oe eee pam - shut the fuck up and listen . you '' never abandon a woman like : that . in 'a fuck bar no less , in the fuck rain ! you take a woman . out , safetywise I be suppose to be in you care . | | she hang up . 31 . pam or be you such a pathetic little fuck soft cock that , you do not _. know that be part of the date contract ? scort : ( os ) : do you want I to turn around , I can still take you home . % '' . pam . tue fear ees - yeah , I want you to come back here , so I can kick you fuck ass in front of everybody at . this bar , that 's what iwant , . I mean it , ' Scott , if I 's > i gonna kick you fuck ass so . bad , and you know - I can do it too , and I do not care who you be with . scorr ( 08 ) : Pam , I be sorry , I fuck up . I know . - . spam oh just write you phone number on a gay bar bathroom wall , and fuck . off . : she storm back inside ' the ' bar . she go up to the bartender , pam : can you fuck believe that shit ? warren | what ? pam gowhter squiddly fuckin’ bail on I . you mean you be not through . with you date ? pam .. : no . '' I be outside have .a. smoke while he 's pay the . check and sneaking out the fuck back . at least I hope he pay the check . do he pay the check ? 32 . wait he do not pay I . she can not believe it , she cell phone ring . she lift it to she - ear ; pam be hello , ' Scott . scort ( os ) Pam , I feel really really bad about . what I do . please please please - let I come back and give you a ride . home . t pam well I be sorry you feel '' really a really bad '' . but let I ask you ..a question , when you be . cowardly . sneaking ' out the’ back door , do you stop long enough to pay the check at least ? | the : there 's silence ... then ... ' ' scorr ( os ) .©+- oh shit ... I be so sorry , Pam — she hang up the phone . pam - pr Warren , it look like t_ owe you money . a . warren no kid , how much ? pam : . _ not much . we just have a.coupla 2 beer 's and some nacho . not . warren . want.me to close you out ? pam no , I will stay . i’1l have . another drink , or two . warren well in that case , how ' bout you next drink and the nacho on we . . > pam | that 's why I like this : place . '' + / warren . membership have it 's privilege . : what can I get ya 's ? back to arlene on the porch arlene 's b cigarette ... her eye land :.on 's ' the the parking : lot . her face show y herself on the porch swing smoking she she recognize the car , that seem suspicious before . something about this car make the uneasy . - a hand come up she jump . it 's nate , he laugh at she reaction . nate , palm out , plead he case . arlene . . it 's not funny , . you shitty . asshole , you scared the ' fuck outta I ! what , you think scare girl be cute ? 7 nate . $ ' I be sorry , arlene , I swear i.was not try to scare you , I just get lucky . fue arlene oh hardy - fuckin’ - har . she toss she cigarette out in the rain . arlene let 's go inside . muscle car from earlier , sit in - 33. behind she touch she shoulder and make what ? T be thinkin " we coul no , sin my car . oe nate smile . 34 . _ nate be wait a minute . . arlene __ what on the porch swing , not even in the bar , but in front of the entrance ? forget it . - nate 's ‘( refer ‘to the . rain ) . what , . out there ? it 's wet as shit out there . a nate not in my car ) ; '' its not . he take out a umbrella that open on cue . : nate pee you will no to get wet , I promise you . she give hima look . arlene . : you know most guy would not brag about . that . . . I méan , you will not get rain on . she still give he a look . c'mon ; I know you ' guy eat gdin’ to Lake l.b.j. and we can not come . . ( whining ) * ~ : TI wanna ' tiake out ; arlene : okay , just stop with the whine , it 's not attractive . - she contemplate for a moment ... nate wait for he fate to be decide ... okay , but I do not want it super ~ obvious to everybody in the bar we have . be go . -. so we go : in you ‘ear , dnd make out for six minute , and that 's it .. deal ? nate great . ' arlene no no no no no no , déal : or. no deal . ' if you be gonna whine when I pull the plug at six minute , we can just walk back ide the fuck bar right ' now . nate deal . no whining . arlene ... - and no begging . '' wate no begging , when you say do , it 's _done . : 5 5 arlene I be gonna remember you say that . okay , let 's go .. : as she get under he umbrella , and they . walk in the rain , she say ; . arlene you get two job ; to kiss good and make sure my hair do not get : wet . back in huck be Pete and Omar stand up to . get more drink . : pete . | : . I be get more . drink ... what can I get ya ' ? omar shanna-banana ? 36 . shanna 's . another. big ass " Long Island Ice tea . Pete point . cool - like at Julia ; : : pete . bombay shapphire 's and tonic , no-ice . Julia nod she head approvingly . y »- jungle * julia good boy . as a new 45 fall on . the vintage ' turntable ... '' andthe '' needle lower ... : . : we go behind a customer sit at . the bar . '' use both hand , he 's eat the huck 's huckin’ : nacho Grande platter . which :.come with double everything , ' sour cream , mélt ~ cheese , queso sauce ; ' enchilada sauce ; and chili ' sauce ... while the customer be not wolfishly . devour - it , yet , S Z , use both of he bare hand , he 's eat it in a way that . express he hearty appetite . . and apparently this nacho be finger lick good , due to the Silver satin icy hot jacket we can tell the customer and the Driver be the same . but we can tell more now about he . he appear middle fifty , but . actually might be older . his body isin good , if well - wear ; shape . he wear a'beat up pompadour in place of - a beat up cowboy hat , . which he keep : afloat with a healthy mixture of aqua 's . Net and tres Flores '' ~ pomade . his body language carry that certain breed of redneck . elegance , that only rodeo rider and 's professional stuntmen have . he listen to the music on the jukebox as he eat he nacho , and drink he glass 's of clear tiquiay we have yet to see he full on , but one more thing we can tell ... * '' St + + ehe have a big scar run down he 's ' face . '® Pete and Omar show up : at 's the bar next*to the custonier / Driver . . omar two soldier of shiner . one bigass Long Island ice tea . 37 . pete : and one bombay . , sapphire : and : tonic . warren sure you do not want another pitcher of shiner ? pete ... . nope , we want the soldier . warren Three soldier , comin’ up . int . nate 's car ( parked ) + raining -— night : : arlene and nate make out , as the car radio play , and the rain splashes against the window . .. '' ° as they kiss , in the backseat , . arlene raise she ass ‘off - the seat a little bit to slide she short off she crotéh '' ~ and down ' to she knee . she take he hand , as they kiss , and put it bétween she — legs. oo . a '' they kiss longer ... tee e ce eceeee se till ... ++- she break the kiss and the mood by say ; arlene : goddmanit . do. I actually hafta say the word ; " finger fuck I ? '' nate . oh , , ..i ' be . sorry .--.. she irradiatedly wave . he away . _> arlene forget it . she slide she pants back up . : . ° nate 's window of opportunity have slam shut . CUT back to int . huck be - night | the customer / Driver eat he nacho near . the two young man without eitherlook or evén glancing , in they direction : ' Omar in pussy pointer mode . eo hoact ute the look , 's ' you : can not look like you be '' 20 . .) have try to get she out of here before Christian simonson show up . but you gotta get she outta here before Christian simonson . show up . be pete ~ yeah , but they be . go to Shanna 's daddy house on Lake l.b.j.. and it 's no guy , ' absolutely no guy . : : omar the : so after we bring the girl the drink , in fairly rapid order , but not obvious , we order two more round of shot . : pete she be not gonna fall for that . : omar : we will be very convincing . and now 's the time to turn up the volume . no more fuckin’ around . we go to jager shot . . pete . oh man , they be not . gonna drink that shit . a omar dude , as long as a guy 's buyin ' the : ' booze ; a bitch 's 11 drink anything . | look , we can at least get one jager shot down this bitch throat . after that shot , we will see : if they have another jager . shot in ‘em . '' you never know . that could be the shot that put they past the point of fuck - it . but I ’know , I can , at least , get Shanna to do a buttery nipple shot . what as. Julia 's sweet . shot ? | : pete Key lime pie . omar ba es c*mon , * you can get she to - do . one ba more for dessert . arlene and 's nate walk back in the bar . eh the customer / Driver look over ‘his shoulder , 's at Pete and Omar hand the Long : Island ice tea and thergin and tonic’ to the lady . «= : ne sted for es pete * soa tacel '' oh '‘gréat , tin just ' get more drink , what ' can 1 get ya 's ? ces oo pi '' another shiner , wd arlene notice Pam att he bar , drink a drink out of a glass cowboy boot . , . : ae ) what 's that ? pam it 's a cadillac margarita on the rock make with cabo wabo tequila . have a sip . sale arlene take it , arlene uuuumm , that 's good . ~ ( to Pete ) ' I will have ' this . ( to Pam ) would you like to join we party ? Pam take a look over at they table , see jungle Julia , and say ; oe : ay . no that 's okay , tq. just ' edt. at the bar and play the barfly vixen . arlene and nate sit ' back down at they table , : jungle julia o. and where do you two disappear to ? Julia meow . oms . the bar ? arlene ° i. have to get something out '' be the car , and nate be gentlemanly enough to escort I with he . umbrella . . : . '' jungle julia good . for you , nate : arlene ' '' see that pretty girl by herself at jungle julia who , . the dirty ' hippy ? arlene ( laugh yee - meow . shé 's '' not a hippy . jungle julia she might as well be a aippy . arlene do you - know what : just happen to she ? jungle julia ; no , but I know she 's a skinny fake blonde bitch . everybody at the table laugh . jungle julia ‘oh , I '' sorry , you be tell a story . what ' about '' she ? '' < . the old pop and crackly 45 continue it 's revolution on ' the vintage jukebox . the bass heavy speaker at the bottom , bo : refer to the record on the jukebox , the bartender Warren , yell out ; 7 ' warren : . : stax record , best goddamn label ever . ( he yell to the '' girl table ) Julia , you play this ? 40 . jungle '' julia you know I do , Warren . i. know how to . take care of my man ... Julia hold up she gin and tonic , and ' say ; jungle : julia here 's to Warren 's jukebox . everybody at the table raise . they glass . cee oui ls i ; you know what , we should do a shot of j&éger in honor of Warren 's jukebox . ' Julia and the girl aré respond negatively to Omar 's idea . jungle , julia uh-huh , i. be not drinkin’ no goddamn jager shot . why ' not ? jungle julia because I do not wanna fuck . any of y‘all , that 's why . the girl laugh . a she put she hand on Pete 's shoulder . - jungle julia not tonight anyway . arlene glass cowboy boot in - hand , turn and .catches 's eye with Pam glass cowboy boot in hand . '' they smile and silently cheer each other . across the xoom . Pam turn away , to Warren the bartender . ° pam , : so Warren , be there anyone here at the bar you would vouch for to give I a. ride home ? the key to the muscle car with the sparkplug attach be toss onto the bar in front of she with a loud thud . she look up and see the Driver seat one seat away < 41 . , 42 . we see he clearly now , no. more obscure . bullshit . he have a big scar on he face from what . look . like . a- previous but the scar do not make he look grotesque . it make he look kinda cool . | driver Fair lady , you . chariot await . : pam you nve be eavesdropp -on..me ? driver well there 's eavesdropp and can not . help but hear . .. F think I c I later . category . pam you offer I a ride - home , icy hot ? . : tey hot ... I '' offer you a 1ift , . if when I '' ready to leave , you .. be too . pam : when be you think about leave ? '' ' icy hot . truthfully , I be not think - about it . '' but when 1 do , you will be the first to know . : ' bam 's will you be able to drive later ? icy hor : : I know look can be deceive , but I be a teetotaler . I have be drink club soda and lime all night . '' I be building up to my big drink . pam what 's that ? icy hor virgin pina colada : pam why would a person who do not drink , spend hour in a bar . drink water ? 43. icy hot / ' you 's know a bar offer all . kind : thing other than alcohol ? : pam oo 2 3es mee hb like what ? icy ' hor woman . icy hot flirt , but not put the bite on Pam , he 's just be flirtatiously intrigue . '' she laugh . tey hot eo nacho Grande platter . the '' fellowship of some fascinating individual , like Warren here . icy hot the : alcohol be just , a lubricant for the individual encounter that a barroom 's offer . pam — be that cowboy wisdom ? icy hot I be not a cowboy , I be a. stuntman . very easy mistake to make , Pam . pam how do you know my name ? icy hot '' when you be talk to Warren , I could not help but ' hear . _ : pam Fair enough . what 's . you name , icey ? I oo : icy hor stuntman Mike . pam stuntman Mike 's , you , name ? . stuntman mike ask anybody . Pam turn to Warren . | | [ | 44 , pam '' ; 7 hey , 's Warren , ' who be this guy ? -. | warren that 's stuntman Mike . pam and who the hell 's ' stuntman Mike ? . warren ws - he 's a stuntman . .. pam oe «) tk-hesgive 's I a '' lift home later , would you vouch for 's he ? ~ & : warren ee at all . I can say ' be he 's never rape I ... and : it 's ' not ' like I have not ' worn provocative clothing in front of he either . we girl table shout for warten ; jungle julia Warren , six shot of Wild Turkey . ( to the guy ) : if we be do shot , we be gonna do junior . bonner ' style grow folk shot . no college kid slurpee shot . and if you want to do a shot .. after this , we do early ' time . get it ? oes '' pete . get bhat coe '' jungle * julia ( with 'a smile ) now go fetch I ty ' Turkey . six shot of Wild Turkey shot ‘are ' potre by Warren on 's the bar . stuntman Mike notice it and Pete and arlene come '' -< to the bar , to pick upthe shot . ee 8 ; arlene come up to Pam . marlene oe we're . all. do Wild Turkey shot , do one with we ? : Pam look over at the table . and see Julia and Shanna . '' | 45 . pam what 's you name , honey ?.- arlene arlene . 4 ' pam hi arlene , I be Pam . : arlene what 's up , Pam .. pam now look , you be very sweet 's , and ' you " be totally cool Ho as Pam tell she this , arlene : notice stuntman Mike , on the barstool next to Pam . she instantly know he 's the Driver '' of . the muscle car from - before andthe ' one ._parked right : - outside . _ he smile at arlene . a chill run through she . : pam : arlené , party of one . arlene realize ' she just space out . : arlene : 's oh , I be sorry , I just space . what do you say ? : pam - I say ; I hate you fuckin’ friend Julia . . so no offence to you , I be just gonna 's sit at the bar . . oh that 's okay , none take . maybe . , 1'11 see you around . - . arlene ' carry 's the shot back to.her table . everybody take they . : after arlene do she Wild Turkey shot , she eye come up on stuntman Mike by the bar . he 's look right at she , watch she do she whiskey ' shot ... : he turn casually and continue talk to Pam . . ° this character make arlene feel more and : more uneasy . na 46 . back to pam '' we 1 stuntman Mike , , since E echave a '' tal here , | can I buy : you that virgin pina colada ? stuntman mike ? «> well ' thank you , .. Pam , ; that would be lovely . : pam : ' Warren , 'a virgin | ina colada for my stuntman friend ; , and I nil have another : cadillac , cabo wabo .. _ margarita .. ; yao cabo , wabo margarita . insert a finger punch 'a button . with ithe : symbol. of a phone '' on it . cell phone screen it say ; " dial oat ~ - Chris simonson '' jungle ' julia . ( into phone ) get you ass -over here . . we be fuckin’ bored . ( pause ) c'mon , I be miss you . you be make I . wait and it 's mean . ( pause ) : well then . prove it . : ( pause ) a dial I when you 's be on you way . back to pam stuntman mike so Pam , what do . you do ? pam that ’s.a , very good question , stuntman Mike . at this moment , unfortunately , not a fuckin’ thing . 47 . they drink arrive , stuntman Mike take a sip of the tall foamy white cocktail . stuntman mike well let I put it this way , , when last it be you ' do 's mething , what ' do you do ? : / pam . the last ' - job I have , I be a. personal assistant . * stuntman mike . : really ? whose personal , assistant ? pam not do you know who jessie leadbetter be ? a will |. , stuntman mike : the Austin director who dia : '' pothead '' ? pam . | . 3 yeah , well i’ work over at he | company roadblock for a little bo 3 . ''' while , then I become he personal | assistant for a couple year , then we start make out , then we have . a little thing , and nthen it be best to leave . stuntman mike os . he could not afford to have you ass around , huh ? - . no it be not that , you just can not get coffee for a guy whose . dick you be suckin’ . it 's one of that thing that can not help but rub you '' the wrong ' way . . stuntman mike '' be that the kind of job you want next ? : pam what , suckin’ dick ? : stuntman mike no ; personal assistant . neos ' anid | | | | '' no kid . = - well that 's the million dollar '' . a ' question I have get less 's than 's five week to decide . 20 ss. stuntman mikep 26 well it 's funny you should bring . see «that . up , because : you know ; twas *~ i think about hire a personal assistant ... vk fee . . pam " ( laugh ) : have stuntman mike . yeah , I think it could really help relieve stress in - my’life , if . i-had a assistant ' help 'my cope : pam . . . ( with a smile - on she facey oo a well what kind of thing would you need a personal assistant todo ? stuntman mike oh I do not know , ' you know ' more about how this stuff work . _ what do you think youshotild do for I ? pam that ' 's not the.way . it work : stuntman mike : okay , what do you do for jessie ? pam bo , well if he be shoot I would wake he up , and havé a ' cup 6 for coffee ready -- stuntman . mike : : - s' you. do that ? pam " yeah . . oo stuntman 's mike ( laugh ) baby , you be hire . . Julia , she take . a bag of weed out of he look like she be catch out . in the rain , white trash pot dealer lanna - F ' , - follow by : two other badass looking girl , ( no. college kid this ) : wal ! through the door . — mp bty hare Shanna and the ; guy . . greet ' they with a big cheer . lanna - Frank walk over . to the’ bar.to give Warren some love . she even know Pam , ' and kiss she , . then head to Julia 's table . . stuntman : mike this lanna - Frank would . seem to be / quite a popular young lady . o. pam oe * ( meow ) 2 ... : when you . drug :. dealer finally arrive , you be usually very happy to see they . aja ? : stuntman Mike look over in the table direction and see lanna - Frank and she friend be introduce to arlene and join the table . : of . ir pocket , and show it to the table . stuntman Mike clock all of this . : - Pam say to stuntman Mike look over i at Julia 's table ; pam : take a picture , - it last longer . stuntman mike what ? pas i pam '' that table seem to keep get you attention ... .. ras stuntman mike ' be that . jealousy I detect , little '' one ? more 2 pam hardly . but if you want.to hook up with jungle Julia , there 's a easy way to do - that ..:. stuntman mike _ really , and what would that be ? 49 . sei '' 50 . me . pam oe get famous . thenyou will not have to find she , she will find you . you do not even wait ‘to know . what she do for that billboard . * - she raise she glass to ' toast ted . / you ’vé earnéd it . stuntman mike — what do she ever to do you ? '' '' we go ' through school togéther , : . from kindergarten through high - school , that 's what she do . she be she height ' right now at twelve . she wasa monster . 's '' half '' the guy she still fuck from the old class , she use to beat up and terrorize they in the sth '' grade . '' '' . stuntman ' mike ) I - see . she use ‘to béat ' you up : and take you ' chocolate milk , ' huh ? that pituitary ' case , might : of kick my ass a couple of time - ' sorry , I be build like a girl - not a black man . - but I - would die before I ever give Julia lucai my chocolate milk . " I have kiss a lot | . of ass in my day , but I 'l ? ' be . - damned I kiss that bitch ass . : co jungle julia and arlene . ~~ arlene . so Julia , have '' yott book all the band for sxsw yet ? '' ~ : jungle julia here it come . ie what ? '' jungle : ' julia it 's nothing personal ; honey , it 's just everybody know a band . '' look " I mn ' sorry = _ what ? jungle julia and every band want to play sxsw . and everybody think it 's as easy as pie for I , - : mee arlene . jungle julia . asi. 4e8 ~- I get crabby , but the truth be I have find some good band that way . . what 's. they , name ?. arlene jungle julia the..band you like , - what 's .. they ~ name ? . _. , . jarlene - . I do not say I like they : . oo .. . sungle julia . you do not like they ? . _ arlene I have never hear they . it 's a ' friend from work band . I mean I have they CD , it 's be sit on . _ my kitchen counter for month , but T have not listen to it yeto but. you want I to ? would : you ? . jungle julia : sure . what 's the name : of ' the : group ? : . arlene '' the idol . '' jungle julia '' the eyeballs ? '' | '' the idol . '' lanna-frank who ''s . come outside to smoke out ? 51 . ew all three of the guy stand up . jungle . julia '' look , we can not 's all go out there in mass exodus . Pete , you etay and watch the table ... Pete be crestfallen . arlene no that 's okay , I /11 stay . .( to " Shanna ) can rt speak with you .for a- minute ? shanna '' sure - honey . ( to the other ) I all see y’all out there . Julia , lanna - Frank , she friend , and the boy head door .. . . insert : the lever of a cigarette . machine be pull all . 52 . for . the out . a pack of Red Apple cigarettes fall to the machine catch - Julia take it and lead she little entourage to the porch when a female bar patron approach she . . bar patron excuge I , .are you jungle Julia lucai ? . jungle julia yes I be . bar patron you know i.was . listen to. you - show once and you be talk about -— jungle . julia . I be sure I do not remember . what 's you name ? ' bar patron peg. jungle julia well peg , my friend and . I be . go out for a smoke . 53. peg hold up a silver digital camera . peg I hate to ask yow ~ yt jungle julia - no you do not . '' ' peg - I be sorry ? jungle julia '' you want I to take a picture with you - fine 's - but do not tell I how you hate ask I . peg ao ~ can I take 'a picture jungle julia _ sure . . , peg ( to lanna - Frank ) would you take it ? peg and Julia pose smile , while lanna - Frank fumble around with the digital camera . jungle julia 's I hate this fuckin’ digital piece of shit camera , nobody know how to use . that disposable film camera be the bomb . pitch the digital shit and get a real camera . lanna - Frank take the. photo . . ext — huck' porch — ( rain ) ~ night the rain come down pissing . insert : oil imbed in - the highway be be . bring up by the rain . . . : stuntman Mike , now outside have a smoke , watch the vain , and the wet highway , as he smoke he chesterfield . you can tell he 's really enjoy the rain . Julia and lanna - Frank sit on the porch swing . the guy hover around they , share the joint . . : '' y 54 . stuntman Mike turn in she direction . .. , stuntman mike ... be you famous or something ? . . 5 , jungle : julia . - or something . '' aide stuntman mike no really , what .do you do ? : jungle julia : _ really ? what I do be work my ass off to get my own . record label off the ground .. but : why that girl want a picture of I be because I be a.local d.j.. .. stuntihan Mike get up and move toward : the pot smoking crowd . : . stuntman mike _ wait a minute , you get 'a billboard . by '' Big kahuna Burger '' . do n’tcha ? Julia turn 's to lanna - Frank . see I tell you , I be not really that famous , I be just that eecognizable . if you know what . I look like , you will know . I when you see I . : ( hold out she : hand ) : jungle Julia lucai . '' - jungle julia : stuntman mike : stuntman Mike mikki. jungle julia well it 's good.to meet you , stuntman Mike . now my . friend and I be going.to continue to get we weed on . would you care for some ? stuntman .mike thank ' you , Julia , but just the same , no thanks . jungle julia suit yourself . 55 . po int - girl bathroom ~ night ~ . J arlene and Shanna talk in the lady room . po << arlene . ' she just make be feel like a idiot for ask she about - she stupid sxsw . shanna '' it 's just that time of year where _ that 's '' all anybody , ask she about . | : arlene oo : : : thats all ' she ever talk about . but that do not mean she 's gotta be a shitty ass about it ... look I be here for four day , I '' just pa get a little sick of the jungle i . Julia show . shanna look Julia 's always give herself complete permission to be a bitch , . it 's one of the cool thing about i , she . and now she 's a star - arlene nigga please , she 's not a star ! at the most , you could consider she , a. local celebrity . fuckin 's superhead be more famous than she . '' ard what 's this bullshit about Chris simonson put she in a movie ? be I the only ' one who remember how bad she suck in that play ? . shanna hey , that take ball . . arlene in a cast of amateur she | distinguished hersélf as be the lousiest . 5 ' they both burst out laugh , and say in unison ; arlene / shanna thank you Grace . obviously a private joke only they get . : 's [ [ | 56 . no shanna bret give she a break , not everybody be bear to play ibsen . arlene least of ' all : that bitch . they laugh again , : : : a arlene do not worry , I be not - 'really : ' mad-mad . I be just havin 's a little Julia detest fest ‘to get the _ irritatedness out of my : system . - back on the porch Julia take a hit ..on the porch swing , she ' long leg out in front of she , she bare foot upon the wood ' * porch rail , the rain be splash on they . . ' stuntman Mike stand up and head over to they again : Julia say to the group . - . jungle julia - uh-oh do not look . now but cannonball run 's come over . stuntman mike you know there 's a t.s. elliot poem about rain just like tonight . -o . ungle : julia we be high . Mike , spare we thé t.s.. fuckin ' elliot . lanna - Frank laugh . _ stuntman mike .- okay no poetry and I be go . back inside , but before I go , theré be 's one thing I be afraid I must point out . your. foot be go to get wet . . be '' : < sungle julia T havent give you permission to concern yourself with my foot . lanna - Frank and her. friend laugh . . 's | | | i | stuntman Mike get cold . stuntman ' mike come again ? . jungle . julia «© you tell I my foot be get wet . yes they be . now I be tell you , don 's t worry about it . stuntman Mike get a little scary . '' stuntman mike '' you playin’ I . for 'a ' fool = " : she come back the same . jungle julia 7 I mean it . - do not worry about ‘my foot . I do not even want : you : to think about th he look .at her. : jungle julia . I say , stop think about then . a moment pass . between the two . then stuntman Mike turn back into the flirtatious old fool . . stuntman mike well we could fight about this . but as a rule , 'e usually pay woman to beat - the.crap outta I . this make Julia laugh .. jungle julia yeah , you - wish . .- she hold out she hand . jungle : julia . '' you may kiss it . : stuntman mike why of course my dear lady ... jungle julia that do not mean a soliloquy , ' just kiss it . look . at they , then to Julia . 57 . 58. he kiss it , till . she yank it away . {00 jungle julia | wat that 's 's enough , now nbe ' go ° stuntman : mike '' as you wish my fair ' lady . back in the . bar fk ee Pam ' 's bullshit with Warren , stuntman Mike rejoin they . pam | ( refer to | Warren ) . you get some voucher here . I ask he what movie you work 's 6 n , 'no fuck clue . well . technically , ' I do not know he 's ever do ahything for sure . '' he show I a old episode of '' High chaparral '' , a guy fall off 'a - horse , he say it 's he ... okay ... | . could be . unep poet stuntman mike | : do you know the : show '' the _ . . virginian " ? aas Pam shake she head no . '' stuntman mike ' there - be a actor on that 's show , '' Gary Clarke , I kinda ' looke 1d like chim a bit . '' obviously before I cut - putas . ( refer to 's the - : ' scar on he ' face ) | . ~ myself . shave . ss pam : I like it . - . / stuntman mike well damn if you be not so swéet you make sugar taste just like salt . well anyway , I do alot of virginian double for Gary '' y Clarke , then that show turn into - - y : '' the Men of shilo '' - and they bring : Lee major on , and I double 's he . | | { i | she apologetically shake she head " no " . - stuntman mike then from that point on , I mostly specialize in car - stunt . I work almost the whole third season of '' Vegas '' . I be Robert urich 's drive double . Bob : do another show , '' gavilan '' , he bring I onto that one . till ... 2 . ( he refocus : on . Pam ) '' do you know any of this show or people I '' talkin’ about ? fa ee pam sorry . Warren approach . . warren I hate to tell you this , Mike , but drop Gary Clarke 's name do not . get Gary ' Clarke pussy no more . _stuntman Mike and Pam laugh . stuntman mike no I suppose it do not . .. pam so how exactly do . one become a stuntman ? : stuntman mike well in Hollywood anybody fool .@nough to throw themselves down a flight of stair , can usually find ; somebody , to pay .ya 's fer it . but '' really , - i. got. into the business the way most people get . in the stunt . business . ; pam and how 's that ? -. stuntman mike my..brother. got. I in it . brm who 's you . brother ? os 5 stuntman mike stuntman bob. 59 . nwea '' > i | | | 60 . oo ba . arr & 28 ask a stupid question , get a stupid answer . ~~ . stuntman Mike notice arlene and Shanna walk out to the porch . : Si moos ae a stuntman mike I tell ya’ Pam , I - think it 's gettin’ to be about that . but why do not I order you one more boot , and I will go out ’on the porch and have one more smoke . . : i pam sound ' 'good * to I . he smile and slide off the barstool . stuntman mike : hey Warren , I think my little hippy be friend here 's thirsty . back on the porch the rain suddenly stop , they all notice it except Julia who 's busy texting on she cell phone . insert : text message screen '' you a asshole '' . then ... . : . '' you message have be send '' . Julia and Pete sit on the porch swing , surround by they posse , pass a joint . co . " lanna - Frank lean close to Julia , and whisper in she ear , eb can my friend come up to the lake ? . Julia say , louder than she need to ; I do not invite ' they bitch . lanna-f , well I kinda tole ‘em ' ~ jungle julia - well then you just untell they . | 61 . arlene and Shanna walk out on the porch . Julia slap Pete on the arm , and say ; .... : jungle julia -. ee . get up and offer the lady you seat . Pete stand up . = jungle julia come here , baby . ' arlene sit next to Julia on the porch swing , ' and hug she waist , put she head on j.j. / s. shoulder . jungle Julia wrap she long arm around she , . talk ..low ‘to arlene like a lover . . ~ . jungle julia how 's my girl hold up ? arlene : ( in a pouty voice ) I be okay . but you be mean to I . jungle julia ea I be not mean , I be rude , . there 's a difference . any who , I be sorry . do you forgive I ? * arlene exaggeratedly nod she head yes . arlene : but you hafta be real nice to I for the whole rest of the time I be here . 3s jungle julia promise . ( pause ) | : . be you ready to - go to the lake ? she nod she head , yes . / jungle julia how ' bout you little friend , you want to bring he ? arlene . I think no boy ? . | i | i | 62. if - you really want he to come , Shanna will not mind ... so. how :~ bout : it , boy or just . we : girl ? :. arlene squeeze ' Julia tighter ; we : girl . 's loe jungle julia a em fen for ves good idea . : '' then two beer come into frame ... voice ( 0s ) cs el lady . both Julia and arlene take thé beer without ' look up . we in the audience notice the hand offer the beer wear a black leather glove . voice ( 08 ) , cheer , Butterfly . they look up to cheer , and see ; stuntman Mike , sit on he haunch . stuntman mike '' the wood . be lovely dark and ' deep .. cue and ' I have promise to keep and ' mile ' to go before I sleep '' 's do you hear I Butterfly , mile to go before you sleep , jungle , julia sorry stuntman burt - . , stun ! _~ stuntman Mike a . mike - Mike , she already break off that dance . stuntman Mike look at arlene , . she 's still a little frighten of he . : but for whatever reason , he 's not as scary now . in fact there 's something rather intimate about he manner , that actually have a strange effect on the drunk arlene . 63. stuntman mike } be that true , do I miss my . chance ? she do not want : to give he 's creepe by he , but ' for whate i herself to lie to he . just look back at he , a lap dance , she 's still ver reason , she can not bring . so she do not answer at . all . - she fragiley . stuntman mike do I frighten you ? she nod she head yes . stuntman mike be it my scar ? she shake she head ; no . *- arlene oe it 's ' you car . stuntman Mike smile apologetically . stuntman mike yeah , I know . , sorry , it 's my -mom car . : . : 5 . } this make arlene smile . . , have you be follow we ? -stuntman mike nope . but that 's what I like about Austin . it 's so damn small . . | | | | a jungle julia you have see this guy before ? | : I see he ’outside of guero 's . stuntman mike I see you outside of guero ' 's , too . you see my car , I see you leg . 1 be not stalkin’ y'all , but 1 do not say I be not - a wolf . . | so you really be not follow we ? of . 64 . i . : stontman mike I be not follow you , Butterfly , be just 's get lucky . 3 | . : | this make ' the prétty ' drink ' git ? smile . 5 ° > stuntman mike '' i so how ' bout that lap dance ? .. | rap ; dance ? az , jungle.. julta sorry , it be a one time only '' offer , and 's she do 's it at antoine 's '' earlier this evening . : '' stuntman mike no 'she do not . " : . arlene how do you know ? . stuntman . mike seek I '' good that way . you look a little touchéd . / i arlene what 's touchéd ? stuntman mike wound , slightly . why should I nbe wounded ? stuntman mike because you expect , guy to be pester you all nigh - but from '' you '' look ' I ' can ' tell 's ody : pestere you at all , '' it kinda hurt - you feeling a' little bit do not it ? there be few . thing as fetching as a bruise ego on . a beautiful . angel. ( pause ) : so how ' bout that lap dance ?: arlene . I think I be gonna have to give you _ @ rain check . stuntman mike well since you be leavin 's in the next couple of day , that rain I check 's 11 be worthless . I | | 65 . stuntman mike but that 's okay , I understand if I make you uncomfortable . you be still a nice girl . I still like you . however , I must warn you of somethin‘ . you know ‘how people . say ; . " you be okay in .my book '' . .or . - '' in my book that 's no good '' . '' well , I actually have a. book . he take out a small little book . he get real quiet . he smile . ... stuntman , mike and everybody I ever meet go in this book . and now , I ’ve. met. you , you be 's go in the book . and I be goin’ to write . only nice thing , except , I will be forced.to. file you under , chicken shit . arlene and what if I do it ? stuntman mike well , I definitely could not file you under chicken shit then , now could I ? ° . arlene what 's you name ? ~ stuntman mike stuntman Mike . arlene . well stuntman Mike , I be Butterfly , my friend jungle Julia over . .here tell mé that jukebox inside be _bretty impressive . stuntman mike . - it be . pick 's out a good song for you lap dance . arlene - Mike ? _ he nod he ' head , yes . 66 . | stuntman mike '' yeah ? arlene . see no touch . . aos . stuntman ' mike I know . arlene : , I touch you . you do not touch I . back inside . cone stuntman mike. put 'a quarter : in the jukebox . '' °° '' oa a cool fifty oldie come 's froii the vintage jukebox : he ' take . a chair , and put - it in the middle of the réom ...°° +>- then sit down on it . arlene strut : up to he and - as ail eye ‘are on ' they , perform a smokin’ lap dance . her girl , and the bar ; with the possible exception of nate , cheer she on . Pam and Warren can not wipe the’ smile offof they face . by the end , jungle . Julia be take photo with she instamatic , as arlene and Mike do funny sexy pose . before the song end , arlene finish up , she do not give Mike a kiss , but very lovingly hdld he face in she two hand , like the sweet italian mama ' that she be . and as the song conclude , without another word , the girl , dance out the door of the bar ard ' leave . leave stuntman Mike smile , sit on he chair . when he stand , Warren and Pam 's applaud he . 's : warren : -- oe * you -knew , maybe it be you who fall off that horse . pam you ready to go , fonzie ? stuntman mike I do 'believe it 's about that time . ext huck be - night stuntman Mike lead Pam out of the bar , towards he car . - in the b.g. , the girl be argue who 's sober enough to drive , leave they male admirer whining to.go with they . jungle julia _ yeah , keep it up , nothing make I wanna ' fuck more then man whining . lanna - Frank win thé I be the less drunk argument , . the : most 's stone , but less drunk . so she get behind . the wheel , and the other girl , Julia , arlene and Shanna , pile in . but that 's in the b.g.. we stay with stuntman Mike and Pam . he lead she up to he : wick automobile . Pam be take by the sight of the badass black muscle car . pam - wow . that 's fuckin’ scary . stuntman mike | Weil I want . it to be impressive , and scary tend to impress . pam be it safe ? . stuntman mike . : it 's better .uen safe , it !s. death proof . pam . | ne - how do you make a car death proof stuntman mike that 's what stuntmen.do . you nve see a movie where a car get into some smash up . that . there ain not no way in hell anybody 's walkin ' away from ? : pam yeah . sai ? sasi '' she peer into the car enclose in plexiglass . 68. stuntman mike ; how do you ’think they accomplish that ? pam : cgi ? al : y he stuntman ' mike 's well unfortunately , nowadays , more offen than not , you be right . but back in the all or nothin’ day . the vanish __ ae tok teatcttn Point day , the dirty Mary crazy '' * Larry day . they be real car crashin 's .. into ' real car , '' with ' real dumb , real people drivin 's es '' they . so you. give 's the stunt team the car you want 's to smash up , * they take ‘er , reinforce that : fucker everywhere , and wa-la . - . you get yourself a death proof automobile . pam eo that make sense . I just do not know you could make a car death proof . stuntman mike I could drive ' this baby 's into a brick wall at a hundred and twenty — five mile a hour , just for the experience ... pam I be impressed , to see the entire passenger side be : ram : why be the passengér ' seat in a box ? stuntman mike ' well this be 'a’mévie car . and sometimes whén ' you be shoétin’ a crash , the diréctor want a camera in the car , shootin 's ' the crash from the inside . ' that 's where you put the camera . they call ita crash box . | | | | 69 . he open the door to the plexiglass box , offer Pam to climb in . . stuntman mike do not worry , Pam , you would hafta choke to death ona ham sandwich to die behind the wheel : of this baby . Pam climb . | : : stuntman Mike shut . the - door . as he walk around to thé . passenger side : he watch the other girl peel out , shower gravel . — they make a leave onto the highway , and disappear . he smile after. they as . he climb behind the . wheel of he death proof vehicle . . ' . int - death proof -— night stuntman Mike be in the driver seat . Pam be in the plexiglass box . a plexiglass wall with some hole . to talk through , separate they . and ee Mike have a few different seat belt to ' snap in place for himself . Pam do not even have a car seat . she have a post that stick out of the floor , that you would attach a camera to , that she have to balance herself on . .- . pam you know , when you . ask to drive I home , . you do not mention you car do not have a passenger seat . : stuntman mike . , actually , I do not .ask to drive you home . you ask for a ride , and I say , yes . look - at the bright _ side , I will not - be gettin’ fresh , . puttin 's my hand on you knee . Pam smile . nd 70 . pam that be a bright side : stuntman Mike ' smile back through thé plexiglass . " stuntman mike I think " so . he yank a homemade '' im tal '' lever , ' that slide a metal bar : into place , lock both door . . : : then start up he powerful machine . Pam - smile at ' the ‘excitement ‘of , this tremble machine . , . he slide the car into first , and , pull up to the highway . which way you goin 's , . leave or right ? a ' pam right . __ , , stuntman , mike ' oh , that 's too bad . thriller music sting happen on soundtrack . still smile . : " pam : why be that ' too bad ?. stuntman mike because it be a fifty fifty shot . on whether , you would be goin ' leave .or right . you see we be both goin’ leave , and you could of just as easily be goin 's leave too , and if that be the case , then it would of be awhile before you would . of start gétting scared . . but since ) : you be goin 's the other way , I '' . afraid you be gonna hafta get scared immediately . Pam 's smile fade away , as a look of oh shit terror replace it . 71 . as the look of panic appear ... stuntman Mike jerk a hard leave on to the road ... she 's maybe scared shitless , yet Pam be one tough chick , and she let loose with a violent stream of curse aim at the Driver . ~ he shut she up , by turn up the radio real.loud , and . drive - réal . crazy , toss ‘her helplessly around . the . , plexiglass box , crash like a rag doll from wall to wall . he do thing like drive straight towards telephone pole : at full speed : then narrowly miss they . stuntman mike - ' member when I say , this car be death proof ? well , that be not .a lie . '' this . car be 100 percent death proof . only , to get the benefit of it , you really hafta be sit in my seat . : he slam on the brake and Pam go fly face first into the unpave dashboard . her face might as well have explode . ' stuntman Mike bust a gut laugh . stuntman mike Boy , ya gotta love they unpave dashboard . ya get into a wreck , ya just hose it off , and sell it to somebody else . Pam 's nose be smashed across hér face , she front tooth be knock out , and she jaw be bust . . . : . but she 's still conscious . : : _ stuntman mike now . I gotta catch I my other girlfriend . - : he speed down the road . * curt to : 72 . int — shanna n's car ( moving ) - night lanna - Frank be drive , Julia sit in the passenger . side — front seat stretch out with she bare foot up on the ... dashboard and press into the windshield . Shanna and arlene sit in the back . Julia 's on the phone . jungle julia _ ( into phone ) thanks , honey , : ( pause ) a you will play it next song , right ? . ( pause ) , : good boy . ' ( pause ) ( she do a tiger growl ) bye bye . the song jungle Julia request 's come on the radio . the girl move and shake to the beat of the song . stuntman Mike 's car catch up ’with they ... -+- and then he pass they ... ++-hitting the gas go even faster so he can pull ahead and leave they behind . . : : we cut back and forth between the girl and stuntman Mike . drive , and Pam , whosé ' hose be sitashed , she 's jaw be break , and part of she upper tooth be knock out , but ‘her eye still work . she watch , and - plead to the Driver on the other side of the plexiglass box . . then stuntman Mike , make a u-turn . the car stop , but the engine run . he watch the girl car far off in the distance come forward . ; - he turn off he headlight . he revs up the engine . he hit the gas . | 73. the girl move to the song obliviously . he head towards they ... Pam watch in terror . the other girl be obviously oblivious of what 's about , to happen to they . - . they continue to chair dance . his car be almost on they ... then ... he hit the headlight . the girl see the car . he swerve head on into they lane go about a hundred and thirty . : : the moment before impact julia with she foot up on the windshield see the grill.of the car head right for she . her face register . as she 's bath in fast harsh approach headlight ... see Pam 's 's blood face directly across from she head : for .. a collision . : . E stuntman mike let out a heehaw type of yelhy '' as he head towards Julia and she foot . : shanna' smile disappear . arlene . ae see Mike 's face as she head towards collision and softly close she eye . 2 74 , crash as. much . as. we ! 1 ] show the car ' crash ' ina horrible pie ape collision , we will algo cut ' back '' and forth what 's happen '' inside the automobile . . : : ewe et 1g bo seem t it will be .a slow motion equivalent of the. crash test dummy footage : ' we have see before , but with real péople . the steering wheel be push through lanna - Frank 's chest as she fold around it . 2 . ) os jungle Julia be propel foot first through the windshield . like be shot '' from a gun out .of a shark mouth only : to 's be : squash by the collide car .. stuntman Mike 's front tire tear. into the roof of the girl car , and the spin front tire hit arlene square in the face , rip she face off . stuntman mike just enjoy the ride : stuntman Mike crash into the girls.on the -highway that be part of a : overpass , so the two twisted . : wreck tumble over the side crash ' onto the highway below . Shanna look up and see stuntman Mike 's car fall on . she , . she 's pulverize . . another car , also drive by a woman , see the twisted car fall into ' the road in front of she , it 's too late to do anything . she crash into both of they at seventy mile a hour . destroy she car and herself . : aftermath the highway be desert except for the bust break car , and the blood and glass , and flesh and body part that litter the highway . : : we see a tape put ina tape player . Mike alive and well and upside down in he car , come down off he rush , as . he rock out to the music . no one 's alive to witness he orgasm , but boy do he have a good god damn time . . fade to black 75 . fade up : ~ . - . tt int - hospital — pay . we fade up on a hospital door .. the , door. open . we : see : two : detective question stuntman Mike who 's convalesc ' in a hospital : bed . " °° " . : ' dig sei te Texas Ranger ; earl mcgraw walk . out , ofthe : room C + he 's join in the . hallway : by hi 5s son , Texas Ranger edger mcgraw :: edger ' so pop , what ' dya think ? . what do I think ? . '' well Son , . number 7 '' : '' one , what I think , be , so ghoulish I - : : hesitate to speak it out loud . . : oe edger . give it a shot . earl well Son , what we get here be . a case of vehicular homicide . 1 think that ol 's boy in there . murder they pretty little gal . prs he nuse 's a car nota hatchet , but : / they dead just the same . edger what be you gonna do ? not a damn thing . da. say be not no crime here , every .damn one of ' they gal be swim in alcohol , and floatin’ on weed ! '' hooper '' in there be clean as a whistle . edger you actually . think he premeditatedly : :. murder that girl ? . 7 at earl _ . I can not prove it , but since =. thinkin 's do not ' cost nothin’ , I can think it , and ido . & . edger yeah , but pop , he get . pretty bang up hisself ? ns sian earl yeah , he get bang up . but they poor girl look like a giant chew ‘em up and spit ‘em out . :. + | , - edger vo pha oe why ? lo. bake . I would guesstamate it 's a sex thing , only way I can figure it . High velocity impact . '' twisted metal . : bustin 's glass . four soul takin 's at exactly the same time . probably the only way that diabolical : degenerate can shoot he goo . only thing we can even dream , of gettin’ he on 'is vehicular manslaughter for that hitchhiker in the death box . that be just plain goddamn reckless '' endangerment . but I get mé a : bartender owner operator that ' 11 testify that stuntman Mike do not drink a drop all . night . . and he passenger be leave strand by she date , in the goddanin rain . no less , and she ask he for the ride . ° on Paper look like he be just helpin’ she out , that as. what .a jury 's gonna see anyway . es : 5 ' edger so what be . you gonna do , pop ? earl well , I could take it upon myself to continue workin’ the case in my off hour . keep searchin’ for evidence to prove my theory . .. keep tabs on that - bastard . alert authority . Dog ‘em . wherever he go , I go . '' or. os ° ++- I could spend . that same amount of '' time and energy followin’ the nascar circuit . now , I have think alot about it , and i. think ' I ' 1 ) have : a happier life , if I do the later . : but even through I can not punish frankenstein for what : he 's do . if he ever do . it again , . i-- can make goddamn sure he do n’t.do - it in ' Texas . fade to black the subtitle fade off . 77 . fade up : : so , ) ext ~ highway sign - day ( we fade up on a Big highway billboard that . say '' welcome to Lebanon , Tennessee '' . . a subtitle appear on the screen ; '' 14 month later '' we look at the’ sign for a-moment .. ; : when hod from off screen . a new badass muscle gar ; make a jump and crash through the sign . B : the car land .on - the highway ; and just keep on go . int ~ car ( moving ) . = day stuntman Mike , back in ship shapé , in a brand . new death - proof muscle car , drive down a tenhessee road , blaring hillbilly music from the radio , on the hunt . he pull the car into a " Circle '' aa '' convenience store parking lot . he turn the engine off as the radio . continue . when ... ++- in the parking space next to he ... " + +-a yellow 2006 mustang with black trim ( kill Bill color ) with three girl in they twenty pull up in front of the Circle A. . . S . this girl - be part . of a film crew that be shoot on location in Tennessee , 's - . , ~ . behind the wheel , isa pretty black giri with a solid athletic build , dress ' in jeans and 's a tight green camouflage t-shirt , name kim ( a - stuntwoman ) . | | | 78. beside she ' in the passenger seat , vis a. young pretty starlet , lee , who 's by the way just happen to be dress in a cheerleader uniform . and lay down in the backseat , with she bare foot out the car door window , .. be the sleep abernathy ( make ' up afd hair ) . = it be early dawn , it 's obvious this girl have be out party all night , and have " turn nto.. vampire ‘by the early morning : light. =! - I moet like somebody ' would 's watch ' fasdinat i , pretty colorful fish through the window ’of ah aquarium , stuntman Mike watch he new 3 Girls 3 posse through tthe window of he automobile . : he watch they talk silently through the window , with only the sound of he ' tape player music . he.turns off the music and roll down the window a crack so he can hear they . _ kim : coe sovare 's you on the same . floor as he ? : lee no , I be ’on the fotirth , and . he 's on the seventh . cuT to inside the girl - car — morning kim . and who 's in whose room ? lee he 's in mine . : kim : and so what happen then ? . lee tes : well , ' that be pretty much it . 's we make out in the hall for about ten minute , then I send he off to he room . , kim _ so how 's the rock as a kisser ? lee oh , he 's damn good . he 's get they mushy lip , a they fingertip . 79 , a : uuummm , I love they mushy lip . vi : _ lee ls ws : " and hes a big guy , .so.he spin - I . _ around . rno : ( she demonstrate by ... / _ pantomime ) : : : '' ~ - " s0 my back '' be up against he , jhe -. . take he big hand , put it on my | . . _ throat , tilt my head back , lower | : ee over I and kiss I from-behind . a mee * kim - , damn , that sound sexy . . Le . lee : it be sexy . ~ : : | [ kim . but ' then that was_it , you . send he off ? how would he take it ? lee : wait a minute , what be we doin 's | here ? ) y kim if I be gonna power through and pick '' Z0 é up at the airport , I need a big ass cup off coffee . but finish up about the rock , how would he take it ? lee well , naturally , he try to talk I into it . kim what would he say ? lee : you know , the whole thing about let 's just sleep together , - we. do not . ' hafta do nothin’ ... a 7 = i | yeah , right , nigga , you ' get to go . lee : but I tell he look on the bright side . og . Kim turn to leave she coffee ... she , open the door ..: 80 . kim lo if there 's a bright side to send a nigga off to he room alone to jack off with the soap , I do not know ' that side . what side would that be ? ws . lee . — _ I tell he , if we have sex tonight , I have want to avoid he tomorrow on ... ) set . now , the way it ' stand , I ' can not wait to see he . kim es ooohhh ' girl , that 's a good one , you good . so , '' do you ? ~ be : . lee ce Hell yeah . it be fun smile at he across the set , all day . the car , to go into the store and get lee - wait a minute , what time be it ? kim . six thirty in the morning . lee : you can buy alcohol in the morning in Tennessee , can not you ? : kim if by you , you mean alcoholics , then yes , you can buy liquor . in . the morning . lee : shut up . look , I '' ' the only one here drink gin , and I drunk the last of the gin , last night . '' so if _ we be gonna party tonight , I néed - I more gin . bombay if you - please . ~ kim '' bombay sapphire , and tonic , get it , : lee and some Capitol W 's light . | '' int - stuntman mike 'at '' car '— morning .pluggin 's she ipod earphone into he 7 , - he look intently . . 81 . get it . ~ . . ' ei : Dee > a : and ' some '' sunny D * if . they . . get it . kim . damn girl , I just ' stop to get _ some coffee , not . a pain in the ass . the sleep abernathy , pipe in , without '' get up or open she eye . ily : abernathy since you be get that , get some tore vodka and some more sugar free Red bull . : the two girl look to the back seat . kim , we do not know you be awake . abernathy I be not awake , I be asleep , but get the vodka and sugar free Red bull anyway . they laugh . Kim get out , then say to Lee ; kim you remember how . to get to the airport , do n‘tcha ? lee '' uh-huh . 's kim psy kus ' well then you ' should scoot : over , cause you should drive . Kim go , as Lee scoot over to the driver seat . bye he watch the cute black girl with the oh so fine behind , walk into the convenience store and do she business . - his eye go to the car next to he , Lee ' in the driver seat , x earhole . and the two . bare foot stick out of the back seat driver side door . | | 82. int :~ circle 's a store = " morning Kim be by the cold drink cooler , she.get , the sunny , Delight , but they do not have sugar free Red bull , ...so.she .. walk tothe front door , open it , ' and yell . to the car from where she be . . all : * rim / ( yell ) . debe 's they be not get sugar free Red bull . they get regular Red bull and . sugar free '' g.0. juice '' . 9 '' : int - car - " ( parked ) = morning '' Lee turn to the eye close sleep beauty recline in the backseat . : seg lee . : I be aware you be not awake , and : not to bother you , but they do not : have . , sugar free Red bull . '' they have get regular Red bull and sugar free " g.o. juice '' . without open she eye , abernathy say ; abernathy '' 6.0 . int - store Kim hear this , get the 6.0 . juice , walk up to the counter , place the sunny Delight on the counter , and ask . the guy behind the counter ; kim 5 pull I down a bottle of bonibay sapphire , and Galileo vodka , anda pack of '' Capitol W light '' , anda ~ pack of Red Apple tan ... the counter ' guy pull down the bottle and the smoke , as . Kim go over to the coffee area and proceed to make a big . ass cup of coffee , call ; '' the Big a Cup of coffee '' . int / ext - stuntman mike 's car ( parked ) stuntman Mike examine she through he windshield . 83. his eye then go to the two bare foot of the sleep girl propped up on the car door window , and she friend in 's the driver seat zone out on she ipod . he step . out of he car , and approach the two bare foot ... peer inside ; he see . abernathy . dead tothe world . '* he glance back at the store , Kim 's not look '' in this direction , too involved in create the xight mixture for she big ass cup of coffee . Lee , back to he , ear phone in she ear , sing along with she ipod , ope he look back to sleep beauty , and the. pretty bare foot he 's close enough to touch . stuntman Mike remove 's the black leather glove from he burnt right hand . take he index finger , he run it down the bare sole of abernathy 's foot . . ~ ' he watch she . she do not stir . he then take he finger and lightly run . it up she bare sole , from heel to big toe , : . cu abernathy , for the sleep woman twitches , ... cu toe ++ eand curl she toe quickly , but do not wake up . cu stuntman mike smile . he look towards the store . the black girl inside still occupy ... -. the girl directly in front of he , oblivious , sing ' out loud to the song on she ipod . . oe +++80 far , so good . time to press he luck , : he take he index finger and run it across she toe . this make abernathy stir , and . remove she foot from the window . er i cu abernathy - she eye pop open , and she sit up abruptly ... nei ? stuntman Mike have blast pass and walk around ' the hood of he car to he . driver side door ... he do not hurry like he 's guilty and flee , but like he 's absentmindedly xush to he car , and '' maybe he accidently , brush pass she foot on he Way , ' as 's well as Lee 's '' elbow that be stick out the driver side cdr door window . : with ear phone still in she ear +. she yell after he ; lee Excuse you ! she turn around and see 's abernathy sit up in the ' backseat . she smile and remove the ipod from she ear . lee : sorry , I do not mean to give you a concert . rom : abernathy . no , it be not you . ' that guy bump into my . foot when he walk by . ( pause ) ~ : I do not know why , but it kinda creepe I out . just then stuntman Mike 's muscle car , roar . to life , he revs it up , vibrate next to the two girl . Lee smile and hold up she two finger make a small pinch gesture to abernathy in the back seat . lee Little dick . she smile till she look over at stuntman Mike ( for the first time ) stare back at she , smile . ~ upon 's see he face , she smile fade and she say to herself ; lee . '' Holy fuckin " shit . her next cardoor neighbor , slam the car into reverse , and peel out of there layin’ rubber out to the road . - abernathy what ? lee do you get a load of that fuckin’ dude ? 84 . i | 85 . she shake she head , no . ee lee lo. tet he look like he fall outta a . ugly tree and hit every branch on the way down . _ / abernathy : where do you get all this old say ? lee I watch '' the jefferson '' alot . then they - notice Kim stand at the’ store front door , yell at they again . both abernathy in unison . Kim do . int = store '' rim '' ( yell ) hold - on a. minute ! I gotta take a fuckin’ piss ! and Lee smile , say to themselves quietly abernathy and lee . ( quietly to themself ) that 's a little more information than we need , Kim ... . ( then yell back to Kim ) ++- but you go right ahead ! . , abernathy , well since I be up I might as_ well hit the ATM . abernathy get she money when . she phone ring . it 's whistling Bernard herrmann 's theme from " kill Bill '' . " abernathy ( into phone ) hello . : lee 's voice ( 0s ) it 's I . | | | 86 . abernathy look out the window and see 's Lee in the car talk to her.on she cell hone . abernathy miss I ? lee 's voice ( os ) I think I might be inside this month issue.of ' allure . she turn towards the counter guy . . abernathy * do you have allure ? '' counter -; guy '' magazine by the window ; fashion section - up top . time cuT a allure magazine be toss on ' the ' counter . the counter guy ring it up . counter guy you. know . we sell other 's fashion magazine : behind : the counter . of abernathy no that 's okay , this will be all , thanks alot . anyway . - she turn she back to he and head for the door . oe ++- when he say to she back ; counter ' guy '' fr have this : month issue of italian vogue . j * ... she stop in she track ... .-. then slowly ' turn . she : head to look at hin ; i | abernathy oe this '' month ? z int - lee in car ( parked ) __ ' listen to she ipod , when abernathy come out to she . she remove she headphone . abernathy - okay , listen to ‘this . the cirele a 's clerk have this month italian vogue . a lee no way ? ' abernathy . * Way . lee I can not believe this fuckin’ Circle a cary italian vogue . abernathy it do not .. it 's , he own personal copy . he will let it . go for eighteen buck . lee ( incredulous ) eighteen buck ? : abernathy what do you care , we be talkin’ about fuckin’ per diem here : _look , we find a issue of italian vogue in Lebanon , Tennessee , we be lucky he 's not ask for fuckin’ krugerrand .. I be get it and we be split it three way . lee what , I you and Kim ? : abernathy . no , Kim do not give a shit about italian vogue . ° but. brandy 's 11 come in with we and if she will not , . tyson , she assistant will . lee okay , but if anybody ' tear ' out any * sheet I want , you hafta make color xerox of that page . and I be not talkin’ about no fuckin’ kinko 's either . you go to the art department and have ‘em do it fuckin’ right . 87 . 88. abernathy , who be 's lean . into the car to .. speak with Lee , straighten up to walk back in the store 's and see stuntman Mike 's car park down he road . when , she look directly at it , the automobile speed away . |. - : i ' a this trouble the young lady but : she 's not . . sure why . int = atrport ( tennessee ) = day '' a group of passenger be disembark from a airplane , and filing out into the airport . 7 Kim , Lee , and abernathy be watch they , disembark , search for a recognizable face . which .is what they see when the bouncy , athletic , and , cute as a bug ear Kiwi , Z08 bell , exit the airplane . upon see the wait friend , Zo0 é light up , and_ bounce over to they , pass out hug . ae it 's also obvious that while Kim and abernathy know Zoé , Lee do not . : it 's also equally obvious that Zo06 and . Kim be very close , which will make ' sense when the audience realize both gal be stuntwoman . zoe ( to Kim ) I see you still wear camouflage to all occasion . . kim . . hey camouflage be . the new black , it go with everything . after the girlfriend exchange hug and greeting ... Kim and abernathy introduce they new location buddy : Lee to Zoé. . - Zoé shake thé actress hand strong and vigorously , like a bloke , she New Zealand accent sing . song a greeting . ext - airport - day . from a long distance away , we see the four woman , complete with - Z06 's baggage , exit the airport . | | 89 . 4 yf we SNAP zoom to a medium of Zoé , , then a click SOUND , off screen and the image of 2066 freeze . : : sergio 's leone cU of stuntman Mike observe the girl . through the shutter of he camera . oe SNAP zoom and freeze frame to each gitl in - turn . stuntman . Mike lower the camera from in . front of . his. face , smile a shit eat grin ( he 's back in business ) . stuntman mike ( to himselfy - hello lady . we be gonna have a good ' time . . he exit . frame . cur to int - car ( moving ) - day the four girl be pack in the car . abernathy : ) - ++- you timing could not be better , Zo6 . it just so happen , we nre all . three off duty for the next three day of shoot . 208 fuckin 's hell , how do that happen ? : abernathy well , I be do lindsey lohan 's make up , and she 's off for the next three day . there 's no stunt . . be film during that time , so Kim 's free , and Lee 's on a will notify for the next four day . lee - yeah , but if it . rain that 'il all change for I , they cover set be the ' cafeteria scene between I and brandy . zoe brandy , the girl that play moesha ? 90 . kim oh hell 's no , ' they show moesha , in New ' Zealand ? * wee . zoek Hell yeah , '' °° ** > «© ( she sing the theme ) '' mo-to- the-e-to-the ... '' they all laugh . kim * : '' oh that 's - great .. " - now it 's gonna be one of -: thém day I can not get the moesha theme out of my head . _ 208 : so’ how 's : the shoot go ? '' abernathy great . we be have the best time . the director , ' cécil ' Evans , be so much fun , we nre make the coolest movie and party all the time . the name cecil be pronounce 's tike cecil Brown and rhyme with vessel . not like '' beany * and cecil '' and rhyme with diesel . '' . kim _ Hell yeah , the’ next job after this be definitely ' gonna 's ' suck . ' 208 : so let 's hear it lady ; set romances , who 's get it off ? kim * . that would be Lee and toolbox . : zoe ' '' * ohhhh ; . toolbox , the name 's sound promise . : '' abernathy he 's a grip . : lee what he be ; be 'a pervert . zob well he keep sounding better : and better . what 's he perversion ? lee he like to watch I pee . the girl laugh . Kim and abernathy chant ; '' abernathy and kim ( sing ) ... Lee 's : sit on the toilet and toolbox be . watch her. pee , p-i-ss -I -n -g . kim yeah , but not no more . now she 's gittin’ it on with the rock . , i 0 ) you havin 's one off with the rock ? : lee : not the real rock . he 's a electrician name Bruce . but Kim . call he - the rock cause he look like he , and now we all just call '' he the rock . '' kim yeah , this be a all star crew . we gotta guy look like nic cage , and a guy who look like pee wee herman , too . ° . zoe : Kim - dick department - let 's hear it ? : kim ' no dick this . trip , I gotta man . zoe be he come up every couple of week and visit ya ? kim yep , ... that 's why.no.dick this trip . the girl laugh . 91 . they laugh . 92 . lee . dust remember Kim , whoever . you do in Tennessee , stay in Tennessee . " zoe : _ — how long have you have a boyfriend ? kim about three month . zob who ! d you steal hin from ? the other ' girl laugh . they laugh . . kim nobody . . abernathy Kim ... ‘he totally have a girlfriend . zoe all of Kim ' 's boyfriend , start out as somebody else boyfriend . kim I do not steal he . I do not steal any of thém ... they just ... jump — ship . zoe what 's you story , abernathy ? '' lee - Abby 's 8 get the big kahuna . : abernathy . I have a set crush on cecil . kim * not set crush , nigga please . ' you be he set wife . abernathy be and have be the key word here . 93. kim : 7 ) | bitch you two be still into each | . other and you know it . . abernathy : oh yeah , well if he 's so in love . with I , then why do he fuck daryl | Hannah 's stand in ? . kim . ( smart ass ) because he 's a man ? zoe yeah , be that a trick question ? : abernathy yes , man be dog , oh it 's so | . funny , oh it 's go funny ... kim . | . oh stop actin’ like you all hurt , | you ass be just mad . _ _ abernathy yeah , hé 's a stand - in. fucker . : kim bitch , you need to get over that shit , that be two week . ago . abernathy ( sarcastic ) oh , well now you put it like that . the girl laugh . 4 abernathy i oh I have not tell you the , best i . part . he fuck she , on my | birthday . zoe . : oh . that 's a horse of a different color . . . sh : | abernathy — | thank you . . z0e sy . do he know it be you birthday ? . ) hy he be the director , he 's kinda | ae busy . yeah . 94 , abernathy he eat a piece of my birthday cake , and he get I a present . yeah , I _think he know ... bor of ae what do ‘he get you ? = - .. .» abernathy he make I a tape . lee he make you : a tapé ? abernathy '' lee : a '' he do not : burn you a c . '' Der he make you a tape ? abernathy whe , yes , and I know what you / be ’gonna say , so do not even go there . kim sound like the test . of true love to I . abernathy look I know you guy like hin , he 's likable . but he : fuck another - woman on my birthday , how can you not be on my side ? zoe well i. admit that sound : bad . . abernathy it be bad . 208 it just sound like a little more to it than that . be ! you two fuck ? kim Hell no . abernathy ( to Kim ) hello , be you name abernathy ? 95 . ° kim a . sorry . S : abernathy . | . a ( to Zoé ) | the answer to you question be no , of course not . I fee . zob : oo what do you mean , - '' no , of course not " ? - : abernathy | . the reason cecil hasnt have a girlfriend : in six . year , be because girl will fuck he . and wif - - you fuck cecil , you do not become one of . ~his girlfriend -~ not to say I - want to be he . girlfriend 's -- but if .- . ll - I do want to be he . girlfriend , if | : . - --. I fuck he , I would not be he i : . girlfriend , I /d be :one of he | regular . . and . I '' just get too ' fuckin 's old for that shit . _ z08 : : : } how about blow . job ? abernathy nope , no blow job '. oe bob tos you have at least make : out ; right ? abernathy . Zoé , no . he do that shit with : : : too many . other : girl , I be not go : to be that girl . : . | : zob | you have never even kiss ? _ _ . ! a abernathy : . we have kiss . ee . zoe ~ but no tongue ? - abernathy no , no tongue . . not that he have not try . ae ? | | '' you be twelve : year 96 . zoe '' . have you let : he do anything ? hos ° rbernathy yess ive 's let he ' give '' I 'a foot 5 message , and : when * we - go ' to the movie , I have - let*him hold : my. hand . '' rtm , ; bitch , you ' ' may '' 's be not like lo , but he 's just actin " like a man '' you need - | to be break that nigga off a piece . '' zoe : : so let I get this straight , you be '' not fuckin 's they , you be not suckin ' - they , youfre not ' give - '' he any tongue . '' but daryl '' Hannah 's stand -invis . you know some ' culture might say he make the wisér choice . abernathy fry be marry to a prick who cheat on you , and ' see if you be still sing the same 's mee kim '' we be not talkin’ about marriage , we be talkin’ about you and cecil , you and cecil marry ? : abernathy no . ~ 4 kim '' Marriage be different . '' when a man finally break down and marries you ass , he 's make the deci ' settle down . ' thats why to hold that shit ‘off ‘to + possible minute not only that , he 's even make '. be vow to God , and in frontof he people ; that 's he 's gonna settle down : '' now ‘how that shit work in thé°leoong run '' remain to be see . for both yall . but*that 's a whole different : thing . but this , I be you girlfriend you be my boyfriend mickey mouse mess ? 97 . . kim ' all that mean be I get a date on } Saturday night , and on my birthday ) and Christmas , that nigga better go - deep in pocket . and by the way , what the fuck be we talkin’ about . @nyway . .. you nre neither marry to . , cecil.or he girlfriend . that nigga.can do what . he please . before you can claim a nigga , you get to claim a nigga . and you can start by givin‘ . that motherfucker a '' hand job in the back ‘of the van on . Tuesday . - } : . * '' abernathy I be not gonna do that . soe kim : ' - I know you will not . but you know who - will , . the bitch that end - up livin 's in . that big ass mansion . of he . . you know , I gotta say , I have not entirely agree . on everything Kim . Said . .. but it 's true when you ~ poop . . stretch shit out as long as you . | of . have with cecil . if you suddenly 1 . get dirty on ‘em , it blow they mind . : woe : kim : - look baby , I love you , but you | better recognize , cecil 's a good : . mo , man . you give he a hand job on Tuesday , and he 'o I write you ass a poem on Wednesday . and when y‘all get marry , at you wedding , you give I present . g : abernathy have ' stop argue , and sit back think a bit about what she friend say . . | cog 0 ekim |. eo Mark : my word , when this movie 's soo : @ver and do with , they two gonna . : get. marry , | a " abernathy : - I be not . gonna marry he . _ kim . j mark-my -word ! rarr 98. the : girl laugh . . . abernathy : okay , can we just take . my : sex life off the table ?. , zob actually , it be , cecil 's sex life that be on the table and you lack of one . gle . the girl bust ‘up , especially , kin who a a Sam Jackson pimp laugh . ' alum - 208 . and Kim aive a high five . | he ; abernathy ba '' oh fuck both of you and you little high five . '' int - coffee shop — pay abernathy so Zoé , Kim , and I be in the Philippines at a outdoor : rave . what be you work .on ? kim . '' Three kick to the head part ili '' . : abernathy and sanittedly , .. we be a. Little ' auck ' up . : tok cheer to that . '' they all cheer they coffee , and ' abernathy continue ‘her '' story . : : | . __ abernathy at so Zoé the genius want to take a ' picture of I . it 's dark as hell , ».and you can not seé shit . - so she 's '' gotther camera , and keep say step back a little . so I do . then a little further . so I ‘step back a little further . step back more . so ' I do , then I realize I be right '' at the edge of a seven foot , . concrete ditch , with god know how many rock and break bottle and rat - in it . and if I fall in that , I would nve break my fuckin ' neck . so I be yell at she ; '' Zoé , you almost kill I '' . so we laugh '' about it , and walk a little further , and Zoé start fuckin ' ' around , and damn if she do not fall in the fuckin’ ditch . . " the other girl laugh . Zoé take they laughter like applause and bow . . 206 '' : - I remember take a step look down and 's just as I be think '' oh , there 's that ditch abby. be talkin ' about " , bam , I fall . in . . lee _ what happen ? _ abernathy , . . ' what , with Z0é* the cat ?.. nothing . if I fall in that fuckin’ thing , they would of have to helicopter I out of there . Zoé just land on she foot . - but ' then later , I start feel a little bad about . myself . Zoé fall in the ditch and it 's nothin’ . we be laugh about it . if I fall , I probably would of be fuckin’ paralyze . lee oh honey , you can not think like that . we all have we individual talent , that just happen to be one of Z706' . 99 . 100 . | } . . kim : : . - well , . physically speak ; : Z0 é be : _amaze . I mean agility , reflex , | : nimbleness , there 's few human being that . can. compete : with : Z0é on - that ' front . zob _ awww Kim , I , like - you ,'.too . - have say that , before you get . too envious of Z06 's prowess , be you be miss the. most , important wote . part of that story . you do not : fall in the ditch , Z0é do . = ose the other girl laugh , Zoé act miff . kim / Zoé even know there be a ditch there , because you tell she , and | : : she still fall in . so Lee 's right . ! : '' we all have we talent . , oo . . Zoé act irate . : zoe - '' hey , I resemble that remark : ( say like I resent . that remark ) + a . so. Kim , still pack a roscoe ? kim . . check it out , bitch . | " Zee bend down and look under the table . Kim lift she leave pant leg up and we sée she wear a pistol in a ankle holster . 0 zon | ms '' ( impressed ) : oh , nice one ; mate. | : lee what 's a roscoe ? zoe a roscoe 's a pistol . you carry a gun ? | | lee 101 . kim ' uh-huh . | , do : you : have 'a : license 's to carry it ? kim ._ ( sarcastically ) - yeah , when I become a seeret service agent , they give I a license . : be do not : know you -were 'a . '' the. other three . look : at : her. incrédulously .’.. / + 7 I do not say it . - top look at sir I . I do not say it , . : zob that 's Kim for ya’ , always takin 's '' the piss . dd a kim . : a . : I be always takin 's a what ? . | | : . - 208 : - do not hurt yourself , 's it 's ozbonic , oo _ mate . * : lee , . ( to abernathy ) , do - you know Kim carry a gun ? | | ~ - | abernathy | a xye . do I approve , no . do. I know , ' yes . - . woe : } oo : : kim : . look , I do not know what futuristic utopia you live in , but the world I live in , a bitch need a gun . . abernathy you can not get around the fact that . people who carry gun tend to . get . shot more than people who do not , 102 . ce the rim st gras on 4 and you can not get saround : the : fact , - that if I : go down : to. the ' laundry room in - my building at midnight enough time , /i - might geti-my ass rape . : lee - do not do you jaundry at midnight . 2 wo ekim ic oo fuck that ! I wanna do my laundry : whenever the fuck I wanna do my laundry . ted gt , abernathy . . there 's other thing ' you can carry other than a gun . peppér spray . motherfucker try to rape I , I do not wanna give he a skin rash . I wanna shut that nigga down . abernathy : _how ' bout a knife at least ? : kim you what happen to motherfucker 's - carry knife ... they get shot . . look , if . lever become ..a famous . actress , - I ’wo not : carry .a-gun . I ' 11 hire I a-.do-dirt-nigga , and he will carry the gun . and : when shit go . down , I ' 1l1 sit back and laugh . but . until that day ; «it 's Wild West motherfucker : — : ( to Zoe ) panee . : so Zo0é , you think about whatcha’ wanna do first ? a 8 " zoe * it just so happen : I know exactly what I wanna dos kim oh really , and what would that be ? " the girl laugh . 103 . ewe ? zoe to I there 's no : point of be in America unless you be gonna drive a '' Detroit umuscke car ; ' and I want to '' arive a dodge : charger , fuck I - swinging , ' ball 's out . es 2 " abernathy ° I guess we can talk to transpo , do it .hafta be a. dodge charger ? : zoe é it 's get to be a 1970 dodge charger with a 358 engine . - ' the girl bust out laugh . : kim and how in the fuck do you expect to do that ? . 20e no worry , mate , I get it all work out . she take out a local newspaper . _ zoe : when . I know I be gonna come here , I go :.on the net and find out the local newspaper 's here in tennesseé be the -lebanon News sentinel . so back - home ~~ ~~ I be sorry , where 's home , Australia ? : . both Kim and abernathy wince when Lee say the '' a '' word . - Zoé act mock angry . zob what do you mean by that , mate ? Lee be confuse . abernathy explain . Sao '' , an. aussie . - - 104 . _ > abernathy Z06 ' 's from New Zealand , and you never , I repeat never , call a Kiwi eae xin . that , be . unless you want you ass kick . wl es , bob . : it would be like - I callin " Kim African . ws lee : sorry . 208 that 's .okay , I be just take the . ' piss outta ya . ackland to answer you question . '' anyway , ) i° '' subscribe to the local paper about @ month ago . : now why in the fuck you wanna local vedneck newspaper in New Zealand ? . zoe ead pipe down and I will tell ya . - I have .. be gettin’ the paper for the last month , and I have be ' chéck the ~ classified in the back look at the car for-sale : so , ; as of yesterday , - for.sale , ' in this town , some guyissell he stéck 1970 dodge charger with a 358 engine , and a white paint job . . kim : and. you wanna : buy it ? / zoe a ' Kim , I may be stupid , but I be not bloody stupid . I want to say I want to buy it , so he will lot ime test drive it . a 1970 dodge charger with a-white paint 's job , that 's kowalski in . '' vanish '' '' Point '' , mate , it n's - a fuck classic . if I can get this guy to let I drive it without he , I nil blow the door off that bitch . 105 . 4 abernathy so what 's '' vanish Point 's ? bon , zoe : : what 's '' vanish . Point ? " '' Abby , - '' I '' suppose to be the illiterate one . it 's just one of the best american movie : evermade .. . . . kim : - . actually , 206 , inost . girl would not : : know '' vanish Point " . oo poe - / abernathy . .: : Excuse I , . most girl ? what be you two ? ° - yeah , well , «we be gearhead , of course we-watch it . ¥’all grow up watchin’ that '' pretty in pink '' shit ... : ' lee ; I like '' pretty in pink " . abernathy oe ° '' oh , so you do not watch John Hughes movie ? : - | . se '' cpa kim o£ course I do ; I ' mar ' girl . but I : ' also watch car shit , too . '' vanish Point '' , '' dirty Mary , crazy Larry '' , '' go - i n’60 ° second '' —- sthe réalone , : not ' that angelina sjolie bullshit . - a . . 208 . | . . - + we have a outdoor theatre in . . ackland that ' show '' vanish Point " , '' Big Wednesday '' , all the classic . , int - barn — day - jasper , the hillbilly who . own the tobacco road garbage farm ( that seem to be the only thing that grow ) , that the girl have drive to , open up the door to he barn . jasper - : '' there .. she be . : , 106 . all four of the lady take in the off screen sight . the other two be impressed , ' but the two motorhead be gobbsmack . > ( to herself with a black rhythm ) . now , that 's what I ‘m.talkin ' 's about . zoe . ( in she Kiwi . rhythm ) that 's what I '' talkin ' about . we see what they see ; | a totally bad ass White dodge charger straight out of the ' Movie '' vanish Point '' . time cur what they see . : they pop the hood , we look up at the two gixl . they like we see what they see , a beautiful engine , that , gearhead that they be , sget they wet . . back to the two girl . _ this shit 's off the fuckin’ hook . ae 208 fuckin 's legendary , mate . time CUT ext . - barn . - day Lee , in . she short skirt cheerleader uniform , be asleep ina rusty patio furniture chair . abernathy . sit on three tire stack on top of each other . a , a ugly dog who look like he just escape a Korean kitchen , walk through frame . ; Zoé and Kim be haggling with ' jasper , £ 06 say to jasper . zoe if you all excuse we for . a moment , I have like to have a word in private with my business associate . 107 . _ jasper '' you lady take you time . kim what be you wait for ? - ask he _ to jet ya. drive it by yourself . zoe . I intend to : but first 1 need to _ ask you somethin’ . kim what ? '' - 208 : if he let we take it . out on we own . I wanna play ship mast . - Kim 's s- entire . demeanor change . kim ( loud ) awwww , hell no . Zon : . would you keep it down , big mouth . kim ai not no way , I be doin 's ship mast . - 208 oh for christsake , Kim -- / kim -- do not blaspheme . 208 sorry . kim now , what do you say after , the last time ? . * g08 . -~ look , I know what I say --- kim ~~ what -did-you-say ? zoe I know I say we should not do this again ~- -~ but '' 's - but my ass ; '' ' ou 's say i but when 's i. 108 . kim . naw , you do not say ; '' we should not " . you say , we be not ever gonna do that again , ' kim be we fever gonna play ship mast again , but ya 4186 say if 's you ever do , what you nre try to do now , to not only refuse , but that . I _~had permission : to physically '» xestrain you ass , ' 3 ; '' now , '' do you 's or do ' you not say if necessary . that ? Zo6 opens.her mouth : to weasel ' out of hs kim . naw naw naw naw , answer the question , motherfucker , do you or do you not say that ? ' or ao yes , I 'say it -- however —- _ Kim - nhold up she hand . whatever with you however 0 ) ' look , I know I say it . and I know I mean it . . . - kim ' damn skippy you mean 's it . zor '' a : say it , I 's do not mean in America . oe . ~ kim nigga ' please . zoe " no really ; I mean , we can never do ship mast again in New Zealand or Australia . 109 . i : . kim } 7 you be stth a liar . - . '' bor cy I know what I say , when I say it . * but when I say . it , I do not know I would ever come to America . - and when I say it , if I have know I no come I . : to America and have the opportunity | . : to play ship mast on the fuck vanish Point charger , , I would of add a however ... right ? . my . . | okay , oddly enough , I .actually a . _ understood that . however , .just | : . : '' | * " because you talk yourself into : poor - some stupid shit , do not . mean ive. . . lose my goddamn mind . you need two people to play ship mast , and ' i. be not play . ls 208 . I will be you best friend . | | i : : : kim , J I do not need I no best friend that life on the other side of . planet earth . a i oo ; 208 | : : : i‘1l crack you back . . : kim you will crack it anyway . '' zoe . . of course I would , but now , while I '' here , I will be you back crack slave . anytime you want it , ya get it , you do not even hafta ask for it . you can order I to do it . just say ; '' bitch , git over ~ here ' and get busy '' . | Kim think about . this a moment . +. then make a deal . kim you crack my back , you give I foot massage , and after a shower , you put moisturizer oh my butt . 110 . i / : . zoe deal . i they shake on it . the two gift ' walk over ‘to abérnathy , the sleep Lee be - in the b.g.. : ' zoe ae . so we be gonna see if this . guy ' 11 let we take the car out without he . if he do , you stay here ' with Lee , and we will be back . in a bit . . ° : . abernathy what ? aot will — — . Zoe : : : I say ; we be gonna see if this guy 'il let we take the car out with —- ' abernathy ~~ I hear what you say , I just can not believe what you say . you know , you two get some fuckin 's ball . | : zoe what ? 7 abernathy do not play dumbass with I . I have be up all night . I be still a little drunk , and i_have a. . . hangover . I should be in my hotel : . room asleep , not fuck around here on tobacco Road . but because Zoé want to drive some fuck '' vanish Point '' car , I '' here .. now you two get the ball to ask I ~~ no scratch that -- tell.me , . I gotta make conversation with Tom joad , while the cool kid get to go out and play ? bullshit on that . kim it be not like that . abernathy then what 's it like , Kim ? 1li. zoe - . you guy be we collateral . he 's not gonna go for it if we all go . abernathy oe oo - you know , I really think one human . be will be collateral enough . | | i zoe you be not gonna ' wanna do what — S we 's be doin’ . : - , . abernathy '' = what , '' drive a car ? . zoe . : we be doin’ mote than that .. . . abernathy what , drive it fast ?: | | | | : '' 208 . we 're. doin’ more than that . '' kim actually , we be . pay you . a . compliment , cause we be : gonna do some stupid shit . but that 's okay , cause we ‘’re stunt people , we ain not get good sense . but you . get : good sense , and anybody with good sense , be not gonna wanna do what we be i doin’ . . ' abernathy how do . '' you know I do not. want to do it ? : po oo '' 08 _ Cause you 's be a mom . vue kim yeah . : ne . : / 112 , | . : abernathy / you know ; : we nre suppose to be this as big '' posse " ; fe in — ( she make quote 's ' og os invthe air ) ~ ° _ but . that 's the éxcugé you guy use whenever you watt to 's excludé I _ from something . so what be it you two daredevils be do , that , I be just so uncool ; I - €a not possibly understand ? zob ( under she breath ) : . you know , since we be kinda con this guy , maybe '' it 's best we , do not go in . detail about : ' it , while 's he 's mh : > watchin " ..us . * besides , he 's : . _ probably not : gonna let we doit '' anyway . * . i | | . . '' abernathy '' okay , how about this ? i° 1 ] talk . he into it . but if be talk he into it , I go along . | i . kim . how you gonna ' do that ? abernathy : : that 's my problem ... but do not | . . ' worry , he will say ; yes . . zoe : what be you gonna do , blow ‘em ? | . she make a face ... : abernathy no !.... | a sy + face go away . | 's " abernathy +++i '' -. gonna insinuate that Lee 's ~ gonna blow ‘em . all three girl burst out laugh . Kim do she Sam Jackson pimp laugh . . abernathy ' not really , but let I handle it . we. get a feal ? kim : okay , listen up , ' mommy ; if you be gonna hang with the : cool kid , you - get - to- be-cool . = we :take you along , you do not ' say shit . 's you do not even say , crap .... ¥ou just sit in the _ back , ' and . I do not. wanna ' hear a peep outta you -ass ... you understand ? abernathy be happy , she cool friend be let she play with they . . cie abernathy — get it . |» 1 '' kim : I be serious now , you start naggin 's '' we , we be pullin’ over to the side of the road , . kickin ! you ass out , and pickin ' you up later . oo abernathy agreed . bola aa okay , go work you magic . abernathy walk over to the hillbilly . -aberna 's hello , sir . ' she stick she hand out , he shake it . | jasper hello . : abernathy what 's your*name ? . jasper jasper . hello , jasper , .. I '' abernathy —- jasper aber - what ? abernathy abernathy -~ . she start to continue ... 113. a ew a : 44a , jasper " what your. first. name ? 4 abernathy . . : . that be my first name . ~-.... | | | she start to céntinue ... - jasper what kind of first name be that ? abernathy I will tell ya what , just ... | call I Abby . . jasper _ okay , Abby . abernathy jasper . ++ we be . wonder , if my ' friend and I could . take the car out . for a little test drive on we own ; you know just to see if we be comfortable in it . ~ jasper why would i. do somethin’ stupid like that ?- : " abernathy : . oo to better sell you automobile . jasper how do I know y‘all be not just gonna ' steal it ?~ | *o abernathy four reason actually . one , we be . | : not thief , two , that would be rude . Three , we be stay at the day Inn in town and you can call the hotel and , check . ith the : : inanagement we be register | for the '' : next month --. actually Zoé 's not , ' but Kim and I ‘are , so. we be totally ' trackdownable —~ jasper who 's Kim , the color girl ? 115 . . abernathy yes ... Kim be the girl of color . and reason number four - — " and the most important -- while we be take the car out for a little '' spin , that 's 1i give ' you a better opportunity to get acquainted with we other friend , Lee . . : she do kind of a ta-ta presentation of the sleep Lee . jasper look . ee jasper '' : why do she look kinda familiar ? abernathy that would be because she 's a- famous actress . . -- she - hold ‘ap the alluré Magazine , open to Lee 's article . jasper take it , ' look at it , then at she , then to abernathy . jasper : why she dress like that ? abernathy well you see , we be make a Hollywood movie in town , and it 's a | .. cheerleadermovie , and she 's one of the cheerleader . . : jasper what 's a cheerleader movie ? abernathy a movie about cheerleader . . so jasper be it 'a porno movie ? abernathy start to say no , then change it to ; . abernathy ~ yes it be . but do not . ' mention it , she 's shy . : jasper what 's the name of the movie ? abernathy - '' cheer up in Texas . '' ail naa '' nw '' 116 . jasper this be Tennessee . abernathy ... sau tte ety it be cheaper to shoot here . you __ know , not . promise anything : mind ; '' you , but you actually look like |. Lee 's last boyfriend . she dig you type . rug ee jasper : '' what type be that , the no neck type ? | the bt to . '' 0 . abernathy . wed with pretty girl , you never know , . jasper. oe jasper she 's asleep . . _ abernathy oh , 's we will wake she up . cur to insert a key be turn in the ignition . the. charger roar to life . waking up the sleep cheerleader .~ the three other girl be in the car . | abernathy ( yell out the car . door window ) lak gas afoqher Lee this be jasper , . jasper , Lee , you ; two kid stay out of trouble . q like that old commercial , Kim yell ; . kim : hak 6 hey good lookin’ , nbe back to . pick : you up later . . fe * ' they peel out ina shower of gravel . Lee look up at jasper stand over she . : lee gulp . 17 . eg ext - backroad highway — day the vanish Point charger drive down the lone country road , cut through the forest . Inside be the three girl . Kim ' behind the wheel , Zoé in the passenger ' seat , and abernathy in the back . Zoe begin prepare for '' ship mast '' : abernathy ask question but 's be tell .to shut. up . Zo0é . take she belt off , and ask abernathy : for hers . she then wrap 's both . belt around the car door window on both side . : : then shimmy out of the passenger car door window up onto . the charger roof . '' : ' a shocked abernathy start to , say something and Kim cut she to the quick . . '' oe . ' as Kim speed down the road , Z06 sit on the roof . she then lower herself down the windshield on to the. hood . = _ Kim drive look past 206 's ass . ' Zo on the hood find the belt on the passenger side and ~ hang on to '' it with she right hand . then - Kim help she . get a hold of the belt on the driver side ... ' + + sthen once Zoé have both belt in she hand , she lower on she back all the way down the hood , till she knee be over . the hood , and she heel rest on : the fender ... then with she arm stretch out , ' and she leg spread eagle , lay flat on the charger hodd like a human hood ornament , or a ... '' ship ' mast '' ...° 7 she nod she head forward ... '' ++- which be Kim 's cue to punch it ... the muscle car speed down the road with 's the crazy Kiwi on the hood , laugh she ass off ... cur to | . . voy | 118 , cu stuntman mike w/ binoculars : ' oe noa he lower the speck . from he face . this be as close to flabbergasted as stuntman Mike ever get and the cause of _his flabbergastation be the two.bad.ass..stuntchicks who ... _ apparently like to play as rough as he do . he look around ... _tse the girl know how.to have an-uninterrupted time :... there 's nobody around . '' they be in the middlé of vast Nowheresville . 's , stuntman Mike climb in he car : and start she up . she roar to rumbling life . he buckle all he buckle , as ... +- shis foot revs the gas . and the other to the wheel ... and ... when he 's safe and securé , one hand go to the gear , shift ++- he take off after they . back tire kick up grass and sod as the tire spin to . life , before connect with asphalt . : once she hit the highway , she straighten out and power / swim like a shark . rubber to road like a fin through . the : water . through the windshield . come up fast behind the girl car . the girl car . the trio be oblivious . 208 be laugh in daredevil ecstasy . kim . ; be catch up in the adrenaline . ' abernathy 3 can not believe what the fuck she 's see , but after be frighten , she 's slowly start to let go and enjoy the moment . her shocked mouth slowly turn into a smile . stuniman mike so be he . the grill of he car come up fast . 119 , a abernathy . : . J . something make she look behind she . abby' Pov . : , ao teagan stuntman Mike ns. badass ' muscle car , coit at she at 120 . mile a hour . ~ a abernathy : to . | . see it 's the same car that be at the Party store and the | | same guy who brush . she foot behind the wheel ' comin’ up at 120 mile a hour , '' - 5 seal : ~ : ++- and they will crash . | ' abernathy fon , : . ( to herself ) | . : - oh my god. . : : kim be : eye go . up to the rearview . rearview mirror . .car speed to ram from behind . | | | kim what the fuck -- '' sy - i 7 stuntman Mike 's grill crash into the girl . ass ... '' 4 . . bam ! stuntman Mike 's car hit they with such force , that . '' abernathy be propel from the backseat , through the space in the front seat between the driver and passenger seat , crash hard into the dashboard . : . zoe : - , . feel the car lurch and shake , but do not let loose of the belt . : . L stuntman mike foot press the brake . we see from he windshield , the girl car shoot ahead . | " kim . : | see in the rearview mirror the car fall back . stuntman mike 's. foot hit the gas . ony his car shoot forward head for another crash 's on ' the ag girl ass . | | | - stuntman mike - in . the front . seat watch in horror , but there 's not a goddamn thing they can do . . : : 120 . kim . . watch it in the rearview . wait for impact , yee haw , wait for impact .. crash ! Zo6 's hand be . jerk loose from one of the belt ..- as she start to slide off the hood , she quickly flip over on she belly , and grab the frame between . the hood and the : windshield , like a cat on a tree . zoe . oo ss look up and lock eye with Kim . : 205 . what the. fuckin " hell !:. - then she. see what 's up . stuntman Mike 's car start to pull along side the girl car . . he swerve he car~into theirs . Zoé be literally yank from she perch , and do a 180 twirl and slide . she 's now face the opposite way , head . towards the grill , foot towards the windshield . - with no - - hand hold per sei , she begin to slowly slide towards the grill .. kim and abernathy stuntman mike see it , too . he know the next hit will be the death - blow , and he want it to be just right . so he fall .. back ' . much further this time . kim . see this , she know , what 's come . stuntman mike hit the gas . speedometer . _ . jump . kim he 's come up fast in the rearview . she have no choice ... she 's get to out race he | / _ zoe 4 eola : : 's have now reach the end ‘of the hood ... 121. she hit the gas ... and the chase be ‘on . zoe a . sipaiey wind in she face , be try to stdép the slide , but ' she’ keep inching closer to the edge ... : kim : oo . be do the drive of she life , keep the car steady so not to shake Z06 , and still keep ahead of Mike 's car . Kim scream ‘to '' Abby ; . '' : kim get my gun , it 's on my leave foot . as we ' cut back and forth between the two car ... - - 'es Abby try to reach the gun , but can not do it as Kim o. drive , without fuck she up .. . abernathy I can not ! / kim fuck ! ' stuntman mike find himself in a different situation . both car may look bad ass , but the girl charger have more under the . hood than he . and Kim just may be a better driver . he 's chase after '' she , he 's on she ass , but he can not quite catch she to smash she . ++. she see the asphalt of the highway speed under she . - she grab hold of the hood ornament , with one ‘hand , and as she upper body begin to fold over the side , she brace herself by push against the fender with she other hand , thus stop she slow slide . ° , will she continue slide off ? no . be she position : precarious as hell ? yes . will a slight bump send she over the side ? Hell yeah ! 122. abernathy both hand out in front , brace themselves on the dash , a little blood trickle from she scalp ; be literally petrify , with she ' front row seat view - of ' Zoé hang half on half off they car ag it go eighty mile a hour , : suddenly the paved road open up into a big clear . a barn be off to the side . a pile of : rubbish . and a big field of tall grass . . ' it opené up so wide , stuntman Mike can get beside they , and clip they on the girl leave side . mo - the dodge charger spin out ' like a steel and chrome muscle dreidel , whipping around a full three revolution . ' b06 be send fly from the hood : tall grass Zoé as if shot from a gun that use New Zealand woman as - ammo , sail over the grass , finally crash deep in the brush . her fall be obstruct from view . '' the charger skid to a stop . for a moment the girl sit shell shocked . stuntman Mike have stop , too . he look at the girl . he 's think maybe he should let this girl be . when Kim turn and see he and he car stop . she yank ' the pistol out of she ankle holster , bring it up and fire at he . the bullet hit he right in the shoulder . he streamis at 's the explosion in he body . like a cowardly dog , he hit the gas : and drive off . both girl look straight . ahead , theix windshield point __ directly at the tall grass . they heartsready to explodé over they friend fate . when ... + + + Z06 's figure way in the background , leap up for a moment ' above ' the grass and she say ; | ~ zoe I be okay . kim and abernathy both break out in relieved laughter . 1 | / | | abernathy roll she eye , put she hand up in the air . mo , abernathy | will - of coursé she be , what be ry , think ! . : ; 208 walk out of the grass and up to the girl . '' 208 ee whew ! now that be 'a close one . - _ bitch ; you like ' to give I 'a heart 's . attack . '' nos : zoe vos where 's the fuckin’ maniac ? a kim . >. tt shot he ass and he sped off . Kim and Zo look at each other . zoe : wanna catch ‘em ? . kim Hell yeah ! ( she turn to ae abernathy ) get out , honey . abernathy . . . fuck that , let 's kill this bastard . 206 see something . zoe wait a minute . 's she run over to the . junk ' pile , and n pull out a heavy ' duty piece of pipe . then hop in the back . ~~! coe Kim speed off after Mike . stuntman mike he struggle with he right .arm to get at he glove box . 123 , se N 124 . he finally do and take out a bottle of four rose whiskey . he spin off the cap with he thumb , and take a big down the hatch swig . : ' : as the neck of the bottle be in he ' mouth , he eye go to - the rearview mirror , and he see Kim 's charger head at . he stop car nat full speed ... before he can remove 's the bottle ... se 3 + + sbam ! no longer hold tight by the restraint , he face smashes _ into the steering wheel with the bottlé in the middle : everything : but : the steering wheel shatter . the car be send fly . stuntman Mike scream in agony . _with he face smashed and bleed , with a glass stick out of he face and neck , he see Kim start she stall car to ram he again . he frantically start he car and peel out in flee _ terror . the girl be hot on he trail . girl car '' in hot pursuit . Zo0é in the back say : zoe : I nve get a idea , abernathy , giv : I that belt . abernathy do . Zoé start wrapping it around she waist . . chase back and forth . once the -belt 's on ; 1 zoe Abby , I need you 'to get in the . ' back . '' she do . . 20 B ' now Kim , . I need you : to pull up ' along side of he on you side , then pull ahead of he , but keep to he right ! ) Kim start do this . , stuntman mike right . . see the girl charger , move up along side of he on the the two car be parallel . Kim and ' stuntman Mike share a look . role reverse , she 's : scar and shake , she 's the cat play with the mouse . '' the girl car pull ahead . - 208 now when I tell ya , hit the brake , got. it ? eg kim get it . hit it ! : Z06 open the back seat car door . . 208 rim. foot stomp . on ' the : brake . the tire lock . - stuntman mike : - see he 's head right for the back car door ... +. - wham ... ++ she take it right off clean as a whistle . % oé , who now have not abernathy ; any backseat car door , say to : zob now abernathy , I need you .to hold on to the back of my belt for dear life , can you do that ? : yes . abernathy 125 . | | | 126 . - 208 : do not say yes if you can not 'do it . '' abernathy : es _ you be not go ' anywhere ; mate mey : zoe ud that 's what . I wanna hear . pick up the lead pipe , she say to Kim ; zoe . now Kim , . I neediyou to . get I parallel with he back tire . * Kim pull up along side of shim . at fe '' £08 with the pipe raise like a whale harpoon , abernathy . ' with one hand hold onto to - Zoé 's belt , and the other arm wrap around the seat . . the spin back wheel of the stuntman 's car come into frame next to the open backseat doorway . . zoe you ready , Abby ? abernathy ready . - Zo harpoon the pipe into the wheel well , then quickly let go . . '' stuntman Mike 's right back tire lock up , and he tail , go up in the air , and he flip end over end down the highway , smash the fuck shit out of the car . Kim stop the car , and the girl watch the show . inside vehicle : stuntman Mike , now with a immobile right arm , and no longer wear he seat belt , be toss around the cab , busting , crashing and smashing into everything . when the car finally stop , it 's upside down . Inside . the wreck vehicle , stuntman Mike be not dead but he 's totally bust , break , and helpless . '' cu stuntman mike . upside down . he see in upside down vision . the girl stop car . then he see the door open , then he see the three girl foot climb out of the car and - hit the pavement . ne 127 . then he see the three pair of foot walk towards he . he 's completely helpless . they . jerk he driver side door open , and roughly yank he bust up ass out of the vehicle . yanking he up on to he foot , while pound music blare on the soundtrack , the -three girl : with they fist , beat he to death . ' when he hit the red asphalt , stuntman Mike be no more . '' once he hit the ground , with the three girl stand over the film freeze frame like ' a old school ' kung fu film that end at the death blow . ° a cheesy White optical '' the end '' pop up on the screen . '' and without anymore to do , '' death . proof '' be over .