death to smoochy by Adam resnick December 2000 early draft for educational purpose only begin credit ext . kidnet studio -c - evening a man in a puffy foam - rubber rhinoceros costume dance under the bright friendly light of a television studio . another rhino and various foam -rubber animal dance behind he to the happy music . the rhino finish he number and take a bow . a bleacher full of kid burst into wild applause . int . backstage - moment later after the taping . the rhino lumber down the hallway toward wardrobe . he be suddenly grab by two large man and drag out through the exit into ... int . dark parking garage ... where several thug in overcoat emerge from the shadow and start beat he with lead pipe . one of the man pull out a gun and shoot the rhino several time . the shot reverberate through the empty garage . final credit : CUT to black : superimpose : one year earlier fade up on : int . television studio - day it 's the taping of another child 's show -- " rainbow randolph and the krinkle kid . " randolph smiley , a clean - cut man with a happy face and yellow bow tie , dance through rainbowland with the " krinkle kid " ( little people in top hat ) . he sing one of he signature song : " Friends come in all size . " one of the main krinkle kid -- angelo pike -- dance behind he . randolph ( sing ) ' Friends come in all size that 's a fact ! it 's true ! all color of the rainbow from mauve to Blue ... ( more ) ( continued ) 2 . continued : randolph ( cont 'd ) they name may not be different and they shoe may not match one might say ' grasp ' while the other say ' snatch ' some like to toss while other like to caaaaatch ... beeee - caaaause ... Friends come in all size take it from I ! golly gee ! size never matter when you want some friendly patter from a pal who be true and can lift you when you be blue you can count on he and he can count on yoooouuuu ! it 's true ... that ... ( big finish ) Friends come in all size ! ' dissolve to : montage - rainbow randolph merchandise " sugar rainbow cereal , " plastic toy line up on store shelf , kid play with randolph doll , kid eat " rainbow potato chip " and " rainbow candy . " a " rainbow burster , " a kind of gun that shoot plastic rainbow . marquee announce upcoming live appearance , etc . we get the picture . rainbow randolph be the king of the kid show . int . dimly - lit bar - night a suburban-look husband and wife enter . they find rainbow randolph sit alone , drink a scotch . Hair slicked back , san bow tie , the friendly face no longer look so friendly . he nod for they to sit down . after a nervous beat , the husband put a briefcase on the table and slide it to randolph . randolph take a gulp of he scotch . he unsnap the briefcase and open it . five grand stare he in the face . husband so ... uh ... you will make sure my boy dance up front , right ? where he will get the most camera time ? randolph slam the briefcase shut , startling the couple . randolph you want you kid on the show ? ( continued ) 3. continued : husband of ... of course . wife yes , very much . randolph then do not tell I how to run my fuck business . husband no , no , we be just -- randolph rise . he take a final gulp of he scotch and pick up the briefcase . randolph I will call you if a spot open up . he start to walk off . suddenly , the husband and wife jump up from the table hold gun . husband freeze , you cocksucker ! wife Drop the briefcase ! Federal agent storm into the bar and surround randolph . ext . time square - dawn bundle of the morning edition be toss onto the curb from pass truck . the various headline blare : " rainbow randolph busted accepting bribe " " fcc probe kid show biz " " corruption in krinkleland " int . television studio - day the rainbow randolph / krinkle kid set be be dismantle . backdrop be roll up and the giant rainbow centerpiece be wheeled off . worker with push broom sweep up ton of glittery " magic rainbow dust . " int . network boardroom - kidnet - day we be tight on the sweat face of a man who look like he 's about to be execute . CUT back to : 4. stoke be stand at the end of a long conference table as the network brass glare at he . stoke ( address the brass ) gentlemen , let I be the first to say , in all sobriety , that I be as shocked and outrage as all of -- the network ceo , a hog of a man , cut he off . ceo save it for the papers , Stokes . we have get nervous sponsor and a angry public -- a combination uglier than two monkey fuck . what be you do about it ? stoke well , sir , I be currently in the process of compile a list of viable replacement and it 's my hope ... ceo clean replacement ? with background check ? I assure you , Mr. Stokes , this network cannot survive another rainbow randolph . the goddamn p.r. department look like the Jim Jones camp . another executive chime in . executive # 1 remember , Stokes , this be you dog that crap on we rug . executive # 2 we trust you , Frank . and now we be in a tight spot . we have to post we quarterly earning next month , for Christ 's sake . ceo whoever take that slot have to be a straight arrow . clean as a whistle . executive # 3 right . someone who will take the heat off . one of that sweater type . any chance of luring Fred Rogers away from p.b.s .? ( continued ) 5 . continued : executive # 4 yeah , if we back up the brink truck . executive # 1 no way . the idea now be to stop the hemorrhage . executive # 2 you better fix this , Stokes . get we a white bread replacement , fast . bland , milk toast . not a speck of controversy . a giant hand slam on the table . all head snap . the ceo drag he finger along the shiny mahogany . deafen sound . ceo ( calm and measure ) squeaky fuck clean . int . stoke ' office - day Stokes sit behind he mahogany desk , sip a glass of wine as he go over potential randolph replacement with nora bishop , he pretty protege . stoke bumble bee billy ? nora ( read from a list ) wife beater . stoke Square dance Danny ? nora still appeal the mail fraud thing . stoke skippy Black and the tippy troll ? nora Black be deport , and the troll ... well , who give a shit . nora kick the table in frustration . ( continued ) 6 . continued : nora this be impossible . if I ever see that rainbow randolph again I will strangle he . choke the life out of he . squeeze he scrawny neck until he eye pop out of he skull and bounce off the wall ... stoke before indulge such cheery fantasy , let 's just concentrate on save my job . shall we ? nora sorry , Frank . Stokes flip through a thick stack of file . he suddenly stop at one . stoke what 's go on with sheldon mope this day . nora laugh . nora oh my God . have we sink to that level already ? smoochy the Rhino ? what a sap . stoke sap 's just the pill we need right now . mope be a straight arrow . always have be . nora the guy can not get arrest , Frank . he can not even break into the birthday party circuit . last I hear he be work hospital and nursing home . he 's a joke . Stokes stand up and walk around the room . stoke the truth of the matter be , a successful child 's show have always depend on two simple element : a fuzzy costume and a lot of hype . Strip away the foam rubber and the network money and they be all joke . marginal talent .. cabaret act ... off - Broadway runoff ... ( continued ) 7. continued : nora I probably have ten act in my development file -- act I have be cultivate -- that be more deserve than sheldon mope . stoke and each one a moral question mark . something I can not risk at the moment . nora ( frustrated ) we can do better than this guy , Frank . he bring nothing to the table . stoke except ethic . with mope , there 's never be a whiff of controversy . the man 's a ethical , harmless , cornball . in short , a glass of milk on two leg . Stokes stop pace . nora do not ask I to do it . you know I will do anything for you , but please ... not this ... Stokes gaze out the window at the city . stoke go find smoochy . ext . coney island - early evening the light ferris wheel spin CENTER frame . we crane down and eventually land on a side street with the amusement park loom in the b.g. we be in front of a small building . the half - light neon sign read : coney island methadone CENTER . we drift through the double door through the reception area where random junky loiter and fill out paperwork . we continue down a narrow hallway as the faint sound of someone singing and play the guitar increase . we finally burst through another set of door mark " treatment room . " the sing now fill we ear as we push in on the " performer " -- a big , puffy , orange rhinoceros . smoochy . or to be more specific , sheldon mope . ( continued ) 8. continued : smoochy sit on a stool with he guitar and sing to the patient as they stand in line before a slide glass window , where a nurse hand each person a little cup of methadone which they immediately drink . the smoochy costume be a mass of misshapen orange foam rubber that expose sheldon 's paint face in the front . a multi-color horn protrude from he forehead . smoochy ( sheldon ) ( sing to the tune of ' she will be comin ' round the Mountain ' ) ' we will get that monkey off you back , yes we will , yes we will we will get that monkey off you back , yes we will ... ' ' we will get that monkey off you back and get you life right back on track if you will just give up the smack yes you will , yes you will !!' the song end . a few baffle junky applaud . smoochy thanks , fella . I be root for you ! we pan away from sheldon to the exit . stand there in she coat , look mortify , be nora . int . reception area - short while later nora sit in the reception area . sheldon emerge in he street clothes . he carry smoochy 's body on a hanger over he shoulder and carry a large shopping bag which hold smoochy 's head . nora Mr. mope ? sheldon stop . sheldon yeah ? ( continued ) 9 . continued : nora I , uh , see you performance tonight . very ... ( search ) ... spirite . sheldon really ? thanks . I would have do a longer set if that guy have not pull a knife on the security guard . once the pepper spray start flyin' , that 's it for the encore . nora yes , that do put a damper on the evening , do not it ? sheldon be you a new patient ? on the juice , as we say ? nora ah , no . but it 's sweet of you to assume so . she hand he she card . he read it . sheldon ' nora Bishop . v.p. of development . kidnet . ' ( to nora ) good gravy . you work for kidnet ? nora as state . sheldon grab she hand and shake it . sheldon well , it 's a pleasure to meet you , nora . a real honor . hey , you hungry ? ext . coney island boardwalk - nathan be hot dog - short while later sheldon and nora stand at the crowded counter at Nathan 's . sheldon ravenously eat he sloppily - garnish , oddly color hot dog . nora wince as she watch he . ( continued ) 10 . continued : sheldon ( with full mouth ) soy dog ... never think I would live to see the day . organic , rich in natural protein , and nobody get kill . although I do feel bad for the bean . just kid . sure you do not want one ? nora believe it or not , no . he take another bite . sheldon so anyway , like I be say , people always tell I , ' you gotta network , sheldon ... you gotta sell yourself ... or you will be play the drug clinic and shopping center the rest of you life . ' and you know what I tell them ? nora I have not the foggiest . sheldon I tell them , it 's not about the old handshake and back slap game . it 's not about add fuel to the shlock machine . it 's about do good work . have integrity . make people happy and deliver a positive message . foundation be build with concrete , not plaster of Paris ! he pull the stain , misshapen smoochy head from the shopping bag . sheldon this be concrete ! this be integrity ! nora ( calmly ) I can see that . sheldon realize he voice be get too loud . sheldon sorry . as you can imagine , live by you conviction can be a little stressful at time . ( continued ) 11 . continued : nora we all have we cross to bear . sheldon see , I be raise by my grandfather , and grandpop paved driveway for a live ... nora be we go into a story ? sheldon thing be , he do not really pave they . just cover they with black paint . of course , once the first rain come along , people realize they would be swindle . I vow to myself back then that I would never make a live through deception . never . whadda ya think of they apple ? nora look glassy - eye . she take a deep breath . nora the reason I be here today , Mr. mope , as fate would have it , kidnet be currently look for a performer with ... conviction . and integrity . someone like ... she almost choke on the word . nora ... yourself . sheldon laugh . sheldon yeah , right . get any more joke ? nora I do not think I could top that one . sheldon hold the phone . you be tell I that kidnet be finally ready to do a show of smoochy quality ? of smoochy caliber ? ( continued ) 12 . continued : nora ( dryly ) yes ... I believe we be ready to push ourselves to that level . sheldon I know this day would come ! after all this year I finally meet someone in the business who get what I do . who get what I be all about . you get I , do not you , nora ? nora I be afraid so . sheldon well , miss v.p. of development ... let 's go make history ! CUT to : prep montage kidnet studio wardrobe room . a team of designer and seamstress cut , sew and shape endless sheet of orange foam rubber . sheldon stand on a wooden box as he 's measure from head to toe . on the wall be a blueprint label " smoochy the Rhino -- redesign . " a costume designer walk over with the new smoochy head and place it on sheldon . as seamstress fit he with the new smoochy costume , various sign and billboard float through the frame , trumpete copy like : " it's almost smoochy time ! " " get ready to be smooched , america ! " " only two more week till smoochy ! " kidnet studio - c. set , prop , and camera equipment be roll into the studio . through a series of dissolves we see the smoochyland Magic jungle take shape . kidnet studio -c - later a choreographer map out a number for smoochy and the " rhinettes . " ( the rhinettes be the former krinkle kid little people with horn strapped to they forehead . ) ( continued ) 13 . continued : nora and Stokes watch from the wing with a mixture of uncertainty and disgust . dissolve back to : wardrobe room a seamstress zip up the back of the finish , redesign smoochy costume . sheldon stand proudly before the design team . smoochy be now television ready : smoothe out , more colorful , less lumpy and exude sunshiny happiness . dissolve to : studio -c - backstage smoochy be about to enter with the rhinettes . angelo , a former krinkle kid , stand beside he . smoochy angelo , you be always my favorite krinkle kid . the way you would click you heel during the ' jellybean jam . ' Real artistry . I be honore to have you as a rhinette . angelo a job 's a job . studio -c - practice taping suddenly light up in all its multi-color smoochyland glory . the bleacher be full of child . announcer ( o.s. ) hey , kid ! who 's you favorite rhino ? the kid in the bleacher all scream in unison . kide smoochy ! smoochy bound out on stage follow by the rhinettes who form a dance circle around he . smoochy hiya , kid ! ( continued ) 14 . continued : kide hi , smoochy ! smoochy it 's gonna be a fantabulous day in smoochyland !! the kid cheer as smoochy and the rhinettes feature angelo Pike , go into they " it 's a fantabulous Day in smoochyland " number -- a catchy , bouncy song and dance routine that play out in the sugar- coat jungle of smoochyland . smoochy ( sing ) ' ohhhh ... it 's a fantabulous day in smoochy -land / let 's have a great big cheer for the smoochy -land band / we will dance with we jungle pal , will not that be grand / oh , it 's a fantabulous day in smoochy - land ! ' smoochy dance right up to the camera , filling the frame with he friendly , puffy face . end of prep montage . ext . dock by river - night ( pouring rain ) a dishevel randolph pace on a desert dock . the Brooklyn Bridge loom in the b.g. a car pull up in the b.g. Stokes get out . randolph move under a awning . randolph I be start to think that maybe you be not come . stoke I agree to meet you , do not I ? I have a dinner engagement . randolph take a swig from a flask . randolph really ? you know , I use to have dinner engagement . sometimes four , five a night . dinner ... drink ... I be the toast of the fuck town . stoke do not start , randolph . please . ( continued ) 15 . continued : randolph ( voice rise ) Cars , boat , whore and horse , I have them all . when I walk into a restaurant , ten guy reach for my hat . when I stand up to take a piss , they clear the rest room . I would walk down the street and traffic stop , mouth gape . you know why ? you know why , Frank ? ( now shouting ) I be rainbow fuck randolph ! that 's why ! stoke be you through ? randolph what ? you be in a hurry ? you do not have time for I ? the guy who earn for you ? the guy who put that fuck suit on you back and the pheasant au vin in you Brooklyn mouth ? stoke I think it 's fair to say we help each other . randolph suddenly break down . randolph ( plead ) you gotta fix it , Frank . you gotta get I my slot back . he now cling to Stokes ' lapel . randolph how can I sit around while that rhinoceros ... that horn carpetbagger get a free ride on my dime ? you and I have history , Frank ! please ! Stokes pries randolph 's hand from he overcoat . stoke there 's nothing I can do for you . nothing . you be a pariah . I can not even be see with you . ( continued ) 16 . continued : randolph do not do this to I , Frank . I be in deep , deep shit . they kick I out of the corporate penthouse ... I get booky breathe down my neck . I be homeless ! do not you hear what I be say ? I be not gonna make it ! the clock 's tick ! put yourself in my shoe , for Christ 's sake ! stoke the ugly truth be , you shoe have become my shoe . as long as the rhino 's on the air , everything 's by the book . no skim , no percentage . nothing . the network want squeaky clean and they get it . and believe I , mope be sparkling . he look randolph squarely in the eye . stoke you be totally break ? you do not have a dime leave to you name ? randolph yes ! exactly ! that 's what I be try to tell you ! randolph look at he hopefully as Stokes straighten he tie . stoke do not contact I again , Randy . ever . Stokes walk off . randolph watch he disappear through the mist . randolph you will get yours , Frank ! the rhino too ! do you hear I ?! the wheel be turn ! Stokes be go . randolph take a swig from he flask and wipe he chin with he sleeve . he stare out at the river . randolph ( quietly to himself ) sooner or later , even a guy who 's squeaky clean fall into mud . thunder clap . 17 . ext . dock - high overhead shot of the dock as randolph stand alone before the river . fade out . fade in : int . nora bishop' office - close on little mechanical smoochy the rhino - day as it erratically limp forward before dropping out of frame . wider the wind - up smoochy lay upside - down on the carpet next to nora 's desk , leg grind lamely in the air . various smoochy item be spread out on she desk top . a restless - look sheldon and a few member of nora 's staff be in on the meeting . nora again , this be just prototype . I have be assure by funzone that all the bug will be work out before Christmas . sheldon raise he hand . nora ignore he and look at she watch . nora okay , so let 's recap before we break up ... ( refer to note ) yes to the smoochy ice pop . no to the smoochy string cheese . and we be in a dick -measure contest with Brown &amp ; Brown over the shampoo split . sheldon suddenly stand up . sheldon okay , time out , people ! if I may interject , I think we be put the cart before the horse here ... nora throw he a icy look . ( continued ) 18 . continued : sheldon smoochy 's still earning the trust of the kid . we do not want to compromise that by ask they to buy shampoo and cheese . how ' bout we just concentrate on do the best show possible . huh ? without all the bell and whistle and rickata-rackita . what do you say , guy ? nora casually pick up a smoochy frisbee from she desk and sail it toward the open door . it land in the hallway . nora ( monotone ) oh , damn . sheldon no problem , I will get it . he walk out to the hallway . nora ( to staffer ) shut the door please , John . John shut the door . nora now lock it . he lock it . nora thank you . ext . kidnet build - night nora emerge from the revolve door of the kidnet building which be locate in the heart of Times Square and head down Broadway . sheldon emerge from the building . sheldon hey , nora , wait up . she keep walk . sheldon catch up and walk alongside she , occasionally get jostle by passersby . ( continued ) 19 . continued : sheldon good meeting today . I think we tackle some hot issue . although , I will be honest , there be a few time that I feel my voice be not be hear . nora I think that 's a conservative estimate . sheldon I just want the show to have some weight , you know ? some substance . silly song , sure -- but with a message . pop quiz : how many original composition be in the smoochy songbook ? nora do you sense my complete lack of interest ? sheldon try two thousand . cover every topic from how yummy vegetable be to the importance of donate plasma . do not you get it , nora ? I be a valuable resource . use I . nora stop . she look sheldon in the eye for the first time . nora can I make this real easy for you ? sheldon sure . nora the only reason you be on tv right now be because rainbow randolph be a degenerate scumbag . I do not discover you , I deliver you . like a bag of grocery . I have a bigger emotional investment in my nail polish . so do not pedal you sap to I , rhino . you job be just to smile and nod you head . she walk off . 20 . int . patsy be - night sheldon sit at the bar in the restaurant , nursing a drink and talk to the bartender . he seem slightly drunk . sheldon ... no , no , you misunderstand I . it 's not that I be literally compare Captain kangaroo to Jesus Christ . I be just say that the Captain , like Christ , be someone you could believe in . that guy do not care about bell and whistle and rickita-rackata . it be all about the work . especially Jesus . forget about it . the bartender nod and start to pour sheldon another drink . sheldon ( wave he off ) that 's okay , my good man . Three 's my limit . bartender I never see anyone get load on orange juice before . sheldon back in my college day I could put away a carton of the stuff . a sharply - dress man , burke bennett , sit down next to sheldon . burke ( to bartender ) gimme a five Crown . the bartender nod . he look over at sheldon . burke smoochy the Rhino . wow . I be a big fan . sheldon ( flatter ) gee , thanks . I usually do not get recognize without my horn . burke extend he hand . burke burke bennett . I represent kid show talent . 21 . int . patsy be - short while later sheldon and burke now sit at a corner table . burke look , shel , Frank stroke be not in the business to make you rich . he 's in it to make Frank Stokes rich . that 's how this network goons operate . sheldon that 's so sad . be it just I , or be that sad ? burke you know , year ago , a client of mine , dicky gimble , be have a problem ... sheldon wow , you represent dicky gimble ? burke yeah , before the asshole find religion . anyway , Stokes be try to screw my boy out of some merchandise point . claim he have a warehouse full of dicky doll that be not move . now Frank and I be old friend , so I say to he , ' okay , cock , show I the warehouse ' -- see , I know the fuck warehouse be in the bronx , and I know it 's emptier than my wife 's head . ( chuckle ) to make a long story short , I walk out with a check for a hundred grand and Stokes be sit there with he thumb up he ass . burke laugh . sheldon that 's very amusing , but I do not care about smoochy doll and smoochy floor wax ... I just want more creative input . this rhino come from my womb . I bore he , I nurse he , and dammit ... he pound he fist on the table . ( continued ) 22 . continued : sheldon I should be the one who raise he ! burke shel , it 's all about the dough . after you get the money , you get the power . and after you get the power , you can have smoochy walk on stage with a hard - on if you want . sheldon it 's funny , that never cross my mind . burke downs the rest of he drink and stand up . burke unfortunately , until then ... you be just another puppet in the prop room . he hand sheldon he card . burke give I a call when you be ready , kid . I will cut the string and open the magic door for you . ext . patsy be - continuous action randolph peer through the restaurant 's front window . he shiver from the cold as he watch sheldon and burke shake hand . burke head for the exit . randolph quickly duck into the shadow . a moment later , burke exit the club and walk down the street . randolph pop out . randolph I see you ! I see you in there ... at my table ... talk to he . burke yeah , so what do you want ? a parade ? randolph you be my agent ! or do you forget that ? ( continued ) 23 . continued : burke not anymore , pal . you be a cigarette butt . go lay in the gutter . burke walk off . ext . alley - night in the litter - strewn alley , we pan across several grocery bag , break egg shell , flour bag , butter wrapper , mixing bowl and other baking ingredient . the pan end on randolph , who stand over a barrel fire , hold a spatula . a cookie sheet rest on the barrel . randolph remove the cookie sheet and gaze at it gleefully . we now see that the cookie be phallic-shape . randolph ah ! they be beautiful ! a perfect batch of cock cookie for a very special rhino . he set the tray aside . randolph oh yes , you be go to learn about shame , my dear smoochy . and I be you professor . he laugh . int . kidnet studio - stage B - day it 's thirty minute before a smoochy taping . dozen of giddy child be lead into the studio where they take seat on the bleacher . backstage sheldon , in the smoochy costume , san head , lumber up to nora . he hold a rundown for that day 's show . sheldon Excuse I , nora . why be the ' please and thank you song ' cut ? nora because it 's sappy and it take away from the ' Cookie song . ' ( continued ) 24 . continued : sheldon take away ? it enhance it ! the cookie song be a meaningless piece of fluff without the ' please and thank you ' coda ! that 's the moral anchor ! that 's where the lesson be ! you can not sell the sizzle without the steak ! nora it 's cut . and I want the ' Cookie song ' lyric change back to the way they be originally script . sheldon I can not do that . I will not condone child consume endless amount of refine sugar . I have to look myself in the mirror every morning . nora this be network television , not a sprout farm . we be here to sell sugar and plastic . that 's what keep the light on . sheldon you be treat I like a puppet . you know that ? well , guess what ? I be not you puppet . nora since when ? now get you spongy orange ass out there and dance for the camera . a angry sheldon storm off in frustration , but then stop . he look back at she . sheldon we have different eye , nora . when I go out there I see kid . you see wallet with pigtail . he move on . nora stare at he as he walk away . he obviously get to she . as sheldon head toward the studio , he do not notice the two beady eye stare at he from under the stairwell . after a beat , randolph emerge and slink backstage . he 's clutching a duffle bag . 25 . int . prop room - continuous action randolph sneak into the prop room and shut the door . he scurries over to the prop shelf and locate smoochy 's multicolor " magic cookie bag . " he open it and toss the cookie into the trash can . reaching into he pocket , he pull out he special homemade cookie . he chuckle as he dump they into the magic cookie bag . randolph bon soir , la smoochy . welcome to fatty arbuckle -land . he cackle to himself . he then notice a box in the corner of the room . scribble in magic marker on the side be the word : " rainbow randolph crap . " he walk over and pull the box out . he slowly open the flap . Inside be he old costume . he pull it out and clutches it lovingly . he smell it . the echoey SOUND of he theme song come flooding back to he for a moment , along with the sound of child laughing . randolph ( softly to himself ) do not worry , little one . rainbow randolph will return ... ( with rise anger ) after this message ! he hold up smoochy 's magic cookie bag . he then stuff he old costume into he duffle bag . int . studio B - later the " smoochy show " be in the middle of a taping . the smoochyland Band be play a fast , jazzy number ( " doin ' the jiggy Ziggy " ) as smoochy , the rhinettes , and several kid dance frenetically . the kid in the bleacher be in hysterics as smoochy shake he body spastically . the song finally end . the kid in the bleacher jump to they foot , cheer and applaud . smoochy Boy , all that jiggyin ' and ziggyin ' sure make a fella hungry ! now if only I have my super duper , super secret , super special ... the kid in the bleacher erupt in unison : kide Magic Cookie bag ! ( continued ) 26 . continued : smoochy right-o-riffic ! ( look skyward ) Magic Cookie bag , I command thee ! come to you lord and master ! the light dim as the smoochyland Band play the " 2001 theme . " smoochy 's Magic Cookie bag be lower from the ceiling by a filament wire . the kid go crazy . smoochy ( sing ) ' lookie , lookie , lookie , here come the cookie ! Fresh and organic , no need to panic ! right from the soil , no tropical oil ! sweeten with juice , for a energy boost ! fiber galore , you will be askin ' for more ... ' angle on nora she look piss , but then look over at the kid in the bleacher . they face be fill with laughter . for the first time she feel the connection smoochy have with they . angle on randolph he peer out from he hide place backstage . his eye widen with delight as the Magic Cookie bag continue its descent . angle on smoochy the cookie bag finally reach smoochy . he hold the bag high above he head in a religious ceremonial fashion as the rhinettes and the kid crowd around he . smoochy oooh ... just the smell of unprocessed flour make my tummy do somersault ! angle on randolph randolph ( under he breath ) whatever that mean , you fuck retard . ( continued ) 27 . continued : smoochy his puffy orange hand reach for the bag 's clasp as the music reach its crescendo . randolph he 's practically shaking as he suppress a insane laugh . randolph give them a cookie ... give them a cookie ... smoochy he reach into the bag , and with a grand flourish , pull out a flame red penis cookie . the cookie be somewhat misshapen and not perfectly form . smoochy get a big grin . smoochy wow ! look at this cookie , kid ! a rocket ship ! the kid " ooh " and " ahh . " angle on randolph he look confuse . sheldon what a special day with such special cookie ! back on smoochy smoochy pretend to " zoom " the penis cookie through the air . sheldon rrrrrrrr ! look at I , kid ! I be fly to the moon ! I be fly to Mars ! I be fly to -- randolph , whose face be now bright red , can not take it anymore . he run onto the stage . he grab the rocket cookie from smoochy . ( continued ) 28 . continued : randolph be you fuck blind ?! it 's a cock ! not a space ship ! cock ! cock ! int . stairwell - moment later Three burly kidnet security guard drag randolph down the stairwell . they beat the shit out of he and toss he through the exit door . int . frank stoke ' office - tight on new york post front page - day the headline read : " rainbow randolph interrupt smoochy taping . " the subhead read : " run onstage shout penis relate obscenity . " wide burke sit on the couch next to sheldon , read the paper . he shake he head in disgust . nora sit in a chair near Stokes . sheldon thank you all for come . I just want to iron out a few wrinkle I feel we be have in the communication department . no finger-point . Lord know when you start point finger , someone get poke in the eye . sheldon laugh . Stokes and nora sit stone - face . sheldon anyhoo , I would like to turn the floor over to my new agent , Mr. burke bennett . so ... heeeeeere 's burke ! sheldon applaud . burke stand . burke as you can imagine , my client have many concern , not the least of which be studio security , but we can address that later . he pat sheldon 's head like a dog . ( continued ) 29 . continued : burke see this guy , Frank ? take a good long look , ' cause this prick save you life . without he you would be sit in Kaplan 's right now , suck club soda through a paper straw . ( to nora ) and , you -- you would be organize puppet show for the brat at p.s. 86 . Excuse I , honey . nora there 's no excuse for you . sheldon man , I love club soda . sheldon laugh , try to lighten the mood . burke give he a affectionate slap . stoke we have always manage to come to some sort of arrangement , burke . why the firework ? burke ' Cause I be hold all the gunpowder . I represent the man who create , own , and control every square inch of smoochy the Rhino . burke pour himself a drink from Stokes ' private bar . burke God create Adam and what do he get ? a fuck dud . my guy ? he breathe life into a winner . and anyone who do a better job than God be gonna have a price . sheldon burke , of course , be in no way compare I to God . burke yes I be . ( continued ) 30 . continued : nora you seem to forget that we go out and find ' you guy . ' dug up he corpse . handed he he own show when he could not sell he face to a photo booth . sheldon to be fair , nora , I be book to open a car wash in montauk . burke oh , so you be do he a favor ? ( chuckle ) allow I to untangle this web of shit ! I do not care what he resume be , I do not care where you find he , I do not care if he last job be juggling apple for a hut full of pygmy on the outskirt of the congo ... the fact be , he fit a bill and you need he . like a hungry baby need a big tit . and that , my friend , be why you be in a box with no ventilation . and that be why the rhino be go to get what he deserve . stoke what be that , exactly ? burke walk over to Stokes ' desk and lean across it . he 's a inch from Stokes ' face . burke Heaven , hell , and everything in between . int . spinner dunn' restaurant - close on champagne cork - evening be pop as foamy champagne run down the bottle . wide sheldon and burke sit at a table in the nightclub . burke raise he glass . ( continued ) 31 . continued : burke to the star and new executive producer of the smoochy show ! May you reign be a long and healthy one ! they clink glass . sheldon I be still in shock . complete creative control , part ownership of the show , discretion over merchandise and a dress room with a toilet ! be I dream or what ? burke and do not forget the corporate penthouse . it take I six year to get that for randolph . sheldon Boy , imagine ... I , live in a penthouse . who would a thunk it . burke it 's call the high life , kid . get use to it . pretty soon you will be burnin ' one hundred dollar bill just to see Franklin break a sweat . sheldon jeez , I hope not . I have a deep respect for money . not to mention Ben Franklin who have some remarkable achievement in he lifetime . burke pull out a paper bag and hand it to sheldon . sheldon what 's this ? burke that 's you graduation present . something you be gonna need now . sheldon reach in the bag and pull out a revolver . he recoil in horror and immediately drop it back in the bag . ( continued ) 32 . continued : burke think of it as a tool of the trade . sheldon I have never own a gun , I have never touch a gun , and I do not believe in gun . when I play cowboy and Indians as a kid , I be always the chinese railroad worker . burke trust I , shel . it 's a handy accessory in this business . even if you do not load it , have it for show . sometimes that 's all you need . especially with a creep like randolph lurking around . burke and sheldon look up and notice the hulk , grin figure of spinner dunn stand over they . Spinner have the smile of a little boy despite he crooked nose and scar face . he extend he hand . spinner hiya , smoochy ! I be Spinner ! Spinner ! sheldon hi there . spinner I be so excited to meet you ! I be Spinner ! Spinner 's massive hand engulf sheldon' . sheldon ( remember ) oh ... right . I see you fight on tv once . I think it be you farewell bout . swish pan to : flashback - int . boxing ring ( S ) - sometime in the past through a series of cut we see Spinner get pummele in various fight . ( continued ) 33. continued : ringside commentator # 1 tonight mark Spinner Dunn 's final appearance in the ring . what a pleasure it 's be to watch he proudly march into the record book for take more blow to the head than any fighter in history . a bloody , defeat Spinner happily hold up the arm of he opponent after a match . he then hug the referee . he jump down from the ring and hug the three judge . ringside commentator # 2 scramble a bit ? sure . you do not retire with a record of 81 - 59 and wind up the Governor . but on the upside , he 's get the disposition of a collie . Spinner wade into the stand and start hugging the spectator . swish pan to : int . spinner dunn' restaurant ( present ) Spinner be still pump sheldon 's hand . spinner you know what I love , smoochy ? I love when you do the jiggy Ziggy dance ! you know , the one you do during ' silly time ? ' sheldon you bet . that 's a big one . spinner wanna see I do it ? sheldon well , I do not know why if there 's enough room here to ... Spinner start jiggy and Ziggy for sheldon . he bang into a table and knock over someone 's drink . burke okay , champ , do not get overheate . Spinner stop , out of breath . he lean over and hug sheldon . ( continued ) 34 . continued : spinner I love you . sheldon I ... uh ... love you , too , Spinner . a powerful - look woman , tommy cotter , call to Spinner from the bar . tommy Spinner , come over and meet the Senator ! Spinner dutifully hurry over to Tommy . sheldon he seem pretty popular . it must take real talent to run a place like this . burke Spinner ? the guy could not run a water faucet . he 's just a mascot . it 's he cousin , a bunch of irish mob boy , who really run the joint . angle on spinner he shake the Senator 's hand as Tommy and a few other tough irish guy stand around . Spinner look over towards sheldon . spinner ( loudly ) do not go anywhere , smoochy ! I will be right back after I take a dump ! Spinner release the Senator 's hand and rush off . burke I think you make a new friend , kid . 35 . int . angelo pike' rundown apartment ( lower east side ) - night we meet he backstage with smoochy ... innocent face ... angelo stir a pot of soup in the wear - down but tidy apartment . a " rhinette " costume be drape over one of the chair . there be a sudden loud pounding on the door . angelo put the spoon down and reach behind some spice on the shelf above . he pull out a revolver . the pounding continue . angelo yeah , who be it ? randolph ( o.s. ) ( friendly ) open up , buddy ! it 's I , randolph ! it 's be a long time ! angelo put the gun in he waistband and walk to the door . he slowly slide the chain off and open the door a crack . peer in at he be the bloodshot eye of rainbow randolph . angelo Randy ? randolph suddenly kick the door open and tackle angelo . randolph sit on top of the little man . randolph you fuck traitor ! my body 's barely cold and already you work for the rhino ? angelo I do not know what you be talk about . randolph do not lie to I ! I hear all about it ! you strapped that horn on faster than a cheerleader get the clap ! angelo I gotta eat , do not I ? randolph you be a krinkle kid ! not a smooch - bag ! say it ! angelo rhinette ! ( continued ) 36 . continued : randolph say it : I be a krinkle kid ! say it , before God ! on the soul of Jesus Christ ! say what you be ! angelo punch randolph in the mouth and flip he over . he now sit on randolph , point the revolver to he face . angelo I be a rhinette . get that ? the krinkle kid be ten foot under . with you . randolph start cry like a child . randolph ( blubber ) I miss you so much . can I stay here ? I get no place to go . angelo sigh and put the gun away . int . angelo' apartment - short while later angelo and randolph sit at the small kitchen table . angelo watch as randolph ravenously eat a bowl of soup . randolph ... they kick I out of the corporate penthouse . Big surprise . sons-a-bitch . that 's how I get this beauty . he point to a nasty bump near he eye . randolph and of course , there 's this ... he yank he lip back to reveal a miss tooth . randolph that happen after my little visit to the studio the other day . Network security . Fucking savage . he slurp another spoonful of soup and spit a bay leaf on the floor . ( continued ) 37 . continued : randolph I get lien , back tax , lawyer 's bill , threat against my life ... I basically get the whole fuck world up my ass . it 's okay , I get a loooong memory , son . ( amo and Andy dialect ) what dey sow , dey gonna reap . he cackle insanely as he pick up a bottle of gin and take a deep swig . he pass out and fall off the chair . angelo lean down and lift he head off the floor . angelo stop do this to yourself ! randolph do not respond . angelo slap he face . angelo Wise up ! you hear I ? do not piss you life away like this . randolph ( half -conscious ) it 's the rhino , Angie . he 's be send by the devil . send from hell to destroy I . smoochy ... be the face of evil . ext . broadway ( time square ) - morning we be on the smile goofy face of sheldon , whose picture grace the front page of variety under the headline , " mope to executive produce smoochy show . " the subhead read , " tenure to begin today . " a dollar bill be slap down over the picture . we widen out to see sheldon buy the magazine at the newsstand in front of the kidnet Building . he turn and walk toward the kidnet entrance . he stop and look up at the building . smiling , he take a deep breath and enter . int . kidnet hallway - few moment later sheldon whistle as he walk down the hall , give cheerful " hellos " and " good morning " along the way . he enter nora 's office . 38 . int . nora' office - continuous action nora be on the phone . she pretend not to notice he . sheldon bide he time by inspect knickknack , examine photo on the wall , etc . finally , he half - whisper / half -mouth to she : sheldon whenever you get a chance ... I just need a second . nora ( into the phone ) listen , can I call you back ? yeah , some asshole 's scream in my ear . thanks . she hang up . sheldon I be sorry , you do not have to hang up . nora if I do not you would still be here . sheldon but I be still here . nora I be hope to correct that . sheldon nora , I want we to start off on the right foot . I want you to know that I value you input and I do not want you to feel intimidate just because the power structure have change a bit . I consider you a partner . nora great . that will come in handy if we be ever at a square dance . sheldon well , I be never much of the do - se -do type , but what I would love to do be take you out to lunch one day . you know , just two colleague chew the fat ... form a mutual respect ... plant the seed of cooperation ... ( continued ) 39 . continued : nora no . sheldon Fair enough . if you change you mind -- nora I will not . sheldon just nod and start to exit . sheldon okay then , I will be in my office if you need I . if you want to brainstorm about anything . idea and so forth . he pass a plant by the door . sheldon ficus ? she ignore he . he exit . int . hallway - continuous action sheldon walk slowly down the hallway . he no longer have a bounce in he step . int . sheldon be new office - moment later sheldon enter he plush new office , awkwardly walk over to he new desk and sit behind it for the first time . sheldon wow ... tommy ( o.s. ) my cousin Spinner 's take quite a shine to you . sheldon jump . he 's surprised to Tommy from Spinner Dunn 's restaurant . Tommy 's crew , roy , danny , jimmy and sammy occupy the sofa . tommy ever since you come in the restaurant . he can not stop yakkin ' . ( continued ) 40 . continued : sheldon well , he 's a very nice man . very sweet disposition for someone that size . tommy so , I be wonder if maybe you could give he a little floor space . sheldon I be sorry ? tommy you know , a little part on the show . you be the executive producer now . you call the shot , right ? sheldon uh , that 's a very sweet offer , and I love Spinner , but tv be a complicated medium and ... I mean , that would be like I get into the ring with a prizefighter . ( laugh ) can you imagine such a thing ? boom. k.o .! what 's the alphabet , mommy ? sheldon laugh again . Tommy get quiet . tommy this make I sad . very , very , sad . danny what 's wrong , Tommy ? tommy nothing . I be just very sad right now . sammy who make you sad , Tommy ? tommy I do not want to mention name . the guy look menacingly at sheldon . they rise and walk around he desk until they be on either side of he . ( continued ) 41 . continued : sheldon you know what ? maybe I can find Spinner a little something to do on the show . that 's probably the best solution . Tommy now smile and walk over to sheldon . she muss sheldon 's hair . tommy you be a good boy , mope . do not think we do not remember favor . swish pan to : int . sheldon be office - short while later sheldon be in a meeting with a man , sonny gordon . sheldon look , I appreciate the visit , but I be just put together a little petting zoo segment . nothing fancy -- a few kitten ... maybe a duck ... angle on sonny superimpose : sonny gordon , president , animal wranglers ' local 358 sonny if you be look to bring in that many piece I gotta put a crew together . plus , we be lookin ' at transpo , a few leash handler , a cleanup boy and a doper to keep the inventory quiet . sheldon jeez , this all sound awfully elaborate . I might have to forgo the union and just borrow a few animal from a pet shop . sonny I would not recommend it . miss Carol from romper room try that once and she 's still limping . swish pan to -- 42 . int . sheldon be office - short time later a frazzle - look sheldon be meeting with BEN franks . BEN on behalf of funzone toy , I would like to congratulate you on you recent promotion , and present you with a small gift . superimpose : BEN franks , v.p. , funzone toy Ben reach into he breast pocket and drop a large wad of money on sheldon 's desk that land with a thud . sheldon uh ... that 's nice of you , Ben , but a card would have be fine . BEN funzone toy would very much like the smoochy contract , Mr. mope . sheldon be this ... I mean ... be you offer I a bribe or something ? BEN funzone toy would very much like the smoochy contract , Mr. mope . sheldon pick up the money and toss it back to Ben . sheldon rise from he desk . sheldon normally , sir , we take the trash out at the end of the day , but I think I will make a exception in you case . sheldon escort Ben out the door and slam it shut . the phone ring . sheldon walk over and pick it up . sheldon yes ? assistant ( v.o. ) a Mr. feedlepepper on line two . sheldon who ? assistant ( v.o. ) he say he 's a old friend . sheldon punch line two . ( continued ) 43. continued : sheldon hello ? intercut : int . angelo' apartment - randolph randolph ( v.o. ) you better grow eye on the back of you fuck head , you horn piece of shit ! I will not sleep until the worm be crawlin ' up you foam rubber ass ! I be go on safari , motherfucker ... safari ! sheldon hang up stunne . nora walk in hold the daily news . nora congratulation on you little ice show . sheldon what be you talk about ? nora it do not take you long to sell out , do it ? she toss the paper on he desk . nora what happen to you precious integrity ? or be that just part of you dog and pony act . she exit . a confuse sheldon look at the " around town " column . insert - headline " garden to host smoochy on ice . " the subhead read : " huge gate expected -- vendor salivate at smell of big buck . " CUT to : 44 . int . spinner dunn be - evening we be tight on the foot of a irish dancer do a sort of riverdance . we widen out and the rest of the dancer come into frame . Spinner and the mob be clap and whooping . sheldon and burke sit at a table in the dark club have a conversation . sheldon burke , I never agree to do a ice show . burke shel , do you know what kind of cash we will take in between the gate and concession ? a venture like this get you money and muscle . Times twenty . sheldon Ice show represent everything I be against . they be mindless spectacle whose main purpose be to sell overpriced sugar - water and cheap plastic toy that splinter in a kid 's mouth on the ride home . burke look , I know you get this fetish for ethic , but now 's not the time to fly that kite . no one 's ever refuse a shot at a ice show . sheldon tear the contract in half . sheldon until now . smoochy do not sell out , burke . you should be proud of that . proud that you represent a client who pave driveway , not paint they over . burke I be thrilled , shel. knocked out . burke just sit there , stunne . a waitress , sandy , pass by the booth . sheldon I will have a pineapple juice , Sandy . ( continued ) 45 . continued : sandy pineapple ? what happen to orange juice ? sheldon I be feel feisty tonight . int . television studio - day we be now on a drum solo . Ernie the elephant of the smoochyland Band work it . the animal band play a sloppy version of " pop go the weasel . " end on Spinner Dunn -- the newest and by far large member of the band . Spinner hold 's cowbell and seem to be concentrate intently on the proper moment to hit it . unfortunately , he rhythm be off , which throw the rest of the band off as well . we widen out to see smoochy and the rhinettes attempt to dance to the off-kilter rhythm . the song finally end . the rhinettes glare at Spinner . smoochy address the camera . smoochy Boy , be not that fun ? in a awkward kind of way ? anyhoo , how ' bout a big round of applause for the newest member of the smoochyland Band ... former heavyweight contender , Spinner Dunn ! Spinner stand up to take a bow and almost knock the entire bandstand over . there be a smatter of confuse applause from the kid in the bleacher . Spinner drop the cowbell and it clang on the studio floor . spinner shit. sorry . int . backstage - after show a beam Spinner run up to sheldon , who 's still in costume . spinner do I do good , sheldon , huh ? do I do good ? ( continued ) 46 . continued : sheldon yeah , that be great , Spinner . just watch you elbow next time . pinky 's probably gonna lose that tooth . spinner okey doke . I be gonna go get drunk now . Spinner skip off hum " pop go the weasel " and bang he cowbell . nora pass sheldon backstage . nora Nice job . caste the show with mental patient , I like that . sheldon ( snap ) he be not a mental patient . he 's a ex-boxer and nightclub owner who happen to have the sweet innocent brian of a five - year-old ! nora Excuse I for not make the distinction . she leave . ext . broadway ( time square ) - night sheldon exit the kidnet building and walk to the curb to hail a cab . a friendly - look man in a suit and bow tie approach he . this be merv GREEN . merv hi there . sheldon hi. a limo pull up in front of they . merv open the back door . merv get in . sheldon thanks anyway , but I be go uptown . ( continued ) 47 . continued : merv pull he jacket back to reveal a revolver tuck in he waistband . merv humor I , rhino . int . limousine - continuous action sheldon slide into the back seat of the limo . a big thug in a overcoat , henry , be already sit there . merv get in behind he and shut the door . sheldon be now wedge between the two man as the limo head down Broadway . merv extend he hand . merv merv Green , sheldon . it 's a pleasure to meet you . sheldon if you be hope for a autograph , the gun 's a bit much . the whole ' catch more fly with honey ' thing -- it really hold water . sheldon laugh nervously . merv sheldon , I represent the parade of hope Foundation . maybe you have hear of we . sheldon you raise money to build child 's hospital , right ? merv we have be know to add a brick or two , sure . merv and the thug laugh . merv sheldon , let I get right to the point -- there 's talk on the street that you be pull out of the ice show . be that true ? ( continued ) 48 . continued : sheldon ( big sigh ) you know , I never agree to a ice show , nor would I ever agree to do a ice show , and let I add that none of this be you concern , sir . ( shake he head ) sheesh . merv listen carefully , son : parade of hope have sponsor every kidnet ice show since 1964 . we take a piece off the top and everybody walk away happy . so let 's not buck history . sheldon well , I appreciate the offer , but for the gazillionth time , I be not do a ice show , so we have nothing to discuss . now , if you will just pull over , I will get out and we will say we toodley - dos . ( to driver ) Far corner , please . merv allow I to be less murky . start tomorrow , smoochy the Rhino raise he baton for parade of hope . benefit , banquet , fund -raiser , I want it all . ( to driver ) pull over , Terry . the car pull to the curb . merv and as far as the ice show go ... I recommend you start shopping for skate . the door pop open and sheldon be toss out . 49 . int . corporate penthouse - night a troubled - look sheldon stand on he balcony look out at the city . he drink orange juice straight from the carton . sheldon be on the phone with burke . sheldon this be unacceptable , burke ! I be call the authority . burke ( v.o. ) do not do it , shel . you rat on parade of hope and you will be lucky if they find you toenail . this guy be the roughest of all the charity . sheldon I be threaten by a organization that 's suppose to help child ! what kind of world be this ? burke ( v.o. ) the real one . my advice ? consider the ice show and stay healthy . burke hang up . after a beat , sheldon 's doorbell ring . he walk over to the door and open it . to he surprise , nora be stand there . nora May I come in ? sheldon sure . nora enter . she seem a little wobbly . sheldon notice she 's hold a pint of whiskey . sheldon uh ... be you okay ? nora I be get drunk and I be not use to it . sheldon oh . well , not to make you feel worse , but with alcohol you be also consume empty calory . nora look at he for a moment . ( continued ) 50 . continued : nora it 's just that ... I want to apologize , actually . and on that rare occasion when I feel the need to apologize for something , it help if I be , you know ... shit - face . sheldon wow . I be honore . nora trip slightly . sheldon take the whiskey from she . sheldon why do not we get some air ? he lead she out on the balcony . they look out at the city . nora I ... I may have be a little harsh when we speak the other day . a little out of line . sheldon well , it be not as bad as the week before when you call I a pasty - face , no - talent hack . nora yes , that be probably insensitive as well . ( look at he ) I hear you be not do the ice show . I find that ... incredibly admirable . why do not you tell I ? sheldon I guess I do not want to spoil you fun . you look so content when you be berate I . nora look down . nora I be afraid I have become a bit harden over the year . sincerity 's a easy disguise in this business . it 's hard to know who 's on the level . ( continued ) 51 . continued : sheldon believe I , I be learn that more and more every day . ( wistfully ) ' sometimes light be really dark , sometimes crow can sing like lark sometimes Winter feel like spring , do not think you know everything . ' nora ( in disbelief ) ' ricket the hippo ' ? sheldon you remember ricket ? nora that be my favorite show when I be a kid . ricket be the one face I know I could trust . sheldon that 's how I feel ! ricket have real depth . he be my inspiration for smoochy . nora really ? he be my inspiration to work in child 's television . sheldon I can not believe it . I never meet anyone who even remember ricket . do you remember the klunky - wunky dance ? nora remember it ? I do it at my first communion . sheldon start do the rather insane - look klunky - wunky dance . nora do it with he . they both stop and look at each other . sheldon impulsively lean in and kiss she . sheldon I be sorry . that be a mistake , right ? I do not mean for that to hap -- nora grab he head and pull it toward she . they begin kissing passionately . ( continued ) 52 . continued : nora ( as they kiss ) you be not full of shit like all the other , be you ? sheldon no , no . nora ( as they kiss ) you be for real , right ? sheldon yes , yes . nora ( through the kiss ) I mean , I could not tell ... first I think it be a act ... and then I just think you be a simp or something ... sheldon shhh ... you do not have to explain ... they continue to kiss . nora abruptly stop . nora I should go . sheldon why ? nora exit the balcony and collect she coat and purse . sheldon what 's wrong ? be it the whiskey ? if you have to throw up , be my guest . anywhere you like . nora it 's just get late . sheldon follow she to the door . she stop and look at he for a moment . the phone start to ring . neither of they say anything for a beat . nora better get that . good night . she exit . sheldon shut the door and sigh . he go to the bar to pour himself another orange juice before pick up the phone . ( continued ) 53. continued : sheldon hello ? angelo' apartment we go to a horizontal split -screen . randolph be on the bottom half . he lie on he bed in angelo 's apartment wear a bathrobe with a towel wrap around he head . his head dangle off the bed as he talk on the phone . the shot be reminiscent of bye bye Birdie . randolph hello , Mr. mope ? my name be Benjamin kunklepeck and I be call on behalf of ' Parents for decency in Children 's Television , ' perhaps you have hear of we ? sheldon no , but I like where you be come from . it 's a issue very close to my heart . why just yesterday I be comment -- randolph Sir , we be have a banquet tomorrow and we would be honore to have you perform for we . we would also like to present you with a plaque for you ongoing commitment to child 's television . the presenter will be a young orphan with mild asthma . can you attend ? ext . verrazano narrow bridge - next morning a black lincoln town car travel across the bridge toward staten Island . sheldon ( v.o. ) thanks for pick I up , Mr. kunklepeck . it 's very nice of you . int . town car - continuous action sheldon be in the back seat . the smoochy costume be next to he . behind the wheel be randolph . he 's in disguise . ( continued ) 54 . continued : randolph do not be silly . the chance to have smoochy the Rhino perform at we little soiree ? I would carry you piggy - back through a bed of hot rusty glass if I have to . sheldon well , it 's always a pleasure to help out a worthy cause . and believe I , I have learn lately that it 's not all sunshine and daffodil in the land of non - profit . randolph I just looove you show , by the way . it 's such a refresh change of pace from that dreadful embezzler ... what 's he name again ? rainbow something or other ? sheldon randolph . randolph yes. rainbow randolph . what a scoundrel ! he 's probably gay too . sheldon oh , I do not know . I feel sorry for he , actually . he obviously have problem or issue that he need to sort out . randolph ( get frustrated ) yeah , yeah , yeah , but do not you take particular glee in that you basically steal he time slot ? helped shovel dirt onto he miserable corpse , as it be ? sheldon no , I would never take pleasure in someone 's downfall . you know the old expression about walk a mile in another man 's shoe ? well , that really hold water . just try to imagine -- ( continued ) 55 . continued : randolph ( snap ) come on , he 's a fuck asshole ! you hate he ! admit it ! sheldon ( uncomfortable ) uh... can we listen to the radio ? ext . warehouse - short while later the town car be park behind a old warehouse in the middle of nowhere . sheldon be now in costume . randolph rush out of the door , very excited . randolph okay , they be ready for you ! sheldon I gotta say , this be a first -- I never perform in a tractor part warehouse before . randolph well , we like to do this thing no-frills . it 's all about the kid . sheldon amen to that . randolph open the door a crack and listen . we hear a o.s. voice from inside . voice ( o.s. ) it give I great pleasure to introduce we very special guest ... a supporter of the cause and a friend to the brotherhood . please welcome , the one , the only ... smoochy the Rhino ! we hear applause . randolph quickly open the rusty door . randolph knock them dead , kid ! he shove sheldon inside . int . warehouse - continuous action sheldon run in and immediately start sing and dance on the makeshift stage . ( continued ) 56 . continued : smoochy ' well , how - do - you - do , my good friend ! how do - you - do , my pal ! it 's so nice to see good friend ! sing along with I now ! how do you do , my good -- ' sheldon abruptly stop sing as a look of shock come over he . push in on he troubled face . omitted int . warehouse - sheldon' Pov several hundred man in Nazi uniform in a warehouse drape in swastikas . they all start chant : nazis Heil smoochy ! Heil smoochy ! Heil smoochy ! a huge swastika banner unfurl behind smoochy , frame he like patton in front of the american flag . flashbulb go off . the " Heil smoochy " continue . a german MARCH start to blare from the speaker . look stunne , sheldon slowly lean into the mic . he clear he throat . the music stop . everyone quiet down . he search for just the right word , and finally ... sheldon it 's my sincere hope that I be dream right now , but in the event that I be not ... what 's the deal with the swastikas ? suddenly , a sea of policeman burst into the warehouse . lead cop this be a unlawful assembly , you kraut son - a-bitch ! you be all under arrest ! pandemonium ensue we all the Nazis run for cover . sheldon stand in the middle of it all , unsure what to do . ext . warehouse - short while later sheldon be lead from the warehouse in handcuffs and be barrage with question from wait reporter . flashbulb go off as they shout out question . ( continued ) 57 . continued : reporter # 1 be you officially a member of the Aryan Brotherhood , sheldon ? reporter # 2 be it true you consider adolph Hitler you personal hero ? reporter # 3 do you think associate with neo - Nazis might adversely affect you career ? reporter # 4 how do it feel to be a hate - fill racist scumbag ? sheldon this be a mix - up ! I be innocent ! I do not hate anyone ! reporter # 4 do that mean you do not hate Nazis ? sheldon wait ! I do not say that ! I -- sheldon be shove into the back seat of a squad car . it drive off , siren blaring . montage ext . time square - night the squad car drive through Times Square . the headline on the zipper marquee glide through the frame : " smoochy the Rhino arrested at Nazi rally ... cop raid warehouse during Rhino 's performance ... Aryan Brotherhood declare smoochy ' one of we .'... President condemn ' smoochy the fascist ' ... " int . squad car - continuous action sheldon stare out the window as the dark city pass by . we slowly move in on he eye as we ... dissolve to : 58 . flashback - studio C - sometime in past in slow motion , smoochy dance in the studio while hold a delighted little girl in he arm . police precinct sheldon be fingerprinted and photograph . african jungle stock footage of a wild rhinoceros be shot by hunter . studio C smoochy 's Magic jungle be dismantle . suburban driveway - past a young sheldon help he grandfather spread black paint on a driveway . time square - day ( present ) the smoochy billboard be tear down . black limbo the smoochy costume be in flame . it slowly burn to ash . ext . kidnet build - lobby - day the kidnet ceo stand before a cluster of reporter and network camera . we can see the Times Square zipper marquee through the glass door behind he . headline read : " congressional Committee probe Nazi tye to kid biz " ... " smoochy photo remove from City elementary school " ... " jewish group plan ' Day of outrage ' " ... " Rhino in bronx Zoo pelted with egg " ... ceo here at kidnet , smoochy the Rhino be now smoochy the ghost . we have excise that particular malignancy from we network and will seek out a suitable replacement . ( more ) ( continued ) 59 . continued : ceo ( cont 'd ) until then , the smoochy slot will be safely occupy by popeye cartoon . thank you . the reporter furiously scribble down he statement . end of montage . ext . CITY STREET - day randolph dance down the street like gene Kelly . he whistle a happy tune and tip he hat to everyone who walk by . as he dance along , he pet a dog ... randolph hi there , poochy ! coos at a baby in a stroller ... randolph well , be not you the cutest little boo-boo in the world ! and grab a rise from a flower vendor before hand it to a old lady ... randolph for you , my dear ! May you live to be a hundred ! he continue to dance onward , wave back at everyone . unfortunately , he do not realize he 's head straight for a light pole and slam into it with a sicken smack . randolph fuck ! ext . kidnet build - night nora exit the revolve door of the kidnet building and head down Broadway . sheldon pop out from a store front . he 's wear a knit cap and sunglass to disguise himself . sheldon I have to talk to you . nora keep walk . ( continued ) 60 . continued : nora we have nothing to talk about . sheldon do not tell I you believe what they be say ! nora I do not have to believe anyone . the picture in the paper say it all . no one force you to perform at that rally . sheldon perform ? I barely sing one song . nora well maybe next time you will do a longer set . sheldon nora , I have no idea that be a Nazi function . none whatsoever ! nora funny , you would think the fifty - foot swastika you be stand in front of might have give you a hint . sheldon the papers be blow that out of proportion . it be nowhere near that big . nora stop and look sheldon in the eye . nora look , the fact of the matter be , I do not know you , okay ? not really . so do not expect I to go out on a emotional limb here . sheldon look crush . sheldon but what about the balcony ? what about the klunky - wunky dance ? nora I be drunk . do not read too much into it . she look at he for a moment and then walk off . 61 . ext . time square - day later a dishevel and unshaven sheldon wander the street , look daze . he 's stuff a cupcake into he mouth and swigging from a bottle of root beer . he pass a construction site and notice some graffiti on a wall -- a crudely - draw goose - step smoochy in a Nazi uniform and Hitler moustache . sheldon keep walk . he descend the subway stair at 42nd Street . ext . coney island station - STREET level - later sheldon come up from the subway . we see the cyclone from astroland in the b.g . ext . side STREET ( coney island ) - few minute later sheldon stand in front of the methadone clinic he use to perform at . it 's board up . he just stare at it . a old vagrant walk up to he . old vagrant if you be lookin ' to get a cup of juice , the well 's dry up , son . City shut she down . bastard will put a new pair of tit on the statue of Liberty , but they will not help a poor hophead . the vagrant shake he head sadly . old vagrant just once I wish I have a little clout . you know ? I would set thing straight in this town , believe I . ( sigh ) Hell of a world . he walk off . sheldon ( to himself ) Hell of a world . 62 . int . stoke ' office on a large screen tv the smile asian face of takashi yamashita , who 's sing Cole porter 's " I get a kick out of you " in japanese . CUT back to reveal takashi wear a white sequine tuxedo with tail as he play a white grand piano . he look like a asian liberace . he be circle by a group of japanese child who sing along with he . chick ( v.o. ) ' takashi sing tin Pan alley for youngster ' be the hot show on japanese television . the sweat shop be work overtime try to keep up with the demand . record album , toy , cereal , tee shirt , you name it ... int . stoke ' office - day several tough -look asian man -- chick , sambo , and tobi -- takashi 's management group -- sit in Stokes ' office . takashi sit quietly in the corner . Stokes sit behind he desk , sip he trademark glass of wine . chick look , Stokes , let 's cut the bullshit . we want takashi in that smoochy slot and we be willing to do whatever it take to get it . stoke pardon I for say this , but for a non-resident of this country , you speak impeccable English . chick I be originally from teaneck . stoke ah. chick we own every hair on this bastard 's head and we be willing to share a few strand ... if you get my drift . stoke well , it 's not that simple . I have a executive board to answer to . I wish I could just snap my finger and make a deal but -- ( continued ) 63. continued : chick you mean like this ? chick snap he finger and tobi , the third asian guy , walk over and drop a duffel bag on Stokes ' desk . stoke oh my . and what be this on my desk ? chick two hundred grand in a Louis vuitton duffle bag . get we boy the slot and we will round it off to a million . and you can keep the luggage . Stokes stare down at the bundle of opportunity on he desk . chick you be deal with a honorable culture , Frank . we know how to play ball . Stokes unzip the bag and gaze at the money . he look up at chick and smile . stoke gentlemen , I suddenly feel invigorate and full of hope . chick smile . int . nora' live room - evening on nora 's tv screen , we see the black and white image of ricket the hippo do the " klunky -wunky dance . " nora sit on the couch and stare hypnotically at the screen . there be a knock at the door . she get up and eject the " best of ricket " tape . she open the door . to she surprise , randolph be stand there . randolph hiya , cutie ! before she can respond , he enter the apartment and take off he jacket . ( continued ) 64 . continued : randolph so here 's the good news : yes , I will be happy to end my sabbatical and return to my old slot . I know you and Frank be in a bind , so I will start Monday . call wardrobe , call prop , tell them the R man be back and he 's ready to start whistlin ' dem happy tune for da little chillen . he flop down on the couch . randolph ahhh . who do ya gotta blow to get a scotch around here ? he laugh . nora you have get three second to pry you ass off my couch and get out . randolph jump to he foot . randolph dammit , nora ! the rhino 's go ! you need that slot fill and I be ready to reclaim what 's rightfully mine . nora just in case you forget , you be a criminal and a scumbag . randolph okay , so maybe I commandeer a stray shekel or two . Big deal ! compare to what smoochy do that 's like jerk off in the supermarket . nora where do you shop ? randolph walk over and put he hand on she shoulder . randolph come on . have you lose all affection for I ? after what we once have ? ( continued ) 65 . continued : nora that be a long time ago . I be young and stupid . randolph why we break up I will never know . nora you turn into a asshole and I do not love you . randolph we could have work through all that . he lean in to kiss she and she shove he away so violently he almost fall over the coffee table . randolph damn it , nora ! the public be clamoring for I ! I be a fuck patriot ! mope be a Nazi ! he 's evil ! he 's probably even gay ! you should have see the way he be check I out in the car ! nora ( suddenly suspicious ) what do that mean ? randolph what do what mean ? nora you say he be check you out in the car . what car ? randolph no ... it 's just a vibe ! a Nazi homosexual vibe ! it emanate from the television ! the whole smoochy costume ... with the erect horn ... I mean , what 's that all about ? nora start to walk closer to he . he back up . nora you be talk awfully fast , randolph . randolph I still love you ! let 's go on a date ! ( continued ) 66 . continued : nora be you at that rally ? tell I ! do you have something to do with this ? she back he against the wall and look he in the eye . nora do you set sheldon up ? randolph just look at she . randolph you know , now I remember why we break up . always with the accusation . bitch , bitch , bitch ... nora haul off and punch he in the jaw . int . spinner dunn be - night a morose- look Spinner Dunn sit alone at the end of the bar in the nightclub . Tommy walk over . tommy what 's wrong , kid ? the mayor of Patterson 's here with he wife . they wanna meet ya . spinner I do not wanna meet no one . I miss smoochy ! he never woulda do the thing they say he do . he be not no Nazi . someone 's make stuff up . I just know it , Tommy . someone 's make stuff up ! Spinner start violently pound he head on the bar , cause glass to rattle . spinner I want smoochy back ! I want to be on tv again ! I want to play my cowbell ! nora enter the restaurant . she look around and approach Tommy . nora hi , Tommy . hi , Spinner . have burke be in tonight ? ( continued ) 67 . continued : tommy have not see he . nora damn it . tommy something I can help you with ? nora I have to talk to he . it 's about sheldon . Spinner lift he head from the bar . spinner sheldon ? what about sheldon ? int . angelo' apartment - night randolph be napping on angelo 's couch with a ice pack on he sore jaw thanks to nora 's fist . there be a sudden loud pounding at the door . randolph startles awake . randolph I be try to sleep , asshole ! read the fuck meter some other time ! after a beat , the door be kick open and Tommy and he crew be stand there . tommy you wanna tell I about the rhino ? randolph hey , this be private property , creep ! and you be trespasp ! tommy Danny , go give Mr. smiley a little back rub . Danny advance toward a shaking randolph , fist clench and roll up he sleeve . randolph's Pov - danny approach . he cock he arm and throw a punch . Danny 's fist fill the frame , turning it black as we hear the punch . 68 . ext . time square - series of dissolves - before dawn newspaper truck pull up to various newsttand and toss out bundle of the morning edition . as each bundle land on the curb , we see headline that span over the next few day : smoochy set up - smiley behind nazi plot planned to destroy rhino' rep poll : rainbow randolph most hate man in america public outcry : " we're sorry smoochy ! " ext . police precinct - day randolph , bruise and batter , emerge from the police station with he lawyer . reporter and photographer rush forward . reporter # 1 how do it feel to be vote the most hate man in America , randolph ? randolph in a country like this , where you average citizen be a fuckin ' neanderthal , I wear it as a badge of honor . reporter # 2 what about Ms. Bishop 's charge that you have a unhealthy obsession with sheldon mope ? randolph listen , I barely know that broad . she 's a wacko . a opportunist . I be the most accuse man since Jimmy hoffa . someone throw a egg and it hit randolph in the face . randolph ( on verge of tear ) that be unfair ! who throw that ? that be mean and uncall for ! ( continued ) 69 . continued : lawyer my client be not answer any more question . between he dwindling cash flow and mount legal bill he 's sink into a deep psychotic depression . please stop antagonize he . thank you . he push a sullen randolph through the cluster of people . int . backstage - studio C - day a makeup woman dab sheldon 's forehead as he 's about to go on . nora stand next to he . a low tympany roll be hear from the stage . sheldon ( to nora ) I would not be back here if it be not for you . nora I be just sorry I do not believe you ... that I get sweep up in the frenzy of anti-smoochyism . sheldon well , this town 's a house of mirror sometimes . it 's hard to know what you be look at . he take a couple of pre-show deep breath . a stagehand approach . stagehand they be ready for you , sheldon . sheldon exit backstage . int . studio C - continuous action the light in the studio dim . announcer ( v.o. ) lady and gentleman ... boy and girl ... ( dramatic pause ) who 's you favorite rhino ? a explosion of enthusiasm from the kid in the bleacher . ( continued ) 70 . continued : kide in bleacher smoochy !!! the light come up as the smoochyland Band play a strong , dramatic version of " Battle hymn of the Republic . " after a moment , smoochy slowly rise from a lift under the stage . a giant sign above the jungle light up and emit a pyrotechnic shower of spark . it read : welcome home smoochy ! angle on smoochyland band a beam Spinner Dunn enthusiastically bang he cowbell to the music as tear stream down he cheek . back on smoochy he majestically stand center stage and nod to the kid who be give he a stand ovation . the song crescendos with a rouse final chorus from the smoochyland Band who sing , " his truth be march on ! " thunderous applause from the bleacher . smoochy walk over to a stool and take a seat . it 's very quiet in the studio now . smoochy , look uncharacteristically serious , pick up a microphone as the light go down . he 's in black limbo . smoochy thank you . it 's good to be back . you know , kid , sometimes life in the jungle can be unfair . a place where nice guy do not just finish last ... they get they head cut off . gasp from the bleacher . smoochy that pretty world you think you know be just prop and scenery . lollipop tree with root in venom ! angle - nora watch nervously from offstage . ( continued ) 71 . continued : back on smoochy smoochy so look around you , boy and girl . every day . be diligent ! stand strong ! as the old proverb say : beat a dog one time too many and you get a wolf ! let 's start howling ! howl for I , boy and girl ! the kid in the bleacher howl along with smoochy . smoochy okay , I just want to get that off my chest . who want to do the hokey - pokey ?! the kid cheer as the smoochyland Band launch into the hokey - pokey song and smoochy start dance . the kid pour out of the bleacher onto the jungle set . everyone be dance and have a ball . nora be clap to the music offstage . sheldon and nora exchange affectionate glance . omitted int . angelo' apartment - night randolph sit in front of the television in a daze . he 's wear a ratty bathrobe and absentmindedly toss cheese curl onto the floor from a bag on he lap . on the tv , a " entertainment tonight " - type show with two perky host be cover smoochy 's return to the airwave . the host , tara and Hunter show smoochy 's dynamic entrance and the stand ovation he get during the taping that day . tara ( v.o. ) well , smoochy 's back and boy do we miss he . hundred of well - wisher stand outside kidnet studios today hope to catch a glimpse of they favorite rhino . hunter ( v.o. ) that 's right , tara . smoochy 's popularity be stronger than ever thanks to he recent exoneration as a Nazi sympathizer . in fact , several movie studio be offer big buck for a chance to bring the smoochy story to the silver screen ... ( continued ) 72 . continued : the broadcast continue . smoochy image flash across the screen . randolph have be mumble the whole time . randolph ( quietly to himself ) bad ... very bad ... too much for brain ... pressure building ... ear ringing ... eye burn ... contempt overflow ... he jump up and kick the tv over . he pick up a lamp and start beat the tv . randolph I hate you ! I fuck hate you !!! you devil-horn mind fucker ! die , die , die !! angelo , who be cooking in the kitchen , run out . he 's wear a apron . angelo what be you do ?! that 's a Zenith ! ( notice cheese curl ) look at this place ! he grab the lamp from randolph . angelo that 's it ! I want you out of here ! randolph ( suddenly scared ) where be I suppose to go ? angelo I do not care ! ( point to door ) out !! int . spinner dunn be - night Spinner 's massive arm envelope sheldon in a bear hug , practically lift he out of he seat . burke , who 's have dinner with sheldon , hold onto the table before it get knock over . sheldon easy , Spinner . watch the rib , buddy . ( continued ) 73. continued : spinner I miss you so much ! sheldon I miss you too , champ . he drop sheldon and pull out he cowbell . spinner I have be practice and practice and I get real good , sheldon . Real good ! he start bang on it with a butter knife . sheldon cringe . spinner wanna see I march ? sheldon sure , why not . Spinner start march through the restaurant , clanging the cowbell . people who be try to eat they dinner look annoyed . sheldon sit back down at he table . burke so you be say you have some good news ? sheldon yes . some very good news . after give it a lot of think ... I have decide to do the ice show . burke gleefully slap sheldon on the shoulder . burke finally ! I get I a bar mitzvah boy . today you be a man ! sheldon I realize now it 's a sin to waste you power . burke like they say , rock bottom 's a college education . ( continued ) 74 . continued : sheldon but here 's the really good news : I be do it myself . no sponsor , no vendor , no crook . not one dirty hand will touch this . not one person will make a dollar off this kid . smoochy on Ice will be a study in purity . burke 's grin suddenly fade . sheldon as far as food concession go , I will supply the refreshment . for free . low sodium , whole wheat pretzel and apple slice . healthy stuff . now be you ready for the best part ? burke I be hold my breath . sheldon all profit from ticket sale will be use to build a state - of - the - art methadone clinic in coney Island . burke look pale . sheldon I be not just talk a run-of - the - mill clinic ... I be go to build a methadone palace . a place where man and woman can withdraw in luxury . burke sheldon , you can not do a ice show and cut out the vendor . and more importantly , you can not cut out the parade of hope . it 's suicide . sheldon you always tell I , when you have get muscle you make the rule . well , I be feel pretty strong right now . sheldon rise and toss he napkin down . ( continued ) 75 . continued : sheldon all this time I be let the business use I . well , I think it 's time I start use the business . I have get my clout back and I be not gonna waste it this time . take care of it , burke . sheldon exit . burke sit there , look very concerned . on he way out the door , Tommy stop sheldon . Spinner 's cowbell clanging continue . tommy shel , you gotta help I out . he bang that goddamn thing from morning till night . I get a headache that go from my eye to my ass . sheldon whatever I can do , Tommy , just say it . you know I love Spinner . and I owe you . tommy give the boy something else to do on the show . anything . just as long as it do not clang , chime or honk . int . stoke ' office - tight on face of frank stoke - day frighten . there 's a gun to he temple . wider chick , the asian representative of takashi , hold a revolver on Stokes . his cohort , sambo and tobi , stand by . chick I do not like complication , Frank . you get one week to get takashi that slot or you be gonna be shakin ' hand with buddha . stoke do not you understand ? my hand be tie . the rhino 's be exonerate . the show 's more popular than ever . ( continued ) 76 . continued : chick ( to sambo and tobi ) okay , boy , chop he up , bag he and dump he in the wood . sambo and tobi start to advance on Stokes . stoke all right ! I will take care of it ! I just need time ! chick lean into Stokes ' face . chick one week , jeeve . get that ? or I get a blender and make a Orange julius with you foot . they exit . ext . STREET - day a down - and - out randolph shuffles along in ratty bedroom slipper . he pass a man who sit behind a small table on the sidewalk . the table have a huge photograph of a rhinoceros tape in front of it . literature and pamphlet depict the black rhino be spread out on the table . man save the rhino ! before it 's too late ! make a donation ! save the rhino ! ( to randolph ) hey , mister , ya wanna help save the rhino ? randolph just look at he for a moment . he look at all the rhino-related imagery . he start shaking and suddenly jump over the table and attack the man . randolph I be the one who need to be save ! me. I be break ! I lose my lawyer ! my only friend kick I out ! I be a fuck peanut shell in the shape of a man ! save the rainbow ! save the rainbow ! save the rainbow ! man help ! someone call a cop ! randolph grab the collection can and run off . 77 . ext . central park - day it 's a chilly , grey afternoon . Stokes and burke walk along the lake frame by the New York skyline . stoke you client be suffocating I . to make matter worse , he 's cause I to veer into a hazardous situation . a situation that otherwise could have a very happy end . burke tell I more about the asian . stoke they be ruthless . unwavering . unprincipled . and best of all , they know how the game be play . they respect we delicate ecosystem of mutual benefit . Stokes stop walk and grab burke 's arm . stoke I would bring you in on this , burke . you would be my partner on the takashi deal . Split down the middle . we have a opportunity to get back on track here . back to the way it be . burke the good old day . stoke pre-rhinoceros . the two man look at each other as thought pass silently between they . burke this be very sticky ground we be about to walk on . stoke well , you be use to a little glue on you shoe . burke smile . burke let I poke around . sift through the possibility . omitted 78 . ext . alley off nd STREET - theater stage door - evening a slender young man in a Peter Pan costume in be hold by a big thug as another thug beat he up . a girl dress as tinkerbell ( also be restrain ) look on in horror . merv Green ( parade of hope ) step into frame . merv this be what happen to guy who keep secret , johnny . johnny I will give you the rest next week ! I promise ! merv it 's not I you be fuck over , it 's sick kid . you get something against sick kid , johnny ? the thug punch he in the stomach again . johnny no ! I love sick kid ! merv nod to one of the thug who release Peter Pan . he slump to the ground . merv kneel down and lift he head from the pavement . merv and you tell that fat producer of yours , if he ever give I a low head count again , he will lose the other thumb . one of merv 's thug lean in , whisper something to merv , who look up to see . burke stand in the mouth of the alley . burke merv Green . how 's trick , kid ? merv well , if it be not smilin' burke . whose bone be you pickin ' today ? burke ( chuckle ) you get a minute , pally ? omitted 79 . ext . nd STREET - moment later burke and merv walk along 42nd Street . a poster advertise Peter Pan " sponsor by parade of hope -- give Children the gift of promise ! " merv 's thug trail behind . merv no one freeze I out of a ice show . no one . I do not care how many fuck clinic he 's try to save . burke look , I be chokin ' on the same bone as you . merv if you be try to aggravate I , you be do a hell of a job . burke I be not here to aggravate , just educate . I think mope might be talk to people he should not be talk to . merv that 's a ugly string of word . burke he 's get it in he head that he 's gonna clean up the way we do business . ( beat ) truthfully ? I would not be surprised if he 's wear a wire . burke look at he watch . burke Jesus , I get a thing across town . he step off the curb to hail a cab . burke let 's keep talk , merv . there 's oughta be some kind of solution . do not you think ? burke hop into a cab . merv watch the cab pull away . 80 . ext . time square - outside kidnet build - tight shot - legs of SMALL card table - morning SNAP open . the table be set on the sidewalk . a man 's leg enter the frame and shakily climb on top of the table . wider randolph stand on the table directly in front of the kidnet Building . he raise the megaphone to he mouth . randolph attention , New yorker ! you be about to hear a shocking story of injustice ! wider randolph stand on the table directly in front of the kidnet Building . randolph I urge you to listen ! it have a surprise end you will not want to miss ! a crowd start to form on the sidewalk . randolph it 's the story of a venomous rhino and he aggressive campaign to slander , vilify , defame , denigrate and villainize my good name ! but one thing he can not do , be take my life from I . no , friend , only I have the power to do that ! he reach down and pick up a can of gasoline . randolph this be what smoochy have do to I ! he 's bring I to this ! I can no longer live in a world where the innocent suffer and the wick thrive ! randolph raise the can over he head and pause dramatically . randolph where be God ??!! ( continued ) 81 . continued : he drench himself with gasoline . the crowd grow larger . he hold up a pack of match . randolph I be sorry to do this , people . do not try to talk I out of it . the crowd start to applaud . randolph look baffle . man in crowd do it ! Light it ! randolph we guest of honor will be here any moment ! this be for he eye ! for he conscience . he will have to live with this imagine for the rest of he miserable life ! int . limo - continuous action sheldon sit in the back of a limo on he way to work , read the paper . the headline blare : " smoochy announce ice show at garden . " the subhead read : " all proceeds to benefit brooklyn clinic . " smoochy ( to driver ) take it from I , lester . use you power . do not squander it -- build with it . lester sound advice , Mr. mope . if I ever get any power I will give that a whirl . ( notice crowd up ahead ) hey , what 's go on up there ? sheldon glance up from he paper . smoochy ( casually ) look like a street performer of some sort . he go back to he paper . ext . time square - continuous action randolph see the kidnet limo approach . ( continued ) 82. continued : randolph this be it , folk ! it 's showtime ! I be sorry to do this , but he 's leave I no choice ! randolph try to light another match , but it 's wet from the gasoline . the crowd laugh and start taunting he . randolph shut up , you hillbilly asshole ! you be borough trash ! go back to you hut across the river ! randolph keep try to light the match . finally , after several attempt , it light . he hold it up . the crowd burst into applause . randolph fuck you ! fuck all you people ! I be the last of the mohican ! you will never see another rainbow randolph in this lifetime ! you have I and you blow it ! all of you ! he turn and face the approach limousine . randolph this if for you , smoochy ! remember this ! as long as you live , remember this image ! you do this to I ! he bring the match closer to he gasoline - soak body . the limo continue to approach . the crowd taunt he to do it . he try to bring the match closer , but he hand be shaking . suddenly , a little girl push through the crowd . everyone quiet down as she look up at randolph . little girl whatcha doin ' , rainbow randolph ? randolph freeze as he look down at the Little girl . a slight look of hope come over he face . she smile sweetly at he , walk over , and blow out the match . randolph be overcome with emotion . just then , sheldon 's limo whooshes past he . the crowd cheer . crowd smoochy !!! ( continued ) 83. continued : they all run away from randolph and over to sheldon 's limo as it pull in front of the kidnet Building . randolph stare at they blankly . he look down . the Little girl be go . sheldon get out of the limo . the crowd cheer he as he wave to they before go inside . a look of utter frustration now come over randolph . overhead shot randolph drop to he knee on the table , look skyward , and scream . randolph what do it all mean ??!! the camera rise above he as he let out a anguish howl that reverberate through the skyscraper . int . kidnet studio - backstage - tight on disappointed face of spinner dunn - day spinner what do you mean I can not play the cowbell no more ? wider sheldon gently try to break the news to Spinner who 's on the verge of tear . sheldon you be too talented for the cowbell , Spinner . cowbell be for baby . spinner ( a little angry ) I be not no baby ! sheldon that 's right . you be a fully grow man . with whisker ... and scar ... the whole sha-bang . that 's why you deserve a bigger role on the show . a more important role ... Spinner 's face start to perk up . 84 . int . studio C - short while later it 's the middle of a smoochy taping . smoochy and the gang be wrapping up a song entitle , " my stepdad 's not mean ( he 's just adjusting . ) " the kid in the bleacher be sing the chorus . kide ' stepdad be people too / they have bad day , like we all do / be patient and help they through / stepdad be people too ... ' smoochy continue the song . smoochy ( sing ) ... ' so three cheer for the man that I proudly call Stan ... he 's not quite a dad or a brother ... yes , he get cross , but still he 's the boss ... and besides he take care of my mother ! ' the song end . the kid in the bleacher applaud . smoochy address they . smoochy remember , kid . first impression , good or bad , be not always what they seem . just like a new puppy , new dad need to adjust to they surroundings . so give them time ! but always remember ... if he become abusive to you or mommy ... what be the magic number ? kide in bleacher ( shouting in unison ) nine - one - one ! smoochy right-o-riffic ! the smoochyland Band play a little fanfare . smoochy and now , boy and girl , I have a special surprise . I would like to introduce the newest member of the Magic jungle ... my cousin ... moochy the Rhino ! ( continued ) 85 . continued : the smoochyland Band play a happy little song as Spinner Dunn , in costume as moochy , run on stage . the moochy costume be identical to smoochy only it 's a darker orange instead of bright orange . smoochy howdy , moochy ! welcome to the jungle ! you wanna say howdy to the kid ? Spinner freeze . he stare at the camera . smoochy moochy ? spinner my name be moochy . smoochy that 's right . we have establish that . spinner ( lean into sheldon ) sheldon , this costume 's makin ' my nut itch . sheldon look horrify . the smoochyland Band quickly launch into some music . smoochy , moochy and a few other jungle animal begin to dance . moochy 's lumber movement be in stark contrast to the choreograph step of the other . as a bonus , he occasionally scratch he crotch . int . sheldon' dressing room - after the show a happy Spinner ( still in costume as moochy ) poke he head into sheldon 's dress room . sheldon , still in costume as well , look drain after the difficult taping . spinner that be fun ! be it bad when I do that thing , where I trip and knock over the flamingo and then he knock over the cameraman and then that light fall down on that lady 's head ? ( continued ) 86 . continued : sheldon it 's fine , Spinner . we will edit it out . but tomorrow in rehearsal we be gonna work on a new thing call ' the importance of hit you mark . ' spinner great ! I get to hit something ! Spinner dance off . a beat later , nora enter and shut the door . there 's a awkward beat of silence . nora hi. sheldon hi. nora I read about the ice show . sheldon yeah , the papers seem to be really cover it . nora I think it 's great . what you be do for that clinic . sheldon thanks . she nod . nora I just need some clarification ... sheldon do not worry . Spinner just need a little more rehearsal . I will get he there . nora no I mean about we . sheldon look uncomfortable . nora ever since you have be back I just feel like there 's something that 's not connect . ( continued ) 87 . continued : sheldon I guess I be still readjust a little . like a guy who 's come back from the war . not that I would equate my misfortune with the brave man and woman who protect we overseas . nora I just think we be on we way to something ... grant , my mistaken belief that you have tie to Neo - Nazis might have put a damper on we relationship , but I be sorry for -- sheldon suddenly jump up and grab she . he kiss she passionately . nora immediately start rip off he costume as they make out . they fall to the floor in a lustful embrace . int . studio - back hallway - same time Spinner , hum to himself , lumber down the hallway on he way to the wardrobe room . halfway down the hall , he hear a voice call out to he . voice ( o.s. ) hey -- rhino . Spinner turn around . the door to the fire exit swing open . two of merv 's thug emerge and grab Spinner ( who 's still in full moochy costume ) and drag he into the stairwell . int . underground parking garage - moment later Spinner be drag into the garage and knock to the pavement . several more thug emerge from the shadow , include Henry , merv 's main henchman . they start beat he with lead pipe . Henry pull out a revolver . he shoot the rhino several time . a sedan trunk be pop open and moochy be throw inside . the car screech up to the street . int . chinatown - night we crane down from a chinese banner that stretch across two tenement . we land on the seedy , desert street below as the sedan barrel into frame and squeal to a stop . ( continued ) 88. continued : two thug emerge from the car . they pull Spinner / moochy from the trunk and toss he body by some garbage can , knock a few over . they get back in the car and speed away . moochy 's lifeless foam body roll into the gutter and lay motionless . blood seep through he foamy torso . low overhead shot of Spinner / moochy . we slowly start to rise up as we look down at the rhino 's body . the wind whistle through the empty street as we get higher . the chinese banner rustle through the frame . as we get higher and higher , we hear the intermittent clang of a prize fight bell . match dissolve to : ext . same STREET - hour later in the same frame , detective and uniform cop be now at the scene gather evidence . where Spinner once lay , there be now a bright yellow chalk outline in the shape of a rhinoceros . int . parade of hope office - next day full frame on a television screen . a local news anchor be read the top story . anchor ( v.o. ) former heavyweight contender and restaurateur lawrence ' Spinner ' Dunn be find shot to death in a rhinoceros outfit early this morning in Chinatown . Dunn , a frequent performer on ' smoochy 's Magic jungle , ' be pronounce dead at the scene . Police be search for -- a hand enter frame and violently slap the tv off . wide a enraged merv Green glare at he henchmen , Henry and mitch . merv how could you hit the wrong rhino ?! ( continued ) 89 . continued : henry who know smoochy have a cousin moochy ? they look fuck identical . merv smoochy be bright orange , moochy be burnt rust ! read the papers ! do I gotta take you back to fuck kindergarten ? mitch all you say be 'hit the rhino . ' you never specify the color . I be not take the blame for this one . merv 's anger build . he turn to a picture of smoochy which be tack to a bulletin board along with other kid show personality that the foundation extort . merv pick up a letter opener and violently thrust it into the picture . merv I be not through with you yet , rhino ! you time will fuck come ! int . angelo' apartment - short while later cop rummage through angelo 's apartment . in the b.g. , a detective , ellis , interview angelo . another detective , mccall , be look through some papers he find . mccall ellie , over here . Ellis walk over . mccall show he some scribbling he 's find in a notebook of randolph 's . the crude drawing depict smoochy with he head cut off ... with a knife in he heart ... be piss on by randolph , etc . " die , Rhino , die " be scrawle hundred of time , fill page after page . the two detective look at each other and nod . int . spinner dunn' restaurant - day Spinner sleep forever in a open casket , clutching he cowbell . dozen of Spinner 's relative be at the wake . ( continued ) 90 . continued : a bagpipe player play " amazing Grace . " sheldon stand at the casket , fight back tear as he stare down at he old friend . nora have she arm around he . sheldon it 's my fault . he would still be alive if it be not for I . he would have be so proud to be in the ice show . nora there be nothing you could have do . do not torture yourself . sheldon I be sorry , Spinner . I be so sorry . Tommy and the boy walk over . Tommy put he arm around sheldon as he gaze somberly at Spinner . tommy he really love you , shel . and this I guarantee -- that fuck randolph have see he last rainbow . we be gonna find he , cut off he ball , and shove them up he ass . sheldon maybe you better leave it to the police . danny they will not do the ball thing . it 's against procedure . tommy do not forget -- that hit be mean for you , shel . so from now on , everywhere you go , we go . sheldon that 's okay , Tommy . I will be fine . tommy Fine , nothin ' . and as Christ be my witness , no one 's touchin ' a hair on you fuckin ' head . Spinner would have want it that way . Tommy 's crew nod and agree . ( continued ) 91 . continued : tommy ( to the boy ) alright , boy , let 's get shit - face . for spin . they head for the bar . nora and sheldon look down at Spinner in silence . sheldon do not ricket the hippo have a song about death ? nora ' the last nappy time . ' it give I a lot of comfort when my mother die . ( sing quietly ) ' when doggy stop bark and fish cease to swim and grandpa lay silent , from he head to he limb sadness will find you but soon you will feel fine ... ' sheldon join in . sheldon / nora ' in life we all have we last nappy time . ' sheldon look at she . they embrace as bagpipe music swell . omitted ext . time square - night the news zipper in Times Square glide through the night air : " manhunt underway for rainbow randolph ... suspected in boxer' murder ... see outside build shortly before shoot , drenched in gasoline and acting peculiar ... " we crane down from the zipper onto the sidewalk . randolph be talk on a pay phone . we hear angelo on the other end . randolph I do not do it ! I know you be still mad at I , but you gotta believe I . ( continued ) 92 . continued : angelo ( v.o. ) the papers say you be the mastermind . randolph mastermind ? I can barely figure out how to unzip my pants this day . just take a piss be a logistical nightmare . angelo ( v.o. ) I believe you , Randy . but you can not come back to my place . they will find you . you gotta go underground . ext . LIBERTY flour and biscuit factory - night we be outside the long - abandon Liberty biscuit and flour factory . the Liberty sign with its statue of Liberty logo be erode and partially miss . int . LIBERTY biscuit and flour factory - continuous action Inside the massive dormant factory , rat scurry around and pigeon occasionally fly from window sill to window sill . a makeshift live area have be set up in the middle of it all -- a chair , lamp , small table , hot plate , etc . randolph lay on the dilapidate conveyor belt , huddle under a blanket . angelo enter the factory through a rusty door , carry provision . angelo it 's heatin ' up out there . every cop in New York be look for you . and Tommy cotter 's boy be combin ' the street . you be gonna have to stay put for a while . randolph sit up on the conveyor belt , blanket drape over he shoulder . he 's a physical and emotional wreck . randolph I be a altar boy once . do you know that ? I want to be a priest . do you believe in angel , Angie ? ( continued ) 93. continued : angelo angel ? randolph there be a little angel in pigtail . she be the only one who care about I . she save my life . angelo hop up on the conveyor belt to console randolph . randolph rest he head on angelo 's shoulder . angelo you do not want to kill yourself , Randy . you know that . randolph perhaps it 's time to heal . to accept the fact that smoochy have win and gracefully march forward . true , I be currently want for a murder I do not commit . but I have faith . faith that justice will prevail . angelo now you be talkin' , kid . this be a big step ... I be proud of you . he stroke randolph 's head . randolph do you bring lunch ? angelo yes . randolph Chicken and star ? angelo just like you ask for . randolph can I have some , please ? angelo for a smile . randolph sniff and manage a small pitiful smile . angelo muss he hair . angelo Atta boy . ( continued ) 94 . continued : angelo lift one of the grocery bag onto the conveyor belt . angelo here , I get you some crossword puzzle and stuff to read . angelo hop off the conveyor belt and turn on the hot plate . he start to open a can of soup . randolph reach into the bag and pull out a copy of the New York Post . the lead article 's headline read , " wake for spinner . " a large photograph show mourner leave the restaurant after the wake . clearly visible be sheldon and nora . they have they arm around each other . randolph 's eye widen . he start to hyperventilate . angelo look up . angelo you okay ? Randy ? finally , randolph expel a blood-curdling scream that echoes through the factory . randolph motherfucker !!!!!!! angelo drop the soup . bird in the factory flutter from the rafter . int . madison square garden - ice rink sheldon and the rhinettes work on some choreography for that night 's show . nora watch from the sideline . as sheldon skate on the ice rink , merv enter with Roy and Danny . sheldon skate over to they . nora walk over , too . tommy Big news , shel . sheldon what 's that ? tommy it be not smiley who kill Spinner . it be parade of hope . nora merv Green ? sheldon be you sure ? the cop have ton of evidence on randolph . ( continued ) 95 . continued : tommy we do we own investigation . cousin Ian from down at the morgue ... you meet he at the wake ... flashback - int . spinner dunn be - day Tommy be at the bar listen intently to a man , ian , who be point to certain detail on a photograph . ian see the neck ? snapped like a twig . animal ... parade of hope 's call card . when they do a guy , they like to sign the tab . tommy what 's that guy 's name over there ? Green ? leon yeah , merv Green . tommy this be one time they shoulda leave the tab blank . int . ice rink ( present ) nora I know merv Green be a scumbag from the day he grab my ass at a ' feed the Children ' benefit . sheldon well , God help that guy now . they be gonna get a first - class ride through the criminal justice system , and I be buy the ticket . tommy it 's all take care of , shel . sheldon what do that mean ? 96 . flashback - int . warehouse - night a bloody merv Green be tie to a chair in the middle of the warehouse as he beg Tommy for he life . merv 's two henchmen lay dead nearby . Roy , Jimmy and sammy -- Tommy 's guy -- stand behind she . merv it be a mistake ! a honest mistake ! all I be try to do be help child . tommy you like kid , huh ? merv yes ! of course ! tommy so you must know a few fairy tale . Danny , tell he the one about the worthless prick who get he head chop off . Danny , hold a hatchet , advance toward merv. Tommy casually walk away . we stay with Tommy . merv be no longer in frame . merv ( o.s. ) no ... no ... no ! he scream . we hear the sound of the hatchet hitting its target . merv 's plead stop . tommy now you know why charity go under sometimes . int . ice rink ( present ) sheldon do we really need to hear this ? I do not want to hear this . jimmy a clean cut . sheldon okay , get it . ( continued ) 97 . continued : roy and then we take he head and -- sheldon thank you ! specifics about he head be superfluous at this point . int . stoke ' office - evening nora be alone in Stokes ' office , rearranging card on the giant cork board that display the network schedule . she be startle to hear a deep voice behind she . voice ( o.s. ) where be he ? she turn around . chick , tobi , and sambo be stand there . chick walk over to the cork board . he scan a row of card that all read " smoochy . " nora ( attitude ) can I help you with something ? chick yeah , honey , you can help we with something ... he rip a smoochy index card from the board , walk over to she and wave it in she face . chick you tell that boss of yours he better take care of the rhino problem . in my culture we honor deal or invite consequence . nora I do not know what you be talk about and you cologne 's make I nauseous . other than that , you be great company . chick look at he boy and chuckle . chick spicy little thing , be not she ? ( continued ) 98 . continued : he suddenly pull out a switchblade and hold it to nora 's throat . chick takashi get that time slot . you hear I , girly ? tell that boss of yours we will kill everyone at this fuck network if we have to . start with the pretty one . he remove the knife from she throat and hurl it toward the bulletin board . it land -- stick right in the middle of a smoochy card . chick auf Wiedersehen , honey . they exit . int . sheldon' penthouse - night nora be pace . sheldon sit by the fire . nora it 's Stokes . he 's behind the whole thing ! he cut some kind of deal for the smoochy slot ! sheldon what be you talk about ? nora he want you out so he can put takashi in ! sheldon who 's takashi ? nora Jesus , sheldon ! do not you ever pick up a copy of International performer ? he 's the hot kid show host from Asia . sheldon 's head be swim . suddenly the front door to to the penthouse burst open . randolph , dress like he 's about to do he old show , stumble in wave a gun . ( continued ) 99 . continued : randolph ah ! how very cozy . like two log in a little bonfire . all we need be a few stick and some wieny . he almost trip as he stumble over to sheldon . he wave the gun in he face . randolph I have she before you ! pachyderm ! I be in love with she ! in love ! and you snatch she away ! like a common thief ! you be the bad guy ! not I ! he 's the bad guy , nora . he 's incapable of understanding the love we once have ! tender , yet passionate . Old - fashioned , yet experimental . ( cackle ) tell he about a few of we experiment , nora ! tell he ! sheldon look stunne . nora hang she head . sheldon ( to nora ) be this true ? please tell I it 's just the confuse rambling of a disease mind . she look at he , but do not say anything . sheldon Holy mother of Toledo . when exactly be you plan to let I know about this ?! nora ( turn to sheldon ) listen , there be a time -- and I be not proud of this -- but there be a time when I be a bit of a ... kiddie-host groupie . randolph you be just another action figure for she collection ! nora that 's not fair ! randolph tell he about jingle Jackson ! ( continued ) 100 . continued : sheldon you date jingle Jackson ? randolph the bell turn she on . hey , tell he about jumbo johnny ! there 's a tale for ya ! a whale of a tale ! she look down , somewhat ashamed . a look of utter shock come over sheldon . sheldon oh good Lord in Heaven . nora look , what I do before I meet you be none of you business . randolph shut up ! both of you ! this be my show ! he wave the gun threateningly as he back up to a armchair and sit down . randolph do you fully understand the power of a condemn man ? do you ? I be already want for one murder , why should I give a flame horse 's twat if I commit two more ? sheldon I ... uh ... read once that the best way to diffuse a tense situation be with a little humor . to that end , would you like to hear a funny joke ? randolph ( roll he eye ) oh , please . go blow yourself , martha . ( wave gun again ) fix I a beverage , woman . make I one of that drink that use to make we all warm and fuzzy before bouncy - bouncy time ! nora fix it yourself , asshole . ( continued ) 101 . continued : randolph ( point to gun ) remember , I have Mr. boomy . sheldon I be tell you , you would love this joke . it revolve around Santa Claus and the Easter Bunny get into a fender bender . nora roll she eye and go to the bar . randolph ( to sheldon ) you know , when I live here I use to have a big painting above the fireplace . a naked chick hold a pumpkin . it be very tasteful . no bush ... nora look , randolph . we know it be not you who kill Spinner . sheldon we will go to the police , first thing tomorrow ... straighten everything out . randolph oh ! goody -goody gumdrop ! ( to nora ) vodka straight up be fine , sugar babe ! he grab the bottle out of she hand . he rise from the chair . he take a CD , " party time with rainbow randolph , " from he pocket and put it into a audio system on the fireplace wall . randolph do you put on a little weight , honey ? that 's okay , you be still a hot little brood mare . I bet you miss the sweet sting of my riding crop . giddy up , pony ! the theme song from he show start to play . he flick a switch and a spotlight go on . he sing and dance . ( continued ) 102 . continued : randolph ( to tune of ' ol ' macdonald ) ' rainbow randolph be the man . yes he , yes he , be . he 's the prez of rainbowland . yes he , yes he , be . with some fun , fun here , and a laugh , laugh there . here a dance , there a song , everything be fun , fun . rainbow randolph be the King , the King of rainbowland ! ' randolph take another drink from the vodka bottle . sheldon suddenly lunge at randolph and try to grab the gun . randolph shriek . the two man wrestle on the floor , but randolph be not much of a fighter . he scream as sheldon roll he toward the fireplace . sheldon be this what you want ? a hansel and gretel end ?! you want to be the big bad wolf ? randolph stop ! it 's too hot ! the heat ! it 's drive I mad ! randolph roll sheldon to the bottom . nora reach for a fireplace poker and whacks randolph with it . randolph cry out and drop the gun . sheldon grab it and point it at randolph who lie on the floor , blubber like a child . he 's bleed . randolph go ahead , kill I ! finish I off . my life 's over anyway . everything I touch turn to shit . put I out of my misery . sheldon slowly take the gun away from randolph 's head . sheldon you be not nothing . you be bitter , misguide and I be guess a raging alcoholic , but you be still rainbow randolph . despite everything that 's happen , you once make child happy . randolph sit up and look at sheldon through watery eye . ( continued ) 103 . continued : randolph would you be my friend ? sheldon sure . randolph ( to nora ) you too ? nora I guess . randolph sorry about the brood mare stuff . randolph throw he arm around sheldon and cry into he shoulder . sheldon pat he back . he glance down at randolph 's gun and see that it 's a toy . nora pour vodka onto a small pillow she 's take from one of the chair . she kneel next to randolph and blot the gash on he head with the vodka soak pillow . randolph let out a blood curdle scream . int . sheldon be foyer - tight on revolver - short while later be load . wider sheldon load he gun as randolph be curl up on the couch like a little puppy . nora hand he a cup of tea . randolph ( a pitiful child ) thank you . she walk over to sheldon . nora ( be : gun ) what be you do ? sheldon continue to load the gun . ( continued ) 104 . continued : sheldon just make the play field even . I be tired of run this race with one leg . nora you be let they drag you down to they level . randolph ( from couch ) she 's right , sheldon . do not make the same mistake I do . keep you dignity intact . he accidentally spill some hot tea on himself . randolph son-of-a-bitch ! sheldon I appreciate everyone 's concern , but I can take care of myself . nora and randolph look at each other . randolph ( mouth to nora ) I try . sheldon stuff some extra bullet in he pocket . sheldon ( to randolph ) okay , buddy , we have to get down to the Garden . you be welcome to stay here as long as you like . just do not leave until I get thing square away . randolph get up and walk over to he . randolph be careful , sheldon . remember what I tell you -- you have only scratch the surface of this scummy business . you have yet to strike oil . randolph look at he for a moment before turn to nora . ( continued ) 105 . continued : randolph you be lucky to have a guy like smoochy . nora you just rest , randolph . randolph he 's the real thing . smoochy 's the real thing . and I have be a fraud . a wick man do wick act . sheldon slap the cylinder into place and tuck the gun in he waistband . sheldon well , we all have we bad day . he exit . int . hawaii kai - later that evening a hula dancer perform on a tiny stage in the nightclub . a small Hawaiian string band play behind she . burke and a nervous-look Stokes sit in a booth . stoke thing be get out of hand . we have to cover we track . burke relax , everything 's gonna work out . stoke relax ? they find merv Green 's head on the Grand concourse ! Excuse my concern . burke look , we can cover all the track we want , but in the end we still get the same problem . we gotta finish what we start . stoke God help we ... Stokes shakily take a sip of he drink . ( continued ) 106 . continued : burke it will all be over tonight . buggy 's gonna take care of everything . stoke buggy ? buggy ding - Dong ? the guy who host ' buggy 's bumpy railroad ' ? stoke yeah , until he discover the joy of turkish black mule heroin . for the right price he will do anything . it 's amazing the guy 's still alive . Stokes bury he head in he hand . stoke I do not know , burke ... this whole thing ... a shadow fall across they table . burke look up . burke speak of the devil . have a seat , bug . buggy ding - Dong 's hand enter the frame and snub out he camel . Stokes look up . stoke ( attempt to sound cheerful ) buggy . you be look good . angle on buggy a man who look like he would first kill you then eat you for dinner , slide into the booth next to Stokes . burke it 's time we put this thing to rest , Frank . and the way I see it ... the rhino 's up past he bedtime . burke hand a fold envelope to buggy who put it into he jacket pocket . he light another camel . 107 . ext . madison square garden - aerial shot - evening " smooch on ice -- sold out ! " flash on the electronic marquee . ext . madison square garden - entrance - continuous action Men , woman and child flood in through the turnstile . int . madison square garden - continuous action usher , costume as rhinettes , help people to they seat . people mull about the concession stand which be adorn with sign that read : " complimentary Apple slice ! " " have a Salt - free pretzel ! " " enjoy a soy Dog on smoochy ! " " Fresh squeeze O.J. -- have a Glass ! " " sugar free brownie -- they're not as bad as they sound ! " " free ! everything be free ! " " keep you wallet in you pocket ! " " friendship be more important than money ! " int . angelo' apartment - night angelo 's place look like a cyclone hit it . angelo work free from the rope that have bound he wrist . he have be hit over the head and be groggy as he reach for the phone . int . sheldon' penthouse - continuous action a freshly shower randolph be wear sheldon 's robe and have a pink towel wrap around he head as he lounge on the live room sofa . he 's eat grape and read National geographic . the phone ring . he pick it up . randolph ( sing -songy ) hellooo ! we go to a split - screen with angelo . angelo Randy , be that you ? ( continued ) 108 . continued : randolph yes , angelo , my little twinkie , should not you be get ready for the big show ? angelo listen , buggy 's be here . randolph buggy double D 's ? the Dong man ? angelo yeah , he lift my backstage pass and he 's braggin ' that he 's do some kind of job for burke bennett . randolph think . he suddenly look very worried . randolph sheldon 's in trouble . I gotta get down to the Garden . angelo the place be crawl with cop . they will jump on you like a trampoline . randolph I do not care . he rip the towel from he head . randolph I have to warn the rhino . int . madison square garden - basement buggy , in he ill-fitting rhinette costume , emerge from the sub-basement carry a thin suitcase . as far as anyone 's concerned , he 's just another usher . he head for the stairwell . int . madison square garden - continuous action every seat in the arena be occupy . the light be lower . a slow roll tympany be hear . after a moment , the rhinettes skate out to enthusiastic applause . 109 . backstage sheldon , look very intense , stand alone in the wing . he take a couple of deep breath . we tilt down and see the bulge of the revolver under he smoochy costume . ice rink the rhinettes have form a line across the middle of the rink . announcer ( v.o. ) and now ... it give we great pleasure to introduce America 's favorite rhino ... lady and gentleman ... boy and girl ... ( dramatic pause ) heeeeere 's smoochy ! smoochy skate out to thunderous applause . the entire arena be on its foot . the rhinettes part as smoochy skate through they and stop in the middle of the rink . the applause and cheer do not stop for several moment . one of the rhinettes hand smoochy a microphone . smoochy on behalf of myself , the rhinettes , and the soon to be restore coney Island methadone Center , I thank you all for come . network BOX burke and Stokes roll they eye . back on sheldon smoochy it be my original intention that tonight 's performance would be a benign mix of smoochy song and ice dance . but as a artist , I believe I must convey to you , my fan , what I be feel at any give moment in my life . to do otherwise would be dishonest . Art be communication . it 's something we learn and hopefully grow from . with that in mind ... I hope you enjoy the show . ( continued ) 110 . continued : more applause as smoochy skate over to the rhinettes . they form a circle around he and slap hand in solidarity . sheldon this be for Spinner . the light go down . a full orchestra begin to play the overture to wagner 's tristen et isolde . the light come up as a soprano -- a heavyset woman in a modify rhino costume -- skate out through the fog and begin sing the opera . smoochy -- now wear a peasant 's frock -- skate a interpretive dance in the b.g. with a few rhinettes who be also dress as peasant . a beautiful fairy princess float down ( on filament wire ) from the rafter and take smoochy 's hand . she skate away with he as he wave good - bye to the rhinettes . high angle looking down at the opera . the camera pan over to the catwalk high above the rink . catwalk buggy ding - Dong , still in he rhinette costume , settles into he assassin 's roost . he begin to assemble the rifle and check the scope . ext . madison square garden - few minute later randolph emerge from a cab and run through the crowd outside the Garden . a few people recognize he . man it 's rainbow randolph ! someone stop he ! randolph find a side exit and slip into the arena . int . madison square garden - few minute later the " Opera on Ice " continue . the soprano continue sing as smoochy reenact the incident of he recent life . the fairy princess bring smoochy to a room with a gleam white desk . smoochy take a seat behind the desk . the fairy princess place a crown on he head , bid he good - bye , and float away . smoochy sit proudly in he new world . ( continued ) 111 . continued : suddenly , rhinettes dress as devil glide in and skate in a circle around the desk . they throw money at smoochy . he jump up and skate away , but the rhinette devil pursue he with dagger . the music from the orchestra intensify as the drama play out . network BOX nora continue to watch the opera , totally entrance . Stokes and burke look a little on edge . burke glance at he watch . catwalk buggy finish load the rifle . he shine the barrel with he sleeve and look through the scope as smoochy and company continue to perform below . Pov through rifle scope atmospheric fog create by the smoke machine be so thick that buggy have difficulty finding sheldon through the cross-hair . occasionally , smoochy skate through a hole in the cloud only to disappear again . buggy curse in frustration . arena randolph push he way past Garden security and run toward the rink . several cop work the event spot he . a few spectator scream in horror . ice rink the soprano 's mournful aria reach its crescendo as smoochy be now pursue by rhinettes dress as Nazis . they hold sign with word like " scandal " and " shame . " smoochy skate to a section of the rink resembling Chinatown where he land over a fall " moochy . " he cradle moochy 's head in he arm as the Nazis glide past he and disappear into the fog . network BOX nora wipe a tear from she eye as she watch the tragedy play out . burke and Stokes glance skyward . nora notice this . 112 . rink's edge randolph reach the rink as cop push they way toward he . randolph sheldon !!! but sheldon can not hear over the orchestra . the soprano hit a high note . catwalk buggy aim the rifle . Pov through rifle scope smoochy glide through the cross-hair follow by a rhinette . tight on bughy' finger as he quickly squeeze off a shot . rink the muffled sound of gunshot be absorb by the intense music . a wounded rhinette fall to the ice , but no one notice . smoochy , oblivious , continue to skate toward the " gate of heaven " with the angel moochy . giant white gate slowly swing open at the rink 's far end as float angel open they arm to welcome moochy . outer rink randolph run around the rink 's perimeter , try to get sheldon 's attention . cop and security push they way towards randolph . he suddenly notice the fell rhinette on the ice and look skyward . he can make out a rifle barrel protrude from the catwalk . network BOX Stokes and burke notice a commotion in the audience . they now see randolph run through the crowd on he way to the stairwell . ( continued ) 113. continued : stoke ( whisper to burke ) what 's he do here ?! he 's go to screw everything up ! nora notice the distress look on they face and follow they gaze to the rafter . she now see the rifle barrel . angle - nora jump to she foot . fast push in to nora 's mouth . nora ( scream ) sheldon !!! she start to climb out of the box but burke stop she . burke nora ... nora you be in on this , be not you ! you sell he out ! you fuck snake ! Stokes try to put he arm around she . stoke nora , please . it 's not what you think . I be groom you . you be go to run the division one day ... she push he . he go down hard . she start to climb out of the box . burke try to grab she , but she spin around and punch he . she run for the rink . Stokes stand in the box look dumbstruck as pande - monium play out around he . people be run in all direction , cop be everywhere . stoke ( frighten ; to burke ) what now ? what do we do now ?! burke survival of the fittest ! burke run off through the panicked crowd . Stokes look around and head off in the opposite direction . 114 . outside rink Tommy and she boy notice the commotion in the audience . they see cop pursue someone . they realize it 's randolph . Tommy , Jimmy and sammy take off after he . catwalk buggy , in position again , look through the rifle scope . Pov through rifle scope as the soprano reach for a impossibly high note , the fog dissipate slightly and smoochy 's foam rubber head come perfectly into view . buggy smile . rink's edge nora scream . nora sheldon !!! get down !!! close on bughy' finger he 's about to squeeze the trigger . catwalk randolph reach the catwalk as the orchestra play a dramatic series of smash note . he tackle buggy just as he squeeze off the shot . rink the top of smoochy 's foam rubber head be blow off . in slow motion , smoochy 's tatter horn sail through the air and land softly on the ice . wide everyone in the arena scream and head for the exit . it 's pandemonium . thanks to randolph , buggy 's shot be too high and just miss sheldon 's skull . ( continued ) 115 . continued : a confuse sheldon bend over to pick up a chunk of the smoochy head . nora , who 's enter at the opposite end of the rink , try to reach he , but it 's impossible . panicked audience member run across the rink , head for the exit . it 's chaos . people slip , rhinettes get trample . catwalk randolph try to get the rifle away from buggy . they struggle on a narrow beam high above the rink . the cop have reach the outer edge of the catwalk now . Tommy and the boy get there a second later . they all stand back -- the catwalk be too unstable . randolph give I that gun , you fuck wack - out freak ! buggy manage to shove randolph off he . he raise the rifle and shoot at the cop . randolph grab he . both he and buggy lose they foot and slip from the catwalk . randolph be able to grab onto the edge and hold on . buggy clutches randolph 's leg which threaten to bring they both down . they dangle 80 foot above the rink . randolph desperately try to hold onto the catwalk as buggy cling to randolph 's ankle . close on randolph's finger his knuckle turn white as he finger start to slip from the beam . angle on buggy still clutching randolph 's ankle , he start to lose he grip . he desperately grab randolph 's foot , but randolph 's shoe slip off and buggy begin he long plunge to the next life . int . rink - high overhead shot buggy scream the whole way down , still hold onto randolph 's shoe . rink buggy crash into the middle of the rink , cob-webbing the ice around he . 116 . catwalk Tommy and he boy run off to find sheldon . the cop help randolph off the catwalk . he 's a nervous wreck . cop # 1 you okay ? randolph I do not know . I be kind of fuck up in general , so it 's hard to gauge . they pat the daze randolph on the back . he pass out . rink people continue to run through the rink . fell rhinettes litter the ice like break doll . smoke fill the air . sheldon be help a random woman to she foot as nora finally reach he . she embrace he . nora burke 's with Stokes . he 's be in it all along . sheldon look toward the network box . Beyond it , through the smoke , he see burke shove he way through people who jam the exit try to escape . sheldon reach into he costume and pull out he gun . nora no , sheldon , do not ! sheldon run off leave nora . exit burke be almost through the cluster of people . he glance over he shoulder and see sheldon head toward he . he shove even harder now and finally get through . ext . madison square garden - continuous action burke make a run for it down 33rd Street . a moment later , sheldon emerge from the building . he see burke in the distance and take off after he . he 's still in he skate and wear the partially - blow - off smoochy head . 117 . further down STREET burke look behind and see the nightmarish image of a disfigure smoochy chase after he . he quickly round the corner . ext . STREET a few moment later sheldon round the corner . he look down the street and see no sign of burke . he notice a alley by a abandon building . ext . alley - continuous action sheldon walk slowly into the alley , gun draw . suddenly , burke jump out from behind some box . he whacks sheldon 's head with a garbage can lid . the gun go fly . burke go for it , but sheldon be quickly on he foot and pounce on he . the two man fight it out . burke manage to get on top of sheldon and start to strangle he . burke you fuck point a gun at I ? a gun I give you as a gift ?! where 's you fuck etiquette ? just as sheldon begin to lose consciousness , we hear a gunshot . burke look up . nora stand there , point sheldon 's gun directly at he . nora let he go . burke just look at she . nora now . before I pump one in that grecian formula scalp of yours . burke smirk as he release sheldon . sheldon jump up and take the gun from nora . he shakily point it at burke . burke you know something , kid ? you have turn out to be a incredible pain in the ass . burke slowly stand up , brush off he suit . sheldon you be behind the Spinner hit , be not you ? ( continued ) 118. continued : burke that be a tragic mistake . ( shake head sadly ) if only one could turn back time ... ( beat ) but what the hell , it 's just one less mick in the world . he laugh . nora you son-of -a-bitch . sheldon cock the gun . burke oh my . what be you gonna do ? kill I ? that would not be very smoochy - like behavior . sheldon you be right . there 's just one thing ... sheldon tear off the remain of he tatter costume and step out of it . sheldon I be not smoochy . sheldon be shaking as he extend the gun to burke 's head . sheldon I finally realize we be live in a different jungle . burke suddenly look fearful , as do nora . nora no , sheldon . sheldon close he eye as he try to summon up the courage to pull the trigger . nora sheldon ! suddenly , there 's a voice from behind . voice ( o.s. ) do not do it , shel . sheldon turn around . it 's Tommy and she boy . ( continued ) 119 . continued : sheldon ( sternly ) stay out of it , Tommy . this be my business . Tommy walk closer to sheldon . tommy no more killin ' , shel . enough 's enough . do not destroy who you be for this piece of shit . you mean something to the kid . do not take smoochy away from the kid . Tommy extend she hand for the gun . sheldon look down at the gun . he can not believe he 's even hold it . he hand it to Tommy . sheldon I do not know how I get push this far . tommy you be only human , shel . the important thing be ... you never go over the cliff . you be a good boy . for some of we ... it 's too late . Tommy pat sheldon 's shoulder affectionately . tommy we will take it from here , kid , you run along with you girl . get on with you life . sheldon look over at burke , who 's petrify . sheldon Tommy , you be not go to -- tommy do not worry . sometimes even a rat deserve a little mercy . sheldon and nora take a final look at burke before walk out of the alley . burke be wide - eye with fear as Tommy 's boy advance on he . just as they round the corner there be the sound of two gunshot . sheldon look at nora . nora Bus backfire . she pat he on the back . 120 . ext . madison square garden - continuous action Stokes finally make it out of the arena . he run toward he wait limo and hop in the back seat . he bark to he driver through the glass partition . stoke get out of here ! the car do not move . Stokes pound on the partition . stoke move this thing ! no response . Stokes frantically push the button that lower the partition . it slide down . stoke be you deaf ?! I say -- the driver turn around . Stokes recoil in horror . it 's takashi . he smile as the back door open and the japanese thug -- chick , sambo and tobi -- pile in with Stokes . they slam the door shut . chick I wish I could tell you it will be quick and painless , Frank , but you know how this thing go ... Stokes let out a small whimper . chick nod to takashi who step on the gas as he sing " anything go " in japanese . ext . th avenue - continuous action the car head into the night , pass sheldon and nora , who have exite the alley . this will be Frank Stokes ' final limo ride . ext . STREET - continuous action sheldon and nora pause on the street . sheldon look around he . sheldon you know , a little grime here and there do not change the fact ... it 's still a beautiful city . he look at nora . ( continued ) 121. continued : nora let 's go home , smoochy . show 's over . sheldon gaze back at she . sheldon no it 's not . it 's just beginning . they kiss passionately as music swell and the camera crane high above the rink . fade out . fade up on : int . madison square garden - one year later superimpose : one year later the Garden be sell out . the light go down . through the p.a. we hear ... announcer ( v.o. ) and now ... it give we great pleasure to introduce America 's favorite rhino ... lady and gentleman ... boy and girl ... there 's a dramatic pause ; tympany roll . announcer ( v.o. ) heeeeeere 's smoochy ! smoochy skate out to thunderous applause . announcer ( v.o. ) with he partner and comrade ... the one , the only ... rainbow randolph ! randolph skate out , somewhat shakily , to huge applause . sheldon put he arm around he . the audience be now on they foot . randolph especially bask in the adulation . announcer ( v.o. ) all proceed from tonight 's performance , will benefit the rainbow randolph Center for alcoholism and delusional behavior . ( continued ) 122. continued : sheldon pat randolph on the back . music begins as rhinettes and krinkle kid skate out . the show start and the audience go wild . nora smile from the stand as smoochy and the other glide across the ice . ( smoochy / randolph duet to come . ) fade out . the end