the debt written by Matthew Vaughn , Jane Goldman &amp ; Peter straughan 1 int . cargo plane . military airbase . israel - day 1 a strange roaring sound ... close on a young woman ... in darkness . Light begin to spill on she from the right - revealing she face , lose in think . this be rachel singer - pretty , painfully young look . a surgical dress cover half she face . as we pull back a little we see that two young men sit either side of she . they be stephan gold ( thirty ) thick - set , capable , and david peretz ( late twenty ) , dark - haire and pale-face . the three face in the darkness , each look straight ahead - something from a caravaggio painting . the roaring , which we realise be the sound of engine , gradually run down into silence . the light from the bay door which be open off - screen begin to flood the scene with harsh daylight , revealing the inside of a cargo plane . stephan turn to look at the grow light . then he turn to Rachel . stephan breathe . he stand . Rachel turn to look at David but he be stand too , he face a mask . Rachel gather herself , then stand and turn to follow the other two , walk towards the light . as the three approach the open and descend the ramp of the bay door , we hear a woman 's voice : sarah ( v.o ) we should never forget how young they be . ext . airbase runway . israel - day tracking the three ... as they walk across the tarmac - first stephan ... final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 2. sarah ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) my father , stephan gold , be the youngest unit Commander in mossad . David be next ... sarah ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) David peretz have he twenty - ninth birthday while on the mission . then Rachel . sarah ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) my mother be even young . only twenty - five . rachel be p.o.v silhouett against the bright light be a group of wait military and mossad dignitaries . they hand be raise in applause . sarah ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) despite they youth they would have the courage to confront a unimaginable evil .... the three walk towards they welcoming party . Rachel blink against the sunlight , take out a pair of sunglass and slip they on . 2 omitted 2 3 int . function room . HOTEL near tel aviv - day 3 close on older rachel ...now 56 . handsome , impeccably groom . a long crooked scar run down one side of she face . sarah ( o.s ) ...a man whose sadistic experiment leave thousand disfigure or dead , who become know by a name which defile the annal of medicine : the surgeon of birkenau . she 's wear tinted glass , stare at we , listen to Sarah speak . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 3. reverse Rachel 's daughter - sarah - stand at a podium , read the dedication to a rather large audience who have come for the launch of she first book . she 's 31 , and clearly she mother 's daughter . the cover image from the book be project on a screen behind Sarah - a black and white photograph of a young Rachel , David and stephan . above they face , the title - in we hand . sarah they mission have be to return he to Israel to stand trial . instead it end with he death on the street of East Berlin ... CUT to : 4 ext . military airbase . israel - day - the past 4 close on young rachel ... as she wait behind David and stephan , face bleach out by the sunlight . she stare at the ground . sarah ( v.o . ) but this be not what be celebrate . it be they youth itself that become a symbol . here be the child who have face Israel 's great nightmare , she great pain ... David and stephan have move out of shot and Rachel reach the dignitaries . still look down , she manage a smile , a bob of she head , reach out to shake the first hand ... 5 int . function room . HOTEL near tel aviv . day 5 close on older rachel ... lose in the memory . sarah ( o.s. ) ... and in the simple act of face the monster , have help to vanquish it . Sarah , have finish read and look for she mother in the audience ... final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 4. sarah ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) this book be dedicated to my inspiration . my mother , Rachel Singer . people around Rachel begin to applaud , the sound almost startling she . automatically she give the same bob of the head , acknowledge the applause . Sarah , cheek burn with a mixture of embarrassment and emotion , have not finish yet . she lock eye with she mother . sarah ( cont 'd ) mother , I be so very proud to be you daughter . more applause . Rachel manage to smile . 6 int . function room . HOTEL near tel aviv - later 6 the room be now alive with the excited chatter of the guest . Rachel move against the tide of the audience with a fix social smile , murmure thanks to well - wisher , try to get out , try not to look like she 's try to get out ... 7 ext . tel aviv . HOTEL near tel aviv . patio - continuous 7 she emerge onto the empty patio , slide the glass door shut behind she , muffle the chatter from the room beyond . she light a cigarette , inhale greedily , try to calm down . she stare at the sun blaze over the Mediterranean ahead of she . her glass darken against the reflect glare . as if sense something she turn to see a SMALL boy - she grandson - watch she from behind the glass of the patio door , something unnerving in he direct gaze . Rachel stare back at he in silence . Sarah appear behind the boy , she son , and scoops he up into a hug . still the boy stare at he grandmother , who give a tight smile and turn back to the sea . another guest walk up to Sarah and she nod , smile , at what he be say to she but she eye slide back to she mother , stand on the other side of the glass . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 5 . 8 1nt / ext . apartment block . tel aviv suburb - day 8 a shabby , dimly - light stairwell in a run-down section of the city . a young mossad agent knock at one of the apartment door . after a moment it be answer by older david , now 62 . young agent David peretz ? david yes . young agent you be expect I ? David look at this young version of himself . david yes . I be expect you . young agent would you come with I sir ? David stare at he , then walk back into the apartment . the door almost swing shut and the agent catch it , consider walk in after he . but before he can , David re-emerges carry he jacket . david let 's go . title begin - we track with David , close on he face as the two man begin the long walk down the staircase . he do not say anything to he companion , do not look around he , and we hold on that face as he mind try to catch up , try to work something out , to decide ... 9 ext . STREET - continuous 9 the apartment block stand on stilt . abandon furniture be pile around the column support the building . still on David as the two man walk out from the darkness into the street that service the run-down estate . David follow as the agent move ahead towards a larger road . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 6. they cross a busy carriageway , and wait for a moment on the central reservation for a break in the traffic . park on the far side of the road , two identical car , they window tinted . the agent move to the lead car , open the driver 's door and get in . David stop in the road , open the rear passenger door and throw he jacket inside . he pause for a moment and turn to look back at the second car . 10 int . car - continuous 10 a man sit in the back of the car , silhouett against the brightness outside . this be older stephan , now 63 . he watch as David straighten up , hand on hip , squinting up at the sun . 11 ext . STREET . tel aviv suburb - continuous 11 david ( indistinctly ) sorry . the agent turn . young agent what , sir ? david ( beat ) I - I think I ... he stand like that for a moment and then suddenly step out into the road in front of a on-come truck . the impact sweep he out of the frame . the shocked agent scramble out of the vehicle as other car screech to a halt in front of David 's lifeless body . title end . 12 ext . terrace . HOTEL near tel aviv - night 12 a celebratory dinner for the book launch be in progress - publisher , journalist , local dignitary ... final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 7. Rachel be re-join the table , take she place beside she daughter amidst the dinner party chatter . Sarah watch she . sarah when be you go to stop ? rachel stop what ? sarah the smoking . rachel soon. sarah I hope so . do it for you grandson . sarah be you sure you have to go back home tomorrow ? rachel it 's all arrange , I be afraid ... sarah but we will have breakfast before you go ? I think maybe we could take a walk on the beach ? ( try to sound casual ) I would like you to see more of he . a waiter lean over with wine for Rachel . she cover she glass . rachel ( to Sarah , ill - at - ease ) well , I will be back . we can ... maybe in the holiday or ... miriam , a publisher appear at she shoulder with a copy of Sarah 's book . miriam I have mark the place . I think perhaps from chapter eleven ...? rachel ... yes , thank you . Rachel nod absently , flick through the page of the book . Sarah realize , with a small stab of pain , that she have no idea what that mean . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 8. sarah if you would rather read something else , mother ..... rachel no , that 's fine . Rachel be barely listen . she be stare at a black and white photograph in the book . we see that the photograph be of a young man in nazi uniform . it 's title : dieter vogel , " the surgeon of birkenau . " miriam you must be very proud . Rachel look up at she , realize what Miriam be talk about . rachel ( a little automatic ) ... it 's a wonderful achievement . I be very proud of she . miriam and I be sure you be invaluable in the research . sarah ( keeping it light ) actually , my mother withstood all interrogation . my father be the talker . ( try a joke ) I be the only journalist in Israel she will not speak to . Miriam laugh obligingly but Sarah instantly regret the remark . there be a sudden excited murmur from the table . the woman look over to where stephan approach the table . he be in a motorise wheelchair . the mossad agent attend discreetly in the background . Rachel 's face harden . rachel I think he could not come . sarah ( stand up , surprised ) so do I . several of the local politicos have stand up to greet stephan , who be all smile and handshake . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 9. stephan ( to the politico ) please , sit , sit . my God , it must be election season . there 's good - nature laughter from the table . Sarah join she father , kissing he cheek . sarah you come . stephan I come . so you be the famous author I have hear so much about ? Rachel watch as he take a place at the table , pick up a copy of the book and examine the cover photograph , hold he glass a little from he eye to focus . stephan ( cont 'd ) ( without look ) Rachel . rachel stephan . stephan ( to Sarah ) now you be the expert , maybe you could tell I something . ( point to himself ) who 's this handsome devil on the cover ? more polite laughter from the table . stephan ( cont 'd ) it go well ? sarah' husband she be wonderful . stephan that 's good . good , good . that 's very good . Rachel take a sip of water and notice Stephen 's hand , crumble some bread - they be shaking . she look up at he face , read the hide strain there . he sense she gaze and meet it , and for a second he smile falter and something like panic flicker in he eye . Rachel stare back at he , disturb . Miriam stand , tapping she glass with she fork . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 10 . miriam I just want thank you all for come to help we celebrate the launch of this wonderful book . I be sure we be all particularly thrilled to have two of the heroes of this story at the table . and even more thrilled that one of they have agree to read for we ... applause . she gesture to Rachel who stand , still look at stephan . the table quieten down . Rachel open the book at the mark place and hesitates , only now realise what she be about to read . then ... rachel ( read ) " on the evening of the 31st of December , it begin to rain more heavily . so isolate have they become from the outside world that it be only when she look out of the window that Rachel remember it be New Year 's Eve ... 13 int . kitchen . berlin safe house - night - the past 13 Young Rachel stand in the small kitchen . rain lash on the window . she stare out at some firework explode nearby , then turn away and begin to gather three metal saucepan from the shelf . we track with she as she walk into the ... 14 live room 14 and begin to place the pot on the floor to catch the rainwater which be drip through various point in the ceiling . as she position the last pot we revolve around she to get we first view of the far wall . and there , tie to a radiator , be dieter vogel , now 50 . he 's bound , he mouth tape , apparently asleep . Rachel do not , of course , react to this sight . instead she begin to clear away some piece of broken glass BOWL from the floor . we track with she as she walk back down the short hallway into the kitchen , drop the piece of bowl into the bin . from the live room come the three distinct ping of rainwater drip in the pot . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 11 . she stop suddenly , puzzle . it 's a moment before she work out what she 's notice - something have change in the sound of the rainwater next door . there be only two drip instead of three . she walk back towards the live room ... rachel be p.o.v - through the live room door we can see that one of the pot have be overturn . Rachel slow to a stop . a sudden wave of adrenalin cause she to turn but ... it 's too late . Vogel step out of the alcove he 's be stand in so that he be directly in front of she . before she can even cry out he have slashed she face open with a shard of glass . instinctively she cup she hand to she rip face . Vogel grab she by the hair and step behind she , try to worm he other hand underneath she raise arm to reach she throat with the glass . her training kick in , Rachel use a krav magah move to grab and twist Vogel 's forearm , break he hold on she and turn the arm until , with a yell of pain , Vogel drop the shard . he swing wildly at she , but Rachel duck the fist and drive the palm of she hand up into he face . Vogel stumble back , surprised by she speed and the sudden pain of the blow . Rachel be about to press home the attack but be blind by blood from she wound wash into she eye . as she wipe she eye clear , Vogel grab a lamp from a small chest of drawer in the hall and smashes it into she face . she fall . Vogel begin to run , but , drive by adrenaline and desperation , Rachel scramble onto all four and lunge at he , catch hold of he trouser leg as he move towards the front door . Vogel stumble , manage to pull a leg free and stamp down on Rachel who let go with a moan . he stamp again , step free and kick she hard in the head . Rachel roll with the force of the kick and come to a rest , lose consciousness . rachel be p.o.v - low angle - flutter in and out of darkness - Vogel 's foot as he stand beside we , breathe hard . then he turn and hurry to the front door ... and out . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 12. 15 ext . walkway . berlin safe house - night . 15 Vogel hurry along the walkway and set off down the spiral staircase of the apartment building . 16 int . berlin safe house . night . 16 Rachel lie motionless . then a cough . and another . and finally she roll over , hold she gape cheek with one hand , and drag herself towards the chest of drawer . 17 ext . stairwell - night 17 Vogel run down the spiral staircase . 18 int . hallway - night 18 with difficulty , Rachel pull out a gun fitte with a silencer ... and pull herself towards the door . 19 ext . stairwell - night 19 Vogel 's dwindling figure as he near the bottom of the stair . 20 ext . walkway - night 20 stream blood from she face , Rachel heave herself out of the apartment towards the railing guard the walkway . we hear the clatter of Vogel 's foot on the stair below . she raise the gun to the railing , to take aim .... 21 ext . courtyard - night 21 burst from the stairwell , Vogel start to run across the courtyard towards the street . 22 ext . walkway / courtyard - night 22 Rachel 's aim follow Vogel 's lunge for the gateway ... rachel be p.o.v there be a lurid flash of firework from nearby and for a moment we see Vogel light , about to make it to the gate and disappear forever ... final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 13. Rachel fire . a single shot . and , improbably , incredibly , the tiny figure of Vogel drop . Rachel hang over the banister far above we , gun in hand , stare at we with disbelief . 23 ext . terrace . HOTEL near tel aviv - night 23 Rachel finish read and put the book down . nobody move . the air of bonhomie have be replace by a uneasy silence . not know what else to do , one of the guest begin to clap and the other hurriedly join in . Rachel do not acknowledge the applause . stephan be stare at she with a strange intensity . 24 int / ext . stephen' car . tel aviv - night 24 stephan and Rachel sit in the back of the car . behind a screen the young mossad agent we see earlier sit in the front next to the Driver . tel aviv race by in neon smear . the air be charge with tension . rachel ( of the driver ) he 's drive too fast . stephan ignore she . she turn to the window , watch as they streak past another car . rachel ( cont 'd ) this be ridiculous . what 's so important ? tell I where we be go ? stephan we be go to David 's apartment . Rachel turn to he , startle . rachel David ...? stephan I keep track of people Rachel . it 's my job . ( beat ) I know he come to see you yesterday . rachel ( contemptuous ) what 's this ? the jealous ex - husband or the intelligence officer ? final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 14 . stephan a little of both . what do he want ? rachel fuck you . stephan what do he tell you ? something about he intensity unnerve she . rachel he do not tell I anything . ( off he look ) he do not ! he tell I where he would be travel , that he would be teach ... we speak for a few minute and then I have to go . stephan be still stare at she , read she . rachel ( cont 'd ) ( bristle ) if you do not believe I ask he yourself . and then he can not keep it from he face - and she know . something terrible have happen . 25 int . live room . david' apartment - night 25 stephan sit in the middle of the squalid live room , lose in think . 26 bedroom 26 Rachel walk slowly though the room , take it all in - the little island of occupation , the place where David sit , read , sleep . pile of newspaper . use cup . a mound of laundry ... on Rachel as she look about she , look for something , some sign from the man she know . but there 's nothing personal here . this be the room of a man who have no real home . 27 bathroom 27 Rachel walk in and switch on the light . she stare around the dirty bathroom . CUT to : final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 15 . 28 close on young david 28 ... turn to face we , the beautiful smile ... CUT to : 29 back on older rachel 29 ... as she begin to cry . 30 live room - continuous 30 stephan sit listen to she break down . 31 live room - later 31 Rachel sit on the couch . rachel why do he do it ? stephan look at she , consider . he take out a sheet of printed paper , hand it to she . she read some of the first page , then look up at he . and now we see it on she face too . fear . 32 ext . stairwell outside david' apartment - night 32 the mossad agent sit on the stair , smoking . as the door behind he open he stand aside and watch Rachel sweep past he down the stair , without give he a glance . 33 int . rachel be HOTEL - night 33 Rachel be pack , fold clothes neatly , precisely , silently - all the time a terrible tension in she movement . she try to close a drawer but it stick , she keep try , then in a sudden rush of fury yank the drawer free and hurl it across the room . she stand breathe hard . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 16 . 34 ext . patio terrace / beach . HOTEL near tel aviv - day 34 the next day . tables under umbrella be range along the terrace . Sarah and she husband be on the beach below , play with they son , laugh . as if feel we gaze , she look up at we , shield she eye against the sun . reverse Rachel sit at a table with stephan , watch she daughter . stephan take out a envelope and pass it to she . she open it and examine the content - a AIR - plane ticket and two passport . stephan take out a small black case and slide it across the table towards she . she turn to look at it with disgust , knowing what it be . then she take it and put it in she handbag . stephan my car 's wait outside . it can take you to the airport . Rachel turn back to stare at she daughter . 35 on the beach 35 Sarah , play with she son , glance up once more at she mother on the patio . 36 sarah' p.o.v 36 Rachel stand , a elegant woman at breakfast , she dark glass , she suit ... she raise a hand and wave . puzzle , Sarah wave back , then watch as she mother begin to walk away from she . 37 int . lobby / STREET - day 37 pulling rachel ... as she walk from the bright light of the patio into the relative darkness of the hotel lobby , suitcase in hand , face set , steely . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 17 . we track with she as she emerge from the shadow of the hotel back into the bright sunshine of the street and start to walk along the sidewalk . after a moment a car purr alongside . she ignore it for a moment , keep on walk , the car cruise beside she . finally , almost angrily , she stop and get in . the young agent sit in the back seat next to she . the car pull smoothly away . 38 ext . tel aviv airport - day 38 Rachel climb from the car and walk towards the building , pull she wheeled suitcase . the young agent have climb out and move swiftly ahead of she , wait as she pass into the departure building . 39 int . airport passport control - day 39 Rachel look down at she passport . we see she photograph and name - rachel singer . she hardly react as the agent usher she to the front of the queue . a Officer take she passport , and as he check it , we see ... 40 int . check - point control booth . east berlin - day - the 40 past ... the passport again . we be now look at the black and white image of young rachel . the name beneath it be elsa roget . the passport be sly back across the counter and we find ourselves in ... 41 ext . check - point . east berlin - day 41 Rachel take she passport back from the border guard and walk forward , past the barrier into east germany . rachel be p.o.v a crowd of people be wait beyond the check - point for they love one . they be all look eagerly at we . only one young man have he back to we , turn away to light a cigarette . then he turn - Young David - a fine , sensitive face , darkly shadow eye . this be the shot we see earlier . a moment when we see how anxious he be to play he part right . then he smile he beautiful smile ... final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 18. super title read " East Berlin , 1965 . " Rachel walk up to he and after a fractional hesitation they embrace . david ( in german ) how be you trip ? rachel ( german ) Fine . everyone send they love . david you have cut you hair . high angle David take she suitcase , and they begin to walk away , hand in hand , along the berlin wall . finally ... david I be David . Rachel nod , embarrassed . rachel Rachel . 42 ext . another STREET - day 42 they have turn into another , quieter street . David let go of she hand , and they walk on . 43 ext . courtyard / balcony . apartment build - day 43 a figure lean over the railing on the crumble balcony at the top of the building , smoking a cigarette , watch . this be young stephan . high shot - Pov David and Rachel be come through the iron gate into the run-down look courtyard . a middle - aged woman - the building 's only other occupant - watch the couple as the pass , David murmure a greeting . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 19 . 44 int / ext . stairwell - day 44 a brief glimpse of the couple climb the wind stair - a view we have see before . 45 int . east berlin - safe house . day 45 the place look like a squat . young stephan sit play idly at a batter old upright piano , a cigarette in he mouth . he look up as David and Rachel walk in and stand frame in the doorway , look every inch the young marry couple . stephan look at they for a beat , then start to play the first few bar of mendelssohn 's wedding march . the other two blush furiously , not amused . Rachel take she case from David . rachel where do I sleep ? stephan you be in my room . he wait just long enough to enjoy she reaction . stephan ( cont 'd ) I be move in with he . ( beat ) you be at the end there . she nod and walk off . 46 int . kitchen - later 46 stephan be smoking . David sit at the table . he be use a file to create a notch at the bottom of a thin strip of sprung steel . both man can hear the bath running in the bathroom , both very aware of this new female presence in the house they have be share together for the last month . stephan what do you think of you new wife ? David frown at the steel strip , seem preoccupy . david too young . stephan watch he , amused . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 20 . stephan pretty . David shrug . stephan ( cont 'd ) you do not notice . he begin to sort he possession out . stephan ( cont 'd ) you know what I have notice ? you do not notice woman . I have notice that . how long have I know you ? david ( examine the steel ) I do not know . stephan two year . all the place we have be to . you do not look at woman . before I get into that bed , be there anything you have to tell I ? David sigh , blow on the steel strip and hold it up for stephan to examine . we hear the bathroom door open and there be a quick glimpse of Rachel wrap in a towel as she slip past the door head for she room . the two man watch she pass . stephan turn and catch David 's expression . stephan well , well ... I think he just notice . CUT to : 47 int . safe house - rachel be room - night 47 Rachel sit on she bed drying she hair . she stop , listen to the indistinct murmur of the man 's voice from the room next door . Rachel lean towards the wall , try to hear more but the voice fall silent . 48 int . safehouse - morning 48 David , hold a kitchen knife , move to stab stephan . stephan use a krav magah move to disarm he . the knife clatter to the floor as he twist David 's arm behind he back . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 21 . there 's a element of show off and stephan use a little more force than be necessary . David wince but do not say anything . stephan turn to Rachel who have be watch . stephan yes ? Rachel nod and they change place . David pick up the knife and repeat the " attack " move on she . she disarm he easily . stephan ( cont 'd ) now a attack from behind . David take he position , grab Rachel from behind , but he 's so awkward with she the attack seem a little tentative . stephan talk as Rachel practise break free from the hold . stephan ( cont 'd ) where have you come from ? rachel Argentina . stephan really ? whereabouts ? rachel cordoba . stephan what be you do there ? rachel my husband be a industrial chemist . stephan glance at David , amused . stephan he do look like a chemist . David grab Rachel again , once more hold back a little . stephan ( cont 'd ) she 's not go to fuck break , David . move . he take David 's place . stephan ( cont 'd ) what be you do before this ? final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 22. rachel before Argentina we live in hungary where my husband study ... stephan be smile . she realize he 's talk about mossad . rachel ( cont 'd ) oh ... liaison . stephan and what do you do in liaison ? rachel ( beat ) translator . stephan look even more amused . stephan so , first time in the field . Rachel feel herself blush a little angrily . stephan grab she from behind and Rachel execute a perfect break , twist Stephen 's arm . stephan wince , surprised . stephan ( cont 'd ) good . that 's ...good . David give the slight of smile . david welcome to metsada . 49 omitted 49 50 int . berlin safe house - rachel's bedroom . night . 50 Rachel lie in bed , restlessly play with a locket around she neck . give up on try to sleep , Rachel rise from the bed , throw on a robe and pad out of the room ... 51 int . berlin safe house - live room . continuous . 51 ... and into the live room . she sit down at the table , stare at a file before she . she hesitates then open it , force herself to look at the terrible photograph inside - a pile of severe leg , body cover in mustard gas wound , phosphorus burn , a naked woman , barely a skeleton , hold up by two Nazi nurse , a row of dead baby , ruler laid beside they to indicate dimension ... final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 23. Rachel stare at this last image , overwhelm . 52 hallway 52 David stand watch she through the half open door . he make a small move - perhaps to go to she - then stop himself and slip back into the darkness . 53 ext . STREET - morning 53 a tram trundle down the wide Berlin street . Rachel and David be walk to Vogel 's surgery , hold hand . she 's pale , very frighten . David walk , try , and fail , to think of anything to say to she . he suddenly notice a odd sound . it 's Rachel , hum tunelessly to herself , very low . something about this pierce he . he give she hand a squeeze . 54 ext . clinic - day 54 the two stand in the doorway , at the foot of the stair lead into the clinic , they husband and wife routine . david ( in german ) I will be wait for you . she nod , try to smile . rachel ( she throat be tight ) I will not ... be long . they kiss . she turn to go , look so young and lose ... David hesitates , stare after she , then walk quickly away . Rachel walk up the step towards the entrance . 55 int . waiting room . day . 55 a large notice board cover with photograph of grateful smile mother hold they newborn baby - row upon row of new life . Rachel sit stare at the board . she turn she attention to the frost glass door to the doctor 's surgery . indistinct shadow move on the other side . she turn to look at the other two woman sit look through magazine , then back to the door . a shadow darken as it approach the glass , then the door open and a nurse lean out . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 24 . ( all dialogue at the clinic be in german , subtitle . ) nurse frau roget ? with a smile , the nurse gesture for Rachel to enter . 56 int . examination room . day . 56 Rachel stand behind a screen , try to control she nerve . all we can hear be the sound of running water and Rachel 's tense breathe . finally she take off she skirt and unbutton she blouse with tremble finger . she put on the gown , and slip out of she underpant , stumbling as she step out of they . we track with she as she walk out from behind the screen into the large brightly light room . she walk towards the gynaecological chair at the centre of the room . on the far wall , behind a screen , someone stand wash they hand at a basin . as she walk , Rachel pass a tray of medical instrument , she glance linger on it . she reach the chair and climb onto it . a pause and then , tentatively , she lift she foot into the stirrup , tug the gown to cover herself as best she can . she try to steady she breathe , focuss on the ceiling . a bright light shine down on she . we hear footstep approach . Rachel close she eye . vogel good morning , frau roget . I be Doctor bernhardt . Rachel open she eye . Vogel be sit on a small stool , take a speculum from the tray of instrument , he back to we . rachel good morning , doctor . he turn and smile at we - and he have a wonderful , warm smile , the air of a gruff but kindly uncle . vogel alright now , just relax . we be go to do a little examination . if you feel at all uncomfortable , you just say . alright ? final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 25 . she manage to nod . vogel ( cont 'd ) alright , this be my hand ... and this be the speculum . it 's go to feel cold . Rachel react as Vogel push the speculum into place , open it and begin the examination . she stare up into the light . vogel ( cont 'd ) can I ask how old you be ? rachel twenty five . vogel and how long have you and you husband be try for a baby ? rachel nearly two year . vogel uhuh . well , the ovary look fine . alright , let 's see ... you cervix be slightly retrovert . tilted backwards ? Rachel raise she hand to she locket necklace and begin to fiddle with it . rachel really ? the angle from which we next see vogel , and the way the image of he face freeze in black and white , tell we clearly that this locket conceal a camera device . vogel mmm . but that generally should not affect fertility . rachel oh , good . vogel you have a slight accent , frau roget . where be you from ? rachel Argentina . we just move here ... a few month ago . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 26 . vogel whereabouts in Argentina ? Buenos Aires ? he look up at she and Rachel instinctively move she hand away from the locket . she find herself nodd . Vogel look away again . Rachel bite down on a wave of panic . vogel ( cont 'd ) oh , Buenos Aires . beautiful . I go once , when I be young . we go to the Opera house I remember . what 's it call again ? Rachel stare at the light . beat . rachel teatro colon . he turn back to she , hold a swab , the warm smile . vogel that 's right . beautiful . this might sting a little , dear . Rachel wince . vogel ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . now , there 's a couple of test we need to run , make sure there be no problem . be that alright ? Rachel nod . he pat she hand . vogel ( cont 'd ) brave girl . 57 ext . clinic - day 57 Rachel walk out and find David wait , smoking . he take she hand and they walk off without speak . 58 ext . quiet STREET - day 58 the two turn the corner , out of sight of the clinic . David glance at she . she look pale , shake . he feel a wave of sudden tenderness for she , open he mouth to say something then catch himself . close on they hand . after a moment David lets go . they walk on . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 27 . 59 int . bar - day 59 stephan sit at a table . Rachel and David appear beside he and join he . there be a awkward silence for a moment . stephan sip he coffee . stephan ( in german ) so. everything ...? rachel ( in german , abruptly ) next appointment be on Wednesday . she look at David but he be stare at the table . like stephan he be uncomfortable with the think of what Rachel have be through . she take he hand . he look up , surprised , search she face ... but then Rachel let go and walk off towards the toilet . David look down at the silver locket lie in he palm . 60 ext . STREET - day 60 stephan walk down the street . a smartly dressed man walk towards he , absently jingling he car keys in he hand . as he near stephan , the man fumble the key and they drop . stephan dip down to pick they up and hand they back to the man with a smile . smartly dressed man vielen dank ! stephan bitte sehr . the two continue on they way , and we follow the smartly dress man , close in on he hand , in which he now hold he key and the locket . we see he tuck it into he jacket pocket as he walk on . 61 ext . railway station - footbridge - early evening 61 the footbridge which cross over a close railway station below . on either side of the bridge run a barb wire top fence . a few pedestrian cross the bridge in the early evening gloom , intent on get home . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 28. David and stephan appear , walk over the bridge towards we . David 's eye flick to the track ahead and below as a train begin to thunder by . stephan begin to count softly to himself as the train run below he foot . stephan one , two , three , four , five , six ... david ( o.s. ) it 's a ghost station ... 62 int . kitchen . safe - house - evening 62 a hand - draw plan of a railway station be on the table . David indicate the track on the plan . david West Berlin train pass through East Berlin on this track , but do not stop . stephan usually . he raise a lighter to the cigarette in he mouth . match CUT to : 63 ext . railway bridge - evening 63 as the train disappear into the gloom and stephan slow to light he cigarette . beside he David 's eye flick to the station platform in between the track below , eerily light in the gather dusk . david be p.o.v - several border guard patrol the abandon platform . david ( v.o. ) the station 's guard at all time ... we be tracking past the entrance to stair lead down from the bridge onto the platform below . we see it 's be seal off with a lock gate . another border guard stand on the stair below , stare up at we as we pass ... 64 int . kitchen . safehouse - evening 64 at kitchen table final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 29 . David indicate the point on the plan . david ... and the stair to the platform be seal off . 65 ext . railway bridge - evening 65 the two man have walk on past the mid-point of the bridge . David glance at the far track . david be p.o.v - the track run along the far side of the platform . on the other side of the track be a barb - wire top wire fence . david ( v.o. ) we train driver make a unschedule stop on the near track . stephan ( v.o . ) the last two carriage will be around ... 66 int . kitchen safehouse - evening 66 stephan indicate a point on the track . stephan ...here . and they will be empty . once that train have stop , the guard will not be able to see this fence . and on the other side of the fence be ... 67 ext . the railway bridge - evening 67 the two man be at the top of the stair on the other side of the bridge now . stephan glance to he right ... stephen be p.o.v - tracking as we descend the stair . we can see that on the other side of that high wire fence be a car park and a long , low building ... stephan ( v.o . ) ...a postal depot . we see that car park be line with the yellow van of Deutsche post. several female postal worker in dark skirt and white blouse stand around the car park on they break , smoking and chat . as we watch one of the van trundle out of the OPEN factory gate . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 30 . stephan ( v.o . ) the van come and go all day long . 68 int . kitchen . safehouse - evening 68 David roll up the plan . david we be just one more parcel . once we be in West Berlin there will be transport to templehof airbase and a private charter . stephan stub out he cigarette . stephan that 's the wrapping . now all we need be the present . Rachel realise both man be look at she . 69 omitted 69 70 omitted 70 71 omitted 71 72 omitted 72 73 int . live room . berlin safe house - evening 73 Rachel run the hem of a partially - make white garment through a sewing machine . she finish and take it over to where stephan stand wait . it 's unfinish , but a fairly good approximation of a medic' white coat . rachel try this on . stephan put it on . she tug at the coat , straighten the unfinish collar , run she hand down the front to smooth it out . rachel ( cont 'd ) ( be : the coat ) how do it feel ? final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 31 . stephan ( flirt ) Nice . Rachel ignore this , begin to pin the cuff of one of the sleeve . stephan ( cont 'd ) here you be , mossad agent , all that year of training , the high level of marksmanship and krav magah , first big mission ... sewing . Rachel resist a smile , brandish the pin . rachel Black belt in dressmake . he hold up he hand in surrender . stephan I never argue with a armed woman . 74 int . kitchen . safehouse - later 74 Rachel and stephan sit as David serve the dinner . Rachel examine she dish . rachel ( politely ) what be it ? david ( beat ) it do not have a name . stephan taste he . stephan ( grimace ) shit . David lift he spoon , blow on it . david ( solemn ) now it do . they laugh a little , settle into eat . David stare at he bowl , decide whether or not to say something . finally ... final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 32 . david ( cont 'd ) it 's my birthday . they look up at he in surprise . 75 int . bar - later 75 tinny music play . the place be almost empty . in the back of the bar the three sit in a corner drink beer - just young people , laugh , a little drunk . they could be student . Rachel be recite something from memory . rachel uh , at ten - study the mishnah , at fifteen - study the talmud . by eighteen - stand under the wedding canopy ... stephan we be too late for all of that . they laugh . rachel uh ...twenty . in you twenty you be to " pursue you life 's goal . " stephan ( flirtatious ) what be you pursue Rachel ? Rachel think about it , shrug . rachel I do not know . I be wait to find out . stephan ( smile to himself ) youth ... rachel what about you , grandfather ? have you get a goal ? stephan ( smiling ) oh yes . we believe in goal in my family . we be very drive man . my father be director of collection by the time he be fifty . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 33. rachel so what 's you goal ? stephan director of collection by forty . they laugh . rachel ( to David ) what about you David . what " life goal " be you pursue ? David smile , stare at he drink . david this be it . Rachel laugh , look around at they less than glamorous surroundings . rachel this be it ? this be all you want ? David laugh . he would obviously rather change the subject but Rachel be a little drunk , a little curious . rachel seriously , what do you want out of life ? david ( beat , shrug ) I want this . I want to get Vogel . I want he to be put on trial and I want the world to watch so everyone know what he do . I want they all to know the truth . he look up at they face , embarrassed at have darken the atmosphere . david and ... I want another drink . he get up and walk off to the bar . Rachel stare after he . stephan watch she . stephan forget about it . rachel forget about what ? final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 34 . stephan I have spend two year with he , and I do not know he . nobody know he . he 's alone . Rachel think this over . rachel what about family ? stephan stare at she . she realise what this mean . rachel ( cont 'd ) all of they ? stephan ( o.s. ) all of they . he look over at David stand at the bar . stephan ( cont 'd ) maybe it 's not always a bless to survive . 76 ext . STREET / park - day 76 a tram pass , revealing stephan walk across the scrubby , desolate park , jingling car key in he hand . suddenly he drop they . he 's about to pick they up when a man dip down and hand they back to he . we recognize the moment . stephan vielen dank ! smartly dressed man bitte sehr . stephan walk on . in he hand he be now hold a small metal tube . 76a int . examination room . clinic - day . 76 a from Rachel 's Pov we be watch Vogel as he prepare he instrument . she have come for she second examination . vogel this be my hand . this be the speculum . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 35 . Rachel flinch as she feel the speculum . vogel ( cont 'd ) how do you find I ? rachel ( beat ) what ? vogel who tell you about I ? rachel who ... tell we ? vogel be you refer by a doctor , or ...? rachel ( try to conceal she relief ) oh , Doctor eisenberg . vogel ah-ha . how be the old Jew ? rachel very good . Vogel busy himself for a moment . vogel any history of infertility in you family frau roget ? rachel no . vogel be you period irregular ? Rachel stare up at the light . rachel yes . vogel yes . I think we have find the problem . Rachel stare at he - she do not know there be a problem . vogel ( cont 'd ) it 's very common . you ovarian follicle ... well , inside you be still immature . ( more ) final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 36 . vogel ( cont 'd ) we need to help you with this . there 's something we can use , a little injection . do you want to proceed ? Rachel nod , dumbly . Vogel nod , turn back to he tray of instrument , begin prepare a injection . Vogel turn back to she with the hypodermic needle . instinctively Rachel stiffen . he inject she . vogel ( cont 'd ) ( as he work ) how many brother and sister do you have ? rachel ( stiff ) none . vogel a only child ? Rachel nod . Vogel smile , not unkindly . vogel ( cont 'd ) and yet you say there 's no family history of fertility problem ? rachel ( beat ) I lose my mother in the war . Vogel stare at she . then , to she dismay , he take her hand , and pat it with such a sad , sympathetic look , that she feel she eye prick with tear . then he let go and turn back to the examination . 76b ext . clinic - day 76 B Rachel come out to find David wait for she again . once more he take she hand and they walk off . 76c ext . quiet STREET - day 76c as they turn into the quiet street , David let go of she hand . Rachel stop . she look shake . David watch she . david be you alright ? she nod . suddenly Rachel take he hand again . David stare straight ahead but he doesn't pull free and they walk on like that . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 37 . 77 omitted 77 78 int . safe house - live room - evening 78 Rachel and David walk into the room and find stephan wait for they . stephan Identity be confirm . we have a green light . Rachel and David stare at he . 78a ext . another STREET - day 78a we be look at a yellow deutsche post van . stephan and David be walk towards it . stephan stop by the van , shield David as he drop the length of thin steel we see he work on earlier , from he sleeve - a improvise slim jim . with professional ease he slip the Jim between the window and the weather shield . in second he have the door open and the two climb in ... 79 int . kitchen . safe house - night 79 Rachel come out of the bathroom in she nightclothes , with she hair wet around she . she look into the kitchen . David be sit smoking . Rachel pause in the doorway and then walk in . a small two bar electric fire provide the only light in the room . Rachel kneel down in front of it to dry she hair . David look at she as Rachel spread she hair around she shoulder . she look very beautiful . she start to comb she hair . on impulse , Rachel hold out the comb to David . David take it . he start to comb , pull it slowly through she hair . then stop . the atmosphere be suddenly charge . david it 's a brave thing you be do . rachel I be not brave . I be terrify . david but you be do it anyway . because you know how important it be . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 38 . another stroke and then he stop again , stare at the comb in he hand . david you be very brave . rachel ( beat ) David ... Rachel turn round and stare at he , overcome with long . she lean in to kiss he . for a moment David hesitates , but then it 's as if something inside he close and he pull back from Rachel , he face cold . without a word he get up and walk out . Rachel sit , crush ... 80 int . live room . berlin safe house - later . 80 Rachel , sit at the piano in she robe , pick out note . she 's be cry . stephan stand watch she from the doorway , hold a drink - something slightly predatory about he . he cross to she , sit down beside she and start to match she note . they work out a nonsense tune between they . 81 int kitchen - continuous 81 David listen as they play . 82 int . live room - continuous 82 Rachel pick up Stephen 's drink and take a sip . stephan it 's whiskey . defiantly Rachel drain the glass , grimace a little . stephan watch she . he continue to play , move the melody up in octave until he hand be beside hers , then cover hers . Rachel brushes he away . he put he hand back and start to caress she wrist . stephan ( cont 'd ) you be so beautiful ... he begin to kiss she neck . Rachel stare ahead , pretend it be not happen . then she give in , turn to he . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 39 . 83 int . rachel's bedroom - morning 83 Rachel stand at the mirror , dress in a dark skirt and white blouse , try to control all the emotion she be feel . behind she stephan lie in the bed watch she . neither speak . 84 ext . courtyard / STREET - late afternoon 84 Rachel and David cross the courtyard to the gate . David hold it open for Rachel . as they turn into the street , David take she hand . both stare fixedly ahead , only too aware of what happen the night before . 85 omitted 85 86 int . examination room . later 86 Rachel be in the chair for what she know will - whatever happen - be the last time . vogel alright , this be my hand . and this be the speculum . rachel okay . Vogel begin the exam . from beneath she gown Rachel slip a hypodermic needle . vogel you have intercourse last night ? rachel ( tight ) yes . vogel good . you be at the most fertile stage of you cycle . this be very good timing . he turn to he tray of implement . vogel ( cont 'd ) I think we be go to see result . ( more ) final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 40 . vogel ( cont 'd ) all you have to do be have faith . ask any of my patient . rachel what about you patient in birkenau ...? Vogel look up in shock . Rachel grab a fistful of he hair and pull he head to one side . with she other hand she jam the needle into the side of he neck , and begin to depress the syringe . Vogel give a grunt of surprise , open he mouth to speak but no sound come . he grab vaguely for Rachel 's throat with one hand , struggle with the needle with he other , eye dull with fury , fight the drug racing through he . Rachel fight to hold he , buck on the chair , pin beneath he weight , struggle for breath ... weaken , vogel manage to pull the needle free and it drop to the floor ... insert of syringe ... which we see still contain some fluid . a rope of spittle drool from Vogel 's contort mouth onto she face . then he eyelid flutter and close and he collapse onto she . Rachel pull he hand from she throat , gasp for air . finally she push he to the ground . she leap up and deliberately knock the tray of medical instrument to the floor . rachel ( cont 'd ) help ! the nurse run in , react at the sight of the prone vogel . rachel ( cont 'd ) he collapse ! nurse my God ! what happen ?! rachel ( overlap ) I do not know ! I do not know ! he just clutch he chest and collapse ! the nurse grab for the phone and dial . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 41 . nurse ( into the phone ) I need a ambulance ! Karl -gustav- strasse . the clinic . my husband have have a heart attack . Rachel react to this revelation . emergency operator ( o.s. ) ( over phone ) you name please ? nurse it 's frau bernhardt , please , please hurry ! 87 ext . rear of clinic - continuous 87 stephan kneel in a recess of the building , by the open network junction BOX of the clinic . he 's wear headphone , alligator - clipped to two cable in the box . emergency operator ( o.s. ) ( over phone ) the ambulance be already on the way , madam . stephan un - clip the phone and pocket they . he straighten up , close the junction box and walk calmly away , through a gate in the wall , into the next courtyard . high shot as stephan race up some step , along a balcony , and into the building ... 88 int / ext . apartment build - continuous 88 tracking with stephan through the hallway , out of the door and onto the street .... 89 ext . ambulance dispatch - continuous 89 a ambulance , siren wail , start out of the dispatch , and swing onto the street . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 42. 90 ext . STREET outside clinic - continuous 90 stephan round the corner of the street and walk toward the clinic . he check he watch as he turn into a alley opposite the entrance . 91 int . examination room . late afternoon 91 Rachel finish dress , look anxiously at the nurse as she crouch by she unconscious husband , monitoring he breathe . 92 ext . STREET - continuous 92 the ambulance speed on . 93 ext . STREET near clinic - continuous 93 stephan pull back some rusty door . park in the small courtyard beyond be the van we see before , now decorate with ambulance decal and light . David drive the car forward as stephan climb into the passenger side ... 94 int . examination room . late afternoon 94 Rachel pace outside the door , look down the corridor . the nurse wipe away a tear , tense and frighten . nurse ( to no one in particular ) oh god ! come on , come on ! hurry ! 95 omitted 95 96 int . the clinic - continuous 96 a siren approach and Rachel move to the door ... rachel they be here . stay with he . I will go and get they ... the nurse nod gratefully . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 43. 97 ext . clinic - continuous 97 ...a vehicle pull up . whether it 's the real ambulance or the fake one , we be not sure . 98 int . lobby . clinic - continuous . 98 Rachel run past the concerned patient in the wait area to see ... David and stephan , come up the stair , hold a stretcher . 99 int . examination room . moment later 99 Rachel lead they in . stephan crouch down beside Vogel and take he pulse . stephan we need to take he to the hospital . he and David open up the stretcher and transfer Vogel to it with some efficiency . nurse oh God ! stephan he 's go to be alright . Rachel and the nurse follow David and stephan as they carry the stretcher out through the wait room . 100 int . lobby . clinic - continuous 100 we hear the siren of the real ambulance start up not - so - very - far-away down the street as David and stephan push the stretcher towards the door . the nurse follow , but David stop she . david I be sorry , madam , but you will need to meet we at the hospital . nurse but ... I want to travel with he . david not possible I be afraid . New regulation . we begin to register that the siren be grow louder with every second . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 44 . as stephan and David carry the stretcher down the stair , Rachel take the nurse 's hand to detain she . rachel do not worry , he 's in good hand now . he 's go to be fine . nurse thank you ... thank you . rachel you should get you thing , go to the hospital to meet he . the nurse nod tearfully , start to back towards she office , watch as they disappear . 101 ext . clinic - late afternoon . 101 David close the rear door of the van and the two jump in and drive off as Rachel come out of the building . she begin to walk briskly away . behind she , the real ambulance be pull up at the clinic . she do not turn back . 102 ext . courtyard / STREET near clinic - late afternoon 102 the deutsche post van that David and stephan steal earlier pull out into the street . behind it we catch a glimpse of the now abandon ambulance . David quickly close the gate and climb in . 103 ext . STREET near clinic - moment later 103 stephan draw up alongside Rachel and she climb in as the door be open for she . 104 int . back of van - moment later 104 the winter evening be gather outside . David and Rachel be in the back of the van . David have take off the white coat . David check he watch . stephan ( tense ) I know , I know . he accelerate . Rachel grab hold of the back of the seat to avoid fall . she look down at the stretcher - Vogel lie unconscious . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 45 . one of he hand jolt free and drop onto she foot . gingerly she step free . 105 ext . deutsche post depot - night 105 high angle the depot car park be dark - row of postal van park up . a eerie silence . through the high fence behind the van we can make out the track and dimly light station platform beyond - guard patrol in the little pool of light . as we watch a postal worker come out of the depot and walk through the carpark and out of the gate , he shift finish . 106 inside the van 106 p.o.v - through van windscreen we be watch the worker walk in front of we and leave the car park . in the dark of the back of the van , Rachel crouch , watch he leave . she turn back to where stephan and David wait by the van door , bolt cutter in they hand . on the floor of the van lie Vogel 's unconscious form . they wait in absolute silence , listen to the fade footstep of the worker . David check he watch , hold up a single finger to stephan . moment later we hear the sound of a approach train . stephan raise a hand and count they down - five , four , three , two , one ... the two man open the van door and run at a crouch to the base of the foot- bridge stanchion , as the train roar from the darkness and begin to pass they , screen the two man from the guard on the platform . Rachel close the rear door behind they and run along the line of the fence to the other end of the yard and crouch down by a junction box , screen from the platform , stand watch . she look over to Stephen and David in the shadow of the bridge stanchion . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 46 . again silence fall . then faintly we hear another engine approach . moment later another train begin to roar past . instantly the two man rise from the shadow and begin to CUT through the wire fence , work with fierce concentration . stephan ( softly ) one , two , three , four , five , six ... 107 at the junction BOX 107 Rachel check the car park behind for worker . 108 at the fence 108 the train be almost past . the two man work feverishly , snipping through the remain link , work they way towards each other - form a four foot long split in the fence . they sprint for the stanchion again ... stephan ( as he run ) twenty , twenty one , twenty two ... as they dive for cover the last carriage of the train pass . a guard on the platform glance over but see nothing but darkness and the vague outline of the postal van beyond the fence . he continue walk down the platform . 109 at the van 109 Rachel hold she breath , but nothing disturb the new silence . along the fence she can just make out the two man crouch in the shadow . stephan raise he hand in a ok , signal they be ready . Rachel suddenly hear footstep echoing in the car park . through the window of a van , she can see a postal worker emerge from the depot and crossing the car park . as she watch he take out a cigarette , start to light it but then stop . he be stare over at the footbridge , as if he can faintly make out that dark shape at the base ... he take a few step forward , puzzle . a little closer and he might really see something ... final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 47 . Rachel look to the platform - the two guard visible there be talk to each other , look the other way . she take she chance - move up behind the park van ... on the worker ..as he take a few step closer to where stephan and David be crouch ... rachel ( o.s. ) ( call ) do you have a light ? the man turn and take in this pretty postal worker , who have emerge behind he . he smile and walk back towards she . he light she cigarette , study she face . worker you new ? rachel first shift . the girl say it be okay to come out for a smoke .... 110 at the fence 110 David and stephan lie listen to the murmured conversation . worker yeah , it 's okay . be you work until midnight ? rachel yes . worker after the late shift most of we go to the vetter . do you know it ? David check he watch again , nod at stephan . we hear another approaching train . 111 on rachel 111 ... smile , pretend to be listen to the Worker . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 48. worker ... it 's just on the corner . you should come along . she glance through the fence and down the track to where the train 's light can be see approach in the gloom . this be it . 111a inside the van 111a the inert body of Vogel , lie on the floor . his hand , bound at the wrist , suddenly twitch involuntarily . 112 in the train - driver be cab - continuous 112 Pov - the border Guards on the platform . the driver begin to brake . 113 on the platform 113 the border Guards watch in surprise as the train slow ... 114 at the fence 114 as it pass they , the train screen stephan and David from the platform . the two man rise and swiftly begin to cut the remain section of fence . as the train come to a halt the last carriage stop directly opposite they , empty and dark . they be almost there . 114a on the platform 114a in the distance , at the head of the train , the driver can be see step down and gesture to the guard , point up ahead . driver there 's something on the track up here ! the Guards peer doubtfully into the gloom ahead . one set off to investigate . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 49 . 115 on rachel 115 ... get rid of the Worker . rachel well , maybe I will see you there ? I finish in half a hour . why do not you go and get I a drink ready ? the Worker can not believe he luck . worker half a hour then . he start to move towards the gate ... suddenly the van horn blare , shatter the silence of the car park . 115a at the fence 115 a stephan and David turn back to the van . 115b on rachel 115b she turn , shocked . the Worker too turn back in surprise . 116 in the van 116 Vogel , hand still tie have worm he way over the seat and be press frantically on the horn . he claw at the tape over he mouth , manage to pull it free . stephan leap into the van and be upon he in second . Vogel manage to give a hoarse yell , then stephan use a krav magah move to silence he . 117 on the platform 117 the remain border Guard be stare over at the darken car park , try to work out what he just hear . 117a on rachel 117a worker what be that ...? final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 50 . 118 at the fence 118 David watch in dismay as a Guard come into view at the far end of the platform , enter a guard hut . he lift a telephone inside . david ( softly ) fuck . he head for the van at a crouching run . 119 omitted 119 120 on rachel 120 Rachel indicate the van close to they . rachel I think it come from over here ? worker no , it be one of that ... he step past she , peer at the shadowy van ahead . Rachel stare at he wonder if she can take he down silently . border guard ( o.s. ) stay where you be ! she turn to see two border guard approach the side gate of the car park . 120a on the platform 120a ... as the border Guard come back from check the line ahead . border guard there 's nothing there . get move now ! his part of the mission complete , the Driver climb back into he cab . 120b on rachel 120b ... as one of the Guards approach she , pistol draw . the second guard fan past , walk slowly towards the bridge . the first guard shine a torch into Rachel 's face . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 51 . first guard what be you do here ? rachel I work here . I be on a break . first guard show I you papers , both of you . the Worker nervously fumble for he papers , pass they to the Guard who inspect they . 121 at the fence 121 David watch Rachel offer she papers to the Guard as the train start to rumble back into life . he move back towards the van . at the van stephan ( hiss ) we have to go ! David stare over at Rachel . stephan grab Vogel . stephan we can make it . help I with he ... 122 on rachel 122 first guard ( handing they back ) you can go . the Worker gratefully hurry away . Rachel be watch tensely as the second Guard close on the van ... 123 at the van 123 stephan watch the train pull away , there last chance . he have pull Vogel 's body to the door . stephan ( hiss ) we be go ! now ! final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 52 . David shake he head . david not without she . he move up the blind side of the van ... 124 in front of the van 124 the second Guard take a few more step and stop in surprise - the open in the fence visible now . second guard ( startle ) hey ! over here ! David appear behind he and downs he , fast . a Guard on the platform have turn to see the open in the fence , and yell out . 125 on rachel 125 as the Guard beside she turn he attention to he comrade , Rachel grab the guard 's gun hand , sweeping it away from she , at the same time step in close and punch the guard 's throat with she other hand . as he stagger back choke , she twist the gun free . 126 omitted 126 127 on the platform 127 another guard hit a alarm . a siren begin to sound ... 127a on rachel 127a about to head back to the van . a shot ring out and a bullet suddenly strike the ground beside she . she look up to see a guard have appear up on the bridge , rifle aim at she . other Guards open FIRE , jump down onto the track and advance towards the cut fence . acting on instinct , Rachel return fire with the pistol , and take cover behind the wall ... final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 53. 128 at the van 128 stephan have jump into the driver 's seat and start the engine . David scramble into the back , barely make it before stephan be peel out , the back door hang open ... 128a on rachel 128a ... as more guard appear at the side - gate behind she - she 's catch between they now . she watch in dismay as the van head for the exit . suddenly it brake ... in the van stephan throw the gear into reverse .. on rachel and the van begin to reverse with a scream of tyre towards Rachel . the Guards at the side - gate open fire on the van hurtle towards they , bullet pock the rear door . the side door be flung open and Rachel dive in , just as stephan roar forward again . 128b int . van - continuous 128b p.o.v - through windscreen the Guard from the bridge have run down the stair and be now between we and the exit . as we watch he raise he rifle ... stephan down ! the three duck as the Guard fire , punch a neat hole in the windscreen . second later the van thud into he , send he fly . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 54 . 128c ext . van - continuous 128c ... as it roar out of the depot gate , bullet fly past it ... 129 ext . road near station - night 129 stephan be p.o.v on the road ahead a border Guard Jeep appear , drive directly towards they . stephan have no choice - he floor it . at the last second the jeep try to pull right but the van catch its rear side and barrel straight through , the jeep spin off and smash into the wall . 130 in the van 130 stephan fight to keep the van under control , screech into a turn and off down the road . stephan be he dead ? ( beat ) be he dead ? rachel who ? stephan the Guard ! the one who see you face ! be he dead ? rachel no . Stephen 's grim silence say everything . he glance back at the unconscious Vogel lie between the other two . stephan how do he come round ? how the fuck do he come round ? you give he the full injection ? Rachel hesitates . stephan do you give he the ... rachel I do not know ! I think I ... final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 55 . stephan Jesus Christ ! stephan can not believe it 's all fall apart so quickly . stephan we could have go ! david it 's not over . stephen we could have fuck ...! david we still have he ! it's not over ! we still have he . stephan glare at David but do not say anything . the van roar on . 131 int . safe house . corridor - night 131 Rachel sit on the floor look towards the live room , stare at something . rachel be p.o.v ... three pot have be place under drip from the ceiling inside the room . we hear the three distinct note of the water drop . Rachel stare dully at the water drip , feel exhaust and numb . a key scrape and Rachel turn to the door as stephan and David walk in , hair soak from the rain . rachel ( stand up ) what do he say ? stephan stalk past , ignore she . rachel you make contact ? David nod . David look after stephan who 's walk on into the live room in grim silence . rachel what do he say ? final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 56 . david it 's go to take time . they need to open up a new route , they need to find political help . maybe the Americans . two week ... maybe three . Rachel react with dismay . Rachel move after David towards the live room . the camera continue after she . david we work four shift guard he . we feed he at the end of each shift . we never leave he alone . stephan ( turn to Rachel , hard ) and you be compromise . you do not leave the fuck house . david we can do this . we just need to stay focuss . the three turn to stare at something off-screen . the camera continue into the room to find Vogel 's body slump on the floor , bound to the radiator , mouth tape , slump , unconscious . we continue towards he ... close on he face ... closer ... then he eye open and he look at we ... 132 int . bedroom / live room . safe house . - day 132 Rachel 's eye OPEN and she lie in bed listen to the muffle sound of Vogel cursing and yelling in german next door - a breakfast ritual that have be go on for day . in the live room vogel ( in german ) ..... Fucking asshole ! Fucking pig shit food ! fuck you ! fuck you ! fuck ... David and stephan be wrestle with a enraged Vogel , try to feed he . a BOWL clatter to the floor . Vogel 's shout be muffle as he mouth be tape again . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 57 . bedroom he continue to swear at he captor as best he can through he gag . Rachel try to block out the sound with she blanket . 133 kitchen 133 Rachel walk in and find a flushed David wiping oatmeal off he trousers , the empty bowl on the bench beside he . david ( off she look ) at this rate he 's go to starve himself to death before we can get he back . 134 live room - later 134 Rachel sit in the armchair near the end of she shift , watch Vogel who be slump asleep . he look dishevel , the oatmeal he refuse to eat smear down he chin . she can not delay the moment anymore . she take a bowl of prepare oatmeal from the table beside she and walk towards Vogel , stir the bowl with a unsteady hand . she kneel down in front of he . in the silence , we hear rain fall heavily outside . Vogel wake , stay slump , stare at she with dull eye . she take the napkin that be cover the bowl and wipe the food from he chin . finally she remove the tape from he mouth . Vogel watch she without move . she offer he a spoon of oatmeal , wait for the sudden yell and abuse . he say nothing , just open he mouth obediently . Rachel feed he a spoonful of oatmeal . he speak to Rachel in german , subtitle . vogel my wife . Rachel ignore he , feed he another spoonful . vogel ( cont 'd ) be she hurt ? another spoonful , and another . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 58 . vogel ( cont 'd ) be she alright ? a alarm clock on the table , ring - the end of she shift . she wipe he mouth , tear some tape from the roll . Vogel close he eye , a look of such genuine suffer it stop Rachel . vogel ( cont 'd ) please ? tell I she 's alright . Rachel put the tape over he mouth and stand . David walk in and take he place in the armchair face Vogel . Rachel begin to leave . she look back at Vogel who be stare after she , eye plead . she hesitates then give a small nod and turn to walk out of the room , pass stephan who have be stand in the doorway , watch she . 135 kitchen - continuous 135 Rachel start to wash the oatmeal bowl . stephan follow she in . stephan you can not talk to he . rachel I do not say anything . stephan you can not listen to he . rachel I know . I just ... stephan ( overlap ) I be not angry - he rub she back . Rachel stiffen a little . stephan ( cont 'd ) - I be just tell you - we do not talk to he . we do not listen to he . he be not there . he be not a human be . he ... he stop himself . stephan ( cont 'd ) we have a date . ten day time . the Americans be go to help . Rachel look at he , relieved . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 59 . rachel good . he smile , stare at she , move a little closer but Rachel have already side - step he and walk away . montage 136 live room - day 136 stephan sit on the armchair in front of Vogel , take the gun apart , clean it . 137 live room - day 137 Vogel thrashes around on the floor as best he can , David hold he down . stephan try to force oatmeal into he . he spit it back out . 138 kitchen - day 138 Rachel be clean , try to keep busy , try to keep the encroach decay of the kitchen at bay , scrubbing and scrubbing . 139 hallway - morning 139 a exhaust David , finish he shift , walk out of the live room as stephan walk out of he bedroom to take he place . Rachel walk out of the bathroom and into she bedroom , for a moment the three criss -crossing each other 's path . Rachel 's bedroom door close . both man avoid look at each other as they pass it . 140 hallway - morning 140 stephan and David be carry a struggle , cursing Vogel towards the bathroom . before they can get there Vogel piss himself , the urine puddle on the floor at they foot . stephan fuck ! stephan drop Vogel in disgust jump back out of the way . Vogel lie in the pool , stare up at he , eye triumphant . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 60 . 141 omitted 141 142 omitted 142 143 int . safehouse . live room - day 143 Vogel lean against the wall , stare blankly at the window , sink into a profound depression . he look filthy , jaw dark with beard growth . Rachel watch he from the doorway . 144 later 144 Rachel be wash Vogel 's face with a towel . he pay no attention , continue to stare out of the window . Rachel pick up a bowl of shave cream , strip the tape off vogel 's mouth , and begin to brush the cream over he face . she produce a razor and carefully begin to shave he cheek . she stop suddenly , a tear be run down Vogel 's cheek , cut a line through the soap . he turn he eye to she . vogel why do not you just kill I now ? Rachel pause for a moment . vogel ( cont 'd ) how can you keep I wait to die like this ! Rachel keep on shave . vogel I know what you want . you want to hand I over to the other , let there be some fuck sham of a trial . then , when they kill I , you can tell yourself that there be no blood on you hand . Rachel switch to the other cheek . Vogel 's get more animated , tear in he eye , a kind of bizarre indignation ... vogel ( cont 'd ) but that be not true . there will be blood on you hand . ( more ) final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 61 . vogel ( cont 'd ) you will be my murderer ! you fuck hypocrite . you fuck ... Rachel tilt he chin up a little and put the razor to he throat . he fall silent , tense , wait . then ... vogel ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) yes . do it . you want to do it ... Rachel finish with a tremble hand . Vogel slump back against the wall , the tension in he body ease away . he give she a long , calculate look . and as we watch some change seem to come over he , some new fire beginning to kindle in he - a sense of cold contempt for Rachel and with it , perhaps , a fresh determination to survive this . vogel ( cont 'd ) that 's right . I would forget . you Jews never know how to kill . only how to die . Rachel wipe the razor clean on the towel , slap fresh tape onto Vogel 's mouth and get up . 145 int . kitchen - morning 145 Rachel be clean the kitchen again , clear some of the mess of dish into the sink . she move a dirty pan which have be leave overnight and stop , stare at the cockroach which be crawl inside . a sudden wave of nausea hit she . 146 bathroom - moment later 146 Rachel crouch at the toilet , vomit . she finish , rinse she mouth , look at she pale reflection . she open the door and step out ... Vogel stand directly in front of her . Rachel stand freeze - a split second of total panic . then stephan step into sight behind Vogel , gun in hand - the morning bathroom visit . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 62 . Rachel flatten herself against the hall wall , quickly wiping she mouth dry , as stephan push Vogel past she towards the bathroom . 147 ext . STREET - evening 147 stephan be walk back home . a police car siren wail somewhere nearby and stephan hurriedly cut into a alley , wait in the shadow until the siren have fade away . then he hurry on he way . 148 live room - evening 148 Rachel uncover the dish of prepare oatmeal and kneel down beside a sleep Vogel . she remove the tape . Vogel wake , breathes out , watch she . after a moment ... vogel I be dream about my wife . she feed he some more . vogel ( cont 'd ) one of the great regret of my life be that we be unable to have child . my wife would have make a wonderful mother . Vogel watch she , then suddenly speak in english ... vogel ( cont 'd ) it 's a great bless . Rachel stare at he . vogel ( cont 'd ) you should try lemon . for the morning sickness . Rachel can not move . vogel ( cont 'd ) they say it help . Rachel struggle to hold it together , feed he another spoonful . vogel ( cont 'd ) what 's you name ? ( beat ) Sarah ? Hannah ?... Rachel ? esther ? ( beat ) you Jews stay close to you root , do not you ? it 's a good thing . very good . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 63. Rachel spoon in another mouthful . vogel ( cont 'd ) I love the bible as a child . retribution . Higher justice . Rachel shovel in another mouthful . he chew it thoughtfully , examine she face . vogel ( cont 'd ) yes . I understand you perfectly . ( beat ) you be not lie at the clinic when you tell I about you mother be you ? about she death ? Rachel load the spoon with more oatmeal , determine not to show any emotion . vogel ( cont 'd ) I be very sorry for you loss . it almost take she breath away . she tear the tape and put it over he mouth , get up and walk away , determine not to show he any emotion . Vogel watch she go . 149 hallway - moment later 149 Rachel make it out into the hallway before she feel the tear run down she face . she give in to they , turn and find David behind she . david what happen ? what 's the matter ? she can not speak at first . rachel nothing . he ...nothing . she wipe she face . rachel ( cont 'd ) he can understand we . david what ? rachel he can understand every word we be say . he just speak to I . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 64 . her face contort as she try to compose herself . David reach out to hold she . david it 's alright . it 's alright . it 's nearly over . he pull she close , hold she , rest he forehead against hers . they stand like that , eye close . the moment hang . rachel ( suddenly ) why do not you go ? at the station . you could have get away . why do not you ? she look up at he . he stare into she eye . beat . then , suddenly he kiss she . it 's what she 's wait so long for and she 's stunne for a moment , then put she arm around he neck , return the kiss hungrily . they be helpless with desire for one another . there be a sudden scratch of a key at the front door and , instinctively , the two break apart . stephan enter , hair wet from the rain . he stop , see they , sense the atmosphere . they stare back at he . Rachel step away a little , wiping she face . rachel ( cont 'd ) what do they say ? stephan stare at they in silence . he unbutton he coat . david stephan ? stephan it 's not happen . they stare at he aghast - this be the last thing they want to hear . david what the fuck do that mean ? stephan the Americans have pull out . ( to Rachel ) have he be feed ? david so ... so what do that mean ? rachel oh God ... final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 65 . stephan do you feed he ? david what do that mean ? what 's the plan now ? rachel ( rise panic ) we just need to get he to the airfield , there must be some other way , some ... stephan start down the hallway towards she , angry . stephan I say have he ...? David instinctively step in front of Rachel , raise a hand . david ( overlap ) I be ask you ... stephan ( overlap ) I be talk to she ! supposedly it 's she shift now , but instead of do what she 's suppose to be do she 's out here with you ! ( to Rachel ) now answer the fuck question : do you feed he ? rachel yes ! I feed he ! stephan stand glaring at she , then turn abruptly away . stephan ( beat ) there 's no plan . there 's no fuck plan . they say the operation be be " be - evaluate . " he turn to David . stephan you know what that mean ? they be go to cut we loose . they stare at he shocked . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 66 . stephan it 's a fuck mess and they be back away from it quickly as they can . rachel ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) no . stephan it 's happen . I can feel it . rachel they can not just leave we ! stephan yes they can ! because we fuck it all up ! we fuck it all up and now we be on we own ! suddenly we hear someone knocking on the front door . the three freeze , stare at each other . silence . david be you follow ? stephan stare at the door , throw . david ( cont 'd ) could you have be ...? there be another knock at the door . stephan turn to the chest of drawer and take out the gun . rachel stephan ? stephan be hurriedly screwing the silencer onto the gun . there 's another knock at the door . rachel ( cont 'd ) stephan ! stephan walk into the live room and aim the gun at Vogel . Vogel instinctively squirm away , fall to one side , wriggle back as far as he can . rachel ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? stephan if it 's they , he die . Vogel lie , breathe hard through he nose , eye on the gun aim at he . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 67 . David suddenly step in between the two , the gun now point at he chest . stephan ( cont 'd ) move . david you be not do this . stephan he 's not get away from I . david this be not the mission . stephan I decide what the mission be ! if I say he die , he die . david we be finish this mission . we be take he back . stephan get out of the way ! there be another knock at the door . David and stephan stare at each other , the tension building . abruptly Rachel turn and walk down the hallway towards the door . stephan call after she . stephan Rachel . Rachel ! from the hallway we hear the sound of the door be open - the murmur of conversation . the two man stand freeze , listen . Vogel lie , breathe hard through he nose . we hear the door close . the three listen as footstep approach down the hall ... Rachel walk back in . a long beat . rachel ( dully ) it be the lady from the bottom apartment . she invite we to she New Year 's Eve party . she turn and walk back out . the other stay where they be , freeze . we hear a piano playing as we ... CUT to : final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 68 . 150 kitchen - day 150 as the piano music play we see David and stephan practise krav magah move - careful , control , but under it all a edge of real tension between they . 151 live room 151 Vogel be tie in he usual place . stephan sit in a dangerous mood . he 's play the piano . a lyrical rendering of deutschland uber alle . Vogel be watch he . 152 kitchen 152 as the music continue the two men' workout grow more intense - the punch and block build in speed , faster and faster , both man breathe hard with the exertion , neither willing to stop , a real violence simmer under the surface . 153 int . live room - day 153 stephan know he 's watch and avoid Vogel 's gaze until he can stand it no longer and look ... 154 kitchen 154 David be the first to break through the block - he fist stop inch from Stephen 's face . the two man freeze , stare at each other , breathe hard . the music crash to a halt . 155 live room 155 stephan be stare at Vogel . he begin to play the anthem more discordantly , hit the key more violently , as if the music be possess he . then suddenly he stop , stand up and walk away from the keyboard . stare at Vogel . Vogel be very aware of the sudden change in atmosphere , a sense of impending violence . stephan do not move . the moment hang . 156 later 156 David be take over the shift from stephan . they pass each other in the doorway without a word . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 69 . David stop , stare ... Vogel lie in he usual place . a sack have be place over he head , hood he . the effect be deeply sinister . 157 kitchen - moment later 157 stephan sit eat with Rachel . David walk in and throw the sack on the table . stephan glance at it , continue eat . david what be you do ? stephan it 's you shift . david ( to Rachel ) do you know about this ? rachel about what ? david ( to stephan ) his mouth 's tape . you want he to suffocate ? stephan I be sick of see he face . go back in . david do not do that again . stephan get up and walk calmly towards David as if shooing he back out the room . stephan you do not give order David . it 's you shift now so you can go back in there ... he have he hand on David 's chest , gently push he back . David take he hold of the hand , pull they free and suddenly there 's a flurry of violent movement as stephan yank he arm free of David and the two man shove at each other . rachel stop it ! they stop , breathe hard . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 70 . david we be not animal . just remember what we be . remember what we be not . he walk back out . stephan sit back at the table , start eat again . he glance at Rachel , but she will not look at he . after a moment she get up and walk out . 158 int . sitting room - continuous 158 David look up from he chair to see in the hallway . something purposeful in she manner alert he . 159 hallway - continuous 159 David appear in time to see Rachel be put on she overcoat . david what be you do ? Rachel do not look at he . rachel I have to get out . david ( gently ) Rachel ... Rachel try to unbolt the door . David bar she . Rachel try to talk calmly but she 's fight panic . rachel get out of my way , please . I be just go to go out for a few minute . that 's all I want to do . stephan walk out of the kitchen , take in the scene . david she want to go out . rachel ( appeal ) no one will see I . tell he , David . I just want to walk . I just want to get some ... air . please . stephan shake he head . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 71 . Rachel try to unlock the door , but David have hold of it . she struggle against he . stephan do not be stupid . he take she arm . Rachel jerk free . rachel get off I ! then she slump against the door , she back to they . she 's cry brokenly . a beat as the two man stand over she , not attempt to comfort she any further . stephan turn and walk away . David lean he head against the door , wait for she to stop . 160 int . safehouse - live room . evening . 160 it 's raining heavily outside and water be drip through the crack in the ceiling . David kneel next to vogel with a bowl of oatmeal and strip the tape from he mouth . vogel thank you . David . David do not react . Vogel hum a tune to himself in between spoonfuls , watch David , he mood strange . vogel ( cont 'd ) David and stephan and Rachel ... he give a soft laugh , find something amusing in the sound of the name . vogel ( cont 'd ) if I have a choice I would prefer Rachel to feed I . so gentle ... in another life , the making of a nurse , I think ... in another life ... David continue to feed , careful to appear immune to Vogel . vogel ( cont 'd ) how be she today ? final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 72 . vogel ( cont 'd ) you should let she get more rest . it 's a dangerous time , the first month or two of the pregnancy . David stare at he , unable to hide he shock . vogel ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) you do not know ? Vogel absorb this thoughtfully . vogel ( cont 'd ) you be not the father then ? ( beat ) I think it would be you . I think ... I do not know . the way you look at she . the way she look at you ... David stir the oatmeal , try to think about what he 's just discover . Vogel do not take he eye off he ... vogel ( cont 'd ) woman can be like that , they like to make you dance first , I remember . ( as though to himself ) so , she choose the other one ...? he shake he head , shrug . vogel ( cont 'd ) that must be hard , watch they together , right in front of you . and you not say a word . like the Poet say - " great soul suffer in silence . " I would not have take stephan as a family man . too ambitious , too ...? whereas you ? David , I see you with child ... david ( quietly ) shut up . Vogel stare at he . this be the first time someone have speak to he in week . he 's quick to hide he sense of triumph . vogel I be express my sympathy . for you suffer . david what do a monster like you know about suffer ? final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 73. vogel I be a doctor , David . David stare at he . david a doctor. ( beat ) you blind child try to change the colour of they eye . you inject people with petrol . you ... you replace people 's hand and leg and you watch as they ... he stop himself . david ( cont 'd ) this be not medicine . this be disease . this be sickness . Vogel seem to consider this . vogel so we be all insane ? be that the answer ? david ( beat ) there 's no answer . I be not look for a answer . I be not look for ... he force himself to be silent , try to regain control of himself . he offer Vogel another spoonful , but he hand tremble a little with the violence of he emotion . vogel you be tremble . David push the spoon into Vogel 's mouth , start to load another spoonful . vogel ( cont 'd ) it 's strange . here I be - the victim , kidnap , bound , soon to be murder , but I think you be the one that be afraid , David . ( beat ) afraid of the monster . he lean closer to David . vogel ( cont 'd ) ( softly ) boo. they stare at each other , eye to eye . Vogel sense a new brittleness in David . his tone become more assure . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 74 . vogel ( cont 'd ) yes . do you know why it be easy to exterminate you people ? you weakness . I see it . every day I see it . every one of they , think only of how to avoid be flogge , or kick , or kill . only think of themselves . David look up at he with a strange , crooked smile , eye glitter . vogel ( cont 'd ) why do you think it only take four soldier to lead a thousand people to the gas chamber ? entire family ? because not one , out of thousand , have the courage to resist , the courage to be the first to fall . not one would sacrifice himself . even when we take they child from they . I know then that you people have no right to live , no right to ... he may have begin he speech hope to get a reaction from David but he have lose himself in he rant and so rather than triumph we see only a moment of startle fear in he eye as David suddenly swing the bowl violently at he head , shatter it on the pipe to which he be tie . he grab Vogel by the collar and begin to punch he , hard , again and again . Vogel slide sideways , limp . and still David punch he in a murderous rage , possess , want to break he skull open , to kill he . Rachel and stephan run in , with Rachel reach he first . she throw she arm around he , try to stop he , but - instinctively - he throw a punch behind he . it connect , split she lip and send she fly to the ground . stephan run at he , knock he to the floor , and remain lie on he , the two of they breathe hard , the assault finally over . vogel slump forward , hold up only by the rope at he wrist bind he to the pipe on the wall . stephan be still struggle with David , who 's panting , adrenalise , stare wildly at Vogel 's slump body . stephan out . we be go out . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 75 . he begin to drag he out . stephan nod in the direction of vogel . stephan ( cont 'd ) ( to Rachel ) be you go to be alright ? Rachel nod . as she hear the door close , she turn to stare at Vogel . he 's barely conscious , he face smear with blood . 161 int . safehouse - bathroom . night . 161 Rachel drench a cloth under the tap . 162 int . safehouse - live room . moment later 162 Rachel clean the blood from vogel 's face . he have he eye close . vogel ( mumbling , in german ) thank you ... she tear off a new strip of tape and place it over vogel 's mouth , gently . she notice the rain leak in through the ceiling and walk off towards the kitchen . we hold on Vogel , apparently sleep . then he tie hand reach out , strain and manage to reach one of the shard of break bowl . 163 kitchen - continuous 163 Rachel gather three metal saucepan . she stop for a moment look at firework flash in the sky . she remember - it 's New year Eve . we track with she as she walk into the live room and begin to place the pot on the floor to catch the rainwater which be drip through various point in the ceiling . close on vogel' hand as he use the shard to see through he rope . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 76 . on rachel ... as she finish with the pot and notice the piece of shattered bowl scattered around Vogel . she kneel down in front of he and collect up the piece . she glance up at Vogel , check he . he be still slump , eye close . we track with she as she walk back into the kitchen . from the live room come the three distinct ping of rainwater drip in the pot . she drop the piece of bowl into the bin and stop , puzzle . it 's a moment before she work out what she 's notice - something have change in the sound of the rainwater next door . there only two drip instead of three . she walk back towards the live room ... rachel be p.o.v - through the live room door we can see that one of the pot have be overturn . Rachel slow to a stop . a sudden wave of adrenalin cause she to turn but ... it 's too late . Vogel step out of the alcove he 's be stand in so that he be directly in front of she . before she can even cry out he have slashed she face open with a shard of glass . instinctively she cup she hand to she rip face . Vogel grab she by the hair and step behind she , try to worm he other hand underneath she raise arm to reach she throat with the glass . her training kick in , Rachel use a krav magah move to grab and twist Vogel 's forearm , break he hold on she and turn the arm until , with a yell of pain , Vogel drop the shard . he swing wildly at she , but Rachel duck the fist and drive the palm of she hand up into he face . Vogel stumble back , surprised by she speed and the sudden pain of the blow . Rachel be about to press home the attack but be blind by blood from she wound wash into she eye . as she wipe she eye clear , Vogel grab a lamp from a small chest of drawer in the hall and smashes it into she face . she fall . Vogel begin to run , but , drive by adrenaline and desperation , Rachel scramble onto all four and lunge at he , catch hold of he trouser leg as he move towards the front door . Vogel stumble , manage to pull a leg free and stamp down on Rachel who let go with a moan . he stamp again , step free and kick she hard in the head . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 77 . Rachel roll with the force of the kick and come to a rest , lose consciousness . rachel be p.o.v - low angle - flutter in and out of darkness - Vogel 's foot as he stand beside we , breathe hard . then he turn and hurry to the front door ... and out . 164 ext . walkway . berlin safe house - night . 164 Vogel hurry along the walkway and set off down the spiral staircase of the apartment building . 165 int . hallway - night . 165 Rachel lie motionless . we wait for she to cough as we see she do before . but she do not . she just continue to lie still . 166 ext . staircase - continuous 166 below we Vogel clatter on down the stair , flight after flight . 167 int . hallway - continuous 167 no movement from Rachel . 168 ext . stairwell / courtyard - continuous 168 Vogel clear the stair and burst into the courtyard . there be a lurid flash of firework from nearby and for a moment we see Vogel light , as he pass the point where earlier we see he drop to the ground . he reach the gate and go through , he shadow disappear on the pavement . he 's go . 169 int . berlin safehouse - live room . night 169 Rachel hold a blood -soak tea towel to she cheek , try to staunch the flow . David sit , stare ahead , in shock . stephan burst in , out of breath . stephan nothing . not a trace . nothing at all . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 78 . he hurry to the drawer and take out the gun , put it into he waistband . stephan ( cont 'd ) he might go to the house , might try and get a message to the wife ... david ( without look up ) he 's not go back to the house . he 's go . Fifteen year , it take they to find he . and he 's go . and no - one 's go to find he again . stephan so we what ? we ... be you go to make the phone call ? be you go to tell they how he get a fuck piece of break bowl ? wonderful . but do not try and take I down with you . I have do nothing wrong . remember that ! stephan kick at the chair , at the drawer . stephan ( cont 'd ) ( mutter tensely ) this can not happen ! this be never go to go away . rachel I take responsibility . it be my shift . david ( quietly ) this happen because of I . I let he go . and no - one 's ever go to find he again . he close he eye , struggle with the enormity of he guilt . stephan drop the gun onto the table , sit down . outside we hear more firework . suddenly ... stephan no -one 's ever go to find he again . something in he voice cause Rachel to look up at he . stephan ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) what if he do not escape ? final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 79 . rachel what be you talk about ? stephan only four people know what happen in this room . we , and he . and he 's not talk . no one will ever hear from he again . rachel ( realizing what he mean ) no . stephan nobody need to know what happen here . rachel he escape . stephan that 's the truth . but that do not have to be the truth we take home . the truth can be anything we want it to be . the truth be Vogel try to escape , you struggle with he and get hurt . the truth be , second before he get away , Rachel get the gun and shot he . the truth be we get rid of he .... get rid of the body ... get rid of every trace of the surgeon of birkenau . rachel we can not lie about this ! stephan no , you know what ? we have to . we have to ! this be ... this be not about we . this be about Israel . this be a national humiliation ! we can not be see to fail . and in the end , Vogel rot away he life in some jungle , look over he shoulder , wait for the bullet ...? who 's to say ...? he look at they both , try to convince they , try to convince himself . stephan ( cont 'd ) maybe that 's a worse fate . maybe that 's ... the important thing be justice ... justice be see to be do ! final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 80 . Rachel turn to David , wait , expect he to say something . but David look like he 's be barely listen , lose in he own thought . he notice Rachel stare at he . david he 's go . what do it matter ? ( beat ) he 's go . stephan seize on this , sense he 's close to convincing they . stephan ( seize ) he 's right . it make no difference . no difference . all we have to agree be that we never talk about this . no matter what happen , we never tell anyone . the truth stay in this room . between we . agreed ? Rachel look at David again , want some kind of sign . stephan ( cont 'd ) ( to Rachel ) agreed ? say it . ( silence ) I need to hear you say it ! she 's still stare at David . he 's still avoid she gaze . stephan ( cont 'd ) ( to Rachel ) say it . say ... david agreed . silence . Rachel close she eye . instead of relief she feel a kind of immense disappointment . rachel David ...? stephan Rachel ? say it . it 's a oath . say it . we close on Rachel . the moment that will change she life forever . from outside come the sound of some revellers on the street cheer , more firework . we hear some people chant a countdown to the New Year ... revellers ( o.s. ) ( from outside ) ...vier , drei , zwei , ein ! final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 81 . but just before the expect barrage of firework we ... CUT to : 170 ext . david' apartment - 1997 - night . 170 the young mossad agent stand smoking outside David 's door . this be the scene we see earlier . from within we can hear indistinct shouting . 171 int . david' apartment - live room - continuous . 171 Rachel be hold the printed sheet - the point at which we leave this scene earlier . rachel ( cry out ) how could this happen ? you say he would never speak ! you say he would never ... stephan we do not know it 's he . rachel oh God ! oh God ! stephan if you read it ... rachel he 's alive ! he 's in the Ukraine ! what else be there to read ? stephan this be a little internet story . ( grabbing the paper , read ) ... " a psychiatric patient claim to be the surgeon of birkenau ... " some crazy old man . no -one be pay this any attention . yet . rachel ( as if she mind be elsewhere ) how do you find it ? stephan David come back after all this time , I want to know why . I have he apartment searched . this be on he computer ... Rachel stare at he . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 81a . stephan ( cont 'd ) he do not say anything to you last night ..? Rachel do not answer . stephan ( cont 'd ) Rachel ..? rachel no ! beat . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 82. rachel ( cont 'd ) ( quietly ) why would he do this ..? stephan because he could not handle it . I tell he we have to deal with it and he could not handle it . he think it be all go to come out and he panicked ... he trail off , think about what happen down on the road . Rachel stare at he . his previous word have just sink in . rachel ( suddenly ) deal with it ? ( beat ) what do that mean ? deal with it ? stephan stare at she . rachel ( cont 'd ) what do you tell he to do ? stephan ( simply ) I tell he to find Vogel . I tell he to finish it . Rachel stare at he . she stand up , start to walk away , come back , slap he hard across the face . rachel ( quiet rage ) do you know he would be ill ? do you ...? you know , do not you ? you kill he . you kill he ! you know he be not strong enough ... stephan ( overlap ) fuck david ! I do not want to hear about David ! David take the coward 's way out ! rachel you could have leave it alone ! it 's a old man in a hospital ! you say - nobody will believe it ! no - one will notice ! stephan there 's a journalist . this stop she . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 83. stephan ( cont 'd ) a ukrainian . he 's hear about it and he 's go to interview Vogel . ( beat ) then it all come apart . ( beat ) we do not have the name of the hospital . you have to find out where he be . Rachel stare at he . rachel what be you talk about ? stephan David 's take himself out of the equation . ( indicating he chair ) I can not do it . you be the only one leave . rachel be you insane ? stephan we can not ... rachel I be not ... look at I ! I be not capable of ... this be insane . I can not do this . stephan ( beat. simply ) you have to , Rachel . because for thirty year you have be take the credit for it . ( beat , carefully ) and there 's Sarah . it 's as if he 's strike she . beat . rachel I will not do this . she walk out . 172 ext . stairwell outside david' apartment - night 172 and into the stairwell . as before , the mossad agent stand to let she pass , and watch as she sweep down the stair . 173 int . rachel be HOTEL - morning 173 the scene we see earlier . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 84 . Rachel be pack , fold clothes neatly , precisely , silently - but all the time there 's a terrible tension about she movement . she try to close a drawer but it stick , she keep try , then in a sudden rush of fury yank the drawer free and hurl it across the room . she stand breathe hard . then something we do not see - she gaze settles on a photograph beside she table - sarah hold she son , smile at we . Rachel stare at the photograph , she breathe slow . 174 ext . patio terrace . HOTEL near tel aviv - day 174 stephan sit amongst the remain of a meal . Sarah and she husband be on the beach below , play with they son . stephan watch they . he sense a presence and turn to find Rachel behind he . she sit down , stare down at the beach through she dark glass . stephan watch , almost hold he breath , work through lightning calculation of how to handle she . but Rachel be the first to speak . rachel ( beat ) I always know this would happen . I know we would be punish . I know we would have to pay . stephan ( quietly ) I think I would already be punish . rachel God do not plant car bomb . stephan I be not refer to the wheelchair . they look at each other . stephan ( cont 'd ) if I could go back , Rachel , I would change it all . if I could give you back a chance to be happy , to be ... final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 85 . he stop . she be stare back at he coldly , unmove . he shrug , let that go . stephan ( cont 'd ) but there 's one thing I would never change . she look over to where Sarah be play with she son , laugh . rachel ( instantly ) she be not go to find out . she shake she head , as if the idea itself be impossible . rachel ( cont 'd ) she can never find out . stephan stare at she , knowing that he have her , that it 's already decide . he take out the envelope and slide it across the table towards she . she examine the ticket and passport inside . then he slide she the black case . we have see this part of the scene before . she stare at it with disgust , know what it be . then she take it and put it in she handbag . stephan my car 's wait outside . it can take you to the airport . she stand up , a elegant woman at lunch , she dark glass , she suit ... she look down to Sarah , raise a hand in farewell . Sarah , not understanding , wave a hand in response , call something which be lose under the sound of the sea . stephan ( cont 'd ) go down to she . say goodbye to she . Rachel stand stock still , stare down at she daughter . rachel how can I ? ( beat . ) how can I ? she turn and walk away . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 86 . 175 on the beach 175 Sarah stand , shading she eye , watch the small figure of she mother walk away from she . 176 omitted 176 177 omitted 177 178 omitted 178 179 ext . CITY centre . kiev . ukraine - day . 179 a tram wipe through the frame to reveal Rachel walk across a busy street towards the stark facade of a impose 1960 's building . a title read : Kiev , Ukraine 180 int . office build - day 180 the public area of the building - a main reception desk , a little cafe , a sweeping staircase lead up to the floor above ... Rachel be at the reception desk ... 180a newspaper build - mezzanine level - continuous 180a Rachel cross to a tabac kiosk , glance back to some glass door behind she . a sign indicate the office of the ukrainian evening news . we can see a receptionist at she desk . a young man walk through the entrance , and she throw a know glance up at he as he pass . Rachel take in the alarm pad beside the receptionist . rachel ( turn to the kiosk owner ) cigarettes please . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 87 . 180b ground floor cafe . office build - day 180b Rachel sit , silhouett against the large window . Rachel open she pack and light a cigarette . a waiter approach . waiter ( in Russian ) what can I get you ? rachel just a coffee . she stare out at the stream of people pass in and out of the building ... CUT to : 181 int . hangar - day - the past 181 late sixty . Young Rachel , stephan and David be give a talk to a group of young israeli soldier . this be a well - rehearse routine , something they have probably do many time . rachel at that moment , I do not think I be think about myself at all . I be think about my mother . I be think about how she have suffer in Europe . the face of the soldier , move by this . one raise a hand . soldier the same question to Mr. peretz . the other look at David , wait for he to make he usual response . but David do not move . stephan look along the row . David sit stare straight ahead . the silence grow . and we realize he 's not go to answer . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 88. 182 int . rachel and stephen' house - bedroom - evening 182 the house be cold , white , aggressively modern . Rachel sit in she underwear , drunk , a bottle and glass of wine on she dress table . stephan be dress behind she . stephan ( calmly ) fuck he . he examine he reflection in the mirror . stephan fuck he . a doorbell ring downstairs . he walk out to answer it , take the wine bottle from she as he go . stephan ( cont 'd ) hurry up . Rachel finish she glass , start to apply some eye makeup . she sense something and turn to find young sarah ( four ) watch she from the doorway . she stare back at she dully . rachel go to bed , Sarah . 183 live room - evening 183 * a cocktail party in progress - stephan be mingling with the guest - mossad high - flier , military , politician . she * watch he handle they - just the right mix of deference and charm . Rachel stand against a wall , drunk , watch he as he laugh sycophantically at something one of the politician have say . he cross over to a attractive blonde woman and greet she . as Rachel watch he run a hand down the woman 's back - a unmistakably intimate gesture . Rachel watch - depressed by how little this make she feel . she begin to mix herself another drink , see someone across the room , and she face change ... on david he 's stand alone drink , nervous . Rachel appear * beside he . * final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 89 . rachel * my own party and you be the only * friend I have ... * she turn , lean against the wall , scan the party , watch * stephan work the room . * rachel ( cont 'd ) * ... all Stephen 's friend . * Stephen 's girlfriend . she turn to see what David 's reaction to this be , but he continue to watch stephan . * rachel ( cont 'd ) * and what kind of a friend be * you ? I call you last night and ... * * rachel ( cont 'd ) * I think the silence be for the * audience , I do not know you would * really lose you voice . * David suddenly take she hand and pull she round the * corner . * around the corner * he turn to she , he face alive with a energy that we * have not see before - fear or excitement ? * david * why do you call I ? * rachel * what ? * david * you call I , at night , when * you be drunk . why do you call I ? * rachel * what be you ...? * david * do you want we to fuck around * behind he back ? like he fuck * around behind yours ? be that what * you want ? * Rachel stare at he , upset and angry . * rachel * I want a friend * final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 89a . david * I do not want to be you friend . * ( beat ) I be leave . * rachel * good . I do not know why you * bother come if you just * go to ... * david * ( interrupt ) * come with I . * she realise he be not talk about the party . * beat . * rachel * where ... whare be you go ? * david * it do not matter . away from * Israel , away from this ... poison . * I can not stand what it be do to * we . come with I . we will go to * Spain . or Italy ... we can save * ourselves . * final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 90 . wife ( o.s. ) * this be such a beautiful * photograph , Rachel . you look like * a pair of angel . * a young israeli and he wife be admire a photograph the * wife have pick up from the table - a portrait of Rachel * and Sarah . * rachel * ( mouth dry ) thank you . * wife * ( show it to David ) * be not it lovely ? * David do not answer , be still stare at Rachel . the * husband sense a scene , take the photograph . * husband * ( smoothly ) * you know you have to excuse we , * ( to he wife ) ... we must catch * Michael ... * his wife be confuse ... * husband ( cont 'd ) * ( lead she away ) * ... before he leave , you * remember ...? * Rachel be stare at David , shaking she head , eye * glitter with tear . * rachel * you can not do this to I now . we * have we chance . we say we would * live with it . this be I live * with it . * David take she hand . * david * I be in love with you , Rachel . I * want my life back so I can live * it with you . come with I . * rachel * you can start again . you do not * have a child . you do not have * anyone . * final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 90a . david * I think I do . * ( beat ) * why can not we be happy ? * final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 91 . rachel ( after a beat , quietly ) * because we do a terrible thing .. * he nod , finally , and let go of she hand . beat . then he * turn and walk away from she through the crowd to the * door , and be go . * she move to follow he , then stop . * Rachel turn and find stephan stand against the wall , * wait . they stare at each other . * stephan * ( flat ) * there you be . * he lead she back towards the party . * 184 int . newspaper build - ground FL . cafe - early evening 184 Rachel sit , still smoking , though it 's dark outside now . there be a sound of chatter from above she and she look up to see journalist spilling out from the office above , come down the stair towards she . Rachel ease a photocopied sheet from she bag and examine it ... insert sheet a photocopy of a journalist's by - line - a long , rather mournful face , the name yuri titov . she check the face , slip the sheet back in the bag , look up , study the man descend towards she . moment later she have find he - chat to a colleague . he reach the ground floor and walk past she , go to the bar for a coffee . Rachel find herself stare at he - the man who could destroy her life . yuri seem to sense someone watch he and look to where Rachel be sit . but there 's no - one there . 185 int . newspaper office lobby . continuous . 185 the pretty receptionist stand chat to she boyfriend , a young journalist . he be hold she coat for . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 92 . she start to put it on and the boyfriend give a brief bark and play- bite at she neck . she laugh , push he away . Rachel hurry in . rachel ( Russian ) be I late ? I be sorry .... can I place a advertisement ? receptionist ( gather she thing ) 100 grivna for twenty word . 5 grivna a word after that . Rachel proffer a envelope . rachel ( cont 'd ) here ... the girl take it . receptionist thanks . Rachel fish in she bag and hand over a 100 grivna note . rachel this should cover it . the girl drop the envelope onto she desk , and slip the money into a small desktop drawer unit , as Rachel leave . 186 int . newspaper office - mezzanine level . continuous . 186 Rachel pause outside the door , zipping she bag , watch the receptionist tap a code into the alarm key - pad before let herself and the boyfriend out . she lock the door after they and the two walk past Rachel who smile a goodbye . she watch they go . 186a int . newspaper build - ground floor cafe - night 186a the place be dark now , eerily light by the street light outside . a elderly security guard trudge past , whistling softly . 187 omitted 187 188 omitted 188 final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 93. 189 int . newspaper office - lobby . continuous . 189 we be look through the glass door to the shadowy mezzanine level beyond . a dark figure stand silhouett at the door . we hear the scrape of tool work on the lock . there be a click , the door open and Rachel slip inside . the alarm begin to beep . Rachel take out a torch . a quick twist and the beam become ultraviolet . as Rachel move swiftly towards the alarm box , the beam from the torch sweep across the girl 's desk , and we see Rachel 's envelope glow a deep purple . we may also notice that the desktop drawer unit where the girl place the money be smudge with purple fingerprint . Rachel open the alarm box and shine she beam onto the keypad . we see four purple fingerprint , one deeply pigment , the other three progressively less so . Rachel take a deep breath and punch the four mark key in what she hope be the correct order . the alarm fall silent . she move quickly out of the lobby , down the corridor ... 190 int . newspaper office - MAIN room . continuous . 190 ... and into the main press room . use she torch on its regular set , Rachel scour the desk for information . on one desk be a photograph of the journalist we just meet - yuri - holding a large fish in triumph . Rachel dive into the desk 's filing unit and begin to rifle through the file . presently , she find a old picture of vogel . he wear ss uniform , the same shot we have see before . behind it , a stack of scribbled note . she begin to scan they . 191 int . newspaper build - mezzanine level - continuous 191 the receptionist and she drunk boyfriend stand at the door to the newspaper office , try to open they . it take they a moment , as - unaware that it be unlock - the girl have accidentally lock it . her boyfriend tussle with she playfully , keen for she to let he try instead , but she swat he away , turn the key again and finally they be in . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 94 . 192 int . newspaper office - MAIN room . night . 192 Rachel , unaware , be still read through the note . she take out paper and pen and copy down the information she need . 193 int . newspaper office - lobby . night . 193 the receptionist stand by the alarm box , drunk and confuse , as the boyfriend , impatient and equally drunk , come up close behind she and reach round to clumsily unbutton she coat . receptionist ( whisper ) that 's weird . the coat undone , the boyfriend reach round and snake he hand up inside she sweater . she ignore he . receptionist ( cont 'd ) I set the alarm . boyfriend what ? receptionist the alarm 's not on . boyfriend who give a shit ? he move he hand from she breast to grab she around the waist and pull she away from the alarm box . 194 int . newspaper office - MAIN room . continuous . 194 Rachel be still at the desk read . suddenly the main light be switch on and the receptionist and the boyfriend stagger into sight . Rachel stand freeze , completely visible . the girl and boyfriend stand kissing , too engross in each other to see the woman stand only ten foot from they . the receptionist pull free , laugh , make it back to the entrance and switch the light off , plunging the room into darkness . Rachel move behind a column . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 95 . laugh softly , the boyfriend lead the girl over to a desk . he open a drawer , search through it , triumphantly produce a petty cash tin . boyfriend the loot ! he start to take some cash from the box . receptionist ( laugh ) you can not ! boyfriend I will put in a i-o-u ... he scribbles on a piece of paper . boyfriend ( cont 'd ) " andrei borrow money to take katia to Club oxygen . " he drop the note in the tin . receptionist you be go to get fire . he kiss she . boyfriend you be worth it . receptionist you be go to get I fire ! boyfriend ( kiss she ) I be worth it . they kiss again , slowly back up against the desk Rachel be search . the two struggle with they clothes . 195 behind the column 195 Rachel have no way of reach the door . she close she eye as the young couple begin to have sex on the desk . then she open she eye and notice something ... rachel be p.o.v - close on she torch which be still on the desk . the boyfriend seem to be stare right at it . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 96 . Rachel watch , hold she breath . on boyfriend ... as we realise he be stare straight through the torch , lose in the moment . next moment the couple change position and some book and the torch be sweep from the desk and clatter to the floor . the torch roll across the carpet to the shadowy entrance of the cubicle . behind the column Rachel stare at the torch , wonder if she can reach it before they can see she . but at the moment the desktop tryst reach its noisy conclusion . at the desk the boyfriend do up he trousers and pull on he coat . the receptionist adjust she dress . she notice the fall item and begin to pick they up , follow the trail to the torch . behind the column Rachel stand freeze as the receptionist stoops down directly in front of her and pick up the torch . the boyfriend notice . boyfriend what be you do ? receptionist I be tidy up . boyfriend be you work ? be you at work now ? receptionist ( laugh ) no , I be not work . boyfriend so leave they . she drop the object and follow she boyfriend out . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 97 . shake , Rachel pick up she torch and replace the item she be still hold from yuri 's file into the filing cabinet . from os , we hear the beep beep beep of the alarm be reset . Rachel 's heart sink . os , we hear office door close , and the key turning in the lock . Rachel 's eye alight on a motion sensor , blink in the corner of the room . she wait . and eventually - no choice - she run for the door . the motion sensor light up and the alarm strike up loudly with a warning beep -beep -beep . 196 int . newspaper office - lobby . continuous . 196 frantic , Rachel dash to the alarm box , the insistent beep - beep - beep even louder here . Rachel run for the door , yank it open and bolt out . moment later , the alarm clang into action . 196a ext . back of build - night 196a Rachel burst out of a fire exit , the siren blaring and disappear into the night . 197 ext . rachel be car . kiev STREET - night 197 Rachel 's car drive off down the road . 198 int . car . ukrainian road - night . 198 Rachel have pull over and be on she cell - phone to stephan . rachel he 's at the babenko Hospital . 199 int . stephan' office - night 199 stephan be alone , work at he computer . he tap in the name , search , click on the link to a map . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 98 . stephan ( cont 'd ) it 's outside vinnycja . about a hundred and fifty mile south - west of you . what name be he go under ? Rachel check she note . rachel ( o.s. ) Ivan schevchuk . he 's the right age . stephan when be he suppose to interview he ? 200 int . car - night 200 rachel tomorrow . there 's silence from the other end . both know what this mean . stephan ( o.s. ) this will be over soon . and when it be ... Rachel hang up . 201 ext . road - morning 201 a car drive through the wintry landscape . 202 int / ext . hire car . road - morning 202 a forest of fir tree pass as she drive . Rachel 's mind be elsewhere . the car drift to the wrong side , then swerve as she correct . student ( o.s. ) what be you think at that moment ? CUT to : 203 int . university lecture hall . tel aviv - evening 203 the night before David 's suicide . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 99 . rachel be be interview by a female faculty member . project on a screen behind be a image of the young Rachel , stephan and David . the audience consist of mainly female student , hand raise . student do you think you be go to die ? Rachel seem to consider this carefully , although we know by now that this be a question she 's be ask thousand of time and have a carefully rehearse answer to . rachel I will tell you something . at that moment , when I be on the floor , I be not think about myself at all . I be think about my mother . and what she have suffer in Europe . I think that be what give I the strength to get up again . the audience listen , move . Rachel look out and then freeze - older David sit near the back of the room . lecturer well , I be sure you will all join I in thanking ms Singer ... as the audience applaud enthusiastically Rachel smile , try to regain she composure but she eye be draw back to David , stand in the shadow , watch she intently . 204 int . auditorium - later 204 * the place be empty now , only David and Rachel sit in * the seat . * David look like a man who 's be up on speed for too long , * eye strangely bright in he exhaust face . * neither of they seem to be able to bridge the divide * david * you look well . * Rachel ignore this . she 's wait for a explanation . * rachel do stephan know you be here ? * final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 100 . david I expect so . ( beat ) I read about * he . how be he ? * rachel ( shrug ) * the same . different . resigned to * life at a desk . he like to play * the tragic hero ... * she stop herself , ashamed . * rachel ( cont 'd ) thing become ... very bad between * we . we try to stay civil for * Sarah . * david * have you meet anyone else ? * Rachel stare at he . how can he even ask this ? * rachel no . thank you for ask . there * be someone ... but he leave . and I * never hear from he again . * ( beat , hard ) * what be you do here , David ? * david * I write you letter . * rachel pity you do not send any of they * david * Rachel ... * rachel * ( overlap ) * what be it ? thirty year ...? * she 's suddenly so angry , she start to gather she thing to * go . * david * I want to see you ... * rachel * ( overlap ) * all that time ... not a single * word ? * david * do not go . * she stop . * final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 101 . david I be ill for a while , Rachel . * ( a beat ) * I spend some time in ... in a * kind of hospital * rachel where ? * david * Mexico * rachel * what be you do in Mexico ? * david * different job . some teach . * whatever I could get . * beat . * david * I travel a lot . the States . * most of South America . North * Africa .... I keep move * ( beat ) * look for he * rachel who ..? * he do not answer and she look up , suddenly realise who * he mean . she feel a sudden , instinctive rush of fear . * rachel ( cont 'd ) * why ? * ( beat ) * what would you have do if you * have find he ..? * he 's watch she intently * david * I would have tell the truth . I * would have go to the newspaper , * and say " this be the surgeon of * birkenau . " I could have finally * see he face trial . * Rachel listen to this , mesmerise . * rachel * and what would have happen to * we ? * final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 101a . david * we would be free . whatever happen * to we , it seem to I we would be * free . * Rachel stare at he without answer * david * do not you agree ? be not you tired * of lie ? be not that what you * would have do - if you would find * he ? * rachel * but it be not just we . ( beat ) it 's * Sarah ... * beat . something change in David 's face , something fade * away . he sit slowly back * rachel ( cont 'd ) * she have not do anything wrong . * david * ( quietly ) * no . * rachel * if the truth have come out she * would be destroy . ( beat ) * so ...no , I would not have tell the * truth . * ( a long beat ) * but you never find he * she look at he , wait for he to contradict this . * david * no I never do . * the lecturer appear at the door to the auditorium . * lecturer * ms Singer ? * rachel * ( relieved ) * yes . thank you ... * she stand up again , the spell be break . * rachel ( cont 'd ) * there 's a car for I .... ( put * on she coat ) do you hear about * Sarah 's book ...? * after a moment , David nod . * final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 101b . rachel * the launch be tomorrow . perhaps * you could come ? I do not know if * stephan will be there or not , * but ... * david ( suddenly ) * if we could go back ... if I would * wait for you ... if you would * come ... would it have be * different ...? * final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 102. rachel * we can not go back . a beat . * david I be sorry . * rachel come tomorrow . we will talk then ? * David give a smile that might be a assent . or might not . * Rachel nod , walk quickly out of the auditorium . David * sit as the light bank above switch off one at a time , * watch the line of shadow move towards he . * hard CUT to : 204a ext . road . ukraine - day - the present 204a a car roar past and be go , revealing Rachel stand amongst the tree beside she car , a cigarette forget in she hand , absorb what it be David be ask she . finally she drop the cigarette and climb back into she car . 205 int . car - day 205 close on rachel ... drive , lose in think . she drive into some grounds ... rachel be p.o.v through windscreen the babenko hospital - a huge , impose building stand in wintry grounds . a long drive lead up to the car park and the entrance . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 103. 206 omitted 206 207 I /e. car - continuous 207 Rachel stare up at the building as she drive towards it . 208 int . babenko hospital - reception . continuous . 208 the large lobby area , vast pillar . a few stair lead up from this to a wait area , separate from the corridor beyond by bar and locked gate . Rachel approach a young male registrar at reception . rachel ( Russian ) good morning . I be here to visit Mr. schevchuk ? the man squint at she , check he register a squint at she again . registrar you be from the newspaper ? because I have a man 's name here ... rachel oh , no , no . I be Mr schevchuk 's niece . Anna barova . I have be before , do you remember ? a moment 's scrutiny , then a shrug . registrar well , we visit hour have not change , I be afraid . eleven till one . he point to a plaque that read : visiting hour : 11:00 be - 1:00 be , 5:00 pm - 8:00 pm Sarah glance at she watch . it 's 10.25 . registrar ( cont 'd ) take a seat ? he point to a wait area . Rachel walk up the few stair past a large pillar and take a seat , try to think of she next step . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 104 . she glance to she leave , through the bar , and see a old woman in a patient 's gown stare blankly at she from the far end of the corridor . a doctor appear and lead the Old woman away , still stare . Rachel look away , unnerve . someone have just walk in and be talk to the receptionist . Rachel 's view be obscure by the pillar and she lean slightly to see who it be . rachel be p.o.v - yuri stand show he press card to the Registrar . at reception the Registrar pass the press card back . registrar Mr. schevchuk be in room 414 . visit time start at eleven o'clock . you can take a seat over there . yuri walk across the lobby , towards where Rachel be wait , but as he clear the pillar we see she seat be empty . on the other side of the pillar ... Rachel wait for yuri to pass and then slip back out of the lobby . 209 ext . babenko hospital - continuous . 209 Rachel emerge - panic . time be almost up . what can she do ? 210 ext / int . car . rear of hospital - moment later 210 Rachel 's car be speed down a narrow road that run behind the hospital . two stone arch frame the road , where the building meet the hillside . rachel be p.o.v - high fence - the forbid facade of the hospital - row of bar window . Rachel be scan the building , look for some way in . 211 ext / int . car / rear entrance - moment later 211 suddenly we pass a central arched entrance . a man be open large double metal door for a laundry van to leave the hospital . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 105 . it take Rachel a few moment to register it . then she brake . 212 ext . back of hospital - moment later 212 the laundry van be drive through the door . it stop , engine idling , and the driver begin to climb down to close the door after he . before he clear the side of the truck , Rachel slip into the darkness . the driver , oblivious , reach the door and begin to swing they shut ... 213 int . babenko hospital - day 213 Rachel run up the staircase from the service area of the hospital . 214 int . corridor . babenko hospital - day 214 Long and bleak with row of barred door . Rachel run on . 215 int . waiting area . babenko hospital - day . 215 yuri be write in a notebook . the clock say : 10:50 . 216 int . another corridor . babenko hospital - day 216 Rachel reach a junction - the vast , white corridor stretch away from she in different direction , like a nightmarish maze . she stare about she , pick a corridor and begin to run again . 217 int . corridor / central stairwell - day 217 Rachel reach a map on the wall and scan it , frantically try to locate the room she need . she hurry on to a ancient look elevator and get in , jab at the fourth floor button . with a groan of its motor the elevator begin to rise . 218 corridor 218 rachel be p.o.v - tracking past row of numbered door . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 106 . finally we reach it - room 414 . Rachel stare at the door . 219 int . toilet . babenko hospital - day 219 Rachel sit in a cubicle . she take the black case from she handbag and open it . Inside be a pen . she lift this and the false bottom of the case away to reveal a hypodermic needle and a ampule of a clear liquid . with tremble hand she begin to prepare the injection . she can not quite believe what she be about to do . 220 int . room 414 - continuous 220 Rachel enter the room . the curtain be draw and Rachel hesitates for a moment , she eye adjust to the gloom . a man sit in a chair , angle towards the window , he back to we . a iv drip hang on a stand , its tube run into a cannula on the back of a withere hand which hang from the chair . the only sound be the faint , rasp breath of the man . Rachel move a little closer . on the bottom of the bed hang a medical chart . the name read Ivan schevchuk . Rachel move closer , carefully take the hypodermic needle from she pocket . 221 int . babenko hospital - reception . day . 221 a nurse be unlock the gate at the wait area for yuri . he walk through they and over to the elevator . 222 int . room 414 - day 222 Rachel stand by the iv drip and tube . she can inject directly into the tube - and it will be over . she hold the tube , rest the tip of the needle against it . she struggle with herself . just one tiny push ... she can not do it . she stand freeze for a moment then slowly lower the needle . beside she , the steady breathe alter . the man stir and a cadaverous face half turn towards we . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 107 . Rachel and schevchuk stare at each other . the face be ancient , line ... but it isn't the face of vogel . ivan schevchuk ( weakly ) be you the journalist ? ( beat ) do you know who I be ? rachel ( beat , meaning it ) no . no , I do not . ivan schevchuk my name be dieter Vogel . I be the surgeon of birkenau . ( beat ) have you hear of I ? rachel yes . I have hear of you . schevchuk look at he withere hand . ivan schevchuk ( simply ) I have kill thousand . you can take my photograph . the last photograph of the surgeon of birkenau ? he struggle to raise he arm in the Nazi salute , a pathetic sick man . Rachel sit down at schevchuk 's desk , feel suddenly exhaust . 223 int . elevator - day 223 yuri stand in the elevator wait for the door to close . nurse hold the door please . yuri hold the door , as the nurse approach , escort a elderly woman with a walker - the two move at a snail pace . yuri watch , amused . 224 int . room 414 - day 224 we close on Rachel , lose in think . beside she schevchuk ramble on . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 108. ivan schevchuk ( o.s. ) ... it come down to blood . we be not afraid of power . it be we destiny . the slave race have breed with ape . but we aryan be descendant of the theozoa who come from another planet . we be bear to rule and to ... he dissolves into a fit of weak cough . Rachel stare at a notepad and pen on the desk beside she . 225 int . corridor - day 225 yuri walk towards schevchuk 's room . he pay no attention to Rachel as he pass she , sit on a bench , dialling she cell phone . she listen to the other end ring . 226 omitted 226 227 int . tel aviv - stephan' office - continuous 227 stephan be talk to a couple of official . his cell phone ring . stephan ( answer ) yes ? rachel ( o.s. ) ( beat ) it be not he . stephan nod , a fix smile on he face , cover the mouthpiece . stephan ( gesture to official ) a family matter ... would you give I a moment ? the two official leave the office , close the door behind they . stephan take a a beat to calm he breathe . stephan ( cont 'd ) ( into phone ) you be sure ? 228 int . corridor . babenko hospital - day 228 rachel it be not he . it 's over . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 109 . stephan ( o.s. ) thank god. thank God . this be wonderful . this be ... and you be okay ? Rachel ? you be alright , yes ? Rachel stare at the wall . silence . stephan ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) Rachel ? rachel you be wrong . stephan ( o.s. ) well , thank God I be , but ... rachel about David . you be wrong about he . 229 on stephan 229 ... smile and gesture " one minute " to the two official on the other side of the glass partition . stephan about David ? rachel ( o.s. ) he do not kill himself because he be afraid the story would come out . this get stephan 's attention . 230 on rachel 230 rachel when he come to see I , he be ask I for something . stephan ( o.s. ) what ? rachel my permission . and I do not give it . I would not let he tell the truth and he be tired of live with the lie . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 109a . 231 on stephan 231 ... mind whirring . he can sense something . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 110 . stephan Truth be a luxury , Rachel . some people have to put other thing first - they country , they people ... they child ... 232 on rachel 232 struggle not to cry . stephan ( o.s. ) Sarah 's so proud of you , Rachel . you have to think about she . rachel ( crying ) I want she to be proud of I . stephan be desperate to talk she down from the ledge . stephan ( o.s. ) ( sooth ) of course you do . rachel I want to do something to make she proud of I . 233 on stephan 233 stephan Rachel ...? Rachel ...? rachel ( o.s. ) people have to know the truth , stephan . David be right . 234 on rachel 234 stephan ( o.s. ) listen to I ... rachel Goodbye . stephan ( o.s. ) Rachel , listen to I ...! she hang up . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 111. 235 on stephan 235 ... listen to the dial tone , panic overwhelming he . there 's a knock at the door and a assistant appear . assistant Sir ....? stephan do not move . 236 on rachel 236 she sit for a moment , then stand up ... 237 int . corridor . hospital - continuous 237 long shot from the other end of the corridor , as the small figure of Rachel step away from the bench . she straighten she scarf and wipe she eye , then begin to walk towards we . reverse - on rachel - over the shoulder as she walk towards the end of the corridor . 238 int . another corridor . babenko hospital - day 238 pulling rachel as she move down another corridor . she reach a open on she leave , which reveal a staircase wind around a central lift shaft , cage in frost glass panel . she glance through it as she pass . and just for a second we see a elderly man walk down the stair . Rachel have walk on a few step before it register , and she stop - vogel . she walk back to the open . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 112. the figure seem to have retrace they step , because they be now walk further up the staircase , on the other side of the lift shaft - a shadowy figure through the frost glass which quickly disappear from sight . Rachel stare after he , freeze . what do she just see ? 239 int . stairwell . hospital - day 239 she begin to climb the stair . 240 int . rec room - day 240 Rachel come through double door and find herself in a long rec room - patient and some staff group around the room . Rachel begin to walk through the room - elderly man all around she , play card , read , some sit stare vacantly . she walk through they , stare at face . be he here ? be he amongst this ordinary world ? she feel she pace quicken as she 's draw on through the room . it 's as if she 's back at that terrible night . Vogel 's ahead of she somewhere , escape all over again . she flash through double door into a junction area - a long , empty corridor lead away from she on the right , ahead another set of double door ... she burst through this door and find herself in ... 241 int . locker room / bathroom - day 241 a long , white tile corridor of a room . a row of window down the right , under which sit washbasins . there 's a row of locker and door along the leave . Rachel walk on , feel increasingly as if she 's in a dream . she 's deep into the room before she realise it 's a dead - end - there 's no exit ahead of she . vogel ( a dull rasp ) why do you come ...? she turn and freeze . Vogel have emerge from one of the doorway on the leave . now he 's between she and the door on the far side of the room . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 113. vogel ( cont 'd ) why do you have to come ? you do not have to follow I . he begin to advance slowly towards she . vogel ( cont 'd ) be it schevchuk ? do he talk ? Rachel stand freeze as he creep closer . he reach out a hand as if to reassure she , a ghastly attempt at reasonableness . vogel I can stop he . I will not tell he anymore . ( almost plead ) nobody need to know . as if the spell have break Rachel make a sudden dart for the door . but before she can pass he , Vogel have move with surprising speed and , almost before Rachel have see the scissor in he other hand , he have stab they into she shoulder . she reel over against the opposite wall , dislodge a glass shelf which shatter into a washbasin behind she . Vogel go after she , pin she against the basin , one hand on she throat , the other hand try to stab she again . Rachel manage to grab the scissor hand and the two struggle frantically . the scissors inch closer to she face , to she eye . her other hand emerge from the basin behind she hold a piece of the break glass shelf , which she whip across Vogel 's face . he give a horrible shriek and let she go , clutching at he cheek . Rachel collapse gasp to the floor . moan , Vogel stumble to a basin , blood drip down onto the white porcelain from he slashed face . he suddenly notice Rachel have make it to she knee and be try to crawl towards the door , he walk after she , pull back she head , get ready to stab the scissors into she throat . vogel you Jews never know how to kill . only how to die . final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 114. then he give a gasp of pain , eye close , he whole body double with the pain , hand weakly scrabbling at the piece of glass Rachel have stab into he thigh . he fall , almost on top of Rachel , and she find herself press against he contort face as he hiss and spit in agony . his hand search blindly for the drop scissors . Rachel grapples with he , almost embrace he , apparently try to prevent he for reach it . his search hand locate the scissors and he eye open in triumph , stare straight into Rachel 's . he raise the scissors above he head . then he stab Rachel in the stomach . Rachel jack - knife , as if she 's be punch . then ... nothing . both lie still . the only sound be Vogel 's rasp breathe . slowly Vogel gather himself , drop the scissors , get onto he knee - the victor . he climb to he foot and begin to limp towards the door . 242 int . corridor - day 242 pulling vogel ... as he walk down the corridor , breathe hard , try to make it back to he room , back to safety . suddenly he stagger against the wall . something 's wrong , something in he back . he twist around try to locate the source of the strange sensation . and there it be - the hypodermic needle Rachel have stick between he shoulder . he touch it with he fingertip , eye wide with horror , feel the rush of lethal chemical through he blood . he twist again try to pull the needle free but he leg be already give way and he collapse to the floor . moment later he 's dead . CUT to : final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 115 . 243 int . washroom - continuous 243 Rachel manage to turn over , start to drag herself up ... music begin . 244 int . room 414 - day 244 as the music continue we see yuri put he coat on . he 's evidently finish he fruitless interview with schevchuk , who be sit slump by the window . yuri turn , about to leave , when he suddenly notice a note upon the desk , address to he . surprise , he pick up the note and begin to read it . insert we see the first line - " my name be Rachel Singer . " 245 ext . babenko hospital - continuous 245 the road at the back of the hospital . the music continue as we track with Rachel , stare steadily ahead , walk slowly down the long road , she coat pull around she . in the distance , frame between the arch , she abandon car . blood begin to spot the ground behind she . 246 young rachel be p.o.v - the past 246 we be in darkness . then a door open ahead of we and slide to one side revealing a oval of brilliant white light . slowly we track forward towards the harsh light . 247 older rachel 247 ... walk on towards she car . 248 military airbase . israel - the past 248 young rachel be p.o.v - final shoot script with pink amendment - 26.03.09 116. we be at the top of a airplane stairway , which lead down to the runway below , and two line of wait dignitaries , applaud . 249 older rachel 249 walk on - a small lone figure against the white of the snow . 250 military airbase . israel - the past 250 the three young people begin they descent down the stair towards the welcome party . 251 older rachel 251 ... tiny , frame within the two arch . still move towards the car .... 252 military airbase . israel - the past 252 we close on Young Rachel as she blink against the harsh sunlight , take out a pair of sunglass and slip they on . then she step forward to accept she reward . fade out