deception by Richard Taylor fade in : begin credit : exterior a L.A. STREET - night a beat - up , egg -shell porsche brake at a stop light beside a immaculate red Ferrari . inside the porsche be pete gentry . he 's give - a- damn good - look , maybe 33 , well - build . there be something special about gentry . maybe it 's the careless way he hold the wheel . maybe it 's the scratch - up leather jacket or the haircut one week past neat . or maybe it 's something secret and hide and wait to explode . whatever it be , it 's there in spade . gentry 's vision trail over to the car idling beside he , a red Ferrari . gentry casually take in the car , then the driver , a silk - and - designer - jeans Hollywood type , who first recognize gentry 's existence with a expression of disdain , then a grin of anticipation . gentry return he eye to the stop light before gently ease the ancient porsche into first . a race . moment pass . Light still red . more moment . Green light . the Ferrari roar off the line ahead of the porsche . gentry correct a early fish -tail , shift into second . third . the car be bumper- and -bumper . fourth . porsche pull ahead . fifth . the Ferrari be fall behind . shitty driver . the Ferrari brake and execute a sharp leave in shame . still power forward , gentry grin . a moment later a lapd black - and - white pull in behind he . int . moving black -and -white - night two cop , vet and rookie . vet okay , let 's take he . light and siren go on . deception by Richard Taylor 2 . int . / ext . gentry's porsche - night gentry see the black - and - white 's flash light behind he . he reach over , remove a small detachable roof lamp from the glove compartment and plug it in . int . moving black -and -white - night vet and rookie watch as gentry 's flash detachable lamp be secure to the top of he porsche via a magnet base . the porsche accelerate away . rookie hey ! but vet have already shut off the black - and - white 's siren and flash roof light . rookie he 's get away ! vet I have see that kind of action before . he 's a hot -shot detective . probably vice or homicide . and he would love we to pull he over . I will not give he the pleasure . end credit . dissolve to : ext . trancas beach - day a hour after sunrise . a lonely jogger pound up the sand . a moment after sand have stop cascade into he footprint , a woman walk from the sea . her beauty be arrest and uncalculate . adrienne . nearby , a house , a cool two million five if it 's a dime . a huge two -story window front the sea , and below , a deck and exterior staircase . retrieving a towel from the sand , adrienne make for the house . int . ericksen live room - day adrienne let herself in via the slide door . the place be chic and expensive . she ascend the step to the second floor . deception by Richard Taylor 3 . int . ericksen house bedroom - day douglas ericksen , 40 , a self - make man whose single pretense be that he have none , toss a leather suitcase onto the bed . bare - chest , he intend to pack and dress at the same time . adrienne enter and move for the bathroom , unsnapp and remove the bikini top as she go . Douglas pull on a beige business shirt , button the front , start on the cuff when adrienne , wear nothing but a towel bunched in front of she , step into the doorway . adrienne Douglas ? adrienne smile alluringly . she be the most beautiful , naked , juicy woman imaginable . but Douglas be a tough guy . douglas ( reluctantly ) you will make I late for my plane . adrienne then hurry home . yes . he will . ext . ericksen driveway - day Douglas place he bag in the trunk of he mercede . adrienne watch nearby . he stop at the car door and look at she a long moment before : douglas tomorrow . Douglas pull she into a embrace . Gentle , he nonetheless lift she up to meet he . they lip linger before : adrienne tomorrow . Douglas slide behind the wheel and a moment later the mercede back out of the driveway and motor south . dissolve to : ext . ericksen house deck - night adrienne lean against the rail nursing a drink . deception by Richard Taylor 4 . the wash of the sea be a endless noise . up and down trancas Beach few house light be light . she could be the only person for mile . finish the drink , adrienne give the night one final look before enter the house . int . ericksen live room - night adrienne slide the door close and lock it . a moment later she check the front door . it 's lock too . a moment after that , she stop at the staircase long enough to shut off the television with the remote before toss it to the couch and ascend the step . int . ericksen bedroom - night adrienne slip beneath the cover , then reach for the bedside lamp . a instant later she eye be high - light by moonlight slice by blind . she close she eye . a effort . some time later adrienne jerk at a almost imperceptible noise from below . she reach for the bedside lamp , then reconsider . rising from the bed , she grab a robe , pull it on , and then stand perfectly still , listen . nothing . she be almost ready to dismiss the whole thing when she hear a noise . distantly . from below . adrienne tip -toe to the door , turn the knob , slowly pull it open . it start to creak . she freeze . shit ! nudging it open but a little , the door creak again . no escape the noise , adrienne gently open the door wide enough to slip through . hallway and stair - adrienne open a hallway cabinet , withdraw a flashlight but do not turn it on . she stand perfectly still , listen . nothing . she tip -toe to the stair , begin to descend . a thud follow by the sound of shatter porcelain . adrienne freeze and listen , but hear nothing . pound heart . blood pulsate through she vein . someone could be down there . deception by Richard Taylor 5 . the flashlight beam flit out and down the staircase , make ordinary reality out of the darkness far below : a chair leg . the drape . a painting . moment later : adrienne be there someone there ? another noise . Close . near the bottom of the stair . adrienne gasp , then whip the heavy flashlight around , swinging it from place to place . the shafting beam catch nothing . adrienne steel herself and descend . live room - adrienne reach floor - level and sweep the light across the mass of oblong shape that briefly become she furniture before again be swallow by darkness . she advance to the slide glass door , check that it be lock again , then turn . as she do , the flashlight catch something slashing toward she ! she jump back ... only to discover that it 's a shadow create by the flashlight in she hand . adrienne calm herself -- before a noise wrench she around . she swing the light . adrienne who 's there ? who 's there ?! something leap from the darkness and land nearby . adrienne bring the beam to bear on ... buttermilk , she startle siamese cat , whose diamond eye glow in the dark . sagging , adrienne laugh at she own fright . she reach out to the animal and it gladly move into she arm . as she pet the cat : adrienne buttermilk ! Jesus ! you nearly scared I to death ! behind adrienne be a glass wall before the ocean . the face , then torso of a man rise from the beach and approach . adrienne move away , still petting the cat . adrienne if you break any of my china , that 's it for you , kid . she turn around just as the intruder drop out of sight . deception by Richard Taylor 6 . adrienne ( buttermilk ) do you hear , hmmm ? do you hear ? turn again , adrienne can not see the intruder approach the glass . his face look gruesome , as if melt in a fire . then it become clear . he 's wear a stock . adrienne cuddle buttermilk to she cheek lovingly . she dote on this animal . at the window now , the intruder 's face press against the glass . he stare down at she . his glove hand flex in anticipation . adrienne let 's put we to bed , hm ? adrienne stand . buttermilk see the intruder and howl in fright before claw adrienne in its desire for flight . adrienne release buttermilk . adrienne ow ! buttermilk ! what 's wrong with you ?! she turn and see the intruder beyond the glass . adrienne scream . the intruder pick up a deck chair and throw it through the window , which shatter into a thousand splinter . adrienne retreat to the stair as the intruder leap through the gape hole in the glass and pursue . adrienne no ! no! nnnnnnoooooo0o ! stair & hallway - adrienne & the intruder one glove hand grab she ankle . another draw the blade whose jag edge glint from some unknown light . adrienne kick , crawl backward up the stair , before throw the heavy flashlight , catch the intruder in the face . a second be buy and adrienne spend it separate herself -- two foot , three , four -- from the intruder before spin to run . but he hand grope for she , miss she heel by inch as she ascend the stair . adrienne hear the intruder 's foot - fall behind she as she reach the bedroom doorway and through , slamm the door behind she . deception by Richard Taylor 7 . int . bedroom - night adrienne lock the door and retreat a step as something -- someone -- slam into it . adrienne no ! no ! I will give you money ! just go away ! please go away ! the sound change . before a shoulder blow , now it be make by a boot . adrienne flinch each time the noise impact and retreat behind the bed . she grab the phone . no dial tone . adrienne lurch for something in the darkness as the jamb begin to splinter . a instant later the intruder burst through the door and leap at she . adrienne spin and flee as the intruder 's blade seek she flesh . suddenly a bang ! and a brilliant burst of light . another . another . muzzle flash capture the intruder in a sequence of still - life as he 's throw back across the room . six portrait . then darkness . adrienne lie sobbing on the floor . moment later adrienne crawl to a wall switch and light fill the room . she stand , finally , and look at the hood man who lie in a pool of he own blood across the room . adrienne approach the body and lean close . her hand reach out and pause inch from the stock . then in a brief , brave instant she yank the mask clear , expose the dead face of : her husband . Douglas ericksen ! dissolve to : int . ericksen bedroom - night adrienne , she face tear - streak , sit in a chair across the room from the body , which be now be load onto a gurney by two white - coat attendant . several uniform lapd officer stand nearby talk casually . closer , a man sit on the bed near adrienne . the beat - up porsche driver . lapd detective sergeant Pete gentry . deception by Richard Taylor 8 . gentry what then ? but adrienne have lapse into never - never land . gently : gentry what do you do after you discover it be you husband ? just outside the bedroom door , detective leon kessler , 55 , a burly knot of a man wear more traditional cop clothes , a wrinkle sport combo and tie , finish take a statement from joanne peter , a attractive woman adrienne 's age , and enter the room jotting note down on a small spiral - bound tablet . adrienne I ... go downstairs , but that phone be not work either . ( stop ; almost lose control ) then I run I run to joanne Peters house . it 's the next one down the beach . gentry ( gently ) Mrs. ericksen , do you have any idea that you husband want to kill you ? the very mention of it almost make she reject it . then : adrienne no ! I love ... love he . I think he love I . she can not deny a look at the sheet - cover body of she dead husband as it 's wheeled out of the room . then she bury she head in she hand and sob gently . gentry , obviously sympathetic , be helpless . Leon sit down on the bed . adrienne bob , adjust to he weight . then : leon Mrs. ericksen , I gotta be honest with you . something bother I here . you say you husband leave on a business trip to San Francisco this morning . then he come back here tonight , break in , and try to murder you with a knife . ( more ) deception by Richard Taylor 9 . leon ( cont would ) and yet he forget that he leave he - 357 Magnum revolver in the bedside table drawer . that seem ... what , Pete ? inconsistent ? adrienne what be you imply ? leon I be not imply anything , lady . all I be try to say be ... adrienne you be say I want to kill my husband ? you be say -- ( more hysterical ) you be say I want to kill -- gentry shoot he partner a angry look . he reach out , touch adrienne 's arm . gentry Mrs. ericksen , it 's okay ! we can continue this tomorrow when ... ( another angry look at Leon ) when you be feel up to it . but adrienne can not hold back the torrent of rage , pain and tear . adrienne well , let I tell you , Officer , my husband do not know it be there ! it be in the shop be repair . I pick it up last week and forget to tell he about it ! joanne Peters , see adrienne 's mental state from the doorway , enter the room and rush to adrienne 's side . joanne addie , be you okay ? joanne wrap she in protective arm , try to calm she . adrienne ( reality sink in ) forget ... forget to tell he .. forget ... adrienne collapse into sob . joanne 's angry stare sear into gentry a moment before he turn to Leon and gesture , outside . Leon sigh and exit as gentry rise : deception by Richard Taylor 10 . gentry Mrs. ericksen , we can finish take you statement tomorrow . hallway & stair - gentry & leon exit the bedroom and descend the stair . gentry Nice go , Leon . leon I be not in the comfort business . I be in the truth business . gentry you be not go to gain anything by turn she into a hostile witness . leon if she 's guilty , she 's already hostile . just ask she husband . he glare at gentry . gentry glare back . then he grin . this guy have be sparring for year . there 's a facetious cynicism to they banter . gentry so what do you think ? leon I think she do it . gentry you think everybody do it . leon everybody do do it . they just aint be catch . gentry get it figure , huh ? leon well , I dunno , Pete . maybe he leave the gun in the drawer because he be fair- minded and want to give she a fight chance . what do you think ? gentry I think I will keep a open mind . deception by Richard Taylor leon you gotta watch that . who know what will blow through there . ext . ericksen house walkway - night gentry and Leon exit and move for the side of the house . neighbor be busy pound a sheet of plywood over the hole make by the intruder . farther along the side of the house , a wire junction box . leon here 's where the wire be cut . all of the various line come into the house at this point . cable. Security . phone . he know which one to cut . Hell , it be he house , be not it ? severe wire hang from the junction box . gentry whoa , whoa ! slow down ! I think you say she do it ? now you be tell I the husband plan the whole thing ? leon I be not tell you anything . but ask yourself one question . that girl 's a walk wet-dream . why would anyone want to put a end to something that sweet ? gentry you be right . she 's too pretty to be innocent . let 's fry she . leon okay . you have get my opinion . so what 's yours ? really . gentry I think she 's one hot-look woman with a lot of money and a lot of time to enjoy it . ( grin ) just my type . leon she 's you type , all right . she just offed she husband . deception by Richard Taylor 12 . gentry at least she 's single . leon ( laugh ) oh Jesus , I gotta go home . you be make I sick . ext . rear of house - night gentry follow Leon out the rear gate . Leon move for he unmark police cruiser and a moment later its engine fire . Leon throw gentry a wave and back the car out . gentry stop beside he porsche and dig for the key . something capture he attention : a large window in the ericksen guest bedroom . adrienne stop and stare off into space . a moment later she remove the robe and stand nude and beautiful before the glass . finally , she move away . gentry stand freeze , unable to move . adrienne . ext. / int . the egg -shell porsche - night ride with gentry as he steer the porsche southward on the Coast highway toward the city . gentry push the car faster and faster . thought . thought on he mind . ext . gentry's build - night gentry steer the porsche into he normal " spot " near the entrance to the three - story building , exit , move for the front door . int . gentry's build hallway - night gentry have he key in the lock when the door to the next apartment open and linda , 26 and a looker , lean out . see it 's gentry , she slip out into the hall . a short robe conceal almost nothing . linda ( whisper ) Pete ... gentry what be you do here ? deception by Richard Taylor 13 . linda I get back into town early . we radar go haywire over Denver and we be on the ground ' till it 's fix . gentry grin . he know Linda very well and be happy to see she . he take she into he arm and be about to kiss she when she pull away . linda I leave a message on you machine ... Pete , I would invite you in , but ... I have a friend stay over . as if introduce , the door open and she friend take a step into the hall . he 's one sweat-stain muscle . he wear a towel . nothing else . linda' friend hey , Linda , where would ya go ? Linda 's friend take one look at gentry 's hand on he girl and frown . Linda writhes free . linda ( fake it ) tomorrow . and I would really appreciate it , pete. ( to friend ) Pete 's my neighbor . he 's go to give I a hand tomorrow with some -- disgust , gentry enter he apartment before she can finish explain . int . gentry's apartment - night neat it be not . nor homey . nor tell of the man who life here . its lack of permanence be a statement itself . gentry exit the bathroom wear a robe . he pour himself two finger of liquor and drop onto the bed . he sip the whiskey . a sound . from the apartment next door . a pound noise . rhythmic . Linda 's bed hit the wall . and then another noise . a woman 's voice . Linda 's . ecstasy . gentry sip . thinks . dissolve to : deception by Richard Taylor 14 . ext . l.a.p.d. westside station - day establish . int . detective's room - day 8x10 glossy drop to a table top . each be of Douglas ericksen . Dead . mask half - pull off . bullet hole and blood everywhere . gentry , hold a phone to he ear and eat idly froma huge pastry , drop the last photo and stare at they , think . Leon enter with a cup of steaming water and take one sour look at gentry 's pastry before : gentry ( irritate ) what ? what be you look at ? leon chemical . they get chemical in that doughnut that could preserve a fart . Leon sit behind he desk , pull out a tin of herb tea , begin prepare he morning ritual . gentry Leon , you be thirty pound overweight . leon yeah , but they be good pound . no chemical . no junk . gentry 's expression say , oh , jeez . gentry ( phone ) hello ? no , that 's okay . I ' mon city time ... well , thanks . we appreciate the cooperation . ( hang up ; refer to note ) Douglas ericksen check into the Mark hopkins at 10:30 yesterday morning . no one at the desk can identify he , but he use a credit card and sign both the receipt and the desk register . deception by Richard Taylor 15 . leon what about he stuff ? gentry it 's still there . that be a San Francisco PD detective name Larson . he just inventory everything in ericksen 's room . leon nis if say , " go on . " ) yeah ? so ? gentry more notable for what be not find . no receipt for a second set of airline ticket . just ericksen 's bag fill with clothes . his appointment book . this perk Leon up . leon yeah ? what about -- ? gentry already check . no San Francisco appointment pen in . no San Francisco number or contact , either . Leon consider that a moment . then : leon that just do not figure . guy plan on kill he wife , he would be sure to make the alibi look good . grabbing he coat off the back of a chair : gentry the appointment book do not prove anything . maybe he be a bad record - keeper . leon sure . that 's how he get rich . deception by Richard Taylor 16 . gentry okay , one of we have to check the airport for he car and travel reservation , and one of we have to go back out to the beach and finish take Mrs. ericksen 's statement . which do you want ? leon I have a choice , right ? gentry grin . sure you do . ext . ericksen house driveway - day gentry 's porsche pull into the driveway and gentry exit and move for the side of the house . ext . side door of ericksen house - day gentry push the street gate open and pace down the walk siding the house to the door . he tap on the glass . gentry Mrs. ericksen ! Mrs. ericksen ! no answer . there 's a sheet of paper fold and tape to the door . he flip it up and read : Glass installer : I will be back soon . please get the job start . adrienne ericksen . gentry push the door . it swing open . int . ericksen house - day gentry enter , close the door behind he . gentry Mrs. ericksen ? again , no answer . he ascend the step and a moment later descend they . the billow drape tell he the deck door be open . ext . ericksen house deck - day gentry step outside . a moment later he 's lean on the rail , allow the wind to caress he . his body language seem to say , God , I could get use to this ! then he see : adrienne run from the sea . she wear a skimpy bikini , she hair tussle and sexy . she move up the beach and do not notice the man stand on she deck until she be half - way up the step . deception by Richard Taylor 17 . adrienne ooh ! gentry sorry . do not mean to startle you . gentry 's can not help himself . he 's take in every inch of she . adrienne attempt to break the spell she 's cast on gentry by continue up the step . adrienne I often take a swim in the morning . the beach be lonely then and the water cool . gentry Nice . to be able to do that , I mean . she have stop not two foot from he and he 's do a terrible job of hide he lust . she inch closer , then : adrienne you be block my way . to the door . stepping out of the way : gentry oh. sorry . he follow she inside . int . ericksen house - day gentry watch adrienne cross the live room to a closet where a short terricloth robe hang . she pull it on , turn before he sight can rise . she cinch the robe with finality . adrienne I be flatter , sergeant . under happier circumstance , I would be very flatter . can I get you something ? gentry something ? deception by Richard Taylor 18 . adrienne to drink ? ( move to kitchen ) no . you be a cop and you be on duty , so you do not drink . well , I need a drink . she find a bottle in a cupboard , reach up to get it . gentry watch the robe ride up she long , lovely leg . gentry bourbon . surprise , she look over she shoulder at he , then pour several finger of bourbon into a water glass , drop in ice . adrienne ( give he drink ) I be ... try to adjust my think . try to see thing the way they be . it 's funny . the world do not look any different . gentry ( gesture plywood ) you seem to be do okay . you have already arrange for the glass to be replace . lead he into the live room area : adrienne oh , that . joanne make the arrangement this morning . she 's be very supportive . gentry do you spend the night here ? adrienne ( with difficulty ) yes . in the guest bedroom . I could not ... stay in there . with Douglas 's blood on the carpet , I mean . it 's like ... part of he be still up there . see she pain , gentry take a gulp of he drink and shift gear . deception by Richard Taylor 19 . gentry ( open notebook ) Mrs. ericksen , I need to finish take you statement . for we report . adrienne certainly . I will cooperate any way I can . gentry you say last night that you husband 's gun have only recently come back from the gunsmith 's . when be that ? adrienne a couple of week . I do not remember the exact date . there 's a invoice around here somewhere . ( rise ) I can get it -- gentry not necessary . I just need a name . adrienne Santa monica gun and Rail . something like that . it 's on lincoln boulevard . gentry the owner call you ? adrienne I imagine he 's the owner . gentry he call you ? adrienne yes . be that important ? gentry well , it tend to substantiate that the gun be in the drawer by circumstance . the time and date of its return be not under you control . adrienne I do not understand . why be that important ? deception by Richard Taylor 20 . gentry it suggest there be not premeditation involved in you husband 's death . adrienne 's eye bore into he . finally : adrienne that man last night . that police officer ... gentry detective kessler . adrienne I think he be ... just a ugly little man . I do not take he seriously . I be under suspicion for ~ '' gentry all possibility be consider in a homicide investigation . adrienne flinch at the word homicide and turn she eye away . when again she look at gentry , she eye be red and tear- fill . adrienne I love my husband , sergeant . I love he ... passionately . if he have not be wear a mask , I do not think I could have ... pull the trigger . tear roll down she cheek . she be fight to retain control of herself . gentry be silence by she emotion . finally : gentry Mrs. ericksen , I have get to cover this territory . she gesture a mute consent . gentry how be you husband 's business go ? be there financial problem ? deception by Richard Taylor 21 . adrienne straighten , gain control over herself . this be every - day matter . adrienne my husband be a financial advisor . he always make a good income . as far as I know , everything be fine . gentry he do not bring he work home with he ? adrienne no . Douglas keep work and home separate . when he work , he work hard . when he play , well ... he never talk business . gentry I will need a business address . adrienne Three eleven hauser . that 's in beverly Hills . gentry ( jotting down address ) do you and you husband have a death benefit insurance policy ? adrienne yes . he keep ... keep all of we important papers in the floor safe at he office . it 's a substantial sum . I do not recall the amount . I see it for all of five minute . gentry do you have the combination to you husband 's safe ? adrienne no . the subject just never come up . Douglas take care of I . he be that kind of man . gentry pause , gaug she durability before ask : gentry do you ever suspect there might be another woman ? the pain of the question roll across she expression . deception by Richard Taylor 22 . adrienne no. never . gentry be it possible he could have be see someone and you not know about it ? adrienne no . I do not think so ... ( tearful ) sergeant , I do not know what to believe about my husband . not anymore . gentry lean close . gentry Mrs. ericksen , the best possible scenario we can make of this be that you husband attempt to murder you in cold blood . he do that for some reason . you have get to help I find that reason . adrienne writhes with the question , shaking , tear cascade down she cheek as she mind question everything she marry life have be up until this moment . adrienne I do not know ! I do not know ! ( sobbing ) I do not know - I do not know - I do not know ... why my husband do not love I ! she collapse into herself , bury she head in she arm . gentry struggle with himself . his professionalism dictate that he retain distance . and yet ... gentry rise , cross to the couch , lay a hand on she shoulder . gentry Mrs. ericksen , be there anything I can -- adrienne turn and bury herself in gentry 's arm . startle , gentry pull she into a embrace . his hand reach out to stroke she hair , but stop inch from contact . sense he awkwardness , she look up . they eye connect . each realize desire for the other . finally , she pull away . deception by Richard Taylor 23 . adrienne ( straighten ) I be sorry . I should not act like ... shaky , she turn away . gentry reach out to steady she . gentry can I get you something ? adrienne no . actually , I have a prescription . something to calm I down . gentry you have see you doctor since last night ? adrienne pull away , begin to move for the stair . adrienne no . I take they for ... I get depressed , sometimes . sergeant , I be sorry , but they usually make I sleep . perhaps tomorrow ? gentry sure . tomorrow . gentry watch as she ascend the stair . a part of he want to follow she . he hear the door upstairs close before turn and move for the exit . ext . fast -food franchise - day gentry and Leon at the counter . gentry look troubled . gentry ( to counter girl ) coffee . that 's it . as the counter girl ring up gentry 's order : leon Jesus , what 's the matter with you ? this be the perfect opportunity to load up on empty calory . gentry not hungry , that 's all . counter girl that 's sixty - five . deception by Richard Taylor 24 . gentry give she a five . as she make change : leon so what do you find out ? gentry ( shrug ) if there 's another woman , she do not know about she . she also say that as far as she know she husband 's business be do fine . leon insurance policy ? gentry Joint survivor 's benefit . she say it 's substantial . she do not recall the exact amount . leon ha ! I believe that ! counter girl ( count change ) seventy - five , a dollar , two , three , four , and five . ( Leon ) Sir ? leon I do not know . you get anything other than crap ? counter girl ( insulted ) I be sorry , sir ? leon you know . grease . you get anything that do not have grease in it ? like maybe a salad ? counter girl no , we do not have salad , sir . we have a chicken sandwich . leon how 's it prepare ? gentry be beginning to look like he do not know this guy . deception by Richard Taylor 25 . counter girl Sir ? leon be it deep - fry in oil ? be it fry on a grill ? be it -- counter girl it 's micro-wave . leon micro-waved ? ! counter girl it come freeze , sir ! leon oh , never mind . give I a b-l-t , hold the B , hold the mayo , on sourdough toast . and herb tea . counter girl herb tea ? at a table - gentry and leon eat lunch . gentry how ' bout you ? leon ericksen check he mercede in at the airport garage at nine o'clock . it 's still there . ( sniff sandwich ) they put mayo on this . I can smell gentry Leon , how do he get to he house ? leon -- it . I hate ... what ? gentry how do ericksen get to he house last night ? his car be park at lax . leon maybe he rent a car . deception by Richard Taylor 26 . gentry or someone drive he . Leon grin . leon like a girlfriend , right ? which give he a motive for kill he wife . Jesus , be not this cute ? you be try to clear the girl , be not you , gentry ? you be think with you gland . have it ever occur to you -- maybe she have a boyfriend ? maybe he fly to San Francisco . maybe he leave ericksen 's car at lax . gentry maybe the Pope 's a communist . leon Hell , for all I know , he be ! gentry ( rise ) okay , you take the car rental agency at lax . I will check with the cab company . leon oh , jesus. back to lax . the traffic 's awful ... gentry ( rise ) I will meet you at ericksen 's office at four . ( jotting down address ) here 's the address . gentry turn , but something happen at the counter still he : two latino , obviously gang member wear they " color , " divide just inside the door . one pull a saw - off shotgun from beneath a jacket and aim it toward the eater . the second bare a handgun and leap the counter to begin empty cash register . handgun ( to register girl ) back off , bitch ! deception by Richard Taylor 27 . he give she a shove . she collide with the stove and burn she arm . handgun pay she no mind . shotgun be grin and sweat . the glare in he eye say please ! someone fuck up and let I kill ! gentry 's eye meet leon's . not here . not now . too many target . fate intervene . a teenage girl exit the woman 's room unaware of what 's go on and startles shotgun , who pivot and fire . the round impact near the girl . gentry pull he service revolver as shotgun pump another round into the chamber . shotgun aim at the girl , enraged that she should expose he fear , as gentry take aim . gentry Police ! freeze ! shotgun pivot and fire at gentry in one instinctive motion . gentry leap behind a table as the shotgun round take out the plate glass behind he , which shatter into ten thousand piece . shotgun turn he weapon on Leon , who just now have clear he service revolver . he drop like dead weight as , across the fast food restaurant , gentry rise and fire twice -- bang ! bang ! to send shotgun sprawling , but not before he last round flip Leon 's hide table away as if it be a tent flap in the wind . behind the counter , handgun have witness the robbery turn to merde and grab the register girl , retreate toward the rear exit as she scream for help . Leon advance with he revolver as shotgun , bloody but not out , crawl toward he weapon . Leon cock the revolver . leon move and you die , asshole ! shotgun 's eye meet leon's . his finger be mere inch from the shotgun . he freeze . gentry leap the counter the moment handgun drag the girl out of the place . a second later he burst through the door . deception by Richard Taylor 28 . ext . rear of fast food joint - day gentry explode through the door , weapon readied , only to find the countergirl scream hysterically and handgun nowhere to be find . gentry where be he ? where do he go ? the countergirl will not stop scream , but gesture toward the back alley . gentry take off . follow gentry & handgun run flat - out at opposite end of a alley . handgun pivot in full flight , see gentry sprinting toward he , and leap laterally behind trash can for cover . gentry see handgun 's maneuver but continue forward , move toward one side of the alley as handgun rise and fire . gentry dive for a hill of abandon storage flat , rise once to return fire before move closer . handgun rise and lay down a barrage of fire as he retreat down a intersect alley . gentry leap for cover as the round impact where he stand moment before , then rise and pace after the retreate gunman . another alley - follow the action as gentry turn into the alley and see that it 's a dead -end . four and five story building make the wall of the alley , and at its end , a lock , gated fence . gentry advance , service revolver hold ready , look leave and right , a swinging motion , the rhythm of predator seek prey . a flatten cardboard box to one side move a inch . gentry aim he weapon at the box and advance . gentry Police officer ! throw out you weapon ! a lizard squirm from beneath the box a instant before handgun burst from behind oil drum on the other side of the alley . he throw he empty gun at gentry and explode past he . gentry dodge the throw gun , aim he revolver -- a easy shot . deception by Richard Taylor 29 . gentry stop or I will shoot ! handgun be in full flight . he have no intention of stop . gentry holster he revolver and pursue . handgun hit a fence and be nearly over when gentry 's hand yank he down . gentry have forty pound of muscle on the kid , who respond to be manhandle by pull a switchblade . his first swipe cut gentry 's cheek . his second be stop inch from penetrate gentry 's face . gentry force the knife- wield arm back , break the kid 's grip , then hit he square in the face . bam ! the kid go down . gentry straddle handgun and continue pound on he -- bam ! - bam !- bam ! -- the violence a catharsis . Leon , rush up the alley , see what 's happen and move to pull gentry off the latino gang member . leon okay ! okay ! you have get he , Pete ! you have get he ! gentry you be under arrest , asshole ! Leon jerk gentry free . leon okay ! I think he know that ! gentry want more of he and in coiled frustration pivot and march down the alley as Leon cuff the kid . ext . rear of fast food place - day Leon guide the manacle handgun up the alley toward wait black - and - white and a ambulance . gentry lean against he porsche smoking a cigarette . Leon turn handgun over to two blue suit , give they unheard instruction , then walk to gentry as , nearby , shotgun be load into the ambulance on a gurney . leon hey , you okay ? gentry yeah . I be fine . deception by Richard Taylor 30 . leon usually it 's you pull I off ‘em . gentry ( flick cigarette away ) yeah , I blow it . wo not happen again . ( slide behind wheel ) I will meet you at ericksen 's office at four . leon sure . four. the porsche 's engine turn over and the instant it catch it roar away . Leon watch it go . wonder what 's become of he partner . dissolve to : ext . ericksen office build - day gentry 's porsche squeal to a stop behind Leon 's very square , very obvious unmark police unit . Leon 's lean against its side read the inquirer as gentry trot up . gentry you still read that shit ? leon you still do not get it , do ya ? ( gesture paper ) this guy be the best liar go . you want to study lie develop to a art , read -- gentry have no time for this . already move for the entrance : gentry what about lax ? leon nothin ' . no rental charge to ericksen 's credit card and only three cash rental all day yesterday . you gotta have a thousand dollar to rent a car without a credit card , pete. deception by Richard Taylor 31 . gentry he 's not go to use paper with he name attach , that 's for sure . maybe it 's a lease car . maybe he buy one use and never be - register it . leon maybe there aint no car . gentry ignore this . then : leon what about the cab company ? gentry Zip . Leon continue inside . gentry stop . something across the street in front of a drug store have capture he attention . adrienne ericksen stand beside a cab she 's just exite . look like she 's about to break down . the sight still he . steeling herself , adrienne enter the drug store and a moment later gentry enter the office building . int . ericksen build hallway - day the build manager , a impeccably dress man of 50 , guide Leon and gentry down a long corridor . manager use to lease that large suite up front on the leave . you see it when you come in . the travel agency be there now . gentry how long since he move to the back ? manager six month . everyone 's certain Mr. ericksen 's setback be only temporary . he 's a first - class professional who always pay he rent on time , or in advance . until recently , anyway . leon he 's behind in he rent ? the manager 's expression suggest he hate to mention this , but ... deception by Richard Taylor 32 . manager two month in arrears . as of next week . they arrive at the door . paint on a opaque glass insert : Douglas ericksen and associate . the manager search for a key on a large , old - fashioned key ring . gentry it 's a one - man operation ? manager ( open the door ) he let he secretary go last month . int . ericksen's office - day expensive business footage , but pack with too much furniture , stack of file , unhung picture and certificate . organizational despair . gentry and Leon share a look . oh shit ... ever the rental professional , the manager move for a window . manager here . let I get some air in here . Leon begin thumbing through file stack on a cabinet . gentry where 's the safe ? manager it 's embed in the floor . there . behind the desk . gentry ( look ) do you have the combination ? manager ( officious ) no , of course not . tenants make they own arrangement regard the floor safe . if I have my way they would have be yank out year ago . they be altogether too much bother . first of all , they be a security risk . second -- deception by Richard Taylor 33 . gentry Fine . there will be someone in later to drill it . gentry and Leon be already pour over file and it 's a moment before the manager realize he 's be dismiss . later on the desk amid file folder , a medium pizza box and a styrofoam container of half - eat salad , the fork still stick in its middle . Leon sit behind the desk with a folder open before he ; gentry stand near the door , another file folder open in he hand . a technician kneel over the safe . the drill whine in he hand . Leon close he file . leon Jesus . this guy be in deep . either he have a lot of money and do not mind lose it , or he be play with somebody 's else 's scratch . gentry drop he folder in front of Leon . gentry have a look at this . he be kite fund from one investment account to another try to cover he loss . the drill whine stop . driller that 's it . she 's open . he pull the safe open . a moment later gentry lift the cache basket from the safe . driller ( hold out form ) somebody want to sign this ? deception by Richard Taylor 34 . Leon sign it as gentry quickly go through the document in the basket : a small stack of 20 paper- clipped together , various mortgage and lease contract , and a insurance packet . gentry flip to the back page . two item stick out : $ 2.000.000.00 and beneficiary : Douglas ericksen and / or adrienne ericksen . ext . ericksen's build - night gentry close the driver 's door of Leon 's unmark car and lean down . leon ( finger reason ) okay . we get motive . ericksen be desperate for money and he have a two million dollar survivor 's benefit insurance policy . we get opportunity . his wife home alone on a desert stretch of beach . all we need be method . gentry wait a second ! wait ! wait ! all we need be method ? now you be sure the husband set she up ? leon I aint sure o' nothin' . I be just say we can wrap this sucker up if we play we card right . Leon start he engine . gentry find ericksen 's rental car , Leon . the sedan pull away from the curb . gentry watch Leon 's car diminish down the street , then glance back at the still - open pharmacy across the street . he make for it . int . pharmacy - night gentry approach the prescription desk . a woman clerk move up from stock shelf to attend he . pharmacy clerk yes , may I help you ? deception by Richard Taylor 35 . gentry there be a woman who fill a prescription here this afternoon . I would like to know what it be . pharmacy clerk that 's privileged infor -- gentry show she he police badge . pharmacy clerk what 's she name ? gentry adrienne ericksen . pharmacy clerk one moment ... a few moment later the clerk return . pharmacy clerk fifty capsule of seconal . it 's a sedative . she have she doctor increase the dosage to a hundred milligram each . gentry thanks . ext . phone booth - night gentry step inside the glass enclosure , fish a coin out and dial . a moment later he hear adrienne 's phone answer machine . adrienne's voice you have reach the home of Douglas and adrienne ericksen . we can not come to the phone right now ... int . adrienne's live room - night the place be dark . on a small antique desk adrienne 's answer machine be work . adrienne's voice -- but if you will leave you name and you number , and the time you call , Douglas or I will get back to you as quickly as possible . deception by Richard Taylor 36 . adrienne . across the room . tear - fill eye . surveying darkness . gentry's voice Mrs. ericksen ... adrienne . this be Pete gentry . I know you be go through a difficult time right now . if you should need some help , or someone to talk to , feel free to call I . my number be 213-995 - 7277 ... ' night . adrienne have not move . ext . phone booth - night gentry lower the phone to its cradle , thoughtful a long moment before he pivot and move for he car still park across the street . ext./ int . gentry's porsche - night gentry pace the car , take corner on two wheel and generally push city drive to the hilt . int . gentry's apartment hallway - night gentry pace down the hall . he fish for he key . the next door down open . Linda step out . she 's wear a shirt . probably he . one button join . and nothing else . linda Pete ? gentry take one look at she . yes . linda Pete , about last night . I be sorry . about put you in that situation , I mean . gentry put he key away , walk to she . his intense stare ignites more word : linda I just ... want to see you and that other guy -- I do not know how it happen , really . I mean , I be think of you when ... his thumb trail down each side of the shirt to the only button . in one swift , powerful jolt he yank she to he , snap the button and pin she naked body to he . deception by Richard Taylor 37 . gentry kiss she long and hard , then reach up behind and under the shirt , lift she off the ground and carry she into she apartment , they lip still join . int . linda' apartment - night the door close behind they . Linda 's foot still dangle inch from the floor . gentry peel the shirt from she body with one hand . she be completely naked . still they kiss . the shirt drop to the floor . later both naked now , Linda 's leg have gentry in a scissor- lock as he spin she around and around the apartment . she squeal with delight . later yet Linda lie face - down on the bed as gentry , out of shot , pound she in rhythmic succession . Linda 's cry rise to a crescendo . later even yet Linda and gentry lie on she bed . she 's asleep . gentry 's cigarette ash glow , casting they in brief amber light , then die . in the instant of its radiance gentry 's troubled face burn in brilliant clarity . Linda be not adrienne . gentry snap up , frustrated and angry . Linda turn over , fully asleep , and do not see he get dress and leave . int . gentry's apartment - night gentry enter still buttone he shirt . he take a bottle of beer from the fridge , pries its cap off , and drink thirstily . the blink light of he phone answer machine beckon from across the room . a moment later , he rewind the tape , turn it to replay . adrienne's voice ( troubled ) sergeant gentry ... I want to tell you ... I want you to understand that it have nothing to do with you . it 's I . it 's ... after Douglas and what 's happen , I just do not know ... what there be to live for any more ... ( more ) deception by Richard Taylor 38 . adrienne's voice ( cont would ) ( long silence ) I just want to tell you that -- but before this last sentence be complete gentry be run for the door . ext./ int . gentry's porsche - night gentry drive like a madman . ext . ericksen house driveway - night gentry 's porsche skid to a angle stop before the driveway . he leap from the car , leave the driver 's door agape behind he . ext . side of ericksen house - night gentry run down the walk to the side door and knock quickly . when there be no answer , he knock again before : gentry Mrs. ericksen ? Mrs. ericksen ? adrienne ! gentry kick . the door whip open . gentry charge in . int . ericksen house - night adrienne sit at the kitchen table before a small mountain of pill . trails of recent tear mark she face . gentry be stunne by the sight of she . this lovely woman look near death . for moment neither can say anything . finally : adrienne I could not ... ( tearfully ) I just could not ... gentry rush to she and pull she into a embrace . he hold she close . she begin to sob into he chest . finally he sweep she up into he arm and move for the stair . int . adrienne's bedroom - night gentry put she into she bed , then pull the cover up . he shut off the light before take a chair beside she : gentry it 's okay . I will not leave you . adrienne 's amaze eye remain on he awhile . then sleep . deception by Richard Taylor 39 . later gentry awaken in the chair and start when he find adrienne go . he spin -- and see she stand in the shadow . adrienne have shower . she wear a bathrobe and she hair be comb back and still wet . she just look at gentry as he step to she side . finally : adrienne this be not right . gentry he try to murder you , Mrs. erick -- adrienne addie . gentry he try to kill you , addie . for the insurance . he be in deep . kiting money from one account to another to keep thing cover . he be a no good son of a bitch and he she touch he lip , shushing he . adrienne I can not trust my feeling for tomorrow , but -- her eye engage he , search for a sign that he understand . adrienne I want you . now . she pull on the robe cinch and it loosen . the robe fall to the floor . gentry take in she exquisite nakedness . she reach up to he , kissing , caress , gently undoing button . a montage of love-making fingertip caress . lip hover , then sensuously kiss flesh . moist lip meet and part , create a bridge of they juice . sweat gather , then roll langurously across taut skin . finger entwine , release , tighten . adrienne gasp . gentry tense . the moment arrive . deception by Richard Taylor 40 . later now it be gentry who sleep as adrienne study he , gently caress he brow . finally , she smile . dissolve to : int . adrienne's bedroom - day just after dawn . addie remain on she side study he as gentry awaken . at first disorient , it take a moment for gentry to realize he 's die and go to heaven . beneath this sheet be one beautiful , naked woman . he grin . then : gentry what time be it ? adrienne a little after six . sleep well ? gentry like a vampire in a blood bank . addie grin . she begin to caress he shoulder and chest . proprietary . adrienne so what now ... Officer ? gentry I have get to get this case wrap up . her hand explore down below the sheet , gently caress . for gentry , she touch be a aphrodisiac . as she touch he : adrienne I think you say you have it wrap up ? gentry well , there be some procedural thing leave . we have get to document each step you husband take that night . the only thing miss be the rental car and he return ticket to San Francisco . until then , officially at least , the case stay open and you remain a suspect . and -- deception by Richard Taylor 41 . a wrenching motion , adrienne roll herself back on top of he . flesh - to -flesh , eye - to -eye : adrienne ( finish for he ) it 's bad form to screw a suspect . gentry ( a slow grin ) yeah . bad form . CUT to : int . squad room - a montage - gentry & leon work the phone ... type report ... other cop around use the phone too ... nobody around but gentry and Leon ... clothes dishevel ... foot propped up on the table ... sit straight ... Leon staple papers together , leave with they ... return and man a phone again ... time pass ... shit work be boring ... finally : the same scene - gentry , lodging a phone to he ear with a shoulder , tap out a beat on the table - top with a pencil . he 's on hold . Leon enter with several cup of steaming liquid . one of they be coffee . he set it in front of gentry , then unpackage and drop a tea bag into he hot water . gentry sit up straight . gentry uh-huh ... you be sure they check all the alley ?... well , I do not know . a rental car , probably . something nondescript ... okay ... no , leave it up another day . ( hang up ) it 's be seventy two hour . if the car 's there , it should have show up by now . ( beat ) we could file the report without the rental car . leon the da'1l raise hell . gentry fuck he . deception by Richard Taylor 42 . a Blue suit lean in the doorway . blue suit hey , gentry , there 's a woman here to see you . a Mrs. ericksen . gentry freeze . Leon bark a laugh . after a moment : gentry okay . show she in . leon Jesus , Pete , nice goin ' . play you card right , you can slice off a piece of that . when gentry ignore he : leon I see the way you look at she the other night ! what happen ? you go out there to get she statement and she look back , right ? gentry ( softly ) shut the fuck up , Leon . the Blue suit lead addie to the door . she 's gorgeous in a ordinary , every - day pantsuit . gentry meet she at the door and question she with he eye . what be you do here ? gentry Mrs. ericksen , I be kinda surprised to see you here . her expression flutter a brief recognition as gentry guide she inside . gentry can I get you something ? coffee ? a soft drink ? adrienne no , thank you . ( to Leon ) Officer -- ? I be sorry . I have forget you name . leon kessler . detective kessler . deception by Richard Taylor 43 . adrienne good afternoon , detective . leon good afternoon , Mrs. ericksen . for a brief , awkward moment it 's as if no one know how to proceed . then : gentry what bring you here to the station , Mrs. ericksen ? addie give both man a brief look before : adrienne well , I decide to pay some bill . keep my mind occupy . stay busy . anyway , I find something in we receipt . something odd . she give Leon a credit card receipt who peruse it briefly before hand it over to gentry . gentry it 's just a Chevron credit card receipt . I do not understand the significance -- adrienne look at the box for the license plate number . you know , at some gas station they write down the license plate number . gentry glance at the receipt . gentry uh-huh ... adrienne this one be not for we car . gentry and Leon share a look . not she license plate number ? adrienne I do not know if it mean anything . I just think it be strange , that 's all . it 's date just last week and -- gentry pick up the phone and dial . when adrienne question this with a look : deception by Richard Taylor 44 . leon this could be the break we have be wait for . ext . police impound lot - day gentry 's porsche scoot through the driveway . ext . impound lot yard - day gentry be out of the car and head for the office before Leon can struggle from the low porsche . a clerk in oily jeans and t-shirt exit the office . gentry badge he . gentry lapd . where 's the Chrysler you just bring it ? impound clerk ( gesture ) over there . gentry be it lock ? impound clerk yeah . gentry we will need a slim-jim . at the chrysler - gentry & leon wait as the clerk approach with a slim -jim . gentry take it from he and expertly " pop " the passenger door lock . use a kerchief to protect any fingerprint , he open the glove compartment . a moment later he hand a packet to Leon hold it by its edge : airline ticket . Leon open the packet on the hood of the car use a retract pen to hold the page extend . meanwhile gentry find another document in the glove compartment : pink slip . leon airline ticket make out to a phil Golden . round trip from San Francisco International to lax and back . one of ‘em expend on the night of the 14th . deception by Richard Taylor 45 . gentry slide out of the car . he be already slip the pink slip into a clear plastic evidence bag . gentry I be right . he do not rent a car . he buy it . ( gesture pink slip ) sign over by the seller two month ago . all he have to do be resell the car without register it and there would be no record he ever own it . leon careful , be not he ? gentry not careful enough . gentry give Leon another evidence bag . Leon insert the ticket as : gentry pop the trunk . Leon lean inside and tap the trunk solenoid . the trunk lid rise . gentry back - track to look in the trunk and Leon follow he . as they peruse its every - day content : gentry wrap it up . leon ( not satisfied ) yeah , I guess so ... see Leon 's reluctance : gentry what 's the matter ? leon nothing . nothing 's the matter . gentry bullshit . leon if you be marry to adrienne ericksen , could you bring yourself to kill she ? just for money ? ( more ) deception by Richard Taylor 46 . leon ( cont would ) he could have find a easier way to turn a buck than by murdering he wife for the insurance money ... now if there be another reason ... like a girlfriend ... now that I could believe . gentry pause , consider . then smile at he partner . gentry I do not buy a girlfriend Leon give he a look that ask , " oh ? " gentry with a wife like she at home , who need another woman ? leon ( big grin ) hey , people always want what they do not get . guy have a beautiful woman at home , he go out and sleep with dog , the ugliest woman he can find . or maybe he want a brunette or a redhead ' cause the little woman be a blond . gentry I still do not buy it . leon that 's from you perspective because she 's something you do not get . gentry slam the trunk . a little too hard . turn back to Leon . gentry so what be you say ? you be say we should look for a accomplice , ericksen 's girlfriend ? Leon consider it for a moment . finally : leon nah. ( gesture bag ) this shit 's too good . let 's file this sucker and forget about it . dissolve to : deception by Richard Taylor 47 . int . squad room - day gentry pound away at a old manual typewriter , finish the ericksen case report . Leon sit nearby go through they previous report . he stop . something be bother he . he pick up the phone and dial . int . TRAVEL agency - day lester fenady , early 30 , a handsome , well - groom man who take great pride in he appearance , pick up the phone . lester Les fenady . May I help you ? -intercut lester and leon talking on the phone leon detective kessler , Mr. fenady . Los Angeles Police Department . do you remember sell a round - trip ticket to San Francisco on the tenth of this month ? lester I sell a lot of ticket , officer . if you can give I a ticket number , I will bring it up on the computer . maybe it will ring a bell . leon ( read ) one " D , " as in dog , four nine seven one six six three . lester hold on . lester tap the number into he console . a moment later the information come up onto the screen . lester study it a moment before : lester oh , yeah . I remember this one . paid in cash . leon think you could identify he ? lester no. deception by Richard Taylor 48 . leon I think you say you remember -- lester it be not aman . it be a woman . and she I can identify . as a matter of fact , I would like to , if it mean I could see she again . resume squad room - leon lower the phone and look over at gentry , who 's pound away at the manual typewriter . finally : leon hey , pete. stop. gentry ( still type ) what be it ? leon the case be not close . I get a guy here who say he can identify ericksen 's accomplice . his girlfriend . Leon grin . gentry stop and look at Leon as he return the phone receiver to he ear . girlfriend ? dissolve to : int . police computer station room - day lester fenady sit beside a computer operator who input he comment . a woman 's face be beginning to take shape on the screen . lester no , she chin be not so point . computer operator you mean like this ? he tap in a few command . the girl 's chin become less point . lester yeah , that 's more like it . deception by Richard Taylor 49 . later across the room , gentry stand watch the laser printer spit out the first hard copy . it slide into a wire basket . gentry pick it up , look at it : adrienne . different hair . different make-up . almost a honky - tonk version of adrienne , but almost certainly she nonetheless . gentry cover she hair . the resemblance be more strike . computer operator' voice anybody you know ? gentry spin , startle by the Operator 's unintentional stealth . gentry what ? he 's kid , but he ask it again : computer operator anybody you know ? gentry ( not convincing ) no , I do not think so . Leon move up behind gentry as the computer operator leave and stare past he at the artist 's depiction in he hand . leon look like I be wrong . gentry what do you mean ? leon about ericksen 's girlfriend . gentry ( dry throat ) oh ? how 's that ? leon she 's no dog . gentry continue to stare at the draw as Leon cross the room to retrieve he jacket from the back of a chair . deception by Richard Taylor 50 . leon hey , pete. I be goin ' home . wanna xerox that for r&i ? you from across the room , Leon realize that gentry have not move . he give he a quizzical look before : leon hey , you hear I ? I say -- gentry sure . I will do it . leon see ya tomorrow . gentry right . tomorrow . int . squad room - day gentry watch copy after copy of the sketch slide out of the photocopy machine , image of adrienne , one after another . he scoops up a dozen and make for a desk . gentry draw a new hairstyle onto one of the copy , alter the make - up look with a few nervous scrawl ... and sit back . later half of the sketches have be alter by gentry 's inexpert hand . no matter how many time you ask the question , the answer 's the same : adrienne . he dump all of the copy into a briefcase and shut it . ext. / int . gentry's porsche - day he power the metal beast down the Coast highway . ext . adrienne's driveway & house - day the porsche roll to a stop in the gravel . gentry slide out slowly . weighted down . pull the briefcase out of the car , gentry make for a long moment finally he enter . for the walkway lead to the side door . gentry stand before the door , indecisive . deception by Richard Taylor 51 . int . ericksen house - day gentry enter . no one home , apparently . he set the briefcase down on the counter , move for the slide door . ext . ericksen house beach deck - day addie lie sunbathing on a lounger . gentry appear at the slide door and take she in a moment before he exit . he walk to the rail , look out to sea . adrienne be something wrong ? gentry no. nothing . addie rise , move up behind gentry and begin to massage he neck and shoulder . Fighting it , gentry find the massage nonetheless wonderful . adrienne I think you could use a drink . gentry yeah . adrienne come inside . int . ericksen house adrienne move for the liquor cabinet . gentry watch she a moment before : gentry we find the car . addie face he . radiating happiness . adrienne then it 's over ! this whole ugly mess be behind we ! gentry look at the briefcase on the counter . can not tell she the truth . finally : gentry yeah . it 's over . adrienne see gentry 's brief look at the briefcase . she take he arm and lead he toward the stair . deception by Richard Taylor 52 . adrienne you look beat . why do not you go upstairs and take a shower ... no , I have a better idea . why do not we go upstairs and take a shower ? she kiss he . gentry try to respond , but cannot . then : gentry addie ?... do you ever suspect you husband of have a mistress ? the question cause a quake somewhere deep inside she . she conceal it . adrienne no . why do you ask ? gentry no reason . int . bathroom - day addie release gentry just inside the door and go to turn on the water in the shower . steam billow over the top of the glass wall before she return and begin to unbutton and unfasten he clothes . he stop she . gentry no ... no , look , you go ahead . I just want to relax for a little while . unwind . I will take a shower later . only momentarily disappointed : adrienne have it you own way . she take several step toward the shower , then spin and loosen the robe tie . adrienne just so you know what you be miss . the robe fall to the floor . she grin , turn and walk to and inside the shower . gentry watch she go . unable to look away . smitten . chain . only after the shower door close do he retreat from the bathroom . deception by Richard Taylor 53 . int . adrienne's bedroom - day gentry stop in the doorway from the bathroom and take in the room . gentry quickly peruse the top of adrienne 's vanity , note ironically she brand of perfume , deceit , before move to she desk . at the desk gentry take one look over he shoulder at the open bathroom door . steam still rise , billow out . gentry sit , think about it a moment , then pull open the drawer . he find adrienne 's appointment and address book . he open it , begin go down the list . first page : nothing . second : no. third ... adrienne grab he from behind ! she cup he eye and laugh , she naked , soapy body stain he clothes . gentry twist and the appointment / address book tumble to the floor . addie fall into he arm , unaware or uncare about the book . for a long moment he hold she , they eye lock . his eye take in she wet , exquisite body . she begin to unbutton he shirt , then rip it open in frustration , kissing he chest and nipple . adrienne ( between kiss ) Pete , I be sorry ... so sorry , I ... can not ... help ... it ... I ... want ... you ... to ... oh ! gentry 's reserve break like a crack dam . he stand and yank she up into he arm and carry she to the bed . she crash onto it but be up in a instant to undo he pants . moment later they naked body writhe in unleash lust . addie cry in pleasure and sweet pain as gentry grab she great mane of hair , riding forward like a charge warrior . later even yet they lie entwine , lover whose last drop of passion have be spend on the other . dissolve to : int . adrienne's bedroom - night gentry lie sleep . addie study he . she rise , careful not to awaken he , slip on a robe and move for the door . deception by Richard Taylor 54 . kitchen —- adrienne enter the kitchen , where gentry leave he briefcase . she snap the second lock out , then open the case . Inside be the copy of the computer - generate sketch . startle , addie turn on a light and study the sketches , each with a different scribble to make it look more like she . at the bottom of each picture be print ( by computer ) description of ticket purchaser by lester fenady . startle by a noise behind she , adrienne shut the case and spin around ... only to find she cat , buttermilk , meow for attention . she kneel to pet buttermilk . just then gentry enter the kitchen . she start . gentry what be you do ? adrienne oh !... I could not sleep . I just come down for a drink . what about you ? can I get you something ? gentry no thanks . adrienne move for the door . look back over she shoulder : adrienne you come ? gentry I will be there in a minute . adrienne leave . gentry open the briefcase . the sketch of adrienne / look -alike sit on top of a pile of papers . do she see the sketch ? , a worried look at the door ask . gentry close the case and spin the combination lock . int . kitchen - day addie and gentry sit across the breakfast table from one another . each eat quietly . Inner thought . tension . gentry 's beeper go off . he stand , tap a number into the wall phone . gentry gentry here . deception by Richard Taylor 55 . int . squad room - day Leon sit on the communal desk . a multi-page phone bill be spread out before he . leon Pete , I have be go over ericksen 's phone bill . I think I find something . -intercut with gentry gentry ( eyeing adrienne ) what ? leon call make from he beverly Hills office to a residence in San pedro . all of they make after seven p.m. and all make on a week - night , most of they tuesday , wednesday or thursdays . gentry his mistress . leon bingo . gentry get a address ? ext . adrienne's driveway - day gentry pace toward he car . the moment he slide behind the wheel and turn the key in the ignition , adrienne stroll from the walkway to watch he go . the porsche 's start motor drone , the cold engine almost catch , then die . gentry try it again . it die again . gentry piece of shit ! adrienne want I to call triple -a ? gentry no . it 's cold , that 's all . the engine catch . gentry throw it in reverse and the porsche screech out of the driveway . deception by Richard Taylor 56 . ext . san pedro apartment build - day gentry 's porsche be park in front along with two black - and - white and Leon 's unmark car . int . apartment hallway - day two uniform cop stand outside the door as gentry enter . int . live room - day gentry find laszlo kinski , late 30 , a lean and intelligent man who speak with a faint Eastern european accent , " dusting " a table . gentry hey , laszlo . where 's Leon ? laszlo ( without look up ) bedroom . int . bedroom - day gentry enter and find Leon nearly engulf by clothes in the wall closet . gentry Leon . leon hey , Pete . Leon have find something . leon look at this . he open a suit coat display a label . reading : leon Hand -made for Douglas ericksen by cleve and son , London tailor . gentry take one look at the label before : gentry bingo . the coat land on the bed . deception by Richard Taylor 57 . later there be now two nearly equal pile of clothing on the bed , half suit and sportcoat , the other half dress and blouse . gentry toss the last jacket as Leon check the last dress . nothing . leon look at this shit ! this be not Paris original shit ; this be k - Mart shit ! I do not get it . ericksen be a classy guy , right ? but this broad dress like she 's on welfare . something else bother I . there 's nothing personal here . no family picture . no phone book or old mail or just plain crap she could not bring herself to throw away . gentry maybe there be not anything she can not throw away . leon that would make she a strange woman , all right . int . live room - day gentry enter to find laszlo " dusting " one side of a vanity table too large for the bedroom . gentry so how 's it look ? laszlo pretty clean . gentry turn he attention to the opposite side of the table where several dozen perfume and lotion bottle be arrange . gentry you do here ? laszlo yeah . nothing . one bottle beckon : deceit . the same scent adrienne wear . gentry stare at it a long moment before pick it up . it remain in he hand , a symbol for something far more important , until : deception by Richard Taylor 58 . laszlo that 's pretty good stuff . my girlfriend use it . startle , gentry compose himself before : gentry yeah , so do ericksen 's wife . something catch gentry 's attention , a fold of thick paper wedge behind the vanity table . he kneel , slip he hand under the table and pull the paper out : a take - out menu from a Greek restaurant , Alexander 's . gentry study the menu 's logo . this be the first personal clue find in " marta 's " apartment . exterior day - a point of view : TRAVEL agency look through the plate glass window as lester fenady toss a wave to a assistant and leave . fenady climb into a new Mazda rx7 park in front . the car pull into traffic . the point of view follow he ... point of view : fenady' house we watch fenady 's rx7 pull into the garage , the we glide by down - the street . point of view : looking through the front window as fenady enter the house and unbutton he shirt as he walk toward the phone . a instant later fenady have dial the phone . he grin , obviously talk to someone very intimate . still grin , he hang up , go to the door and unlock it . the moving point of view navigate around the side of the house through the bush to the rear deck , watch as fenady , wear only a towel , exit the house while pull the cork out of a bottle of champagne . he drop the bottle into a ice bucket , slip a cassette into a nearby boom box , yank the towel free and slide into a steaming hot tub . deception by Richard Taylor 59 . the point of view move closer as fenady , oblivious to this intruder , pour himself a glass of champagne and settles back for a little hedonistic pleasure . glove hand -- that of this intruder -- reach out and lift the boom box over the back of fenady 's head . still plugge in , the box drop into the water . fenady 's spasmodic body almost leap from the tub . but he settles back into the frothy mass of water , boil like a two -minute egg . ext . san pedro apartment pool - day gentry and Leon wait as the apartment manager , mr . zazel , 56 , a lithuanian emigre to America , stare at the police sketch of adrienne / look-alike . finally : zazel yes , this be she . she live here , oh -- four month . maybe five . she pay cash . always cash . gentry do she give any reference ? zazel no . no reference . just cash . leon do she have any visitor ? anyone you might remember ? zazel there be man , big man . maybe boyfriend . he come visit . Leon produce the coroner 's photograph of ericksen . leon be this the man ? Zazel take it from Leon 's hand and study it before : zazel not sure . maybe . a uniform cop step up . uniformed cop sergeant gentry ? deception by Richard Taylor 60 . gentry yeah . uniformed cop I just get a call for you about a witness , a guy name fenady ? gentry what about he ? uniformed cop he 's dead . int . fenady' house - day gentry , Leon and a bulbous cop , fatcop , pace through fenady 's house . fatcop his girl friend find he , say one - thirty . she come over and there he be float in the tub . leon homicide dejour . fatcop accidental death . clear and simple . do not you guy try and fuck up my case load . gentry shit . hate to do that . ext . rear deck of fenady' house - day fatcop lead gentry and Leon through fenady 's back door to the deck . fenady 's naked body float in the tub . the cassette player , its cord still plugge into a nearby floor socket , be wedge between he flesh and the tub side . leon ( eyeing body ) I think he 's do . fatcop cute . gentry you should know fenady be a witness in a on-go homicide investigation . deception by Richard Taylor 61 . fatcop that the way you guy see this ? homicide ? I see accidental death . gentry kneel to have a closer look at the boom box . gentry how do you figure ? fatcop he 's in the tub . he reach over there -- ( gesture table ) to change the channel and -- gentry there 's a cassette in the player . fatcop okay , then , change the cassette . he touch the boom box , it short out and he can not let go . he drag it into the tub and fries . leon not fry . poach , maybe , but not fry . a moment later gentry and Leon make they way to the door . leon okay , maybe it be a accident . gentry maybe . leon or maybe ericksen 's girlfriend be try to get rid of any witness . fenady could have tie she to the attempt murder of Mrs. ericksen . gentry maybe . leon I could believe it myself except for one thing . gentry what 's that ? deception by Richard Taylor 62 . leon how do she find out about fenady ? how would she get he address ? but gentry 's mind be too occupy with dark thought for he to respond . adrienne . the police sketch . then : leon you know what I think ? I think the girlfriend be the brain behind ericksen . she 's the one who talk he into try to kill he wife ... I think we get one smart , crazy bitch out there . ext . adrienne's beach house deck - night gentry stand at the rail stare out to sea . the door slide open behind he . addie step out with two wind - shield candle and place they on the dining table that 's be set up on the deck . she light each candle , then turn to look at gentry . sense he emotional distance , she come up behind he , loop she arm through he , then circle he for a kiss . his lip be as cold as marble . adrienne draw back . adrienne there 's something on you mind . what be it ? gentry do not answer , continue stare out to sea . adrienne wo not you tell I -- ? gentry where be you today ? adrienne what do you mean ? gentry answer the question . where be you today ? adrienne here . there . gentry turn the cold steel of he eye on she . suddenly frighten , adrienne draw away from he . adrienne I go to the market . deception by Richard Taylor 63 . gentry when ? adrienne Pete , I -- close in on she : gentry when ? adrienne Three thirty . four. gentry what be you do earlier ? adrienne what time ? gentry early afternoon . around one . gentry 's tone be that of a prosecutor . adrienne be almost in tear . adrienne I go for a walk . gentry where ? adrienne here . on the beach . gentry any witness ? adrienne witnesses ? no , I ... no ! Pete , tell I what 's go on ! he stare into she eye for a long moment . then : gentry you be tell I you do not know ? adrienne that 's right . that 's what I be tell you . deception by Richard Taylor 64 . gentry I ask you if you husband have a girlfriend , remember ? remember what you say ? adrienne yes . gentry I spend some time in San pedro today . know anything about San pedro , adrienne ? adrienne no . why do you ask ? gentry it 's where you husband 's girlfriend life . adrienne ( stunne ) what be you talk about ?! gentry you be tell I you do not know he have a girlfriend ? be that what you're telling I ? adrienne Pete , I ... I ... he say nothing . wait . she 's shaking , the tear come now . adrienne her name 's marta . I do not know she last name . she know Douglas before ... before he and I ... the first time we meet , Douglas say I remind he of someone . except I be prettier , he say . I ask he about she , but he would not tell I anything , except that it be all over . she leave he for another man , that 's all he would say . and then four , maybe five month ago ... gentry he start see she again . do he tell you ? deception by Richard Taylor 65 . adrienne no ... she do ! she 's crazy , Pete . she come to the house ! she be scary . weird ! she threaten I ! sob now , adrienne can not go on . she flinch at he touch . gentry and then what ? adrienne I move out . I go to a hotel . I tell Douglas he have to choose between we . I could not live that way . and he ... and he choose I ... I think . gentry why do not you tell I any of this ? adrienne I ... it be too painful . like open a old wound . I do not want you to know because ... just be a part of it make I feel dirty . I want to start fresh . with you . gentry study she in silence before : gentry he say you remind he of marta . do he say why ? adrienne the time I see she I know why . it be really uncanny , she look so much like I . we could have be sister . adrienne wipe tear from she eye and try to compose herself . adrienne why be you ask I that question about what I do today ? ( when he do not answer ) something 's happen ... tell I , damn it ! deception by Richard Taylor 66 . gentry consider it a long moment make up he mind , then pull a fold xerox of adrienne / look -alike from he pocket and give it to she . gentry be that marta ? stun and fearful even in the presence of marta 's likeness , adrienne gesture yes . adrienne what do she do ? gentry we think she 's you husband 's accomplice . she help he set up a alibi . adrienne that 's all ? gentry almost do not answer . then : gentry no . there be a man who could have identify she . he die today . it may have be homicide . adrienne oh my god ... gentry take the draw from she hand , look at it . gentry she look a lot like you . adrienne yes , I know ... ( realize ) you think ... think it be I ! gentry I do not know what to think . adrienne turn from he and bury she face in she hand , cry . gentry turn she about , pull she into he arm . adrienne oh , Pete , I be scared ... what if she come after I ? gentry she will not . I will not let she . deception by Richard Taylor 67 . and the way he say it , the kind of guy he be , she believe it totally . they kiss . dissolve to : ext . ericksen driveway - next morning gentry turn the porsche engine over . adrienne watch from the gate hold she robe shut with fold hand . the starter motor drone on , without effect . finally : adrienne I could call someone . frustrate , gentry crawl out of the porsche . gentry no time . I will get a cab . adrienne you can take my car . ext . / int . mercede - day gentry slip behind the wheel of adrienne 's mercede . the engine catch immediately . gentry guide the luxury car out onto the Coast highway , then up - sunset boulevard . decide to see what this baby can do , he check the rear-view mirror , see no one , then floor it . the mercede bolt forward . gentry settles in behind the wheel , enjoy the speed , testing the mercede against sunset boulevard 's curve and hill . Far ahead , he see a street light turn red . he apply the brake . nothing . worse , the mercede have not slowed its acceleration . it jet forward , increase speed . gentry pull the emergency brake . useless . the mercede dash for the stop light . Cars cross the intersection at interval . the light remain red . gentry slam a palm down on the horn . it blare a warning . the mercede shoot through the intersection , barely miss two crossing car , and continue on , gentry twist its wheel to avoid hit anyone and slamm he foot on the brake repeatedly . he pass car on the leave , then right , and know he can hold off destruction no longer , gentry open the driver 's door and leap free . he roll to the side of the road as the mercede impact against a stone wall and explode in a fiery flash . deception by Richard Taylor 68 . gentry stand , shake , a few scratch mark he brush with death . dissolve to : ext . the coast highway - day a lapd black - and - white shoot up the highway . gentry ride shotgun . ext . ericksen driveway & house - day the black - and - white screech to a stop and gentry bolt out of the sedan and run toward the house . two uniform patrolmen exit they cruiser and watch he go . at the side door , gentry bolt inside . int . adrienne's house - day gentry run inside , look in the kitchen , then rush into the live room . gentry addie ! adrienne ! adrienne stop at the top of the stair . adrienne Pete ? see he craze condition and tear clothes , she descend the step hurriedly . adrienne what happen ? be you okay ? gentry the car . you mercede . someone tampere with it . adrienne what ? gentry the accelerator stick . no brake . I just drive it into a wall ... someone just try to kill you . they almost kill I instead . adrienne be stunne . she consider the ramification of this as she lower herself to the couch . then : deception by Richard Taylor 69 . adrienne Pete !... it 's marta , be not it ? gentry I want you to stay inside , keep the door lock . and here , take this - gentry pull he service .38 out and hand it to she butt - first . adrienne look at it . then : adrienne I have a gun , remember ? ( finally ) and I know how to use it . ext . ericksen house - day gentry exit and turn to take adrienne into he arm . they kiss . gentry linger in the doorway savore she before he turn and make for the gate ... where Leon stand with a sizable grin on he face . he 's see they together . leon do a little ... undercover work , Pete ? gentry stop dead , take a look over he shoulder to insure adrienne have not see Leon -- she have not ; the door be long since close -- before turn to again face he . then : gentry okay . so now you know . leon hey , do not get you back up . I be sympathetic . envious , even . I mean , that be one fine look woman you have in there ... gentry what bring you out here , Leon ? leon I get a call that say my partner be almost turn into asphalt fondue , I be interested . gentry consider that a moment before : gentry okay . I be sorry . thanks for give a shit . deception by Richard Taylor 70 . leon Pete , I 'ma liberal guy -- gentry ( grin ) sure you be . leon a man want to dip the bucket in a strange well , I figure that 's okay . who be I to say no ? but if the broad be a suspect -- gentry look , I be sorry , Leon . I should have tell you about adrienne . leon no , that be not it . gentry ( continuous ) I want to . I really do . I just leon ( forceful ) no . that be not it . ( beat ) she 's a suspect in a murder investigation . she 's suspect of kill she husband ! and now you almost kiss some concrete at sixty mile a hour ! do I have to draw you a picture ? gentry you do not understand -- leon yeah , maybe I do and maybe I do not . but I be do my think with a organ locate above my neck . which be more than I can say for you . steam , gentry almost physically confront Leon . only respect and love keep he from pin the older man against the wall . gentry okay , maybe I be break a couple of rule ! ( more ) deception by Richard Taylor 71 . gentry ( cont would ) but I be not stupid and I have not change over - night , so do not treat I like a rookie , Leon !... adrienne do not sabotage she own car . marta do ! leon who 's marta ? gentry ericksen 's mistress . adrienne know she , meet she once , anyway . leon she id would the sketch ? gentry yeah . leon why do not she come forward with this before ? gentry she think it be over . she have no reason to suspect she husband be work with he ex-lover . leon and now this marta be out for revenge , that it ? gentry yeah . she sabotage the car . she blame adrienne for kill ericksen . Leon study gentry before : leon so what be they , identical twin ?... I be not blind . fenady 's sketch could be you girlfriend there -- gentry she explain that . when she meet ericksen , he tell she she remind he of someone . his ex -fiance ' . marta . what ? you do not think a man can be attract to two woman for the same reason ? deception by Richard Taylor 72 . leon I hope you be right , ' cause if you be not ... gentry ( firm ) I be right . leon good enough . he pivot and exit through the gate . gentry turn ... and see a movement in the nearby window . adrienne ? overhear they ? gentry move for he car . int . squad room - day do she pull on he coat , Leon approach gentry who be go over various report at the desk . leon ( check wristwatch ) I have get a doctor 's appointment at three and then I be meeting roberta for dinner . we be try out a hungarian restaurant that specialize in small furry insect fry in they own milk . wanna come along ? gentry sound ... appetizing . but I gota couple thing to follow up here . maybe next time . Leon head for the door . leon okay . want I to bring you the left-over ? gentry Nah . I would be afraid they would get loose and mate with the local . Leon grin , throw Pete a wave and exit . the moment he 's go , gentry 's smile fade . he sit think . fenady 's sketch of adrienne 's look - alike peek above a briefcase partition . deception by Richard Taylor 73 . he bring the draw out , expose the take - out menu from Alexander 's Restaurant find at " marta 's " apartment . gentry place both object on the desk and look at they a long moment before pick up the phone . he dial . gentry Mr. Zazel ? intercut with : int . zazel be san pedro apartment - day the place be dreary and old . Zazel , wear a bathrobe , stand beside a old - fashioned telephone table . zazel yes . who be it ? gentry sergeant gentry , lapd . I meet you yesterday regard one of you tenant ? zazel yes ... what do you want ? gentry I be wonder if you could give we some help in identify someone ? zazel come down there ? picture ? gentry no , actually , point someone out in a restaurant . could you do that ? zazel sure . I can . I guess . gentry there 's a Greek restaurant call Alexander 's there in town . could you meet I there about seven - thirty ? zazel I do not drive car , sergeant . gentry that 's okay . i'1l pick you up . Seven - thirty , okay ? deception by Richard Taylor zazel seven-thirty . resume squad room - gentry hang up . a instant later he redial . gentry ( phone ) adrienne ? intercut with : int . adrienne's house - day adrienne answer the phone . adrienne hello ? gentry addie , wanna grab a bite out tonight ? adrienne ( warming ) get tired of my cooking ? gentry never ... like Greek food ? adrienne sure . gentry there 's this place I like a lot , Alexander 's . it 's in San pedro . know it ? 74 . the word Alexander 's impact immediately . adrienne cover she concern . adrienne be that the place on the channel ? gentry you have be there ? adrienne I think ... someone take I there a long time ago . deception by Richard Taylor 75 . gentry meet you at eight ? adrienne sure . eight o'clock . ext . san pedro STREET - night gentry 's porsche pull up before Zazel 's apartment building and he get out , move for the step and ascend . gentry tap lightly on the door . it swing open . gentry Mr. Zazel ? gentry lean inside . gentry Mr. Zazel ?... interior Zazel' apartment - night gentry step inside the nearly dark apartment . have receive no answer to he call , he reach for he service revolver when a shadowy figure step from behind a door and hit he . gentry collapse as the figure , briefly see to be a woman , rush out . dissolve to : interior Zazel' apartment - night moment have pass . or hour . gentry moan , reach up to he head and then look at he hand . blood . gentry crawl to a table , use it to rise , then almost topple a lamp before find its switch . Light explode into the room . blood have trickle and almost dry on he brow . dizzy , gentry almost fall , then rights himself . something catch he attention across the room . Zazel . Dead . dissolve to : ext . Zazel' build - night two coroner 's assistant guide a gurney toward a wait wagon . two uniform cop finish querying gentry ( unheard ) for they report and walk away , leave he lean against he porsche , swathing he head with a ball of gauze he get earlier from ambulance attendant . deception by Richard Taylor 76 . gentry watch the old man 's body be load into the coroner 's wagon . thought . suspicion . int . alexander's restaurant - night gentry enter and move for the matre 'd 's desk . blood and sweat still cake on he face , gentry 's appearance be a startling contrast to the diner about he . gentry the name be gentry . I be late . I have a eight o'clock reservation . matre 'd but sir ! it 's after nine ! gentry yeah , that 's fine . I be just check to see if my date arrive . have anyone -- ? matre 'd I be sorry , sir , but no one use you reservation . gentry consider what this mean as stream of people surge and flex about he . then : gentry telephone ? matre 'd in the alcove , sir . there . gentry course through the crowd to a phone alcove near the restroom , find a coin , dial . the phone begin to ring . no answer . the ringing drone on . interior beach house - night the house light be on . buttermilk look up from a nap to take in the phone . it ring on . interior alexander's restaurant - night gentry slowly remove the receiver from he ear , lower it into its cradle . the ringing stop . finally . gentry pivot and exit . int . bar - night gentry . alone . two shot glass in front of he . both empty . the bartender bring another . fill it . gentry empty it . deception by Richard Taylor 77 . int . squad room - night the night crew be work . two guy bored to hell . play catch with a softball across the room . gentry enter . tire . mind-fucked . his briefcase be where he leave it . so be the picture . gentry look at it . nearby on the table be a small pile of pink phone message note . to gentry . from adrienne . as the softball sail across the room , landing phlatt ! again and again in a mitt , gentry stare at the sketch . a decision have to be make , but he 's reluctant to make it . finally gentry stand , check that he service revolver be load , then make for the door . int . adrienne's bedroom - night reading a magazine , adrienne recline on she bed stroking buttermilk , she cat , who lie nearby . a sound . from downstairs . adrienne freeze . another sound . a repeat of the night Douglas be kill . adrienne stand , move reluctantly for the door . stair - adrienne pause at the top of the staircase and listen . nothing . adrienne Pete , be that you ? nothing . adrienne pivot to return to the bedroom when another noise sound below . adrienne Pete ? no response . buttermilk slide past she and down the stair . she kneel and reach out for the animal . adrienne buttermilk . do not go down there . but the cat be lose to the darkness . adrienne stand , consider retreat . again : adrienne Pete , I try to call ... when there 's no answer , she withdraw . deception by Richard Taylor 78 . a moment later adrienne return . with the .357 Magnum revolver that chew up she husband . she follow its barrel 's descent down the step . live room - adrienne stop at the base of the stair and listen . a snap and a whoosh cause she to pivot and see buttermilk near the drape . she take a deep breath and sweep she eye across the room , the gun barrel follow , before realize that the slide door to the deck be OPEN . adrienne ( tremble ) Pete , if this be you idea of a practical joke , it be not funny . a form take shape in the shadow outside . adrienne gasp and stagger back several step , swinging the gun about crazily , half out of control . the shadowy form move closer , enter the house . adrienne continue to retreat , every breath threaten to seize control of she . the figure approach . adrienne ( sobbing ) this gun be load ! i'11l shoot ! I will shoot , damn it ! gentry step into the light . the shadow figure . he stare at she with angry , murderous eye . adrienne Pete ! ( recover ) Pete ! damn it , I could have kill you ! ( surging into he arm ) I could have kill you ! but he do not reciprocate she affection . she draw away , look at he . adrienne what 's wrong ? what 's the matter ? gentry you know what 's wrong . you know better than I do . you have always know better than I do . deception by Richard Taylor 79 . adrienne I do not know what that mean . tell I what that mean . gentry where be you tonight ? adrienne the rental car have a dead battery . I try to call . a movement beyond the plate glass door . almost nothing . gentry another lie ... the truth start with this : you murder you husband in cold blood . adrienne ( gasp ) no ! gentry you murder fenady when you think he could identify you . adrienne no , Pete ! you know I do not ! marta -- ! gentry marta do not exist ! you create she to mislead the police ! the movement become a person . closer . adrienne she exist ! she want to kill I ! gentry you try to murder I . you rig the car , do not you ? the intruder be a woman . she could be ... adrienne , but she be not . adrienne no! gentry and tonight you murder a old man because he could identify you ! deception by Richard Taylor 80 . adrienne Pete , this be crazy ! this be crazy , I -- but gentry grasp she , hold she eye- to -eye . a moment later he take she gun . gentry you be finish lie , Mrs. ericksen ! marta bring a weapon up . she aim it at adrienne , not gentry . focus on each other , neither gentry nor adrienne have see marta until this moment . gentry leap across the darkness knock adrienne to the ground as muzzleflash after muzzleflash explode in the darkness . by the time gentry be on he foot , the woman have disappear . he find adrienne . gentry be you okay ? adrienne yes !... marta ! gentry bolt for the door . ext . ericksen driveway - night gentry rocket around the side of the house and past he own porsche to the street . he see tail - light flash down the block before tire screech and the car accelerate away . gentry lower he weapon and turn , almost collide with adrienne . the distance between they be nothing , and it be immense . dissolve to : ext . beach house driveway - night flash red light from the roof of several police black - and - white bathe the area in undulate wave of crimson . gentry talk to two uniform officer ; Leon lean against a nearby car , listen . gentry -- see if anyone can give we the license plate number . deception by Richard Taylor 81 . patrolman sarge , it 's pretty late ... gentry I do not care . the car be park a hundred yard north of here , but it may haven be in the neighborhood for hour . the assailant be probably wait for the right moment to act . any question ? no . the moment gentry 's finish with the blue suit , he turn and catch Leon 's look . gentry move toward the house . Leon stop he . leon look like you be right . gentry how 's that ? leon she 's innocent . you be right . I be wrong . gentry yeah . it happen . gentry move for the walkway . Leon watch he go . concerned . a moment later Leon follow gentry and see he enter the house . he continue past the door , around to the front from where gentry and adrienne 's assailant make she getaway . int . adrienne's house - night gentry close the door behind he . he see adrienne sit on the couch . alone. unmove . look out the window at the darkness and the sea . gentry move to she . gentry let I get you a drink . but she have a cup in she lap . still full . adrienne no . thanks . cold . distant . her eye remain at sea . deception by Richard Taylor 82 . gentry study she a long while before : gentry I be wrong . the admission elicit nothing from addie . her mind be far away . gentry I ... think I have enough reason -- adrienne how could you sleep with I and believe I be a ... murderer ? gentry be startle by the question and the look of intense anger etched into she feature . gentry addie , I -- adrienne how could you make love to I ... ( angry and tearful ) and believe that ?! ext . adrienne's house - night Leon stand just outside the window . he see gentry and adrienne talk and can barely hear the conversation . pull a penlight from a jacket pocket , Leon squat with a oomph ! and trail the penlight across the sand . leon Jesus , I be get too old for this shit ... even from here , he can hear snippet of gentry and adrienne 's conversation between the crash of wave . gentry's voice I say I be wrong . I be sorry . adrienne's voice but how could you believe that , Pete ? do not you know I ? do not you know who I be by now ? Leon 's penlight beam be pick up nothing but sand and a myriad of footprint . he see something and reach for it . gentry's voice I know who you be , addie . deception by Richard Taylor 83 . Leon pull a pair of swim trunk from the sand . nearby , something that look like a opaque balloon . he reach for that too , until he realize what it be and throw it into the darkness . leon shit ! shit ! probably get aids from the fuck thing ! int . adrienne's house - night adrienne be at the door now , but continue to look out at the night . gentry stand across the room . distance between they . he realize that it be insurmountable . finally : gentry I know you do not want I to stay here , but I be go to arrange for around - the-clock police surveillance . you will be okay . when she do not respond gentry move for the door . it 's open and he 's halfway through it when she spin . adrienne Pete ! gentry stop . she 's too far away and obscure by shadow for he to see she expression . he walk toward she . halfway there he see the tear in she eye . he continue until they body unite . he pull she close . ext . adrienne's house - night Leon stand up and see adrienne as she be swallow by gentry 's arm . he spin she around . her eye open . on Leon . for a long moment they look at one another . then she eye close . at the door - leon tap several time . int . adrienne's house - night gentry pull he service revolver and go to the door . gentry who be it ? leon' voice it 's I . deception by Richard Taylor 84 . gentry open the door and Leon lean in . he make brief eye - contact with adrienne across the room , but she turn away immediately . leon look , I forget to tell you . I have a call in to the dmv . they leave a message with metzger and he call it in to my answer machine . ( fishing paper out of pocket ) ericksen 's car be sell two month ago by a use car lot in Santa monica . ( shrug ) it 's the only lead we get . gentry I will be out in a minute . leon right . Leon exit . gentry take in adrienne across the room . buttermilk have curl up in she lap and she pet the cat gently . gentry sit on the arm of the couch beside she . gentry Leon and I be go to check out a lead . in the meantime , the safest thing be for you to accept police protection and go to a hotel . adrienne this be my home . I be not go to be force out . not by she . buttermilk stretch , then wander off . gentry what about police protection ? adrienne if you think it 's necessary . gentry take she hand in he . gentry it 's necessary ... addie , you know what you mean to I .... but you have get to understand I be a cop , too . ( more ) deception by Richard Taylor 85 . gentry ( cont would ) it 's what I do ; it 's what I be . I can not stop be a cop just because I be nut for you . adrienne all I ask be that you believe I , Pete . gentry I believe you . ext . adrienne's beach house driveway - dawn gentry exit to find Leon wait in he unmark police unit . leon I have get a call in for a unit . gentry light a cigaret , lean against the car . a moment later a black - and - white pull into the driveway . gentry one of you guy cover the beach side . clear everyone . patrol officer right . gentry slide into Leon 's unit and it pull away as the uniform cop exit they black - and - white , stretch , move for they assign position . ext . used car lot - day gentry and Leon lean on a late-model ' vette as a new old sedan pull into the lot . a pass mechanic note : mechanic that 's he . gentry and Leon follow the car . elsewhere on the used car lot a tall , thin man , salesman , slide out of the old as gentry and Leon approach . gentry show he he police id . gentry Police officer . salesman ( wary ) yeah ?... deception by Richard Taylor 86 . gentry we be try to trace down a car you report sell two month ago . salesman the buyer do not re-register it , right ? leon you get it . salesman yeah , that happen a lot . c'mon , I will look it up for you . int . used car lot office - day the salesman thumb through file in a cabinet drawer use a slip of paper Leon give he as a guide . salesman here it be ... Blue ' 87 Chrysler . sold it June 9th . paid cash . gentry to a woman ? salesman ( surprised ) no. man. gentry and Leon share a look . gentry take a wallet - size photo of ericksen from he pocket , hand it to the salesman . gentry this the guy ? the salesman look at the picture a instant before : salesman no ... the guy who buy this car be maybe thirty , smaller . you know , not as beafy - look . leon get a name ? salesman I get the whole nine yard , but the guy do not register the car , it 's probably bullshit . deception by Richard Taylor 87 . gentry we will take it anyway . salesman ( read file ) beavis . Steven beavis . 12386 King 's Road , West Hollywood . leon we will need a xerox of that purchase contract , too . ext . used car lot - day gentry and Leon pace toward they car . leon okay , I will give you three scenario . one : a uninvolved party buy the car for he own reason and later turn it over to ericksen . two : ericksen pay someone to buy it for he . Three : marta have a boy friend and once Mrs. ericksen be out of the way , they plan to kill ericksen for he money . gentry ( determine ) fuck scenario . ext . construction site - day Leon 's unmark police unit pull to the curb before a vacant lot . int . unmarked police unit - day gentry behind the wheel . Leon check the address against they xerox of the purchase contract . leon yeah . this should be the place . gentry curse beneath he breath and put the car into motion . all business . focus . Leon study he . concerned . int . squad room - day gentry on the phone . Leon sit nearby study the car purchase contract . deception by Richard Taylor 88 . gentry ( phone ) she do not want to leave the house , Captain ... yeah , I know , but at least we could ... manpower shortage , sure , but ... yes , sir . I understand . gentry slam the phone down . gentry the fuck I do ! leon what be it ? rising and pull on he coat : gentry they be yanking we protective surveillance . I be get she out of that house . you come ? leon no . think I will check out the rest of this . he gesture at the contract . gentry it 's a dead end . gentry move for the exit . leon yeah , well , even good liar can not lie all the time ... hey , gentry ! gentry turn at the door and give Leon a look that ask , what ? leon keep you fly zipped , okay ? gentry give he a gruff look and exit . Leon give the purchase contract a glance , then pull it closer for yet another read . insert - purchase contract Leon 's finger trace down its middle , stop for the briefest moment on the line that ask occupation ? deception by Richard Taylor 89 . the word actor have be pencile in . Leon 's finger return to the line . resume leon as he think about it before pick up the phone to dial . intercut leon' phone conversation with : int . larry edmond book store - day phil clayborne , late 40s , bald but otherwise youthful - look , move up the counter and answer the phone . phil ( phone ) Larry edmond Book store . this be phil clayborne . leon phil , Leon kessler . I be look for a actor . maybe a stage guy . you still do equity waiver theater ? phil sure . what 's he name ? leon Steven beavis . phil bark a laugh . phil beavis be not a actor ! he 's a part ! a character in a play ! Leon be stunne . expecting nothing , he 's draw a something , but what ? then : leon which play ? phil velasco 's impertinence in Hell . leon where 's it play ? phil not anywhere now . it close at the actor 's craft theater a couple of month back , I think ... deception by Richard Taylor 90 . resume leon as he slam the phone down in triumph . leon thank you , God ! thank you God for another smart ass ! in absolute glee Leon grab he coat and head for the door . ext . ericksen drive - way - day gentry 's porsche pull in beside a black - and -white . a uniform officer lean against he unit . gentry you guy get the call yet ? uniformed cop yeah . my partner 's inside tell the woman . gentry move for the house , pass another uniform cop on the way . int . ericksen house - day gentry enter . gentry addie ? no answer . gentry move for the stair . gentry addie ? adrienne's voice out here . gentry head for the slide door lead to the outside deck . ext . ericksen deck —- day addie lean against the rail and turn to face gentry as he approach . the short and sweater she 's wear contrast the .357 that rest on the rail beside she . adrienne Pete , what 's go on ? that policeman say they be leave . deception by Richard Taylor 91 . gentry it 's bureaucratic bullshit . the department will not allocate man for protective surveillance . I want you to go pack a bag and I be go to take you out of here . adrienne Pete , I already tell you -- gentry ( forcefully ) just do it . adrienne search he eye and find steel . she turn and enter the house . gentry follow . int . adrienne's bedroom - day adrienne get several small suitcase from the closet , open they on the bed . she begin pack as gentry watch from the doorway . after a moment she stop , straighten . gentry what ? adrienne Jesus , Pete ... I be so scared ... gentry cross the room and take she into he arm . ericksen 's dry blood stain the floor nearby . neither notice . ext . actor' craft theater - day a 99 - seat pill box on cahuenga boulevard West . Leon 's unmark unit pull up outside . he exit and move for the the marquee , which display the current production and cast . a arrow sign suggest he go around to the back . int . actor' craft theater - day Leon enter the lobby . 8x10 glossy adorn the wall . past production . past " star . " no one we would know . the place appear vacant . then hammer from beyond a curtain . leon hey ! anybody here ? voice from beyond the curtain . then a woman in she late 5as emerge through the veil . deception by Richard Taylor 92 . theater manager yeah , can I help you ? leon maybe . I be look for a actor . theater manager ( grin ) actor we get . be you a casting agent or a producer ? leon you have a production of impertinence in Hell a couple of month back . I need the name of the actor who play Steven beavis . theater manager oh , sure . Paul basque . he 's good . leon can I see a picture ? the theater manager pull a photo album from beneath the counter . theater manager ( thumbing ) sure . we keep all of the production still . and of course the actor leave a supply of they 8xl0s ... here it be . she spin the photo album around . Leon look . a half dozen actor in contemporary dress in front of a amateurish back - drop . young. good look . leon which one be he ? theater manager there . on the end . Paul basque . lean . Dark . otherwise a nonentity . leon good . I will need a photograph I can keep . theater manager sure . I will get you a 8x10 anda resume . just take a second . deception by Richard Taylor 93 . leon thanks . the moment she 's go , Leon again peruse the production still before leaf through the book . he stop at one photo . private live , the caption read . two couple . again , Paul basque . Leon 's vision trail across to the woman beside basque in the picture . he freeze . leon oh , shit . the woman be ... adrienne . or she dead ringer , marta ! Leon rip the photo free and rush out . ext . ericksen driveway - day gentry tie two suitcase to the rack on the rear of he porsche . adrienne slip into the passenger seat , gentry behind the wheel . ext . phone booth - day Leon on the phone . hear ring after ring . int . ericksen house - day the place be vacant . the phone ring incessantly . resume leon as he stab the disconnect bar , then dial another number . leon ( phone ) this be kessler . have gentry return ?... have he call in ?... okay , page he . when he call , give he this number . 555-7125 . tell he it 's a emergency . I be stand by . ext . / int . moving porsche - day gentry 's belt pager sound . he twist to turn it off . adrienne you want to stop and see what that 's about ? deception by Richard Taylor 94 . gentry it can wait . int . HOTEL room - day the door swing open and the bellboy enter with adrienne 's bag . gentry and adrienne follow . the bellboy place the bag on the bed stand , pull open the drape , present himself for a tip and exit once gentry hand he a bill . the moment he 's go : gentry okay , I want you to stay in this room . call room service for food . do not go outside . not for anything . understood ? adrienne 's eye sweep across she prison , then take in gentry . she nod assent . gentry do you have the gun ? adrienne open she bag , take out the .357 Magnum , return it . she toss the bag to the bed . adrienne be it ever go to be over ? gentry take she , hold she rigid . a long look , then he kiss she . gentry we will find she . you have just get to hang in there . adrienne ( small smile ) I be hang . gentry I will be back tonight . late . I will call first . gentry kiss she once more , and then he leave . adrienne lock the door and give the room a long , bored pan . at the window , adrienne see gentry exit the hotel and move for he car . the beat - up porsche thunder out of the parking lot . adrienne 's eye sweep the surroundings outside , stop on ... a cat be feed by one of the hotel worker . deception by Richard Taylor 95 . adrienne oh , shit ! buttermilk ! adrienne pick up the phone and tap the receiver . adrienne this be four -seventeen . I be go to need a cab ... ext . the coast highway - evening gentry 's porsche power up the hill to Santa monica and east toward the city . ext . ericksen house - night a taxi pull into the driveway and adrienne get out . she pay the cabbie and he drive away . interior ericksen house - night adrienne open the door to the dark house and enter , close the door behind she . she snap on a light in the kitchen which spill shadow into the live room . adrienne buttermilk ? buttermilk ?... adrienne search the live room for a moment before buttermilk stroll out from behind the couch and into she arm . adrienne there you be ! adrienne pet buttermilk a moment before a shadow from the kitchen light crawl across she . startle , adrienne spin ... to find Leon stand just inside the door . tense and fearful , adrienne almost whisper : adrienne detective kessler ! you startle I ! what be you do here ? leon Mrs. ericksen , I find out some very interesting thing about you today . adrienne ( hoarse ) oh ? like what ? deception by Richard Taylor 96 . Leon pull the fold production still from he pocket and hold it up for she to see . leon you thespian background , for one thing . adrienne I use to act , yes . leon you use to act with Paul basque . you remember he , do not you ? adrienne of course . leon Paul purchase the car you husband supposedly use the night he try to kill you . know what that suggest to I , Mrs. ericksen ? adrienne no . what 's that ? leon gotcha !... there aint no marta and there never be . leon you and Paul basque kill you husband for the insurance . he buy the car as a ruse . you have be lover since you perform together . ( a grin ) on the stage , I mean . adrienne you be mistaken , detective . Paul basque be a friend of my husband 's . he be the one who introduce we . Leon 's expression reveal that he neat package may be fall apart . a explosion , marta leap from the shadow where she 's be hide , and yell like a madwoman , plunge a knife deep into Leon 's chest as adrienne scream . deception by Richard Taylor 97 . Leon stagger back , already fall into the abyss of shock , as he stare at marta . gurgle , Leon drop to the carpet . adrienne 's scream continue ... int . squad room - night the place be almost desert as the last of the day crew wander out . gentry enter and move for he work area . he corral feldman , another detective . gentry any message ? feldman it 's all there in you basket . Leon be try to get in touch with you earlier , and there have be a couple of call from some woman . gentry find he pile of message and shuffles through they . one make he stop . adrienne another . two more . four in all . gentry check the time . last half hour or so . the phone ring . gentry almost leap for it . gentry homicide . sergeant gentry . intercut gentry's phone conversation with : int . ericksen house - night the place be pitch -black . adrienne 's sweaty , tension - draw face can be see by moonlight . adrienne ( phone ) Pete ? gentry addie , be you okay ? adrienne Pete ... marta !... gentry what ? what be it ? what about marta ? deception by Richard Taylor 98 . adrienne she 's here ! at the beach house , Pete ! she 's -- ! but marta grab the phone from adrienne . marta I be go to kill the bitch !... unless you do exactly as I say ! marta shove the phone back into adrienne 's face . adrienne be sobbing now . she 's almost insane with fear . marta tell he ! adrienne she want the money ! if you ... if you will come here and do not bring the police , she will trade I for the money tomorrow . she want you to go pick it up . marta ( shrill ) come here ! now ! and no cop ! tomorrow you get she and I get the money . that 's the deal ! resume gentry as he hear a click . the phone remain in he hand when the out -of-service tone come on . across the room , feldman be just now move for the door . gentry feldman ! feldman stop , surprised by gentry 's outburst . feldman what be it , Pete ? gentry wrestle with it a long moment before : gentry nothing . ' night . see you tomorrow . deception by Richard Taylor 99 . feldman ( curious ) sure. tomorrow ... be anything wrong ? gentry no. nothing . gentry surge past he and out . ext./ int . gentry's porsche - night gentry drive with passionate abandon . his steely eye be fix on the road ahead and farther , the beach house and what wait for he there . ext . a lonely stretch of beach - night the porsche screech to a stop at the edge of a dune , dust billow behind it . gentry leap free of the car , pop the front trunk , pull out a suitcase . removing he jacket , gentry pull shirt and slack from the case and toss they aside until he find a dark turtle - neck sweater and pull it on . from a crumpled sack on the passenger seat gentry take a can of black shoe polish and spread it across cheek and brow . a moment later he 's pull a knit cap over he hair and ear . he tape a knife to one calf . look like a commando now , gentry move for the beach . ext . beach side of ericksen house - night gentry pause near the surf . the house be completely dark . he make for it . near the deck - gentry pause and listen . the roar of the sea drown everything . creep closer , gentry see movement at the window , a brief , formless shape pass in the moonlight . gentry flatten onto the deck and rest , cheek - to- board , for a long moment . then , like a snake , he crawl toward the glass door . inch from the glass , gentry look inside . deception by Richard Taylor 100 . int . ericksen house - night a surreal scene : Leon sit in one chair . Leon 's corpse be out of gentry 's line - of-sight . adrienne sit absolutely still on the couch . she might be dead herself ... until she eye betray a look at the glass and the sea beyond . can she see gentry ? a form in near shadow . a gun in its hand . ext . ericksen house - night gentry bring he weapon up and wait for the shadow to become a target . it deny he . the shadow flit to another darkness , this nebula behind adrienne , whose body shield it . suppress a curse , gentry slowly return the gun to he belt and retreat from the glass . at the deck 's edge , gentry roll to the sand and make he way along the front of the house to the side walkway . at the side door , gentry drop to he knee and maneuver below the window - line past the entrance . gentry ascend the wall of the garage to the second floor , then up to the master bedroom window . a moment later , he 's inside . int . adrienne's bedroom - night gentry turn from the window and knock a lamp from its perch , catch it inch from the floor . a moment later he 's at the door . like the night of Douglas ericksen 's death , the door squeak as it be pull open . from below : marta' voice what be that ?! half through the doorway , gentry listen to : adrienne's voice what ? I do not hear anything . marta' voice a noise . from the stair . no choice now . he continue through . deception by Richard Taylor 101 . stair - gentry pull he service revolver and move with stealth to the top of the stair . adrienne's voice it 's nothing . it 's probably my cat , buttermilk . marta ( rough ) we be go to check it out anyway ! gentry assume a fire position with the revolver point downward into the well of darkness . he hear footstep ... and then the meow of a cat as it prance across the threshold of the stair below . adrienne , have just move into moonlight , pick up the cat . adrienne see ? I tell you . it be just buttermilk . marta come on . back over here . adrienne turn . her eye trail upward . she see gentry . they eye lock . she continue to pet the cat automatically before : adrienne it 's all right , buttermilk . it 's all right . holding the cat to she cheek , adrienne turn and do what marta have tell she to do . gentry descend the step . one at a time . slowly . each foot - fall measure to deny noise . the gun hold out and aim , prepare to fire . voice . marta 's . adrienne 's . word lose to the hiss of gentry 's breathe . sweat cascade from he brow , sweat and shoe polish drip to the carpet . still he move forward . live room - gentry reach the base of the stair . he see adrienne sit before the window still petting the cat . across from she another form , obscure by darkness . adrienne he 's not come . deception by Richard Taylor 102 . marta' voice the hell he 's not . adrienne this be not go to work . marta' voice you better hope it do . gentry move forward until he 's mere foot from the sit form obscure by darkness . then : gentry freeze ! do not move ! the silence be deafen . no motion at all . finally : gentry adrienne , turn on a light . adrienne stand , move to the end of the couch , reach over and switch the lamp on . gentry stare down the barrel of he cocked gun at ... Leon 's corpse . stun , he cannot move . adrienne he 's dead , Pete . a mindless reaction , gentry pivot to face marta who stand across the room , she weapon aim at adrienne . marta Drop it ! or I will kill she ! adrienne stand between they , a easy target . gentry lower he weapon , drop it . marta move forward , gesture gentry to move back , take the weapon he drop on the floor . the moment the gun be in marta 's possession , adrienne step forward and kiss marta lustily . adrienne pull back and grin at gentry , who stand mute . marta so tell I , darling ... what kind of fuck be he ? adrienne not bad , actually . not as good as you , but not bad at all . deception by Richard Taylor 103 . marta lot of enthusiasm , I imagine ... adrienne ( appraise gentry ) yes , that 's one way to put it . they see gentry 's dumb-struck look and laugh . adrienne you would better tell he , or he 's liable to have a heart attack . marta can not have that , can we ? too early . marta reach up and pull the wig off . " marta " become Paul basque before we eye . marta / paul so you see , we be not perverse killer , sergeant gentry , just the normal kind . heterosexual , that be . sit down . ( to adrienne ) bring I my clothes . adrienne ascend the stair to the bedroom as gentry sit beside Leon , who topple onto he . gentry catch the corpse of he friend and , as if realize that he 's dead for the first time , gently lower Leon to the floor . paul a casualty of poor plan , you friend . gentry 's look of anger and hatred surprise even Paul . paul do not get any idea . I enjoy kill . it 's more fun than anything except ... ( grin ) +. steal that extra bow . adrienne return with Paul 's clothes . he give she gentry 's gun . she train it on gentry . paul do not kill he unless you have to . Paul remove the blouse and padded bra . deception by Richard Taylor 104 . paul sergeant gentry , we be go to make a little deal . the honest truth be , we bungle the job . we think we would plan a air-tight murder , but as you well know , it start to unravel almost immediately . the skirt drop to the floor , revealing pantihose and beneath they , jockey short . he kick off the heel , sit to remove the pantihose . nake but shirt . paul now it do not matter if we kill you or not ; you successor will come to the same conclusion you would have come to , which be that adrienne and a accomplice kill she husband for he money . so ... we have to get rid of adrienne ericksen , too . gentry what make you think you be get any better at this ? for the jockey short , Paul pull on jeans and a t- paul this be the " you can not get away with it " speech . save it . if we get catch now , we both fry and we know it ... there be a number of witness who see a woman match " marta 's " description accompany adrienne ericksen this afternoon as she withdraw two million dollar in insurance money from she account . tomorrow or the next day someone 's go to find detective kessler 's body there . gentry or maybe they will find mine . Paul stop for only a moment before use a garment to wipe make - up from he face . he grin . deception by Richard Taylor 105 . paul or maybe they will find yours , out in the desert where you chase marta and she prisoner and she kill you in a fire-fight . dress now , Paul gather up he " marta " clothes and tie they together with a belt . paul they will also find lot of blood in adrienne 's car . adrienne 's blood . she 's already donate it . it 's in the fridge ... they will assume the worst . adrienne 's dead . officer gentry and kessler dead . and marta a very wealthy psychopath . gentry it will not hold up . somebody ' 11 break it wide . paul do not matter . they will look for a woman . as you can see , something I be not . dress now , Paul return and gesture for adrienne to give he she weapon . the moment she do gentry dive for the endtable lamp . Paul fire , hit gentry as he fly across the couch and behind , the light die behind he . paul out of the way ! Paul push adrienne toward the glass door and fire three time , each round provide a flash of illumination . gentry , behind the couch , yank the knife free from where he tape it to he calf and crawl away from the flash . paul turn on the light ! turn on the light ! Paul almost topple over a table before he reach the wall where the light switch be locate . the light flash on ... to disclose gentry stand across the room , wait . the moment Paul turn gentry 's knife thud into he chest and he drop already dead to the floor . gentry and adrienne stand across the room from one another , gentry defenseless , adrienne still armed with a handgun . deception by Richard Taylor 106 . he hobble toward she , the red stain on the leave side of he ribcage widen as he move . adrienne bring the pistol up . gentry continue . she cock the weapon . gentry get closer . her finger tense . closer . finger squeezing . closer . she lower the gun . adrienne I never want to hurt you , Pete . I love you . Paul make I do it . he be crazy . I be afraid of he . afraid that if I do not -- he take the gun from she . adrienne I have the money . we can figure something out , can not we ? something to explain all this ? because I love you , Pete . we can be rich and we can be together . gentry be in tremendous pain . blood seep out of he . he blink to retain consciousness . and there 's more . after everything she 's do , there remain in gentry feel for adrienne . adrienne look up into he eye . her beauty be exquisite . adrienne we can think of something to say ... gentry you have the right to remain silent . anything you say can and will be use against you in court ... gentry stagger back to the phone , get a dial tone , tap in three number . as he dial : gentry you have the right to a attorney . if you can not afford a attorney , one will be provide for you . ( phone ) this be sergeant gentry , lapd ... fade out : the end