deep sky by Matt Johnson fade in : outer space we be look at earth from 50,000 mile out . a enormous blue and white ball pulsing in black space . it 's the classic image . we have see it a million time . but then something new catch we eye ... White shape above the planet . hundred of they , like a armada of miniature star circle the globe . they be space station . all shape and size . under all stage of construction . smaller craft dart among they like errant firefly . off screen voice ( filter ) thirty second . a head - up display ( hud ) frame we vision , a see-through instrument panel give we indicator for thing like : pitch , yaw , thrust ... then we look down . at we boot ... we be stand on the titanium skeleton of a -- space station under construction a gigantic erector set of beam and girder stretch hundred of storey beneath we . it give '' vertigo '' a new meaning . val dalton be the man wear the boot , stand on the giant alloy frame . his black form - fitte pressure suit with integrate life support and propulsion system make he as much spaceship as spaceman . through the visor of he helmet , the helmet we be look out of before , we can see he face , illumine by the glow hud . he look down . he focus on something - - a object , far below , move steadily up the side of the station . a flicker green light move with it . off screen voice ( cont 'd ) ( filter ) Fifteen second . ( continued ) Val glance at he partner ... jarrett reed tethere to Val , jarrett aim something the size of a small flashlight , a light tool , at the approach object . Val pull a grapple gun from he utility harness . off screen voice ( cont 'd ) ( filter ) ten second . the object 's get closer . it 's a drone lift - the mid-23rd century 's version of a construction elevator - towing a large antenna dish . the lift be connect to the station only by flicker pattern of GREEN laser light that guide it upward . off screen voice ( cont 'd ) ( filter ) five . jarrett 's light tool fire . he swipe it across he glove -- and he entire suit glow GREEN . he turn and pass the tool across Val 's glove . Val 's suit light up to match . both man stand ready , glow green to match the approach laser light show , dwarf by the enormous structure reach above and below they , a big bad moon rise behind he . they be the coolest two astronaut you have ever see . off screen voice ( cont 'd ) ( filter ) Three , two , one ... the lift arrive . Val fire he gun . the grapple fuse to the antenna dish and Val and jarrett be yanked off the station and onto the move lift , they suit conduct the laser light , allow they to pass through the beam without break they . Val hold onto the grapple tether with one hand , dangle in space off the back of the lift . val we be on . off screen voice ( filter ) you get two minute . ( continued ) Val pull they onto the dish . they each clip themselves to it as the massive station move past they at a tremendous rate . jarrett unscrew a panel from the face of the dish . val insert a laser cut wand into the open . flashes of blue light discharge deep in the innard of the antenna . val 's Pov : his glove hand work smoothly to detach he prize - a component inlaid with big yellow crystal . off screen voice ( cont ’d ) ( filter ) get a move on , guy . jarrett look at the small porthole on a complete section of space station await the arrival of the lift and its cargo . the porthole be rapidly get closer . jarrett check on Val . val 's Pov : the component be almost detach when suddenly Val 's hud ... short out . his suit goe dark and the green laser beam break across he body . Val look at jarrett , see he mouth open in a silent yell . then Val 's hud flick back on . a red warning light flash . sound now match jarrett 's move mouth ... jarrett -- stumper ! abort ! abort ! jarrett unclip from the dish , drift out wait for Val ... off screen voice ( filter ) get outta there ! I get reading all over the place ! Val look down to see -- a Mass of what look like SMALL metallic bird --swarming up from below , seemingly from out of nowhere . this be stumper - mean , nasty , robotic '' guard dog . '' Val yank a standard crescent wrench from he harness and monkey it into the dish . jarrett Val ! forget it ! leave it ! ( continued ) Val work the wrench , reach in with he other hand ... off screen voice ( filter ) get out , get out ! they be all over you ! ! ... and pull out the component . Val unclip and throw jarrett a quick '' thumb up . '' there be a bright flash from jarrett 's thruster pack and he take off , straight out from the space station . Val be jerked along on the tether . both man rocket away into space . Val look back ... as the space station rapidly recede , the robotic stumper buz the lift , just miss they prey . off screen voice ( cont 'd ) ( filter ) we get visual . you be clear the thruster cut out . jarrett pull a release and the empty pack spiral away into space just as a small spacecraft maneuver into position above they . it 's a nondescript , beat - up , utilitarian '' hauler '' -- the Ford econoline Van of the inner solar system . Val unhook the tether between jarrett and himself -- then fire he boot thruster . propellant push he forward . jarrett open the airlock , kellogg . Val stream headfirst towards the hauler as the outer airlock door open . he pull he leg to he chest and coast into -- the hauler airlock Val grab a handhold and jerk to a stop . he glare through a thick window at kellogg , spindly , iggy Pop-look , stand on the other side . his be the filter voice we have be hearing 0.s. now it sound defensive . kellogg ( filter ) you watch I run the suit before we take off , Val . it check out . Val glare at kellogg as jarrett enter the air lock . the outer door close . there be a loud hissing as repressurize commence . int . hauler corridor - moment later Val walk after a hastily retreate kellogg . kellogg I do not know what happen . i’11 tear it down soon as we get home . Val pull off he helmet , give we a clear look at he face - young , handsome , contain ... but mad . val how about right now . outside . take you time . Rest of we 'il go on home , send someone back for you tomorrow . jarrett walk up -- he 's ten year Val 's senior , cowboy - jaw , steely - eye . calmer , wiser . settle be more like it kellogg you know , jarrett , Val ought to show he tech man a little respect . jarrett hold up the steal dish component . jarrett he just make we one point two . sound respectful to I . Val grin and light a cigarette . kellogg shake he head , disgruntled , turn and head towards the bridge . Val start after he , but jarrett lay a firm hand on he shoulder . jarrett ( cont 'd ) next time I call abort and you feel like stick around , I be leave without you . Val grin through he cigarette . val promise ? int . hauler bridge Val strap into he seat , cigarette dangle from he mouth . jarrett take a seat across from he as kellogg buckle in shotgun . ander , the young pilot , take the wheel . ander . trajectory 's lock . translunar injection burn in ten tick . put that cigarette out , Val . ( continued ) Val take a big drag on he cigarette and hold the smoke in he lung as he grind the butt into the wall behind he . ander ( cont ’d ) five , four , three , two , one , burn . ext . the hauler the rocket port on the back of the ship flare . the hauler move out . hauler bridge as the G 's press he into he seat , Val exhales the cigarette smoke in a long , steady stream . jarrett shake he head , try not to smile . Val grin . no hard feeling between this two . ext . the hauler the ship cut a fast course for the moon . CUT to : ext . lunar construction complex ( lcc ) - the moon a industrial complex sprawling three chicago big across the lunar surface . truck convoy stretch from the complex to the horizon ; a freeway 's worth of spaceship traffic constantly fly in and out . it 's always rush hour on the moon . ander ( 0.s. ) hey , the kid 's back . kellogg ( 0.s. ) mullin , my man . int . bar - lcc Dark booth and hazy light . dartboard . worker come here when they shift be over . Val , jarrett , kellogg , ander sit at a booth in the back , drink and smoking . mullins , baby of the bunch , mop head of tousle hair , cocky smile , exchange hand shake and back slap as slide into the booth . val how be Mars ? mullin shrug like it be not much . ( continued ) mullins climb the ice cliff below mount Olympus . get laid . twice . kellogg that 's twice more than jarrett in as many year . mullin crack a shit-eate grin . Val offer he a smoke . val you ready to go back to work ? mullin take the cigarette , get serious . mullins what 's up ? Val lean in , lower he voice . val dry dock gig . v- class shuttle . jarrett on the sly . cool and by the number . val mess with they head , pick they pocket . chop shop 's dark side . kellogg you really expect ander to land a V - class on the dark side ? ander . I have tell you how many time I have fly over darkness if I think you could count that high . kellogg laugh at the ball - break . Val look at mullin . val want the job ? mullins ( grin ) get nothing else plan . Val lift he glass in salute . val here 's to crime that pay . ( continued ) they all drink up . int . surface tram - lcc the moon 's commuter train . pack with worker and white collar in a collective day 's - end trance . Val stand a bit drunk among the other as the tram speed along . he stare up through a skylight , dream alone . he Pov : million of star shine sharp and bright in the dark lunar sky . CUT to : black screen jarrett 's voice over the black . jarrett ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) Val . wake up . int . val 's apartment - lcc view of the fra mauro highland out the window . picture of sailboat on the wall , a sextant on a shelf . a empty pressure suit hang on the door like a ghost . jarrett ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) answer I , Val . Val bolt upright in bed at the sound of jarrett 's voice . touches a sensor that produce a small holographic jarrett . val yeah . jarrett South agridome in twenty minute . entrance nine . val what 's goin 's on ? jarrett tycho brae want to meet . ( continued ) val ( surprised ) both of we ? jarrett that 's what he say . twenty minute . jarrett 's holograph disappear . Val get up . ext . agridome - lcc two thousand acre of farmland under a translucent dome . int . agridome - lcc Val and jarrett stand in the middle of a enormous field of crop grow in synthetic soil . a solitary , artificial rain cloud move low over the field , water it a row at a time . two man approach from across the field . the taller one be tycho brae , interplanetary boss . Close to jarrett 's age , but more refine and sophisticated . a man in complete control of everything and everyone around he . tycho brae jarrett . Val . brae motion to the other man -- nigel , slightly young , a look of pronounce indifference on he face . tycho brae ( cont 'd ) Val , this be Nigel . Nigel take care of business for I when I be unable to ... much the same as jarrett use to do before we situation change -- jarrett what do you want , brae ? brae pause , like he 's refraining from lobbing a insult . tycho brae I want to offer you a job . jarrett you know the deal . we get five hundred to put the suit on , extra five if it 's dry - dock work -- tycho brae this job pay twenty . million . ( continued ) 10 . jarrett 's stunne . Val do not miss a beat . val what be it ? brae direct he attention to Val . tycho brae freighter payload . val class ? tycho brae Light speed . this stop Val for a beat . jarrett squint . jarrett be it in dry dock ? tycho brae no. jarrett it 's in a surface hangar ? tycho brae huh-uh . jarrett look stump but Val get it right away . val ( cool ) you want we to hit it in - flight . brae gleam . tycho brae yes . jarrett you be kid ... tycho brae off Mars Coast , while it 's in - bound , at sub - light velocity , of course . val no he 's not ... ( continued ) 11 . tycho brae Fifteen million credit , plus another five in mining option if you deliver the payload completely intact . jarrett what 's the payload ? a beat . then a smug grin wind across brae 's face . val the ship 's the payload , be not it ? brae nod at Val , impressed . brae this be one sharp apprentice you have get , jarrett . jarrett you be out of you mind . tycho brae I know . I can not help it . the whole idea make I crazy . jarrett hijack a Light speed freighter ?! tycho brae hijack and steal . jarrett that 's never be do . tycho brae the entire history of mankind be one continuous refutation of that statement . you should know better ... at you age . jarrett do not react . tycho brae ( cont 'd ) forgive I for the ass-kiss , but you be the best crew for the job . the launch window open in sixty day , the offer 's good for forty ... but I have prefer not to cut it so close . jarrett you already have we answer . ( continued ) brae shake he head . tycho brae come on , jarrett . take a smoke break . life 's too short . jarrett get a lot short if you drop the ball in zero-g . brae smile at jarrett . tycho brae always love how you dare to dream ... ( glance at Val ) forty day , twenty million . Roll that number around and call I . brae turn and leave . Nigel follow . int . surface tram - lcc Val and jarrett have the tram to themselves . val we should do this . jarrett last time I do a big job with brae I spend the next three year of my life in the Arctic prison . val that be ten year ago ... you have pull job for he since . jarrett five hundred grand be a job ; fifteen million be a whole different thing . val twenty . jarrett we be not do this , Val . val but we could do this . 12 . jarrett look at Val , dead serious , cut he off . ( continued ) 13 . jarrett thing be good for we right now . we have it down . I be not pissing it away on some rodeo ride for brae . the tram stop . jarrett ( cont 'd ) it 's cold in the Arctic prison . jarrett step off . the tram start . Val watch he disappear as the tram speed away . int . cestus club - lcc dim lighting . hint of movement , something open and sexual go on in the shadow . Val enter and head for the bar . a bald man with a head full of tat , face pierce like a pin-cushion , and a boa constrictor drape over one shoulder put a drink in front of he . one or two other creepy character nod to val . it 's obvious he 's a regular . Val light a cigarette , take a swig of he drink adrienne , 20 , beautiful , cold as metal , lip like black rise petal , take a seat next to he . she run a hand through he hair , give he a kiss . adrienne ready , baby ? Val downs he drink . they both get up . int . adrienne 's room - cestus club Val lie back on a large , round cushion , drift in the sleepy early stage of a blissful intoxication . val last job take we close , close I have be in a while . adrienne come over to he , lean down ... adrienne look up . ( continued ) 14 . ... and squeeze a dropper into one of he eye . she flood he eyeball with a clear liquid , then do the same to the other . Val blink . adrienne move away . val the whole thing be right beneath I . I could pick out the indian Ocean . I could taste the spray . tasted like my childhood ... adrienne reappear and hand Val a small vial of neon blue liquid . he dab it onto he tongue and hand it back val ( cont ’d ) I be go back someday , adrienne . adrienne you be go back right now . val for real . the light go down . Val look around . it 's a look of peace . val ( cont ’d ) I be go to sail the ocean . we hear the sound of the ocean . val 's Pov : the boundary of the room have give way to tropical skie and swell ocean wave , as if Val be riding on a boat through high seas . adrienne reappear . she be naked , skin shine through a thin sheen of body oil . she walk to Val over the '' water , '' lay down next to he , start to undress he . close on val 's face as he enjoy he hallucination . val ( cont 'd ) I be gonna sail the Earth . as adrienne slowly climb on top of he , the room look black and empty as before . only Val can see the ocean . CUT to : magnified Pov : earth - the South Pacific Ocean to be precise . 15 . int . observatory - lcc people , mostly parent and child , sit around the room in comfortable viewing station , look at they select telescopic image on thin computer monitor . Val sit alone , stare at he ocean , when a hand touch he arm . he look up to see Nigel stand above he . val what do you want ? nigel to talk . val go ahead . nigel not I . Val suddenly swoon under a wave of nausea . val 's Pov : Nigel become fuzzy , almost glaze over . he hold up he hand to reveal a small patch on he finger . he have drugge Val . nigel ( cont 'd ) let 's take a ride . Val fall into a immediate physical torpor . he 's powerless to resist . he talk like someone shot full of novocaine . val you son-of -a-bitch . CUT to : val 's Pov : a blur of light ... Nigel 's face look down at we out of the blur . a sign read ' tranquility base museum --blue line 's whizze past Nigel 's shoulder . we be on the tram . black out : a long moment pass in the blackness . then a voice ... tycho brae ( 0.s . ) bring he up . ( continued ) 16 . val 's Pov : a soft spot of light ... sharpen to clarity . Nigel and tycho brae look at we . tycho brae ( cont 'd ) sorry about this , Val . but I just can not be see in certain public place on short notice . pending legal issue ... int . tranquility base museum - lcc the site of man 's first moon landing have be make into a museum . it 's all there : the lm , a stiff aluminum american flag , Neil and buzz 's footprint scattered in the dust . one giant leap preserve under a glass dome . Val sit in a front row seat , waking up out of the drug . brae and Nigel stand in front of he . Val get he bearing , stand up and punch Nigel in the face . Nigel barely flinch . grab he nose and stare blankly at Val as blood run over he finger . tycho brae go wipe yourself . Nigel leave . brae offer Val a cigarette . tycho brae ( cont 'd ) smoke ? Val ignore he . val you monkey say you want to talk brae put the cigarettes away . tycho brae you have be work with jarrett for a while now , have not you ? val since right after he finish do time for you . brae laugh . tycho brae be that how he tell it ? what , that I leave he hang in the wind ? that I even set he up , maybe ? ( continued ) 17 . val something like that . tycho brae but never that he just choke on the first real opportunity that come he way ? Val do not respond . tycho brae ( cont 'd ) tell I something , Val . how many real opportunity have jarrett hand you ? Val bite he tongue . val he save my life . tycho brae that 's a start . val taught I everything I know . tycho brae and I , he . Val do not continue . brae let the silence hang . tycho brae ( cont 'd ) you could take the freighter , could not you ? val I do not work alone -- brae interrupt , push the question . tycho brae but one could take the Light speed freighter ? I mean , you do agree with I that it could be do ? Val 's quiet for a second . then ... val with the right crew , anything 's possible . brae nod he head . ( continued ) 18 . tycho brae that 's what I like about you , Val . you be a man of vision . just like I . you see in ... possibility . Val stare hard at brae . val quitting jarrett to work for you be not one of they . jarrett 's family . I do not walk away from that . brae ponder Val for a second , then speak softly . tycho brae we entire universe be expand as we speak . a continuous , never-end explosion . you and I be piece of star , Val . infinity be now . he pause one last time , then smile . tycho brae ( cont 'd ) only a fool try to go again it . int . val 's apartment Val sit still , lose in think , stare out the window . val 's Pov : the earth hang high above the lunar landscape , half a blue marble in the deep black sky . int . tram platform mullin step off the tram and walk with the other passenger towards the station exit . ahead , however , there 's a bottleneck . mullin and the other slow down . something 's go on ... two cop , dress in kevlar suit , they face hide behind mirrore riot shield , be escort a manacle prisoner ... it 's ander , the pilot ... busted ! a plainclothes detective trail behind . as they make they way through the onlooker ... mullin and ander lock eye for a instant . ander , pale as a dead man , look scared . ( continued ) 19 . he 's whisk across the platform into a special tram car . the cop pile in behind he and the car disappear down the tube with a whoosh . mullin double - time it out of the station . int . jarrett 's place - lcc the perennial bachelor 's pad . a digital projection of a fran hal 16th century dutch military portrait float on the wall . Val , jarrett and mullin be present . the mood be grave . a tone sound in the room . jarrett yeah ? kellogg 's face appear in the middle of the portrait . kellogg ( filter ; on monitor ) it 's I . kellogg 's face disappear from the portrait . the door slide open and he enter the room . kellogg ( cont 'd ) no good . they take he off- moon two hour ago . be at least a week before he arraignment . Val turn to jarrett . val then we decide right now . silence . kellogg where be we gonna get another pilot this quick ? jarrett gifford can hook we up . it ’1ll cost we -- mullins we will take it off the pilot 's end . everyone look at jarrett kellogg I need this job , man . ( continued ) 20 . jarrett remain stone - face through a long , heavy silence . then he turn to Val . jarrett call gifford and set it up . jarrett look at the other . jarrett ( cont 'd ) I need this job , too . int . pressurization plant a steam - fill labyrinth of duct and pipe . a loud hissing over everything . Val and jarrett stand together , wait . a figure emerge from the steam . a man in a black coat . as he get closer , we see that he chin and lip be one big recent scar , like someone try to pry open he mouth with a shovel . this be gifford , interstellar scum-bag . gifford Nice to see you boy slumming again . val ( refer to the scar ) do not have to get all prettied up just for we . gifford goddamn stumper try to give I a rhinoplasty . fuckin 's thing be swarm my nightmare -- jarrett where 's we pilot ? gifford 's miff at jarrett for interrupt . gifford make sure you be not cop . he wave to someone behind he and smile . gifford ( cont ’d ) you guy be gonna like lester . another figure emerge from the steam . this one be a woman . ( continued ) 21 . lester riley . tall , young and beautiful . strong and lithe . deep , pierce eye . sex snare in body armor . gifford ( cont ’d ) lester , meet the boy . the man be surprised . they obviously be not expect a woman , much less a gorgeous one . val ( to gifford ) '' lester ? '' lester nail Val with a hard stare . lester what 's wrong ? never see a pilot wear pants you want into ? Val 's catch out by the attitude ... but like it . val think I be just expect someone ... short . lester I hear you Earth -system guy be small time , but I think that be about ball , not brain . gifford snort a snot-drenched laugh . val nothing small here , sister . we be run a big toy to the dark side . lester if it 's get a stick , I can handle it . Val laugh . val let I guess , not a cockpit you can not fit ? lester something like that . val well , if you fly as good as you talk we might have to take you on . she walk right up to he , look he straight in the eye . ( continued ) 22 . lester be you jarrett ? Val grin , cocky , hold out he hand . val I be Val . she do not take it . lester then I be waste my time . Val frown at the put-down . jarrett step forward . jarrett I be jarrett . lester turn to he , extend she hand . lester lester riley . I think this be a do deal . jarrett Word be you last work outer system , pull a big job off triton Coast with the Gates brother . lester I fly for billy for six month . jarrett why have you leave ? lester it be a ... language thing . jarrett what 's that ? lester well , see , billy speak English fine , but he do not understand it too well . I use the word '' no '' several time one night and maybe it 's just I , or maybe it 's all that reefer billy smoke , but I have to stab he through the hand so he could hear better . that dissolve we partnership . jarrett nod , grin . ( continued ) 23 . jarrett Language thing . val poor billy . lester interview over ? jarrett still want the job ? lester Long as you understand that while we be in - flight and I be at the stick my word go until engine shutdown . I call the shot while we be pull G 's . end of discussion . Val burn . but jarrett do not flinch . jarrett no problem there . Long as you understand that if you so much as fantasize about call shot after engine shutdown , I will put a bullet through you skull without feel bad . Far as discussion 's concerned I 'il go ahead and shoot you now if you object . lester give jarrett a million dollar grin . lester you get yourself a wheel man . jarrett smile back . he can not take he eye off of she . Val notice and do not like it . val then how about we cut short this love - in and go steal ourselves a spaceship . ext . dry dock station - 700 mile above the moon a repair garage float in space . Long cylindrical tube connect two enormous docking ring rotate like giant ferris wheel at each end . stuck to the ring be a variety of spacecraft . 24 . int . dry dock station - airlock the SOUND of rush air . then a buzzer . Inner door open and the next shift of mechanic and engineer pour from the airlock . among they ... mullins and kellogg , dress as maintenance man . mullin carry a case . they exit and head to the right . then , val , jarrett and lester , also dress maintenance , exit carry large duffle bag . they head leave . int . dry dock corridor Val , jarrett and lester blend in with the heavy foot traffic . they walk fast , without a word . another corridor break off to the right . Val take it alone . int . a door somewhere mullin stand watch . kellogg , wear dark glass , punch button on a keypad next to the door . closer on kellogg 's glass , as a series of tiny number scroll across the inside of he lense . it 's a micro-hud , feed he the entry code . a light flash on the keypad . mullin clamp a pair of dark glass over he face and nod at kellogg . they OPEN the door and step quickly inside -- int . auxiliary control room the door shut . a surprised technician swivel around in he seat and start to get up . technician hey , what ?-- mullin swing he case into the technician 's head . he go out cold and kellogg take he seat at the console . mullin tear open he case and pull out a polymer machine gun . int . cargo BAY ship container stack to the ceiling . ( continued ) 25 . Val hunch beneath they and unzip he duffel bag . Inside be he pressure suit . int . equipment locker jarrett and lester open up they duffel . jarrett pull out he pressure suit , then stop , watch lester stripping out of she maintenance suit to she underwear , all - business . she look right at he as she peel off she clothes . jarrett follow suit . int . auxiliary control room the technician lie unconscious on the floor , wrist and ankle cuffed . kellogg and mullin wear com headsets . kellogg ( into headset ) everybody on ? int . cargo BAY Val , fully pressurize in he suit , speak . val one . int . equipment room jarrett respond as lester stand by . jarrett two and three . int . auxiliary control room kellogg watch code roll over a monitor in front of he . one line stop move and start blink . kellogg okay . get it . serial number vv , S , nine , seven . Port docking ring , slip twelve . that 's ours . int . equipment room jarrett , again . jarrett fuel status ? 26 . int . cargo BAY Val listen . kellogg ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) hypergolics , seventy - five percent . battery , twenty . cryogenic , zero . int . equipment room lester nod to jarrett . jarrett bring the house down . int . cargo BAY Val tense up . he grab the rung of a ladder bolt into the wall behind he and look ahead at the cargo bay door . kellogg ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) you set one ? close on val 's face as he breathes in deep . val fuckin 's golden . int . auxiliary control room kellogg dangle he finger over a button ... kellogg and out of order come ... chaos . ... then press it . a light begin to flash on the monitor he touch another and a short alarm sound once . int . cargo BAY the cargo bay door blast OPEN . container be sucked out in a rush of escape atmosphere . Val cling to the ladder , he leg extend straight out . he watch the last container spiral out of the hold , then he lets go and tumble the length of the room -- out into space ( continued ) 27 . -- where he glide behind the eject container for just a second , before he fire he boot thruster and zip down the length of the space station . int . MAIN control room a thousand alarm go off . a startle controller spill he coffee as he check he console . controller I be show pressure failure in number two cargo bay ! his supervisor spring into action . supervisor get I visual ! the entire bank of monitor goe dead . int . auxiliary control room kellogg wreak havoc with he keyboard . kellogg blindfold 's on , now we spin ‘em ... int . MAIN control room Red light start to flash . more alarm scream . controller Fire ! starboard docking tunnel ! a- section ! supervisor seal and flash it ! sound the alarm ! a armed guard bolt from the room . int . various corridor - sequence emergency alarm wail . worker scramble for safety . firemen and guard rally . bulkhead door seal . int . '' a- section '' corridor - sequence a dense , burst of dry chemicals engulf the corridor , extinguish a non-existent fire . int . auxiliary control room kellogg monitor the chaos . ( continued ) 28 . kellogg you there yet , one ? ext . dry dock station Val coast over the port docking ring . a v-class passenger shuttle be park up ahead in slip 12 . its silver fuselage glint like a bullet in the sun . Val land firmly beneath the cockpit window . val on the property . he make he way '' spidey -like '' on hand and foot across the surface of the shuttle to the hatch where he kneel '' upside down '' and use a tool to jimmy the handle . the rotation of the docking ring bring a small earth swinging momentarily into view behind he . Val open the hatch and slide into -- int . shuttle it 's dark in here . a light on Val 's helmet come on . he push off and float to a small console . val I be inside . give I the number . int . auxiliary control room kellogg take a cue from he monitor . kellogg Three , seven , five ... int . shuttle - cockpit Val key the sequence into the console . kellogg ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) ... nine , zero , six . the cockpit start to blink awake . val she 's alive . 29 . int . equipment room jarrett and lester be ready to go . jarrett two and three come in . lester open the door slightly , but close it quickly as a phalanx of guard hurry past . when the coast clear , lester and jarrett step out into -- int . empty corridor emergency light flash , alarm still sounding . jarrett walk straight across to a door mark : construction access lock : authorize personnel only . jarrett open it . the inner door slide OPEN . jarrett and lester step inside -- int . airlock the inner door close . jarrett hook a tether to lester . they look at each other for a moment , then tuck they head . jarrett blow it . the outer door open . jarrett and lester be swept into space . ext . port docking ring jarrett and lester come out of they tumble in the middle of the port docking ring . jarrett fire he thruster and tow lester to the shuttle . int . shuttle jarrett and lester climb in . jarrett we be in . Val pull the hatch shut . he lock it . lester strap herself into the pilot 's seat . she check the control . ( continued ) 30 . lester guidance be up . tracker 's disabled . engine be prime . we be ready to disconnect . Val and jarrett strap in behind she . Val glance at jarrett . val you bring that bullet ? lester shoot he a look . he smile at she . int . auxiliary control room kellogg feed more command into the console . kellogg disconnect ...now . ext . shuttle hose and pipe blast from the fuselage and the shuttle begin to drift gently out of the slip . int . shuttle Val watch lester . lester stand by for my favorite part ... lester reach up and grab two handle . lester ( cont 'd ) full thrust . she pull the handle . ext . shuttle the engine port at the back silently explode . the shuttle rocket away . int . shuttle lester , Val and jarrett smash against they seat back . int . dry dock station - corridor kellogg and mullin , minus he gun and case , exit the aux . control room . kellogg touch the keypad and nod to mullin . they pull off they glass and walk away from each other . 31 . int . MAIN control room the monitor come back on . the controller look stunne . controller what the hell --? boss ( eyeing he monitor ) Fire 's out . pressure restore -- controller ( check all he system ) hold on here ... we be miss a ship . we be miss a whole goddamn ship ! ext . space the massive station become a shiny dot in the shuttle 's wake . it 's a clean getaway . int . shuttle lester watch a clock countdown the burn time . she shove the handle back into place . lester thrust out . jarrett Nice job . val we be not on the ground yet . lester punch out anytime , mister -- ext . shuttle - cockpit the ship rifle towards the moon . int . shuttle the moon swell outside the cockpit window . on the horizon , the line of debarkation from light to dark side of the moon approach fast . a head -up computer image of the mountainous lunar landscape come up on the cockpit window . it show the rag moon rush beneath they at a fantastic rate . ( continued ) 32 . Val look ahead , anxious . lester welcome to the dark side of the moon . ext . shuttle the shuttle disappear into the inky night of the dark side . int . shuttle lester watch the head - up imaging on the cockpit window . Beyond that ... only the deep black . lester firing descent engine . ext . shuttle flame leap from the descent engine nozzle . int . shuttle lester concentrate on the head - up image . Val do he best to annoy she . val seatback and tray table to they upright position , please . it 's a balmy 200 degree on the moon . we hope you have enjoy you flight -- suddenly a alarm sound and the head - up imaging disappear . lester eye be go . she try a series of switch . lester ( cont 'd ) backup 's not respond ! val must be a fail - safe . jarrett the chop shop 'il shoot we down if we can not light up at they beacon . lester I be go manual . ( continued ) 33. lester release the steering console . it pivot up in front of she and she grab the stick . jarrett call it off ! pull out ! val no ! jarrett look at Val like he can not believe what he just hear . val ( cont 'd ) we can make it . lester somebody call out the vector ! Val swivel he seat away from jarrett to the nav console . val altitude twenty , velocity ninety - seven hundred -- ext . shuttle the spacecraft hurtle down through the darkness . jet of FIRE spit from the descent engine . int . shuttle Val , again . val ten down , one - thousand forward ... jarrett we can still ditch it . lester not unless I say so . ext . shuttle the descent engine burn hotter as the shuttle plunge towards shadow of a jagged landscape . int . shuttle lester , Val , jarrett strain to see through the blackness . val I get visual . Fifteen degree . ( continued ) 34 . Val and jarrett glance forward . like a single bulb in a ocean of black -- a tiny red light appear below and ahead . val ( cont 'd ) hit the light . a swath of light shoot out from the shuttle , barely pierce the blackness to reveal -- a mountainous crater rim about to kiss the window . lester hang on ! lester swing the stick ext . shuttle a blast of thrust and the shuttle veer leave , miss the mountain top by inch . int . shuttle Val and jarrett brace themselves as the shuttle heave . jarrett lester -- lester let I fly this bitch , goddamnit ! ext . shuttle the ship swerve , crack through loose rock on a hilltop ... weaving through a rugge canyon as it descend towards the red light at the bottom of a giant crater . int . shuttle Val and jarrett hang on as lester roll the shuttle sideways . ext . shuttle it sneak through a narrow passage into the crater . int . shuttle lester bring the ship level and smooth . ( continued ) 35 . lester plenty of room . ext . shuttle the ship slow even more . a series of thin light erupt from the red beacon on the surface below and paint a crosshair over a landing site . int . shuttle a '' fuel warning '' flash . jarrett you be on fume . lester ignore it . lester do not even need ‘em ... contact . ext . crater bottom the shuttle touch down . the red beacon go off . int . shuttle lester kill switch . lester shutdown . throw off she belt , turn in she seat to face jarrett . lester ( cont 'd ) wanna shoot I , boss ? she look piss as hell . but jarrett just stare back at she , poker - face , until he crack a big smile . jarrett yeah , I think I do . lester grin . so do val . ext . crater bottom the lunar surface behind the shuttle open up , revealing a ramp lead down . Three large lunar truck roll up , hook to the shuttle and start to tow it underground . 36 . int . '' chop shop '' hangar - beneath the moon two dozen men with heavy tool descend upon the shuttle . some rappel down from the ceiling , other move in on the ground . they be stripping part from the spacecraft as Val , jarrett and lester emerge from the hatch , tired . vincent , a overweight man in dirty coverall , approach . vincent all I get be scotch . int . vincent 's office - chop shop a dog-eare sofa , some fold chair and a steel desk . Val , jarrett , lester and Vincent drink johnnie Walker Black and smoke cigarettes . thick window look out on the rapidly disintegrate shuttle . Vincent scrutinize lester . vincent triton , huh ? lester yeah . triton . val it 's a moon , Vincent . orbit Neptune . vincent I hear something about a new prison out there , on triton . lester look he straight in the eye . lester I try to stay away from prison . Vincent sit back in he chair vincent I do not travel deep sky much , myself . ( sip he scotch ) too easy to get lose . jarrett get a feel lester know she way around . ( continued ) 37 . lester smile at he . jarrett smile back . vincent I have take that tour . lester ( be : he remark ) you be about as smooth as you be clean . vincent ( deadpan serious ) want to make out ? Val exhales a ring of smoke , bored with the chit-chat . val so you can fly shuttle ... lester look at he . so do jarrett . val ( cont ’d ) ( to lester ) what about big ship ? lester how big ? val Light speed freighter big . lester stare at he for a beat . lester size do matter . jarrett Val ... Val look over at he boss . jarrett ( cont 'd ) speak to you outside for a minute ? int . chop shop hangar jarrett point a finger at Val . both man have to yell to be hear above the racket of the worker stripping the shuttle in the b.g. ( continued ) 38 . jarrett that 's the last I ever want to hear about that job . Far as I be concerned , it do not exist . val she could do it . she do not even flinch when I mention it . and I bet she can handle a thrust suit better than ander -- jarrett do you hear I , Val ? there 's no job . with we be not get in business with brae . the decision 's be make . val I do not remember decide anything . jarrett that 's because I do the decide . val you be call shot from the backseat up there . you break the rule . jarrett I make the rule , I can break they . I give the order , you do not . val if she have obey you order up there , we have be walk back home right now instead of sit here all liquore up with a full tank in the bank . jarrett get ice-cold . jarrett you do not like it , you can walk . val maybe I ’1l1 do that . jarrett I be not offer , Val . I be tell . noise of ratchet and air-wrench reverberate off the hangar wall . Val give jarrett a long , incredulous look . ( continued ) 39 . jarrett ( cont 'd ) you want the bigger job then you go get ‘em . you get you own crew together , go raise some hell . val you be cut I loose ?! what 's wrong with you ? jarrett I be get smart , that 's what . I get a nice piece of luck tuck away . something say I share any more with you , I be gonna lose the whole stash . jarrett stare at he , serious as stone . val that 's it then ? silence . jarrett gesture to the shuttle ... jarrett you x11 get you cut . ... and walk away , back towards the office . Val watch he rejoin the other , sullen ... disbely . ext . lunar construction complex - the moon earthrise . the shiny blue and white ball creep up over the lunar horizon . int . adrienne 's room - cestus club Val recline on the cushion . his usual look of bliss be go , though . he 's sweat , as if he 's in pain . there be the SOUND of rough seas . adrienne lean over he . adrienne what 's wrong , Val ? val I do not ... I do not know . maybe the dose -- adrienne shhh . calm down . I x11 get you something to drink . ( continued ) 40 . she get up and go away . Val close he eye and try to slow he breathe . then he open they again . val 's Pov : lester stand in front of he now , among the ocean wave of he hallucination . val lester ?? she smile warmly at he , then lean close . he reach for she . they kiss . he stroke she face ... but she suddenly disappear . confused , Val try to get up . val ( cont 'd ) wait ! adrienne ( 0.s. ) Val ? val 's Pov : adrienne lean back into view , hold a drink . she look at he , puzzle . adrienne ( cont 'd ) you okay ? val who let she in ? adrienne look behind she , then back to Val . adrienne there 's nobody here . val I see she ... adrienne you only see what you want to see in here , honey . you know that . Val stare past she , lose . she put down the drink . adrienne ( cont 'd ) do you see I , Val ? he do not say a word as he get up and leave , hurry . 41 . ext . ocean of storm - the moon Rolling hill pockmark with a thousand crater , baking in the 225 degree Fahrenheit heat of the bright lunar noon . a single lunar truck crawl a well - wear path in the dust . flicker blue laser light pattern dance around its boxy freight container . closer on - a crater a deep bowl the size of several coliseum . hunched behind the large boulder lining the rim be ... four men in pressure suit . one of they be val . another one be gifford . the other two be jumpy and anxious , low -rent lunar biker type . they watch the truck make its way along the trail below . behind they rest a moon scooter -- a small open vehicle for short hop . Val aim a light - tool down at the truck . it light up . he swipe it across he glove -- he suit sparkles blue . Val turn to gifford . val wait for I to stop it before you make you move . biker one speak up . biker one I do not care if you be run this show , you mess up out there , you be on you own , get it ? Val just glare through he visor at biker one . biker one smirk . he and biker two move for the scooter . Val shoot a glare at gifford . gifford do not worry . they will not screw the pooch . val best for you they do not . Val tuck the light tool into he suit . gifford just make sure you shut down that stumper , okay , pal ? ( continued ) 42. Val stare coldly at gifford then take two long bounce in the one-sixth Earth gravity and disappear over the rim . ext . other side of crater rim Val jump straight up . his boot thruster FIRE . he rip across the surface towards the truck . ext . lunar truck Val slow as he approach the truck , then pass successfully through the blue laser alarm . he hover for a second , then drop gently onto the container engulf in a staccato explosion of the blue light . he pull a tool from he suit and open up a control panel on the back of the truck . after a few second of fiddling , the laser light shut off . the truck come to a quick halt . Val look forward . the scooter skim up to the truck with gifford at the stick . biker one and biker two leap off and reach the cab of the truck in two quick bound . Val start to work he way to the freight door when -- biker one ( 0.s. ) open up ! Val turn and look as biker one pastes a small lump of clay to the cab 's hatch . val hey ! there be a bright flash as the hatch fly off the truck the two driver be suck out in the escape atmosphere . they body explode in the vacuum and scatter in shred to the surface . biker one jump to the top of the cab . val ( cont 'd ) that 's '' murder one , '' asshole ! biker one pull a laser torch from he tool belt . biker one no . that 's murder one , two , three -- ( continued ) 43. he flick the torch on . White laser light stream from its tip . he slashes it towards val . Val leap up and pull something off he belt ... it 's a zero -g modify , double - barrel saw - off shotgun . he level it at biker one and pull the trigger muzzle flash erupt and biker one 's helmet explode in a frothy spray of blood and brain . the recoil rocket Val backwards across the container . he spot biker two go for the laser torch and let he have the second shotgun barrel . biker two be CUT in half at the waist -- he bisect body halve spin apart in opposite direction . the laser torch drop to the container and click on . a white - hot beam of light begin to burn through a round case near the cab of the truck . the case bear the universal warning label for radiation . gifford the reactor ! he cast a quick glance at Val , then -- hop back onto the scooter and hit the gas . the scooter take off , leave Val behind . Val leap from the container , fire he thruster at the same time and -- shoot across the gap to the scooter . make the grab onto the back of the fly machine just as gifford try to escape . a enormous bright flash go off behind they as the lunar truck 's reactor explode . Val gain he foot . gifford look over he shoulder in fear . he pitch the scooter in a attempt to shake Val off . Val hold on with one hand , pull he grapple gun with the other , and point it at gifford . val do not have to dream about that stumper anymore , gif . ( continued ) 44 , Val fire . the grapple tear into gifford 's chest , rupture he pressure suit . gifford 's face register a look of horror ... then explode all over the inside of he helmet . Val release the grapple . gifford tumble off the scooter , and fall to the surface . we hear the filter SOUND of Val catch he breath as he take over the control . the scooter disappear over the horizon with Val at the helm . int . val 's apartment Val come inside : dirty and seethe . he kick over a chair , turn and rake he sailing paraphernalia off a shelf in a burst of rage . int . shower - val 's apartment Val stand under the shower , daze and exhaust ... scared . ext . lunar construction complex the pressurize city cook in the lunar sunlight . int . hallway outside val 's apartment - lcc Val walk along . a voice stop he in he track ... voice ( 0.s. ) mister dalton . Val turn to see a detective , flanke by a couple of faceless cop in riot suit , step from the shadow . val if it be not the '' too much fun Club . '' detective how 's the '' construction business ? '' val boom . detective you know the drill . Val raise he hand and face the wall . one of the cop frisk he while the other run a scanner over he body . ( continued ) 45 . val what 's the occasion , detective ? detective could not sleep last night . two dead trucker keep show up in my dream , try to tell I something . one cop take Val 's palmtop and begin downloading it into he own . the detective stick he face next to Val 's . detective ( cont ’d ) I be glad that scumbag gifford be dead . wish I could have shot he myself . but the problem be , he and he buddy take two innocent hardwork family man with they . and I get pay to protect the innocent . val sound like a dead - end job to I . the cop finish the download . cop he 's clean , sir . the detective stare hard at Val for a second more . detective yeah , I figure . we be look for some real amateur type . bottom dweller . not like you at all , val . the detective hand Val 's palmtop back . detective ( cont ’d ) see you soon , maybe . he lead the two cop away . Val watch they go . int . cantina - lcc not quite a clean , well - light place . Val , several day unshaven and exhaust , sit alone at the bar . he smoke a cigarette and drink from a beer bottle . two empty one sit in front of he . he look at a rough - look group of man and woman gather around a large table in the middle of the room . ( continued ) 46 . upon a grid on the table , small g.i. joe-size figure in uniform huddle on either side of a leather ball -- it 's a digital broadcast of a football game in holographic form . the scoreboard blink : live from TEXAS territory - earth . raider 20 , cowboys 21 . it 's 4th and 15 with only second leave . the '' raider '' break from the huddle and move to the line of scrimmage . val come on ... the ball be snap . the quarterback fade , look for a receiver , scramble , get slam by charge '' Cowboys . '' cheer go up from the group at the table . the bartender glance at Val . bartender that 's another hundred you owe I . Val crumple he empty cigarette pack , ignore he . val give I a new pack of stick . the bartender toss Val a fresh pack of cigarettes . Val start to unwrap it when ... woman 's voice ( 0.s. ) mind if I bum one ? he turn around to see -- lester stand directly behind he . she flash a smile that could split a atom . Val 's rivete . lester or do I have to wrestle you for it ? Val come out of he trance , hand she a cigarette ... lester ( cont 'd ) thanks . ... light it for she . val what be you do here ? lester blow a sharp stream of smoke , glance around . ( continued ) 47 . lester selling girl scout cookie . val I mean here , on the moon . lester you do not know ? Val shake he head . lester lower she voice . lester ( cont 'd ) you boy ander the pilot get send up . they stick he in the Ice House . he 's not come back anytime soon . Val hesitates before he ask ... val then you be still work for jarrett ? lester some. ( pause ) what about you ? Val do not answer . he take he last swig of beer , then put the empty bottle down on the bar . val buy you a drink ? lester you live close ? val yeah . lester buy I one there . int . val 's apartment Val pour two whiskey . he hand one to lester , who sit ina chair near the window , then take a seat across from she they watch each other , guard , as they sip they drink . finally , lester nod at the sailboat picture on the wall . lester you sail ? ( continued ) 48. Val do not break he gaze , take a moment to answer . val want to . lester get to Earth much ? val I be plan on it . lester nod , grin . lester a man with plan . val I be bear down there . my father 's bury there . buried at sea . he be a sailor before the war . lester you want to be bury down there too ? val not anytime soon . lester I want to be cremate when I go . Light up like a star . I want ‘em to smell I burn . she take another sip of she drink , smile . lester ( cont ’d ) I have get plan of my own . Val raise he glass to lester . val here 's to the future . he drink without take he eye off lester lester find a pilot for you Light speed freighter yet ? val ask jarrett about the job . ( continued ) 49 . lester he do not answer . just like he do not talk about you exit . Val do not blink , smirk back at she val it be time for I to move on . take control of my own ... destiny . lester how 's that goin 's ? Val do not say a word , finish he drink lester lean forward , serpent - like . lester ( cont 'd ) tell I about the freighter . Val pause . val name '' tycho brae '' ring bell ? lester sure . Gates brother use to talk about he . make he out to be bigger than big time . billy be pretty jealous . val brae do that to people . jarrett and brae have history together , but brae get to write it . now he want we to steal a freighter for he , but jarrett 's not bite . lester why not ? val have you listen to jarrett lately ? his age be start to show when he open he mouth . a long pause . Val move closer to she . she touch he leg . lester how much ? val a lot . ( continued ) 50 . lester it pay ? val '' King of the nighttime World '' wealth . there be a long heavy pause as they stare at each other . lester can we get out of this clothes now ? int . bedroom - val 's apartment Val and lester have the kind of sex you want to be in on . int . live room - later Val sit in the dark . he watch lester get dress . lester if you get a crew together to take the freighter , I want in . Val shake he head . val take a certain kind of crew to do something like that . five or six guy who work together like a clock , where each man know exactly what the guy next to he can do , what he 's gonna do ... closer on val as he pause , he own word hit home . val ( cont ’d ) ' Cause when you have get that dial in , that 's when you can do no wrong and you will not fail . closer still as Val stare at she with electric eye . val ( cont ’d ) I only know one crew like that . heavy silence . lester would you come back ? val it 's not up to I . ( continued ) 51 . lester you do not answer the question . Val 's quiet . he look at lester , shimmer in the lunar light from the window . val be you gonna be there ? lester answer the question . Val stare at she , take a breath . val yeah . lester then I 'il see what I can do . lester lean in and kiss he , long , like a lover . then she turn and leave . Val watch she go , silent . int . val 's apartment - another day Val enter , carry grocery . val message . several '' phone number '' be beam onto he wall . Val glance up at one . jarretta hologram message appear . jarrett 's face Val . let 's talk . my place , ten o'clock . int . jarretta place jarrett stand shirtless , towell off wet hair in the middle of he live room , just out of the shower . jarrett open . the door slide open and Val enter . he be clean -shaven dress in fresh clothes . the two man stare across the room at each other for a long beat . jarrett ( cont 'd ) you be early . ( continued ) 52 . val I get place to be -- jarrett busy ? val get a few thing go . jarrett look he straight in the eye . jarrett that 's not what gifford tell I . Val 's nail . he can not respond . jarrett ( cont 'd ) ready to listen up ? Van nod , silent . jarrett ( cont 'd ) get a tip from Ray : a rotor shuttle be go to leave Earth atmosphere on a tran - polar flight . part of its cargo be a vault of experimental pharmaceutical . there be five ampoule in that vault for which a buyer have already commit to pay four million dollar val what 's the security ? jarrett one guy , no alarm . Val look puzzle . jarrett explain . jarrett ( cont 'd ) Ray have a man earthside who schedule the payload . he 's gonna make a mistake that day , put the wrong one on the right ship . Val wait for jarrett to continue , but jarrett do not . val you ask I back in ? jarrett you ask back in , I 'il let you . ( continued ) 53. a long pause . val all that krugerrand behind a Rent -a- cop ? with what 's not to ask ? jarrett step forward and offer he hand . Val take it . they shake . lester ( 0.s. ) you be in whether you ask or not . Val start , turn towards the voice , see -- lester stand near the bedroom door , lean against the wall wear only a thin robe . her hair , like jarrett 's , be also wet . she 's obviously just be shower with he . Val try not to look surprised ... or jealous . lester ( cont 'd ) we could not just let you walk out of here if you be not in on it . Val follow lester with blank eye as she come into the room . lester ( cont 'd ) and jarrett 's sentimental , there 's no way he have let I shoot you . jarrett smile , genuine . jarrett lester 's with we , Val . Val force he mouth to move , keep he eye on she . val I hear about ander . jarrett ander be a good pilot . he look at lester like he can not wait to finish that shower jarrett ( cont ’d ) now we get a better one . jarrett go to lester and kiss her ... intimately . close on - val keeping he face zipped tight , betray nothing . ( continued ) 54 . lester meet he eye as jarrett break off the kiss . lester jarrett say he would not even do this job unless you come back . I be glad you do . I think we all work well together . closer on - val he have turn to stone . word barely escape he ... val yeah . I too . int . spaceport - lcc the off-moon transportation depot for smaller commercial spacecraft . crews bustle to and for . other relax in a enormous lobby . Val walk swiftly through the busy port carry he duffel . he enter a door mark : pad 39a -w . int . launch pad - spaceport - lcc the c-class hauler sit ready for takeoff . kellogg and mullin make last - minute check on the ship . there be a awkward pause as Val enter the pad , then mullin offer he hand . Val take it . mullins good to see you back , Val . kellogg step forward . he and Val shake . kellogg miss you , man . Val glimpsis lester through the hauler 's cockpit window . val jarrett ? kellogg on he way . int . hauler bridge lester run she pre-flight check . she turn around to find ( continued ) 55 . Val stand right behind she in the cockpit hatchway . he stare she down and speak in a low , urgent tone . val surprise I again , I ’1ll kill you . lester stare back for a beat , cold , indifferent . lester what 's the matter with you ? you want back in , you be in . you want some real action , you get it . val if jarrett know about we -- lester you want to tell he ? silence . Val bite he lip . lester move close ... intimate . lester ( cont 'd ) listen up . I know what I be do . and I be not do it for jarrett . a long look , then she walk away . Val watch she , tear . int . launch pad - spaceport - lcc no SOUND . a bright flash ... and the hauler shoot up through the open hangar ceiling . Zero to Mach 1 in half a eye blink ext . the hauler - high above the moon the rocket port burn . the hauler accelerate out of lunar orbit . int . hauler corridor - later pre-game tension fill the tight corridor as Val , jarrett lester and mullin slip into they pressure suit . Val give lester a tough look as he zip in . ext . the hauler - space the ship drift above the Earth , a small black spot against a magnificent spherical swirl of blue and white . 56 . int . hauler bridge Val , jarrett and mullin sit tight in they pressure suit as lester pilot they towards the target . lester there it be . through the window , arcing slowly towards they , be a -- rotor craft shuttle a huge missile - shape space helicopter , its large rotor blade attach to its mid section . jarrett light out . the cockpit light dim . lester start the roll . lester roll the hauler to the right , set it into a slow , constant spin . jarrett send the signal . kellogg work he console . kellogg ( into microphone ) mayday , mayday . this be com hauler '' alecto '' call rotor craft . please respond . Val watch the rotor craft spin around out the window . voice ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) message receive , '' alecto . '' please advise . kellogg we have lose core pressure , have two injure crew , request permission to Eva on board . voice ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) permission grant . ( more ) ( continued ) 57 . voice ( cont 'd ) come on over , '' alecto . '' we 'il light up the aft airlock for you . a string of small light blink around a door at the back of the rotor craft . jarrett look to Val and mullin . they both nod '' ready . '' ext . the hauler - space the hauler look dark and dead in its slow spin . Val , jarrett , lester and mullin emerge from the airlock jarrett mask up . they visor black over , obscure they face . mullin and lester play '' dead . '' Val and jarrett tow they towards the rotor craft , float a hundred yard away . close on the four of they they glide through space towards the giant rotor ship 's airlock door , bath in the blue glow of the Earth below . ext . rotor craft - space the outer airlock door slide open . Val , jarrett , lester and mullin float inside . the outer door close . int . rotor craft - airlock Val and jarrett hold a limp lester and mullin as the airlock pressurize with a loud hiss . Three medic look at they through a inner window . jarrett we get two injure here ! the hissing stop . the inner door open . the three medics rush inside . mullin , Val and jarrett pull gun . the medics freeze . val guess again . bridge - rotor craft Val , jarrett , lester and mullin storm onto the bridge . they shove the medics onto the floor . ( continued ) 58 . mullins all right , people . kiss the floor and button up . I shoot if I see the white of you eye . the crew of seven stare at the intruder in a complete state of shock . they do not budge . mullin step forward and thwacks the nearest crew member in the collar bone with the butt of he machine gun . the Crew member cry out in pain as he go down . mullins ( cont 'd ) we be not kid , folk . this be a robbery . the rest of the crew dive to the floor . lester take the helm , throw switch : guidance , nav , Security , propulsion . a series of disabled light come on . lester nod to Val . Val step up to the captain , lie on the floor with the other , stick a gun to the back of he head . val vault key . the Captain hesitates ... captain I -- Val fire a shot into the floor next to the Captain 's ear . val vault . Key . the deafen Captain reach into a pocket and produce a red key . Val take it and head off the bridge with jarrett . corridor - rotor craft Val lead jarrett through the ship at a run . val Left . they turn a corner . Val and jarrett lift they gun ... val ( cont 'd ) Guard . ( continued ) 59 . they round a corner and come face - to- face with a lone security guard aim a revolver at they . it 's a stand - off : Val and jarrett , menace in they pressure suit and black - out visor , point they machine gun ; the young guard in he flight suit , gun hand shaking like a leaf . Val simply reach out and take the gun away . guard please do not kill I . val would not think of it . sit down and be quiet . the guard hit the floor . vault room - rotor craft Val and jarrett enter . Val go to the vault and open it with the key card . Inside be rack fill with case . jarrett count three rack across and pull out that case . open it . Inside be five vial of deep blue liquid . jarrett what 's five time one ? jarrett ( cont 'd ) four. million . dollar . Val grin as jarrett shut the case and stuff it in he belt bag . he and Val exit the vault room . bridge - rotor craft jarrett shoot they a " thumb up " as he and Val race back to the bridge . lester slip out of the helm and follow they to the air-lock . mullin say farewell to he hostage ... mullins lady and gentleman , you have be a great audience , but sit tight because we be go to blow you air lock in about ten second and do not want anyone expand before they very own eye . mullin slip off the bridge . the door slide shut . bridge corridor - rotor craft Val , jarrett , mullin and lester climb into a cramped emergency airlock . they close the inner door . 60 . emergency airlock - rotor craft mullins that be too easy . I almost feel guilty . the other laugh , except Val . he look at lester val what about you lester ? how do you feel ? lester look straight at Val . she smile . lester I be not the guilty type . jarrett grab a large handle . Val , lester and mullin brace themselves . jarrett pull . the outer door OPEN and they be sucked into space . ext . lunar construction complex - the moon sunlight reflect off the expansive glass and steel oasis cover the desolate lunar dust kellogg ( 0.s. ) what do you mean it 's worthless ? int . jarrett' place jarrett , lester , mullin and kellogg stand . Val sit coolly in the corner . everyone 's glaring at the steal vial of blue liquid on the table . nobody 's happy . jarrett Ray 's guy screw up , load the vault in the wrong order . the real stuff never leave Earth . mullins and we bring we dick home . kellogg what about this guy , this screw -up ? jarrett cop take he away . val sing type ? ( continued ) 61 . jarrett do not know . val what do Ray think ? jarrett Ray 's incommunicado . cop shook he down last night . kellogg that mean they 's 1l come for we next . mullin swing he arm and smashes the vial off the table . mullins well that just make my week ! nervous silence fill the room . lester so what do this mean ? kellogg means we do not get rich -- lester cut he off ... nervous . lester besides the money -- I be talk about we , this crew . more silence . jarrett we shut it down for a while , lay low -- kellogg I can not really afford to lay low just right now -- jarrett explode , angry . jarrett goddamnit , the situation be what it be . we do not have the advantage this time . if you can not handle it , then maybe we all just oughta walk five way and never come back . jarrett cut himself off , self - conscious of he outburst . this other look at he , surprised . it 's the first time they have ever see he lose he cool - a chink in the armor . ( continued ) 62. Val and lester exchange a look . and in that half glance , val watch lester 's lip make a slight , subtle curl at the edge of she mouth ... a smile . a single smile for Val 's eye only , a smile that say , '' here 's you chance . '' he take it . val there be another option . everybody look at Val . val ( cont 'd ) we can pull one more job . jarrett nail Val with a hard glare . Val do not waver . val ( cont 'd ) it 's big and it 's bad , but we ace it we 'il never have to pull another one . there be a long pause . kellogg with the heat turn up ? val I do not hear anyone knock yet silence . Val have they attention . mullins how big ? val twenty million . mullins Jesus ... what be it ? before Val can answer -- jarrett it 's a Light speed freighter . mullins Holy ... kellogg what be ... be it a hijack ? -- they all fall silent ... stunne . Val stand up , look at they . ( continued ) 63. val this be how it 's gonna be . we decide first , then we can talk about it . ' Cause this one 's do or die . if this one punch back , we all bleed . Val look jarrett in the bull 's -eye . val ( cont 'd ) so we decide first . right now . it get real , real quiet . lester I be in . Val look at she . mullins I too . Val nod , turn to kellogg . kellogg yeah . all eye now go to jarrett . he look at Val , expressionless . int . tram graveyard - lcc litter with break - down tram car and machine part . a light flicker inside one car . int . broken tram car Val and jarrett stand in the middle of the car . tycho brae sit in the one remain intact seat . he look hollow and alert . jumpy . like a man who have not sleep . Nigel stand next to he . a small lantern hang above they swing pendulum of light across they face . tycho brae flat refusal , follow by a lengthy reconsideration , cap with eager acceptance in the nick of time ... be that wagner I hear in the background ? jarrett we want half up front . brae be silent . ( continued ) 64 . tycho brae of course you do . a pause . tycho brae ( cont 'd ) Fine . Seven point five million will be in you account as soon as you pass lowell Station ... brae stop . jarrett be shaking he head . jarrett ten million . half of the whole twenty . tycho brae the " whole twenty " be contingent upon delivery -- val ten million or no deal . we do not come here for a good laugh . brae seem pleasantly surprised . tycho brae Val 's run the show now ? jarrett we all know damn well who 's run the show here , brae , so if you want you ship , you make the deal . brae level he icy gaze at jarrett . tycho brae I trust you new pilot -- what 's she name , Louis ? -- can handle this . jarrett burn . jarrett she can handle a lot . tycho brae I imagine so . brae turn to Val , earnest . ( continued ) 65 . tycho brae ( cont 'd ) tell I , be it just jarrett who fuck she , or do the whole crew get to take a dip ? jarrett lunge for brae . but Nigel have a gun in he face before he can get there . Val hold jarrett back with one hand while he draw he colt .45 on brae . brae remain still . tycho brae ( cont 'd ) whatever ... ten million as soon as you pass the coastal checkpoint . the balance upon delivery . agreed ? jarrett stand down . val agreed . no one move though . the gun stay point . tycho brae I have get to wrap up some legal issue offshore . we will not speak again until after the rendezvous . Nigel will handle logistic for the launch . since we be down to the wire , I will donate one of my lightrail 's for the hop . the clock start now . pause . val be that all ? tycho brae no . lower you weapon . Val look at Nigel . val junior go first . Nigel steam . brae look at he . Nigel reluctantly obey and lower he gun . next , val. jarrett stare hard at brae . jarrett after this job 's do , next time you better pray you see I first . tycho brae I will keep that in mind . ( continued ) 66 . jarrett and Val turn to leave . tycho brae ( cont 'd ) good hunt , gentleman . int . lightspeed launch pad - lcc Val , jarrett , lester stand freeze in they track , gaze admirably at something in front of they . val always want to steal one of this . there Pov : the azon lightrail , a razor - sleek spaceship with a polished titanium hull , poise for launch . marking on the tail proclaim , '' pectel mining Corp . '' thin wisp of vapor curl around supercool propellant hose snake from its underbelly . it look fast as light . lester Seven minute to Mars . jarrett too bad we have to scuttle it . val I do not know ... seven minute ? that 's enough time to find a buyer , do not you think , Nigel ? Nigel 's not amused by Val 's joke . jarrett walk ahead with he , leave Val and lester alone for a moment val ( cont ’d ) ( low voice ) that be slick what you pull with the rotor shuttle gig . very slick . lester what do you mean ? val come on , you do not bring I back in just for four mile in dope . you set the whole thing up to back jarrett into this job . it be a phony heist . she look at he , then step close enough to kiss he . lester we get what we want , right ? Val just stare into she eye , then -- ( continued ) 67 . jarrett ( 0.s. ) ( call she ) lester ... lester purse she lip at Val and walk away . int . lightrail cargo BAY - lcc a small bathyscaph - like docking pod be secure in the hold . Val and mullin prep gear while kellogg work on a pressure suit with a meticulous hand . the suit sparkles alternately blue , green , yellow as he check its laser evasion system . mullins why worry about that alarm when we get this ? mullin lift the " mother of all machine gun " out of a box , shoulder it . mullins ( cont 'd ) the remington Z - 16 . freon-cooled pulse plasma ; fire thirty round a second fully auto - this baby 's a stumper party dream date . kellogg the kid 's in love . mullin slew the gun around and draw a bead on kellogg . mullins Works pretty good on people , too . kellogg give he " the finger . " Val notice the round tube fitte to mullin 's gun . val grenade launcher ? mullins yeah , but I tweak it to take a standard fission charge . mullin hold up something resembling a hockey puck . mullins ( cont 'd ) ( demonstrate ) set the timer , load , pull , send you neighbor a supernova . ( continued ) 68. Val look at something down the corridor . val be Pov : lester move around in the cockpit , adjust instrument , set control . she become aware of Val 's gaze , and look back at he for a moment . Val turn back to the other . val come on , let 's get this do . int . jarrett' place it 's the final briefing . Val , lester , jarrett , mullin kellogg . a holographic model of a Light speed freighter ( lsf ) hover in front of they . even in miniature it look enormous . val the lsf 's awareness system be too sophisticated for we to even attempt a straight ship - borne assault . so we be go to play hop-scotch -- Val wave he hand , produce another hologram model , this one of a Mass driver - a unmanned spaceship consist of a long lattice frame push a asteroid through space . val ( cont ’d ) this mass driver will be fly a course that will intersect the freighter 's at precisely 0100 hour . a path of light inside the hologram highlight what Val say : val ( cont 'd ) we x11 land the docking pod onto the mass driver , hitch a ride to the point of intersection , then bail off and drop onto the freighter as it pass underneath we ... it look impossible . the other watch , gravely serious . val ( cont ’d ) once we commit to the docking pod , it 's a one - way ticket , no return . we get one chance to board the freighter ; we miss , it 's over . mullins all over . ( continued ) 69 . jarrett team one will land here -- jarrett touch the hologram -- a circle be highlighted . jarrett ( cont 'd ) disable optic transmission and drop to the com mainframe where you will shut down all ship - to- shore talk long - range tracking , anything and everything unfriendly to we cause . jarrett touch the model again -- another circle light up near the front of the lsf . jarrett ( cont 'd ) lester and I enter here and move strong for the bridge . Val look through the hologram at lester , furtive . she catch he eye then look away . a circle light up on one side of the lsf ... jarrett ( cont 'd ) I will flush the prisoner out in the starboard escape shuttle -- ... then another light up on the opposite side . jarrett ( cont 'd ) save the port shuttle for we departure after we hand off the ship to brae . several smaller circle light up throughout the ship include one circle in the engine room . kellogg remember , the green lifeboat be non - maneuverable while the ship 's in the inner system . if thing go south and you be force to punch out in one of this , be advise you have no control whatsoever over you destination , if you reach it . mullins that 's a long deep hypersleep . the hologram disappear . ( continued ) 70 . val any question ? lester raise she hand . the other look . Val nod lester what be we gonna do with all that money ? she smile big . everyone else do , too . except val. CUT to : five hand holding shot glass the glass be fill with bourbon . int . jarrett' place - moment later Val , jarrett , lester , mullin and kellogg stand under the giant fran hal military portrait , they glass raise . lester look right at val . lester here 's to the future . they all click they glass together and down they shot . ext . jarrett' place - later mullin and kellogg exit and go they separate way down the hall . Val step through next , lester right on he heel . she turn to jarrett , stand next to she lester I have to run the post - fueling check . jarrett look at Val walk away . jarrett Val ... Val stop , turn around a face jarrett jarrett ( cont 'd ) go with she . Val catch lester 's eye for just a second , nod , follow . 71 . int . launch pad gangway - lcc a long tunnel of red light . Val and lester walk quickly down it . lester glance over she shoulder at Val . window now appear on the side of the gangway . through they we can see the lightrail rest on the pad under a now OPEN ceiling . lester reach the hatch and open it . they both enter the spaceship . int . lightrail - cockpit a swollen Earth appear in the distance through the cockpit window , a glow blue globe bear from infinite darkness . lester enter the cockpit first . she turn around to face Val as he follow she in . they move to each other at the same time . lip press together as they body meet . clothes come off fast . lester scoot up on one of the command couch and pull Val into she . they make love . lightrail cockpit - later Val and lester lay still and naked on the command couch , sweat glisten on they skin . they look out the window at the Earth , loom larger than ever over the lunar landscape . lester you be go there after the job , be not you ? you be go back to Earth . val one way , non-stop . lester I have never be . her word hang thick and heavy in silence for a beat . lester ( cont 'd ) jarrett think the whole place be a prison . he will never go back ( a beat ) I have love to see it though -- Val turn , look deep and hard into she eye . val I be seventeen , work a straight paycheck gig welding beam on station frame . jarrett be my foreman . ( more ) ( continued ) 72 . val ( cont 'd ) one day , my thruster pack stick . spun I a half - klik off the platform , out of control . I be about to be tear apart inside my suit when jarrett come out of nowhere and hit the kill switch . next day we both quit , go to work for ourselves . see , jarrett save I twice - the first time when he hit that kill switch ; the second , when he take I outta that goin ' nowhere good - guy ride and teach I the straight and narrow life of crime . Val just look at she , then get up and grab he clothes . val ( cont ’d ) you want to come with I , you can . but nothing happen to jarrett . I owe he my life , he get to keep he . he leave . ext . launch pad gangway - lcc a flash of light . the lightrail lift off the moon . ext . lightrail - above the moon the rocket port on the back of the merlin FIRE to life , propelling the spacecraft out of lunar orbit . cockpit - lightrail jarrett and lester sit side by side . lester prepare to jump . they flight couch seal around they body . a loud whirring noise fill the ship . jarrett and lester pinch they nose to equalize pressure . crew deck - lightrail Val , mullin and kellogg be sealed into they couch . kellogg yell over the loud noise ... ( continued ) 73. kellogg I do not care how short the trip be , I hate lightspeed jump . I still wish I could sleep through it . mullins you can if you black out . cockpit - lightrail lester grab the joystick . classic AIR - jockey voice ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) Seven five nine , corridor be open corridor be yours . lester copy , control . Fusion prop on my mark . Three , two , one , mark -- crew deck - lightrail Val relax . kellogg tense up and shut he eye . mullins and then there be light . ext . lightrail the back of the ship glow like a small sun ... and then it 's gone . lightrail cockpit stream of light ripple over jarrett and lester 's visor grow brighter as the ship accelerate , until - - flash ! White hot light blow out the cockpit . lester ( filter ) speed ! crew deck - lightrail Val and mullin smile as they watch the streak of light whiz over they head . kellogg shut he eye tighter Val 's eye start to roll back ... he fight it then black out . 74 . ext . interplanetary space a thin streak of color split the blackness like a rainbow shot from a cannon . it leave behind nothing but star and silence . CUT to : val' eyelids close . mullins ( 0.s. ) wake up , dog . we be outta the black . they blink open . int . crew deck - lightrail Val come to . mullin stand over he , grin , and add ... int . lightrail galley Val look like a wreck . kellogg hand he a cup of coffee while mullin look on . Val take a sip and grimace as jarrett and lester step into the galley . jarrett you okay ? Val rub he head . val never have it this bad before . mullins must be get old . jarrett lowell Station 's get we in a hold pattern . some kind of prisoner transfer go on . they have seal the whole area . jarrett ( cont 'd ) no big deal . we will be outta here in three hour . plenty of time . lester nod she head at Val 's cup . ( continued ) 75 . lester put some sugar in it . lester and jarrett exit . Val watch they go as kellogg pass he some sugar . Val shake he head , decline , then dump the rest of the coffee altogether and get up . crew deck - lightrail Val be alone on the deck , check out he pressure suit . jarrett enter , then speak in a low voice . jarrett we get the money . Val nod . jarrett ( cont 'd ) I move it to the dummy account . val lester ? jarrett shake he head . jarrett you be still the only one besides I who have the code . nobody else . Val look at jarrett , almost surprised . jarrett turn to leave . Val hesitates over something , then speak ... val jarrett ... jarrett quickly turn around , almost expect it . val ( cont 'd ) I need to talk -- jarrett save it . jarrett look at he , forgive . Val stay quiet . ext . mar space the lightrail drift high above the red planet mar , in synchronous orbit with a immense orbital structure -- ( continued ) 76 . lowell station , the " gateway " to deep space . cluster of spacecraft drift in a loose line behind and in front of the lightrail , each wait they turn to proceed into the asteroid belt . controller ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) Seven , five , niner , lear to proceed . the lightrail move smoothly away from lowell Station . lester ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) we copy . thanks guy . the rocket port flare then quickly CUT out as the ship leave Mars space and head into the -- asteroid belt , barely visible up ahead . int . lightrail cockpit - hour later lester scan the hud radar image on the cockpit window that show the position of various asteroid , swirl through space like stone in a dryer . jarrett glance over she shoulder at the monitor . jarrett busy out here today . lester point out the window . lester I get the mass driver . jarrett look . jarrett there 's we ride . cargo hold - lightrail Val look out a small porthole . the Mass driver , push its asteroid payload through space at 20,000 mile per hour , fly relative a thousand yard out that thousand yard between the lightrail and the mass Driver be full of many more thousand of small asteroid and rock spiraling through space - a interplanetary hail storm . 77 . int . docking pod Val , jarrett , lester , mullin and kellogg be pack into the docking pod , all wear pressure suit . lester take the control . the cargo bay door open . outside the mass Driver cruise directly below the merlin . kellogg ( nervous ) this be that point-of - no-return , do - or-die time , right ? mulling yep . kellogg I hate that . ext . lightrail - cargo hold the docking pod move forward on a track until it extend out of the lightrail into space . it jolt to a stop then -- fall away from the mother ship . it rights itself with a few burst of fine thrust , then swoops towards the mass Driver . int . docking pod lester steer past the whizzing asteroid . lester we be down among ‘em , fella . ext . docking pod the pod descend fast towards the mass Driver . short burst puff from its fine thruster . int . docking pod chirp sound . val collision alarm . lester do not worry about this small stuff -- jarrett see it a half - second before the other do . ( continued ) 78 . jarrett this be not small ! there Pov : a enormous asteroid tumble out of nowhere , straight for they . ext . docking pod thrust pound from every nozzle . the pod dart to its right , then spin around -- just as the asteroid tumble past , disappear . int . docking pod lester stabilize the pod as everybody catch they breath . val ( to lester ) do you blow you fuel ? lester we be gonna find out . ext . Mass driver the pod thrust towards a docking port on the spine of the long , unmanned ship . the small thruster throw all they power into it as the pod strain forward . int . docking pod lester look concerned . lester we be lose relative speed ! ext . docking pod the tiny pod just can not get closer to the docking port . then the engine CUT out . int . docking pod lester fuel 's go ! damnit ! Val go for the hatch . val ( to mullin ) move ! ( continued ) 79 . he push mullin away as he pull a tether out of he suit and hook it to the inside of the hatch . val ( cont 'd ) blow the hatch ! lester what 's that gonna do ?! val kill you if you do not clip in !! the other hurry to clip themselves in as Val pull the hatch release . the hatch blast OPEN into the vacuum of space . Val be suck out of the pod . ext . docking pod Val fly through the hatch , connect to it by the tether . he aim he body forward and -- fire he thruster . sail past the lead edge of the pod . draw he grapple gun . fire at the docking port . the grapple hook the docking ring . Val hit he thruster and -- pull the pod into the Mass driver 's docking port . the pod 's nose click home . ext . docking pod - from a distance the pod cling to the mass Driver like a bug . Val 's a spec as he move back to the open hatch . int . docking pod Val come back inside , pull the hatch shut behind he . he look at the other . they be all still in shock , stunne at how close they come to death , awed by Val 's effort . it 's a long beat before ... mullins you rock . Val look at lester . ( continued ) 80. val ( catch he breath ) let 's get on with it . docking pod Pov - looking up : the lightrail close its cargo door as it pitch down , then yaws around until its nose be point away from we direction of travel . int . docking pod Val , jarrett , kellogg , mullin watch lester maneuver the ship via remote control . lester firing engine . ext . space the lightrail rocket port ignite and the ship tear away from the mass driver , go out of sight almost immediately . int . docking pod jarrett watch a clock tick down on he hud . jarrett detonation . outside a small flash of light appear in the distance . no bigger than a shoot star . Val , jarrett , lester , mullin and kellogg stare into space . jarrett ( cont 'd ) now we wait . ext . asteroid belt the docking pod hold to the mass Driver like a remora as the huge , silent craft speed along . int . docking pod - hour later everybody sit cramped against the wall , wait . Val stare at lester like he wish they be alone . mullins how much time leave ? jarrett four hour , forty . mullin squirm in he suit , rub he boot across the floor ( continued ) 81. mullins my foot itches . kellogg they can put a man on the moon , but they can not make a decent sock ... ext . asteroid belt the mass Driver tow the pod on through the belt . int . docking pod - four hour , forty minute later the entire crew be on they foot , watch out the window . weapon and tool assemble , ready to rock lester there . kellogg damn . that 's big . in the distance , approach slowly , be a gigantic shape ... it 's a light speed freighter . the Empire State Building of spacecraft . massive and formidable as a castle . Val put he eye to the pod 's telescope viewfinder . scope Pov : Big black letter spell the name '' antenora " across the bow of the Light speed freighter . val ( 0.s. ) that 's we package . ext . space the mass Driver start to pass directly over the gigantic antenora cut along two thousand foot below . ext . docking pod Val , jarrett , lester , kellogg and mullin , armed with Z - 16 and utility pack , clutch onto the outside of the pod like a stick of skydiver prepare to jump . there Pov : the antenora glide up below , like the Titanic rise from the deep . kellogg Nice know you all ... ( continued ) 82. Val give mullin and kellogg a " thumb up " then look at jarrett and lester . val see you on the bridge . jarrett nod . val push off and fire he thruster . he hurtle headlong through space for the antenora . mullins and kellogg follow right on he heel . ext . space - from a distance three tiny specs -- Val , mullin and kellogg -- glide fast towards the giant spacecraft below they . two more tiny specs -- jarrett and lester -- drop off the mass Driver second later and head for the ship 's bow . CUT to : val lead mullins and kellogg as the mass Driver pull away . val' Pov : the antenora completely fill we field of vision as the hud rapidly click off the distance to target . directly ahead be a large optic antenna dish . a small hatch be visible twenty yard from the dish . Red laser alarm flicker around both antenna and hatch , spread out in pool over the entire deck of the ship . he look to he right and spot -- jarrett and lester a half - mile away over the front of the freighter . Val draw he light - tool . mullins and kellogg watch Val focus it on the ship as it grow larger by the second . val wave the light - tool all across the deck , then break radio silence . val it 's not activate . CUT to : 83. jarrett and lester drop towards a forward hatch . jarrett patiently aim he light - tool as they skim towards the deck . jarrett just hold it ... CUT to : val moment away from touchdown on the top of the freighter . val negative action ! CUT to : jarrett still aim . keeping calm . jarrett hold it , Val ... CUT to : val only foot from the deck ...he catch the light . he swipe the tool across he glove . his suit light red just as -- he land on top of the freighter . he spin and flash the tool at mullin and kellogg , fly down right behind he . they catch the beam with they glove . they suit activate as they touch down next to Val . Val , mullin and kellogg stand knee - deep in pool of red staccato laser light on top of the mighty ship . they look at each other like they want to pinch themselves . val touchdown . CUT to : jarrett and lester light up red , landing on the front of the ship . ( continued ) 84 . jarrett Roger that . CUT to : kellogg he hook himself to the deck and break into the cable box at the base of the optic antenna dish . CUT to : val and mullins twenty yard away , they go to work on the nearby hatch break into the lock . CUT to : kellogg he clip a device to the base of the optic dish . the device light up . CUT to : val and mullins Val see kellogg wave to they from the dish . val dish be down . we be go in . mullin reach down and turn the manual crank on the hatch . the hatch release . mullin pull it open . ext . forward hatch jarrett and lester break into a hatch mark : rescue access . jarrett right behind you . lester open the rescue hatch . ext . rear hatch Val crawl into -- 85 . int . maintenance tunnel Val float down the tunnel towards a inner hatch . he stop himself and look back at mullin , peer down through the open outer hatchway . Val motion for he to follow . ext . rear hatch mullin turn and look across the deck to kellogg . he wave he over when suddenly , behind kellogg , start at the very back end of the freighter and move forward -- the color of the red laser alarm start changing to blue . mullin notice -- mullins what 's up with that ? kellogg look around . the blue light be almost upon he . kellogg the alarm ... it 's change ! he flash a look of abject terror at mullin as the blue laser light break across he suit and flash on towards mullin . then thing happen very fast : --slot open up all across the ship 's deck --kellogg lunge for the hatch . --mullins raise he Z - 16 . mullins move it !! int . maintenance tunnel Val look up at the sound of mullin 's voice . val be Pov : mullin , visible through the open outer hatch raise he gun , just as Val 's hud flash the stumper warning . ext . rear hatch kellogg be halfway out the hatch when -- two dozen stumper - the nasty , bird - like mechanical robot fly out of the open slot in the deck of the ship . ( continued ) 86 . they FIRE sharp , deadly laser beam at kellogg . mullin open up with he Z - 16 . the gun sling flaming plasma bolt into the swarm . ext . forward hatch jarrett and lester hurry through as they hud flash warning . there Pov : Little pop and flash of light zigzag across the rear deck of the ship as the wave of blue light advance towards they . jarrett oh God . they jump down the hatch and slam it shut as the blue light sweep over they . ext . rear hatch mullin blows a few stumper apart with he gun as kellogg try to make the hatch . but the stumper be too quick Three of they zero in on kellogg and -- shreed he body into ribbons before he know he 's hit . mullins ( scream ) no !! int . maintenance tunnel Val look through the window of the inner hatch . Inside the ship , alarm light be flash in the corridor . Val look back up at mullin . val ( yell ) mullin ! ! ext . rear hatch mullin fire one last burst into the attack stumper , then jump through the open hatch . the stumper swarm towards he and reach the outer hatch just as mullin pull it shut . int . maintenance tunnel Val sweat as he furiously work on the inner hatch lock jarrett ( 0.s . ) ( filter ) Val ! kellogg ! -- ( continued ) 87 . val kellogg 's go . mullin bounce off the wall as he reload he Z - 16 in the zero-gravity of the tunnel . int . rescue shaft jarrett and lester hurry towards another inner hatch . lester so much for surprise . int . maintenance tunnel the lock release with a thunk . Val look over he shoulder at mullin . mullin nod , reload and ready for business . Val open the hatch ... a tornado of atmosphere rush in . Val and mullin be buffeted by the turbulence as the tinny sound of loud alarm ride in on the violent air . the shaft pressurize . Val and mullin jump through the inner hatch into -- int . corridor - antenora a thick orange mist pump into the corridor as Val and mullin emerge from the hatch open . val E.T. dust ... bug spray . Val and mullin charge through the mist and stop at a junction . Val lean cautiously around and take a look . val ( cont ’d ) clear . they round the corner and continue at a fast jog when a door slide open ahead of they and -- four armed guard , wear gas mask and biohazard suit wield machine gun , spill out they start firing . Val and mullin level they Z - 16 . they each let a quick burst of plasma loose ... bolt decimate the guard and chew up big chunks of wall . tracers blast over Val 's shoulder . ( continued ) 88. he turn around and fire at three more guard behind they . mullin step over and shoot . the guard go down . more shot burst into the surround wall . mullin turn and exchange FIRE with a guard darting from behind a corner . they crack off a couple quick shot , then mullin aim he gun at the corner and shoot . the plasma bolt punch a hole through the wall and the guard be flung out from the other side , d.0o.a. Val and mullin hurry into -- int . elevator Val hit a button and the door close . val Fifteen . both man catch they breath and hold they gun at the door as the level click off they two-hundred - deck descent . 150...75 ... 25 . the elevator stop . the door open . Val and mullin shoot as they burst from the elevator into -- int . deck fifteen two men wear heavy , military - style body armor and helmet with mirrore visor , be ventilate by plasma bolt . they weapon clatter to the floor as they fall dead . Val and mullin run forward into more firing . they return shot . Val move off to he leave , climb up stair to a small platform , firing as he go . mullin crouch to he knee , rake the corridor with he gun . the corridor erupt in smoke and flame . Val pick off two man move up behind mullin then swivel he gun back down on the other . mullin stand and charge with he gun burning . the last man flop to the floor and the shoot stop . ( continued ) 89 . mullin go to the nearest dead man and kneel . the dead man be wear the heavy body armor . mullin look around at the other -- they be all wear it . mullins this guy be corporate ranger . int . rescue shaft jarrett look concerned . val ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) do you read that ? jarrett yeah . how many ? int . deck fifteen Val look very concerned . val look like a whole squad . mullin get back to he foot . he look unnerve . mullins ( to Val ) what be corporate ranger do on board a deep sky freighter ? Val do not have time to answer as -- four more soldier come around a corner . one soldier Drop you weapon ! Val and mullin freeze . two more soldier appear behind they , weapon draw . Val slowly lay down he Z - 16 . mullin do the same . another soldier on the floor ! Val start to crouch . mullin follow , but ... Val catch mullin 's eye on the way down -- and draw he sawed -off shotgun . ( continued ) 90 . he take out a soldier with a blast from he cannon . all hell break loose again as the other return FIRE . mullin roll and shoot down the two behind he . Val feed another he second shotgun barrel . mullin wheel around to finish the last one and get -- he foot blown off by a burp of machine gunfire . his suit depressurize as he go down scream in pain . mullins arrggoddd ! Val bifurcate the last soldier with he Z - 16 . mullin , scream , rip he helmet off and wind a tourniquet around the bleed stump where he foot be . int . rescue shaft jarrett and lester listen to the scream under Val 's voice . val ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) mullin be down . I think we get ‘em all -- lester then get it together , Val ! jarrett look at lester , surprised by she tone . int . deck fifteen Val listen . lester ( 0.s. ; cont 'd ) ( filter ) blow the com frame now ! we be take the bridge ! int . rescue shaft lester nail jarrett with a steely - eye glare . lester we be not drop this ball . lester open the inner hatch . 91 . int . deck fifteen Val drag the wounded mullin down the corridor . mullin try to hold he weapon ready as he hop on he good leg and grit he tooth against the pain . around a corner Val heave mullin to the wall and help he slump down . val cover we rear . mullin nod , adamant . grind he tooth against the pain . Val let he Z - 16 hang loose on its sling and draw he colt . he hurry deeper down the corridor and go to a BOX near a large yellow hatch . he key a code from memory . pull the handle . there be a loud buzz and the yellow hatch open . Val enter -- int . com mainframe the ship 's brain . a expansive room of thin , glisten panel of a cellophane - like substance . Val go straight to the control panel and start throw switch , lobotomize the ship -- there be movement . Val duck as a shot go off near he . he pop back up to see a lone crewman try to get off another Val raise the colt and bust off two shot . the man go down , clutching he arm and yelling in pain . the man lift he gun again , but Val unload into he . the man die . int . bridge corridor lester lead jarrett at a fast jog to the bridge hatchway . they peer through the window to see -- the unarmed ten-member crew on the other side , panic over they system failure and call for help over they com line . lester smack a clump of clay onto the hatch release . jarrett break off the wire ... ( continued ) 92 . as jarrett and lester cover up , jarrett glimpsis two corporate rangers move up behind they ... he whirl around and shoot they as the center of the hatch melt in a blind flash of hot liquid metal . lester uncover in time to see one corporate soldier emerge from the smolder hole . lester empties she machine gun into he . he go down . jarrett and lester race onto -- int . bridge - antenora the crew halt . several throw they hand in the air . the commander approach jarrett and lester , he hand up . commander show mercy on my crew and -- lester stick she gun against he head . lester shut it ! the Commander obey . lester ( cont 'd ) status , Val ? int . com mainframe Val throw one last switch . val disable complete . it 's all ours . bridge - antenora lester turn to jarrett , speak to Val . lester meet jarrett at the shuttle -- a crewman panic and bolt . lester spin like a top and shoot he down without a think . there be cry . jarrett look hard at lester , then to the Commander . jarrett follow my instruction and nobody else get hurt . 93 . int . deck fifteen mullin slump lower against the wall on a slow nod towards death . he stare straight ahead , he gun loose in he hand . int . com mainframe Val pull off he helmet , exhaust , take a breath and spot something across the room . it 's a pack of cigarettes , protrude from the pocket of a jumpsuit hang on the wall above a security station . Val go over , grab a cigarette and put it in he mouth then dig through the jumpsuit pocket for a light when something at the security station force he to look . it 's a flat monitor -- display a floor plan of the deck Fifteen corridor . Val and mullin appear at they respective location as small , glow , infrare shadow of themselves . Val touch a icon on the monitor . more floor plan be call up . the ship , grid-by-grid . Val stop on one show a single glow icon move down a corridor closely behind a group of ten more icons represent other people on board , namely -- int . that corridor jarrett herd the Commander and he eight remain crew forward . they stop at the seal hatch to the escape shuttle . jarrett Key it . the Commander turn to jarrett . commander I be afraid I can not -- jarrett punch he in the nose . jarrett you be no longer in command of this ship . Key the code and get everybody inside . commander please ... both of the large shuttle have to be activate from the bridge . ( more ) ( continued ) 94 . commander ( cont 'd ) we can not even open the door until that happen . jarrett do not believe it . com mainframe Val call up the bridge floor plan on the security monitor . jarrett ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) Bridge . we friend here say the shuttle 's not activate . confirm . it show a single glow icon hover at the helm . bridge - antenora lester stand near the helm . she look intently down at a panel of status light like she 's wait for something . jarrett ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) copy , bridge ? lester hear jarrett . but she do not move ... com mainframe - antenora Val continue to scan every deck on the monitor , but there be no more shadow to be see besides that of the dead soldier and crewmen lie still throughout the ship . jarrett ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) Bridge , I need a answer on that shuttle ... then Val call up one more floor plan ... and a single icon appear . this one be moving . running . val I have movement . foredeck , level eight . there 's someone else on the ship . they be in a hurry . bridge - antenora lester still at he announcement . lester headed which way ? 95 . com mainframe Val call up a wider plan which include the bridge . val straight for you , bridge . CUT to : jarrett his face tighten with worry . jarrett Bridge ?... CUT to : lester she have not move . but she 's look up from the console . lester com , give I the exact location . CUT to : val he watch the glow icon keep move . val two-hundred meter aft the forward bulkhead . suddenly another monitor blink to life . this one announce : outbound course setting re-routed Val look at it , baffle . val ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) qoutbound ?... I think this ship be on its way in . CUT to : jarrett really sweat now , worried about lester . ( continued ) 96 . jarrett seal the bulkhead door , lester ! CUT to : val drawn to the information on the new monitor . he call up more . the monitor reveal : destination : neptune space , triton dock -- canceled close on - val he 's rapt . then we see he flashback as it cut through he mind -- Vincent talk to lester back in the chop shop . vincent I hear something about a new prison out there , on triton . lester I try to stay away from prison . back on val , as he look over at the other monitor to see the run icon gain on the bridge . he touch another icon above the run shadow . jarrett ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) what 's go on , Val ?! the monitor go picture - in-picture : the smaller one start to retrace the shadow 's path backwards through the ship . lester ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) how close , com ? Val look at the run shadow on the larger picture . val fifty meter . you can take them down anytime . the shadow 's start point on the ship be locked on . the monitor blink : detention block a - deck fifteen . ( continued ) 97 . jarrett ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) who else be on this ship ? close on - val he watch the glow icon approach the bulkhead door . again , we see he flashback -- lester speak to he in the galley of the lightrail . lester some kind of prisoner transfer go on . they have seal the whole area . back on val . really close this time . his eye be swim as a horrible realization start to tick off in he head . CUT to : jarrett about to waste the commander for a answer . jarrett who else ?! commander the prisoner . jarrett 's catch off guard . jarrett what prisoner ? commander the man we be escort to triton penitentiary . he 's we only payload . jarrett what be you talk about ?! commander it be classified . some federal deal to keep it quiet . they do not want trouble . be not that why you be here ? to break he out ? close on - jarrett his eye open wide in realization -- 98 . close on - val it 's already hit he . like a wave . forward bulkhead - antenora from behind , we see a man run . he carry a pistol in he hand , he prisoner uniform be char and tear . his arm and knuckle be scrape and bruise . he glance back ... it 's tycho brae ! he hit a fire alarm button near the door . CUT to : jarrett fuele with rage , he forget the Commander and start to run back towards the bridge . jarrett lester , get outta there ! it 's a set - up ! CUT to : lester - on the bridge she look down at she finger ... it rest on a switch : forward bulkhead . she throw it . CUT to : jarrett he skid to a stop as a bulkhead door shut in he path . CUT to : val watch brae 's icon enter the bridge on the monitor . val he 's right on you , lester ! bridge - antenora lester pick up she gun and spin around to see the bruise and batter brae charge onto the bridge . ( continued ) 99 . they face each other down . then ... lester smile . CUT to : val his face fall . on the monitor , brae and lester 's icon have merged . close on - val he look up and we quickly see another flashback -- lester talk to he in he apartment . lester I have get plan of my own . back on val . slam with the full truth . val she fuck we , jarrett ! she fuck we both ! bridge - antenora lester and brae break off a raptor 's kiss . brae grin wide . tycho brae stellar , baby . truly stellar . CUT to : jarrett he pound on the seal door in anger jarrett brae !! bridge - antenora brae look up , address jarrett over the com line . brae I take you advice , jarrett . I pray . now it 's '' next time '' and I see you first . brae reach down and turn a key in a red switch . back in jarretta corridor ( continued ) 100 . Three quick alarm suddenly echo down the corridor . jarrett stop pound and look back at the Commander and he crew . they look about , frightened and horrified . crewmen they can not ! oh my God ! no ! jarrett what ? - - deck fifteen Val , helmet back on , go to mullin , slump dead against the wall with he eye wide open and he Z - 16 in he lap . Val spot mullin 's helmet , lie upside down next to he -- its visor flash the stumper warning . val' Pov : his own alarm short on , start flashing . val ( stunne ) not inside ... jarrett' corridor there be a buz sound . a swarm of stumper swoops through the corridor and descend on the crew . the crewmen scream as they be dice apart . jarrett raise he Z - 16 and fire . bolt of plasma pour into the writhe mass of stumper and die crewmen . jarrett Val !!! deck fifteen Val snatch up mullin 's customize Z - 16 and several fusion grenade off he belt . val on my way ! there be the buz sound . Val look up . a half -dozen stumper cruise straight down the corridor . they OPEN FIRE . ( continued ) 101 . Val duck as a laser blast strike . he lift the Z - 16 and unleashes a plasma STORM . attack stumper explore to piece . Val run for he life , spraying the corridor behind he with he Z - 16 as he go . he round a corner and kill several more stumper in front of he before he smack a lump of clay onto a hatch and break the wire . he cover up as the hatch blows apart , then run through the open , firing as he go . another corridor junction jarrett take cover . val ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) make the deck Fifteen junction ! jarrett fire on several stumper hover near a hatchway . they disintegrate . he go through the hatch into a -- a new corridor jarrett take only three step when -- a single stumper get the drop on he and fire . the laser slice across he upper chest and shoulder . oxygen burst from he suit as it depressurize . jarrett ahgg !!! jarrett blows the stumper apart on he way to the floor just as Val round the corner at a run . jarrett ( cont 'd ) behind ! -- Val spin to a crouch and shoot down two more stumper . then Val look at -- jarrett Fighting for breath , bleed everywhere , reloading he Z - 16 and look up at Val through bloodshot eye . ( continued ) 102 . jarrett ( cont 'd ) shit , Val , what a mess ... Val run forward and glance around the corner . he Pov : no fewer than twenty stumper be on they way . Val turn , frantically look around , spot something -- it 's a ladder , lead to a hatch mark : engine vent access . Val grab jarrett 's arm ... val come on ! ... and yank he to he foot . jarrett yell in pain . bridge - antenora brae turn to lester as jarrett 's scream come over the open com line . tycho brae be all the lifeboat down ? lester yes . new corridor jarrett lean against the wall , barely hold himself up . he look at the ladder to the engine vent . jarrett get out of here . val we gotta move , now ! jarrett I be dead , Val -- val do not give I that shit ! jarrett goddamnit , Val , I make the rule ! I be give you a order ! do not let they take we both down !! jarrett shake from the effort . ( continued ) 103 . val I screw up -- jarrett we both do -- val no . no , it 's my fault , I should have tell you about she , about I and she -- the buz SOUND of the approach stumper cut he off . but jarrett stare into he eye like he already know , grab Val 's hand with both of he , like a man truly realize the end be upon he , and stand tall one last time . jarrett weld beam again for a live do not look so bad from here ... jarrett pull away and raise he Z - 16 . Val nod , get up . run to the engine vent ladder and start climb , fast . jarrett turn around , take a deep breath , dig deep and charge around the corner ... around the corner jarrett run head on into the mass of attack stumper . jarrett suck on this , brae . he fire fully auto into the swarm machine . the corridor explode in laser strike and plasma bolt as they clash . engine vent access shaft Val climb fast up the ladder towards the hatch as jarrett 's loud scream fill he ear . jarrett ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) awwww ! ! - - the scream abruptly turn to static . then ... the buz SOUND . Val whip he Z - 16 down and fire as several stumper zoom into the bottom of the access shaft below he . stumper explode into shrapnel , laser hit pop all around val . ( continued ) 104 . Val keep firing as he hit the hatch release . the hatch irise OPEN -- val arrgggh ! Val disappear in a violent flash as he be -- sucked into the engine vent system . stumper slam against the hatch as it close they out bridge - antenora lester and brae listen as Val 's yelling abruptly cut out . they wait a moment . brae turn to she brae initialize countdown . int . vent system Val tumble wildly through the zero-gravity of the vent system , crashing into the side as he try to recover from he ride through the hatch . he snag a beam and stabilize himself , then look aft . the end of the shaft can not be see . Val swing back on the beam and push off , fly to the next beam and do the same . he accelerate with ease in the zero - gravity and quickly " crawl " aft bridge - antenora as lester ready the countdown , she glance at the bridge 's security monitor , show the same floor plan Val see . Val 's move shadow catch she attention . lester someone 's still alive . tycho brae where ? lester engine vent system . he 's head for the power plant . it 's val . ( continued ) 105 . tycho brae he will be burn up when we light lester grab she gun and pressure helmet ... lester he can get to it before then . tycho brae get to what ? lester the lifeboat . tycho brae you say they be all down . lester except the one in the engine room . it 's a separate pod , on its own power -- standard antimatter regulation . lester clamp on she helmet , activate she life support . tycho brae let the stumper do it ! lester load she gun , frustrated at brae 's ignorance . lester robo-weapon be not allow near antimatter container . tycho brae do he know that ? lester I hope not . lester run from the bridge . int . engine room a vast dim cavernous space . look like hade on a overcast day . Val fly out of the vent into the room . Three antimatter engine tower rise out of the darkness below he , tower to the top of the room like harbinger of industrial genocide . ( continued ) 106 . Far across the room , near the top , behind a small gangway , be the entrance to the escape lifeboat shuttle -- a small spaceship set flush into the wall of the antenora . close on - val he float steady , contemplate the lifeboat and he escape , but then turn he attention to the massive engine instead . engine vent system lester , fully pressurize , she gun sling over she shoulder hook a attachment on she suit to a slot in the vent above she . it click home . she tug at it once , then -- fire her boot thruster . she head aft at rocket speed . bridge - antenora brae adjust he com headset , slip behind the helm . tycho brae hello . Val ? tycho brae here . engine room Val cling to the bottom of one of the engine , dwarf by its scale , the room 's border dissolve into darkness . he look like a diver at the bottom of a cold deep lake . brae 's voice come through he com ... tycho brae ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) I be sorry it have to work out this way , Val , but you give I no choice ... Val ignore brae 's broadcast and attaches one of the -- fusion grenade to the base of the engine . tycho brae ( 0.s. ; cont 'd ) ( cont 'd ) ( filter ) I be go to let you in on the whole thing have jarrett accept , but I do not realize he blood be so bad for I . then when you say no , I really have to improvise . nothing like someone 's sense of loyalty to screw with you plan ... Val set the grenade timer to " 00 " and move on . 107 . engine vent system lester get closer to the engine room . tycho brae ( 0.s. ; cont 'd ) ( filter ) so I come up with something -- not money , not even glory -- but something so powerful that no man could ever turn it down ... bridge - antenora brae start to adjust the control to he position . tycho brae lester . brae smile to himself as he start flipping switch . tycho brae ( cont 'd ) I have be pull the string from the beginning : ander 's arrest , the phony rotor shuttle gig . I need to make sure you find yourselves ina truly desperate situation . and lester help get it do . she 's one of the last of the great wick witch , do not you think so , Val ? the bridge status monitor suddenly change to read : countdown discontinued -- reinstalled . engine room Val stick another grenade to the second engine and move on to the third . tycho brae they have I between prison and a hard place , Val . Val attaches he third grenade . tycho brae ( cont 'd ) but now I be a free man with a brand new ship carry fuel and provision to last eighty - five year ... which be a lot short than twenty in the slam , do not you think ? 108 . bridge - antenora brae seal the bridge hatches and navigational chart appear head up in front of he . tycho brae how be we do , lester ? engine room Val hit he thruster and head for the lifeboat gangway . he set the timer on he last grenade for " 00:15 " and load it into the launcher tube on the Z - 16 as he go . he approach the edge of the gangway and slow when -- lester rush out of nowhere to meet he . Val try to react , but get the butt of lester 's machine gun smashed into he visor . the Z-16 spiral out of he hand as he tumble away from the lifeboat . lester push off after he , level she machine gun and open FIRE -- but the recoil knock she reeling head over heel backwards . val stop he tumble and look up . he gun float way above , near the top of the engine room . Val fire he thruster and head for it . lester catch she fall and blast after Val . Val reach for he gun . lester collide with he . he do not make the grab . they both careen into the wall . lester pin he and grab for he kill switch . he dodge , then punch she in the helmet . the blow send they reeling until Val 's harness -- snag on the top of one of the antimatter engine tower . he try to use thrust to break free but lester swoops down on he and pull he kill switch . his thruster cut out , go . Val , frantic , look at lester as she reach for the oxygen hose into he helmet . ( continued ) 109 . lester do you really think even for a second that I might do it ? do you think I would go back to Earth with you ? Val 's face say " yes . " lester shake she head . lester ( cont 'd ) you be too easy , Val . both of you . you be too good to be a bad guy . she start to pull out the hose when a huge vibration rock the engine tower . lester forget all about the hose as the room begin to fill with a icy mist . the engine be powering up . lester ( cont 'd ) ( scream ) brae ! what be you do ?! bridge - antenora brae have he finger on the joystick . he 's ready to go . tycho brae nothing personal , Les , but loyalty be never my thing . engine room the giant vent opening close . lester freak out -- lester no !! -- just as Val get he arm free . he swat she away and yank himself clear of the engine tower . he give one glance back to see lester , panicked -- glance up at the lifeboat shuttle . Val do not hesitate ... he reach back and rip he oxygen hose out of he suit . point it down . the escape oxygen launch he up . lester chase . Val move fast , breathe out as he go . ( continued ) 110 . he snatch he gun then crash onto the lifeboat gangway . close on - val he hold he breath and hit the hatch release . it open immediately . light begin to flash as Val haul himself through the hatch and into the lifeboat he turn around to see lester land on the gangway as the whole engine room shake with massive vibration . lester look up at Val , terrify . lester ( cont 'd ) take I with you ! val level he Z - 16 at she and gulp a breath . val sorry ... I be not that good . he fire ! the fusion grenade leave the tube and smashes into lester like a supersonic hockey puck . she sail out across the engine room . the fusion grenade timer click to " 00:09 " . int . lifeboat shuttle Val yank a handle . the hatch seal . Val be slammed flat to the floor by the g-force of instant pressurization . he gulp air . tremendous vibration hit the lifeboat . Val strain against it to press the launch button . bridge - antenora brae yell . tycho brae firing engine !! ext . antenora the lifeboat spiral up and away at a fantastic speed . int . engine room lester burst into flame as the engine ignite . 111 . int . lifeboat shuttle Val be pin to the floor of the shuttle , he face rippling with the tremendous acceleration . he use all he strength to crane he neck back so he can see out the window . val be Pov : the antenora 's rocket port flare and the massive ship disappear in a thin crack of light . int . bridge - antenora brae watch the smear tunnel of light - speed light through the cockpit window . his face be gleeful . brae speed !!! the fusion grenade timer click over to " 00:00 " ext . interplanetary space the lifeboat shuttle soar upwards as a -- blinding multicolored wave of light split space like a thunderbolt from Zeus . int . lifeboat shuttle Val strain against the G 's to see the antenora go " supernova " three second and 558,000 mile away from he in space . val here 's to eternity . the light ripples across Val 's entire field of vision . then disappear . int . lifeboat shuttle - later quiet now . Val sit half - undress on the floor , bio -me sensor tape to he bare chest . he smoke a cigarette and stare listlessly out the window at the vast blackness of space . val - later still he lower himself into a sleep chamber and open a small vial of the same neon blue liquid he drank in the cestus Club . he sip it back and toss the vial out of the sleep chamber . close on - val' face as he drift off to sleep . ( continued ) 112. dissolve to black screen : we hear a loud , whistling sound . like a bomb fall . close on - val' face a thick , matte beard now cover it . he jolt awake and look around , alarmed . int . lifeboat shuttle the craft violently rock and shudder . the instrument panel , wet with condensation , SPARKS and smoke . Val look out the window to see only burning hot flame . the rocking grow increasingly violent . then suddenly -- it stop . all be calm as bright sunlight flood the shuttle . Val look out again . val' Pov : a large vast body of water be visible below . it be the pacific ocean . Val be rush towards earth . ext . lifeboat parachute break the lifeboat 's fall as it splashes down . ext . earth - south pacific ocean the small , char craft rock and pitch on the blue water support by a inflatable ring around its base . the hatch open and val climb out . he feel the air on he face . he breathes in a deep breath of sea-salt . there be nothing but water for as far as he can see . he squint at the horizon for a long time in complete and utter disbelief . then he smile . the lifeboat shuttle - from above Val stretch out across the top of the spaceship , light a cigarette , and lean back to catch the bright sunshine as he sail the Earth . fade out . the end