det second draft ( blue ) February 8 , 1988 deep 6 written by Lewis abernathy & geof Miller cunningham production , inc . lion 's Gate studios deep six ext . the ocean ~ day Light blue sky fill the screen . the camera pan lower revealing some thin cloud . finally the camera splashes below the surface of the water and continue to descend . hundred of bubbles rise past as the camera swim lazily through azure seas sparkling with sunlight and teeming with brightly color tropical fish . the bubbles swirl past as we dive down , the water turn paler , the fish become duller and more scarce . a large shark swim past we , on the prowl . deeper and deeper we dive . soon the water be black as night . only the faintest sliver of light penetrate down here , and then quickly flicker and die . large shadowy creature of the ultra-deep haunt the edge of we vision . strange luminescent fish with long pointy tooth dart past . the sea bottom draw near , a flat plain scar by a enormous impact crater , mile in diameter . we glide over the outer wall , the crater floor loom beneath we . on the bottom , a faint light glimmer . it be a undersea station , a series of five cylinder link by a central hub . it look like a giant starfish rest quietly on the ocean floor . several hundred yard beyond the station , the faint light of the bio-lab can be see . this be where all the genetics research be do . super title : 2 deep six : deepstar 6 depth : 6 mile personnel : 2 officer 4 scientist 4 technical support purpose : genetics research there be bold marking on the side of the docking bay : deepsea training and research station # 6 int . galley Breakfast . nine people be seat in the galley . nobody be talk , only the sound of clanking dishware . . dr . abernathy glance across at dr . jerkin . jerkin be late fourty , high strung . his eye be a little red and a little swollen . he have the appearance of someone who be not sleep well at night . abernathy take out a small harmonica from he breast pocket . jerkin freeze in mid-bite at the sight of the harmonica . abernathy take he hankerchief , polish the harmonica . he tap it in he palm , break the reed free . abernathy put the harmonica to he lip and and be about to blow ... jerkin start to say something ... 2-draft .... when abernathy slip the harmonica back into he pocket . in some way , he ‘has be teasing jerkin . diane norris M.D. have see -this . she do not find it at all amusing . drew pierce take a seat at the other end of the table with three of he fellow " support group " , jame richardson ( diver ) , tony snyder ( Communications ) , and joyce collin ( diver ) . there be already a plate of food at he place . pierce good morning , camper . ( look down at he plate ) . I think we be out of oatmeal . collin that 's egg ... pierce gingerly shove they around on he plate , then look up at Richardson , who be read a fax letter write in a childish scrawl . pierce what have you get there , Ace ? richardson letter from Julie . collin check it out ... Collins hold up a fax of a picture draw in crayon -- it 's a stick figure man in a dive suit adjacent to a house under the water . all around be brightly color tree , flower and fish . the caption at the top read : my daddy at work pierce lean over to get a-look . pierce hey , that 's pretty good ... richardson well , it be not rembrandt , pal ... but to I it 's priceless . deep six : 2- draft collin be not that sweet ? richardson I tell she it be beautiful down here . with flower and tree ... Snyder start laugh , he mouth gorge with food . snyder whata buncha shit ... collin must be nice to have a family wait for you ... this be a conversation they have have a thousand time , only this time pierce give Collins a strange look . richardson after six month , it 's the only thing that keep I go . pierce I could go another six month ... as long as they keep lay on that " extra- duty pay " . collin come on , admit it , pierce . would not - you like to have a rug-rat of you own wait for you when you go topside ? but pierce be busy look at he watch . pierce better get the egghead to work . ( stand up , call to the other end of the table ) let 's go ! the bus for the fish factory leave in five minute ! valdez , craven , abernathy , and jerkin get up , shuffle towards the hatch . Collins and Richardson also rise . Snyder grab Richardson 's arm as he start to leave . deep six : 2- draft snyder ( almost whisper ) do ya get they ? richardson yeah , I get ’em . you gonna fax my letter to Julie this morning ? snyder you bet . first thing . Richardson glance around the galley to make sure no one be watch , then dig into he pocket . he palm Snyder a small bottle of pill . pierce if norris find out where you get this , you be dead meat , pal . snyder she will not ... thanks , man . I owe you one . richardson ( somewhat disgust ) yeah , yeah . snyder hey , I just use they to help I to sleep , you know ? Christ , what do you think I be ? a fuck junkie ? he give Snyder a scrutinz stare , then exit the galley . as soon as he be go , Snyder open the bottle and pop two of the pill . snyder ( continue - to himself ) asshole . 3 int . docking BAY as pierce lead the other into the dsrv , he pierce start to sing . pierce hi-ho , hi-ho ! it 's off to work we go ! come on , egghead ... sing along ! deep six : 2-draft the scientist start to sing , half - heartedly along with pierce . pierce / other hi-ho , hi-ho ! it 's off to work we go ! ( some funny verse in here ) the scientist start to file into the minisub . Laidlaw stand by the airlock , shrugging into he " wooly " -- insulate coverall . norris walk up behind hin . norris can I have a word with you , Captain ? laidlaw can it wait until I get back from the lab ? norris it ’1ll only take a minute . Laidlaw sigh , nodd he head . 4 int . medical BAY norris enter the medical bay follow by Laidlaw , she close the hatch after he be in . norris have you make a decision about rotation yet ? Laidlaw lean against the bulkhead , sip he coffee . laidlaw no. valdez say they be on the verge of a major breakthrough . he just need a few more day ... norris valdez have be say that for week now . he 's part of the problem ... he 's push too hard . ( then ) I think we should rotate the whole science team out . deep six : 2-draft laidlaw what 's another week ? norris to a veteran like you ... nothing . but this man be not navy , they be scientist . they have be trap ina can at the bottom of the ocean for more than six month now . they need a break . ( beat ) I do not want to go over you head on this ... laidlaw ( shrug ) look , Doctor ... it 's you call ... norris I be tell you ... I be worried about they . Laidlaw take a moment to think . laidlaw tell you what ... why do not we review this request on a case by case basis ? norris Fine . here 's a list ... laidlaw ( read over the list ) why do you want to transfer Collins ? norris ( simply ) she 's pregnant . laidlaw do he know ? norris of course she know , she ask I to run the ... laidlaw I say , do he know . do pierce know ? norris she do not want to tell he . deep six : 2-draft laidlaw ( surprised ) why not ? ° norris I do not know . he 's not my friend . Laidlaw be cut off by the videocom buzzer . he cross to the panel and punch the xmit switch . laidlaw ( into videocom ) Laidlaw ... pierce 's face blink on the tiny monitor . pierce ( filter ) we be ready to pull out , Captain . laidlaw I be on my way . ( to norris ) let 's talk about this when I get back . norris I 'il be here . ccut to : 5 int . docking BAY / maintenance - moment later Laidlaw enter the hatch to the dsrv . 6 int . dsrv Laidlaw crawl into the mini-sub . it 's very cramped . pierce be in the pilot 's seat in the con tower , don a headset . he start flipping switch , hum quietly to himself . Collins sit directly beneath pierce , surround by video monitor , sonar equipment , recorder , etc . to she leave be the cluster of forward view port . they be cover to protect they from scratch . deep six : 2-draft in the passenger section in back , drs. valdez , craven , abernathy , and jerkin be already strapped in . Laidlaw take he seat next to Collins , activate he monitor . Three screen label : port forward starbd flicker to life . pierce call down to Richardson . pierce Close we up . Richardson close the hatch , sealing they in . pierce work more control , we hear a loud whirr , then a metallic thud . the dsrv start to sway back and forth as it drift free of the deepstar . pierce break from he hum into a song . pierce «++ so we sail on to the sun , ' till we find a sea of green ... laidlaw oh , God please . not again . pierce ( start to sing much louder ) - -+- and we live beneath the wave in a yellow submarine ! in back , we can hear abernathy join in on harmonica . 7 ext . dsrv as pierce sing and abernathy plays , the minisub sail across the vast crater to the dim light of the not-too-distant bio - lab . cuT to : 8 int . dsrv deep six : 2-draft 9 10 11 deep six : close on a display screen -- the Advanced seafloor profile sonar -- asip -- a grid of green line that outline the contour of the seafloor , slowly march towards we , like a animated 3 - D geodetic survey map . laidlaw contact in five-hundred meter and close . Laidlaw concentrate on the constantly shifting sonar display . laidlaw two hundred meter . pierce back off on the throttle , the engine whining down as he hit the navigation light . ext . dsrv two powerful work light blaze to life on the minisub , they beam scattered by suspend particle in the water . ahead , the shadowy form of the bio-lab loom up . int . dsrv on the asip , the computer graphic image of the bio-lab nearly fill the screen . a animated overlay give docking instruction to pierce . laidlaw ( continue ) fifty meter ... forty ... pierce keep one eye out the viewport and one eye on he instrument as he carefully maneuver the minisub alongside the station . laidlaw ( continue ) ..- thirty ...twenty ...ten ... ext . bio - lab - docking BAY the minisub slip slowly into place next to the docking ring . 2-draft 10 12 13 14 15 16 17 deep six : 11 int . dsrv 1 the dsrv mate to the docking ring with a reverberate clang . Laidlaw press the airlock purge switch and we hear the roar of compress air . int . airlock - same time 1 the compress air purge the airlock free of water . int . bio - lab - docking BAY 1 everybody leave the sub . int . control room 1 valdez and craven turn on monitoring equipment while Collins hit the light . through the glass wall of the control room , the bio-lab light flicker on , revealing the vast experimental laboratory . abernathy and jerkin , zipping up they sterile suit , step into the " hot BOX " . int . the hot BOX - continous action 1 the " hot box " be the long narrow corridor for disinfect person enter or leave the bio lab . at either end there be two small pressure door , set high off the deck . abernathy and jerkin move silently through the " hot box " . neither speak or look at the other . int . control room 1 Laidlaw and valdez watch through the control room window as abernathy and jerkin go to work , set up the day 's experiment . 2-draft 18 deep six : laidlaw how close be you , John ? valdez any day now we should have a breakthrough . laidlaw norris be put a lot of pressure on I to rotate you team out . valdez you can not let she do that , Captain . laidlaw she 's threaten to go over my head . valdez all I need be a few more day . laidlaw I can not run interference for you much longer . let 's go , pierce . pierce and Laidlaw head for the docking bay . int . bio lab ~ docking BAY pierce and Laidlaw be crossing the docking bay , head back for the minisub . laidlaw look , I do not like but into other people 's problem ... pierce uh , oh . be this a Captain / sailor or Father / Son talk ? laidlaw more like nosey fuck to dickhead . pierce " ahhh " in recognition . 2-draft 12 13 laidlaw ( continue ) it seem to I that you have something nice go with Collins and then you just let it die . Collins be great gal and she 's crazy about you , so I ask myself " why be pierce act like a asshole ? " pierce scowl . pierce it do not work out ... so what ? happens everyday . laidlaw do not you think you owe she a explaination ? pierce what 's there to explain ? laidlaw Drew , I be there when you get marry , I be there when she die , I be there when you put she in the ground . I know how much you love she , but you can not let Kathy 's death hold up the rest of you life . you have get to get on with ... pierce ( cut he off ) okay , you have speak you piece . thank you very much . pierce start to leave . laidlaw want some advice ? . pierce no. laidlaw tough , here it come anyway ... give the thing with Collins another chance . pierce be that a order ? deep six : 2-draft 14 laidlaw no , it 's just advice ... good advice . just then , craven enter the docking bay from the control room . craven Captain , you better come quick ... it 's jerkin ! 19 int . control room - moment later craven , Laidlaw , and pierce re-enter the control room . valdez and Collins watch jerkin storm around the bio-lab through the window . laidlaw okay John , what 's the problem ? valdez it 's jerkin ... he 's trap Dr. abernathy in the dive well and lock we out of the lab . he say he will not come out until he get to talk to you . laidlaw ( to Collins ) can you get into the lab ? collin . he 's pressurize the hatch . we can cut through it , but it 's 1ll take time . - laidlaw let I talk to hin . Laidlaw press the intercom button . laidlaw robby . this be Captain Laidlaw . jerkin Captain ! I want to go home right now ! if you do not send I home right now I be go to flood the airlock and kill that noisy fat bastard ! laidlaw just settle down , robby . Dr. norris have already tell I you want to go home and I have be work on that . deep six : 2-draft 20 deep six : jerkin norris say I could go home a month ago ! laidlaw I know , Rob . I know . and we be go to send you home ... valdez ( into intercom ) all I be ask for be a few more day ... jerkin I want to go right now !!! I be sick of this place ! I be sick of this stupid experiment ! and I be sick and fuck tired of abernathy and that stupid fucking harmonica !!! laidlaw okay , Rob ! okay ! ( to valdez ) John , just butt out a second ... Collins , patch I into the airlock . jerkin no ! nobody talk to he ! not until he promise not to play that .... thing ! laidlaw I just want to make sure he 's okay , Rob . let I do that , okay ... just let I make sure he 's okay . ( to Collins ) tie in the airlock . Collins flip some switch . angle on the monitor as the airlock camera flicker to life . abernathy lean against the airlock wall . laidlaw Eddie , be you okay ? abernathy nothing a good meal and a loose woman would not cure . 2-draft 15 16 laidlaw hang on . we be go to get you out of there as soon as possible . jerkin not until he get rid of that stupid fucking harmonica !!! for six fuck month that 's all I hear ! Mary hada little lamb , little lamb , little lamb ! Jesus Christ , learn a new fucking song !!! abernathy ( mock serious ) it help I relax . Laidlaw roll he eye . he fight to control he temper in deal with this " man of science " . laidlaw Dr. abernathy , I want you to promise not to play you harmonica in front of Dr. jerkin , okay ? . abernathy : yeah , sure . I just think he be 'a music lover . laidlaw now Dr. jerkin , how about let Dr. abernathy out of the airlock . he 's promise not to bother you with he harmonica anymore . okay ? jerkin I want to go home . how many time do I have to tell you ? laidlaw I tell you ... we be work on it . abernathy rake he lip across the harmonica , screeching up and down the scale several time in quick successsion . jerkin ( filter ) goddammit ! there he go again !! I be go to kill that son of a bitch !!! deep six : 2-draft 17 abernathy snicker . he know this make jerkin nut and delight in it like a schoolboy . abernathy sorry . I have to relieve some stress . jerkin stress ! I x11 show you stress , you fat fuck ! jerkin flip the flood switch " on " and " off " quickly . 21 int . bio - lab - airlock several gallon of frigid seawater splash down on abernathy . he scream . 22 int . deepstar 3 - communications jerkin how do you like that stress , asshole ?!! laidlaw jerkin ! jerkin I want to go home ! valdez reach over and press the mute button on the intercom . he turn to Laidlaw . valdez Captain , we have to get he out of there before he do something stupid . if he harm that specimen , we could lose week of hard work . laidlaw what do you want I to do , John ? all I can do be try to talk he into come out . valdez let I talk to he . Laidlaw think about this for a long moment . deep six : 2-draft 23 deep six : through the window , jerkin have be shouting and wave he arm . suddenly , he throw something at the window where it bounce off with a loud bonk . laidlaw ( to valdez ) okay ... you try . valdez switch the speaker back on . jerkin .-- isten to I ?!! valdez yes , jerkin ... we be still listen . int . bio lab valdez try to reason with jerkin , he voice booming over the intercom . valdez derkin , nobody have ask you to compromise anything here . you be part of the scientific elite and we be on the verge of a new age . - jerkin what a bunch of bullshit ! valdez the life we be create now will help mankind tame the underwater frontier . just like we forefather use the ox and the dog ... jerkin what ? like this thing ? jerkin plunge he hand deep into one of the smaller specimen tank , pull out a small , disqusting - looki sea creature . the t! ig screech iondiy , thrashing about_in jerkin 's hand . jerkin ( continue ) what the fuck be this thing ? be ita dog ? noooo ! be it a ox ? noooo ! what be it ?!! no one know ! we bre just building this thing for the hell of it !! 2-draft 18 24 deep six : jerkin shake the sea creature at the monitor , it screech again as he grip tighten . jerkin ( continue ) and what about 1138 ?!! what good be that thing to anyone ? he gesture to a large cryogenic chamber , freeze vapor trail off its side . a large red sign on the door read : danger : hostile live specimen do not OPEN valdez 1138 be a mistake , I admit that . but ... jerkin they be all mistake ! valdez mistake be important step in the scientific process ... jerkin no !! we do not know what we be do !!! can not you see that ?!! be you blind ?!! just at that moment , Dr. abernathy start up with a chorus of " Mary have a little lamb . " jerkin go beserk . jerkin ( scream into the airlock ) goddamnit !!! and with that , jerkin heave the squealing sea creature in the direction of the airlock . it hit the control panel , where it crash against the purge button with a loud splat ! surge sutton with a ioud splat . int . bio lab - dive well hundred of gallon of water rush into the dive well , instantly immersing Dr. abernathy . 2-draft 19 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 deep six : 20 int . control room - same instant Laidlaw , Collins , and pierce watch helplessly . pierce Holy shit ... int . bio lab - dive well abernathy struggle , drown in the swirl frigid water . with a deafen woosh of compress air , the dive well purge . . ext . bio lab - dive well the airlock door open , flush Dr. abernathy to the sea . int . bio lab - , control room valdez 's jaw drop to the floor . craven gasp and make the sign of the cross . int . bio lab jerkin stare at the airlock control panel with a blank expression . his mind can not comprehend what have just happen . int . contol room Laidlaw be the first to get over the shock . he turn to Collins and pierce . laidlaw okay , get he out of there . cuT to : int . bio lab - the hot BOX - moment later Collins and pierce carry in heavy welding equipment from the docking bay . 2-draft 32 33 34 35 deep six : Collins drop down by the seal hatch next to the bio lab and fire up the cut nozzle , tuning it to a bright blue flame . she flip down she welding mask and start to cut the hatch . camera follows pierce as she head back down the corridor . int . bio lab - control room as pierce enter , valdez , craven , and Laidlaw watch jerkin in the bio-lab through the window . laidlaw be she cut through the hatch ? pierce yeah , figure about five minute . through the window , jerkin be strangely silent . he shuffles around the room aimlessly . in he arm he cradle another of the bio - engineered creature , s$ ing it gently . int . hot BOX Collins cut through the hatch . int . control room Laidlaw punch the intercom button . laidlaw ( into videocom ) Collins , be you through that hatch yet ? int . hot BOX Collins shout at the videocom , not bother to look up from she work . collin negative . two more minute . 2-draft 21 36 37 38 39 deep six : int . control room laidlaw ( into videocom ) step on it . : ( to craven ) do we have something to knock he out when she cut through ? craven ( nodd ) sodium pentathol . laidlaw get it ready . Laidlaw then turn to pierce . laidlaw ( continue ) get a couple of shotgun out of the sub . pierce you have get to be kid ... laidlaw just do it ! pierce exit , shaking he head . int . bio lab - same time hisss !}!! -- jerkin spin to see spark cascade from the hatch where Collins be cut through . a trap , haunt expression creep over he face . he cross the lab to the cryogenic chamber mark " 1138 " , int . hot BOX Collins cut through the last few inch of hatch . int . control room Dr. craven draw several cc 's of sodium pentathol into a syringe . 2-draft 22 40 41 deep six : 23 int . bio lab the heavy metal hatch fall through , hit the deck with a loud clang ! jerkin twist the large , red handle to " OPEN " . foul-smelling green water spew out from around the side of the chamber door . angle on valdez - ecu valdez nooooo00 ! as he screan in frustration and terror we : ccut to : int . docking BAY - same instant pierce be jogging back to control room with two shotgun when suddenly , the light go out . pierce stumble in the dark , crashing to the deck . pierce son-of-a-bitch ... then the harsh red emergency light flicker on . pierce get to he foot , move to the control roon door . he try to open it . nothing . pierce open the door 's emergency access panel and pull down on a handle . there be a hiss of compress air escape , but the door do not move . crouch down next to the hatch , pierce get a handhold on the hatch and strain to lift it . the door slowly grind open , but it 's clear it will not stay that way on its own . pierce peer through the ever widen slit in the door , while on the other side ... 2-draft 42 deep six : 24 ... Dr. valdez and Laidlaw peer back . int . bio - lab - control room - continous action Laidlaw and valdez be pull up on the hatch , Dr. craven stand behind then . as soon as the hatch be high enough , pierce prop it open with he shotgun and step inside . pierce what the hell be go on ? valdez jerkin open 1138 ... I hear he scream ... and then the light go out . then the door close and seal . pierce they do that automatically when the power die . ( then ) where 's Collins ? craven she be in the bio-lab ... with jerkin . pierce dash for the hatch to the " hot box " . he pull down the manual handle and spin the undogge wheel . Laidlaw point to the red light blink over the door . laidlaw you have get a fire in there . craven do not go in ! he yank the hatch open . smoke roll . he peer into the hot box . pierce light be out in there ... pierce grab a EBS unit and a handlight off the wall and step inside . 2-draft 43 deep six : Laidlaw curse , pull the second shotgun from the hatch -- it close -- grab a EBS and follow pierce . int . bio - lab - hot BOX pierce step down into about two foot of water , he flashlight stabbing through the thick smoke that fill the " hot box " . as he start wading through the knee - deep water , Laidlaw come up behind he . laidlaw goddamn it ! you have compromise the whole station . there 's procedure for deal with ... pierce piss on procedure . they look at each other , then Laidlaw shrug as if to say " what the fuck " and hand pierce a shotgun . pierce ( continue - over he shoulder to valdez ) Dr. valdez , what the fuck do this 1138 look like ? valdez well , it 's a segment exoskeltoid , roughly symmetrical ... pierce ( cut he off ) I mean ... do it have tooth or what ? valdez oh ...yes . several thousand very sharp tooth . laidlaw ( under he breath ) you have to ask . suddenly , pierce freeze as he flashlight beam pick up something float in the water . 2-draft 25 44 deep six : angle on jerkin goo pierce 's beam play over_a_ large clump of blood and goo , come to rest on a face recognizable only by the break pair of glass that hang near the end . laidlaw what the hell be that ? pierce it 's Dr. jerkin ... I think . as pierce look up a_black writhing shape suddenly hurl itself at he fac : pierce and Laidlaw shout in fear , staggering back . boom ! boom ! boom ! they both fire at the shape , blast it down into the water . the gunshot echo through the small corridor for a moment as valdez yell : valdez do you get it ? pierce ( grin ) yeah , I think I kill it . pierce prod the thing carefully with he shotgun , then pick up the riddled body of a creature , shine he light on it . valdez peer down from the hatch , take one look , and : valdez no , that 's 1257 . it can not hurt you . pierce toss the ugly motherfucker back in the water . pierce goddamn right . he and Laidlaw ease through the cut - out hatch into the bio-lab . 2-draft 26 27 -45 int . bio lab pierce sweep he flashlight across the lab , cut through the sprinkler system 's rainy drizzle . one side of the lab be burn , cover in a blanket of foam . some of the specimen tank be break open , other have be blacken from the smoke . we hear : zzzzzzt ! pow ! crackle . the flashlight beam follow the noise , come to rest on the power control bus . it have be smashed . spark still arc from the loose wire . insulation still burn . laidlaw here 's the cause of the fire . pierce yeah . look like something smashed into it . he look over the control panel , find the emergency battery switch , and flip it on . . harsh red emergency light flicker on , give they a better view . they search the lab . pierce Collins ? Collins ... there be no sign of she . laidlaw pierce ... pierce yeah ... laidlaw I be sorry , pierce . a beat as Laidlaw look for something else to say . he look around . deep six : 2-draft 28 laidlaw ( sigh ) norris be right ... Christ , what a mess . I better go call topside ... tell they we have a problen . he look at pierce . laidlaw ( continue ) you okay ? pierce Fine . laidlaw okay , .. stay sharp . Laidlaw turn and leave the lab . pierce watch he go . he lean up against one of the larger plex specimen container , the back of he shirt wiping away some of the foam and carbon . 46 angle on collin in the specimen tank , breathe off a EBS unit . she look out . 47 angle on pierce totally unaware that Collins be right behind hin . suddenly a loud thumping on the tank propel he to he foot , shotgun up and ready as he spin . he see Collins and can not believe it . setting the shotgun down he climb up on top of the tank . 48 back to scene pierce reach into the tank and grab Collins 's wrist and pull she up . she grin , they eye lock . collin Nice timing . my EBS unit be almost empty . deep six : 2-draft 49 50 51 deep six : pierce soften , a wave of relief rush over he face . he hold she gaze for a moment , it look like they might embrace . then pierce break the spell ... pierce do not mention it . int . bio - lab - control room Laidlaw sit at the computer console , type in a communication to the surface . angle on monitor deepstar command - priority one from cpt . laidlaw have possible contamination - ds6 request procedure - escaped lab specimen Laidlaw press the send button and sit back . a second later , the monitor type back : ///message recieved /// ///standby /// there be a long pause . then : ///cpt . laidlaw - priority one /// ///¥rom deepstar command / // /// advise sterilization - ds6 /// /// directive 7- 12 in effect /// back to scene valdez what be directive 7 - 12 ? Laidlaw scratch he head . laidlaw I be not sure . look like some plan for deal with escape lab specimen . 2-draft 29 52 53 deep six : angle on the monitor as Laidlaw type . deepstar command - priority one from cpt . laidlaw request clarification directive 7- 12 there be another pause as Laidlaw wait for a reply . suddenly , the monitor go blank . laidlaw look like we be on we own , int . bio lab Collins and pierce be rework the power bus control panel . collin _ that thing smashed the shit out of main junction . some of the standby circut be still good ... will not hold a full load . pierce . it 'il be enough until topside can get a repair team down here . collin you think we be go home ? pierce yeah , sure . as ' soon as we find this 11l - whatever and put it back in it 's cage . Collins face turn ashen . collin ( worried ) do not you kill it ? pierce no ... have not see it . do not even know what it look like . 2-draft 30 54 55 deep six : 31 collin you mean it 's still loose ... Collins stop work as horrible realization crawl over she . she rotate she head around slowly as pierce continue to work . collin p.o.v . as she pan around the bio-lab look for ... angle on ripple -.-a small black thing rest quietly just below the surface of the water it could be anything it of debris ... anything . coll in freeze . a pierce start to say something to Collins when he notice she be stand perfectly still . Collins quietly point in the direction of the little ripple . pierce stare hard at the spot for a long moment . it move , pierce turn back to Collins , mouth a question without make a sound . pierce ( only move lip ) be that it ? Collins nod . pierce look back to the specimen tank where he have set down he shotgun . he have never make it . pierce toss he thumb behind he back . pierce ( only move lip ) let 's get the fuck out of here . 2-draft 56 57 58 59 60 deep six : 32 Collins nod again . she carefully shift she foot , angle she body towards the exit . she and pierce take a careful step towards the door . the thing beneath the water turn sharply . collin ( harsh whisper ) it 's on to we ... pierce go ! Collins : and pierce highstep through the water , move quickly for the " hot box " . the thing beneath the surface take off , move quickly in they direction . int . hot BOX - continous action 5 pierce and Collins doubletime through the " hot box " , splash through the water as they go . angle on the ripple , 5 as it move into the " hot box " , bear down on they . back to scene 5 pierce stumble slightly and Collins pull he along , neither one of they bother to look back . and it 's a good thing because the ripple be pick up _speed ... move in for the kill . int . control room 5 first Collins then pierce jump through the hatch . angle on hatch 6 as the ripple swim right up to the hatchway , pierce 's hand hit the close button . 2-draft suddenly , something large and black break the surface just_as the hatch door slam shut . wham !!! the hatch reverberate as 1138 slam against it . 61 back to scene Laidlaw , craven , and valdez be a little surprised to see Collins but before they can say anything : wham ! wham ! wham !!! laidlaw can it get through the hatch ? valdez it will eventually . 62 angle on hatch wham !!! this blow put a dent in the hatch . 63 back to scene pierce ( out of breath ) let 's get ... while the ... gettin 's good . laidlaw saddle up . 64 angle on hatch wham !!! the hatch be bend in more . 65 back to scene pierce do not need any further incentive . he rush to the docking bay hatch . deep six : 2-draft 66 67 68 69 deep six : he begin to lift , the other join hin . angle on hatch wham !!! the hatch warp from the blow , retain bolt squeal as they be pull from the bulkhead . back to scene as they pull up the door , but there 's too many cook , someone 's hand slip and door crash back down . pierce shit! angle on hatch wham !!! the " hot box " hatch be push out from the side . back to scene as Laidlaw turn to valdez and craven . laidlaw give we some room ! ( to pierce and Collins ) on three ...one ... wham !!! laidlaw ( continue ) o+etwo ... wham !!! laidlaw ( continue ) ... three ! they heave , force the hatch up with a sicken screech . 2-draft 34 70 71 72 73 deep six : 35 Laidlaw motion craven and valdez through . angle on hatch wham !!! the " hot box " hatch crack . back to scene as Collins , pierce , and finally Laidlaw move through the hatch as the other hold it open . the docking bay hatch slam back down ... angle on hatch wham !!! -.- just as the " hot box " hatch fall to the deck with a clang ! Water rush into the control room . '' int . bio - lab - docking BAY airlock - continous action Laidlaw look back when he hear the hot box hatch fall , he 's amaze at 1138 's strength . valdez and craven be the first into the airlock , follow by Collins , then pierce . Laidlaw bring up the rear ... .-.- accidentally bump the shotgun , knock it down . + the hatch crash down on Laidlaw 's back . he scream . pierce and Collins rush back to he , try to lift the hatch , but with Laidlaw wedge in the hatchway , they can not get enough leverage . wham !!! 1138 be beginning to work on the next hatch . pierce and Collins heave against the airlock hatch . Laidlaw groan , blood run from the corner of he mouth . 2-draft 74 angle on control room hatch the control room hatch be bend from 1138 's successive blow . 75 back to scene Laidlaw can hear 1138 batter he way through the control room hatch . he try to push pierce away . laidlaw forget it !' my back be break ! pierce no way ! collin ( strain ) lift ! laidlaw pierce ! that thing 's go to break through any second ! save yourselves ! get out of here ! that 's a order ! pierce ( pull on the hatch with all he might ) shut up ! 76 angle on the control room hatch wham !!! the bottom of the control room hatch punch from the sill , rivet fly . 77 back to scene pierce strain , frantic now . Laidlaw cough violently , pierce glance down . a look pass between they and pierce suddenly realize ... pierce no!tiit ! deep six : 2-draft 37 pierce dive for the Laidlaw 's arm , but too late -- Laidlaw punch the flood switch on the airlock control . woosh ! sea-water start to pour into the airlock . pierce shit !!! he pound the airlock control , try to shut off the flood , but it will not respond . he spin to the hatch , haul on it with all he might , water cascade over he . Water pour into the minisub . pierce keep try to lift the hatch . Collins grab he arn . collin let 's go ! pierce no ! Water splashes over Laidlaw 's head . collin you can not help he ! Collins drag pierce back into the minisub , slamming the hatch tight . 78 int . dsrv - continuous action as pierce listen in anguish to the water as it fill the airlock . Collins move to the main control panel , grim . collin we have get to pump this water out . pierce , start the engine . close on pierce -- blank . in he mind he can hear Laidlaw die on the other side of the fuck hatch . deep six : 2 - draft os 79 80 a 81 — deep six : 38 collin pi ' ( continue ; sharply ) erce . pierce move to the pilot 's seat , fire up the engine , numb . Collins start the pump , look up at pierce -- he still can not believe what just happen . he suddenly , violently pull the release lever . ext . ocean as the minisub detach from the bio-lab airlock . it hang motionless , then suddenly surge away . int . dsrv pierce power the sub away from the lab . valdez and craven grab for hand - hold as the sub lurch forward . pierce , look out the viewport at the airlock . Collins watch he . collin there be nothing you could do . pierce he be my friend ! he deserve better than to die like that ! then ... pierce fuck it ... he jam on the throttle . ext . dsrv as it sail for the distant deepstar 6 . CUT to : 2-draft 82 deep six : int . deepstar 6 - docking BAY Richardson be stack case of equipment and luggage by the docking bay airlock when he hear the sound of the the dsrv arrive . Richardson punch the videocom . richardson ( into videocom ) they be back . norris ( filter - 0.s. ) on my way . the airlock hatch open with a loud hiss . valdez and craven climb out , follow by pierce and Collins . norris enter the docking bay . she look at the other . they stare back , limp . emotionless . norris look for the right word . there be none . finally : norris ( to everybody ) get you gear together ... we be go home . valdez when do the order come down ? norris it have not yet . Snyder 's call topside with a request for extraction right now . but I want to be ready to _ start decompression the moment the order come . craven great . the sooner we get out of here , the better . and with that , pierce exit the docking bay . 2-draft 39 83 int . communications Snyder be type in a message on the keyboard , a exasperate look on he face . snyer know he shit about communication and computer . right now : though , he be not make much progress . pierce glance at he on he way to he quarter . pierce what do topside say about Laidlaw ? Snyder throw up he hand be disgust . - snyder they have not ' say 's anything . I keep send a signal but all I get back be this bullshit ! he gesture to the monitor . — 84 angle on monitor /// directive 7 - 12 in effect / // 85 back to scene pierce be puzzle . pierce what the fuck do that mean ? snyder beat I . pierce try it again . Snyder 's finger fly across the keyboard as he type in a message then press the send button . 86 angle on monitor /// directive 7 - 12 in effect / / / — deep six : 2-draft 41 87 back to scene Snyder look up at pierce . snyder see ? pierce something 's fuck up somewhere ... snyder I check all the ... ( hear something on he headset ) ..- hang on . Snyder cock he head , quickly adjust the volume on he headset . snyder ( continue ) sonar contact ! pierce where ? snyder on the surface ... no , wait ! it 's leave the surface ... head towards we . pierce rescue sub ? snyder too small ... maybe a one or two man sub ... wait ! there 's another one . pierce put it on the speaker . Snyder flip a switch and communication be fill with the SOUND of the sonar . we hear a distant splash follow by a hissing . snyder shit ! there 's another one . topside be send a whole fleet to take we home . pierce be puzzle . deep six : 2-draft 88 89 90 deep six : pierce not likely . punch up a visual as soon as the first one be in range . as Snyder punch up the visual sonar , Collins walk past . pierce pull she over . pierce hey , check this out ... see if you can tell what it be . Collins study the visual sonar as it come to life . close on sonar as a animated diagram of the ocean above deepstar 6 boot up . a small blip be drop down to the center of the screen . collin can you get a id off that ? Snyder punch in a command to the computer . sidebar information about the size and shape of the object appear next to the blip . snyder ( read off screen ) Metal cylinder ... two meter long ... one meter wide ... . Collins realize what they have be listen to ... collin . ( realize ) oh , sweet Jesus Christ ... she punch the videocom . collin ( continue - yell ) »+. depth charge !!! ext . ocean a depth charge explode ! int . command CENTER boom 2-draft 42 91 92 93 94 deep six : the explosion rock the station . Snyder grab onto the console as pierce and Collins tumble back . light dim and flicker in the station , computer display blink off , then on again . int . sick BAY norris be throw to the deck . craven and valdez be pelt with medical instrument as . a shelf pull from the wall . norris scramble to the videocon . norris damage control ! int . command CENTER as norris 's voice crackle through the speaker , pierce and Collins scramble to they foot , racing for the damage control board . pierce Snyder , run a hull check ! but Snyder ignore he . he 's try to pry the top off he pill bottle , he hand shaking badly . closeup - damage control board a computer monitor constantly display the various system aboard deepstar 6 . the computer be show sidebar information about the damage incur . angle on pierce and collin as they run up to the damage control board , Richardson dash in from the docking bay . pierce we have get a pressure leak in section seven ... 2-draft 43 95 96 97 98 99 100 101 deep six : 44 richardson I 'il get the gear ! he run off into the docking bay . int . medical BAY valdez pull a overturn equipment cart off of craven . she be bleed badly from a cut over she eye . — ext . deepstar 6 - same time a depth charge explode over the docking bay . int . docking BAY - same time Richardson be gather some equipment together when the shock of the explosion knock he to the deck . int . command CENTER Snyder 's pill go fly , scatter across the deck and fall through the grate . pierce and Collins grab onto a support beam , as the explosion cause the station to shudder . ext . deepstar 6 the cargo sub be blast loose from its docking ring moor and sink to the sea floor . int . docking BAY alarm go off as water begin to spray from the cargo sub 's hatch . Richardson jump to the hatch , fight the water as he try to re-seal the hatch . angle on pierce pierce scan the damage control board . 2-draft 10 10 102 103 104 deep six : 45 angle on damage control monitor . 10 the oxygen system display be a row of tank , each color in blue . as the next depth charge hit ... boom !!! the display be a blur of static as another ' depth charge rock the station . a alarm start to shreik . closeup - pressure gauge as the needle drop quickly to zero . pierce shit !!! he check the computer display , two more tank have turn red . pierce they have hit the oxygen system ... we be lose pressure ! int . docking BAY 10 boom !!! one of the docking bay support strut break free , crash to the deck with a loud metal clang . Richardson spring to the strut -- above he the hull be beginning to bend . int . command CENTER 10 Collins have see the strut fall . she run to help Richardson . she stumble across Snyder , still on he hand and knee , look for he pill . norris grope she way through the hatch from sick bay . 2-draft norris pierce ! pierce over here ! give I a hand ! 105 int . docking BAY Collins drag the torch set over to the break support strut . as Richardson lift the strut , she fire up the torch . 106 int . command CENTER as pierce and norris frantically attempt to stem the sudden loss of air pressure . pierce ( to norris ) patch in the trunk valve , see if we can hold pressure in the system . norris ( try it ) negative ! I be sealing off the loop . ( do it ) shit ! no pressure ! the line must be rupture ! a alarm claxon bleat furiously . 107 ° ext . deepstar 6 another depth charge explode !!! 108 int . medical BAY the medical bay rock . valdez grope through the wreckage of the medical supplies for something to bandage craven 's bleed scalp . 109 int . command CENTER pierce and norris can not stop the loss of air . norris see if you can find where the leak be ! deep six : 2-draft 46 10 10 10 10 10 47 pierce snatch up the keyboard and start to type in some quick command . but he can not make the system work the way Snyder can . pierce oh , fuck ... I can not make it work ! where 's Snyder ?! he look over at Snyder , who be try to dig a pill out from between the crack . pierce ( continue - yell ) Snyder , goddamnit ! get over here and help we ! Snyder look up , panicked . 110 ext . deepstar 6 11 as a depth charge explode over the crew 's quarter . the hull cave in . 111 int . crew 's quarter 11 as the bulkhead collapse . hundred of gallon of water rush inside . the hatch automatically slam down , sealing with a hiss . 112 int . command CENTER 11 pipe burst , spraying water onto electrical console . spark shoot out . norris reach over to turn valve , stemm the flow of water . pierce try to make the computer system work but he be obviously lose . he look back at Snyder . pierce Snyder , for God 's sake ... help I ! deep six : 2-draft 113 114 deep six : 48 suddenly , Snyder stagger to he foot . he stumble over to pierce and take the keyboard away from hin . with badly shaking hand he start to type . close on the display -- as another tank go from blue to red . int . docking BAY . 11 Richardson jam a pack case against the wall , Collins jump up on it with she torch . he hold the strut in place as she start to weld the strut to the bulkhead . boom !!! Collins grab the strut to keep from fall . the hull above she warp dangerously . boomii!s!ie8e3 the whole station be plunge into darkness . light and console sputter , fail , sputter . finally they come back on . Richardson be on the floor . Collins still cling to the strut , grimly welding it in place . int . command CENTER 11 norris attack a electrical fire with a extinguisher . . . try as he might , even Snyder 's magic finger can not stem the destruction . he turn to pierce , frantic . snyder we be fuck ! the whole system be come apart and there 's nothing we can do ! norris pierce , we need that air to decompress ! 2-draft 49 pierce not to mention , breathe .... then he realize something . pierce hold it , hold it . listen ... he slap a switch to kill the alarm . the station be suddenly , eerily , quiet -- only the rasp whoosh of norris 's extinguisher and the hiss of collin 's torch . pierce ( continue ) they have stop ... on the display -- the last tank go red . snyder the oxygen be all go . it 's all fuck go ... pierce speak quietly , angrily . pierce well , at least now we know what directive 7 - 12 be . Richardson and Collins drag in from the docking bay . Collins remove she welding mask . richardson ( continue ) well , that 's the ballgame , folk . snyder fuck it ! let 's cast off in the escape pod and go ! ° pierce ( shaking he head ) without the oxygen we can not decompress . ( look at the other ) and if we can not decompress , we can not leave the station . norris how long can we last ? deep six : 2-draft 50 collin there 's enough ambient air in the station for a couple of hour . Richardson be study the status board . richardson pierce , look here . pierce turn as he point to the board . richardson ( continue ) this indicate that the exchanger be still function . pierce yeah , that 's great . the only problem be that 's not on line and the main be rupture . richardson so what 's the problem ? we could reroute the main through the bypass and patch the oxygen through the airlock pressure system . pierce ( start to get excited ) yeah , that would work ... 115 int . the basement - close on dive suit ~- moment later 11 we see the name " richardson " -- stencile on white metal . 116 angle on the dive suit 11 the dive suit be a pressure - tight shell just big enough for one man , with joint for movement and a large view port in the headpiece . it look like Robbie the robot . valdez , craven , and norris look on as Collins and pierce help Richardson into he dive suit . Collins watch as Richardson roll up the draw he daughter do and stuff it in he shirt . deep six : 2-draft 51 richardson ( off she look ) for luck ... then Richardson hoist himself inside as norris step up . norris watch yourself out there . richardson ( squirming into the suit ) it 's a walk in the park . 117 int . dive suit il Richardson have " customize " the interior of he dive suit . tape to the inside of the helmet be photo of he wife and daughter . a pair of miniature , pink fuzzy dice hang near the atmosphere control . 118 int . basement . 11 Collins check that Richardson 's tool basket be load and secure . at the monitoring panel , Snyder switch on the diving suit 's video assist system . the camera mount on Richardson 's helmet come to life . 119 angle on monitor 11 as Snyder turn away , walk over to check the camera . his face loom up on the monitor , distort by the wide angle effect . 120 back to scene 12 Collins press a button and a electric winch on a track in the ceiling automatically pick up Richardson 's dive suit . with a electronic whirr , — the winch start along the track towards the " airlock . deep six : 2-draft 121 122 deep six : 52 on the other side of the basement , the massive hatch to the diving well start to open automatically . Snyder punch up the oxygen exchanger blueprint on a computer terminal . pierce look over the electronic blueprint . angle on terminal 12 a schematic of the oxygen exchanger flicker past . one area be highlight in flash red with sidebar information describe the problem . pierce ( point at screen ) he have to seal off the leak then reroute the main through the bypass . we will patch the bypass through the airlock control here and route it up to the decompression chamber . ( to Snyder ) I be go to need a hard copy of this . Snyder press a button and a color copy of the blueprint zip out . he hand the copy to pierce . pierce ( to valdez ) give I a hand with the deck . back to scene 12 pierce and valdez start to pull up small section of the deck , expose a extensive labyrinth of pipe and wiring . the winch stop . ricahrdson 's diving suit swing directly over the open diving well . the winch whirr again , gently lowering Richardson into the dive well . 2-draft ~ 123 124 a. 125 126 127 ~ deep six : int . dive well with a loud metallic thud , the heavy diving suit come to a rest on the bottom of the airlock . winch automatically disconnect from the suit , the cable snake back up through the open hatch . int . basement / ext . airlock the the dive well hatch close automatically , sealing with a hiss . collin hatch secure . he 's all set to get wet . a speaker above Richardson 's monitor boom with he voice . richardson ( filter ) let she rip . Collins step over to a panel : airlock control . closeup - flood button , as Collins press it . int . diving suit a loud hiss sound as water splashes up and over the view port on the diving suit . ext . dive well the airlock door slide open and Richardson step out onto the ocean floor . work light on the diving suit cast pool of brilliant light . lie the absolute blackness of the deep ocean . int . basement Beyond norris , craven , and Snyder watch the Richardson 's p.o.v. monitor as he voice crackle speaker . richardson ( filter ) I be clear of the airlock . 2-draft from the 53 12 12 12 12 12 128 ext . ocean floor as Richardson move away from the airlock , the light on the station grow dimmer . soon he be surround by total darkness . his breath be labor , each step be an-effort . suddenly , a large black object begin to materialize in he path ... 129 int . basement the screen flicker with static . richardson ( filter ) ..- something up ahead ... but the monitor only show a grey- black muddle . 130 ext . ocean floor the black object reveal itself to be a structure the size of a small building , criss -cross with a elaborate network of pipe , junction and valve intersect and branching off from each other , a plumber 's nightmare . Air spill from break pipe in huge fountain . richardson ... it 's the oxygen exchanger . 131 . int . basement the screen be fuzzy . richardson ( filter ) okay , I be at the recirculation main . where do I cut ? pierce look over the blueprint . pierce find enz-6538 . deep six : 2-draft 132 ext . oxygen exchanger Richardson scan the exchanger , he light come to rest on a large main -- enz - 6538 -- nestle in between smaller pipe . . richardson yeah ... I have get it . pierce ( filter ) that 's you main , cut it where it split off and use the good end to patch into bnc - 34 . Richardson reach into he tool basket for he torch and fire it up . bubbles spew from its nozzle as he start to cut the pipe . 133 int . basement - on monitor as Richardson 's torch cut through the main , pierce start to reroute the bypass . ( " Hand I that wrench , etc . " ) pierce be he through the main yet ? a burst cf snow blur the monitor image . static obscure Richardson 's reply . snyder ( into headset ) say again ? 134 ext . oxygen exchanger the torch cut through the pipe . richardson ( filter ) yeah , I be through . now what ? 135 int . basement pierce consult the blueprint . deep six : 2-draft 56 pierce go ahead and patch it to bnc -34 . richardson affirmative . 136 ext . oxygen exchanger 13 Richardson be patching the main when something get he attention . he look over at a filter vent . the cover have be tear off ( blow off ) and a tiny trickle of bubbles slip from the open . richardson what be that ? 137 . int . basement 13 the image start to break up . . norris Snyder , fix this thing ... Snyder adjust the set but the static grow . 138 ext . oxygen exchanger 13 Richardson shut down the torch , turn towards the vent . richardson * I think I hear something . he peer over into the vent . whooosh ! !!! a flurry of bubble flare up in front of richardson ! Richardson curse under he breath , shutting down the vent . deep six : 2-draft 57 richardson nothing . just a bypass venting . he turn back back to the pipe ... -»- and some big ugly mofo jump in he face !!!! 139 int . basement - close on monitor 13 as 1138 leap toward richardson 's camera . the image break up , Richardson 's scream become garble with the static . 140 back to scene 14 everyone freeze for a instant . then : norris tell he to return to the airlock . but Snyder be paralyze . norris snatch the headset away from he , yell into it . norris return to the airlock ! collin I be go out there ... she race for the other dive suit . norris ( into the headset ) Richardson !!! thump !!! the noise at the airlock door cause everyone to freeze . pierce spring to the dive well hatch and peer into the small viewport in the top . he smile . deep six : 2-draft 58 pierce it 's he ! Collins press the dive well OPEN button and the massive hatch swing up . Richardson 's helmet come to the surface . pierce drop to the floor next to the helmet , wiping the faceplate with he sleeve . 141 xin the diving suit 14 pierce look in through the viewport . pierce ( muffle ) - hang on , buddy ! we / ’1ll have you out in a second ! Richardson look back with a blank and distant stare . 142 back to scene 14 pierce jump up , grab the hook from the winch . he fasten it to the back of Richardson 's helmet . Collins hit the switch and the winch start to pull the diving suit out of the airlock . suddenly craven scream . Richardson 's diving suit have be tear in half , the bottom part miss just below the arm . cable and tatter flesh hang loosely from underneath as water and blood drip into the open airlock . pierce Holy mother of God ! stun silence as the winch pull the suit to the end of the boom , stop with a loud metallic clang . something in the bit of float debris catch valdez 's eye -- the draw that Richardson 's daughter do of he , tear and spatter with blood . he bend down to pick it up . deep six : 2-draft 143 144 deep six : 59 the gaping black maw of 1138 break the surface of the water , bite off valdez 's d_at t) ss scream , valdez draw back a bloody stump . he stagger back across the deck , slamm into the bulkhead . angle on norris and craven . . 14 norris and craven both leap for valdez . norris grab he bloody arm but it slip from she grip . craven grab it in two hand . propping he up with one hand , norris rip the sleeve off he jumpsuit to fashion 's tant on the airlock 14 pierce and Collins throw themselves on the hatch , force it close . a black claw force its way out of the hatch , fight for leverage . Collins pick up a wrench and start beat the claw back . unk oo @ Shell break off , spraying them_in the face . the claw retreat back , pierce and Collins force the hatch shut a it . Dead silence . pierce and Collins heave from exertion . norris and craven be already guide valdez to the ladder . thump !!! the impact cause the hatch to shudder violently . they scramble from the hatch . thump !!! the second impact shatter the viewport . thump !!! crash !!! the third impact torque the hatch hinge . 2-draft 60 pierce / collin ( to Snyder ) purge ! hit the fuck purge !! Snyder be shaking , lip quivering with fear . his mind be grind gear . suddenly , he find first . closeup - purge button as Snyder 's hand slap it . a deafen roar fill the basement as compress air be quickly funnel into the dive well . pierce and Collins stagger back against the railing as water geiser out of the shattered viewport like a fountain . thump !!! the hatch start to spray water from the edge . thump !!! crash !!!!! Water explode out of the dive well . the hatch rip free and fly open , pin Collins against the railing . pierce jump over to she and try to pull she free . Water spray from the dive well , several inch already cover the floor . 1138 rise up , shroud in a spray of water . eee spe eee sprey eee the dive well still roar , the water level rapidly rise . pierce push against the hatch with all he might but it will not budge . Collins be trap . pierce ( yell ) snyder !! shut off the fucking purge !!! but Snyder 's clutch have burn out . he panic and claw for the ladder . pierce ( yell ) snyder !! get over here and help I ! deep six : 2-draft 61 craven be stand on the ladder , push valdez through when Snyder pull she off . she fall back to the deck , landing in the water with a splash ! Snyder fly up the ladder and through the hatch . craven look over at the dive well . 1138 slither out of the dive well and onto the deck . aes pierce be still try to free Collins . pierce ( yell over the noise ) shut it off !!! craven stagger through the waist high water towards the dive well control panel . close up - purge button as craven turn it off . the water spray from the dive well fizzle out . pierce push with both foot against the hatch . the hatch fall forward with a whump ! Collins be freed . across the room , the automatic winch have return Richardson 's suit to the rack . it release it and the half - suit crash to the deck i ver into the water and sink with a splash . 1138 sink beneath the surface , swim for craven . = she scream , scramble for the ladder . craven pierce ! 145 int . command CENTER 14 norris rush out of sick bay , hearing the muffle shout from the lab below . she look up in alarm , move towards the hatch . deep six : 2-draft 146 deep six : 62 Snyder grab she , mad with fear , pin she against the bulkhead in a iron grip . snyder no ! it 's down there ! int . basement 14 pierce hustle Collins towards the ladder as he rush to help craven . craven flail at the ladder but 1138 overtake she , grab she in it 's giant maw . craven ( scream ) pierce ! help I ... pierce reach for she , but 1138 pull she back . craven ( continue - plead ) ...please ... help I ... 1138 drag she under the water . pierce look helplessly at the water where craven go under . Collins call to he from the ladder . collin pierce ! come on ! pierce turn and scramble for the ladder . just as he foot hit the rung ... 1138 jump out of the water at he feet , hissing madly !!! pierce leap up the next few rung , press hard into Collins . . pierce go ! collin I can not the hatch be lock ! 2-draft 63 Collins pound on the hatch . collin ( continue - yell ) Snyder ! open the hatch !!! pierce glance down at the bottom of the ladder . 1138 circle the bottom of the ladder , it 's spin backbone just break the water . suddenly , it tilt it 's ugly head skyward and hiss , expose several row of sharp tooth -- a stinking , black pit of violent death . pierce ( scream at the hatch ) snyder ! you OPEN this fucking hatch right now !!!!!! 147 int . command CENTER 14 norris and Snyder hear the muffle cry of Collins and pierce through the thick hatch . norris start for the hatch again but Snyder stop she . snyder no ! you / will let it in ! norris try to break free of Snyder 's grasp but he fear have make he strong . suddenly , she relax . norris you be right ... there 's nothing we can do . Snyder release he grasp a bit , whisper ... snyder let 's get in the escape ... pow !!! norris send Snyder spiraling with a right cross to the chin then quickly cross to the hatch cover . deep six : 2-draft 64 149 int . basement 14 pierce watch fom the ladder as 1138 work it 's mouth , testing the ladder 's rung , get ready for the big meal . . not a pretty sight . with the sudden woosh of compress air , the hatch swing open . Collins and pierce scramble through . 149 int . command CENTER 14 Collins slam the hatch shut , dogging it forcefully . pierce collapse on top of it , he chest heaving . pierce it get craven . Collins rise up , she eye meeting with Snyder 's . Snyder give a slight start . try to stand and - move back at the same time , he bump into the map table . but Collins be already on she foot , move fast and low ... collin ( thickly ) you son-of-a-bitch ! +.- punch he in the face on the word " bitch . " Snyder tumble backwards over the map table . Collins leap after he , she fist fly . she straddle Snyder , she fist slamm into he face again and again . blood spatter from Snyder 's nose . pierce grab Collins from behind and pull she off Snyder . Snyder tire to get to he foot , instead staggering back against a console . he hang there , try to stem the flow of blood from he mashed nose . deep six : 2-draft 150 deep six : 65 snyder what .. what do you do that for ? Collins stare back furious as pierce shuffles she into the medical bay . pierce get you shit together , Snyder ... or next time I will not hold she back . CUT to : int . sick BAY 15 valdez , conscious but weak , lay on the operate table . erris be cauterize the stum to probe searing valdez 's esh wi a hiss , like drop of water on a hot stove . — Collins hand instrument to she , wiping valdez 's sweat - soak face with a wet cloth . valdez gasp , try not to show the pain . norris look up at Collins . norris the shot 's wear off . prep another five cc 's . she do . valdez we have to stop that thing . norris relax ... he strain to look at norris . valdez I should have listen ... I should have known ... norris do not exert yourself . I want you to stay calm -- take slow , deep breath . valdez -.. it 's all my fault that that people have die . 2-draft 66 Collins come over with the syringe , take valdez by the shoulder to calm he . collin take it easy ... you be in shock . noris thump the syringe with she forefinger then quickly inject valdez in he good arm . . the drug take affect almost immediately . valdez we find it ... a new species ... in the crater . I think ... I could use some of its characteristic as a work animal ... a underwater beast of burden . fantastic growth rate ...strength ... speed ... ( he slow ) +..too hostile . I want to keep ... sample of its genetic material ... think we could cross it with ... gentler trait . but topside ... order I to save the organism intact . collin then it be not you fault . valdez ( slower ) I know it be ... too dangerous to keep ... I should have destroy it . but I be afraid ... I would be ... take off ... the project ... valdez 's eye grow glossy . valdez ( almost go ) forgive I .... Louise .... valdez fall asleep . norris get up , stripping off she bloody glove . she run some water in the sink , wash she face . 67 norris do not exert yourself . I want you to stay calm -- take slow , deep breath . valdez .-. it 's all my fault that that people have die . Collins come over with the syringe , take valdez by the shoulder to calm hin . collin take it easy ... you be in shock . noris thump the syringe with she forefinger then quickly inject valdez in he good arm . the drug take affect almost immediately . valdez we find it ... a new species ... in the crater . I think ... I could use some of its characteristic as a work animal ... a underwater beast of burden . fantastic growth rate ...strength ... speed ... ( he slow ) -..too hostile . I want to keep ... sample of its genetic material ... think we could cross it with ... gentler trait . but topside ... order I to save the organism intact . collin then it be not you fault . valdez ( slower ) I know it be ... too dangerous to keep ... I should have destroy it . but I be afraid ... I would be ... take off ... the project ... valdez 's eye grow glossy . valdez ( almost go ) forgive I .... Louise .... valdez fall asleep . deep six : 2 - draft deep six : 68 norris get up , stripping off she bloody glove . she run some water in the sink , wash she face . she turn as pierce and Snyder enter the medical bay . pierce ( gesture to valdez ) how be he ? norris I have do what I can ... he will be okay but we have to get he up top . pierce yeah ... along with the rest of we . norris how much air do we have leave ? collin not much ... whatever air be leave in the station , enough for a hour or so , no more . pierce Richardson get the oxygen exchanger back on line but that fuck thing get inside before I could patch it into the decompression chanber . norris then we will just have to go back down and finish patching it in . snyder with that thing down there ?! no fuck way ! we would not have a chance ! I vote we cast off in the escape pod . pierce do not be a idiot . without decompress , we have burst like a bunch of ripe melon . norris ( firmly ) we have to go back down .. without that oxygen we will die . 2-draft 69 pierce stand . pierce then we will have to kill that thing . CUT to : 151 int . galley - shortly after 15 Snyder come in with four small cylinder tip with stout needle -- shark dart . he dump they next to norris , and they start assemble the section pole . the air in the station be get thin and hot and everyone be start to sweat . snyder I could only find four of ’em ... norris they 'il have to do . Collins and pierce be load the shotgun when suddenly , valdez appear in the hatchway . norris you should not be out of bed . valdez I want to go . pierce and Collins exchange glance . norris ( start to shake she head ) I do not think ... valdez I want to to kill that son-of - a - bitch . norris look over at pierce . he shrug . norris ( to Snyder ) give he a shark dart . Snyder hand valdez a shark dart . deep six : 2 - draft deep six : 70 valdez take it in he only hand , study it carefully . valdez I be not familar with how this work . pierce it 's load with a co2 cartridge . just jab the needle into that thing and the gas blow he up like a balloon . norris we will sweep that lab in two team . pierce , you take Snyder and Dr. valdez with you . Collins you with I . Snyder turn away to hide how badly he be shaking . sitting on the padded examination table , he pretend to be intensely interested in he shark dart . everyone start for the exit , except Snyder . snyder hey ! this cartridge expire six month ago . this fuck thing be out of date ! pierce come on , quit fuck around . we be run out of time . snyder I be not go down there with this defective piece of shit ! norris swell . she 's have about all of Snyder 's shit she can stand . she snatch up Snyder 's shark dart and point it at he crotch ... ... then thrust it into the padded surface of the examination table next to he thigh . instantly , the loud hiss of escaping gas be hear . Snyder jump off the examination table as the vinyl cover begin to bulge , pop off the upholstery button . 2-draft 71 Snyder scramble to avoid the rapidly inflate cover as the high pressure gas in the shark dart fill the padded top . pfoom !!! the vinyl be blow to shred . everyone look at the wreck examination table . norris let 's do it . CUT to : 152 int . the lab - ds3 15 the sound of dripping water echoe through blackness . there be a slight thud follow by a loud metallic click as a small circle of light grow in the ceiling . pierce poke he head cautiously through the hatchway . he shine he dive light around the interior of the lab . it 's three - quarter full of seawater . pierce ( to himself ) shit ... 153 int . command CENTER 15 pierce pull he head out of the hatchway and look up at the other . pierce the dive well must be leak ... the lab be almost flood . the other exchange nervous look as Snyder whine : snyder oh , Jesus Christ ! that thing could be deep six : 2-draft 154 deep six : 72 anywhere down there ! screw this bullshit , let 's cast off in the pod ... norris Stow that crap . ( to pierce ) go on . pierce pick up he shotgun and start to lower himself into the hatch . pierce ( mutter ) navy ... it 's not just a job ... it 's a adventure . int . the basement 15 pierce come down the ladder , slowly ease he body into the cold , dark seawater . norris come next , follow by Snyder . Collins help valdez bring up the rear . pierce dip he dive light beneath the surface of the water , sweeping it back and forth slowly . he wade chest - deep across the lab towards the specimen tank . Snyder , he shark - dart poise high above he head , shuffles slowly to the right . valdez stick close behind he . Collins and norris wade along the wall to the leave , they light and weapon hold out in front of they . suddenly , something slick and black break the surface right in front of ! blam !!! blam !!! blam !!! norris jab forward with she shark - dart as Collins pump three quick round through she shotgun . scream and shout fill the compartment as the black thing thrashes around in the water , the shark dart embed in its skin , hissing loudly . 2-draft deep six : 73 light skew around the lab as pierce shout to be hear over the din : pierce hold up ! wait a minute ! hold it ! the other quiet down one by one as they train they dive light on - the die black thing ... +..a pair of dive suit wooly . it slowly turn , spilling air and sink with a '' glub . a moment of embarrassed silence . norris ( ruefully ) I use up my shark dart . pierce Snyder , give she yours . snyder fuck you ! I be not stay down here without a weapon ! before norris can respond ... valdez you can have mine . valdez quietly wade to norris , and hand she he weapon . pierce pass a couple of round to Collins who reload she shotgun . tentatively they begin the sweep again . then , after a moment : snyder I think it split . pierce yeah , I think you be right . ( then ) I be go down and patch in the bypass . pierce hand he shotgun to Snyder . he brace himself , take a breath , and dive under the surface . 2-draft 74 155 int . basement / underwater 15 pierce dive down , search with he light for the access panel . he find it , set he dive light on the deck . he grope for the wrench and start to reconnect a fitting . 156 int . basement / on surface 15 the sound of water dripping , the other wait , they breath show in the bitter cold . 157 int . basement / underwater 15 pierce try to bolt a pipe together . the wrench slip with a loud metallic clang . 158 int . basement / on surface 15 Snyder jump at the noise . snyder | what the fuck be he do down there ? whoosh !! they all have near heart attack as pierce burst to the surface , panting : pierce it 's jamme ... he breathes in deeply several time , then dive again . 159 int . basement / underwater 15 pierce really tug on that mother and clang -- the wrench slip again . finally , he get the pipe in place . 160 int . basement / surface 16 ~ it 's get tense . Snyder swing he light back and forth , nervously . he 's come apart . deep six : 2-draft 161 162 deep six : 75 norris and Collins be try they best to stand a aggressive guard when ... ... whoosh , pierce come up for air again . pierce ta-da ! collin do you get it ? pierce it 's patch in . we be all set to ... whoosh ! !! the thing burst up behind pierce ! ee ee eee Chaos . dive light flail in the darkness , slashing across the outline of the thing . Snyder 's nerve snap . he drop pierce 's shotgun and run for the ladder ... .+- he forget shark dart stabbing valdez in the heart . . close on valdez 16 hisssss -- valdez look down in horror as he chest expands , a scream building in he oat as blood gurgle from he mouth . blapp !!! valdez 's 's leave side explode in a grisly shower of rib and muscle tissue , Collins and norris be spatter with blood and bit of lung . back to scene 16 Snyder scramble for the ladder , stumbling against norris as she rush forward to throw she shark -dart . thwap !!! hissss !!! 2-draft 76 the shark dart puncture the thing 's side , but hang limply . the compress gas escape from ‘he wound cause it to thrash about in agony . pierce backpedal as the thing sweep towards he , its claw flail . he duck beneath the water as Collins fire she shotgun . blam !!! blam !!! blam !!! two round punch through the thing 's shell with a sting SNAP . her third shot go high , rupture high pressure hose . the hose lash about as the thing pivot around in pain , hissing madly . its tail whip over its head . blam !!! Collins blow the end of its tail off . the thing screech . pierce break the surface next to Collins and hustle she towards the ladder . valdez 's body slips_bi h_ the surface of the water , he mouth freeze open in a cry of mute protest . 163 int . command CENTER - continous action 16 Snyder scramble through the hatch , racing for the escape pod . he reach up , pull on a large yellow handle in the ceiling mark : /// escbpe /// escape /// escape /// escape /// a ladder drop from the ceiling as norris come through the hatch . norris Snyder ! stop ! '' he ignore she , climb up , frantically unlock the hatch to the escape pod . norris grab he by the waist . he turn and pound she with a vicious backhand . she tumble to the deck . deep six : 2-draft 164 165 166 77 he swarm up into the escape pod . norris climb up the escape pod ladder just as Snyder slam the hatch in she face . she pound on it , scream : norris Snyder , do not be stupid ! int .. escape pod _ 16 '' Snyder break the yellow and black safety seal and set the switch to override . norris 's voice carry faintly through the hatch . norris ( muffle ) Snyder ! I be order you to stop ! he ignore she , sheer panic drive he brain as he fumble with the escape control , twist it to arm . int . basement : 16 the thing finally sweep the shark dart out of its side , charge after pierce and Collins . they scramble up through the hatch as it rip out the ladder inch below pierce 's foot . = int . command CENTER 16 angle on norris deep six : as she hang on the ladder in the short space between the escape pod and the command center as a alarm claxon start to bleat . she continue to bang on the hatch and scream , ignore the big red warning sticker plaster around she : // caution : explosive bolt // and now the lower hatch begin to automatically close . norris be about to be trap inside the docking ring .... .».. when suddenly , at the last second before she be pin , strong arm reach up and pull she free . 2-draft 78 she tumble to the deck with pierce . 167 int . escape pod 16 Snyder push the launch button . blammo !!! the explosive bolt fire simultaneously , rock the escape pod and toss Snyder back against he seat . . 168 int . the command CENTER - same time 16 the ceiling shudder with the explosion . the hatch to the escape pod warp , send a shower of gas and debris . Water shoot past the seal , spraying norris , Collins , and pierce with terrific pressure . 169 . ext . deepstar 6 / ext . escape pod —- same time 16 the pod tear free from deepstar 6 in a flurry of massive air bubbles as it race to the surface . 170 int . the command CENTER 17 Water gush from the hatch seal , spraying the electronic console and short they out . spark fly out as the light flicker and dim . pierce and the other crawl into the galley as the watertight door start to close . 171 .xint . galley 17 the three of they slide through the airlock as the watertight door close shut , sealing with a hiss . norris sputter , cough seawater from she lung . norris ( cough ) that bastard ... I be go to kill he ! deep six : 2-draft 172 173 deep six : 79 pierce gaze at the ceiling as if he could see through it . pierce he 's already dead . CUT to : ext . escape pod ~ 17 the pod rise from the seafloor at a ever increase rate . int . the pod 17 as the speed build , the interior begin to vibrate . Snyder struggle to hold onto he seat . closeup - depth gauge as the needle start to rise . Snyder look out the small window in the upper hatch . bubbles race by against a pitch black background . he giggle , a soft sound that build as he pound he seat arm , urging the pod to go faster . Snyder ignore the alarm that go off . /// danger /// . ///®xplosive decompression /// the escape pod be really shaking now , but Snyder do not care . he 's go home . depth gauge - the needle rise faster . the escape pod lurch violently . Snyder throw out a hand to steady himself . it twitches . a_blister rise on the back of i and . suddenly , khe blister grow larger ~~ it hecome a.vein , push to the surface of he arm . Snyder watch , fascinate , as the vein race up he arm past he elbow ... ~~ + -.then Snyder gasp in pain . 2-draft 80 depth gauge - rising faster . window - the first glimmer of pale light . snyder in agony . blood seeping from he ear and nose . depth gauge - sign he death warrant . snyder close up - Snyder 's eye -- red and bulg . 174 int . escape pod 17 window - Light stream in . the water -- azure blue . 175 int . escape pod , . 17 snyder vein push out across he face , hi. les burst , spraying out blood . his mouth open in a torture scream . 176 ext . escape pod 17 Snyder 's scream carry faintly through the thick escape pod hull . the scream cut off as the top hatch window be suddenly wiped|with red . silhouett by the distant sun , wreathe in air bubbles and sparkling light , the escape pod sail on towards the surface . 177 int . galley 17 deep six : 2-draft 81 this scene be currently under construction . they be run out of air . pierce discover that Collins be carry he unborn child . in a desperate final effort to survive , pierce formulate a plan : he will swim through the flood Command Center to the dock Bay and bring the survive mini-sub to the decompression chamber . norris and Collins will swim to the medical bay and enter the decompression chamber from that end . 178 int . galley - moment later 17 pierce open the door to the airlock and crawl inside . . pierce Fifteen minute ... both woman nod in agreement . pierce ( sighing ) well , here go nothing . he close the door . 179 int . galley airlock - same time 17 pierce sit in the tiny airlock , breathe deeply , fill he lung with every atom of air they can hold . he hit the OPEN switch . the airlock quickly fill with swirl , frigid water . pierce be completely immerse as the outer door slide open . he swim out into the blackness beyond . 180 int . command CENTER - underwater 18 deep six : 2-draft 181 182 183 184 deep six : pierce swim across the almost fully flood command center . he kick under the map table and come up next to the airlock door mark : docking BAY a single red light shine from the control panel . he press it . nothing . pierce give the button another try . still nothing . precious second tick past as he try to figure the problem . then , he kick off from the bottom , swim for the surface . int . command CENTER - ceiling pierce 's head break the surface of the water only six inch from the ceiling of the command center . behind he the escape pod hatch be still leak like mad . he take several deep breath and duck down again . int . command CENTER - underwater pierce swim up to the door again . he pries open a access panel , use a crank to open the door manually . the airlock door slide open and pierce swim in . int . docking BAY airlock - ds3 pierce close the door behind he , pressurize the lock . as the water level drop beneath he chin , he take several deep breath and open the next door . : int . the docking BAY - ds3 pierce and several gallon of water spill out into the bay . he get to he foot , climb into the accessway . 2-draft 82 18 18 18 18 185 186 187 188 deep six : int . dsrv - 1 pierce move through the hatch , pull it close . he pull himself into the pilot 's seat and strap in . int . galley - same time the two woman have lapse into sleep . norris sit in Snyder 's chair , she foot draw up underneath she . Collins lie on the floor . norris 's head dip a little , then she fall , tumble out of the chair . norris pierce ... help I ... then , she remember . she start shaking Collins . norris ( continue ) wake up ... wake up . but Collins be too far go . norris drag she over to the airlock , open the door , and push she inside . int . galley airlock norris climb inside after Collins , close the door . she give Collins another shake -- no response . norris punch the flood control . frigid water swirl around Collins and she awaken with a start . her shout of protest be cut off as the water rise above they head . norris open the outer door . int . command CENTER norris and Collins swim out of the galley airlock , they flimsy undergarment billow as they navigate through the mass of debris that be once the command center . they reach the medical bay airlock . norris hit the OPEN switch . 2-draft 83 18 18 18 18 84 nothing happen . they lung about to burst , norris slam the switch again . a dreadful moment , then the hatch start to open . 189 int . medical BAY . 18 under the harsh red of the emergency light , a unholy torrent of water pour in from the open hatch . Collins pour into the medical bay , tumble across the deck . norris manage to grab the frame of the open hatch as the water thunder past she , tear at she clothes . her finger find the " close " switch , press it . the hatch motor grind as it try to close , then stop as something jam in the doorway . a huge black shape slide through the way . the hatch slam shut quickly , catch the thing by one claw . it _thrashes wildly , its tail sma norris against bulkhead . 190 int . dsrv - 1 - same time 19 pierce crank the starter , a exasperate look on he face . nothing . he hit it again , the starter whine but the turbine will not turn over . pierce ( under he breath ) shit ... he crank it again . he have pump the gas pedal if it have one . 191 int . the medical BAY - same time 19 Water spray through the narrow open in the hatch as the thing flail with a unearth keening sound . norris and Collins scramble away . deep six : 2-draft 192 deep six : 85 with a tremendous yank , tI be i off a claw , break loose . the hatch slam shut . craw , break loose . furious , the ing rise up , go for Collins . Collins back away as norris maneuver down the bay . — _ — something catch she eye ... ++. the defibrillator unit . she switch the unit on and grab the shock paddy . close on defibrillator -- as the capacitor begin to suck up the juice with a loud electric whine , the voltmeter count up quickly by thousand : eee de ee beebe erseee collin 19 as the thing bear down on she . back to scene norris move up behind it , hold the paddle out . norris let 's see how you like this , you dumb , ugly , sack of fish shit ... she slap the paddle on the thing 's back . zzzappiil ! Long spark arc across its shell , it shriek and recoil . the thing hunker down , hissing at norris . close on the defibrillator -- as the capacitor begin charge again . 4 56 gee tee 2-draft 193 86 back to scene 19 Collins hammer the control to the decompression chamber but it refuse to open , a idiot light state flatly : // water in hold / / the thing pause , then sink down , vanish beneath the water . the capacitor continue its steady climb . 2+-12...13...14...15 ... a ripple race across the surface of the water towards norris . suddenly norris be grabbed from below . she 's slam against the bulkhead , one of the paddle fly from she hand and splashes into the water . norris bellows in rage and pain . Collins frantically pound the little window in the hatch door . norris kick out , try to stay on she foot , grop for the lose paddle . the defibrillator -- whining in protest . 006 22..-23...624...25..6. norris 194 the paddle in she hand dip dangerously close to the water . Pov decompression chamber - ds3 194 collin deep six : suddenly behind she , through the window , pierce enter the decompression chamber . only he do not see what 's go on because he 's too busy wonder where the hell norris and Collins be and why woman can never be on time ... 200 33.4694...35...36.06 2-draft 87 ... then he look out the window . the hatch to the decompression chamber fly open and pierce grab Collins and haul she inside . he start for norris . norris get back !!! suddenly , she be yank beneath the surface . zzzzzzzzttttiliel lit = = pow !!! there be a sharp electrical crack as the paddle hit the water . the power unit explode , send a shower of spark and debris . pierce be throw back into the decompression chamber . zzzt !!! snap ! z2zt !!! snap ! pow !!! the creature rise up , hissing wildly as thousand of volt : hrough it . light and instrumentation explode . zzzt !!! pow !!! snap ! pow !!! z22t !!! zzzt !}! pierce slam the hatch . int . decompression chamber - ds3 19 angle on the decompression chamber pierce and Collins watch the firework through the thick little window , spark of electricity briefly illuminate they face . int . medical BAY - ds3 19 back to scene the thing convulse helplessly , thick smoke roll off its shell . zzz2t ! zzzt ! pow. snap . ZZZzzzzztt ... 2-draft 197 88 finally , the last little spark fizzle out and the thing teeter over , fall into the water with a huge splash . int . decompression chamber - ds3 19 ' angle on the decompression chamber - same time 198 199 deep six : Collins and pierce watch the creature die with rapt fascination . suddenly , this give way to tremendous joy as they begin jump up and down . finally , pierce say something to Collins that make she stop . ' she move close , put she arm around he neck . they lip melt into one long passionate kiss as they slowly sink from in front of the window . cut to : ext . deepstar 3 19 the deep sea station look peaceful , dim light barely glow in the deep , dark ocean . dissolve to : int . decompression chamber - several hour later 19 pierce and Collins lay in a tangle heap , asleep on the floor . Collins begin to stir , pull free of pierce 's arm . she open she eye and look around the chamber as if she be unaware of where she be . suddenly , full - consciousness seize she and she freeze . nothing . Collins look at she watch then up at the control board for the chamber . a green light glow reassuringly : stage decompression complete 2-draft 200 deep six : 89 standby Collins blink in disbelief . she reach over and press a button on the panel . there be a slight delay as if the computer do not understand the question . then the green light blink again : decompression complete begin embarkation a slight giggle escape Collins . she grab pierce . collin wake up ! pierce , wake up ! she roll he over , face up , he feature freeze in a blank and distant stare . she look down in horror . on pierce his chest cavity be a mass of swarm crab , feed on he entrail . on collin as she scream . CUT to : int . decompression chamber 20 . boom a depth charge explode nearby , waking Collins with a scream . it take she a moment to realize where she be , then she look at she watch . she grab pierce and shake he . boom ! another blast rock the station and pierce spring awake . 2-draft 90 collin the bastard ! they be do it again . aw shit ! _201 int . dsrv - 1 - moment later 20 deep six : pierce and Collins board the minisub , move as quickly as they can in the thin air . pierce climb into the pilot 's seat , set some switch , then cross he finger . he hit the starter . nothing . boom ! ! pierce and Collins hold fast as the bulkhead rattle violently . pierce scrabble for the starter and stab it . not a thing . boom !!! the minisub lurch . a gauge smashes . pierce ( hoarsely ) you sorry piece of shit ! on " shit " , pierce slam he fist into the console . the motor catch . pierce let out a whoop , gun the motor . collin let 's get the hell outta here ! pierce do not need to be tell . he jam on the throttle . boom !!!!! the explosion cause the minisub to pitch suddenly . pierce be throw hard against the bulkhead , loose control of the sub . 2-draft the motor scream . 202 ext . docking BAY crash ! the minisub plow full speed astern into the station . 203 int . dsrv - 1 alarm shriek they warning , the light flicker wildly . pierce jam the drive into full ahead . 204 '' ext . dsrv - 1 close on propeller - as it hesitates , then spin furiously . the stern of minisub be wedge tight in a gape hole in the side of the station . 205 int . dsrv - 1 Collins work the damage control board , call over she shoulder to pierce . collin we be stick ! pierce swear under he breath as he lean hard on the throttle . 206 ext . dsrv - 1 the minisub tug forward . the motor whine in protest . 207 int . dsrv - 1 collin pierce ! deep six : 2-draft 216 ext . dsrv - 1 the thing be wrap around the bow of the wham ! it slam the side of the minisub . 217 int . dsrv -1 the minisub shake violently . pierce pull back on the stick , he finger fumble over the switch . Collins grope for something to hang on to , then be throw again as the minisub shudder . she drop to the deck , crawl forward , she hand find the control for the mechanical arm . 218 ext . dsrv -1 close on the arm -- as it come to life , extend itself . 219 int . dsrv -1 pierce ride the helm with everything he 's get . closeup - instrument panel as motor temperature rise rapidly into the red zone . Collins try to catch she breath , tremble from the lack of oxygen . the thing 's gape mouth press against the front viewport , try to chew its wa inside . 220 ext . dsrv -1 the minisub rise in a flurry of air bubbles , the thing plaster onto the bow . ps 221 int . dsrv - 1 deep six : 2-draft 94 21 21 21 21 22 22 212 213 214 215 deep six : 93 Collins smile back . collin just like old time . a alarm bleat out a sudden warning . pierce check he panel . pierce we gotta leak ... forward section . Collins glance forward . int . dsrv - 1 / angle on viewport 221 angle on the viewport as water stream from the side of the plastic cover . int . dsrv -1 21 back to scene Collins move forward ... collin shit. look like a crack in the main viewport . --- pull the cover off the viewport ... -+- she scream . int . dsrv - 1 / viewport : : 21 close on viewport the thing 's mouth be pressed hideously against the viewport . int . dsrv -2 21 closeup - collin as she recoil , move away from the viewport . 2~-draft _ 208 209 210 211 — deep six : pierce have have it with this shit . . he whip the ' throttle back to idle ... pierce fuck it ! .+. then jam it forward with all he might . ext . dsrv - 1 the minisub give a start then jump forward . it tear free with a sicken metallic screech , leave its stabilizer fin embed in the hole . int . dsrv - 1 as pierce steer the minisub away from the docking bay , he glance out he stern viewport . ext . deepstar 3 pierce 's p.o.v . - as the depth charge drift down slowly onto the top of the station . kaboom ! ! ! the station explode ! int . dsrv - 1 the minisub vibrate violently as it be hammer by the explosion . pierce fight to stay in control as Collins hang on for dear life . the light flicker , then die . after a moment , the vibration subside and the light blink back on . pierce glance around the minisub , check for structural damage . he look at Collins and smile . pierce wow ! what a ride , huh ? 2-draft 92 20 20 21 21 222 223 224 225 226 227 deep six : 95 Collins manipulate the arn . int . dsrv - 1 / ext . dsrv -1 22 closeup - forward viewport as the mechanical arm move toward the dark form of the thing like a silver dart . int . dsrv - 1 : 22 Collins be sweat bullet , gasp for air . a terrible grinding sound cause pierce to jump . closeup - instrument panel as the motor temperature gauge hit the end of the scale . ext . dsrv -1 22 close on the propeller -- as it suddenly halt , gas and debris shoot past the driveshaft bear seal . int . dsrv - 1 . 22 pierce shut down the motor -- too late . the minisub , powerless , be toss about as the thing slam they again . wham ! the light flicker , spark and flame leap from the control panel . Water begin to spray into the sub . int. / ext . dsrv -1 22 closeup - forward porthole -- the thing 's hideous mouth . int . dsrv -1 22 collin concentrate fiercely , ignore the violent pitching of the sub and the water that shower she . 2-draft 228 j% int . / ext . dsrv -1 closeup - forward porthole -- the claw end of the mechanical arm appear in front of the thing 's mouth . °229 int . dsrv -1 Collins drive the claw straight into the thing 's mouth and squeeze the control grip . 230 ext . dsrv - 1 the claw close , catch the caer the mechanical claw crush the thin mouth organ . blood spurt ito the wate , the thing go berserk . 231 int . dsrv -1 pierce grab he seat with both hand to hold on . closeup - depth gauge , the needle soar for the surface . Collins squeezing the control grip as tight as she can . 232 int . / ext . dsrv -1 closeup - forward porthole -- the thing convulse to_get away from the sub . it twist violently . 233 ext . dsrv -1 the whole sub roll completely over . 234 int . dsrv -1 everything not bolt down be briefly airborne . the monitor panel crash down , pin Collins . she bellow -- a loud angry scream . deep six : 2-draft 97 above pierce , a emergency kit shake open , spilling its content . he 's hit on the head by something that lodge in the maze of pipe and wiring at he foot . a flare pistol . Collins have lose she grip on the mechanical arm control , but the claw remain imbed in the thing 's mouth , lock closas . — as it thrashes , €hé minisub pitch . pierce for God 's sake , let it go ! collin ( bang the control ) I can not , it 's jamme ! closeup - depth gauge almost to zero . pierce 's eye flick from the depth gauge to the flare gun -- then to the fuel gauge ( the tank be almost full ) and right next door -- the fuel dump switch . a idea be form in pierce 's mind . he reach above he head , to the inside cover of the escape hatch mark : // life raft/ / life raft/ / life raft / / he pull the arming pin . reaching down , he pick up the flare pistol and tuck it into he waistband . 235 int . / ext . dsrv -1 23 closeup - forward viewport the minisub lurch hard and suddenly the view port be wipe with foam . 236 ext . the ocean 23 the minisub break the surface . they have surface . deep six : 2-draft 237 int . dsrv - 1 pierce pop the hatch , suck in as much fresh air as he lung will hold . 238 ext . dsrv - 1 the life raft burst from the hatch and begin to inflate . on the bow , the thing still struggle . it rock the _minisub , try to swamp it . 239 int . dsrv -1 pierce shout down . pierce let 's go ! abandon ship ! Collins be trap under the control panel . she 's try to wrestle it off , but it will not budge . collin I can not move ... pierce do not hesitate , he drop down by she . 240 ext . dsrv - 1 the thing tip the minisub over hard , shipping water down the hatch . 241 int . dsrv -1 pierce grab the control panel and heave . it just will not move . the sub heel over the other way , water pour into the hatch , drench they . Water rise up past Collins shoulder , splash over she face . she gulp for air , get only ocean . pierce be really tired of all of this shit -- he grab the goddamn panel and haul on it . his finger slip on the heavy , wet metal . deep six : 2-draft 98 23 23 23 24 24 99 pierce look around at the wreckage , search quickly as another big wave come down the hatch , totally immersing Collins head . he find a piece of pipe , wedge one end under the panel and jump on the other end . the panel lift a little . Collins burst clear , sputtering seawater from she lung . pierce help she up to the hatch . scramble out the hatch , Collins trip and falter . pierce put both hand on she ass and shove she out the hatch . climb out after she , he pause to turn back to the instrument panel . with he foot , he kick the fuel dump switch . 242 ext . dsrv -1 24 the fuel be eject from the minisub with a roar , two geyser of . fuel and seawater shoot up into the air . Collins cling to the con tower . a grow pool of fuel form around the sub . close on the thing - as it rip free of the remote arn , leave a large clump of bloody tissue . ae sw arge climp of 2 noedy sisst pierce push Collins into the now - inflate life raft and shove it off with he foot . he remain on the sub . collin what be you do ? pierce get clear of the sub ! * collin do not be crazy , come on ! he steady himself on the rock sub , grab the flare pistol -- the fuel dump be nearly complete , fizzling out . he check the load . deep six : 2~draft 243 deep six : 100 suddenly : collin behind you ! pierce turn to look -- the thing heave itself up the side of the_sub towards pierce . it 's open mouth a tear , bloody mess . pierce take careful aim on the thing , pull the trigger . click ! nothing happen . ' the thi d , pull itself closer . pierce 's nostril flare at the stench as he check the flare pistol . this time he remember to cock it . the thing hiss . pierce merry Christmas , dickweed ! pierce fire . the flare shoot right down the thing 's mouth . ka - boom !!1! the ocean explode in a ball of flame . ext . the raft ~ same time 24 Collins scream as the minisub be engulf in a fireball . the fire spread quickly across the water . flame lick at the side of the raft . Collins grab a paddle , splash they away . then she be free . she look up . 2-draft 101 244 ext dsrv -1 244 angle on minisub - as the sea burn furiously . ~ 245 collin 245 as tear run silently down she face . close on the water - as a faint ripple start across , swim towards the raft . 246 back to scene 246 Collins grab the paddle , ready . wooosh !!! a black figure rocket to the surface . she scream . it 's pierce . gasp for breath , he try to pull himself aboard , but he 's so goddamn tired he can barely move . Collins help pierce into the raft , the fuel tank on the minisub explode . they turn and watch as the sub burn , slip slowly beneath the sea . then it 's go . pierce and Collins lay in the bottom of the raft , exhaust , not really believe they make it . after a long , long time , Collins sit up . collin now what do we do ? pierce sit up with a groan -- he be pretty badly burn in a couple of place . — 's he scan the horizon -- nothing but water . pierce just stare at Collins , she wet and matte hair , tear underclothes that be not hide much . 102 os he smile , then pick up one of the small plastic ' paddle in the bottom of the raft and hand it to '' Collins . pierce row . she sigh as she dip the paddle into the water . pierce pick up the other paddle and dig in as well . 247 ext . the ocean - wide shot 247 the raft be just a speck on a vast and beautiful ocean as we : fade to black the end