deep rising formerly know as tentacle by Steven sommer &amp ; Robert Mark kamen extend revision by Robert Mark kamen revise draft Jan. 1st , 1996 OPEN to : a flash of lightning rip the hollywood picture logo away , and we find ourselves in the middle of ... 1 stormy sea - night 1 superimposed : south china sea the dark blue water roil and boil and foam . thunder crack . lighting flash . CUT to : 2 underwater - night 2 a enormous japanese bathyscaphe free-falls through the water . a autonomous fifteen - man submersible . almost futuristic in its design . the nose cone be a amazing ultra high - pressure plexi-dome . lettering along the side tell we this be the " shinkai 90000 . " computer printed across the screen be the word : assignment : geological exploration . sub - oceanic seismic research . tectonic plate surveillance . addendum : about to break the world' record for the deepest dive ... 3 shinkai 9000 - night 3 the japanese captain watch a dld laser tracking system and bark one - word question to he japanese crew . the sailor work the console and give clipped monosyllabic answer . the japanese science officer go over chart on the electronic position board , a contiuously - shifting graphic representation of the ocean contour below . behind they be a elaborate depth gauge with computerize graphic . read : 34,000 foot and drop . the Crew work at a fevere pitch . a alarm sound as the depth gauge sound 35,000 foot . all eye on the depth gauge . several Science officer share excited look . 4 on the depth gauge : 35,100 -- 35,200 -- 35,300 -- 35,400 ... 4 the excitement build . even the Captain 's weathered eye widen . and then , as the depth gauge hit 35,801 foot below sea level , the entire Crew break into cheer , whoops , handshake and high -five . CUT to : 5 shinkai 9000 - night 5 as it continue its descent , it pass corrode metal drum leak toxic waste , radioactive waste , dumped in the depth , away from pry eye , and populate area . the vessel drop into the sulu basin . imagine the Grand Canyon under forty thousand foot of water . but the sulu basin be ten time the size of the Grand Canyon . down here , ten thousand fathom below the storm , all be calm . the dual turbo - prop on the ear of the submersible kick on . the bathysaphe be now mobile . it glide down the side of a enormous rock face , carefully avoid massive sandstone pinnacle which jut up from the ocean floor far below . dissolve to : 6 deep sea - night 6 the shinkai hover near a gigantic tectonic plate . a robotic arm extend out from under the plexi-dome . its " hand " be a high - tech laser cutter . it approach the plate , steady , then fire a direct blue beam at the bedrock , burn the rock into magma and cut a perfect round pattern . another robotic arm reach forward , its claw rip out the cut rock from inside the pattern , then take the sample and set it inside a hydro - basket on the submersible 's port side . dissolve to : 7 mindinao deep - night 7 a desolate , barren , spooky place . nothing breathes . nothing life . or so it would appear . the creepy , forebode musical score tell we otherwise . the shinkai enter a huge rock fissure . CUT to : 8 shinkai 9000 - night 8 the Captain and the Science officer stare through the plexi dome and out into the freezing , cobalt blue of the palawan trough . the music intensify as they round each curve . then , dead ahead , be the end of the trough , which be half - block by a rock -encrust embankment . the music build . the shinkai approach the embankment . slowly start to glide up the side . the Captain and Science officer seem mesmerize by all the lonely creepiness . they crest the embankment . and the plexi-dom view fill with a unimaginable horror . as far as the eye can see , the entire murky landscape be fill with whale bone . a valley of death . clutter here and there , carelessly flung about , be the rusting hulk of several ship . seemingly rip apart . cluster of shark cartilage float through the water like white ghost . the Captain , the Science officer and the entire Crew just stare , freeze in place by the strange horror before they . CUT to : 9 shinkai 9000 - night 9 the vessel cruise through the valley of death . everyone be nervously take reading , make calculation and adjust equipment . go be the excitement and euphoria of the record break . several crewmen cast nervous glance out through the plexi dome . giant skeleton everywhere . CUT to : 10 shinkai 9000 - night 10 the shinkai approach a eerie-look rock formation . the robotic arm come out . the laser cutter steady , aim , then shoot out its blue beam and cut into the rock . whoosh !! a huge jet stream of inky blood blast out of the formation ! CUT to : 11 shnkai 9000 - night 11 the Captain and the Science officer recoil as the inky stuff envelope the plexi-dome , completely blotting out the view . CUT to : 12 palawan trough - night 12 the shinkai vanish into a huge cloud of inky blood . we hold for a long ominous beat . and then , like a slow - motion earthquake , large boulder and giant crevice begin to shift in the murky water . whale bone topple and scatter . several foot under the ancient silt , something be come alive . CUT to : 13 shinkai 9000 - night 13 everything outside the plexi-dome be still black . everyone be stare at the position board , which show a large section of the ocean floor starting to move , its contour incongruous with the rest of the graphic representation . the Science officer look stunne . the Captain bark command . the Crew leap into high gear . then the Captain reverse the trottle , and petal - to- the-metal he start to back out . the inky blood swirl past the plexi-dome . then suddenly , and impossibly , the submersible jerk to a halt . everybody go ass-over -teacup . equipment shatter . SPARKS fly . glass break . lot of yelling in japanese . the shinkai start to rock and shake . something have a hold on it . more equipment shatter . Men be throw about . then it stop rock . the sailor stop yell . everything go dead quiet . frightened eye share terror- fill look . a SOUND be heard come from the exterior of the ship , like foot rune across the outside of the hull . very creepy . the hull start to moan and creak from a unseen pressure . and then the sub begin to be crush like it 's a beer can . the metal hull torque on all side . rivet pop and SNAP . water sprays and shoot . more SPARKS fly . the steel plating dimple , crumble and scream in agony . chaos . pandemonium . and then the shinkai implode . a massive churning swirl of water , metal and man . smash CUT to : 14 south china sea - sunset 14 the saipan , a trick out jet foil , build for speed not look , gunmetal blue , lean and mean , rip across the choppy water . the Rolling Stones streetfight man pour out of the jet foil , reverberate over the wave , as the camera rush right at the windshield and into ... CUT to : 15 pilot house - sunset 15 stripped down , low frill , high tech ... ... where JOHN T. finnegan , bath in the last light of day , all taut muscle and sinew , all business , with every one of he 38 year etched on he rugge , good look face , be harness into the steering pylon , wrestle with he steering - stick , hold the bounce jetfoil steady as he can , haul ass , propel , it seem , by the music blast out of four state of the art speaker bolt to the metal wall . Light from the laser imager play across finnegan 's face . the face of a man in he element , on the edge , in control . he bark command into he radio headset . finnegan how we do out there ? through the windshield we see leila , a muscular filipina clamber over the foredeck . she 's drip wet . tough as nail . she turn to finnegan and " mouth " something into she headset . finnegan flash she he most charming smile . finnegan ( cont 'd ) yes , I be very warm and dry in here , thank you for you concern . his headset come alive withe the SOUND of leila bitching in a unintelligible foreign tongue . finnegan ( cont 'd ) a raise ? I already pay you two buck a day . he watch as leila fight the wind and seaspray and dog tight a series of hatch - latch across the foredeck . finnegan ( cont 'd ) miss one darling . leila turn and give he a " jerk - off " sign with she hand . finnegan ( cont 'd ) I love you too . the radar imager suddenly blink , and go to black . Dead . finnegan tap on the screen . nothing . tap on the console . still nothing . simultaneously two more imager shut down . his mouth screw tight . CUT to : 16 engine room - night 16 cramme wall to wall with enough horsepower to fly a 747 . pumped out of two thumping engine . the domain of a scruffy , shifty -ey , likeable little weasel of a mechanical genius ... joey pantucci . wearing a mechanic 's toolbelt , sling sideways across the hip like a gunslinger , sing the theme to " gilligan 's Island " over the engine 's roar . Way off - key . his hand cramme deep in a tangle of wire . on the wall be a few picture : of a few major league engine . of a few major league pinup , and a few of pantucci and finnegan ... together in the U.S. navy ... in front of the saipan in shinier day . pantucci ( sing ) " -- if not for the courage of the fearless crew -- " he tug at the wire . pantucci ( cont 'd ) " -- the minnow would be lose , the minowwww would be lose . " finnegan 's voice explode through he headset ... finnegan ( v.o. ) ( radio filter ) pantucci !! unperturbed , pantucci work at the wire . pantucci ( into radio ) can we use we indoor voice please ... finnegan ( v.o. ) ( radio filter ) I be fly blind here God damn it ! pantucci pull two wire from the tangle . pantucci you try to make I feel guilty ? he begin to strip the wire with he tooth . CUT to : 17 pilot house - sunset 17 finnegan peer out of the windscreen , try to see ahead of himself . finnegan guilty will be the least of what you feel when I run my rig into one of this god damn no name island ! get I well here ! CUT to : 18 engine room 18 pantucci twist one wire around another . pantucci all better ... 19 pilot house - sunset 19 the console light up . the screen come back on line . finnegan be pleased . pantucci ( v.o. ) now tell I again ... CUT to : 20 engine room 20 pantucci work he wrench around a engine mount . and he nervous eye around six man , big , bad man , stand on the far side of the engine out in a narrow passage . a maori( vivo ) . two aussy ( mason and mulligan ) . a samoan ( mamooli ) . a chinese ( chin ) . and a aborigine ( billy ) . tattooe , armed to the tooth , pack in kevlar body armor . mercenary . who would as soon wring you neck as shake you hand . and a sixth man . hanover . the obvious leader . smoother than the rest , but still show the edge of a man rise from they rank . he consult he watch with a grow concern . pantucci ... why we take this job ? CUT to : 21 pilot house - sunset 21 finnegan hit a button on he console . the Stones be replace by the first chord of layla . finnegan if I tell you once ... I tell you a thousand time ... CUT to : 22 engine room 22 pantucci ( rote ) I know ... I know ... if the cash be there we do not care ... ( nervous ) finnegan this be as mean a pile of shit as we ever carry ... pantucci notice hanover impatiently look at he watch again , and nod for a mass of aussie mean and muscle name mason to follow he up a ladder . pantucci ( cont 'd ) ... and some of it 's come you way . he quickly pull out a wrench , slap it over a bolt and tighten it down . the leak stop . he blow on the wrench like it 's a six - shooter , then spin it at the speed of light and holster it into he toolbelt . CUT to : 23 pilot house - sunset 23 as finnegan be watch the sea ahead , swathed in the shriek clapton guitar solos , the hatch open . hanover enter , follow by mason , who leave the hatch door ajar . finnegan 's eye remain fix on the sea . his ear on the clapton . hanover and mason hold onto any available rail as the boat slam over the wave . hanover you remember the first time we meet finnegan ? I think you be just start out ... smuggle gold off Sumatra for that two chinese ... what do we use to call they ? finnegan fok yu and fok yu two ... be we strolling down memory lane for any particular reason ? hanover no , it just strike I as odd ... I do not see you for all this year and you have still get the same tape stick in the box . finnegan you know what they say ... the classic be eternal . hanover look at the topo imager . holding onto the rail to keep he balance as the boat slam over the choppy sea . hanover so where be we ? finnegan point to a spot in the middle of the map . finnegan right here ... middle of nowhere ... hanover and where be we point of arrival ? finnegan point to another spot on the map . finnegan right here ... middle of nowhere ... and the answer to you question be yes . hanover which question be that ? finnegan the one you come up to ask ... be we on schedule ? hanover ( to mason ) take note Mr. mason ... this be why you hire a professional ... no whining . no excuse . mason ( attitude ) I have hear a lot of storey about you mate ... finnegan all of they flatter I be sure . mason they be ... but they musta be talk about another finnegan ... because the one I hear about be as rough as they come ... the one I be look at be , well , about as current as the music . hanover do not mind he finnegan ... you remember 25 ... ball of steel ... splash around in a sea of testosterone . finnegan I do not mind he ... but I do think it 's time for he to get back down below with the rest of the playgroup . mason and who 's gonna make I ? finnegan look at mason ... at the open hatchway just behind he ... finnegan the finnegan you hear about . ... and jam the steering stick full speed ahead . the force of acceleration tumble hanover into the console . mason tumble out the open hatchway , down the stair behind he . as he rise , hanover regards finnegan for a moment . a smile flit across he face . hanover that 's why we be sill around finnegan ... you and I ... nothing get the feather up . Business be business . eh ? finnegan 's hand find the console . he hit a button . the first strain of led Zepplin 's whole lotta love come roaring out of the speaker . finnegan and the classic be eternal . finnegan crank the sound to the max , pull back on both steer stick , and hold on , as the force of acceleration hammer he into the pylon . CUT to : 24 OPEN sea - sunset 24 the saipan roar off into the set sun , hell bent for leather . Zepplin scream in its wake . CUT to : 25 south china sea - night 25 sail through the mild water of the South China Sea , a luxury cruise liner . the fuji maru . top of the line . State of the art . and absolutely massive . no expense have be spare . breathtake . gunfire shatter the serenity of the night . CUT to : 26 fuji maru deck - night 26 a group of tony british passenger be shoot skeet . be night , the clay pigeon be glow - in- the-dark . they explode over the watersport platform , where two jet skis swing from harness , and two speedboat be be hoist up the side . CUT to : 27 crystal pool deck - night 27 rigged for a formal party . chinese lantern sway in the breeze . a band play . hundred of wealthy passenger , the man in tuxedo , the woman in drop dead gowns , drip with jewelry , dance , flirt , gossip , as a endless stream of waiter ply the floor with champagne laden trays . close on : the sexiest pair of spike heel ever to grace the foot of a woman , stop at the top of the deck . pan up : a shimmer golden gown , high slit on the side to reveal a perfect set of leg , a runway model 's body , a cover girl 's face ... and a thief 's sharp ferret eye . trillian . a class act from top to bottom . a head turner for either sex , and know it . she hold a orchid in she hand . trillian scan the crowd , look for she prey ... and find he . her Pov . the ship 's smug Captain . jean baptiste delcroix . she fix the orchid in she hair just so , about to move ... old woman he say a orchid and a beautiful woman belong together ... it be we first date . trillian look down to a petite old woman , dress impeccably , delicate , frail , she beauty long fade except from she eye . kindness become she , like moonlight do the night . old woman ( cont 'd ) he say that it be the orchid I wear that make he fall in love with I ... trillian he sound like a real gentleman . old woman the best of the best he be ... this cruise be suppose to be we 100th anniversary gift to each other . he die last spring ... trillian I be so sorry ... old woman I be go to wear one ... special for he ... like a memory ... the Old woman look at the orchid . and then at trillian . old woman ( cont 'd ) but without he here I do not know why I should . trillian take the orchid from she hair , and place it in the lapel of the woman 's jacket . trillian because a orchid and a beautiful woman belong together . the smile trillian bestow on the old woman be loving , sincere . the moment between they be break by the keen clear sound of a silver spoon tapping a crystal champagne flute . canton ( v.o. ) lady and gentleman ... angle on : the deck where the band stop play . voice hush . everyone turn to nigel canton , 65 , tall , elegant , every white hair perfectly in place , impeccably turn out , with the energy , and enthusiasm of a man half he age . canton stand at the head of the pool , in front of a wall size aquarium , flanke by he Captain . canton ( cont 'd ) all my life I have the dream of building the great pleasure ship ever to sail the seven seas ... tonight , see all of you here ... so elegant ... so beautiful ... so rich ... the crowd roar with laughter . canton ( cont 'd ) I realize my dream have come true ... I thank you all from the bottom of my heart for make it so ... canton lift he glass . canton ( cont 'd ) to the Fuji maru ! good time forever ! crowd forever !! here ! here ! the crowd swell around canton . angle on : the Captain chat up some passenger when a woman 's voice , seductive , beguile , turn he head to ... trillian ( french ) be it true what they say about a captain and he boat . the Captain 's libido rise as he gaze into trillian 's come hither eye . captain be what true madame ? trillian take one step closer , until she moist lip be purse inch from the captain 's . trillian ( french ) madamoiselle ... that the bigger the boat ... the bigger the man ... his breath catch . captain it be a theory I would be glad to put to the test . trillian draw even closer . if look could cause a man to climax . trillian ( french ) in school , the sister say testing be my specialty . passenger Captain ... drive to distraction , the Captain turn he attention for a moment to a passenger introduce he wife . passenger ( cont 'd ) my wife ... captain enchante ... angle on : trillian , turn from the captain into the crowd . c.u. on she hand by the side of she dress . a man 's wallet hold surreptitiously . her finger open the wallet , extract a thin gold card with a black stripe . she discard the wallet , keep the card , and disappear into the crowd . CUT to : 28 fuji maru bridge - night 28 top of the line . State of the art . the crew be multinational . English be the common language , but everyone have a accent . canton , the picture of self - satisfaction , enter , sip champagne . canton you want to see I Captain ? the Captain stand next to a bank of laser imaging system . canton step up . look down at the thermal radar imager . multi-color laser image . captain we have a storm rise behind we ... we may have to close the canopy , I hope it do not ruin you party . canton ( self -satisfy ) ruin my party ? Captain , this ship be build to withstand a typhoon . I can not imagine there 's anything on the sea today that could possibly ruin my party . smash CUT to : 29 jetfoil - night 29 c.u . a crowbar quietly pop the top off a wooden crate to reveal the lethal look tip of a torpedo ... pull back to : pantucci in the storage hold , surround by half a dozen crate , he wily eye pop wide with apprehension . he lick he lip nervously , look around and whisper into he headset . pantucci ( whisper ) finnegan ... finnegan ... a hand fall on he shoulder , spin he around to a fist come right into he face . CUT to : 30 pilot house - night 30 jimi hendrix . the STAR spangled banner . blast . as the jet foil rocket across the wave . leila , stripped out of she soaking wet clothes , down to she panty and bra , stand wiping she drip wet , magnificently rip body , with a dry towel . leila put she finger in she ear . leila gum kwa she bam dok . finnegan it 's not noise ... it 's genius ... and then over the headset , over the hendrix ... pantucci ( v.o. ) finnegannnn !! follow by the unmistakable sound of fist hit flesh . finnegan and leila trade a look . CUT to : 31 hold - night 31 a massive fist plow into pantucci 's stomach . he drop from the arm of mulligan , a scar-face irishman with a buzz cut . as quickly as he be double over he be yank up straight by the man who hit he , vivo , a merciless Maori , cover by tattoo , top off with venom . mulligan you know what my goal be ? before I die I want to make love to a woman from every country on earth . vivo you mean country that be acknowledge by the UN ... or like make up country too ? mulligan what the hell do that mean ? vivo like mamooli 's country ... mamooli what you talkin ' ? Samoa 's a county ! vivo it 's a dot on a map ... mulligan map...no map ... I do not give a shit ... they get woman on Samoa , it 's on the list . hanover Mr. billy you be in the batter 's box . hanover watch calmly as billy , the aborigine , crack he fist against the side of pantucci 's head , knock he out of vivo 's arm . billy at home we denosy the nosy . billy hoist pantucci . he draw he knife under pantucci 's bloody nose . hanover we be not savage here Mr. billy ... we be professional . hold he ... Mr. Chin ... the chinese merc step forward , and whap pantucci upside the head with a cruelly accurate crescent kick . pantucci hit the wall hard , crumble . Chin lift he . hanover ( cont 'd ) anyone else ? massive mason step forward . mason I will take a go and the I vote we throw the little weasel overboard ... mulligan I vote we slit he throat then throw he overboard ... mason raise he ham of a fist draw he tree trunk arm back , take dead aim at pantucci 's face . he never get the punch off . his arm be catch from behind . he look over he shoulder to finnegan . gripping he wrist . right in he face . finnegan ... this be not a democracy . you do not get a vote . mason , enraged , swing with he free hand . finnegan twist he arm sharply , send mason 's head into the steel wall , knock the big man senseless . the other mercenary go to draw they weapon . before the gun be out of holster , finnegan swing a spear gun into hanover 's face , a inch from he eye . finnegan ( cont 'd ) I will say it again for the hearing impair ... finnegan cock the spear . click ! hanover do not blink . everyone freeze . with he free hand finnegan lift pantucci to he unsteady foot , the spear stay poise . finnegan back out of the room . hanover this be not right finnegan . I have get a contract . finnegan ( reciting ) 20 hour on the clock . out and back . double for overtime . hanover and no question ask . finnegan who ask any ? hanover he do ... with a crowbar ... you know the rule on a break contract . finnegan I know it ... but you want to get where you want to get , and back ? I need a chief engineer , and unless you get a replacement , I would highly recommend overlook the indiscretion . with that finnegan lead pantucci out of the hold , slamm the door behind he . pantucci thanks ... finnegan turn he gaze to pantucci . it make the smaller man quiver . finnegan you put I in that position again I will throw you overboard myself . finnegan stalk off . pantucci swallow hard , know he mean it . CUT to : 32 fuji maru - night 32 a man stride down the hall of a executive passageway , he face obscure in shadow . he have a canister in he hand . walk through a door marked : " authorized personnel only " CUT to : 33 computer / control monitor room - night 33 the brain center for the whole ship . row of computer mainframe , laser - guide imager and d.t. processor . no human need . and none be present . except one -- the man stride purposefully down a row of computer , make a leave , then a right . he know exactly where he 's go . he arrive at a ultra-high - tech console . the cerebellum . Three similar canister be plugge into the console . the man unscrew the middle canister . screw he canister into its place . set the timer to 0:300 hour . pushes a button . the timer start to count down . CUT to : 34 the fuji maru - night 34 all lit up and look beautiful . the wind be stronger . the party be wilder . the band louder . the people drunker . rain begin to fall . everybody moan and head for cover . the deck 's huge hydralic canopy begin to close , revive the party spirit . CUT to : 35 vault room - night 35 a gold card with a black stripe slide into the security lock of a high tech vault . light blink . tumbler roll . one after another the electronic lock unlock . trillian stand back as the massive vault door swing open . with a quick look over she shoulder , she enter the vault . CUT to : 36 vault - night 36 trillian consult a list , look for one very specific vault box . find it , she pull a lock pick from she fabulous coiffure , and pick the lock in nothing flat . a pro . flip open the box , trillian remove the only thing she come for . a dazzle diamond ring with the center stone the size of a egg . with a twist , she pop the stone from the set , hold it up to admire it in the light ... canton ( v.o. ) it be a amazing stone ... trillian grit she tooth , and turn to ... canton , the Captain , and two burly chinese security man . canton ( cont 'd ) ... what be you plan on do with it ? trillian retire . canton well you can still proceed with you plan then ... in prison ... Captain ... escort the lady ... canton exit . the Captain step forward , and remove the diamond ring from trillian 's hand . captain Mademoiselle ... you be not a lady . he slap she across the face . trillian flush , touch the drop of blood at she lip ... and deck the Captain with a vicious right cross . trillian and you ... monsieur ... you be not a gentleman . CUT to : 37 vegetable locker - night 37 a hatch door burst open . trillian be throw inside . the door slam shut . trillian look around . no window . one door . lot of fruit and vegetable . trillian accept the hopelessness of she situation . she take a apple , sit down and bite deeply , run she option . CUT to : 38 computer / control monitor room - same time 38 the canister timer finish count down -- 4 -- 3 -- 2 -- 1 . it suddenly emit a high - energy hum . intense electro static , which build into ... CUT to : 39 saipan pilot house - night 39 ... a screeching guitar solo ... the allman Brothers Band pulse out of the speaker . finnegan be prepping the wound over pantucci 's eye for suture . as he swab it carefully , leila be at the helm keep the speed , bounce , boat on course . pantucci here 's what I think ... I think this moke below be a hit squad . finnegan I see this guy perform ... at altmont ... you know that ? they open for the Stones ... he carefully thread the surgical needle . pantucci right now ... there 's some bozo sit on he yacht at that coordinate they give we , sip he scotch and soda ... totally unawares that we be about to deliver 500 kg of high power torpedo to light up he ass ... that 's what 's down there in that hold and who know what the hell else ... CUT to : 40 hold - night 40 the top of another wooden crate be pop revealing the answer to pantucci 's question : a chill display of firepower . pulse rifle . Hand hold gatling gun with laser sighting . oblong grenade . the latest in death delivery system . hanover and he man lift and load . slam shell into chamber . ka - chang ! ka - chang ! ka -chang ! this boy know they toy . CUT to : 41 pilot house - night 41 finnegan hold still now ... I be like three row back . finnegan center the needle over pantucci 's wound . finnegan ( cont 'd ) ... Jagger be here ... I be here ... pantucci you do not give a shit about anything do you ? finnegan sure I do ... I give a shit that at 0300 hour we reach we point of destination . I give a shit that that mojo get to do what they get to do , and 45 minute later we be turn around and go . I give a shit that by the time the sun come up we be all safely tuck in bed . pantucci that 's it ? that 's all you give a shit about ? finnegan oh yeah ... and that my stitch job do not make you uglier than you already be ... this will not hurt a bit ... finnegan sink the needle into the wound . pantucci 's scream rise above the music . CUT to : 42 fuji maru - night 42 the Fuji maru cruise through rain - lashed water . accompany by a very scary musical score . then suddenly , in the extreme foreground , AIR bubble angrily gurgle to the surface . then a wave explode , as if thrashed from below . then another wave explode , forty foot to the right . then another , eighty foot to the leave . and then almost see : huge , black , ominous thing seem to be squirming beneath the water . head for the Fuji maru . CUT to : 43 crystal foredeck - night 43 rain pelt the canopy . lightning flash . thunder rumble . we can hear the party inside . music , laugh and cheer . CUT to : 44 the bridge - night 44 the entire room seem to be fritzing out . the light crackle on and off . the Captain stand behind the bank of fail imaging system , grow edgier by the moment . mate the entire bridge electrical system be shutting down sir ! captain switch over to auxiliary power , and run a circuit check . mate yes sir ... the com . officer be busy fiddling with the communication and imaging gear . distorted light from the scramble system play off they face . com . officer we be lose radar and sonar ! first mate Communications system be out sir ! the Captain be confound , on the edge of panic . canton hurry onto the bridge . canton what the hell be go on ? captain communication system have fail ! radar...sonar...radios ... I do not understand it . mate maybe it 's the storm ! canton nonsense ! we be impervious to weather ! fist mate we have a main frame meltdown !! canton well unmelt it !! canton storm out . every piece of electrical equipment on the bridge start to shut down . smash CUT to : 45 hull - night 45 where the wave meet the hull , a ballast hole excrete water . suddenly , near the ballast hole , a wave explode , thrash from below . accompany by the scary forebode music again . CUT to : 46 vegetable storage - night 46 trillian , make the best of a bad situation , be just put the finish touch on a wonderful salad cull from the store . as she sit down , spread a makeshift napkin on she lap just so , a violent sucking SOUND come from above she . trillian 's eye shoot upward . a vicious gurgling SOUND race through a large pipe along the ceiling . trillian leap to she foot . back away . a little spook . CUT to : 47 stateroom bathroom - night 47 a elegant woman sit on the toilet , she gown hike up inelegantly , read " vogue . " as she turn the page the same strange sound , a violent suck , come from inside the wall , startling she . she look around the room . can not see anything . shrug it off . go back to she magazine . turn another page . a long scary beat . and then suddenly -- she shudder violently and give a sharp cry . her eye fill panic . she try to stand , but she 's jerked back down ! her arm flail wildly . scatter stuff off the counter . she try to scream , but it come out more like a gurgle . below she , in the toilet , there be a hideous slurping SOUND . she manage a final , desperate scream , a high - pitch wail . which nobody hear because ... CUT to : 48 pool deck - night 48 ... the Band have kick into another rock song . the drunken reveler whoop and holler , dance with reckless abandon ignore the thunder and lightning . and then ... with a loud basso profundo clang , the cruise liner jerk to a stop . everything go crash . people tumble . table topple . the music stop as the entire Band fall into the pool . CUT to : 49 vegetable storage - night 49 trillian go ass -over -teacup , roll over just in time to see a wall of box crashing straight down on she . smash ! she 's knock out cold . CUT to : 50 watersport platform - night 50 one of the speedboat break free of its harness . topples over the side and drop down into the sea . splash ! CUT to : 51 pool deck - night 51 everything go quiet . everybody freeze . panic be a heartbeat away . a flash of lightning light up the top of the canopy . the passenger begin to mutter fearfully . from he perch , canton fight down he own panic , and address the crowd in calm reassure tone . canton lady and gentleman ... you attention please ... lady and gentleman ... the disquieted crowd turn to canton . canton ( cont 'd ) this be the most technologically advanced sailing vessel on the water today . every problem have be anticipate ... the Captain have assure I that we will be up and run in no time ... so enjoy yourselves ... there 's nothing to worry about ... suddenly , and quite violently , a woman be sucked under the water -- thwup ! other swimmer notice and freeze . the woman do not come back up . and then , three more swimmer be violently jerked under . all the people in and around the pool see this and panic . scream . yelling . swimming . swimming and running . a crack of thunder ! the Captain call out -- captain remain calm ! stop ! do you hear ? remain calm ! the pool clear . everybody back the hell away from it . the water in the pool bubble , and gurgle , and then go quiet . and then , from somewhere deep within the bowel of the ship , come a loud , eerie , primordial yowl . we push in on canton : his eye slowly widen . stun . his calm replace by pure terror . canton dear God . CUT to : 52 south china sea - night 52 off in the distance be the cruiseliner . we hold for a long , silent , eerie beat . and then the scream begin ... slow dissolve to : 53 saipan - night 53 blast through increasingly stormy seas . CUT to : 54 pilot house - night 54 finnegan notice billy , mulligan and vivo set two catapult like device on the front of the deck . finnegan leila see what they be up to ... leila exit . finnegan 's eye go up from the action on deck to the radar screen , where a blip , fast move , right toward the jet foil catch he attention . finnegan ( cont 'd ) what the hell ... smash CUT to : 55 saipan - night 55 a flash of lightning reveal -- the speedboat from the Fuji maru hurtle at the hull ! baaroooom !!! the speedboat slam into the saipan . instant fireball . angle on : the merc and leila slam to the deck . smash CUT to : 56 hold - night 56 a gash be ripped out of the bow . metal fly . water sprays . the new hole vomit flame . spew it over the crate . hanover and the rest of he man be blow against the wall . CUT to : 57 engine room - night 57 pantucci dive as fly shrapnel pepper the two engine . instantly kill one engine . maim the other . a FIRE start . CUT to : 58 pilot house - night 58 red warning light flash and blink . lighting up the console . the leave steering stick die in finnegan 's hand . finnegan joey !! talk to I ! CUT to : 59 engine room - night 59 mayhem ... Fire spew out of the engine . pantucci spray a fire extinguisher frantically . where the shrapnel enter the hull water now spurt with every wave . smoke and water , oil and fire . pantucci Jezebel 's dead ... hercules be right behind she ! we get a gusher in the hull ! CUT to : 60 pilot house - night 60 as the saipan come to a halt , finnegan lose play in he remain stick . finnegan shit !! finnegan lock the stick down , and run out . CUT to : 61 hold - night 61 track with finnegan run through the smoke fill hold , past hanover and the merc 's who be pull themselves off the floor , right into the ... engine room . where pantucci be beside himself in smoke and sputtering flame . pantucci what do you do to my kid !! finnegan I ?? pantucci no ! the man in the moon !! who 's drive this thing ? finnegan notice something on the floor . he pick up a shard of the speedboat propeller . strange . hanover step into the room . hanover what happen ? finnegan look at the piece of speedboat in he hand . finnegan we run into a speedboat ... he show the piece of speed boat to hanover . who stare at it . finnegan see the hint of recognition in he eye . finnegan ( cont 'd ) speedboat in the middle of the ocean ... hanover how soon can we get up and run ? finnegan we can not ... we get one engine dead , and the other limping badly . hanover I have a schedule ... pantucci I spend two year building this thing ... screw you schedule ! mason grab pantucci by the throat , lift he off the ground . mason you little weasel ! finnegan slam the piece of speed boat into the back of mason 's knee buckle he to the floor . in the blink of a eye there be the barrel of a .45 press hard against he head , hanover at the trigger end . hanover we be talk about my schedule ... finnegan you be go to have to get a new one . hanover not a option . finnegan then you better start swim . hanover crack finnegan across the face with the barrel of the gun . finnegan 's head spin . he touch the corner of he mouth , and come away with blood , and a look of murder in he eye . hanover slam a round in the chamber . hanover one more joke and you comedy career be over . now fix this . pantucci with what ? look at they ... they need gear ... cylinder head ... oil pan ... we be in the middle of the goddamn ocean ... finnegan I think he know that joey . pantucci good ! so maybe he also know where the hell be I go to get the part I need ... mulligan come run in . mulligan target in sight !! CUT to : 62 saipan - night 62 everybody stand on deck as hanover scan the darkness through a pair of infrared binocular . hanover contact verify ! you know the drill gentleman ! the merc 's scatter below deck . hanover hand the binocular to finnegan . hanover ( cont 'd ) Care to see what dream be make of finnegan ? finnegan 's Pov through the binocular . the Fuji maru in the distance , light up , beautiful . CUT to : 63 deck - night 63 bam ! bam ! two grapple hook fly from the barrel of the two catapult bolt to the deck , landing on the deck of the Fuji maru , which loom above the saipan . vivo pull on the line until they go taut . finnegan , pantucci , and leila stand by watch as the merc in full assault gear , communication headsets in place , get ready for action . vivo line set . mason swivel the big harpoon gun on the bow . mason tow line ! vivo clear ! he fire the harpoon . it shoot and slam into the rear deck of the Fuji maru . mason tow line secure . hanover secure the zone of operation !! Swift , athletic , the merc leap onto the line and scramble hand over hand toward the Fuji maru 's deck . hanover ( cont 'd ) when I be a little bit of a pissant we live down the road from where all the big cruise ship use to come into Sydney harbor ... the first merc reach the Fuji maru 's deck , and toss life line down to hanover . hanover ( cont 'd ) mum and I we use to sit by we front door and watch they ... she use to say " one day you be go to make you fortune in life on one of they ... " hanover hand one line to finnegan , one to pantucci . the third he attaches around he waist . finnegan great woman you mother . Real foresight . hanover and she could do a hell of a barbie to boot ! belt up . you will find all the part you need up there . finnegan and pantucci comply . finnegan I assume somebody up there have make sure no distress signal can be send . hanover I would say that 's a pretty good assumption . pantucci ( nervous ) you know the crew could be armed . hanover with what ? martinis and tanning oil ? hanover hand signal to he man above . the line go taut . finnegan , pantucci , and hanover be hoist to the deck of the Fuji maru . CUT to : 64 fuji maru deck - night 64 deathly silent . not a soul be about . the merc be deploy in a close military defense pattern . hanover synchronize watch ... everyone hit a button on they watch . hanover ( cont 'd ) 25 minute ... by the number . engine room and machine shop be on the third sub deck ... vivo ... mulligan go with they ... keep in touch ... move out ... CUT to : 65 saipan engine room - night 65 a thick black hose weave it 's way across the flood floor , suck water . leila up to she knee in water , wear a blast visor , stripped down to she skivvy , wield a welder against the gape hole in the hull . as the boat dip in the wave water sloshes in . billy sit on the stair try to stay dry . he go to light a cigarette . leila ( angry ) kwan bat ! kwam bat ! booom !! she point the acetalyne tank she work with . billy ( bother ) yeah ... yeah ... yeah ... billy head for the deck . leila look after he in disgust . leila asshole ... she ignites she torch , be about to flick she visor down again when a loud gurgle , a suck sound , stop she . she cut the torch . look around nervously ... and then she spot the suction hose suck away . she smile to herself . flip the visor , fire the torch , and go back to work . CUT to : 66 fuji maru deck passageway - night 66 a alert mulligan lead finnegan and pantucci around a corner . vivo bring up the rear . pantucci you would think they would set a deck watch ... flash to : the deck full of people party , carouse . the railing be line with 15 lifeboat suspend in they harness . flash back to : mulligan , finnegan , pantucci and vivo stare at a completely desert deck . the lifeboat harness swing in the breeze , eerily empty . mulligan look back to vivo . mulligan I think the plan be we would evacuate they after we get through . vivo maybe plan change ... mulligan plan do not change ... pantucci maybe it 's the wrong ship . mulligan shut up ! and then a strange yowl echoe from somewhere deep in the bowel of the ship . finnegan and pantucci trade a look . finnegan let 's just keep go . mulligan ( nervous ) you be not give the order here ! and again the yowl . everyone freeze . mulligan ( cont 'd ) let 's keep go ! CUT to : 67 crystal pool deck - night 67 hanover , mason , and Chin set foot on the desert pool deck . flash to : the pool deck be jamme with people party . the band play . two kid toss a beach ball back and forth . the ball fly over one boy 's head ... flash back to : the ball fall into the empty pool ... where the band 's instrument litter the bottom along a big jag crack . mason what the ... uneasy , hanover and he man look around at the over turn chair . the smashed aquarium . Chin bend down and pick up a small squid from the bottom of the smashed aquarium . the squid wrap its tentacles around Chin 's hand almost immediately . Chin regards it with curiosity . hanover focus on the task Mr. Chin ... ... and then the yowl freeze they . c.u. on hanover 's face . his eye flicker with uncertainty ... and a tinge of fear . CUT to : 68 grand atrium lobby - night 68 ding ! flash to : a glass elevator descend through the spectacular atrium , full of elegant well - dress people laugh , chat . ding ! flash back to : mulligan , vivo , pantucci , and finnegan , stand amidst the shattered glass and break furniture , whirling to the elevator door open . mulligan , nerve ajangle , and vivo , swing they pulse rifle up hard as the door open to reveal ... and empty elevator ! ding ! the door close . the car start to ascend in the eerie silence . the merc watch it go with grow uneasiness . CUT to : 69 fuji maru bridge - dawn 69 the door to the bridge be kicked OPEN . mason and Chin leap inside . gun out front . on edge . the overhead light flicker on and off . the imager screen be all black . the steering wheel slowly rock . as if a invisible captain be steering a ghost ship . hanover enter . eye shifting . suspicious , and a bit nervous . hanover what the hell be go on ? CUT to : 70 the frisco bar and casino - dawn 70 mulligan lead finnegan , pantucci , vivo into the casino . the place look like a mess . tables and chair be upend . glass and bottle be shattered everywhere . and there 's blood on the floor . a bell ring loudly and the trolley car start to move ! electronic voice next stop , Chinatown ! everyone jump , freak . mulligan and vivo spin around and OPEN FIRE . start blowing the shit out of the trolley car . the gun sound like nothing we have ever hear . rolling thunder . absolutely deafen . CUT to : 71 fuji maru - day 71 the gunfire echoes through the hull . suddenly , with a loud splash , a sixteen - foot - long lifeboat pop to the surface . then another life boat pop up . then another . then three more off to the port side . then two more off to the starboard . it 's as if the SOUND of the gunfire be somehow release the boat from they watery grave . they start to drift away . spooky quiet . CUT to : 72 frisco bar and casino - night 72 bullet rake the trolley 's metal side . the windshield explode . finnegan yell at mulligan and vivo -- finnegan guy !! whoa ! whoa ! whoa ! whoooaaa !! finnegan finally tilt the muzzle of mulligan 's gun to the ceiling . they stop fire . a little wigge - out . they professional demeanor go by the board . all go quiet . they look at finnegan , who be the picture of calm . finnegan ( cont 'd ) guy ... get a grip . the trolley car reverse . the electronic voice be now cracked -- electronic voice next stop , fisherman 's wharf . mulligan whirl , he gun poise . just then he headset crackle . hanover ( v.o. ) ( radio filter ) this be Red one ... status report . finnegan lean in towards mulligan 's mike . finnegan ( into radio ) you boy just kill a trolley car Red one . mulligan pull the radio away . mulligan ( into radio ) we be down three deck , there 's nobody home ... total spooky - town . advise on how to proceed . CUT to : 73 conning tower - night 73 hanover look around at the empty bridge , the blink light . hanover stay to the schedule . stay to the plan . nothing have change . but the look in hanover 's slightly unnerve eye tell a different story . CUT to : 74 fugi maru storage room - day 74 trillian goggily crawl out from under a mound of box . her leave eye 's get a nice purple shiner . her elegant gown be rip . a very strange SOUND come from behind the wall . wet. gooey . slithery . ominous . trillian freeze . trillian hello ? the SOUND slowly move across the wall . then another wall start to gurgle . trillian spin around . she force herself not to panic . very cautiously , take small measure step she reach the handle to the freezer , and try to open it . no go . the gurgle ripple above she . her mouth go dry as she eye follow the sound across the ceiling . her hand go to she hair . she pull she lock pick out , and very slowly kneel down until she be eye level with the door lock . she begin to pick she way out , she ear and eye follow the gurgle above . suddenly the sound stop . the silence make trillian 's heart sound that much louder . she sidle close to the wall . trillian ( cont 'd ) hello ? still silence . cautious , she tap on the wall . for a moment nothing . and then ... whamm !! something slam against the wall from the other side in response . trillian fall back against the door , she heart in she throat . CUT to : 75 engine chamber - day 75 a maze of pipe , hose , gear , engine and catwalk . thing be hissing , humming , rumbling and clanking . a spooky place . dark. damp. eerie . ominous . mulligan and vivo , look more nervous by the moment , lead the way . finnegan and pantucci follow . pantucci ( rattling , nervous ) you know what I be gonna do after this ... I be gonna get a normal life ... finnegan ( calm ) joey ... pantucci ... like a house in the suburb ... maybe a couple of kid ... some sort of business ... be in the bowl league ... go to the ball game ... finnegan turn to pantucci , he voice even , calm , almost kind . finnegan joey ... it 's okay ... pantucci what ? you do not think I can have a normal life ? finnegan joey ... look at I ... he force pantucci to look he in the eye . finnegan ( cont 'd ) we be gonna get what we gotta get ... do what we gotta do ... and get the hell outta here ... okay ? pantucci draw he strength from finnegan . he force himself to take a deep breath . pantucci okay ... suddenly , overhead , something black and veiny skitter across the mass of pipe , so fast it shock pantucci back into the wall . mulligan what the ...??? he and vivo spin they gun at the pipe . the red dot of they laser sight sweep the shadowy web of metal . nothing . mulligan ( cont 'd ) come on ... the sooner we get outta here the better I will feel . mulligan and vivo move forward . pantucci ( quiet ) finnegan ... finnegan turn to pantucci , who have not move from where he hit the wall . finnegan it 's okay ... come on ... pantucci ( scared ) I be stick ... pantucci try to pull away from the wall . he be stick . mulligan ( jumpy ) hey ! what be you try to pull ! pantucci ( plead ) John ... finnegan take pantucci by the front of he shirt , ignore mulligan . finnegan relax you arm ... slowly ... that 's it ... as finnegan pull , pantucci do as he be tell . he slip away from the wall . the jacket do not . mulligan what the ... he reach out to touch the wall . finnegan grab he wrist , grab a flashlight from vivo 's utility belt and shine it on the wall . they Pov -- the entire wall be cover in a strange , yellow , secrete gelatin . laid on in some sort of weird , inhuman , geometric pattern . like a spider web . CUT to : 76 the saipan be hold - day 76 leila have weld half the hole shut . a gush of water suddenly pour through the other half . leila cut the torch . leila gebop !! the ka- chunk-ka-chunk of the pump be like a loud scary heartbeat . leila remove she blast visor . wipe she brow . -- a mangle corpse gushes in through the gape hole ! leila scream . bloody murder . scare shitless . quickly back away . actually , it 's only half a corpse . the bottom half have be eat away . it 's wear a tuxedo . the corpse 's face be tightly constrict , eye wide open , a grotesque death mask . leila shake like a leaf , waist - deep in seawater . CUT to : 77 saipan deck - night 77 billy be stare out at all the lifeboat as they drift away . all he can hear be the loud ka - chunk-ka-chunk of the pump . he talk into he headset -- billy ( into radio ) I dunno where they come from , turn around and there they be . ( pause ) no , no passenger . ( pause ) no shit I will keep my eye open . CUT to : 78 engine room - night 78 leila tremble in the waist-high water . the pump' heartbeat seem to have get louder . ka - chunk-ka-chunk-ka-chunk . leila slowly start edging she way around the corpse . ka - chunk-ka-chunk-ka-chunk-ka-chunk . her eye be transfix , stare at the abomination , too scared to scream . ka - chunk-ka-chunk-ka-chunk . her back be to the gape hole as she slowly start to pass in front of it . ka - chunk-ka-chunk-ka-chunk . the water swirl around she waist . ka - chunk-ka-chunk-ka-chunk . she 's almost past the gape hole now . ka - chunk-ka-chunk-ka-chunk ... then something grab she ! she scream ! and fall back towards the gape hole -- but it 's only a twisted piece of metal off a strut . she exhales . relieved . ka - chunk-ka-chunk-ka-chunk . suddenly , leilax whole body spasm . she screech wildly , in great pain . the she 's ripped backward out through the gape hole . gone. water sloshes back in . ka - chunk-ka-chunk-ka-chunk . CUT to : 79 fuji maru machine shop - night 79 knee deep in water , a edgy mulligan watch finnegan as he disassemble piece of a thermal carburetor from a auxiliary generator . his eye keep shifting around . over in the far corner vivo be watch pantucci work over a metal lathe , repair the cylinder head . Metal -on-metal . vivo sit up on a barrel , try to keep he foot out of the water . finnegan the hull of this thing be suppose to be impregnable ... mulligan so ? finnegan so ... if the hull 's impregnable why be my foot wet ? mulligan why do not you just stop figure and keep work so we can get the hell out of here ? pantucci why do not you help we so we can get do faster so we can get the hell out of here ? mulligan ' Cause grease monkey be not in my job description dick head ... vivo pull he foot further up on the barrel . vivo what I want to know be why the goddamn ocean be always cold ... since I be a kid I hate god damn cold water . then out of the corner of he eye , vivo see something move . he spin around . nothing but pipe and hose . mulligan ( nervous ) what be that ? vivo nothing . mulligan someone 's back there . vivo hey ! come out here ! finnegan and pantucci stop work . all eye be focus on the maze of pipe . thing be hissing , humming and rumbling . nothing move . mulligan check it out ! vivo hey ! you hear I ? come out ! still no response . mulligan will you check it the hell out !! disgust , vivo put he foot in the water , gingerly . vivo man this shit be cold ! he walk toward the mass of hiss pipe . his pulse rifle rise . vivo ( cont 'd ) I be gonna kick you ass for put I through this ... then he hear a strange slurping and sucking SOUND come from behind some gear at the end of a little alleyway . vivo ( cont 'd ) I be not screwing around with you man ... I hate the cold water . mulligan what be it man ? vivo I be look ... vivo slowly go in for a closer look , gun out front , head down the little alleyway . he look behind some pipe . the slurping get louder . then he see it . his eye widen -- vivo ( cont 'd ) on shit ! and that 's the last thing he ever say . because just then , from a dark area between the pipe , something shoot out ! mulligan , finnegan , and pantucci stare in horrify amazement as vivo be viciously yanked into the pipe . a moment later a wash of blood be flung across a wall . mulligan freak out , aim he rifle at the pipe . mulligan vivo !! vivo !! as mulligan 's attention divert , finnegan instinctively head for vivo 's rifle , lie on the floor . mulligan swing around . kachunk !! his rifle be armed . the laser dot fix on finnegan 's forehead . mulligan ( cont 'd ) touch it and you be dead , asshole ! finnegan freeze , look up at a very freak out mulligan . pantucci do not shoot , man , do not shoot ! mulligan what happen to vivo ?! what the hell happen to vivo ? everybody 's breathe hard . freak out . Major tension . blood drip down the wall . CUT to : 80 vault room - night 80 trillian step up to the vault , look around , a bit nervous , something be definitely not right here . trillian helloooo ? she shrug , must be she imagination . from inside she low cut dress she pull the Captain 's gold security card . she be about to run it through the reader slot when ... v.o . ahem ... she spin to ... hanover , mason , mamooli and Chin . look grim . trillian ( recover ) I be sorry ... this area be for authorize personnel only . as the assistant to the purser , I be afraid I will have to ask you to vacate ... mason and Chin lift they pulse-rifle . kachunk !! trillian ( cont 'd ) or maybe not . hanover where be everybody ? trillian be confuse -- trillian what do you mean ? hanover step forward , right in she face . hanover ( threaten ) I mean ... where be everybody ? trillian poolside ? hanover grab trillian by the throat and slam she against the wall . he ram he gun against she forehead . hanover you tell it straight or I pull the trigger . who be you ? trillian ( choke ) a passenger ... hanover blink . hanover where be the other passenger ? trillian shrug . mason grab the card out of she hand . mason forget she ... let 's get what we come for and get the hell out of here ! mason run the card through the slot . the electronics kick in . light flash . tumblers roll . click ! it unlock . hanover 's headset come alive with mulligan scream . hanover mulligan ?? what ?? I can not hear you ?? repeat I ... -- mason jerk the vault door open . a FIRE - axe swing down into he head , whump ! kill he instantly . eye wide open . everybody freak out . jump back . hanover let go of trillian , and stare into the vault directly at Nigel canton . holding the axe . canton oh my God . I do not mean to ... behind canton the Captain be on the floor , in severe pain , he clothes be rip up , revealing nasty look red scar , blister and puffy , all over he chest and arm . canton ( cont 'd ) I think it be one of they ! Chin jam he rifle to the middle of canton 's forehead , and cock a round into the chamber . hanover stand down soldier ! but this be one soldier who be slow to obey the order . hanover grab Chin by both shoulder and give a colossal yank . hanover ( cont 'd ) I say ... he slam Chin against the wall . in the process he lose he headset . hanover ( cont 'd ) stand down !! Chin and hanover stare at each other , they chest heaving . mason finally drop to the ground . all she write . canton I do not mean to ! I though it be one of they ! hanover one of who ?! CUT to : 81 machine shop - night 81 the machinery be sputtering , and sparking , short , steaming as the sea rise . mulligan , in a panic , have back finnegan and pantucci into a corner . he scream over he headset . mulligan hanover !... hanover ! come in ! come in you son-of -a-bitch ! no response . a suck sound come from the dark mass of pipe . mulligan spin . mulligan ( cont 'd ) hanover !! hanover !! finnegan forget they ... mulligan spin back to finnegan and pantucci . mulligan ( fry ) shut up ! you hear I !! finnegan ... we gotta get outta here -- now . mulligan shut up , man , just shut the hell up ! I gotta think ! I gotta think !! pantucci what 's there to think about ?? that thing back there ... mulligan there be not no thing here !! no thing !! there 's you he and I !! get it ! you he and ... suddenly , mulligan 's legs be suddenly jerked out from under he . he hit the floor hard . start firing wildly . finnegan and pantucci hit the watery deck . bullet ricochet everywhere . mulligan be whipped across the floor . scream in fear . his pulse-rifle go fly . he 's slammed into a metal pylon , then sucked into a dark void in the pipe . all in the blink of a eye . finnegan grab mulligan 's pulse-rifle . open FIRE . blasting the shit out of anything and everything that move . finnegan grab the part !! pantucci grab the knapsack , cram as many part as he can into it as finnegan keep fire into the steaming , creak , sparking machinery . finnegan ( cont 'd ) I will cover ! move ! move ! pantucci do not have to be tell twice . he run like hell , with finnegan fire a final burst , and follow . CUT to : 82 vault - night 82 everyone hear the massive gunfire . hanover look around for the source of the sound . he find it in he discard headset . hanover this be Red one ! come in Red two ! the gunfire stop , replace by a ominous , horrifying , suck sound . canton ( panicked ) it 's they ! we have get to get off ! he run out of the vault . the Captain follow close behind . hanover listen to the suck sound get louder and louder . hanover let 's find they ! chin what about the vault ? hanover it 's not go anywhere ... hanover rush out with Chin right behind . only trillian remain , breathe deeply , scared ... but not scared enough to forget the reason she come cruise in the first place . she go right to the vault , open one of the box , remove the giant diamond , drop it down she decolletage , pull she high heel off , and run out . CUT to : 83 engine room - night 83 finnegan and pantucci run to the end of a long section of metal grate , right below a staircase , to catch they breath . everything have go dead quiet , except for the billow and clanging of the engine . smoke and spark obscure they vision . pantucci finnegan , what the hell be that ? finnegan I do not know ... you get what we need ? pantucci if I do not , I be not go back to get it ... you think we be safe ? both of they listen to the silence . and then , at the far end of the grate , one grate rise ... and fall . finnegan and pantucci watch , transfix . then , like a locomotive gather speed , the grate start rise and fall , faster and faster , clanking louder and louder , head right for the two of they . louderfasterlouderfaster !!! finnegan come on !! finnegan and pantucci run up the stair as fast as they can ... just as the grate they be stand on rise and fall . silence return . except for the steaming , creak machinery ... and a ominous suck sound . CUT to : 84 passageway - night 84 trillian come run down the passageway to a freight elevator . look over she shoulder , she hit the button . the elevator door open to a freight elevator large enough to hold a dozen people . trillian rush in and hit the up button . she breathes a sigh of relief as the steel door close ... until the elevator start go down . trillian up !! I want to go up ! she panic . and start push the up button frantically , she heart pound in she chest . there be not a sound except for the hum of the elevator descend ... until something drop on the roof with a thump ! trillian scream . the elevator come to a bump stop . trillian ( cont 'd ) no ... no ... trillian shrink from the ceiling of the elevator ... and then the car start to move again . trillian ( cont 'd ) go up ... please go up ! trillian pound on ever button on the console , to no avail . the car continue its inexorable descent . finally , in desperation , she hit the emergency stop button . the elevator stop . the emergency siren whine . a long beat . nothing move ... and then ... wham ! something beat on the roof , try to break in . and again -- wham ! the elevator shudder and continue its descent . trillian back up against the wall , stare at the ceiling , scared . the elevator ding ! startle , trillian scream . the door start to OPEN . panicked , trillian raise the only weapon at she disposal ... a high heel . the door OPEN . -- something lunge in ! trillian swing she high heel ... right into pantucci 's face ! finnegan plow in right behind he . pantucci owww !! oowww !!! trillian try to run out . finnegan grab she . trillian I be not stay here ! finnegan it be not any better out there ! trillian struggle . finnegan do not let go of she . finnegan ( cont 'd ) Lady , I be tell you ... trillian bury she high heel into the back of finnegan 's hand , break he grip . finnegan ( cont 'd ) oww ! just then , the door to the elevator shut , and the car start to ascend . trillian now look what you do ! finnegan I save you life be what I do ! trillian who ask you to ! pantucci what the hell 's go on here ? trillian you be with that other bunch , right ? finnegan what other bunch ? trillian the thief . finnegan I be not a thief . trillian then who be you ? finnegan I be they ride . trillian hear music to she ear . trillian you have a boat ? her demeanor change , she voice go to honey . pantucci finnegan ! trillian and finnegan turn to pantucci who be look down at the floor where a mass of yellow slime have drip from the ceiling . all look up to the yellow goo drip from the ceiling ... follow by a suck sound . trillian it 's up there !! finnegan lift he pulse rifle and blast the ceiling . the suck sound stop . finnegan not anymore . the elevator stop . ding ! the door open . finnegan whirl he rifle , rise . trillian lift she high heel , ready to strike ... hanover , Chin , and mamooli have they massive gun train on the car . the Captain and canton quiver behind they . there be a momentary stand off . hanover where be my man ? finnegan Dead . chin yaahhh !! Chin charge finnegan , the butt of he rifle raise to smash finnegan 's skull . finnegan parry and drive Chin into the rear wall of the elevator . mamooli jump finnegan from behind , wrapping he rifle against finnegan 's throat . pantucci jump on mamooli 's massive back , rip at he face . finnegan drop , bury he elbow in mamooli 's solar plexus , spin , and have he knife out of he boot and at mamooli 's throat in a flash . angle on : trillian . impress . she have no idea . hanover Drop it ! finnegan look up into the barrel of hanover 's gun ... and a pair of eye that will use it . finnegan do as he be tell . hanover ( cont 'd ) now , back up ! again , finnegan do as he be tell . hanover ( cont 'd ) everybody in ! the Captain and canton be only to happy to comply . as they slip in , trillian try to slip out . hanover swing he gun on she . hanover ( cont 'd ) where be you go ? trillian ( freezing ) nowhere ... finnegan hanover , listen ... hanover shut up ! hanover hit the elevator button . the elevator start to rise . hanover ( cont 'd ) now , where 's mulligan ? where 's vivo ? finnegan I tell you ... pantucci man , there 's something here ! on the boat ! canton you see ? you see ? hanover shut up ! shut up all of you ! now here 's what we be do ... mamooli be go to take you back to fix you engine , Chin and I be stay here to finish the job ... finnegan do you clear this ? hanover with who ? all of a sudden , the car be jerk to a halt , as if some giant hand be yanking on the cable . finnegan with that ... and then , the elevator jerk down again . and up . everyone be throw about like straw . everyone be shouting , panicked . and then the jerk stop ... and the sound of suck surround the car . the cable start twist , creak sickeningly above they head . pantucci it 's gonna snap the cable ! trillian start hit the button frantically . trillian open ! open ! God damn it !! finnegan be at the door , pull they with all he might . finnegan help I !! pantucci , then mamooli , then hanover and Chin pull at the door as trillian keep hit the button . the door part a bit . finnegan ( cont 'd ) they be come ! they be come ! the door fly open to ... a solid wall . finnegan ( cont 'd ) oh shit ... and silence ... until the door slam shut ... the cable snap ... and the car plummet ! scream and shouting mix with the bloodcurdle shriek of the metal elevator frame against the shaft . finnegan 's eye go to the floor indicator . 13 12 -- 11 -- 10 -- 9 -- 8 -- 7 -- 6 -- 5 -- 4 ! 13 a automate voice rapidly call out right along with it -- voice 4th floor . 3rd floor . 2nd floor . 1st floor ... down , down , down it go . faster and faster . but the elevator do not stop at the first floor . it keep drop . the floor indicator blink : " sublevel . sublevel . sublevel . " canton it 's take we to the bottom of the ship ! finnegan hang on ! cable SNAP . metal scream . the elevator start to buckle . which be actually good , because it 's get jamme sideways in the shaft which slow it down . the it hit bottom with a resounding crash . CUT to : 85 sublevel lobby - day 85 the door blow out into the darken hallway . for a long moment nothing move , then finnegan tumble out of the elevator . rising painfully . one after another the other exit into the dark lobby . hanover where be we ? canton the sublevel lobby . finnegan bend down to pick up one of the pulse rifle . hanover do not touch it ! finnegan look up to hanover stand a bit shakily , he own rifle train on finnegan . finnegan you shoot I and you get no ride home ... and with that , finnegan pick up the gun . a test of will . finnegan win , and then turn to the Captain . finnegan ( cont 'd ) you the Captain ? captain yes . finnegan how do we get out of here ? captain we have to make it to the third deck ... pantucci step on something . crunch ! he look down , he eye widen . pantucci oh no !! oh no !! finnegan !!! he start dance around , try not to step on whatever it be . trillian look down and scream . everybody freak -- finnegan grab a flashlight from Chin 's utility belt , and sweep the beam over the lobby . the entire floor of the lobby be litter with shattered human skeleton . picked clean and spit out . just like the earlier whale bone . then suddenly , at the far end of the hallway , one of the metal wall suddenly expand and flext . everybody feeze . and then the flexing suddenly come racing down either side of the hallway , accompany by the most god - awful primordial screech ! finnegan this way ! finnegan bolt . everybody else right behind he . the flexing and screeching vanish into the wall . CUT to : 86 fuji mary &amp ; saipan - day 86 rain pour down on the Fuji maru and the saipan as they bob in the wave , surround by endless choppy ocean water . CUT to : 87 saipan engine room - day 87 billy come down the step , gun out front , look around . billy hey you ! muscle ! out here ! there be no reply . the only sound be the suck of the pump . billy ( cont 'd ) o.k . you want it that way ... he enter the waist-high water . billy ( cont 'd ) ... when I find you , you pay ... billy head deeper into the hold . CUT to : 88 machine shop - moment later 88 damp , dark and disgusting . a maze of pipe and gear line the wall . finnegan slam the hatch shut . dog it tight . everyone 's gather themselves around the room : trillian , pantucci , hanover , mamooli , Chin , the Captain and canton . trillian we have gotta call for help . pantucci yeah man , no shit , call in the Marines . captain we can not ... all the communication system go down . trillian so get they back up . captain I do not know how . pantucci hey I can fix any damn thing ... where 's the comm . center ? canton we should get off as soon as possible . trillian but if we can at least send a message ... canton I say we evacuate as soon as ... finnegan ( to canton ) who be you ? captain he 's the owner ... finnegan why do not you want a message send ? canton I just think that ... finnegan because you know a message can not be send ... there be a moment of silence . finnegan ( cont 'd ) you be the inside guy be not you ? the guy who knock out the communication . hanover set mason 's pulse-rifle down and clap he hand . hanover bravo . canton flash hanover a look . the Captain be confuse . trillian suddenly grab canton , spin he around and slam he against the hull . trillian how the hell do we fix it ?! a tense moment as canton debate he situation , then relent . canton you can not ... all the system be melt at they core by nitric acid ... captain ( confuse ) this be you life 's work ... you dream ... canton my dream cost more than they would make ... I miscalculate the market ... there be no way I could recoup ... finnegan unless you collect on the insurance ... trillian what be you people talk about ? finnegan he 's with they . he motion to the mercenary . finnegan ( cont 'd ) they rob the joint blind and torpedo it to the bottom . he collect the insurance , and sail off into the sunset clean as a whistle . finnegan fix hanover with a look of certainty . finnegan ( cont 'd ) right ? the Captain blow . he leap on canton . his hand find the older man 's throat . captain all this people dead !! because you screw up on the math ?? finnegan pull the Captain off . finnegan it 's not go to help we ! captain we be go to die here ! we be go to die ! finnegan hold the Captain with both hand , calming he . finnegan I be bear in a City housing project in the bronx ok ? it 's not in the card that I die on a luxury cruise ship ... now which way up ? trillian ( alarmed ) you hear that ? unseen by anyone , there be movement within the machinery . the wall start to come alive with dark , shadowy impression . hidden within the maze of machinery , obscure by the bad lighting , glisten abomination slither over pipe , squirm through gear , and undulate in and out of crevice and hole . the room be become a live , throbbing , pulsate horror . captain they be ... they be everywhere . finnegan all right , be cool , everybody , nice and slow , no sudden move . everybody slowly and quietly move for the far hatch . then a loud gurgling be heard . everybody look up at the ceiling . Hidden within the girder , and stick to they , a large translucent intestine - like thing cross the ceiling . Inside it be strange , disgusting biological working . the gurgling suddenly get dramatically louder . and then we see billy and leila , be suck down the entire length of the fatty intestine . still alive . and squirming wildly . everybody freak out and haul ass for the hatch . finnegan and hanover OPEN FIRE . cover they ass . CUT to : 89 engine chamber - night 89 everybody pour out of the machine shop and fan out into this mechanical maze . the engine chamber be a labyrinth of pipe-line alleyway , motorize chamber , sway catwalk and pillar of steel . the lighting be very poor , very dark . hanover , pantucci , Chin and mamooli OPEN up . firing blindly and wildly at anything and everything that seem to move in the darkness . the muzzle flash and tracer FIRE light up the chamber in a sort of surreal horror tableau . we catch more abstract glimpse of the translucent tentacle - sac , strange feeler , grop sucker , slime and vein . CUT to : 90 deep in maze - night 90 finnegan round a corner and crouch-run down a narrow alley . alone now . White - knuckling he rifle . he turn another corner and run right into trillian . finnegan ahhh !! ... spin , gun ready to fire at ... trillian noooo ! finnegan Jesus Christ lady ... trillian ( scared ) what be that thing ? finnegan I do not know ... finnegan look around to the engine room , a labyrinth of pipe line alleyway , motorize chamber , sway catwalk and pillar of steel . the lighting be very poor , very dark . he take off . trillian hey ! hey ! where be you go ? finnegan ... there 's get to be a way to access out back there ... he motion into the deep shadow . trillian but what make you think there be not more of hose ... thing ... back there ? finnegan nothing ... you want to come , come ... you do not ... trillian weigh she option , and take off after finnegan . trillian you do not have to be so touchy . finnegan look lady , I know you people be use to get you way ... trillian what 's that suppose to mean ? you people . finnegan you people ... rich people ... trillian I be not rich people . finnegan well , you sure do a good imitation . trillian thank you , I work at it ... finnegan come to a ladderstair lead to a catwalk . he start to climb . trillian , hamper by she long slinky dress , rip at the bottom , make it maxi to mini in a flash , and scoot after finnegan . trillian ( cont 'd ) I hear you say you grow up in the project in the bronx ... reaching the top of the ladder , she clamber onto the catwalk next to finnegan , who be decide which way to go . trillian ( cont 'd ) trillian daley ... she hold out she hand . trillian ( cont 'd ) project ... South Chicago . finnegan ignore she hand . finnegan finnegan ... John j...now that we have be properly introduce , can we get the hell out of here ? finnegan start to walk down the catwalk . trillian so this boat of yours ... that 's what you do ? give people ... ride . finnegan that 's what I do . trillian see a lot of island ? finnegan quite a few . trillian since I be a kid , I have this dream ... I want to own my own tropical island ... beach , warm ocean , lot of food , little clothes ... population of one ... finnegan anti social ? trillian self sufficient ... finnegan with the emphasis on self , and in selfish , right ? trillian take one to know one . SNAP !! a tentacle shoot out between finnegan and trillian . just miss they as it slam into a wall . finnegan fall onto the catwalk , drop he rifle , unarm . trillian , freak , stumble back and land on she butt . finnegan sit up against the wall , turn and look -- the tentacle slowly squirm across the wall like a big leach . try to find its prey . finnegan be freeze in place . watch . trillian sit up , eye widen in fear as she see -- hideous little worm - like feeler and sucker protrude up and down the tentacle . wriggling and writhing and feel they way across the wall . get closer and closer to finnegan . finnegan 's eye go to he pulse- rifle close to trillian 's foot . he motion for she to push it toward he . but , freeze in fear , she can only watch the slithering horror before she . tongue-like , the feeler lick they way across the oily wall . finnegan duck as they squirm over he head . then he brush against some dirt , make a scraping SOUND . a feeler quickly drop down and touch finnegan 's arm . he leap to he foot . so do trillian . she grab the rifle , turn and bolt off down the dark alley . finnegan try to run , but the feeler hold he tight . two more feeler slap onto he arm . he yell . the creature start reeling he in . angle on : trillian , run . finnegan 's yell reach she . she stop cold . look back the way she come , tear . angle on : finnegan , fight for all he be worth , be reele into the mass of machinery by the tentacle . when ... out of the darkness , trillian suddenly come run back . pant hard , she aim the gun . finnegan shoot it ! shoot it ! spur to action , trillian jam the rifle barrel against the tentacle and pull the trigger . nothing happen . finnegan ( cont 'd ) the safety ! the safety ! trillian frantically fumble around , look for the right lever on the complicated , sophisticated weapon , try to find it . trillian I do not know where it be ! finnegan on the side !! desperate , unable to find it , she do the next best thing ... she swing she rifle like it 's a baseball bat . smack the tentacle . hard . ripping into its flesh . it squirt ink blood , release finnegan and recoil . finnegan drop to he knee . grabbing he arm , in pain . the tentacle recover and start come toward he again . trillian grab he , and with all she strength , jerk he to he foot , and start to drag he backward . the tentacle coil , ready to strike . just before it do so , finnegan grab the rifle with he one good arm , flip the safety , and fire , blast the tentacle to piece . finnegan ( cont 'd ) let 's get the hell out of here ! finnegan stagger to he foot . he and trillian run off . CUT to : 91 engine room - night 91 trillian and finnegan come run around a corner , and stop to catch they breath . finnegan ( annoyed ) the safety ... the safety ... he flick the safety on and off . finnegan ( cont 'd ) get it ? trillian ( piss ) hey ! I do not have to come back . finnegan yeah you do ... trillian ( defensive ) right ... you have a boat . finnegan Boat or no boat ... you woulda come back anyway . you be that kind of gal . trillian oh yeah ? what kind be that ? finnegan the " come back " kind . trillian how do you know that ? finnegan take one to know one . finnegan 's small smile make trillian acutely uncomfortable . v.o. heellpp !! CUT to : 92 engine room - night 92 the Captain be stick in a strange gelatinous spider web . struggle , frantic . but the more he struggle , the more enmesh he get . he hold he hand out beseechingly to canton , who stand look at he in terror . captain help I ! but canton do not move . all of a sudden canton see something deep in the web , behind the Captain , which make he blood freeze . captain ( cont 'd ) what be it ? canton take a few step back . captain ( cont 'd ) what ?!... what ?! the Captain try to look over he shoulder to see what it be . there be a dark movement deep within the spider web . captain ( cont 'd ) help I , canton ! help meeeeeee !! angle on : finnegan and trillian racing across a catwalk . below they , they can see canton back away from the Captain . finnegan grab he hand !! canton look up , stunne , as he see finnegan and trillian rush down from the catwalk . captain canton !! help !! canton back away from the Captain , as the Captain 's struggle draw he further into the web . the Captain 's eye bulge , horrify , as he feel something inside the spider web grab he from behind . captain ( cont 'd ) it hurt !!!!! it hurrrrrtttttssss !!! he struggle wildly . then start to freeze up as the tentacles wrap around he . finnegan and trillian race across the floor as the Captain be slowly suck deeper into the spider web ; he face and body bady constrict , paralyze . his voice be choked off . hanover , Chin , mamooli and pantucci burst out of another alleyway . finnegan and trillian reach the Captain just as he face be sucked into the gelatinous web . they skid to a stop . everybody pile up . eye wide . watch as the Captain 's body be pull deeper into the dark web . tentacles envelop he . hanover ( to canton ) where be the close hatch ? canton still press against the wall , stare at the spot the Captain disappear , talk to himself . canton I never mean for anyone to get hurt ... it be suppose to be clean ... hanover grab canton by the front of he tatter tuxedo jacket . hanover you hypocritical bastard ... all you give a shit about be the money ... where 's the hatch !! canton point down a darken passageway . hanover ( cont 'd ) alright let 's move out ... you two on point ... he look at a uneasy mamooli and Chin . finnegan joey ... which way 's aft ? pantucci that way . he point in the opposite direction . hanover who give a shit about aft ? finnegan that 's where my boat 's moor . hanover you try to take over my show finnegan , that what you try to do ? finnegan just try to get to my boat ... finnegan take off down a catwalk in the opposite direction that disappear in the dark . pantucci be right with he . trillian , a step behind . hanover ( yell ) you stay away from that vault ! you hear I ? just before he step into the darkness , finnegan call over he shoulder ... finnegan they respond to sound ... he disappear into the dark . canton look at hanover for a long moment , and then take off after finnegan . the other two merc look at hanover , waver . hanover ( tense ) what ? the sound of he voice make the two merc look around nervously . mamooli ( whisper ) he make sense . hanover ( loud ) he 's a bloody ... and then conscious of he voice reverberate ... hanover ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) ...he 's a bloody taxi driver ! Chin break for the catwalk , hurry after finnegan . hanover stand with a very antsy mamooli , steaming . after a long moment , he stride off after finnegan as well . CUT to : 93 ballast passageway - day 93 in slow - mo , finnegan and the other creep down a darken , pipe-line passageway . gun out front . sight beam sweeping the path ahead . eye wide open . sweat slide down they face . breath come in short nervous burst . heart pound out of chest . the ominous musical score add to the tension . then the emergency lighting kick on . a creepy-look reddish - blue glow be cast throughout the ship . finnegan continue on . follow by the other . all sweat hard . eye nervously shifting . fear thick in the air . looking down through a metal gate , we see finnegan , trillian and the other pass below . then suddenly , in the dark foreground -- something wet wriggles across the gate . they come to a door . finnegan try the handle . no go . finnegan turn to canton , and mime for key . canton shake he head . he have none . hanover ( whisper ) very good finnegan ... very good . trillian move up to finnegan . she reach into she hair , and pull out she trusty lockpick . as he watch , somewhat mystify , she insert the pin , tickle the lock a few time , and depress the handle . click ! the door open . finnegan look at she curiously , but with respect . CUT to : 94 ballast section - day 94 they enter the rear ballast section , where the wall be indeed far apart , half of which be now a small pond . obviously flood . the only way out of this room be down some step which vanish beneath the seawater , or through a single violently twisted hatch door . finnegan try to push the hatch . it will not give . mamooli and Chin join he , add they considerable muscle to the task . the hatch hold tight . finnegan turn to canton , who stand slump against a railing . he do not look well at all . finnegan what 's on the far side ? canton I do not know . pantucci ( nerve ) it 's you damn ship ! what the hell do you mean you do not know ? finnegan touch pantucci 's shoulder . finnegan joey , what difference do it make ... finnegan enter the water . finnegan ( cont 'd ) if you hear one shot , you know I make it ... start come ... pantucci follow finnegan to the water . hanover how do we know you be go to signal ... how do we know you be not go to just take off ? finnegan stop . finnegan I will wait here ... you go check it out . hanover do not move . finnegan ( cont 'd ) ( contemptuous ) I do not think so . finnegan wade into the water . just before he sink beneath the surface ... trillian finnegan ... he look back . trillian ( cont 'd ) be careful . with a smile , finnegan dive under . pantucci right behind he . the other stand look around , nervous . CUT to : 95 underwater - night 95 finnegan swim down to the floor of the ballast . then into a passageway line with black pipe . pantucci right behind he . strange noise reverberate through the murky water . creak and moan . spooky shit . both man be wide - eye as they swim . weaving they way through a maze of pipe and duct . the thing could come out of almost anywhere . bubbles drift up from the darkness below . the music be tense ... very very tense . pantucci fall behind . he swim around a curve and right into a severe human arm ! AIR bubble blast out of he mouth as he scream . the finger on the dead hand seem to reach out for he . he fight he way past and swim off in a panic . CUT to : 96 ballast - night 96 trillian stare down into the water . hanover keep a sharp , nervous eye back down the catwalk , white - knuckling he pulse rifle . Chin and mamooli keep watch , tight lipped . canton pace back and forth , drive by anxiety . hanover stop pace . canton act as if he do not hear . he keep pace . hanover chop sharply with the stock of he rifle into canton 's arm . canton crumble against the railing , in pain . canton aaaahhhh !!!! hanover you deaf ? trillian why do not you back off ? hanover you want some too ? hanover 's jaw clenches . he release the safety on he rifle , the click resounding ominously in the hollow room . trillian how brave we be . trillian 's eye fix on hanover 's , unwaver . a mexican standoff . mamooli hanover ! everyone turn to ... a giant ball of black , wet , oozing rubber undulate down the gangway . come straight at they . a mass of glisten striate muscle . hanover Fire !! the three man open up with they pulse rifle . the creature get ripped to shred . Red and blue ink -blood splatter everywhere . but onward it come . down the gangway . trillian grab the pistol off Chin 's utility belt , and open fire . canton jump into the water and disappear . CUT to : 97 kitchen - night 97 finnegan explode to the surface . gasping for air . he reach down and yank a half drown pantucci up next to he . they both look up to gunfire explode in the distance . CUT to : 98 ballast room - night 98 the creature keep come . the merc keep fire . then without warning hanover drop he rifle and dive into the water , disappear beneath the surface . trillian be astound . she throw down she pistol , pick up the pulse rifle , and slam on the trigger . the recoil of the rifle throw she into the water . when she surface , she see Chin and mamooli , fire as they retreat to the water 's edge . still hold she rifle , she dive . CUT to : 99 underwater - night 99 trillian swim down a violently shaking passageway . eye wide . fill with fear . all around , debris drop through the water . primordial sound reverberate off the wall . lot of bubbling and gurgling -- then something lunge out ! trillian open up . firing wildly . the water fill with FIRE and bubble . trillian look around . scare shitless . the bubbles clear just in time for she to see -- Chin , mouth open , eye wide , scream in agony , be rip past she . she try to fire she rifle . too late . trillian watch as Chin vanish down the shaft in a cloud of bubble . CUT to : 100 kitchen - night 100 trillian burst to the surface . finnegan yank she up and out of the water . finnegan you o.k .? trillian can only nod , and gasp for breath . canton and hanover catch they breath , panting away , waterlogged . hanover reach over to retrieve the rifle in trillian 's hand . trillian point the barrel at he , and hit the safety . trillian ( grim ) finder keeper . mamooli burst out of the water , fall on the floor , close to panic mode . mamooli where 's Chin ? trillian go ... mamooli this be not real ! this be not bloody real ! finnegan topples a large , heavy metal broiler onto the open floor gate , sealing the watery hole in the floor . there be two hatches in this room . the far hatch be close . mamooli stand next to a OPEN hatch . canton point to it . canton through there ... another sixty , seventy yard ... there be more elevator there . pantucci I be not goin ' up no more elevator . canton there 's stairway ... mamooli slam the hatch shut . eye bugging out of he head . mamooli I say we stay right here ! pantucci be you crazy ? mamooli ( desperate ) there 's plenty of food here . we can hold out ... someone will rescue we ... finnegan who ? mamooli someone ... maybe they send a sos ! pantucci on what ? this son of a bitch ( to canton ) zap the communication . hanover mamooli stand down ! mamooli we do not even know if he boat be still there ... you see billy ! finnegan Boat or no boat ... I be go ... finnegan step forward . mamooli aim he rifle right at finnegan 's head . mamooli they be wipin ' we out one at a time . I say we make a stand . right here ! right now ! maximum firepower ! pantucci somebody shoot this jerk ! finnegan ( calm ) nobody 's shoot nobody ... come on , just let we through the hatch ! mamooli I will kill you !! I will fuck kill you !! I will do it ! I will do it ! I be not playin ' around here ! finnegan freeze . close on : the hatch . as a black liquid start to ooze through a tiny latch-hole . no one see it . finnegan I once see a guy put a fish in a bottle , then he cork it , sealing it tight , and throw it to a baby octopus . the little sucker feel its way around that bottle , and in less than two minute , get that cork off , sly inside , and eat that fish . mamooli what the hell be you talk about ? finnegan we ... I be talk about we ... we be the fish . the liquid shadow ooze down and hit the floor , start to expand , fill like a water balloon . it 's not a liquid . it 's a tentacle . vein , feeler and sucker begin to form . mamooli and what ? this thing be octopus finnegan I do not know what this thing be ... all I know be ... the tentacle slowly rise up right behind mamooli . inch behind he head . finnegan and hanover see it . eye widen . mamooli what ...? what ?? mamooli turn to the tentacle loom over he , about to strike . mamooli ( cont'd ) eeeeyyyyyaaaahhhh !!!! he open fire , empty he clip into the tentacle . the tentacle retreat into the pipe . mamooli look around . the room be empty . he run out . CUT to : 101 passageway - night 101 mamooli rush into the empty passageway , look leave . then right . his Pov . down the hall another tentacle come racing at he . mamooli panic , drop he rifle . track with mamooli racing down the hallway , look over he shoulder in fear , as the tentacle come racing after he ... gain ... gain ... almost on he ... mamooli leap through a open hatch , and swing it shut in one swift motion . the tentacle slam into the glass portal . stop . mamooli keep he eye on the portal , and back up two step . he let out a long deep breath of relief , turn ... wham !!! another tentacle envelop he face ! mamooli eeeyyyaaahhhh !!!!! CUT to : 102 mechanical chamber - night 102 Dante 's inferno : steam , smoke , FIRE , strange noise , dark area , and lot of moving engine part . finnegan lead , follow by trillian , hanover , pantucci , and canton . we can hear they heart beat . scary shit . finnegan head for a open hatch . it suddenly slam shut . he instantly veer down another passageway . pantucci what the hell be go on !! finnegan head for another open hatchway . it also slam shut . finnegan they be herding we . finnegan and company keep go . hanover what be you talk about ? as they round a corner , the ceiling implode right in front of they . pipe and other matter crash down . cut they off . leave only one route open ... a slim passageway . finnegan like cattle ... trillian you be say they can think ? finnegan I be say they be call the shot ... finnegan head toward the passageway . canton do we have to go there ? the ceiling leave above they begin to torque , and split . the answer be plain . everyone run into the passage just as the ceiling come down . CUT to : 103 passageway - night 103 finnegan lead they single - file , they quickly head into a shaking narrow void . fear have lead to silence , and unbearable tension . the wall on either side creak , and moan with strange noise . CUT to : 104 mid - hull - night 104 finnegan quickly come out of the creaking , moaning gangway , follow by the other . all the strange noise suddenly stop . everything get quiet . finnegan freeze . something 's wrong . everybody look around . steam shoot out from multiple pipe . the air be thick with mist . trillian what 's the matter ? finnegan the quiet ... hanover maybe we lose they . finnegan or maybe we be exactly where they want we to be . finnegan move on . the other follow . gun out front . tense . they round a huge metal pillar and come face - to- face with a soul - wrenching nightmare . the creature ' nest -- or stomach . across a small portion of the ship 's midsection , be a huge gelatinous womb . imagine a massive thick wall of clear - yellow jell -o , with hundred of blue vein run through it . if it be not all so horrific , it would be consider beautiful . Inside the womb , a dozen human , passenger , float around in some kind of twisted embryonic state , the live dead . they all seem to be breathe the gelatin . several tentacles wriggle through the stuff ; which divide and be form in some sort of strange mitosis . finnegan and the other look at the passenger , horrify . but even more horrifying be that the people can look back at they . many start to reach out , seemingly in slow motion as they hand ooze through the thick gelatin . trillian look sick , tremble in fear . trillian what be it ? finnegan a meat locker . trillian we can not just leave they here . canton look like he 's about to throw up , he start back away , head for a side hatch . canton I can . in the womb , a tentacle suddenly approach a sexy young lady . the Lady try to back - pedal away , but because of the gelatin , it 's like one of that nightmare where you can only move in slow motion . the feeler grip she naked thigh . she try to scream , but she face be already start to constrict , she whole body be be paralyze . pantucci be so horrify he 's about to cry . pantucci oh no ...oh God please no . the tentacle - sac glom onto the Lady 's forehead . through the sac we can see she skin melting . the only thing she can move be she eye , which be bugging - out in absolute horror as she be imbibe alive . we heroes be freeze in fear . until the Lady 's eye liquefy . trillian burry she head in finnegan 's shoulder , try to shut out the horror . finnegan we can not do anything for they ... let 's go ... he begin to lead she toward the hatch ... when she eye recognize the old lady with the orchid in she hair . the old lady seem to see she too . her hand read out , imploring . her mouth silently shape the word : help I ! just as a tentacle come creep toward she . trillian nooo !! her rage rise . she heft she rifle , and start blast away . trillian ( cont 'd ) you will not get she !! you will not !! spit flame and smoke . the bullet impact the gelatin . blasting it away . but the bullet only manage to go about twenty foot into the thick shit before glide to a stop . gelatin explode all over the place . tracer hole streak through the stuff . but all the bullet be slide short . trillian ( cont 'd ) finnegan ... do something !! please !! finnegan look around and spot the place in the ceiling where most of the tentacles be come from . they long tail wiggle down from a massive clutter of pipe . a bas-relief of horror . finnegan reach over and yank two thermite grenade off hanover 's utility belt . hanover finnegan , no !!! ... bite the pin and spit they out . finnegan eat this . he chuck the grenade up into the strange writhing fresco , safely clear of the passenger . finnegan ( cont 'd ) FIRE in the hole ! pantucci and hanover throw themselves to the floor . finnegan pull trillian down , cover she . BA - woom ! gelatin sprays everywhere . CUT to : 105 fuji maru - same time 105 a loud , creepy , suction - like SOUND be heard , that strange pitter - patter of little foot run across the hull . then the hull begin to moan and creak from a unseen pressure . CUT to : 106 mid hull - night 106 all the movement stop . the remain tentacles vanish into the machinery . pantucci , and hanover look up from the floor , cover in slime . finnegan and trillian also look up ... and then look at each other face to face ... inch apart . dripping with slime . finnegan look good ... trillian you should talk ... then the machinery shut down . the engine go dead . all SOUND cut out . a expectant hush . somewhere , water drip ... we go extremely close on trillian 's eye . pantucci 's eye . hanover 's eye . finnegan 's eye . the air be riddled with ominous expectation . and that 's when the hull begins to torque . rivet pop and SNAP . water sprays . metal buckle . 107 shot : 107 at the far end of the ship , part of the lower bow rip OPEN ! and a wall of water rush in . flood CITY ! finnegan 's eye widen as he see ( model shot ) the massive wave of water crashing toward they . ripping out pipe , duct , wall , equipment and everything in front of it . finnegan go ! go ! go ! they all hightail it for hatches . finnegan and trillian make it into one hatch . hanover and pantucci make it into another . water crash and sprays behind they . CUT to : 108 fuji maru - night 108 massive AIR bubble explode out from under the bow . CUT to : 109 fuji maru - night 109 red warning light flash up and down every passageway . and a claxton ring , in accelerate tone , give a frenetic urgency to all of the following scene : 110 a passageway : 110 water blast through a hatch and chase finnegan and trillian down a passageway . they jag leave at a intersection -- water blast through the hatch directly in front of they . finnegan we be go to sink ! we have get to get on deck ! they backtrack . trillian 's now in the lead . they haul ass down a hallway . water roaring in from everywhere behind they . all of the watertight hatch begin to hydraulically close . trillian and finnegan jag into a hatch . it 's a small room . the hatch in front of they close . water blast in behind they . sweep they off they foot . the room quickly start to fill up . trillian pull frantically at the hatch . CUT to : 111 narrow passageway - night 111 hanover and pantucci quickly slog they way through knee-high water . pantucci stumble into the water , frantically scramble up . he look back -- under the water , inky form hurl themselves down the passageway right towards he . pantucci yelp , and splashes away . CUT to : 112 submerge room - night 112 trillian and finnegan pull with all they might on a tiny portal . finnegan try to insert the blade of he knife in the crack . trillian so how do you get from the bronx to the South China sea ? finnegan you quit high school , lie about you age , join the navy , and next thing you know , four year be up and you need a way to make a live ... the knife blade slip into the crack . finnegan ( cont 'd ) I will break the seal ! pull . he yank the blade . trillian pull . the seal pop . the portal fly open . waist-high in water , trillian stick she arm out , try to get she shoulder out , but there 's no chance in hell of that . trillian too small ! she pull she arm out . and a tentacle lunge in . just miss trillian . it splashes under the water . grab finnegan 's ankle . pull he under . finnegan stick the barrel of he gun underwater and open FIRE . water explode . the tentacle recoil . and rip itself back out the porthole . trillian slam the porthole shut and dog it tight . the water quickly rise . CUT to : 113 passageway - night 113 pantucci and hanover haul ass . hanover pull out he last two thermite grenade . pantucci panic and grab for they . pantucci gimme one ! gimme one ! he knock both of they out of hanover 's hand . they disappear under the water . hanover you idiot ! they quickly fumble around in the water , try to find they . a tentacle blast around the corner . partially obscure by the wave in front of it . head right for they . hanover find the two grenade . give one to pantucci . they rip the pin out and toss the grenade behind they . then haul ass faster . the tentacle right behind they . a beat . and then the grenade explode , BA - woom ! BA - woom ! CUT to : 114 fuji mary - night 114 the storm hammer the deck . canton stagger out onto the rain slicked deck just in time to see -- a hole be blown out the side of the Fuji maru 's hull . bubble continue to explode out from under the bow . canton oh my God , it 's go to sink . then slowly , canton get a gleam in he eye , now thrilled . canton ( cont 'd ) it 's go to sink . CUT to : 115 submerge room - night 115 finnegan and trillian be get bang around the frothy water as it quickly rise . now only inch from the ceiling . trapped . they be about to drow . finnegan keep look around , try to figure a way out . trillian I be so goddamn close , finnegan ! so goddamn close to my island ... I could almost taste the sand ... finnegan keep taste ... finnegan shove the pulse rifle to the ceiling . and blast away until part of the ceiling fall out and into the water . there 's just enough room between two metal beam to get out . the rise water shove they up through the hole . CUT to : 116 passageway - night 116 side -by-side , hanover and pantucci quickly slog they way through waist-high water . they round a corner and look back -- inky form slosh around the corner . head right for they . they slog faster . pantucci they be catchin ' up ! they be catchin ' up ! we gotta slow them down ! hanover feed they . that will slow they down . a black striated muscle roil out of the foamy water , then quickly vanish under it , head straight for they . pantucci feed them ?!! okay ! all right ! feed them what ? what be we gonna feed ' em ?! hanover take he pistol and shoot pantucci in the leg , blam ! pantucci scream . fall into the water . hanover run on . pantucci do not even have time to deal with the pain . he start scrambling through the water . underwater , the inky form race after he . only meter away . pantucci throw himself into the open of a dumbwaiter . slam the door shut . the tentacle attack the door . worming its way across the surface , try to find a way inside . pantucci be scared beyond he pain . push back as far as he can against the rear wall , he see the control button . he press the up arrow . the dumbwaiter start to move . CUT to : 117 fuji maru rear deck - day 117 the saipan be still bob behind the Fuji maru . but the harpoon hook , which hold the tow-line and be embed into the rear deck of the ship , be start to pry loose . it jerk and buck against the metal wall . canton do not notice this as he slip and slide he way up to the railing . he see the saipan and smile . then he look off at -- 118 island 118 rise out of the ocean . about a mile away . canton start to climb over the railing . and that 's when the harpoon hook rip free . whizhes forward . and impale canton 's leg . he scream . tries to spin free . the hook hang onto he leg for a long , agonizing beat as canton continue to scream . then the hook rip free , grab the metal railing and start tearing it off the deck . canton drop to the deck , hold he leg and whimper in pain . and then he see it -- 119 speedboat 119 dangle from its harness down on the watersport platform . 120 to scene 120 canton start to crawl for it . moan and bleed . CUT to : 121 crystal pool deck - night 121 finnegan and trillian race up onto the pool deck . pass beneath a colorful neon sign which read : " the fuji maru - you fun ship " in the dark , trillian trip . she fall to the slippery , waterlogged deck , and scream ... trillian eeeeeyyyyyaaaahhhh ! ... claw at she face ... finnegan pull she hand from she face ... and the thing that attach itself there ... a small squid from the shattered aquarium . trillian ( cont 'd ) ( freak ) ah...ah ...ah ... tries to catch she breath . finnegan it 's ok ... it 's not one of they ... it 's from the aquarium ... it 's ... and then it dawns on finnegan . finnegan ( cont 'd ) it 's not they ... it 's it ... trillian what ? finnegan you know what kind of force it take to rip open the bow of this ship ? a million little thing like this ... he hold up the squid . finnegan ( cont 'd ) ... can not exert that kind of pressure ... and the way it track we ? a million little thing do not carry portable phone to coordinate position ... what 's chase we ... it 's one ... thing ... one giant ... thing . smash CUT to : 122 arial Pov - matte fx shot - night 122 ... look down on the Fuji maru from high up in the air . beneath the entire ship be a enormous , undulate black shadow . a massive monster from the deep . CUT to : 123 casino - night 123 red warning light flash . the claxton ring . off to one side of a wall , behind the bar , the dumbwaiter door open , and pantucci tumble out , look around , and then hear ... hanover ( v.o. ) help !! help !! pantucci limp around the bar , down a row of one armed bandit ... round a corner , come face - to- face with hanover . hanover 's eye be fill with terror and despair . his face be badly constrict . his body paralyze . he cling to a black - jack table as a tentacle - sac drink its way up he leg . it 's already to he hip . he grasp desperately for he pistol , just beyond he reach on the floor . this guy be not gonna survive . pantucci yelp and quickly back away , eye wide , totally tense . he look around , see that there 's only one tentacle , and it 's completely occupy with devour hanover . pantucci be wigge , but manage to lock eye with hanover . then he look at the sac , fill with regurgitate flesh . pantucci ... even you do not deserve this . pantucci pick up hanover 's pistol . then slowly , cautiously , he creep forward , and stick the gun into hanover 's twitching hand . pantucci ( cont 'd ) I be sorry man ... he turn and quickly limp off . hanover 's eye look down at the gun in he hand . then , with all the strength he have leave , he slowly , painfully , turn the pistol so it point at he head . close on : hanover 's tremble finger . as it slowly squeeze the trigger . he want to kill himself . need to hill himself . he squeeze harder . the trigger depress ! -- click ! the gun be empty . hanover 's mouth open in a horrible , silent scream . CUT to : 124 rear deck - same time 124 finnegan and trillian race out onto the rear deck just as the harpoon hook finish tearing the railing off the ship . the hook , the tow - line , and the entire railing drop over the side and fall out of sight . the two boat be now uncoupled . finnegan reel at the rain soak sky . finnegan will somebody give I a break here ? and that 's when finnegan and trillian hear the SOUND of a hydraulic hoist . they look over -- 125 at the watersport platform : 125 the speedboat be be hydraulically lower into the water . canton sit inside , fiddling with the ignition . angle on : trillian and finnegan racing down the spiral stair lead to the watersport platform . trillian wait ! stop ! the boat touch down into the water . canton I would like to but I have a appointment with my insurance broker ! he hit the hoist - release button . the speedboat break free . canton hit the ignition . the boat 's engine roar . canton ( cont 'd ) life take the damndest turn , do not it ? he red-line the throttle . the speedboat haul ass away from the cruiseliner . canton steer for the island . smiling . angle on : trillian in her rage ... trillian you son of a bitch !! she grab finnegan 's pulse rifle , heft it to she shoulder ... finnegan look ! he force she to look in the distance . they Pov . the island . trillian oh my god ! oh my god ! how do we do it ? how do we get there ? finnegan not like he . finnegan point to the water ... and a inky pseudopod form racing after the speedboat underwater . finnegan ( cont 'd ) it 's the engine ... it can hear the engine ... it go for the loudest sound ... the tentacle quickly pick up speed , go faster and faster , get closer and closer , stretch further and further . suddenly , behind they , a metallic thrashing SOUND be heard . they turn around and look -- the hook , the tow-line , and the entire railing have drop down onto the watersport platform and be tangle up around the two jet skis , try to tear free -- the saipan be still cling by its fingernails to the Fuji maru ! finnegan race over to a winch and grab the winch - line . CUT to : 126 speedboat - night 126 canton , smile brightly , peer at the approach island through the speedboat 's windscreen . so relieved he sing to himself , from the operetta h.m.s. pinafore . canton oh we sail the ocean blue , and we mighty ship 's a beauty . we be strong man , yes it 's true , and responsive to we duty ... when ... yank !!... the speedboat be grabbed from below , practically explode as it disintegrate into two piece . canton be propelled through the windscreen and onto the hood . CUT to : 127 watersport platform - night 127 finnegan struggle to clip the winch - line onto the tow-line , hang precariously over the edge of the ship , clip in one hand , winch - line in the other . the whole metal mess be bucking and twisting and screeching . his every joint be be rip out of socket as he strain to get the clip on the line before the entire rig tear away into the sea . with one last heroic effort of will and grit , he snap the clip in place just as it all break loose . one of the jet skis and the entire railing be ripped over the side and fall down into the ocean . finnegan be also yanked over the side , but he manage to hold on by he finger , dangle precariously . finnegan hit it ! hit it ! the hook and the tow - line drop -- then SNAP taught as the winch - line hold they tight . trillian throw the start lever on the winch . the winch kick on and start reeling in the saipan . finnegan try to crawl up on the deck , exhaust . trillian reach down and pull he the rest of the way up . he half collapse on top of she . trillian you know , finnegan , I be start to believe what you say about you not be bear to die on a luxury liner . despite the grimness of they position , the closeness of they body be ... a turn on ... to both of they ... and then a scream from the sea . they look in the direction of ... CUT to : 128 speedboat - night 128 canton be pin to the hood of the speedboat , he face shred by glass , he leg mangle , scream as he panicked eye watch a tentacle slowly squirm across the hood toward he , it 's hideous feeler writhe and arch . canton back away from it as far as he can . another tentacle squirm up next to he . canton crawl away from that one . its feeler and sucker unsheathe , drip mucus . canton 's eye widen , horrify . then another tentacle squirm up . canton crawl to the center of the hood . and another tentacle . canton have nowhere to go . the tentacles close in on he . canton no! no! no ! all the tentacles rise over he , about to descend . canton ( cont 'd ) noooooooooooo !!!!!! CUT to : 129 fuji maru - night 129 finnegan and trillian race for all they be worth , clamber over the side of the Fuji maru , drop to the deck of the saipan . CUT to : 130 saipan - night 130 finnegan and trillian slowly clamber through the hold , waist deep in water , on edge , eye wide , watch for any sign of trouble . it 's quiet in here . maybe too quiet . trillian ( quietly ) finnegan ... finnegan yeah ... trillian ... the minute you start you engine ... it 's go to kill we , be not it ? they step up to one of the big crate . finnegan start smashing it with the butt of he pulse-rifle . the crate burst OPEN . revealing the warhead of the torpedo . trillian be stunne . finnegan not unless we kill it first . finnegan smashes more of the crate , it fall apart , revealing the entire torpedo . he hand she he pulse rifle . finnegan ( cont 'd ) anything move , you shoot . finnegan start to yank open the top plate of the missile head . trillian look around nervously . finnegan ( cont 'd ) there 's not much horsepower leave in the engine , but there 's enough noise ... once this baby 's set ... I will rev it up ... that slimy bastard will come for it like candy ... trillian if you blow up you boat , how be we go to get to the island ? finnegan jet ski ... there 's one leave up there . the plate come loose . revealing a gaggle of wire , and part . finnegan ( cont 'd ) ... let 's see , it be red wire cross compressor blue wire ... or blue cross red ? he start to fiddle with the wire . -- suddenly , there 's a loud slosh SOUND right behind they ! crate topple ! more pulse rifle spill out . trillian spin , ready to blast away with the pulse rifle , to ... pantucci do not shoot !! do not shoot !! finnegan just the man I want to see . on this puppy here , you remember if it 's red to blue or blue to red ... he refer to the wire . pantucci not even a joey , I be glad to see you ? joey , what happen to you leg ? finnegan joey , you want to get suck out by a giant fuck mutate squid ? pantucci ( fast ) Red cross over to blue double blue ... be that what it be ? a squid ? finnegan squid ... squid like ... squid type ... it 's get tentacles , a feed sac ... probably one central nervous processor somewhere ... what the hell do I know be go on deep down in the ocean ... there 's all sort of shit we have never see ... eighty foot clam ...60 foot shark ... I be just guess ... can you get I more juice out of hercules ... fast ? pantucci for juice , I gotta rebuild . that 's not fast . trillian how about noise ? can you get noise ? we do not need speed , just noise , right ? finnegan right ... pantucci can somebody tell I what the object of the exercise be here ? finnegan seafood salad . ( to trillian ) you ever operate a jet ski ? trillian ( nervous ) you want I to go up there ? finnegan not unless you can wire a missile or fix a engine . trillian and what if I run into one of that thing ? finnegan toss she a pulse rifle from the overturn crate . finnegan do not forget the safety . she hit the safety , slam a shell into chamber ... trillian do not take too long ... I be not plan on be on the menu tonight . ... and exit . pantucci ( razzing ) I have never see you so congenial with a member of the opposite sex ... the two of you get a nice patter go ... get a nice rapport ... finnegan and you get 10 minute before this thing liven up a boring evening . finnegan attaches a wire to a sprocket . a red light start to blink on the warhead . CUT to : 131 fuji maru - night 131 it be very dark . the rain be get worse . thunder rumble . lightning flash . the fuji maru moan and creak . bubble explode from beneath it . the saipan rock against she hull . trillian clamber along the tilting railing , head for the watersport platform . her gorgeous eye shift nervously . trillian I be go to be ok ... I be go to be ok ... the ship 's metal hull screech . the seawater bubble and gurgle . from somewhere deep inside the ship , we hear that loud primordial yowl again . trillian freeze , she heart double beat . she look around , really scared . CUT to : 132 saipan be hold - night 132 the missile be on a hoist be push forward by pantucci and finnegan toward a gaping hole in the port bow . pantucci you know what I think ? I think we luck have just about run shit out ... finnegan a little to the leave ... pantucci I think we gotta stop float from one fuck up situation to the next ... finnegan line it up now , nice and easy ... the missile head be right in line with the hole in the bow . pantucci I be tell you , man , we get to give the future some serious think . finnegan I have be . pantucci and what have you come up with ? finnegan how do a island sound to you ? pantucci look at finnegan quizically . this be news to he . CUT to : 133 saipan - night 133 the tip of the warhead creep out through the hole . the body of the missile be just a hair too wide , which be good , because it jam itself nice and tight into the hole . CUT to : 134 watersport platform - night 134 trillian take the tarp off the remain jet ski . pushes the swivel arm that hold it out over the railing . the platform tilt ! trillian lose she balance . almost go over the side . just barely manage to catch herself . hang there for a moment . something swishes in the water below she . trillian 's eye scan the darkness ; scared sick . CUT to : 135 the saipan' pilot house - night 135 finnegan lash the steering -stick as hard leave as they will go . the rudder lock tight . pantucci enter . pantucci I gerry-rigged the ignition ... all you gotta do be start she up ... it will not go fast but it will go loud ... trillian 's scream tear through the night . finnegan 's eye go to the Fuji maru . he kick open a box by the side of the console , and pull out a saw off shot gun with a pistol handle in a holster . pantucci ( cont 'd ) man , do not go up there ... finnegan one whistle ... start the engine ... finnegan slam shell into the shotgun . pantucci she 's go ... finnegan second whistle you make it to the deck and get ready to jump ... pantucci all you be gonna do be get yourself kill ... and for what ? some chick ? finnegan you be beautiful what you be jealous , you know that , joey ? finnegan heft a pulse rifle , and run out of the pilothouse . CUT to : 136 fuji maru deck - night 136 finnegan drop onto the deck from the tow line . pulse-rifle levele . adrenaline rush through he vein . a man on a mission . the ship be in its final death throes . moaning and creaking . trillian 's scream pierce the night , follow by several shot . finnegan take off in it 's direction . CUT to : 137 fuji maru passageway - night 137 finnegan enter . ready to be jump . the scary music build . tension CITY . again shot fire . this time closer . finnegan throw caution to the wind , and run for all he be worth . CUT to : 138 hallway - night 138 trillian be be drag down the dark hallway by a tentacle wrap around she leg . she struggle frantically , try to get a clear shot off . but she shot go wild as she be pull this way and that , slam against the wall on either side . she lose she rifle . CUT to : 139 grand atrium - night 139 finnegan enter the glass -dome atrium . sloshes through the water . stop in the middle and look around . see a tentacle , writhe up a glass wall of the atrium . finnegan hear trillian scream . he quickly plant he foot and fire from the hip . glass shatter everywhere . he arc around . window blow to piece . finnegan let out a low , angry , guttural yell . the tentacle shred from the gunfire . CUT to : 140 hallway - night 140 the tentacle drag trillian retract . freed , trillian get up , grab she rifle , and run like hell . CUT to : 141 frisco bar - night 141 trillian run in and be immediately hit by colorful swirling light and a pulsating strobe . flashing red warning light , the SOUND of the claxton , the spraying water and thick mist ... major psychedelia . disorient , trillian run towards a dark exit door -- and into a geometric gelatinous spider web . stick . trillian nooo !! noooo !! helpp !! helpp !! CUT to : 142 atrium - night 142 finnegan be slamm another clip into he pulse rifle when he hear trillian , yelling for help . he take off run through a hatch . CUT to : 143 frisco bar - night 143 trillian struggle in the web , but she 's only get herself more stick . behind she , deep in the web , tentacles slowly start squirming they way towards she . trillian feel the gelatin start to move . she struggle wildly . panicked . finnegan enter the room . spot trillian . start sloshing he way through the water . trillian see he come . trillian finnegan ! trillian look back . see the tentacles come out of the darkness of the web . twenty foot back and close . trillian ( cont 'd ) hurry !! hurry !! finnegan run up and grab she . tries to pull she free . but she 's stick good . he look behind she to the tentacles quickly close in on she . now fifteen foot away . trillian ( cont 'd ) get I out of here !! as she struggle , finnegan pull out he knife , and start to hack away at the sticky webbing . trillian try to look behind she . finnegan do not look !! push !! trillian struggle with every last ounce of she strength . now ten foot away . trillian finneegggaannn !!! finnegan hack away with desperate urgency . now five foot . finnegan grab my hand !! finnegan plunge he hand into the goo . trillian latch onto finnegan 's wrist , he onto hers . four foot . finnegan ( cont 'd ) push !! push !! finnegan strain , pull , until every muscle in he body keens with the effort , every vein pop to the surface . trillian push for all she be worth . Three foot ... two foot ... one foot ... both yyyeeeaaahhh !!! with a last gargantuan effort , finnegan yank ... trillian come tear out of the webbing ... the remnant of she gown do not ... in the nick of time . the tentacle rush forward . finnegan jam he pulse-rifle into the web and open FIRE . blast the entire clip into the goo . tearing the shit out of it . bambambambambam !!!!!! and that 's when the whole room start to quake . and shake ! finnegan and trillian both look down at they foot as they hear the lower deck exploding upward , one at a time -- bam ! - bam ! -- bam ! something be rise up through the ship . he grab trillain and pull she toward the exit . she scoops she fall pulse rifle off the floor . finnegan go! go! go! he shove she out the door , and be about to follow when the door be slam shut in he face . trillian ( v.o. ) finnegan !!! finnegan get to the jet ski ! go ! CUT to : 144 hallway - night 144 trillian stand there , pull on the door , half naked . the door be bolt tight . she have not other option . she run off . CUT to : 145 frisco bar - night 145 finnegan turn as the dance floor and the d.j. booth explode as something rise up from below they . his eye widen . and there it be -- the huge , horrible , mutate , mucus-cover , sucker - face head of the creature . a giant mutate protoplasm . jutting up from a breach in the floor . the trunk of the creature , the part where all the tentacles come from , be below the next deck . a slimy , translucent membrane slowly rise , revealing what appear to be some sort of organic liquid eye . it seem to stare right at finnegan , who be transfix by the sight . a tentacle slowly start to move in on finnegan . finnegan start make he way around the shattered debris that block he shot . the eyeball - type organism follow he . another tentacle start to move . silently undulate through the water towards finnegan . the membrane over the eye move . and another tentacle start to close in for the kill . they be surround finnegan . finnegan come around the shattered d.j. booth . face the creature full - on . he can not miss . he give it a wick smile . finnegan get a good look ... in slow - motion , finnegan lift he pulse-rifle . it drip water . he jam the gun-butt into he hip . take aim -- fire ! but he only get off one quick burst before a tentacle lash out and grab he . jerk he into the air . his pulse-rifle go fly . finnegan be be drag toward the hole into the floor , and the death that await he . he struggle to free himself as the hole loom closer , closer . he be about to disappear down the hole of no return , when he hand come up with he knife . he slashes the tentacle in two , scramble up and head for a open door . as he reach the door , a tentacle rise up in front of he . huge . block he way . it 's maw open wide . a terrifying sight of jaw and tooth and death . about to devour he . as it strike forward , finnegan draw he shotgun , and blast the vile thing to smithereen . he bolt through the door , several tentacles already after he . CUT to : 146 watersport platform - night 146 trillian sit up on the jet ski . she hear the gunfire . trillian finnegan !! come on !! CUT to : 147 passageway - night 147 finnegan run wildly down a passageway . he round a corner . a tentacle side - swipe he . hard . smashes he into a wall . finnegan drop the shotgun . Hit the floor run . another tentacles check he . send he spiraling through a hatch . finnegan tumble in . face-first . quickly roll over and look back -- a tentacle lash in through the doorway . finnegan back -pedal on he hand and foot , stumbling over various sport equipment . the tentacle home - in on he . charge forward . finnegan hurl himself backwards . throwing anything that come to hand at the tentacle . a volleyball . a waterski . a tackle BOX . a frisbee . but onward it come . finnegan back pedal faster . over diving gear . scuba tank . fin and mask . the tentacle rise . about to strike . finnegan back into the wall . trapped . he spot a speargun . grab it . the tentacle lunge . finnegan fire . nail it . pin it to the wall . finnegan scramble past the furiously writhing tentacle and run out of the room . CUT to : 148 watersport platform - night 148 trillian lift up she foot as the jet ski touch down into the dark water . she frantically whisper to herself : trillian oh my God , oh my God . suddenly , twenty foot from the jet ski , something swirl through the water . trillian aim she pulse- rifle at it . eye wide . knuckle white . breathe hard . whamm !! something drop onto the ski behind she . trillian ( cont 'd ) eeeeyyyyaaahhh !!!! she turn , ghost white ...to finnegan . finnegan I do not mean to drop in unannounced ... you ready ... trillian soon as I get over the heart attack ... finnegan whistle . wait . no engine go on . he whistle again . still no response . remove he watch , give it to trillian . finnegan Three minute ... I be not back ... no matter what ... you go ... trillian no ... finnegan you do not take order very well , do you ? trillian I do not take order at all . finnegan this time , make a exception . he grab trillian 's pulse rifle , and leap up on the side of the saipan , and scale up to the deck . trillian watch he , and then look at the watch . CUT to : 149 saipan pilot house - night 149 finnegan burst in . finnegan pantucci !... joey ! then he spot something on the floor . he reach down and pick it up . it 's pantucci 's leather tool belt . it 's be ripped to shred . finnegan stare at it . his grip tightening . tear rise in he eye . his jaw clenching . then he fling the belt aside . fill with rage . finnegan ( cont 'd ) time to die , motherfucker . finnegan hit the ignition button . a desperate moment of dry cranking ... and then the one remain engine catch , sputter , and fire to life . CUT to : 150 fuji maru - night 150 trillian hear the saipan 's engine come to life . she hit the ignition on the jet ski . right next to she something drop from the deck of the saipan into the water . finnegan clamber up in front of she . his pulse rifle still in hand . trillian where 's you friend ? finnegan he 's not come ... the saipan strain on its leash . engine gunning . finnegan swing he rifle around . open up on the tie-line . all the tie - line shreed . the saipan start to break free . finnegan ( cont 'd ) hold on ! he gun the ski ... and it stall . the jet ski stall . go dead in the water . finnegan ( cont 'd ) oh shit !! nearby , the water swirl violently . he hammer the starter button . finnegan ( cont 'd ) come on !! the engine stutter . he try again . finnegan ( cont 'd ) come on !! another stutter . more water swirl , get closer now . but the third time 's a charm . the jet ski come to life and shoot off along the side of the ship . just as a tentacle come shoot out of the water . finnegan fire at it , blow it to piece . the last tie - line snap . the saipan lurch away from the Fuji maru . the jamme steering - stick force the rudder to turn it in a tight circle . 151 fast : 151 finnegan bear down on the handlebar of the jet ski . pedal to the metal . look straight ahead . trillian hold on for dead life . suddenly , a wave explode in front of the jet ski . finnegan crank the handlebar . the jet ski slews sideways . the saipan start to arc around . the warhead gleam in the moonlight . dripping water . finnegan haul ass away from the Fuji maru . engine roaring . throw water . another wave explode . a tentacle rear up . right in front of the jet ski . finnegan and trillian lean hard . the jet ski skid sideways across the water . bouncing hard . trillian can not hold on . flip off the back . skip across the water . finnegan roar away . a tentacle hard on he ass . trillian pop to the surface . tread water . panicked . watch finnegan and the jet ski leave she behind . finnegan look back at trillian . bob in the water . the he look at the saipan . continue its arc . its deadly payload racing for the Fuji maru . finnegan crank the handlebar . smashes through a wave and head for trillian . trillian see he and swim hard . the saipan roar straight at the Fuji maru . the warhead perfectly position to strike its hull . only fifty meter away . now forty . now thirty - five . 152 faster : 152 finnegan cut the motor of the jet ski . slide up next to trillian . grab she by she arm . rip she out of the water . throw she onto the back of the jet ski . just as a tentacles rise up , lash out . he gun it . smashes through the wave . the warhead splashes through the water . the jet ski haul ass . engine whining out . faster and faster . a huge geyser of water explode in front of the jet ski . a tentacle slap down hard . finnegan cut hard . too late . the jet ski ramp through the geyser . they and the jet ski tumble and splash across the water . the saipan charge forward . twenty - five meter away from hit the Fuji maru . no twenty meter away . now fifteen . finnegan pop to the surface . look around . can not find trillian . he dive under the water . his Pov : tentacles converge on he from the murky depth . the " retrieve " feature that 's on all jet skis force it back around towards where finnegan and trillian fall off . finnegan burst to the surface . holding trillian . she look nearly lifeless . the jet ski head right at they . finnegan swim for it . dragging trillian . as tentacles converge from all side . the jet ski be suddenly sucked under the water ! swallow whole . finnegan quickly reverse . backstroke like mad . the warhead slice through the water . now only ten meter away from hit the Fuji maru . now nine meter away . now eight . Seven . six. five . 153 go into slo -mo now as : 153 finnegan paddle hard . suck in as much water as he be air . a tentacle rise up out of the water . loom above finnegan and trillian . dripping water . about to strike . there 's nowhere to hide . finnegan paddle harder . 154 come out of slow -mo as : 154 the tentacle start its downward lunge . and that 's when the saipan ram the Fuji maru . the warhead slam into its hull . ba-whoooooommm !! the saipan evaporate . metal fly . water sprays . FIRE fill the night sky . the top deck of the Fuji maru cartwheel across the wave . the tentacle above finnegan drop like lead . and just lie there . quivering . another explosion . lift the remain of the fuji maru out of the sea . send shock wave across the water . blow finnegan 's hair back . he swim on . towards the island . pull trillian . the remain of the saipan and the fuji maru smolder and sink . bubble explode to the surface . a couple dozen small fire dot the wave . water sizzle and steam . smoke drift into the night sky . debris coat the water . slow dissolve to : 155 beach - sunrise 155 finnegan and trillian crawl out of the water and up onto the beach of the island . they collapse next to each other . finnegan be exhaust . trillian cough up seawater . they both turn and look out to sea , and the rise sun . trillian reach into she bra , and pull out the egg size diamond . she hold it up . the sun refract off it brilliantly ... trillian look at the diamond , look around at the picture perfect island , the picture perfect sunset ... and then she heave it as far as she can into the sea . for the first time since they know each other there be nobody around . no people . no tentacles . and when they look at each other , something else come to mind besides survival . finnegan move towards trillian . trillian move towards finnegan . they lip move closer , closer ... and then , down by they foot -- something explode out of the water ! scare the shit out of they . the audience too . but it 's just pantucci . look waterlogged and shell - shocked . cough up half the sea . finnegan and trillian help he to he foot . pantucci be it the water in my eye or be you guy about to ... finnegan joey ... pantucci because it 's cool , you know , I can always take a walk or something down the beach ... finnegan joey ... pantucci or I could go for a swim ... although , I gotta tell you ... if I never get in the water again ... both joey !! pantucci ok ...ok ... you do not have to beg I ... I will stick around ... and then they head the most gut - wrenching , spine - tingling , tooth - shatter roar ever . pure primeval . like no sound or animal or thing we have ever hear beofre . come from deep within the island . pantucci ( cont 'd ) or maybe not ... finnegan , trillian , and pantucci slowly turn and look inland . we begin to pull back as they all stand up . more strange noise be heard . from multiple unknown species . we keep pulling back . revealing more of this creepy-look island . and leave we three heroes strand on the beach . we keep pulling back . revealing piece of the smolder ship . nearly the whole island be visible now . Dark jungle . craggy mountain . maybe the scariest- look place on earth . finnegan ( v.o. ) what now ... the " thing " roar again . it 's hellacious . and we CUT to black . the end