deep impact written by bruce joel rubin and michael tolkin October 17 , 1997 deep Impact space deep , dark . star , distant planet , silence . the universe spread out before we in all of it 's terrifying mystery . inviting , seductive . the dark edge of a infinite lethal precipice dare we to jump . it blur . out of focus . and back . brilliant , sharp . the soft click of a shutter . it hang open for a eternity . then , close . the whine of film advance . we be ina -- state park in virginia - night with a pretty girl , sarah , no more than fourteen , take photo of the night sky through she small telescope . she 's surround by a dozen other telescope , three or four foot long , reflector and refractor . teenager , a few adult , all take picture of the night sky use camera attach to they telescope . the shutter open , close . the camera motor advance . the teacher , mr. perry , supervise . we move to : leo biederman , whose interest in the sky be almost equal to he interest in Sarah . leo Matt sheperd ? Sarah do not look up from she telescope . sarah he ask I . it 's just a party . he 's nice . leo to you maybe ... perry what 's the bright one ? perry , behind Leo . Leo return to he telescope . ( continued ) 2 continued : leo mizar , it 's a double star . perry and the one next to it ? leo alcor . perry and the one next to that ? Leo stare through the telescope , hesitates . finally ... leo I do not know . sarah it 's megrez . leo no it 's not . sarah you say you do not know . leo I know where megrez be . I be talk about the other thing . he stand up for perry to take a look . so do Sarah , through she telescope . leo ( cont 'd ) South , about ten degree . Leo can not help but glance down as Sarah 's jeans part from she lower back when she lean over the telescope . perry ( eye in the viewer ) probably a satellite . leo ( distract ) huh ? as perry start to walk away . perry ( a afterthought ) take a picture and send it to Dr. Wolf . sarah it 's megrez . ( continued ) 2a . continued : ( 2 ) leo it 's not megrez . Leo look through he telescope at this distant light , snap the shutter , and -- the screen goe black . remote observatory - night and then , the black begin to OPEN . a platform move , dim white run light glide along the smooth circular side of the massive dome above we . ( continued ) continued : a huge telescope swing slowly into place beneath a crystal clear night sky . superimposed on screen , a single word : " skywatch " silhouett against the brilliant star , a man , plume of white breath escape into the bitter desert darkness , marcus wolf . he release the telescope from its clamp . look down at the mirror as it swing into position . wolf step off , walk back to the -- observation room - night flick off the white run light as he go , bathing the scene in red . Studies the sky on a large computer ( no one look through a eyepiece anymore ) . he pick up a envelope lean against the monitor . in it , photograph of the star and a group shot , perry and he kid . Leo and Sarah hold up a sign : lee high school astronomy club . Wolf grab a slice of congeal pizza from a pick - over domino 's box , shuffles the kid ' photo . not much of interest . stop at one . a beat . turn it over , find the scrawle coordinate indicate its location in the sky . intrigue , he walk back into -- the dome - night control the telescope with the kind of simple button you find on a hospital bed : up , down , Left , right . the huge motor grind as the telescope move . the sky change above we as he jog back to - - the observation room the image on the monitor rotate , lock into place . he compare the screen to the photo . smile . wolf hello , do I know you ? ... where be you go in such a hurry ...? tap in a command , the cursor square on one area of the image , enlarges . he stare , enter the ascension and declination direction and observation time . number race by , trajectory , speed . finally ... wolf ( cont 'd ) ...oh shit ... drop he slice of pizza into the trash , swing around to he open laptop . double click on he aol folder . the familiar aol gateway graphic pop up . ( continued ) 10 11 12 13 continued : 6 the modem click on , a dialtone , follow by rapid dialing . he roll back to the mainframe , hunt around for a empty disk , slap it in , begin the download . the modem squawks . a busy signal . the modem disconnect then click alive again . dial the back - up number as Wolf eject the download disk from the mainframe . wheel back to he portable , just in time to be meet by ... voice ( vo ) all circuit be busy , please try you call again later ... the modem click off , the screen return to the aol gateway . wolf perfect ... he grab a manilla envelope , quickly address it to : " carolyn shoemaker Ph.D. Department of planetary Sciences , University of Arizona , Tucson . " find the photo , check the back for Leo 's name . where the disk label have a blank space , he write " wolf - biederman " -- omitted 7 omitted 8 observatory - night 9 a batter Jeep wrangler . Wolf leap in , roar off down the mountain . the observatory loom behind he . truck - night 10 a trucker , mccloud , in the cab of a semi , a six - pack of jolt colas on the seat , the radio blaring country . wolf car - night 11 Wolf listen to puccini . the Jeep speed around the snowy mountain curve shakily as he attempt to dial he portable cellular phone and stay on the road . truck - night 12 puccini collide with garth brook as mccloud guzzle he jolt . a long cigarette ash dangle from he lip . wolf car - night 13 Wolf drive . the phone hold to he ear . a distant ringing . ( continued } 13 14 15 continued : 13 wolf +.. come on ... come on ... and finally , a voice answer . woman ( vo ) you have reach the Department of planetary Sciences . if you know the extension number of the person you be try to reach , enter it now ... Wolf hold the phone down in front of he , try to dial the number , steer , and keep a eye on the road all at once . dial win out . truck - night 14 the cigarette ash fill the screen . we know it 's go to drop . we wonder when ... mccloud »..0h fuck ...! his hand dance wildly , search for the hot ash . a montage of accelerate image 15 Wolf 's Jeep round the bend in the wrong lane . mccloud 's hand dig between he leg , the ash burn he finger as Wolf 's light blind he . Wolf scream . mccloud yank the wheel , the semi skid . mccloud ... Jesus ...! the collision be a ballet of destruction , the drama of two body try to occupy the same space at the same time . the mass of the truck dominate the Jeep . the Jeep 's small frame have nowhere to go but back into itself . abstractly , this be sculpture , at the moment , this be death . Flying glass be everywhere . the Jeep 's canvas roof shred and flail . its engine push the steering column up into the cab . the semi shove the Jeep up and through the guardrail , twist metal and wood bursting out into space . the Jeep surge end over end , down the side of the mountain , towards the snowy wood , a hundred yard below . the manilla envelope with the computer disk soar out of the rag that be the Jeep 's roof . for a moment it land at the foot of a snowy evergreen . a explosion and a massive rush of air send it further into the wintery forest . 16 17 18 18a on the road above - night 16 mccloud fall from the truck cab , drag himself up , stumble to the edge of the cliff , pick he way through the strewn glass and metal . grab a roadsign for support , blood run down he face . he stare through the twisted guardrail down into the canyon at the burn wreckage until : a second explosion drive he back from the edge and we pull away . finally able to read the large yellow roadsign light by the fire below ... " watch for falling rock . " dissolve to : a title be superimpose on screen : wolf -biederman minus two year , five month , nine day , three hour . mountain near telescope - day 17 a brilliant summer day , hot , bright . two state highway truck be park , orange cone , warning sign . a supervisor take a drink from a greasy water cooler perch on the tailgate . walk past the cage window of a park Department of correction bus . cross the road to the repair guardrail and the roadside sign above it , " watch for falling rock " . yell below . supervisor Three o'clock . let 's go ... his voice carry US down the rocky hillside to the canyon floor below where a youth offender prison crew , rough teenager in orange jumpsuit , pick up trash . the crew look up the hill , start back for the road . a surly teen gang girl turn to go , spy one last piece of weathered manila envelope tuck under a pile of decompose branch and leave . Spears it . bring it up to she jam-bag . stop . a name , fade , almost illegible . pull it off she stick , bring it closer . a address : " carolyn shoemaker Ph.D. Department of planetary Sciences , University of Arizona , Tucson . " CUT to : omit 18 limestone cliff - night 18a the headlight of a helicopter settles down into the swirl dust of a massive construction sight . hundred of worker , train track , massive drill , four story earthmover . entrekin hop out , shake the hand of a hard -hatted man . ( continued ) 6a . 18a continued : 18a entrekin no excuse , parnell , all I want to know be be we go to be ready on time ? they walk out into the huge site , dodging heavy equipment . foreman we will be ready . 19 ext . WASHINGTON DC . restaurant - day 19 lunch in a garden restaurant . jenny lerner 29 , seat with she mother robin , 55 . Robin have a slight air of bohemia ; if the woman she age in the restaurant be dress for business , she 's more relaxed . she 's also a lot more drunk . Jenny be lovingly concerned . instead of look at she daughter , though , Robin study she watch . robin at this moment , right now , the pretty little girl , the twin , oh what be they name ? his sister 's grandchild ... jenny Emma and susanna . mother ... robin they be walk down the aisle , spread flower , drop the rise petal , everyone be smile at they . jenny Mom , be this really a good idea ? robin yes . and now she 's walk down the aisle , and she stand beside he , and the priest ... jenny judge , it 's not a church wedding , mother . robin and the judge say , blab blah blah , sickness and health , blah blab blah , do you , Jason lerner , take chlorine ... jenny Chloe , she name be Chloe . robin of course it be . and Jason be say , lie lie lie lie lie , ' till death do we blah blah blah blah ... and she say yes and he say yes and it 's kissy kissy kissy and congratulation , Jenny ... the weight of what be happen hit Jenny . she can not believe it . jenny no ... ( continued ) 19 continued : of . 19 robin ( you understand , do not you ? ) that 's right , the nuclear family just explode . jenny as of this moment , I now have a stepmother who be two year older than I be . robin after fifteen year ... Fifteen year , I can not believe how much it hurt I ... Jenny , fifteen year , you would think I would have be past the pain , Jenny , it hurt I so much I be embarrassed . Jenny study she mother . she realize something . jenny when be the last time you sleep with he ? robin that 's none of you business . ( after a consider moment ) the hell with my deadline . have a martini . Jenny signal the waiter for the bill . he bring it over . jenny it would be a lot of fun to get drunk with you , Mom , but ... robin ( you do not have to say it ) I know , I know , I know . jenny I be sorry about this . robin we will get over it . I love you . jenny I love you , too . she pay the bill in cash . robin let I . ( continued ) 19 20 21 7b . continued : ( 2 ) 19 jenny no. Goodbye , Mom . and Jenny leave . at the door of the restaurant : she go to the maitre d' and give she a twenty . jenny ( cont 'd ) call a cab for my mother , would you , Sue ? MSNBC reception - day 20 Jenny come in from lunch , in a hurry . behind the receptionist be a television tune perpetually to the news . the anchor be tim urbanski , 46 . tim tragedy strike today as a charter aircraft carry a Army unit return from duty in Japan crash this morning into the water of puget sound outside of Seattle ... MSNBC studio - day 21 Jenny walk into the desk behind urbanski 's overlit anchor desk . it 's half - set , half - work area . we see urbanski 's back , the camera point at we , the blaze light . Jenny dump she purse into a desk drawer , the preoccupy researcher , bobby rhue . Bobby get up and walk with Jenny . bobby would you sign a petition to get a new coffee machine ? jenny would you call every hospital between Washington and Baltimore to see if anyone have admit a Holly Rittenhouse in the last few day ? where 's Stuart ? bobby they start early today . ( what he want to talk about ) the coffee be bitter . I hear that 's why Bob Campbell be leave . jenny ( this be important ) Bob Campbell be leave ? ( continued ) 21 22 7c . continued : 21 bobby I hear he 's go to San Diego to be a anchor . jenny and you tell I ... bobby because I have faith in you , and because ... he give she the petition . jenny do not forget the hospital . bobby I never forget anything . she sign the petition on the run and hustle past the window of the Day Care Center where toddler play . stop at the glass - wall conference room overlook the studio floor . tries she best to enter quietly . MSNBC conference room - day 22 the staff meeting 's already in progress . a long table fill with a odd mix of impeccably attire and perfectly coif on - air personality intersperse with casually dress could not give - a- shit senior staff . the meeting be run by stuart caley , late fifty , hold a piece of fax paper disdainfully . behind he be a wall of monitor tune to compete news outlet . some have a large Starbucks coffee , some have evian . stuart White House Press office say that Secretary of the treasury Rittenhouse be resign because he wife be sick . that illicit a round of cynical hoot . ira moskatel be business news , 40' . ira sick , my ass ! Jenny squeeze into a empty seat on the outer ring of the room . beth stanley , 40' , attractive , the senior White House correspondent , smile back at Jenny , shake she head in mock disapproval . stuart so who pass Rittenhouse the hemlock ? ( continued ) 22 continued : 7d . 22 beth afl - cio want he off the Council of economic advisor for not support the pension Bill . President 's go to need Labor next fall . marianne State 's still fume about the Trade Office screw - up at the G -7 . marianne duclos : English , International news desk . jeff worth , 50' . worth Pentagon 's be unhappy with he readiness reduction proposal . beth Greenspan dislike he . stuart Christ , who do not this guy piss of ff ? ira ( grin ) no wonder the wife 's sick . that get a few laugh . Jenny cut in from the back . jenny she 's not sick , she 's a drunk . stuart how do you know ? but she 's not go down easy , stand she ground . jenny I have breakfast with Mike woodward over at treasury . ( she note ) Mrs. Rittenhouse start drink a couple of year ago when she husband have a series of affair . stepped it up last summer when they son die of leukemia . Word at treasury be she 's get liver damage , may even need a transplant . that shut they up . Beth sneak a smile back to Jenny . beth you want to do something on the price the wife pay ? ( continued ) 22 7e . continued : ( 2 ) 22 worth that 's tired . stuart look into it , Beth . what else , ira ? as ira begin he report , Beth look back to Jenny , whisper . we listen to both conversation at once . beth ira moskatel Mike woodward , wife , Pentagon 's get ready three kid ? to issue a report on the cost of the President jenny bring all military he 's be ask I personnel back stateside . out for month , so I maybe there 's a connection . let he have a breakfast and hit he up on worth Rittenhouse . Defense be not comment ( then ) but everybody over there Bob Campbell be leave . seem pretty tense . the midnight Saturday anchor shift be open marianne up . NATO 's certainly not happy about it . beth why would I give up stuart the White House for a let 's go around : white graveyard weekend slot ? House ? jenny not for you , for I . Beth stare at the young , attractive Jenny . smile . beth no . we will talk about this later . ( answer Stuart ) very calm , the President will be back from Camp David tomorrow . stuart ira , business news ? Jenny be not give up on Beth yet . ( continued ) 22 continued : ( 3 ) jenny Beth ... beth keep work on Rittenhouse . ( smile ) maybe Mike 's available for dinner . beth ( then ) usual background , administration official who have resign under similar circumstance , usual . Jenny 's clearly unhappy . Beth 's attitude be good humor and indulge , that of a mentor and a friend . beth ( cont 'd ) try to find Mrs. Rittenhouse , see if you can get she to do a stand -up . the good wife , loving kid , throw in the family pooch if they have get one . take a cameraman from the pool . 7f -9 . 22 ira moskatel a lot of market activity in Florida construction right now . stuart that 's not a headline . ira you ask . stuart Pentagon ? worth internationally deploy unit continue to be recall home . at this rate , everybody will be back in ten month . Congress the be go nut , rumor be the President plan to cut the Pentagon budget in half . stuart International : Marianne ? marianne Europe calm , Pakistan bloody , Japan election , nigerian famine . stuart lead with the Pentagon again , follow with the famine . ( look around ) Jenny , get some famine statistic . maybe we can do a world hunger series . beth she 's on Rittenhouse for I . jenny I can do both , Stuart . that get a smile and a head shake from Beth . stuart great . okay , that 's it . everyone stand , gather papers . Jenny dog Beth out into : ( continued ) 23 10 . the MSNBC hall - day 23 jenny Beth ... beth ( laugh / smile ) oh god , Jenny , please ... look , this be how it work . you have do you two year in research , now do three as a segment producer , five on air do domestic feature , a couple as a Bureau Chief in some cholera ride hellhole , and then , I will quit if they do not give you a weekend anchor shot . Jenny stare at she , uncertain . jenny be you protect I , or just hold I back ? beth ( smile ) yes . Rittenhouse tape and text by four , we will drop in my reverse for the five o'clock . Beth walk into the Day Care center . we see she lift she daughter through the window . beth ( cont 'd ) caitlin ! hello sweet pea ... Jenny hang back . piss . spot Stuart . jenny Stuart ... he 's on the move to he office , read , barely look up . jenny ( cont 'd ) Bob Campbell 's Saturday slot be open . I hear he 's leave . I would like to sub for he . stuart anchor ? jenny I think I be ready . stuart I do not . ( continued ) 23 23a 10a . continued : 23 he disappear into he office . she cross to she desk . int . NASA shuttle prep build - night 23a a shuttle surround by gantry , and man and woman in furious preparation to send the rocket into space . a new point of view , take in the scene . track from the new point of view . on the astronaut we hear the echo of old cowboy boot on the hard concrete floor . this should be like Norma desmond 's return to the paramount stage in " sunset boulevard " . while the astronaut be suspicious , all around they the older NASA hand stop what they be do , wherever they be , and begin to applaud . partenza that 's he . simon unbelievable . baker how long have he be out of the saddle ? monash they do not trust we without he . tulchinsky we should give he a chance . monash and if he blow it ? tulchinsky you have a point ... return to the man' Pov we hold back and spurgeon tanner enter frame . tanner walk proudly into the applause , know that to acknowledge the support of the old hand be to give they encouragement . we come around he as he walk ahead to greet a man in the crowd who be come out to he , mitch hefter , in he sixty , another old engineer . hefter how have you be , Fish ? ( continued ) 23 a continued : and he walk forward , tanner I do not know how much I miss this place until just now . it 's good to be back . hefter I be against it . but they need you help . tanner I know . let 's meet the crew . 10b-10c . 23a and from a safe distance we see he shaking hand with everyone , and we see that monash be reluctant , and tanner know it . ( continued ) 11 . 23b int . MSNBC next - day 23b a new face , sheila martin , African - american , late - 30' , at the anchor desk . we hear and see she live on the various monitor scattered throughout the room . Jenny and Bobby walk through the room . bobby martin I try the hospital , the President today no Rittenhouse ... announce the cancellation of another aircraft carrier , jenny the Ronald Reagan . at the the rehab hospital ? White House , we Beth stanley . bobby I know my job . I call on tv : president tom beck , in every one from Florida a oval Office photo op : to Connecticut . beck ( on tv ) jenny Defense conversion will be there a may , be require we to re-imagine there a driver ? and re-invent the way government work . bobby Patricia Ruiz , beth ( on tv ) Rittenhouse 's Secretary , Senator Barbara Boxer of be drop from the California have this payroll . response . jenny ( the first good news of the year ) I will bet she 's happy about that . they reach she desk . where we find , eric vennekor , twenty , handsome . he 's make himself comfortable at she desk , watch cartoon . ( continued ) 23b continued : jenny who be you ? eric Eric vennekor , you new cameraperson . the pool send I over . jenny could you please get you foot off my desk . ( she grab she coat and the remote and change the channel ) time to run . ( to Bobby ) you do not happen to get Mrs ... bobby Ruiz , you be meeting she for coffee , eric there 's plenty of room in the van . jenny good . follow I . I will take my car . after I see Ruiz we go to Rittenhouse 's place and either surprise he or find out what the may know . you grab a couple of pretty shot of the house , and I will let Beth tell I what the story be . 114a . 23 on tv : senator boxer in the Capitol . boxer ( on tv ) first the massive troop redeployment and now the cancellation of a second carrier . the President have be play with the treasury as though he do not have to answer to Congress , and I be very disappointed . beth the President be quick to respond . insert president beck beck I be not cancel the carrier . I be say that there 's new technology which would lower its construction cost and I want to give it more study . on tv : Beth be on she foot , ask he a follow - up question . beth but what about the three billion dollar already commit to the ship ? beck we will save it for a rainy day . on tv Beth in front of the White House , a standard shot . beth this be Beth stanley , report from the White House . they be watch Beth on the monitor . you be get a little too good at this . come on . and they go . 24 and 25 25 a 11b . omit int . capitol reflecting pool lunch Jenny and mrs . ruiz , a fifty -ish career secretary , a decent person , very wounded by something . Eric 's lean against the van smoking , park illegally over by the step . Office worker eat lunch outdoors in the warm weather . ruiz I have be with the Secretary since he be Governor of Connecticut . I come with he to Washington . I move here because I be dedicated to he career . I trust the man . and then he fuck I . jenny he what ? ruiz no ... I do not have sex with he ... or I should say , I do not have sex with he , but somebody sure do . and it be about to come out , so he resign . but since I be hire from outside the government pool , I do not get convey to the next Secretary , so now I be out a job . because he could not keep he hand off of woman . jenny do you have proof ? ruiz he think he be so clever . he have a private phone line install in he office . nobody else could answer it . I pick it up once , say " hello " ... and it 's nobody home . it ring , he shut the door . why not hang a sign ? jenny do you have a name ? Ruiz balk . her year of loyalty hard to shed . ruiz this be what I get for talk to the press . I be sell my soul right now , I can feel it , I can feel it . I name a name and get someone into trouble . ( continued ) 24 and 25 25a 11c-14 . 25a continued : 25 a jenny so you know she name ? ruiz just she first name . oh my God , I be go to say it ... ( a beat ) ellie . Jenny write , suppress a grin , this be great . jenny just ellie ? nothing else ? ruiz I think the President know she too . I overhear the Secretary talk to he about she . be not Washington sick ? Jenny nod as if agree , but frankly , right now , Washington be pretty damn great . ruiz ( cont 'd ) I almost feel sorry for he . jenny sorry for the man who cost you you job ? ruiz thank you . that 's a reality check I be go to cash right now . 15 . 26 chesapeake BAY - day 26 half-million dollar home on a beautiful cove by the bay . huge tree , gravel line drive , azalea . Jenny and Eric climb out of a MSNBC van , look down the roll lawn to a lovely brick Colonial . eric you drive like a maniac . jenny thank you . eric have you ever see a Scottish cameraman naked before 3:00 p.m .? it 's a custom ... Eric grab he camera gear . he follow Jenny down the lawn . 26a ext . on the dock - day 26a lily be a pretty ten year old , stuff a sailbag . jenny hi. lily can I help you ? jenny we be look for you mom . lily my Mom 's sick , she 's not here . Jenny study the scene on the dock : duffel bag , travel gear , freeze dry food , several case of ensure . jenny I love boat . look like you be go on a long trip . lily uh huh . jenny that 's exciting . where be you go ? alan rittenhouse , a patrician in he fifty , come out of the boat . rittenhouse she 's go up to the house . lily , please . ( continued ) 15a . 26a continued : 26a jenny lily , what a pretty name . Jenny lerner , MSNBC , Mr. Rittenhouse ... rittenhouse lily , do as I say . Eric shoulder the camera . rittenhouse ( cont 'd ) what do you want from I ? jenny we want to talk to you about you resignation . rittenhouse my wife be sick , she be in the hospital . this be why I resign , everybody know that . jenny Sir , we can talk about you wife , or we can talk about ellie . rittenhouse turn you camera off . if you want to talk , turn it off . Jenny give the okay to Eric . he put it down . jenny we know everything . rittenhouse nobody know everything . jenny we know about the secret phone line . the whisper call to the President . a Secretary of the treasury keep he entire department in the dark about what he 's really do . a cover story about he resignation that 's just be blow . you want I to keep go ? rittenhouse and you be just go to break it ? jenny that 's what we do for a live . you keep secret , we expose they . democracy in action , sir . ( continued ) 26a continued : 15b - 22 . ( 2 ) 26 a rittenhouse congratulation , now you have get the biggest story in history . good luck to you . personally , I think it 's a mistake to run it , but , hey , what the hell , why not ? what difference do anything make anymore ? ( beat ) I know you be just a reporter , but you use to be a person , right ? I want to be with my family . can you understand that ? Rittenhouse turn away from Jenny and walk over to lily who have be curiously watch the exchange . Rittenhouse take lily 's arm and they quickly leave the dock together . 27 omit thru 33b 27 thru 33b 23 . 34 parkway near the potomac late - afternoon 34 Jenny 's drive she Honda , talk into a microcassette recorder as the sun set over the mall . jenny ( figure out the story , make note ) okay , so ... it 's obvious . the Secretary of the treasury resign because of a mistress name ellie . the President know about this . but why ... the people ... the Secretary of the treasury ... the President ... whoa ... the President of the United States have a girlfriend name ellie , and the Secretary of the treasury be pretend to have a affair with she , and he resign ... and the President busy he a yacht ? ( she 's get it , now she 's pretend to be on air ) MSNBC learn today that a shocking sex scandal have rock the white House and the treasury Department . in the still unfold drama , source within the treasury Department have confirm ... boom ! the recorder fly out of she hand and smashes against the window as she head whip forward . she 's be rammed from behind , look in she rear view mirror . jenny ( cont 'd ) Son of a bitch . a dark domestic sedan , two man in the front seat . they ram she again . she 's not stupid , this be serious . she try to speed up but the car ahead slow down . she try to pass , but the car beside she will not move , its male passenger motion for she to pull over . jenny ( cont 'd ) oh no ... shit ... she pull to the side of the road , the three escort car surround she . a man in a grey suit open she car door . grey man if you would please , mar 'am . jenny who the hell be you ? FBI badge . he point inside the sedan . ( continued ) 34 23a . continued : 34 grey man please ... it 's not a request . she step out cautiously , he open the passenger door of he sedan . she climb in as a young man hop in behind the wheel of she Honda . ( continued ) 34 35 36 37 38 24-248 . continued : ( 2 ) jenny you guy would not have a warrant or anything , would you ? but nobody answer , nobody even look at she as the convoy pull away and disappear into the heavy traffic . omitted omitted kitchen hallway late - afternoon Jenny be bring down a long , oppressive concrete hallway , overhead pipe , conduit , duct . be lead into a -- huge underground industrial kitchen late - afternoon a few man be there , wait . morton entrekin step forward , 40s , hip , Southern , shirtsleeve . the kitchen counter be cover with food from a interrupt luncheon clean-up . entrekin Morton entrekin , Ms. lerner . he offer he hand . she think about this , then take it . everyone be watch she , no one give anything away . there 's another few jar of that damned ensure . what 's go on ? jenny MSNBC ... they know what I be work on ... they expect from I and I think they should . entrekin people know about the Manhattan Project and they keep it secret . jenny and that be just the creation of the atom bomb . entrekin you do understand . hundred of thousand of people keep that secret . that 's how we win World War two . thousands be keep this secret . jenny I be a reporter . entrekin with no concern for national security ? ( continued ) 34 35 36 37 38 38 25 . continued : ( 3 ) 38 Jenny be thoroughly confuse , try desperately to figure out what he 's talk about without revealing she ignorance . but he 's not watch she , he 's still wait . a FBI agent pick luncheon meat off a large deli platter , eat . what the hell be go on ? the double door burst open and president beck enter follow by secret service Agents . to say he enter do not quite explain it , he presence seem to proceed he , as if he 's the dawn sun just break the horizon . beck Ms. lerner , Tom beck . I understand you have come into a little information . Jenny stand there as if slap . beck offer the smile that get he elect . Holy shit , the water 's suddenly very deep . entrekin Ms. lerner be just express she lack of enthusiasm for matter of national security when journalist competitiveness be at stake . beck nod , seem to agree with Jenny . the reasonable , understanding father , the legislative compromiser . Jenny 's stare at he . he 's not unaware of the effect he 's have on she . she take a deep breath , play she only card . jenny ( fight now to collapse in front of the man ) at this moment Mr. President , I be not interested in use ellie to further my career . when she say the word ellie , the President study she . he want to speak to she as someone he can trust . beck so what do you know about e.l.e .? when Jenny hear the phrase e.l.e. something snap into place . she realize she have a card to play for the first time since she be take here . jenny I know you should have choose a better cover story than a sick wife . beck look unhappily to entrekin . ( continued ) 25a . 38 continued : ( 4 ) 38 beck you see ? what do I say ? entrekin hold up he hand , guilty as charge . beck ( cont 'd ) we always think that the deadline for go public be the publication of the budget . we have spend more money than we could hide . but the budget come out in two week . I do not suppose I can convince you to sit on this for two week ? jenny there 's no such thing as two week in the news business . beck and I can not appeal to you sense of what 's in the nation 's best interest . jenny I always think the truth be in the nation 's best interest . beck and entrekin look at each other . entrekin should we hold she ? beck what if we go public in forty - eight hour ? that 's doable , be not it ? entrekin it would be very difficult . beck if she know , how many day before the Post or CNN break the story ? this be never go to be a secret as long as you want it to be , Morton . ( back to Jenny ) if you give we two day , you get second row center at the White House press conference . and from what I know about you career , that 's a promotion . she consider this . she have to play a big card . jenny I want exclusivity . ( continued ) 25b . 38 continued : ( 5 ) 38 beck now you listen to I , Ms. lerner . this be a presidential favor . I be let you go because I do not want another headache and I be trust you because I know what this can do for you career . somehow , we have each other over the same barrel . but who really have the power in this room ? he 's scary , and they be eye to eye . but she be still strong enough for one last volley . jenny I want the first question . beck want ? jenny May I ? May I have the first question ? beck ( the political pro ) see you on Tuesday , Ms. lerner . 38a omit 38a 39 26 . MSNBC . newsroom - night 39 Jenny rush into the newsroom , most of the desk be empty , save for a small news staff , the anchor out front , and a clean crew . she toss she stuff down , throw herself in front of she computer , type in ele . beep ... beep ! the screen come alive with hit . paint company , a exterminate outfit in Atlanta , a upholsterer in boise , a website for ella fitzgerald . she jump to information on ellesmere Island and it 's snow blast eskimo settlement . nothing 's right . she then have a think and type in e.l.e . the search reveal a single hit : e.l.e . -- see University of California at Berkeley , Department of paleontology . jenny what do paleontology have to do with anything ? next hit -- Department of paleontology . a list of sub - heading : invertebrate paleontology , vertebrate paleontology , oceanographic prehistory , hominid paleontology ( see Department of anthropology ) , extinction Studies . that stop she . she click on " extinction Studies " . up come a graphic with the dinosaur and the comet , and the definition : e.l.e . -- extinction level event . she click the hot word , " extinction " and up come : " the act or fact of die ; death , decease , demise , dissolution , pass , quietus , rest . " we be close on Jenny when we hear -- beth hey , look who 's work late . Jenny be petrify , but cover . jenny hi. ( continued ) 39 27 . continued : 39 beth how're we do on Rittenhouse ? it 's Beth , carry she daughter , caitlin , briefcase sling over one shoulder . she 's on she way home . jenny I ... uh ... no sign of he wife , not yet , we be work on it . we will get she . beth be she miss ? jenny ' she 's not available for comment . beth I know it 's a dull story ... jenny yeah beth I will find something more exciting for you next time . jenny great . beth be you okay ? jenny yes . beth come to dinner with we ? jenny I have to meet my Father . beth then I will see you tomorrow . say goodnight , caitlin ... caitlin «.. night ... what Beth have not see be Jenny 's computer screen : a full color and text encyclopedia page , illustrate dinosaur , a comet , extinction . 40 40 a 28 . omit 40 int . hay adam dine room - night 40 a a great old wood panele bar . jason lerner be about sixty three ; a international lawyer , serious and somewhat guard . his relationship with he daughter be civil , and terrible . chloe webber , he new wife , be just two year older than Jenny . she be not a joke , which make this more painful . of course she be lovely , but she be a serious person , too , not unlike he daughter . jason here she be . Jenny ... ( continued ) 28a . 40a continued : 40 a and Jenny come into the room , look like she just find out the world be come to a end . the more deeply she stare into herself , the more she father and mother - in - law read this as hatred of they . the waiter arrive . waiter would you like a drink ? jenny a big martini , up , big . jason I miss you yesterday . it hurt I very much that you do not come to the wedding . chloe ( make peach ) Jason , you promise . Jenny I want you to have something . she hand she a blue box from Tiffany . Jenny stare at the box , as though she 's never see a present . she give he no reaction . indicate another round for he and Chloe . the waiter leave . Jenny handle the box without comprehension . jason Jenny , you should open the present . Jenny open it numbly . two pearl earring . she shake she head , but not about this . chloe you can always exchange they if you do not like they . I know this be hard , but I want you to be happy . jenny happy . the drink arrive . Jason lift he glass . while Jason be talk , Jenny downs the martini . jason alright . I want to forget about yesterday , and I want to say how important it be to I that we be together now . but Jenny have finish she martini in the first five word of the toast , and she 's stare deep into herself . jason ( cont 'd ) be we go to have a evening or not ? ( continued ) 40a continued : 28b-30 . ( 2 ) 40 a chloe I know you hate I . I know you want to say something terrible to I . I know you want to ask I what my major be , or how long I have be drive , or if my mother let 's I cross the street by myself . but my parent be divorced too . you have to get over it . life go on . Jenny look at she , and start to smile , and then laugh to herself . jenny life go on . ( a beat ) dad , you have to get back with Mom . she 's all alone in the world , and she need you . jason Jenny , I get marry yesterday . ( to Chloe ) I be sorry for the way my daughter be behave . chloe ( she 's not happy ) it 's not you fault . jenny I have to go . I be not a bad person . I be really not . I know you think I be and I do not hate you . I have to go . Jenny get up and leave . we stay with Jason and Chloe . she pick up the earring . ( continued ) 40b and 40c 41 thru 44 45 46 31 . omit 40b and 40 c omit 41 thru 44 ext . white house early evening 45 the press corps be in full force . Reporters every ten foot , each with a backdrop of the White House . we track along , hearing they all say essentially the same thing . brent hume President beck begin he address in fifteen minute ... cokey robert the White House have maintain a complete blackout on the purpose of tonight 's speech ... french reporter Le President a demande ace que les television du monde entier ... african reporter hotuba itatafsiriwa kwa lugha mia moja to ishirnini ... white house PRESS room - night 46 Jenny shove she way through the tangle of reporter and camera , make she way slowly . uncertain where to go . beth Jenny ...? Beth come through the crowd . shock to see Jenny . beth ( cont 'd ) what be you do here ? Beth stare down at Jenny 's White House credential . ( continued ) 46 32 . continued : 46 beth ( cont 'd ) Stuart send you without tell I ? jenny ( trap ) no , I a ... I be go to talk to you about this but ... beth ( she 's piss ) if Stuart think he can push I out of the White House after all this year -- entrekin Ms. lerner ? Morton entrekin interrupt , take Jenny 's arm . entrekin ( cont 'd ) hi , Beth ... pull she to the front of the room . Beth be leave behind , stunne . watch they go . Jenny steal a look back . entrekin ( cont 'd ) he will find you for the first question , after that , you be on you own . entrekin rip a " reserved " sign off a chair dead center . plop the daze Jenny into it and be go . all around she , seasoned reporter stare ; hume , Roberts , Thomas , lowenstall . but nobody 's stare harder than Beth , take she seat three row back on the side . stofsky lady and gentleman , lady and gentleman ... please ! it 's the Press Secretary , stand at the lectern in front of the White House seal , try to get they attention . stofsky ( cont 'd ) the President will begin by address the nation . please hold you question until he 's finish he remark . the room quiet as camera swing to find President beck and he entourage enter . stofsky ( cont 'd ) lady and gentleman , the President of the United States . ( continued ) 33 . 46 continued : ( 2 ) 46 still camera whir , electronic flash pop . beck take the stage , smile warmly to the assemble . beck hello everybody . asst director ten second Mr. President ... beck find Jenny . nod . straighten himself up . asst director ( cont 'd ) five ...four ... count down the last three on he finger . beck good evening . a few minute ago , the United States ambassador to every country in the world tell the leader of that nation what I be about to tell you . it 's complicated and it 's go to take a little time , so I hope you will bear with I and listen to what I have to say . a little over eight month ago two american astronomer , Marcus Wolf and Leo biederman , work alone ona mountaintop in Arizona , see something in the night sky that give they great concern . 46a int . biederman house - night 46a the biederman family be watch . leo nobody say anything . beck ( on tv ) they see a comet , and the comet be , well , there be a remote possibility that the comet be on a path that could bring it into direct contact with the Earth . 47 MSNBC newsroom - night 47 the President 's on every monitor , but the newsroom explode . people leap for phone and computer , it 's bedlam . stuart we need astronomer , astrophysicist , geologist , climatologist ! ( continued ) 47 continued : the camep 33a-33b . 47 ira moskatel where the hell be Science !? marianne Paris , London , Tokyo , tel aviv ... everywhere , hell yes ! a roam through the chaos . worth who be that guy at Berkeley , do the hale - bopp stand -up ? ira moskatel and graphic , I need graphic ! ( continued ) 48 49 50 34 . white house PRESS room - night 48 the President continue , teleprompter feed he he word . beck now , we get hit every day by rock and meteor , some of they be the size of car and some of they the size of you hand . but the comet we discover be the size of New York City from Central Park to the tip of the Island , about seven mile long . put another way , the comet be larger than mount everest , and weigh five hundred billion ton . the room stir , reporter stare at each other . Jenny 's rapt , she know the punch line , but not the joke . beck ( cont 'd ) chance be , this thing will miss we , because comet be not on railroad track , they be slide and side - slip through space . but this one be too big for we to just cross we finger and hope it scoot on by . so tonight , I want to tell you what I can about what we be do to take care of the comet before there 's even a chance it might hit we . and if the grow - up of the world do not mind , right now I want to talk to the child of the world . neighborhood chicago bar - night 49 everyone watch as the speech continue . the bartender reach for a bottle of the oldest scotch on the shelf and start to pour tall drink without comment . a smoker reach into he pocket and take out a full pack of cigarettes . he blithely hold it open and everyone at the bar reach for one . white house PRESS room - night 50 the President walk to a large monitor on stage with he . project on the tv , we see a NASA film about the comet . beck Comets begin far out in space . they be what 's leave over from the creation of the solar system after the planet be form , billion of year ago . ( more ) ( continued ) 50 continued : 34a . 50 beck ( cont 'd ) this chunks of space debris be in a orbit around the sun , very much like we own , but every now and then ; one of they be bump , a bit like a billiard ball ( more ) ( continued ) 50 51 52 53 35 . continued : ( 2 ) 50 beck ( cont 'd ) on a pool table , and it get knock into a new orbit . MSNBC newsroom - night 51 people be scream on the phone . a few be in shock , still watch the set , Bobby 's one of they . marianne we have get stand - up on line ; Beijing , Rome , San Paulo , Cairo , Berlin ... ( yell out ) anybody know how big the one be that wipe out the dinosaur ! a musician set up a portable keyboard to begin compose , Worth frantically give he instruction . worth something majestic , mysterious , with a fanfare for intros and a theme for longer promo the camera find Stuart and ira hunch over a computer monitor with a graphic artist work on a comet graphic . stuart it 's hit the goddamn earth ! ira that 's what he 's say ! stuart it will scare the shit outta everybody ! new york CITY - night 52 the street be alive with people , people pour outside , some with binocular and long lense on they camera , everyone look up , to see the comet . white house PRESS room - night 53 beck now , if the comet pass around the sun and be to hold to it 's present course , then sometime on August 16 , 2000 there 's a chance we might have a impact . Jenny 's sit there with she notebook , what 's she go to say when the time come ? ( continued ) 36 . 53 continued : 53 beck ( cont 'd ) so for the past eight month , the United States and Russia have be building the large spaceship ever construct ; it 's be build in orbit around the earth . we call it the messiah . I want to emphasize that some scientist argue that there be no reason to spend the time and money to intercept something that probably will not hit we , but we decide not to take that risk . and right now , a team of american astronaut , and one Russian , be at cape canaveral in Florida . in two month they will leave on the shuttle to board the messiah ; this be the crew that will stop the comet . the monitor cut to : 54 canaveral shuttle prep build - night 54 five man and one woman in new flight suit . beck I would like the world to meet some extraordinary people . first be Mission Commander oren monash . Commander , would you introduce we to you team ? monash it would be a honor , sir . executive Officer andrea Baker , Navigator Mark Simon , Medical Officer Gus partenza , from Russia , nuclear specialist Colonel mikhail tulchinsky , and rendezvous Pilot spurgeon tanner . baker have the relaxed confidence of a woman who have never fail at anything . simon be black , military . tulchinsky , be Russian , show he life on he face , every woman , every smile , every heart - break . astronaut hello , Mr. President . beck Captain tanner , you fly six shuttle mission and be the last man to walk on the moon , be not you sir ? ( continued ) 36a . 54 continued : 54 tanner yes , sir . but oren will be do most of the fly on this one . I will just be take we down to the comet surface . monash be smile for the camera , but something 's go on behind he eye . jealousy ? pride ? frustration ? ( continued ) 54 55 56 57 37 . continued : ( 3 ) 54 beck it 's good to know we be go to have you kind of experience up there . godspeed to you all . we be count on you . the camera ' red light go dark at the cape . the astronaut drop they public personas , pull off they mike . monash goddamn dog and pony show . monash shoot a look to tanner , start off . tanner be we have a problem , son ? monash ... no problem ... but he do not look back . tanner watch he go . white house PRESS room - night 55 beck 's back at he podium . beck I want to let the child know that you be go to hear a lot of people worry about this . some of you mom and dad , grandparent , even you big brother and sister ... well , they might be scared . so I be tell you to tell they , everything be go to be okay . I promise . universal CITY walk - day 56 the big tv screen , the President . people pour out of the cineplex to watch as the word spread . white house PRESS room - night 57 beck drop the smile he would use for the kid , look directly into camera , suddenly hard , tough . beck now I want to talk to the grownup . we know that the threat of a apocalypse be go to give some people a excuse for lawlessness . as of this evening , I have place the National Guard and the Army on full alert . ( more ) ( continued ) 57 58 38-38a . continued : 57 beck ( cont 'd ) we will not tolerate any disruption of we way of life . we society will continue as normal . work will go on . you will pay you bill . as the camera move in slowly on beck , Jenny shift in she seat , prepare for the biggest moment of she life . beck ( cont 'd ) there will be no hoard . there will be no sudden profiteering . I be freezing all wage , all price . I have instruct the Secretary of the treasury to close the nation 's financial market . all stock bond , interest and commodity rate , all currency exchange rate and precious metal price will remain fix at today 's price . what a bottle of water cost you yesterday , it will cost you tomorrow . anyone sell something for more than it cost this morning will be arrest . anyone rioting , anyone looting , anyone .. , well , that person be go to be shot on sight . ( let 's it sink in ) now I will take a few question . all hand shoot up in the air , question be shout . the sound of Nikon motor and shutter be like jungle noise in a tarzan movie . Jenny try to be hear , but she 's a novice , bury by the regular . beck ( cont 'd ) Ms. lerner ? who ? the press room regular look around . Jenny . it 's she moment in the sun , she stand .. man , be she nervous . jenny Jenny lerner , MSNBC . Mr. President , why be not the announcement make sooner ? MSNBC newsroom - night 58 Chaos reign , anchor move into place , ready themselves for when the press conference end . but Stuart 's head have snap around to stare at the screen , he mouth open . marianne Jenny lerner ? ira Son of a bitch ... ( continued ) 58 59 60 and 60 a 60 B 60c 39 . continued : ( 2 ) 58 but Eric and Bobby be grin in back , loving it . white house PRESS room - night 59 beck until we know that a rocket could be build and the comet intercept , there be no reason to alarm the planet . Beth 's stare at the back of Jenny 's head , if she have a ice pick she would bury it in she scrawny skull . everyone raise they hand for the next question , yell . beck ( cont 'd ) you have another question , Ms. lerner ? she do not really . she fumble nervously . the press corp 's near mutiny , the fix be in and they know it . omit 60 and 60 a int . robin' magazine office - night 60b Robin and she staff , put they magazine together , watch Jenny on tv as she ask a question . some look from Robin to the set and back , as she be comprehend that she daughter have just move up in the world . jenny ( on tv ) be there a connection between the comet and the recall of american troops from abroad ? beck 's not happy with that question . beck ( on tv ) we fight man and woman be come home because we feel it prudent in light of domestic security concern , to have they available , although I certainly hope we do not need to use they . ( look for next question ) Joy and Robin share a smile , she mother 's daughter . int . jason's apartment - night 60c Jason and Chloe watch Jenny on tv . jenny ( on tv ) Mr. President ! Sir ! one final question ! now they understand why she be behave so strangely at the bar . 61 and 61a 62 40 . omit white house PRESS room - night beck smile , point to she again . now it 's not only Beth , the entire Press Corp 's sharpen they long knife . jenny MSNBC have learn that Secretary Rittenhouse do not leave for the reason you administration announce . be not it true sir , that not everyone in you administration be convinced that the messiah will save we ? beck give Jenny a hard look . beck Secretary Rittenhouse serve this country with full devotion , and resign for personal reason . we have more important thing before we than to consider the petty soap opera of Washington . I promise you , Ms. lerner , and all of you , that in this room and that hearing my voice , that all of we , at some point in the next eight month , will entertain we worst fear and concern . but I promise you , life will go on . we shall prevail . there will be no armageddon ! the question erupt again . beck nod to Jenny , she smile , sit . this part of they deal conclude . beck ( cont 'd ) ( point ) David . reporter exactly when and how be the comet discover ? beck two scientist search the sky find the comet and while racing from they observatory to alert the world , be kill in a car crash . that be thirteen month ago . it take another five month for they papers to be discover . the question erupt again . ( continued ) 61 and 61a 62 62 63 40a . continued : 62 beck ( cont 'd ) Sally ? another reporter Sir , what 's the comet 's name ? beck since Marcus Wolf and he colleague Leo biederman discover the comet we name it for they : Wolf - biederman . biederman house - night 63 Leo and he family watch in they suburban live room . his father , don . mother , ellen . Little sister , jane . don biederman Leo biederman ? they watch in shock . they phone begin to ring . don he mean you do not he ? reporter ( on tv ) how much notice do you give other world leader ? ( continued ) 63 64 41 . continued : 63 ellen shhh ... I be try to listen ! beck we ambassador be give briefing papers this afternoon , and instruct to convey they to they host country . the Russians , with they expertise in nuclear propulsion system , be tell last year . now the doorbell join the phone that 's still ringing . Jane look at all the grow - up not answer either , confuse . hop off the couch , head for the front door . on the tv , President beck conclude the question . beck ( cont 'd ) thank you all . beck step back from the podium , head for the door as reporter continue to shout question . six year old Jane stand beside Leo . jane the front door 's for you . Leo turn away from the set , walk to the still open front door , still in shock . it 's Sarah , breathless . excite . leo I be not dead . sarah Dr. Wolf ? from astronomy club ? leo I think maybe so . Leo look past she to the residential street and a crowd outside . the hotchner be on the lawn behind Sarah . sarah I think it 's neat . nobody on we block ever discover the world be go to end before . leo it 's not go to end . sarah well it 's still really neat . omit 64 65 66 thru 67 67a 42 . white house PRESS room - night 65 it 's clear out , fast . tv rush to stand -up . print phone copy desk . Jenny stand , still at she place in the second row of the now almost empty room . savore it , this moment , everything she 's work for . turn . Beth 's there . do not say anything . turn , and walk away . leave Jenny alone . Jenny want to feel ashamed , or guilty . but she do not . she 's where she 's always want to be . omit 66 thru 67 leo' school auditorium - day 67a everyone be cheer and clap for Leo on stage . Mr. perry 's there moderate . Leo 's parent . the local press be in full force . Sarah 's with she girlfriend . leo it be really just luck , I guess , that I find it . anyone could have . as far as we know , what happen be that Dr. Wolf see the comet in my photograph so he share the discovery with I . then he be kill in that crash and everything get mix up in Washington so the President think I be dead too . kid how do it make you feel have you name on it ? ( continued ) 43 . 67a continued : 67a leo well , I do not want anyone to think that I be try to take something away from Dr. Wolf , because , you know ... I be not . one of Sarah 's friend nudge she , show she a Newsweek : Leo on the cover with he telescope . student be you sorry you find it ? leo no . if I have not take that picture of the comet , and it have not go to Dr. Wolf at the observatory , who know what would have happen ? Sarah lean forward , call out a question . sarah be you scared ? leo I have a history test tomorrow . I be scared of that . appreciative laughter and applause from the student audience and the press . another kid , a smartass show off . harold you know you be go to have sex a lot more now than anyone else in we class . that get a chorus of adolescent hoot and applause . leo really ? perry intercede good - naturedly . perry thanks for you sexual insight Mr. thurman , you can sit down now . but all the attention only spur the kid on . harold famous people always get sex , Mr. perry . that 's one of the main reason it 's good to be famous . more applause , perry smile , harold take a bow to he ador peer . Leo sneak a look out to Sarah . she 's smile back . all this talk about sex . her friend notice , grin . Sarah notice they notice . 68 68a 44 , omit 68 int . military bar - night 68a Simon , tulchinsky , monash , Baker , and partenza be sit at a table in a crowded military bar . the juke box be play . the astronaut be deep in a somewhat drunken huddle . monash be upset . monash Frank gifford be a great football player , but I would bust he ass if he play against I now . partenza I wish I would be to the moon , I respect everyone who go there , but this be not the moon . simon all of he training be for a stable surface , the moon do not have two pound dust particle eject at three hundred foot a second . monash this be not about ego . baker of course it be , it 's all about ego ... but sometimes the ego be right . ' simon and dust particle ... partenza ( drunker than the other ) the moon , the moon , the moon be not spin when he land on it , the moon do not have a fourteen hour rotay ... rotational period , seven hour of sun , seven hour of darkness , it be light all the time when he land on the moon . he could see . we be not go to be able to see . simon you can not see now anyway . tulchinsky do not worry ... ( in Russian ) we can do it . baker what ? 44a . 68a continued : 68a tulchinsky we can do it . and then we hear a familiar Voice . tanner I wake up this morning and I realize that none of you want I here . you do not even really know who I be . I walk on the moon , but I do not belong to you . I belong to you daddy . now , if I ask you to ask you daddy what I mean to they , to explain to you what I be do here , that 's only go to make thing worse . so what do we do ? 44b - 46 . 68a continued : ( 2 ) 68a 69 monash you have not train for this mission . we respect you ... tanner I appreciate that ... monash but you be here ... you be here because the power that be think we need someone familiar on the trip . you be here for public relation . tanner I be here because the power that be know that I be the only one on this mission who have ever land on the moon and I have five hundred landing on aircraft carrier ... monash we have train ... tanner on flight simulator . and this be not a video game , son . leo' house - night 69 Leo 's little sister jane change the channel on the tv . on every station there 's a comet graphic , some in the manner of Chuck Jones , other be Soviet realism , moebius , computer enhance photo of the real thing . this be all that anyone be watch or talk about . she land on a documentary . narrator fifty thousand year ago , a 300000 ton meteor land here in Arizona . jane I want xena ! where 's xena ? the phone 's ringing . ellen answer it . 69 47 . continued : 69 ellen narrator Jane , please , it 's not the tunguska River , siberia , on anymore , in 1908 , tree fall for 30 ( into phone ) mile ... a railroad engineer no ... I do not think 300 mile away have to stop so , he really can not . he train because the track be shaking , and be hot don biederman to the touch . all of this who be it ? cause by a meteor only two hundred foot wide . ellen Primetime live again . Jane change channel to find politically incorrect . bill maher ( on tv ) be the sky really fall ? do we really think the world be come to a end ? and how can we trust Russian nuclear rocket when the Russians can not figure out how to get phone to work in Moscow ? goldthwaite I love the comet ! I want to die ! I want everyone to die ! you know how you hate it when you leave the room and you know everyone be go to talk about you ? that 's one problem that the comet 's go to take care of ! bill maher I think they only say lovely thing about I . goldthwaite . leave the room . change channel again . letterman . david letterman a drum roll . so here it be , tonight 's top ten list : the ten thing you will miss least when the world end . ten , broccoli . nine , Iraq . eight , commercial for grey poupon ... and again : charlie rose ( on tv ) the messiah Mission , too little too late ? not all scientist agree with NASA 's plan for destroy the comet . ( more ) ( continued } 69 70 continued : 47a . ( 2 ) 69 charlie rose ( on tv ) ( cont 'd ) join we tonight be Morton entrekin , from fema , and from the University of Arizona 's interplanetary Sciences Department dr.s gene and carolyn shoemaker -- sarah' house - night 70 Sarah and she folk watch , vicky now pregnant . charlie rose ( on tv ) Mr. entrekin , the shoemaker 's have be critical of the science suggest that this mission be feasible or necessary . during this Sarah get up and walk to the front door . ( continued } 70 71 48. continued : 70 chuck hotchner entrekin ( on tv ) where be you go ? every scientific endeavor have risk gene . sarah out front . gene ( on tv ) the margin of error on the chuck hotchner comet 's trajectory suggest it 's midnight . that it could easily miss we by a tenth of a sarah astronomical unit , that 's I do not think there 's ten million mile . anyone in the world who be not watch entrekin ( on tv ) television . I want to be you suggest we just be the only one who 's wait and pray ? outside . carolyn ( on tv ) the comet be travel at a hundred thousand mile a hour . the messiah have to catch up , hold onto it , set the bomb , and get off . we have never attempt anything remotely this complex in space . leo and sarah' STREET - night 71 Sarah come out of she house . the street be desert , tvs dance in every live room window . a SOUND . wheel on pavement . Leo rollerblade across the street under the streetlight . sarah hi ... Leo stop , smile . watch she approach . leo you be not watch tv ? sarah they just keep say the same thing . she stare above she at the star . sarah ( cont 'd ) it look so peaceful . a beat as he join she stare at the night sky . leo the only reason I join astronomy club be because of you . ( continued ) 49 . 71 continued : 71 sarah really ? leo you like the star and I figure if you like they they must be worth look at . sarah that 's so nice . this be too close for they , too emotional . leo we get invite to the White House . sarah of course . you be a important person now . leo we be go to see the launch with the President . my whole family . sarah that 's so neat . leo yeah . she smile , he can be very disarming . sarah you have change . leo no , I have not . sarah you brace . leo ( he grin , no brace ) I get they off today . they do not know what to say . look up again to the star . 72 omit 72 wolf -biederman interception 9 month 7 day , 4 hour 12 minute . impact 13 month 7 day , 10 hour , 46 minute . 72a ext . hefter's ranch house - day ( old scene 74 ) 72 a a pleasant house near Houston . the backyard be fill with about forty people , the astronaut , there family , include they parent and they child . ( continued ) 49a . 72a continoed : 72a running around be ten or twelve child . the camera track through the cluster of people , and we hear packet of conversation . the mood , fuel by beer and chip , be happy . Music play in the backyard speaker . mikhail tulchinsky be with two very pretty women . pretty woman a nuclear reactor in space ? be not that dangerous ? tulchinsky no , no , no . this be all Russian design , Russian science , the same people who design Chernobyl . he wait for the response he want , horror . tulchinsky ( cont 'd ) well , Chernobyl almost work . and the camera go to : simon and he fiancee , wendy . she 's show off she diamond ring to another group of wive and friend . simon Wendy , I be go to marry you , but the day we get back I can not just go to the church . wendy the church will come to you , Simon . you be all invite . the camera find gus partenza , with andrea baker , and she husband , david , and they toddler , brittany and alicia . David hold the squirming Brittany . david what happen when you set off the bomb ? Baker try to answer , but Brittany squirm away . ( continued ) 72 a continued : partenza a 49b . ( 2 ) 72a baker well , as , long as we plant the bomb ... we have seven hour ... Brittany ! Brittany , come back here ... as long as we plant the bomb and ... Brittany ... nswer for she . partenza we have seven hour to plant the bomb and get off the surface before the sun heat it up . ( continued ) 72 a 50 . continued ( 3 ) 72a we leave they and find monash and he wife mariette . he be seat , she be stand and he be talk to the baby in she very large belly . as he narrate , he follow the curvature of she belly to she breast . monash oren junior ! here be you order : upon you first enter into earth 's atmosphere , proceed directly along the exterior of the mothership to the twin storage tank for refueling . mariette he 's not a rocket-ship ... he 's a baby , oren , you baby , we baby . monash I know . they kiss . Brittany , free again , run past we lead the camera to tanner , talk to he two grow son , dwight and steve . they be both in uniform . tanner when my father go to war in 1942 , he do not see I or you grandmother for three year . I be eight when he leave . you boy be what , four and six when I go to the moon ? ( they nod ) you see I go into space seven time , do not you ? dwight yessir ... tanner and I come back every time , do not I ? ( more ) 51 . 72a continued : ( 4 ) 72a tanner ( cont ' D ) ( they nod ) you mother and I use to play a game when she be still alive . the game be , if there be a chance I might not be come back , she would not say it , and I would not say it . but this time , I want to say it to you . tanner ( cont ' D ) ( a beat ) this time I probably will not be come back . you know that ? son ( quietly ) ... yessir ... the three man stare at each other . do not see Mitch hefter come up behind they . hefter another beer ? tanner thanks . you remember my boy do not you , Mitch ? hefter ( handshake all around ) sure I do ... a little girl snap they picture .- tanner smile , wrap a arm around he two boy . hefter ( cont 'd ) what would you think of the crew ? tanner heroes all . the finest group I have ever have the privilege of serve with . hefter off the record . tanner look to he son , then : tanner they have be train in way I will never understand . : they be smarter and in better shape than we ever be in the old day . they be sober , they be serious . ( more ) ( continued ) 52-52b . 72a continued : ( 5 ) 72a 73 tanner ( cont 'd ) ( look to he son ) I guess I would be a little happier about this whole thing if I think that any of they be as scared as I be . hefter they be not afraid of die , they be afraid of screwing up on tv . two caterer wheel out a immense cake in the shape of the earth . people applaud , the child be dazzle . hefter ( cont 'd ) Fish , would you do the honor ? we see that monash be uncomfortable with tanner get the spotlight . mariette settles he . tanner raise the knife to the cake . a few people with camera be ready to snap the picture . he hesitates . hefter motion with he hand : cut the cake . tanner raise the knife . he can not . tanner be this suppose to be a joke ? cut up the earth , be that suppose to give we good luck ? hefter Fish , do it for the kid . we see how desperately the child want the cake . they have surround tanner . everyone be watch he . he take the knife and use it like a trowel , smear the icing until everything be a swirl . he look to the child . tanner you know what this be ? a kid shake he head , no , very soberly . tanner ( cont 'd ) it 's the comet . and what do we do to comet ? he plunge a hand into the comet , and the child do the same , laugh . hefter give he a look , and the astronaut be unhappy with he sudden mania . tanner see the earth destroy , the coast line wreck . omit 73 ( continued ) 74 75 thru 81 81a 53 . omit wolf-biederman ... interception 8 month 9 day , 6 hour , 1 minute . impact 12 month , 9 day , 12 hour , 35 minute . omit int . white house oval office - night the President , entrekin , aide , Leo , and the biederman , watch the shuttle launch on tv . Jenny 's on a stand - up in front of a large NASA wall mural . jenny ( on tv ) we be now only minute away from the launch of the shuttle atlantis ( more ) ( continued ) 74 75 thru 81 81a 54 . 81a continued : jenny ( on tv ) ( cont 'd ) and the beginning of the historic messiah Mission ... hefter ( vo ) okay , all flight controller , we be at T minus 3 minute and count ... give it a close look . capcom colwell apu 's look good , lox and lh2 be pressurize . a shot of the atlantis on its pad . the President make he way to a glass jar of m& ms and grab a handful . tim ( vo ) who 's voice be we hearing now , Jenny ? jenny ( vo ) Tim , that 's Flight director Mitch hefter , former Gemini and Apollo astronaut ... Leo try to concentrate on the tv but can not help stare at he surroundings , the presidential seal , the desk . beck who 's you book agent , Leo ? leo Sir ? beck you be write a book about this be not you ? leo ( not sure where the leader of the free World and the Commander in Chief be go ) I have a book report due on Tuesday . beck so you be not go to write a book ? leo I do not know . beck what kind of american be you ? you be famous and you do not want to get rich from it ? you will kill the economy . ( continued ) 54a 81a continued : ( 2 ) 81a leo I ... beck I be issue a executive order , Leo ; when the President make a bad joke , would you laugh ? leo ( smile ) yessir . beck ( refer to M&M 's ) Green ? leo Blue . beck everything 's be go to be okay , you know that , do not you ? leo yessir . beck thank you . ( the countdown be past ten ) here we go . assistant flight director Flight , we be go for autosequence . hefter good luck and godspeed , atlantis . cape ( v.0 . ) . Three ... two ... one ... liftoff ! the shuttle lift off the pad in a burst of painfully hot light . the big ship roar above , tear into the night sky . everyone in the room watch , and then applaud . the President put he hand on Leo 's shoulder . 54b-55a 82 omit 82 and and 82a 82a wolf -biederman interception : 8 month , 8 day , 6 hour , 1 minute . impact : 12 month , 8 day , 12 hour , 35 minute . ( continued ) 55b . 82b int . robin' magazine office - night 82b robin well , and what be you do here ? jenny I have be busy , and I have not be pay attention to you . robin I have be busy , too . this be the last issue of the magazine ... jenny no! robin ( lightly mock Jenny 's shock ) yes ! the advertiser be call , up and cancel . why would anyone support a magazine devote to old , expensive , beautiful thing when all the attractive young woman be on television spread panic ? jenny that 's not fair ! the news be good , the mission be go to succeed . robin I stop watch the news . do anything I do have any effect on anything that happen in space ? jenny I mean ... but ... the whole world be watch . robin the whole world minus one . for year I have always be a little ashamed of what I do , worry all day about whether this piece of furniture be real or a fake , or whether that painting be better than this painting . no , now that no one have the time to buy antique , old , beautiful thing , it means that I actually have a sacred purpose . it 's like the Russians who save the old palace when the Germans be come ; they do not have time to cart everything away , so they chop out a bit of the floor and cut away a few foot of ( more ) ( continued ) 82b continued : 55c . 82b robin ( cont 'd ) curtain , and when the war be over they build everything back from the piece . I be save the piece now , keep a record . if the comet do hit , and they want to know what the world look like , they will be look at the work I be do today . jenny mother , listen to I ! the comet be go to be turn away and everyone be go to be so relieved that they will spend money like the world really be come to a end . robin that 's pretty to think so . 83 56 . inside the shuttle 83 hefter ( on com ) you be right on the number , atlantis . on the monitor , a huge docking device fill the view . but tanner 's not watch , he 's stare out the side at something they be pass but we can not see . whistles softly . tanner ... Jesus , that 's big ... partenza and tulchinsky follow he gaze . partenza whoa ...no shit ... baker contact in three meter ...two ...one ... ( a little nudge ) we be here . ( continued ) 85 continued : 57-58a . hefter ( on com ) well do , atlantis ... monash turn around , grin . monash wow . tanner still stare out the porthole . tanner ... sweet mother of God . 84 outside the atlantis we pull away from tanner in the window , out past the shuttle , past the spindly , solar to find -- 85 the messiah panel arm of the Station dock and tethere to the Space Station . it 's massive , a 747 next to the shuttle 's cessna . put the finish touch on 85a omit 85b omit thru 85d worker float in space , its assembly . ( continued ) 83 84 85 85 a 85b thru 85d 86 59 . int . messiah 86 tulchinsky be in the cargo hold , check the load nuke in zero gravity . : monash be on the intercom . monash ( on com ) how we do , mikhail ? tulchinsky nuke prepped and stow . monash ( on com ) let 's get move . tulchinsky grab a handhold , pull himself along the cargo compartment , through the hatch into the live quarter . past the toilet , shower , galley . pull himself into the aft compartment . it 's tight but functional , conduit , switch panel , bundle contain thousand of wire . monash be up front with Baker and Simon . tanner buckle up in back , tulchinsky set himself down with partenza in front of a complex set of monitor and oscillator that bank up to the ceiling . partenza nervous ? ( continued ) 60 . 86 continued : 86 tanner just not use to the back seat . partenza it 's not so bad . View stink . monash turn in he seat , look back at tulchinsky . monash Colonel , let 's see what this baby can do . tulchinsky grin . punch command into he keyboard . partenza hope you be right about this thing work , mikhail . tulchinsky just between you and I ... tanner oh , shit ... tulchinsky orion burn in ten ...nine ... eight ... the rapidly move pattern on the oscillator get closer and closer to a straight line . monash hold onto you hat , boy and girl . tanner it 's not my hat I be worried about . 87 the messiah in space 87 the nuclear reaction explode against the backplate , lighting up the darkness with a tremendous , blinding pulse . the messiah take off like a bat out of hell , catapulted out into space . disappear among the star . 88 virginia park - night 88 snow on the ground . Leo and Sarah look through he telescope . in he eyepiece , the orion pulse . leo there it be ! he step back so she can look . she look . sarah it 's beautiful Leo ... ( continued ) 61 . 88 continued : ( 2 ) 88 now she take he hand . still look . leo what if it do not work ? what if the world end ? sarah the world be not go to end . leo ( delight in torment she ) it could , it could , let 's just say the comet hit ... how do you not want to die ? — sarah you be morbid . leo think about it , maybe the comet be a great way to die . no time to think , squish like a bug . I would rather die like that than by drown . sarah Leo ! leo and even if it do not hit we on the head , even if it land somewhere else , the heat from the comet as it pass through the atmosphere burn up all the forest in the world . sarah I do not want to talk about this , Leo . it make I sad . it make I think about all the thing I will never get a chance to do ... Shakespeare in London and ... hike in Colorado and ... even ... disneyworld , just a nice time with my Mom and dad and ... and love . I will never get any of that now . so just shut up . leo I be sorry . sarah it 's not you fault . ( more ) ( continued ) 88 88a 89 thru 98 99 and 100 101 61a . continued : ( 3 ) sarah ( cont 'd ) we be too young . it 's all wrong now , because I do not have time for you to figure thing out , I do not have three year for you to wake up and know what you feel about I . leo what do you mean ? sarah that 's just it , you have to ask . because you be still just a little kid , part of you . and if the world be come to a end , we do not have time for that . leo what ? sarah ( exasperate ) you love I and I love you and she run away from he . omit omit wolf -biederman interception : 2 day , 14 hour 22 minute . impact : 4 month , 2 day , 4 hour , 22 minute omit cargo BAY tulchinsky , Baker and partenza load aluminum encase bomb into the mole , already mount on the sled . Metal , wire , radioactive warning . it 's demand work with no gravity . monash ( on com ) how 's it come ? ( continued ) 88 88a 89 thru 98 99 and 100 101 101 102 62 . continued : 101 baker inserting the last nuke now . when it click in place , the digital readout blink alive . MSNBC conference room 102 Stuart lead the staff meeting . ira , Worth , Marianne Beth , Tim , Jenny . Jenny sit at the grow - up table , quiet , lose in she own thought . stuart Beth , White House reaction . Marianne , all the world watch . we have enough satellite space ? worth seventy -eight up -link . stuart Tim , Mission Control in Houston . ( Tim look up , surprised ) ira , the science guy line up ? ira if they have get a phd , we own they . stuart this be the most important story of we life . let 's not fuck it up . the end of the meeting , people start out . Jenny look up . jenny ... Stuart ? what about I ? people stop , be she finally go to get she comeuppance ? stuart you be on the anchor desk and do not you ever hold back a story for two day . jenny I be sorry but , the President ... stuart the hell with the President . he have no right make deal with a reporter who have no authority to accept he term . I probably would have hold the story , but that would have be my decision and not yours . and I would have protect you . it be you scoop . you own the story . do not do that again . ( continued ) 62a 102 continued : 102 jenny thank you , Stuart . stuart yeah . okay . 63 . 103 the messiah 103 monash line the messiah up with the tail of the comet , follow a computer path in the cockpit . baker Auto trajectory , two thousand foot , R -dot .3 , 5 X , 2 y ... monash guide it expertly , a high tech video game . baker ( cont 'd ) a thousand foot , point 3 , 3 X , one - point- five y ... ( a beat ) go for auto trajectory . monash reach up , lock it on with a beep . baker ( cont 'd ) we be on ... disengage the orion . tulchinsky orion disengage . you be on chemical propellant . monash look , Fish , I can do this if you want . monash slide out of he seat , let 's tanner slide past . tanner I will keep that in mind . monash go . tanner pull out a decade old shot of a mother and seven year old son , stick it on the console . tanner ( cont 'd ) on the Mississippi River , in Mark twain 's time , there be riverboat pilot who only know a few mile of the river . condition change so much , you could not know the whole trip . flood , sandbar , fall log , it be alla riverboat pilot could do to know he little piece of the puzzle . simon what the hell be he talk about ? ( continued ) 103 104 and 105 105 a 105 B 63a . continued : 103 partenza summer job he have last century . tanner finish strapping himself in . tanner for the next few hour , this be my ship . ( flip toggle ) start the approach . omit 104 and 105 the cargo BAY 105 a the now fully suite astronaut check they gear in buddy group . tulchinsky with partenza . Simon with monash . tulchinsky helmet light . partenza you sublimator look good , Mick . tulchinsky visor down . they test the gold face shield on they helmet . light mount on the side of the helmet click on . tanner ( on com ) disengage auto ...now . I be eyeball out from here on in . monash how come that do not make I feel better ? simon cameras on . in the cockpit 105b Baker check the helmet cam . each monitor mark with a name . we see the cargo bay from the helmet pove . baker okay , we be go live . mikhail , wave for the folk back home . mikhail wave as he float around . tanner Andy , I need you on the laser . she look up , Christ . ahead , a float three dimensional mine field of every imaginable size of rock . tanner nudge one , thud . it 's like play dodge ball with really big , slow rock . ( continued ) 63b-64 . 105b continued : 105b baker my God , look at the size of that thing . it 's as big as a house . 65 . 106 int . MSNBC - night 106 Jenny be walk across the studio with a assistant . assistant you father be on the phone . jenny tell he I be not here . director ( on studio com ) Jenny , forty - five second ... assistant that 's great . you be on live , Jenny . Jenny get into she chair . director ( on studio com ) in ten , nine , eight ... the Assistant go to a phone . 107 jason's apartment night 107 jason thank you . Jason be look at the tv , as the final logo sequence and music of the intro to a MSNBC special report ... then : jenny ( on tv ) tonight we have the first picture from the messiah as it begin its descent to the comet Wolf - biederman ... 108 MSNBC studio 108 the fuzzy helmet cam shot of the astronaut wait in the sled be intercut with the messiah 's approach shot of the comet . Bobby approach Eric in the wing , whisper . bobby how 's she do ? eric okay so far ... 109 biederman live room - night 109 the hotchner and biederman watch MSNBC together . vicky hotchner now very pregnant . Leo and Sarah hold hand . ( continued ) 110 111 112 113 66 . inside the messiah cockpit 110 tanner 's look for a place to land . there 's lightning , float debris . they bang around , the emergency light flicker on , then off . the sun 's just set on the surface below , the outgass only beginning to settle down . tanner use primary thruster . baker Jesus Christ ... she 's scared , they be take quite a beat from the jet . tanner how be we do back there ? on the helmet cam we see the boy bounce around in back , it do not look fun strapped to a sled . like riding a bull . partenza ( on com ) peachy ... comet surface - dusk 111 the messiah approach a small flat zone wedge between a crater and a cliff . the long shadow of the sunset stretch across the rugge landscape below . in the cockpit 112 rock bounce off the windshield and hull . tanner hold on tight . descent rate . the messiah descend over the comet , outgass jet send up stream of fine carbon , obscure the landing site . the banging and chop be get worse . baker Three foot per second ... two ... tanner Fire tether piton . comet surface 113 umbrella shape piton shoot out from the underside of the ship , blast down into the surface . the cable pull taut as winch draw they down to the comet 's surface and onto the spindly landing gear . a high speed surface jet fire , shove the bow port ( front leave ) section of the ship up and yanking the piton up out of the ground , with a SNAP . 67 . 114 in the cockpit 114 the messiah buck up from the force , tilt precariously back . the horizon disappear below . tanner whoa ... tanner 's try to hold it . Baker check frantically . baker tether two , not engage ! 115 outside the messiah 115 it nose up , a horse rear back with three leg tie to the ground . the stern crunch loudly into the surface . 116 in the cockpit 116 the astronaut cling to the sled on the helmet cam . partenza ( on com ) what the fuck be that ? tanner try to hold the nose up as it dip to the right . tanner override on the forward jet . Baker be flipping overhead switch . baker you get them ... we crunch the aft pod . 117 outside the messiah 117 it edge down to the leave front where the tether come loose . it 's a meter from the surface , go to slam hard . a jet fire from the undercarriage . the ship slow but still hit . 118 in the cockpit 118 the bronc rider get toss around some more on the helmet cam as they rock back to the stern again , a tethere teetertotter . tanner Cross -feed aft . I need all the jet . baker cross-feed aft ... pressure 's hold . 119 120 67a . outside the messiah 119 they fire the starboard aft jet . the ship disappear in the ejecta of the comet , steam and carbon dust . slowly level out , the three remain tether finally go . taut . in the cockpit 120 Baker watch the artificial horizon on the instrument array . ( continued ) 120 . 121 122 123 124 125 126 and 127 68. continued : 120 baker she 's leveling out ... in the cargo BAY 121 partenza pretty much like the simulator back at Johnson , huh boy ? monash Son of a bitch do not know what he 's do . in the cockpit 122 tanner still have the stick in a death lock . Baker look shell shocked . Holy shit ... a beat . tanner Houston , this be messiah , we have land . universal CITY walk - night 123 a cheering crowd watch the huge pixel vision screen . a fuzzy , space transmit image of tanner and Baker . tanner ( on tv ) ... we have land ... the biederman' house - night 124 the family cheer , applaud . Sarah hug Leo . ellen oh , thank god ... cockpit 125 tanner and Baker work . lock in computer coordinate . baker depressurize bay . tanner open payload door . do not let that little bit of gravity down there go to you head . omit 126 and 127 128 129 130 131 132 69 . under the messiah - night the huge door open and the astronaut float down . we see what be ahead : the dead terrain of the comet . the sled float a few foot above the shale strewn surface . in the cockpit tanner reach up above he , hit a button . tanner start the clock . a red LED snap on , above it a emboss tag " sunrise " . it 's count down , 6:47:14 ...:13...:12 ... on the surface - night a small blast from the chemical propellant and they fly by with the sled , skim over the surface . partenza look like all you do be dent a fender , Fish . dad 's gonna be mad when we get home . the comet be mostly very old terrain , wear smooth by eon of travel , hilly in place , crater . all size of rock float past they , have to be bat away . the weather be make even stranger by the frequent gas lightning above . graphic head up display be project onto the inside glass of they helmet , indicate the composition of the substrata layer beneath they . in the cockpit a cross -sectional computer image of the comet emerge . tanner and Baker watch as computer image be join by overlay of geological schematics detail fault line and possibility for nuclear warhead placement . the clock count 5:21:39 ... the computer stop , zero in . circle coordinate . omit baker we have get you first location . Range two meter above point Alpha 16 , bear 224 . 128 129 130 131 132 70 . 133 biederman live room - night 133 Jane be sleep in she mother 's lap . all watch Jenny on MSNBC , do vo commentary for the footage from the comet . jenny ( vo on set ) what we be look at now be ... God , be not that a amazing picture ? they be set the mole in place now , and the mole be , well , they be what they sound like . the mole be drilling machine that burrow to a depth of one hundred meter , and then they wait to be detonate . of course the mole in you backyard do not carry 5,000 kiloton warhead . although it feel like they do sometimes , do not it ? 134 on the comet surface - night 134 the mole come to life , the auger head dig slowly into the surface . monash reel out control line . simon ooh , look at that baby dig . monash Fish , tell the guy at jsc they mole work like a charm . simon like butter baby . partenza go get ‘em , boy . 135 messiah cockpit 135 Baker and tanner work at the computer , get the mapp coordinate for the final 2 mole . look unhappy . tanner dammit ... baker Christ , that 's over four mile away . ( continued ) 70a . 135 continued : 135 tanner go to the helmet cam monitor . tanner the computer 's calculate the last two mole , location , guy . Range 4 mile . target one : bear 166 . target two : bear 168 . ( continued ) 71 . 135 continued : ( 2 ) 135 136 137 138 on Simon 's helmet cam we see monash look up . monash ( on monitor ) how long 's that go to take ? tanner at least a hour . there 's a beat . everybody know what that mean . monash ( on monitor ) a hour ? ( dry wasp ) a hour ? darling , that give I no time at all to go home , get dress and be at the theater on time for the curtain . what be we think when we make this reservation ? tanner and Baker look at the clock . 1:49:47 ...:46 ... a SMALL monitor room at jsc 136 monitor , a few sofa , very governmental . the family of the astronaut watch MSNBC , hold each other 's hand . MSNBC have add a sunrise clock on screen , not very comforting . Jenny 's on camera , interview Dr. Van sertma . jenny ( on tv ) what happen if they do not get off of the surface in time ? van sertma ( on tv ) the sun strike the comet will cause the temperature to rise three hundred and fifty degree in only a few minute and activate the high speed gas jet . if that happen it will be like try to work ina mine field . comet surface - night 137 monash and Simon angle the sled to the final location . monash we be on target two , messiah . about twenty yard away 138 partenza and tulchinsky drill at target one . a trail of debris rise out of the hole , shove up by the mole . partenza how 's we time ? 71a . 139 in the messiah 139 the clock . 00:36:34 ...:33 tanner get tight . 36:30 . ( continued ) 72 . 139 continued : 139 baker it 's take too long . 140 on the comet' surface 140 Simon and monash work above they final mole hole . feed out the control line , read the digital depth LED . simon mole 4 run true , at 26 meter . monash Son of a bitch ... simon what ? monash it 's stick . 141 monash and simon 141 monash look down the hole . all he can see be debris . simon try back it up . 142 in the messiah 142 tanner and Baker watch all this on the helmet cam . baker what 's you depth ? monash ( on com ) sixteen meter . tanner that enough ? baker no , it will just blow piece off the surface . tanner that 's not deep enough . monash ( on com ) no shit , thanks for the insight . blow three piton , back the sled off . 143 on the surface 143 Simon release all but one piton , shove the sled away . 73 . 143 continued : 143 partenza mole three at depth . come you way . Simon screw a pitch into the surface , attaches a line to hold he in place . monash be use the mole control line as a tether , they be stir up carbon as they work . monash I be go in . simon the hole ?! monash see if I can free it up . monash go in foot first , use the line as a rope . 144 in the messiah 144 they watch monash 's helmet cam as he descend into the hole . like drop into a small well , he helmet light illuminate the dark , veiny wall close around he . monash how 's my time ? tanner 24:10 . baker another six minute and they will not have time to get back to we . a beat . tanner leap for the pilot 's seat . tanner blow the tether . she realize what he 's think . baker we go get they and we may not have enough fuel to get back off the surface . tanner blow the goddamn tether ! 145 omit 145 146 147 148 149 150 in the cockpit tanner calculate exactly how much prop we need to get off this rock ! shut we down when we hit it . she type into a keyboard . number rush by . baker get it ! outside the messiah 74 a beep . the aft thruster ignite and the ship move away fast . omit in the hole tulchinsky and partenza arrive . monash work he way down to the top of the mole . brace himself against the wall , get he foot on it . monash give it some juice . the mole shimmy a little , shake , but do not move . monash ( cont 'd ) hold up . it stop , monash rock it back and forth with he boot . monash ( cont 'd ) try back it up again . in the messiah Baker 's computer beeps . baker that 's it . tanner Little more , little more ... she look at the fuel usage whizzing by . ( continued ) 146 147 148 149 150 75 . 150 continued : 150 baker shut it down ! tanner they always put extra in the tank ! Baker lean across , shut it down . a beat , tanner know she be right . tanner ( cont 'd ) we have a visual ? across the valley . the yellow sled . baker straight ahead one hundred yard . 151 in the mole hole 151 monash kick and shake the mole , tug up on the feed line . monash ... come on ... you bastard . time ? tanner 11:04 . figure we would better pick you kid up after school . check you six ... 100 yard . 152 on the surface 152 partenza look , see the messiah hover in the distance . notice the sun strike the hilltop on the other side of the valley . check over he shoulder at the come dawn . partenza I think we would better hurry , boy . monash ( on com ) one more time , Mark . 153 in the hole 153 the mole struggle , rumble and then ... begin to dig . monash it 's go ! 154 in the messiah 154 Baker stare at the dawn horizon . baker I do not think they have get 10 minute . the sun be rise between two mountain , it 's go to pour straight down into the valley , right where they be . 155 156 157 158 159 76 . on the surface 155 debris be shoot up from the hole . simon mole 's at forty - two meter . tanner ( on com ) Sun 's rise behind you , come up fast . partenza see the rapidly shrink shadow . they move much faster than earth . everywhere it strike , the surface get unstable . rock fly , jet explode . tulchinsky face shield down ! the three man on the surface down they gold shield . in the hole 156 monash be pummele with debris shoot up from the digging mole . pull himself up the control line as fast as he can . no way he have time for he face shield in this mess . on the surface 157 the sun march closer and closer . now only thirty yard away , jet explode like mortar in the heat . simon mole 's at depth and armed ! on the messiah 158 tanner and Baker watch the sun 's approach with alarm . tanner get the hell out of there ! on the surface 159 partenza scream back into he headset . partenza oren 's still in the hole ! Simon stare into the hole , see the top of monash 's helmet . simon another three meter ! partenza oh , Christ ... the sun be only yard away . ( continued ) 159 160 161 77 . continued : 159 simon oren , come on , go ...go ...! in the hole 160 monash grab the line . pull hard , propelling himself up much too fast , like a missile . shoot out onto the -- surface 161 head straight up into orbit . partenza grab he pass boot and be pull along until partenza 's tether catch . they bob in space , the light gravity slowly bring they back down . monash stare out in shock . partenza get we down ! Simon grab the tether line , pull they back , spin they slowly as they come . partenza look up , realize . partenza ( cont 'd ) oren , you face shield ! monash look down , what ? just as he face rotate full into the blind sun . scream in pain . monash ahhhhhh ... aahhhh ... 1 !!! monash claw at the helmet , try to get to he blind eye . they get he back to the surface , slam he shield down , drag he behind they to the sled . the sun hit they as they flop monash on top , lash he down . the ground begin to boil and steam . monash ( cont 'd ) my eye ...oh god ... my eye ... tulchinsky Gus , come on ! come on ...! it 's only yard around the sled to partenza 's seat but the sunblast surface be crack , exploding . he 's try to cross a jet minefield . tanner ( on com ) get out of there ! partenza dodge one , see a clear spot , step and boom ! a jet explode into he chest . rocketing he up like a human cannonball . tulchinsky Gus ... Gus ...! partenza 's sling - shot out into space hundred of foot . 162 162a 163 164 165 166 167 78 . on the messiah 162 baker we be lose one ! tanner leap to look . partenza 's helmet cam have a quickly diminish view of the comet below . baker ( cont 'd ) he 's get escape velocity . a thousand foot and climb . partenza in space 162a he watch the comet recede . on the surface 163 they be look up , freeze . jet exploding all around . tanner ( on com ) mikhail , Mark , get the hell out of there ! Simon fire the sled and they head for the messiah . in the messiah 164 the sun work its way across the valley , closer and closer to the messiah . tanner Houston , all mole be at depth , nuke hot and ready . we lose partenza to explosive outgass . monash be injure . in the SMALL room at jsc 165 the family stare at the tv , in shook . hold each other . the sun clock now blink 0:00 on the screen . MSNBC studio 166 Jenny and the MSNBC staff watch the messiah picture . under the messiah 167 tulchinsky help load the groaning monash onto a hoist . simon retract hoist one ! monash be pull up into the cargo bay . the sun now fully strike the messiah . rock and jet shoot all over the place . tulchinsky snap onto another hoist . ( continued ) 78a . 167 continued : 167 tulchinsky retract four ! tulchinsky start up . Simon connect himself . ( continued ) 167 168 169 170 170 a 171 79 . continued : ( 2 ) 167 simon retract two ! the hoist start and boom ! a rock slam into Simon 's forearm , hard . send he swinging like a kid on a rope over a river slamming into the underbelly . in the cockpit 168 the hull vibrate from the rock like popping corn . tanner firing primary thruster . baker payload door be still open ! tanner Close they as we go ! baker be oren with you , Simon ? be oren on the ship ? tanner we be go now ! under the messiah 169 the ship fire its thruster . lift up , the man still dangle below . in the cockpit 170 it 's choppy . rock bang . tanner steer as best he can . ext . the messiah 170a the ship fly off . in the cargo BAY 171 the three man be be reele in through the now close door . a final rock explode up through the door , shatter a light . tulchinsky release himself , swing monash over safety . simon I think my arm 's break ... tulchinsky reel Simon in . releases he . t9a . 172 in the cockpit 172 tanner repressurize the cargo bay . baker cargo bay repressurize . tulchinsky come in out of he eva suit . tulchinsky we have to go get Gus . tanner there 's not enough time . tulchinsky he 's go to die out there ! something slam into the underbelly , send they careen off to the leave as tanner wrestle the stick . ( continued ) 80 . 172 continued : 172 tulchinsky ( cont 'd ) we can still find he , he have a beacon ! tanner I do not have time to argue with you . sit down and shut -up . the ship buck and slam through debris . tulchinsky turn it on ! turn on the fuck locator ! baker we barely have enough propellant to get out of the coma ! tulchinsky we can not just leave he . we have to go back . tanner if we go for Gus , we all die ...! 172a int . cargo BAY - continuous 172a monash hear this . tulchinsky ( on com ) we can not just leave he in space . monash tulchinsky , listen to tanner . it 's he ship now . 172b in the cockpit - continuous 172b tulchinsky slowly lower himself into a seat . leans he head back , exhaust , tear run down he face . 173 MSNBC studio 173 it 's very quiet on the set . finally , Jenny : jenny this have be such a indescribable day , have not it ? where do you begin ? the messiah have lift safely off the comet , and so we be cheer for that , but Gus partenza be dead . ( continued ) 173 continued : his photo 80a . 173 appear behind she . jenny ( cont 'd ) he be ... everyone who know he love he . even more than that , they like he . it 's hard to report the news when you be tear between excitement and sadness . I can not even imagine how they feel on the messiah . 174 interior messiah 174 the astronaut be float silently in the live quarter . monash be lie on the table , Baker work on he eye with the mo kit . it 's painful . tanner speak quietly to Baker . tanner bad ? 81 . 174 continued : 174 her look say it all . tanner go back to check Simon . partenza begin to cry softly . 175 robin' house - night 175 Robin watch in silence . 176 universal the crowd jenny ( on tv ) they be go to set off the bomb in thirteen minute , well , less than thirteen now . ( beat , she 's reflect ) we be suppose to see a large increase in the comet 's brightness as dust from the explosion be hit by the ray of the sun . studio CITY walk - day 176 watch Jenny on MSNBC . jenny ( on screen ) ( she 's look off camera ) do we know if that 's go to be visible to the naked eye or only on telescope ? ... we do not know . we do ? oh ... naked eye . you will see the brightness . we will , we will see it together . 177 MSNBC studio 177 on the monitor we see image from around the messiah . tanner ( on tv ) prepare to remove safeties and fire . tulchinsky ( on tv ) safeties remove ... jenny after the death of Dr. Gus partenza and with oren monash injure , ( more ) ( continued ) 177 178 81a-81b . continued : 177 jenny ( cont 'd ) spurgeon tanner be now in command of the mission . biederman home 178 the biederman and hotchner be still watch together . the comet as see from the messiah fill the screen . jenny ( cont ’d ) okay , this be what 's come next : the radiation burst be go to wipe out the transmission from the messiah , just for a minute , maybe a little longer , so do not panic when the picture go out . ( continued ) 179 180 181 182 82 . inside the messtah 179 tanner , Baker and tulchinsky be now up front . tulchinsky weapon armed . tanner look over at partenza 's helmet cam , only space in and out of heavy static . tanner we be detonate the bomb now , Gus . partenza ...okay ... he 's very distant . none of they know what to say . a beat . tanner unlock fire switch . tanner and Baker unlock switch guard , expose red " fire " switch , side by side in the console . tanner ( cont 'd ) Three ... two ... one ... now . the comet 180 Light shoot from the mole hole , then blinding white . MSNBC studio 181 the screen fill with static . tanner 's break up . tanner weapon detonation ... confirm ... 10:04 , Zulu ...time , 24 augu ... , 21.99 , in the messiah 182 debris be hurl from the comet . slam into the messiah , shut down the electrical system . flip they sideways , bursting light and a stern cargo window . alarm sound . baker decompression in area six ! tulchinsky leap up out of he chair , pull himself along the blender that 's now the messiah 's interior , slam against pipe , floor , ceiling . throws himself against the cargo hatch door , try to close it and not be suck out . 183 184 185 186 187 83 . MSNBC studio the static be beginning to clear . jenny now we be just wait for the picture to come back . this be hard . twenty second . slowly , the view of the comet from the messiah return . the comet 's surround with debris , break into two piece , one five time larger than the other . a huge cheer erupt , the staff clap , cry , they hug each other . Beth hold she daughter caitlin . caitlin what happen , mommy ? universal CITY walk - night it 's Times Square on v-j Day , bedlam , joy . on the messiah tulchinsky struggle the last few inch , get the suck hatch door close , the wheel turn . smoke , wire expose , Simon extinguish a small fire . Baker look to partenza 's helmet cam , only static . omit biederman house - night they watch the set , the dust , the two comet in space . hefter ( on tv ) messiah , this be Houston ... messiah can you respond ... everyone be elate , hugging , except for Leo . Sarah hold he , tear run down she face , but he 's still watch the tv , worried . slowly , she realize . sarah - Leo ...? but he do not answer , something 's wrong . 183 184 185 186 187 84-85 . 187a omit 187a 187b white house office - night 187b the room 's cramme full of electronic gear , computer . the President , entrekin , Chairman of the Joint Chiefs scott , other aide and advisor . no one say a word . all be turn toward bekey , a phone to he ear . wait . ivan bekey ( into phone ) ... I be still here listen for a long beat . then hang up , slowly turn to the President . he do not have to say it , they all know . the President stare at he foot , the weight of he job too great today . then finally , quietly : beck you people ready , Morton ? ( entrekin nod ) General ? scott yes , sir . the President nod , head for the brightly light oval Office next door . 187c MSNBC - night 187c Champagne , smile , relieved tear . the President appear on the monitor , he voice cut through the celebration . beck ( on tv ) good evening . he take a long time to say the next thing . the staff quiet , turn to watch . the President 's grim expression slowly suck the joy from the room . ( continued ) 86 . 188 int . white house oval office - night 188 beck you know what just happen . there be one big.comet , and now there be two . and they be both head to earth . 188a MSNBC studio - night 188a we move slowly through the face , then onto the long wall of monitor ; every station carry the speech . beck ( on tv ) let 's call the big one Wolf and the smaller piece , biederman . Wolf be six mile wide , biederman a mile and a half . separately or together , they be capable of destroy life as we know it . wwe have lose communication with the messiah spacecraft although we continue to track it visually . it leave the comet under power and have make course correction under power . the ship be come home . we do not know how many be alive . we do not know they condition . he take a moment . all stare , the word sink in . beck ( on tv ) ( cont 'd ) now we have to make some decision together . what do we do ? you have a choice , we have a choice right now . ever since the comet be discover , we have be hope and work for the best , but we have also be plan for the worst . we strategy have be two -fold . first , we Strategic missile Command be prepare to coordinate with the Russians a massive strike of titan missile to intercept the income comet . if we can deflect this comet only two degree they will bounce harmlessly off of we atmosphere and head out into space ... 188b in the biederman' live room - night 188b they watch the speech . Sarah cling to leo. beck ( on tv ) unfortunately , the titan cannot be launch until the comet be ( more ) ( continued ) 188b continued : 86a . 188b beck ( on tv ) ( cont 'd ) only a few hour away and while we be confident the missile attack will succeed , it be only prudent that we now take cautionary step to insure the continuation of we way of life . to guarantee that there will be enough of we leave to rebuild a new world in the unlikely event that the comet do strike the earth ... 87 . 188c the oval office - night 188c the camera move in slowly on the President . beck so , in the soft limestone of Missouri , we have be prepare a network of immense cave , and they be almost finish , and we can put a million people in they , and that million people can survive there , underground , for two year , until the air clear and the dust settles . the cave be more than a dormitory , it 's we new noah 's ark : we be store seed and seedling , plant and animal , enough to start over . on August 10 , we be go to hold a national lottery ... 188d MSNBC studio - night 188d the face of people watch ; in Times Square , in Chicago , Seattle , Houston and San Francisco . beck ( on tv ) a computer will randomly select eight hundred thousand Americans , to join the two hundred thousand scientist , doctor , engineer , teacher , soldier and artist who have already be choose . other country be prepare similar cave along whatever line they feel be best to preserve they way of life . this be ours . 188e robin' townhouse - night 188e Robin be watch alone . beck ( on tv ) beginning tonight , and continue until the crisis pass , I be declare a state of martial Law . the armed force and the National Guard be work with local law enforcement . a national curfew begin at midnight tonight . wherever you be , go home . stay off the road after sunset . crime against person or property will be deal with swiftly and harshly . 87a . 188f int . MSNBC - night 188f beck ( on tv ) News station around the nation be be fax copy of the lottery procedure as we speak and they will be broadcasting the detail to you in a few moment ... Worth take off run for the fax , ira follow . 87b-87c . 188g int . white house oval office - night 1886 the President take a break and stop read copy . he try to unburden he heart . beck ( on tv ) I ... wish ... no , wishing be the wrong word right now . that 's not what I mean . look ... I believe in God . a lot of you do not . at time like this , it would just be obscene to use faith as a weapon . but I still want to offer a prayer and I have be try to find the right one . so let I offer this . it 'il pray for we survival , mine include , because I believe that God hear all prayer ... but I also believe that sometimes his answer be no. May the Lord lift up his divine countenance upon you , and give you peace . we hear a murmur of amen from the people in the oval Office , or wherever we see this , if on a monitor in MSNBC . 188h MSNBC studio - night 188h the presidential seal 's on the monitor . Jenny 's camera light click on . she look off , all formality go . jenny do we have the fax yet , Stuart ? ( Stuart shake '' no '' ) Worth and ira reappear from the hall , run . Worth carry a sheet of paper overhead , rush it to the anchor desk . Jenny read it as the crowded studio wait , silent . jenny ( cont ’d ) my God ... Stuart , how old be you ? director ( on stage com ) Jenny , in five , four ... stuart fifty-five ... her camera light blink red . she slowly turn to camera . ( continued ) 87d . 188h continued : 188h jenny we now have the detail of the national lottery . ( read ) that of you who have be pre- select for the ark will be notify within the next few minute ... 188i universal CITY walk - night 1881 we move across the stunne face , watch Jenny . jenny ( on tv ) for the rest , on the night of May 14 , that who 's social security number have be randomly select by computer will be notify . all phone system will be turn off for 72 hour beginning on May 13th . the only phone that ring will be that of the people select ... 188j int . robin' townhouse - night 188 ] Robin watch she daughter deliver the news on tv . jenny while some Americans over fifty year of age have be pre-select for the ark due to they expertise in a necessary field of study , no man and woman over fifty in the general population will be include in the lottery ... 188k int . jason's apartment - night 188k Chloe give Jason a look . I do not know about you , but I will survive . jenny ( on tv ) the evacuation of that who have be select for the ark will take no longer than two day beginning on May 18th ... 188l the biederman be - night 188l the phone ring . everyone look . it ring again . ellen ... hello ...? jenny ( on tv ) during this two day period , no unofficial travel will be permit . ( more ) ( continued ) 87e . 188l continued : 188l jenny ( on tv ) ( cont 'd ) that select will be take by bus and train to the underground ark site by military personnel ... ellen hang up slowly , turn back to the room . ellen we have be pre-select . all turn to Leo , they know why . Chuck leap up , rush for the front door . vicky Chuck ...? where be you go ? chuck hotchner we phone ! they could be call ! and he 's go . they look among themselves , they all know the hotchner phone be not ringing across the street . 188m MSNBC studio 188m jenny you be be notify now because there be still time to construct you own shelter in basement and backyard pool . Civil Defense team have be form in every town and city in America with a population over five thousand . they will distribute supplies and organize group shelter in underground parking facility and other appropriate site . construction plan , equipment list and location for secure the necessary provision along with information on how to grow you own food underground and how to purify water be now available free of charge on the Internet at www . fema . com . Jenny stop read . it 's silent . she set the fax down slowly , look directly into camera . jenny ( cont 'd ) that 's all there be . 87f . 189 omit 189 189a inside the messiah ( old scene 198 ) 189a monash strapped down , gauze cover he eye , in pain . tanner and Baker work on the radio , tulchinsky at the orion , Simon pour over schematics , he arm now roughly splint . ( continued ) 88 . 189a continued : 189a tanner the interior camera circuitry be shot . Andy , can we get back into the cargo bay to reroute the video junction ? baker starboard cargo porthole be blow . we could try to get in there with the eva 's but there 's not much leave in the life support pack . simon we should be able to raise Houston on the low band when we get closer . tanner the orion still function ? tulchinsky system check be okay , but I do not know about the radiation shield . tanner so , if we fire it up , we beat the comet back to earth , but we may start glow in the dark . anybody ? a silent beat , then from the corner , hoarsely -- monash let 's go home ... 189b space ( old scene 199 ) 189b the orion fire against the backplate , the messiah pick up tremendous speed , leave the comet behind . 189c omit ( move to 18a ) 189c 189d the ed sullivan theater -- night 189d David letterman on stage , talk to he audience . david letterman the comet be such great set-up for a joke , but the problem be that we be the punchline . so here 's my last top ten list . ten : be grateful to the crew of the messiah for everything they try to do . nine : make peace with you enemy . eight : be strong for the child . Seven : try to help someone you do not know . six : do not get crazy . ( more ) ( continued ) 88a . 189d continued : 189d david letterman ( cont 'd ) five : do not be selfish . four : Love you friend and family . Three : Love you friend and family . two : Love you friend and family . one : Love you friend and family ... slowly , he walk off stage . 189e ext . WASHINGTON park - day 189e Jenny walk with Robin . robin I have to say it 's liberate know that I will not be call . I do not think I have ever be happier . I have even stop smoking . jenny what be you go to do with all of the money you save ? robin do you know that the National Gallery be save all of the art ? they be shipping it to the cave . I give they the most beautiful eighteenth century desk from New England , and all of my Sheraton silver . I really feel like I would protect something when I give they to the museum . you should see my apartment now . after all this year collect , there 's nothing there now , it 's practically japanese . jenny it do not seem fair that I get select . I be not a doctor , ora scientist . robin people need continuity . you be someone everyone know . people trust you . jenny but I can not help you . robin do not worry about I . I be go to be happy as long as I know that you be go to live . have you speak to you father ? ( continued ) 189e continued : they keep 88b 189e jenny ( reflexive anger ) no. robin the world he life in be come to a end , Jenny , you do not want he to die with bitterness in he heart . talk to he . jenny why ? robin ( the answer be come ) when you Father and I be young , I use to think of we as the perfectly match pair : he be the most graceful man in the world , and he always say I be the most beautiful . but this be what the comet have teach I ; that grace be deceptive , and beauty be pass . do not leave all the unfinish stuff of you life to the comet . do not let the comet take away you dignity . you be better than that . walk . 189f int . MSNBC - night 189 F a scientist 's be interview by Tim at the anchor desk . van sertma ( on tv ) it be impossible to say what be happen on the messiah now ! from the telescope orbit the earth , yes , we see evidence that they be use the nuclear propulsion system , but who know what kind of damage it sustained when the comet explode ? the camera find Jenny and Eric watch this from a corner of the studio . they drink a couple of beer . van sertma ( on tv ) ( cont 'd ) the Russians be very pessimistic about this . Radiation contamination , overheate : the orion system be just as likely to blow up as it be to work . tim ( on tv ) that certainly be not good news . ( continued ) 189f continued : there it i 88c . 189 jenny ( amaze at the stupidity of what Tim just say ) " that certainly be not good news ? " . what a genius . van sertma ( on tv ) no one be take seriously the extent of the risk here . tim what do you think the world should be do ? van sertma ( on tv ) I do not know . tim ( to the camera ; time for a commercial ) thank you . now this . eric ( to Jenny ) what do you think the world should be do ? do everyone do what they do not have time to do , or what they be afraid to do ? what happen to everyone 's moral ? jenny moral ? Eric where be you go ... eric in social crisis , there 's a collective unconscious yearn for the disaster everyone pretend to fear ... jenny Eric , why do not you just ask ? eric ask ? what ? what do you want I to ask ? jenny if the world be come to a end , why not just have sex . S. eric no , no , no , Jenny , keep this in the abstract as much as you can . it 's much sexier to be vague . ( more ) ( continued ) 189 F 190 190 a 88d . continued : ( 2 ) 189 F eric ( cont 'd ) the longer we talk about abstract moral , and the weirder the conversation get , the longer and more twisted you sentence , the more I know what you will be like in bed . jenny well , that 's quite a long and twisted sentence you have get there . eric maybe that should tell you something ... they burst out laugh at the absurdity of this conversation . he kiss she . they look at each other and start laugh again . omit 190 wolf biederman impact : 4 week , 2 day , 21 hour , 19 minute leo and sarah' neighborhood - day 190 a Leo ride he bike up the street fast , knapsack sling over one shoulder , stand on the pedal . the neighborhood 's transformed . every driveway have sproute a trick - out suv : brush guard , twin Jerry can , cb whip . Yards have six foot chain link fence , now guard not by neighborhood mutt , but by gnarled junkyard dog . chainsaw fall prize family tree , drop they into the street for firewood . sandbag pile in front of door . Inside open garage , weekend warrior build bulk storage where the buick use to sit . fill the shelf with case of can goods , fifty pound sack of flour , drum of oil . propane storage tank be the new yard ornament of choice . Leo ride he bike up the hotchner driveway , to the garage where Chuck hotchner be carry a drill . Leo come up beside he as they pass Chuck 's dirt bike , stand just inside the garage . leo Mr. hotchner ? chuck hotchner who do I think I be go to be when I buy that bike ? leo well , every kid on the block want one now , and every Mom on the block hate you for it . ( continued ) 88e . 190a continued : 190 a chuck hotchner thank you , Leo , that 's the best news I have have in year . give meat hand . leo yes , sir . they go around to the porch where Chuck take he drill to a steel bar over the window . Sarah 's mother , vicky , nurse the baby on the porch . she have a little portable tv , with a small screen . this play in the background . we may see it or hear it : jenny ( on tv ) nationally , authority report that record number of Americans be take they own life , with more than twelve hundred suicide in the past twenty - four hour alone ... ( riot footage ) it be another day of rioting for building supplies throughout the East . in Florida , a mob attack and kill a Miami rental yard operator who be charge five thousand dollar a hour for backhoe and tractor rental . Marines have to intervene to stop the violence ... a big deere combine plow through green corn . Leo grab the heavy bar go up over the bay window . he 's startle by a big boom ! come from a few door down . leo what be that ? chuck hotchner Bob Smith 's use dynamite to dig a shelter in he backyard . down the block a huge dust mushroom cloud rise behind a ranch house . guess this pass for normal now . Chuck drill the bar into place . ( continued ) 190a continued : 190b omit 190c hilltop - 89 . ( 2 ) 190 a jenny ( on tv ) ( cont 'd ) farmer in the Midwest continue to harvest they crop prematurely , even though Department of Agriculture official be now threaten to impound farmland find to have be harvest early ... ( a beat ) in Arizona , the stand - off between Army ranger and the armageddon doomsday militiamen enter its fifth day ... leo uh ... Mrs. hotchner ... vicky Sarah 's on the hill . 190b day 190c Leo run up to the pretty hilltop . he find Sarah sit under a tree , the city spread out below they ; they see the burn fire , hear the siren , and the gunshot . leo where be you today ? I have be look everywhere for you . how come you be not at school ? sarah my Father say I do not have to go . he say there 's no point . Leo dig two wedding band out of he pocket . leo I have a point . sarah that be wedding ring . leo yeah , I get ‘em from Jeremy lander 's dad , he need a coleman lantern . look at they , don t you get it ? I figure it out . sarah what ? ( continued ) 89a . 190c continued : 190c leo if you marry I , I can get you into the ark . you will be safe . I go to fcda ! they say that if you and I get marry , then you be my family , and I can take you . sarah what about my parent ? they be not you family , I can not leave my parent . leo you do not have to . I be the famous Leo biederman and I have not use my fame for anything , but I get they to bring you family too , because we be go to be marry . she look at he . he 's so young . sarah you be a sophomore in high school . and you be ask I to marry you so I can hide in a cave for two year . leo so you can live . so we can both live . so we can have child . sarah but we be child . really , we be just child . leo marry I , Sarah , please , marry I . it 's the only way you will survive . she study he . he 's change . she understand something . sarah you love I . you know it , now , do not you ? leo yeah . I love you . she lean in , and kiss he . his lip first , then he cheek , he eye , he neck . he kiss she back , still unsure , a boy . and then she slowly begin to unbutton he shirt . if he think she 's come with he , we might see from the way she kiss he that for she , this could be goodbye . 190d thru 195 195 a 195b 195c 195d 195e 89b-94 . omit street of america - night we move into window ... towns and city - night Americans rich and poor wait by they phone . new york CITY - night we hear a phone ring . everyone in the apartment rush . father hello ? yes ... yes , this be he .. a panorama of american window at - night : families by the phone ; all wait . remote farm house some phone ring . some don to ( continued ) 190d thru 195 195 a 195b 195c 195d 195e 195f 196 196a 196b thru 201 95-97 . suburb other phone ring . other do not . omit leo' STREET - night the street 's desert , inside every brightly light window a family wait for they phone to ring . Leo stand on Sarah 's lawn in the dark . Inside she live room bay window , he can see the hotchner wait . they phone be not ringing . omit 195 F 196 196a 196b thru 201 98 . 202 MSNBC anchor desk 202 Jenny at the anchor desk . the dress around the newsroom have become very informal . no more coffee cup and evian , now it 's beer and wine . and everyone , absolutely everyone , smoke . jenny confusion over Civil Defense food distribution erupt into riot again today in Denver , and a number of other city across the country . Film of empty prison . jenny ( cont 'd ) prison guard in California walk away from they job , and release prisoner on they way out . it 's fear this trend will spread nationally . ira stand in the hallway , look through Stuart 's office window . Stuart 's inside in a suit and tie , pack up a few memento , that 's it . Worth stop beside ira , a beat . ( continued ) 202 203 204 205 99 . continued : 202 worth he tell you where 's he go ? ira Home ... worth where 's that ? ira he do not say ... in the studio , Jenny continue . Film of rioting on screen . jenny on the other side of the country , rioting continue for the second day at the lorton reformatory outside Washington , D.C. prisoner there have hear of the inmate release in California , and want to be set free as well . omit 203 the comet 204 continue they journey towards Earth . they be get closer and closer . the sunlight strike they , warming the ice . the long comet trail lengthen . messiah cockpit 205 tanner watch this on the computer monitor . something catch he eye . he 's not sure , make some note , a small sketch . float back into the crew quarter . it 's a mess , hang wire , blacken debris , break equipment . the light be low . Baker , Simon and tulchinsky asleep . tanner grab a foil pack , sit across from monash . tanner squeeze the foil pack into he mouth . he wipe monash 's lip . this be tender . they talk quietly , not to waken anyone else . tanner none of you child bring any real book to read , do you know that ? I bring moby Dick and huckleberry Finn , and Baker and Simon have never read they . I be afraid to ask you . have you ever read melville or twain ? monash I be a child of the movie , Fish . ( continued ) q9a . 205 continued : 205 tanner you get a shitty deal , oren . monash do not worry about I . really ... do not worry about I . ( reach to tanner and bring he closer , so no one can hear ) y'know , all my life ... you know what it 's like for guy like we , you and I , we be the same ... be the best ... be the best . I gotta wife . I 'ma father . I see little flash of light , and color , I go to sleep and dream , but there 's a part of I which be always awake now , so I ... I get to see myself dream . I be see thing differently . ( pause ) how come they call you Fish ? tanner spurgeon , sturgeon , Fish . that take about fifteen minute of my first day at annapolis . monash you boy go there ? tanner yeah . good man . both of they . I do not see they as much as I use to when Mary be alive , she be always better at keep the family together . monash sense tanner 's unhappiness . monash you do not have to talk about it . tanner you be marry , you know what it 's like . every marriage have its good year and bad ... we end on a great one . anyway ... let 's get start . ( continued ) 99ob . 205 continued ( 2 ) 205 monash on what ? tanner pull out a copy of moby Dick . we can fade out on this . tanner you have a child at home , a boy or girl , and that child need a daddy who know about book , so here we go , moby Dick , chapter one . " call I ishmael . some year ago never mind how long precisely have little or no money in my purse , and nothing particular to interest I on the shore , I think I would sail about a little and see the watery part of the world ... " 100 . montage : 205a int . robin' townhousenight 205 a 205 B on Robin 's tv : Jenny , then video footage of looters . jenny ( on tv ) in Columbus , Ohio looter continue to set fire to abandon store . the fire have be leave to burn since many firefighter be no longer report for work . closet : beautiful dress . Robin 's hand in frame take out one dress , then another , then put they back and take out a beautiful antique robe . on a make - up table : make -up , lipstick , perfume . Robin 's hand pick up the lipstick . jenny ( 0.s. ) throughout Latin America 's major city , business district have be abandon to looting gang . military patrol have not succeed in stop the violence , and food and medical shortage in outly area have become critical . emergency airlift hate be rule out as too dangerous . ext . leo and sarah' hilltop - night 205 B a torch . people climb a hill . more torch . Leo with he parent . Sarah with she family . robin' townhouse - continuous jewelry case : a collection of beautiful piece , earring , ring , necklace , a locket . Robin hold up different earring . she choose something beautiful . she try on ring , put ring on a few finger of each hand . she put on a heart shape locket . jenny ( 0.s. ) more street fight in Moscow as food and fuel shortage continue . one observer at the U.S. embassy describe the scene as pure anarchy . a group of Moscow official charter a helicopter to get out of the city , but when angry rioter hear about it they shot the chopper down . no one survive the crash . ( continued ) 100a . 205b continued : 205 B leo and sarah' hilltop - continuous in the light : Leo and Sarah be bring to each other . a clergyman be there . Sarah be beautiful , flower be in she hair . Leo be in a suit that 's too small for he . the clergyman . his Bible . jenny ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) in Europe , rioting continue as the eeu general evacuation plan have fall apart due to continue disagreement among participant . ( more ) ( continued ) 100b . 205b continued : ( 2 ) jenny ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) meanwhile , because the national health service in many of this country have stop provide service , hospital have become armed encampment to keep from be over - run by angry citizen . ( a beat ) refugee camp , like this one near Syria , continue to form along national border as nation after nation refuse passage to that seek safer ground before the missile hit . the ring . Don have the ring . Parents be cry . clergyman to love .. , cherish .. , so help ... jenny ( 0.s. ) the government in Mexico have outlaw the private use of gasoline and diesel fuel after a round of severe price- gouging . in Mexico City , resident be flee to higher ground on foot . several thousand people be trample when police try to re-route the crowd from main street lead out of the city . robin' townhouse continuous the tv be turn off . live room : for the first time in the sequence , we see Robin in full frame . she put on music . she light the candle in the live room . leo and sarah' hilltop continuous clergyman till death do you part ? leo I do . robin' townhouse continuous the room be beautiful , she be right when she tell Jenny that this be one of the most beautiful room in the world . ( continued ) 205 B 206 thru 209 100c . continued : ( 3 ) 205 B she sit down and pour a old red wine into a large glass . she be in a chair beside a photograph of Jenny and Jason , when Jenny be a child , on the beach . leo and sarah' hilltop continuous cleryman do you ... Sarah ... sarah I do . Leo kiss Sarah . robin' townhouse - continuous Robin drink she wine and close she eye . she be at peace . omit 206 thru 209 210 thru 216 217 101 . omit a army bus - night make it 's way slowly down Leo 's block , more fortress than transportation . Inside , the haunt , pass face of the already choose . on top , soldier . the biederman and hotchner be on the sidewalk , suitcase beside they . other family stand sullenly on they lawn . the bus stop , soldier pour out of the bus in full battle gear , form a perimeter . it 's precise , frightening . a young lieutenant with a clipboard jog over . lieutenant biederman ? don biederman that 's we . lieutenant id 's please . a small line ; ellen , Jane , Don , Leo and Sarah , the hotchner . he check id , shine he flashlight in they face . send they to the bus . Don carry two suitcase . lieutenant ( cont 'd ) only one suitcase . don biederman it 's we family photo , keepsake . lieutenant only one suitcase be go , sir . I do not care which one . Don look to he wife , stricken . Leo set he bag down . ( continued ) 210 thru 216 217 102 217 continued : 217 leo I do not need my stuff , dad. ( show he id ) this be my wife , Sarah . here 's we notarize marriage license . the Lieutenant take it , read . nod toward the bus . lieutenant ...okay . get on . Leo and Sarah smile at each other . start for the bus . the Lieutenant signal to he man . lieutenant ( cont 'd ) that 's it , let 's go . they close in behind Leo and Sarah . Leo turn , the hotchner 's have be leave behind . leo the hotchner be come , too . the Lieutenant turn he small flashlight back on , study the list . there 's a long , torturous wait . lieutenant h..0..t.. c0 ...? leo h..n..e..r lieutenant not here . he start off again . Leo stop he again . leo they have to be there ! fcda [ ficda ] send they name to the White House ! lieutenant they be not there . leo check again ... please ! the Lieutenant 's get annoyed , look again . a beat . lieutenant they be not on the list . ( to he man ) let 's go ...! leo they be here ! they have to be ! ( more ) ( continued ) 217 102a . continued : ( 2 ) 217 leo ( cont 'd ) ( to the hotchner ) I put you on the list , they say you be on the list . Sarah , I put they on the list ! chuck hotchner ( it hit he ) we be not on the list . vicky but ... you say ... chuck hotchner we be not on the list ... vicky but Sarah , and the baby ... leo Sarah can come . vicky tell they the baby be yours ... tell they the baby be yours . leo ( to the Lieutenant ) this be we baby ... lieutenant oh , come on ... I can not do that ! vicky what do we do ? sarah ( help I , please ... ) mommy ... daddy ... I do not want to leave you ... Don biederman be behind Leo . don Leo , just grab she , get she inside ! Leo and Don hold onto Sarah , she pull back . sarah I can not ! chuck hotchner Sarah ... Sarah ... you have to go . he try to push she onto the bus . ( continued ) 217 continued : 102b ( 3 ) 217 lieutenant come or stay , girl ... this bus be move out ! leo I be not go without you ! sarah I can not leave my family ! vicky Sarah ! get on the bus . sarah I do not want to leave you ! chuck hotchner you do not know what you be do , Sarah ... leo listen to they ! you will die if you stay here , you know that ! ( continued ) 103 . 217 continued : ( 4 ) 217 sarah ( resolute ) if I die , I will live on in you , in you memory . tear run down Leo 's face . she lean in , kiss he . sarah ( cont 'd ) if you love I . you will go ... the bus start . she stare into he eye . sarah ( cont 'd ) please ... Leo back slowly away from Sarah , anguish . she nod , encourage he to keep walk . he 's to the bus door Don push he up on board . the Lieutenant climb on . the bus door close . it pull away . ( continued ) 217 217a 103a . continued : ( 3 ) 217 Leo rush to the back window , stare out at Sarah , he hand smashed against the glass , as if to touch she . she wave , she mother sob in she father 's arm . and Leo 's go . MSNBC studio - day 217a Jenny 's Assistant take we through the now sparsely populate MSNBC . only a few desk be occupy , most have go to be with they family . she knock on Stuart 's old office door , now Worth 's . he have not do anything to personalize it . Jenny have she foot up , Eric 's there , ira . they be watch footage of the interior of the ark ona monitor . assistant Jenny ... jenny here I be . assistant it 's for you . it 's the coroner 's office . everyone be quiet now . Jenny take the phone . jenny ( apprehensive ) this be Jenny lerner. ( listen ) yes. yes. Robin lerner . yes . my mother . sixty-one . yes ... that be she address , yes ... what time ? everyone be watch she . she 's cry while she talk . jenny ( cont 'd ) I will be right there . thank you . thank you very much . thank you . she hang up the phone . everyone in the room know that something awful just happen . Jenny walk out . 104 . 217b omit 217b 217c int . morgue - night 217c 217d Jenny and a clerk at a counter where she collect Robin 's thing , the ring , necklace , and earring she put on before she die . everything fit in a manila envelope . clerk sign here . and sign here . jenny that 's it ? clerk you will need to make arrangement . the funeral home have not be very responsive in the last few week . everyone 's wait to see what happen . Jenny can not talk . she go outside . ext . morgue - night 217d in the rain . cab pass by . there 's one that 's free . it stop for she . she 's about to get in when she father pull up in he car and open he window . jason Jenny ! come with I . Jenny whip open he passenger door . jason ( cont 'd ) come with I . jenny you be too late , I already take care of it . jason Jenny , get in the car . ( continued ) 104a -106 . 217d continued : 217d jason ( cont 'd ) it be not my fault . jenny I do not give a shit , go tell Chloe . jason she leave to be with she parent , they be scared . she will come back , I hope . jenny you deserve it . you deserve to be alone ! he get out of he car . jason no , no , I do not . get in the car . jenny do not you dare get out of that car . Jason reach to she , but she pull she hand away and the bag she be hold open up , spilling jewelry . Jason get out of the car , he chase the locket , but Jenny grab it . jenny ( cont 'd ) do not touch it ! it 's mine . now he 's soaking in the rain , too . jason well . so. I be sorry for you . jenny I feel like a orphan . she get in the cab and leave Jason in the rain . ( continued ) 107 . 218 omit 218 219 leo' bus - night 219 220 Leo and he family be on the crowded bus . Leo stare out the window , lose , empty . outside , soldier try to hold back a mob jam the entrance the bus can force it 's way through a set of heavily armed gate between tall fence top with razor wire . the whole area 's light up like Monday night football . section leader welcome to the ark . I be the section leader for Orange 254 . remember that , that 's what we be go to be call home for the next two year . please gather you thing and follow I to the orientation gallery . they file off the bus . Leo step down into the -- limestone cliff staging area - night 220 people everywhere , heavily armed soldier , truck , gunshot , chopper come and go . animal be unload from railroad box car not just cattle and sheep ; lama , pandas , tiger , peacock , ostrich . noah 's ark . ( continued ) 220 108 . continued : 220 huge pile of pallete grain be move by forklift , large wooden crate move past mark " National Gallery " and " Library of Congress " . a PA system boom : PA system ( vo ) please proceed in a orderly fashion to the orientation gallery for medical examination and inoculation . please proceed in a orderly fashion ... they do as they be tell , frighten , confuse . no more in control of what 's happen to they than the cattle be herde beside they . section leader there be a million people live here . two hundred food service center . you will be eat freeze dry bean and vegetable , and fish stick , a lot of fish stick ... ahead , massive door open into the cliff . the dark tunnel 's uninvite , ominous . Leo stop . his father realize . don biederman Leo ...? leo I be not come . a beat . Jane and ellen turn back . leo ( cont 'd ) I have to go back for Sarah . ( continued ) 109 . 220 continued : ( 2 ) 220 ellen Leo , come with we right now . leo I be go back for she , we be go to make it . ellen we be fifteen hundred mile from home . don it 's beyond everyone 's control . leo she 's my wife . jane please do not go . leo I will see you again . I will see all of you again . Don pull out money , and he pull off he watch and he ring . ellen what be you do ? do not let he go . don he will need something for trade . and take this ... he give Leo he swiss Army knife . don ( cont 'd ) I be sorry you childhood be steal from you like this . Leo hug they all and begin to back up . leo Mom , janie ... I love you ... his little sister wave softly . Leo turn away , walk fast , not dare to look back . disappear into the crowd . 221 thru 232 233 109a . omit richmond - day from a helicopter we fly into the city center , past abandon car and loot store , there 's trash everywhere , on the street , stack in vacant lot , find civil defense worker shepherd a crowd into a underground parking garage . wolf biederman impact : 1 week , 3 day , 6 hour , 47 minute they remind you of nothing so much as refugee ; push shopping cart overflow with they belonging , walk beside they overload car pioneer head west . and finally , we find Sarah , carry she baby sister . vicky drive they stuff to the ceiling astro minivan , she father pull a cart load with mattress . they follow the crowd down into the parking garage , past a distribution area manned by CD volunteer hand out blanket , crate of freeze dry food , ensure . vicky pull the van into the first vacant spot . other family be already set up camp . sarah ... Home sweet home ... I will start unload the van . hand the baby to she mother . vicky look to Chuck bleakly . vicky oh god ... Chuck wrap a arm around she , hug she . 221 thru 232 233 109b . 233a int . MSNBC - day . 233a Jenny be on the newsroom floor , talk to Worth . jenny they be work completely by press release now . I do not feel like a reporter anymore . worth what about entrekin ? ira be come over . jenny he have not take my call in two week . ira Jenny . jenny yeah ? ira you Father be here . and there 's Jason . jenny Excuse I . and she go to he . jenny ( cont 'd ) hello , Jason . jason I can not stay long , I be leave the city , but I want to show you something . I want to show you that you be not a orphan . I have proof that you be not a orphan . look . he take a few photograph out of he jacket pocket . this be picture of Jason and Jenny when Jenny be a baby . this be picture of Jenny and Jason on the beach , at a beach house . this be not snapshot , they be black and white , beautifully expose and print ; a great camera , a good photographer . jenny where 's Mom ? jason behind the camera . ( continued ) 233a continued : 109c . 233a jenny she take this picture ? jason yes . she be a artist . you do not remember when they be take ? jenny I be five year old here . how would I remember that ? jason I do not know . Jenny be deeply move by the picture , but she can not show she father how much they mean to she . jenny how come I never see they ? jason you would have to ask you mother . we be alone on the beach . she would have be in the picture , but there be no one else to hold the camera . it be a good day for all of we . ( a beat while Jenny study they ) Goodbye , Jenny . and he turn , and walk away . and he 's g jenny Goodbye . one . 234 235 110 . omit 234 inside the messtah 235 tanner be study the comet on the monitor , make more note , tap into the computer . head into the main cabin . tanner could I bother everyone for a minute ? tanner bring up the comet on the cabin computer . tanner ( cont 'd ) take a look at the big one . ( point ) the outgass at perihelion have create a vent a half mile wide and at least two mile deep . comet get closer to sun , sun melt ice , ice turn to steam , we get a big hole . ( ... s80 ? ) how many nuke we have leave in back , mikhail ? tulchinsky four. tanner if we can get the remain bomb in that vent there should not be anything leave of that comet bigger than a suitcase . we can not do anything about the little one , but it might give they a chance . Baker realize what he 's talk about , holy shit . ( continued ) 141 . 235 continued : 235 tanner ( cont 'd ) without the arming code , we will have to wait to set the bomb timer until we get close enough to earth to raise Houston . tulchinsky look to tanner . do not get it . tulchinsky we may not have enough life support leave in the evas to get back into the cargo bay for the nuke , much less to work down on the comet . simon and we sure as hell do not have enough propellant leave in the messiah to maneuver much . how do we get back off the surface once we be down ? monash we do not . Simon and tulchinsky look at the other , realize . simon to get the nuke into the vent ... tanner we have to put they there . tanner show they he sketch , arc and ellipse , the messiah go into the vent . there 's a long beat . tulchinsky so , if we fail , we will never know , and if it work , we will never know ? tanner nod . another long moment . finally : baker look at the bright side , we will all get-high school name after we . a moment of silence . ( continued ) 235 continued : he bring they pass 236 omit thru 244 ( 2 ) baker ( cont 'd ) I have to admit something . I feel despair . monash yep . I too , despair , over here . other despair ... uh huh . tulchinsky well , I be Russian , despair in Russia be already a improvement over normal feeling . and in Russia , for such feeling . I ... well ... we have a cure . out a bottle of vodka . Water in monash drink and drive , Commander ? what do you think ? tanner we could hit something . the bottle . 111a-115 . 235 the desert . 236 thru 244 ( continued ) 245 246 247 248 248a 248b 116 . omit eastbound truck - night Leo 's in the back of a stake bed truck . it 's dark , cold . the truck 's fill with man , woman , child . Leo look up into the crystal clear night sky . the comet be white hot point of light with long vapor trail , the image from medieval manuscript . he smile , close he eye . outside the richmond parking garage - night Sarah fill sandbag with other member of the underground garage tribe . slowly , she look up . the comet . Leo . she close she eye . whisper quietly ... sarah I love you , Leo ... in the back of the truck - night Leo 's face still turn to the sky , eye close . the truck pull away underneath we , disappear up the dark road . vandenberg afb - dawn brilliantly light titan sit on they launch pad , ready to go . suddenly , rocket ignite . roar off into space . baikonaur - CIS - night we be look straight down at a close missile door . the door slide open , revealing a titan below . we crane down as the huge metal hole in the desert floor begin to belch white exhaust . the titan launch . 245 246 247 248 248 248 248c 248d 248e 248f 2486 116a . cape canaveral - day peaceful , calm . mile of uninterrupted horizon abruptly pierce by more titan , roaring up out of the sea . inside the messiah the radar begin to beep a warning . Baker swing to it . tanner we be not alone . baker titan ? tanner that would be my bet . simon peashooter . monash at least they be try . space the comet from the point of view of the missile . and from the missile Pov the comet be immense , and from this angle we finally understand the futility of what be about to happen . one by one the tiny missile strike the surface . pebbles smash into two very large pond . MSNBC - night across the monitor , the face of people watch ; in Beijing , and nairobi , London and Rio . Eric , Beth , caitlin , Worth , Stuart , ira , Marianne , Bobby . on Jenny 's monitor , a graphic representation of the missile strike the comet surface . jenny here 's what you be look at : all the titan have hit they target , but we still do not know if they have make a difference . Comets have to travel for awhile before the radar tracking station can see if they have be push to a safe course that will bypass the earth . so , one more time , we have to wait . 248c 248d 248e 248f 248g 117 . 248 white house - night 249 entrekin , the President , and bekey . beck you be sure ? ivan bekey plus or minus a few hundred mile . the President nod , cross the hallway and into - 250 oval office 250 the camera already in place . he head for he desk . 251 richmond parking garage - night 251 the camera track through the underground village to find Sarah and she family watch with everyone else on the communal tv . beck sit behind he desk in the oval Office . take a moment . beck ( on tv ) the titan missile have fail . the comet be still head for earth and there 's nothing we can do to stop they . 251a int . MSNBC - night 251a people gasp , cry , try to hold back they emotion . beck ( on tv ) we have now be able to calculate the comet ' final trajectory and we have determine where they be go to strike . so this be it . if the world do go on , it will not go on for everyone . ( take a moment ) the smaller of the two comet , biederman , will hit first . 252 in the back of the eastbound truck - night 252 the truck 's stop , everyone crowded around a tiny portable set get crappy reception . Leo stand to one side . beck ( on tv ) somewhere in Eastern Canada , probably in the water off the coast of nova scotia . in just under twelve hour at 4:35 pm , Eastern daylight time . ( more ) ( continued ) 252 253 254 117a . continued : 252 beck ( on tv ) ( cont 'd ) ( sudden impatience ) can we get a map ? can somebody get I a map right now ? in the oval office - night 253 entrekin and bekey grab a big office globe from over by the fireplace . haul it on camera . beck the impact of the comet be go to be disastrous . there will be a very large tidal wave move quickly through the Atlantic Ocean . it will be 1200 foot high travel at eleven hundred mile a hour faster than the speed of sound ... MSNBC newsroom - night 254 everyone stand around watch ; terrify . Eric move to the anchor desk , take Jenny 's hand . ( continued ) 118 . 254 continued : 254 beck ( on tv ) as the wave reach shallow water , it 's go to slow down , but the wave height , depend on the depth of the shelf off the coast , will be anywhere from a half mile to two mile high . where the land be flat , the wave will wash inland six hundred to seven hundred mile . 254a omit 254a 255 richmond parking garage - night 255 beck the wave will hit New York City forty minute after impact . Boston , Atlanta , Philadelphia , Washington , all will be destroy ... if you have any mean of get away from the path of this wave , leave now . they do not have to be tell twice , everybody be get the hell out of the garage , and fast . Sarah and she family leap into the astro minivan . people scream , run , a few small child be leave cry . the tv still on . beck ( on tv ) ( cont 'd ) the larger comet , Wolf , will be far more catastrophic . it will strike land in western Canada three hour after biederman . within a week , the sky will be dark with dust from the impact and they will stay dark for two year . all plant life will be dead within four week , animal life within a few month . 256 int . the oval office - night 256 the President continue , look directly into camera . beck good luck . 257 257a 257b 257c 118a . the eastbound truck dawn 257 the truck 's turn around to head west . everyone 's jump back on frantically , except Leo who 's stand in the road . the last few people hop on or be drag up by other . the truck complete its turn . a large hispanic man lean out , offer Leo he hand . hispanic man come on ...! but Leo do not move . the people in the back of the truck stare at he . the truck barrel off west . Leo turn , begin to run east , toward the lighten horizon . inside the messiah 257a Simon 's under the radio panel , work with he one good hand on a jumble of wire . other wire now criss - cross the ceiling of the cabin in a crazy tennis racket grid of color . through the crack windshield , the Earth . simon try that ... tanner I be get something . jsc comm room - day 257b a single guy sit in the cramme comm room , watch MSNBC on a small set . hear a scratchy sound . sit up . what ? tanner houston...is ... messiah . Houston , this ... the messiah ... NASA guy messiah , this be Houston , go ahead ... another man stick he head in from the hallway . NASA guy ( cont 'd ) get hefter , quick ! messiah cockpit 257c the astronaut let off a whoop , elate to be back on line . hefter Nice of you to call messiah , we be start to wonder what the hell you be do up there . tanner motion for everyone to shut up . ( continued ) 118b . 257c continued : 257c tanner admire the view , Houston . hefter Fish , that you ? tanner yep . sorry we do not have time to talk Houston , we need the arming code for the last four nuke . hefter what the hell for ? tanner Mitch , we can do , or we can teach , what 's you pleasure ? 257d jsc comm room 257d more and m wolf biede ore NASA folk jam into the room . hefter get the arming code ! get the goddamn code ! rman impact : 19 hour 12 minute 22 second 119 . 258 MSNBC conference room - day 258 Worth 's run a mini meeting , it 's somber , quiet , a circle . beer and wine container litter the table , everyone smoke . a few young , staffer , Jenny , Eric , Beth with caitlin , ira , Tim , Bobby , Marianne . worth we have one helicopter . it hold seven people . we can ferry six people to high ground in West Virginia and take Jenny to the ark . they look around , there be thirteen of they , not count Jenny and Eric . they be not all go to make it . Worth reach behind he for coffee stirrer , count out thirteen , break the end off six . everyone watch , it 's very quiet . worth ( cont 'd ) short stick go . tim I always think it be , " woman and child first . '' worth if you pick short , you can give up you seat . he offer he hand slowly around the room . each person pick a straw . one at a time . Marianne 's first , a long straw . a short one for the next man , he smile . Bobby pick a long one . ira , long . short. Long . Tim , short . long. Long . a woman begin to cry . short . Eric have to choose . he look to Jenny . he choose a straw . short . he take Jenny 's hand . now , it 's just Beth and worth . two stick . one long and one short . Beth look at Worth , at caitlin beside she . take a deep breath . pick one . it 's long . Worth open he hand , the one remain stick , short . there 's a long silent beat . jenny oh my God , Beth ... what be you go to do ? beth there 's always the road . I will be all right . ira ( make the best of a worst situation ) well ... i... I be go to learn french . ( continued ) 258 259 119a . continued : 258 Beth get up and leave . they all watch she go . worth all right , let 's get move ! wolf biederman impact : 6 hour 54 minute 37 second space 259 Wolf and biederman tumble towards Earth . 260 thru 261 262 120 . omit messiah crew quarter tanner , Baker and tulchinsky be work on the last bomb . part float around , tool . Simon 's at the comm board . monash be strapped to he seat . simon the code transfer be go too slow , I can not get a clear signal . tanner they will come or they will not , worry about it will not help . tanner struggle to detach the nuke from its cumbersome mole mount capsule . he 's whistling . Baker look down at he . among the other . baker be you whistling ? tanner yep ... Baker grin , shake he head . baker you be happy be not you , Fish ...? tanner do not answer for moment , then : tanner during the middle age , a swedish knight , return home from the crusade , get catch by the plague . the angel of death come to take he away , he be on a beach and there be no place to hide . Baker and Simon trade look , here he go again . tanner ( cont 'd ) death say , " it 's time to go . " the knight take a look at he and say , " I have hear you be a chess player . " death say , " that 's true . " the knight say , " death , why do not we play a game of chess ? as long as I hold you off , you do not claim my soul . and if I win , I live forever . " death smile and say , " let 's play . " ( continued ) 260 thru 261 262 262 263 264 265 121-121a . continued : 262 tanner get the nuke out , take it to the table where Simon 's fashioned strap out of scrap to hold the nuke in place . tanner ( cont 'd ) the knight hold he off for a long time , until one day , the knight stop in a church for confession . and in the dark of that confessional , he tell the priest about the chess game , and how death have overlook a move , and how he , the knight , be just one jump away from a checkmate . and the priest pull back the screen , and it be death himself . the knight have give away he game . everyone 's listen now , lose in they own emotion . tanner ( cont 'd ) there be no chance to recover . he be go to lose . the knight go outside , and he look at he hand , and he could see the blood still flow in he vein , and he say , " there it be , I be still alive , and I , antonius block - that be he name - I , antonius block , be play chess with death ! " tanner finish screwing the final nuke in place , slip on a control lead , the nuke LED 's blink on . he smile . tanner ( cont 'd ) it 's be a hell of game . freeway - day 263 a freeway sign : " richmond beach 6 mile . " the camera boom down to find bumper to bumper traffic on both side of the road head west . Cars be honking , radios be on , temper flare . News chopper overhead . we move down to find Leo , on a bike head the opposite direction -- east , into town . hotchner van - day 264 Sarah and she family in the red astro minivan , stick in horrible traffic . Sarah sneak a look up front , on the digital speedometer : 4 mile a hour . Chuck see he daughter look . they be in trouble . and they know it . omit 265 ( continued ) 266 267 268 269 122 . space the comet ' Pov : Earth fill the horizon . omit leo' neighborhood - day the street 's desert , weed choke lawn , trash be pile up everywhere , break window , door rip off hinge . Leo pedal up the street , hard . pass abandon car , dog roam free eat garbage . dump the bike on Sarah 's dead lawn , rush into -- sarah' house - day the front door bar have be pried off , wood hang from the jam . it 's oddly quiet , family photo miss , leave blow around , the place have be loot . ( continued ) 266 267 268 269 269 270 271 thru 273 274 123. continued : 269 leo Sarah ! Sarah ...! no answer , he 's near panic . leo ( cont 'd ) sarah ... back on the STREET - day 270 a metal toolsh door rattle in the breeze . a front door slap back and forth . leo Sarah ...! a cat scoot across the street . a car wreck sit under the streetlight . he check both car for key , nothing . run along the house , all desert .- nobody . leo ( cont 'd ) hello ! hello ...! nothing . just the empty street . leo ( cont 'd ) sarah . ..?! it 's get creepy now , Leo 's spook . he run up to he own garage , pull the partially destroy garage door up . the garage have be loot , too . Old toy strewn around , doll , baby clothing . but sit against the wall , still chain in place . his dad 's dirt bike , its heavy duty chain and massive lock still in there , show the evidence of several attempt to break it . Leo dig among the scattered paint can . find the right one . the key still in they hide place . unlock it . climb on , turn it over with a roar . fly down the driveway and out into the street , barely hang on . omit 271 thru 273 the messiah 274 the astronaut watch biederman enter the atmosphere . ( continued ) 274 275 275a 275b thru 275d 275e 124 . the messiah 274 tanner we ready ? everyone 's strapped in , tanner and Baker up front with Simon . tulchinsky and monash next to the nuke . all nod . tanner ( cont 'd ) Houston , this be messiah . we be ready to begin we run . we family there yet ? hefter ( on com ) they be on they way , messiah . good luck . Kenny take the yoke , begin a turn . tanner disengage autopath . here we go ... space 275 the messiah sling shot around the Earth , head for the massive Wolf . we swing back to biederman 's view of the earth as it approach the atmosphere and begin to heat up . scream past a satellite , start to glow . the freeway - day 275a Leo roar along the shoulder , up and down the grass embankment try to miss abandon car . surfing the sea of slow move traffic . search for the astrovan . omit 275b thru 275d int . MSNBC - day 275e Jenny and Eric be run through the building . they have to cross the studio . Jenny run to she desk . eric what be you do ? ( continued ) 124a . 275e continued : 275e jenny I have to get something . she grab the envelope she Father give she . eric Jenny ! let 's go ! she run with he . they pass the day care center . there be Beth and caitlin , play . Jenny stop . jenny ( surprised ) Beth ! eric Jenny ! he 's already at the door to the roof . the other be push past he . when the door open we can hear the noise of the helicopter on the roof . eric ( cont 'd ) Jenny ! we have to go ! beth the road be so crowded , it be obvious that we be not go to make it . if the wave be go to come , I think , well , she like it here . it 's the fifteenth floor who know , maybe we will be alright . jenny caitlin . come here . caitlin come to she . Jenny pick she up . beth say goodbye to Jenny , caitlin . eric Jenny ! there 's no time leave ! jenny let ' 's go . beth where ? Jenny start run with caitlin . caitlin drop she doll . jenny let 's go . they all start run up the stair together . 124b . 275f omit 275 F 275g ext . MSNBC rooftop - day 2756 they come to the roof . a helicopter be wait for they , and another chopper have just leave . the sky be fill with helicopter and small plane , all head west . eric we be go to make it , we be go to make it , let 's go , let 's go , now , now , now ... beth where be you go with my caitlin ? Jenny seem to have a aura around she , something be hold she back from the fear and tension that everyone else be show on they face . she 's actually calm . jenny you be take caitlin and you be take my seat . beth why ? a few people be already in the chopper . jenny get inside ! Beth rush in . jenny ( cont 'd ) caitlin , I love you . Jenny hand caitlin to she mother . Eric be about to get on . eric what be you do ? the Pilot look doubtfully at the number of people he 's suppose to carry . pilot that 's too many . eric we can make it . jenny I be not go . Goodbye , Eric . eric what ? ( continued ) 124c-125 275g continued : 2756 275h 2751 beth thank you , thank you , thank you . pilot we gotta go ! and he start to lift off . eric no ! jenny Goodbye , Eric . Eric be hold Jenny 's hand as the helicopter rise . eric but I love you . Jenny hear this , and smile . she kiss he hand . jenny next time ! eric next time ! and then they hand separate , and the helicopter fly off the roof , and join the swarm of plane go west . omit 275h ext . road - day 2751 we be look east on the freeway , at the mile of car , fill both side of the road and all head west . they be stop , or move at a mile a hour . we be on the westbound lane , look at the back of a sign over the freeway . we cross to the eastbound lane and a sign say beach ... we continue across the highway and over the embankment to a access road , where one car be head towards the water . we find the driver : Jenny . ( continued ) 125a . 276 the freeway - day 276 Leo on he motorbike , wear a helmet , through the traffic . Cars everywhere , impossible to get through . a astrovan ... he go up to it : the wrong family . another astrovan ... the wrong people . Leo drive up onto the center median . other motorcyclist be use the same road . he pass the hotchner family . vicky see he . inside the van vicky see Leo . chuck hotchner look ... Sarah ... look ... Sarah and Chuck see Leo . sarah Leo ! she throw herself over she Father to hit the horn . but all the car be honk . on leo Leo be ahead of the hotchner . on sarah she get out of the car and climb up on the roof . sarah ( cont 'd ) leo ! leo biederman ! leo ! Leo do not hear she . on leo ( from he rear view mirror ) a girl on a van . back to scene he stop . he turn around . he see Sarah . she be off the van , and run to he through the stop traffic . he ride back to she . ( continued ) 125b . 276 continued : 276 they kiss . vicky , carry the baby , and Chuck , be out of the van , come to they . chuck hotchner you do not have any time , you have to go now . vicky here ... she give Sarah the baby . sarah Mom ... vicky make a life . leo I will take care of they , I promise ... chuck hotchner I know you will . go , please go ... Sarah nod , cry . leap on the back of he bike . vicky we love you , we always love you , now get out of here , now , now , now . go ! Leo and Sarah , hold the baby , get on the motorbike , and get out of there as fast as they can , leave Chuck and vicky on the road . 276a 277 thru 278b 279 126 . ext . sky - day the comet 's Pov , low in the atmosphere , streaking over the earth . omit freeway - day Chuck and vicky hotchner lean against they stop van . he have he arm around she . she let he hold she . he look up ... everyone be look up , she look up ... there 's the comet . chuck hotchner biederman . people get out of they car , slowly . we boom up , to see mile of jamme road , all traffic have stop as a million people make peace with the end of they life . 276 277 thru 278b 279 280 281 281a thru 285 285a 285b and 285c 286 127 . omit 280 country road - day 281 Leo and Sarah roar off the freeway , fly past a endless line of car crawl slowly into the green hill . Sarah see the comet first . sarah oh no ... streak overhead . Leo yell over the noise of the bike . leo Fifteen minute after it hit we will feel the shock wave ! hold on ...! he lay on the gas , Sarah hold onto Leo and the baby for dear life . omit 281a thru 285 new york CITY - day 285 a Stuart walk calmly along the street in a suit and tie . people run past , car jammed bumper to bumper in the street , honking , try desperately to get out of the city . but Stuart 's calm , relaxed . find a -- curbside Starbucks coffee cart , umbrella , it 's desert . make himself a cup of espresso . the portable tv on the cart now only static . grab a New York Times from a abandon news stand . the NY tabloid hang from it 's side scream " comet to CITY : drop dead ! " and " the fat lady sing ! " , the Times simply state , " Wolf , biederman Impact imminent " and in smaller type , " scientist disagree on extent of destruction " . he walk through the chaos and out into Washington Square among the pigeon . sit on the step near the arch , set he coffee to one side , light a cigarette , open he paper . omit 285b and 285c ext . cape hatteras - day 286 the comet be come to ground . Forest and field on shore ignite , the ocean boil as the comet splashes into the sea a few mile off the coast . the white hot tip of the comet break the surface . the hole in the ocean begin to spread . merges with the earth , and from above , the circle of the impact spread . on shore , the earth ripples away in harmony with the water . and then the shock wave catch up with the fire , blowing they out as it knock the forest flat . ( continued ) 286 287 287a 288 289 290 thru 290d 290e 128 . continued : 286 Farms and town be throw into the air , then road and car shocked into vapor by the impact . the ocean wave begin to form , towering above . we're moving fast ... down the East Coast ... faster than the speed of sound ... city collapse , forest , bridge . everything in its path . omit 287 virginia countryside - day 287a Jenny drive down the desert country road , head east , when suddenly the ground ripples towards she , as if the highway be a rug and God be shaking out the dust . tree fall , telephone pole SNAP . the car fly over the sudden three foot speed bump . slam back to the road , with a metal grinding thump , Jenny keep go . country road - day 288 Leo and Sarah . the rippling earth catch up to they from behind , move fast . Sarah see , scream to Leo . sarah oh God ...! it catch they . the motorcycle jump , bounce up over the roll ground . they land hard , Leo struggle to keep the bike upright , Sarah clutching the bundle baby . ocean - day 289 the wave be a thousand foot high and move across the ocean in a line that stretch past the horizon . oil rig be simply swallow whole . omit 290 thru 290d ext . old beach colony - day 290e Jenny arrive at the beach colony , with beautiful weathered old ramshackle cottage behind fence on the dune . she have the photograph that Jason give she at MSNBC . she have find the cottage in the background . ahead of she , through a break in the house , a path to the sea . a dog bark . the bird wheel overhead . she walk to the sand . she take off she shoe . she 's carry a bag and she fling it away . no more than a hundred or so people be on the beach , family , old people , child , and dog . a little girl have a cockatiel in a birdcage . she let it go . the bird fly away . there 's a boy in a wheelchair . his parent set he on the sand , near the water 's edge . couple be kissing , family be hugging each other . a man alone play frisbee with he black lab . ( continued ) 128a . 290e continued : 290e someone be play the guitar . there 's Jason , stand alone , look out at the sea . he come to she . jason Jenny ... jenny when I be eleven , I steal money from you wallet . jason when you be a baby , I drop you on you head . jenny when you come to the studio , and you show I the picture , I lie when I tell you that I do not remember . I be so mad at you , because I remember everything . I remember the day , it be a perfect happy day . we be right over here ... we be all alone on the beach , and Mom be really upset because she would leave she tripod in the house . I be here because I want you to know . they walk to the water 's edge . jason thank you . I miss she , too . Jenny stare at she Father . jason ( cont 'd ) I wish I could make up all that lose time for you . jenny ( no irony , she mean this ) we have the rest of we life . and then a terrible sound , not the wave , something else : the sky be fill with squawking sea bird fly inland , a dense cloud of gull , tern , and pelican . everyone on the beach begin to join hand in a line at the water 's edge , gently , without the need to talk . the dog run away from they , away from the water . and then the sea before they be sucked away in a massive rip tide , expose fish and a old wreck . something foam on the horizon . here it come . imagine the Santa monica mountain roll toward you , faster than the speed of sound . ( continued ) 128b . 290e continued : ( 2 ) 290 Jenny grab she father . jenny ( cont 'd ) daddeeee ! Father hold daughter . the sound be deafening . and they be go . 290f omit 290f 129a . 290g omit 290g ( continued ) 291 291a 292 292a 292b 292c 292d 292e 292f 292G 130 . freeway - day the wave sweep down the freeway , gather thousand of car in its foam . the hotchner wait , hold each other . vicky look up at she husband , smile . and they disappear as the tidal wave suck up fifty thousand car . omit ext . new york harbor - day two F - 16' scream into view , towards the Manhattan skyline . they close in on the statue of LIBERTY . they veer off in opposite direction as the giant wave enter frame and the sky start to darken . ext . manhattan skyline - day the wave sweep over lower Manhattan , around and between and over the twin tower of the World Trade Center . ext . lower manhattan - day it tear through soho . ext . time square - day from Times Square , you can see it come up Broadway and seventh Avenue . WASHINGTON square - day the rush crowd around Stuart , stop . climb out of they car , look eastward . a tremendous noise . Stuart look up from he paper . take a final deep drag of he cigarette , and he 's go . ext . chrysler build - day look up at the Chrysler building we see a ocean liner toss by the wave into the skyscraper 's top floor . ext . empire state build - day from above : look down at the Empire State Building as the wave surge through mid-town . ext . new york underwater - day from below : as the statue of Liberty float face down above the drown city . 291 291 292 192a 292b 292c 292d 292e 292f 292G 130a . 292h ext . world trade CENTER - day 292h 293 294 from the surface of the water : the wave have pass , leave one tower of the World Trade Center lean against the other , water drain from the shattered window . omit 293 virginia hill - day 294 Leo and Sarah roar over a hill to see a mountain road rise above , traffic jammed all the way up . sedan have try to negotiate the shoulder and get stick . there 's nowhere to go . Leo idle for a moment . look around desperately , Steve mcqueen in the great escape . behind they , in the far distance , something be coming . he revs the engine . leo hold on ! fly off into the brush , look for a trail , anything . the bush and branch slap at they face , scratch and tear . a deer trail . not much but they will take it . it 's steep , not mean for motorcycle . the wrong move and they will fly off into the wood . dirt sail off the tire as they skid and slam over branch and decompose leave . they come around a bend , a huge tree down ahead . Leo brake to try to stop , but the bike skid underneath they . they go down . Leo and Sarah fall , sliding behind it . ( continued ) 294 295 296 297 298 298a 131 . continued : 294 the cycle smashes into the tree , slam up and over it ina twist somersault of metal and paint . and suddenly , it 's silent . Leo sit up , clothes tear , cover in mud and dirt . crawl back to Sarah . leo ( cont 'd ) Sarah ...? Sarah ...?! she 's a few foot behind he , face scrapped , more concerned about the baby still strapped to she chest . sarah I think he 's okay ... crying like hell , but alright . Leo pull she up . leo we have to keep go , can you run ? she nod . he drag she behind he over the tree , the bike a mangle mess , the back wheel still spin . the wave - day 295 it cover the countryside , the crest of the beast eat everything in its way , devour entire state . forest - day 296 Leo and Sarah run . people behind they , above they . the wave - day 297 it reach the base of the hill . a immense force , the water pile up on the mountain as easily as water ina bathtub surge over the side if you give it a push . ext space 298 the United States coastline have change . cape cod be go . - New York City and Long Island . no chesapeake Bay . no carolinas or Florida . the ocean reach inland from the White Mountains of New Hampshire to the poconos , to the Blue Ridge Mountains and the appalachian . int messiah 298a the bomb be strapped to the cabin table , they led blink 0:00: 20 . ready to be start . baker we be at perigee . Wolf contact in three minute , forty - five second . Wolf dead ahead , head for earth . ( continued ) 132 . 298a continued : 298a tanner we will never be closer to home then we be right now . they watch the earth below they . hefter ( on com ) messiah , we have get some people down here who want to talk to you ... 299 mountain road - day 299 Leo and Sarah crash out of the wood onto the road , out of breath . hear the thing behind they . look back -- White foam , deafening noise , plane overhead . people run out of the forest , the water rise behind they , roaring up out of the wood . the Atlantic Ocean now two hundred mile west of where it be this morning . 300 johnson space CENTER - day 300 the family of the astronaut , monitor set up in front of they , Simon 's scratchy image . his fiancee , Wendy , cry . simon ( on monitor ) Wendy , if you let this ruin you life , I be go to come back to haunt you . wendy please , come back and haunt I . 301 on the messiah 301 it 's Baker 's turn , she husband and two daughter . baker take care of daddy for I , okay ? ( the little girl nod ) David , you know what I want to say . david baker ( on monitor ) I know . 302 johnson space CENTER - day 302 next up be tulchinsky . he start in English , switch to Russian and then a simultaneous translator take over . tulchinsky ( on monitor ) I be in love with three woman in my life . you know who you be . ( in Russian , translate ) I be stupid , I could not decide . ( more ) ( continued ) 302 303 304 133 . continued : 302 tulchinsky ( on monitor ) ( cont 'd ) each of you be beautiful and unique and I do not want to give that up . but I love you , do not ever doubt that , I love you all ... mountain road - day 303 Leo and Sarah be try to make it to higher ground but the wave crest over the road . catch they . leo Sarah ! sarah Leo ! lift they up as they be carry by the water , turned and tossed , rolled and bumped together . the messiah 304 Wolf loom very large , dead ahead . tulchinsky help monash get in place for the camera . Baker 's count down . baker Wolf contact in two minute , thirty second . hefter 's face appear in the Houston monitor , distress . hefter ( on monitor ) oren , mariette be up at you folk place in Utah , we send a plane for she , but she be not here yet . the other 's watch monash 's face . the clock 's down to 2:14 . hefter and Fish , you son be both on active duty , we could not get they back here in time . I be sorry . we try . spurgeon , I be wrong . you be the best man for the job . tanner nod , not surprised . tanner Mitch ? I want to say good - bye to Mary . I want to tell she I love she , and that , ever since we have be apart , every day , I think about she . ( then ) I be come home , Mary . ( continued ) 304 305 306 307 308 309 134 . continued : 304 baker come up on target 126 mile , rdot .3 , 1 degree X , 15 degree yous tanner look away from the monitor , take the control . baker ( cont 'd ) 115 mile , .3 , 2 degree X , 13 yous space 305 Wolf roll slowly , the vent clearly ahead of they . the messiah head into the mass of coma and rock . johnson space CENTER - day 306 mariette , with the baby , run into the building , military escort struggle to keep up . mariette wait ...oh god ... wait ...! wolf 307 the comet be near the earth 's atmosphere . the messiah 308 they be banging around , the worst , downhill four - wheel drive off road experience you can imagine . tanner try to hold it on target . baker 76 mile . Wolf impact in forty - five second ... mariette ( on monitor ) oren ?... oren , be you there ?! monash turn to he wife 's voice . her picture break up as they fight they way through the dense coma . monash mariette ? I be here , I can hear you . johnson space CENTER - day 309 the terrifyingly jumpy interior of the ship and monash on the static fill monitor . mariette hold up they child . mariette baby ... this be you father . ( continued ) 309 134a-134b . continued : 309 monash mariette ! mariette his name be oren , I name he after you . oren JR . dadda ! honash oren . oren Jr. hold up to the camera a rocket toy he have be clutching . ( continued ) 310 135 . the messiah 310 we see the image of the baby and the rocket on the messiah 's monitor . monash what happen ? oren JR . look ! simon ( help out monash ) he 's hold up a little rocket . monash oh , what a powerful rocket you have . the baby coo and giggle . simon he 's laugh . monash I can hear he . mariette ... baker in 40 mile ... 25 second ... she keep count . tanner yell back to tulchinsky . tanner prepare to synchronize the nuke . monash ... I be hugging you both right now ... I be hold you ... mariette we be hold you ! tulchinsky have a makeshift button , wire run from it to the nuke . 0:00:20 freeze on they led . baker + 23...22...21 ... 20 ... tulchinsky hit the button and the nuke begin to count down in perfect unison ... 19 ...18 ... baker ( cont 'd ) it 's be a pleasure serve with you , Commander . tanner do not take he eye off the vent . ( continued ) 135a . 310 continued : 310 tanner the honor 's all mine , Andy ... mariette we love you , oren ... 311 johnson space CENTER - day 311 mariette 's cry , hell , everybody 's cry . monash 's face , he hand touch the camera . and then , he 's go . the monitor suddenly fill with static . the baby lean forward try to touch the screen , mystify . baby ...dada ...? 312 313 136 . the comet and the messiah 312 Wolf begin heating up as the messiah roar into the vent , swallow whole : nothing . do not it work ? and then , a blinding light shoot out ... and boom . everything go white . the hillside 313 Leo and Sarah sit up in the middle of the flood road . the water drain away as the wave recede . Sarah still have the crying baby in she arm . leo ...look ... the sky : overhead , far away , Wolf and a brilliant light follow by a massive roll wave of thunder that shake the earth . they walk to the edge of the road , look out over the valley , the ocean slowly recede below . sarah it 's go away . and then all the piece from the explosion begin hitting the atmosphere . the great meteor shower in history , firework in the day brighter than at night . the entire sky fill with color and light , streaking , burning . Leo can not speak . Sarah hold Leo , the baby . the baby stare at the sky , the ocean , mesmerize . begins to laugh ... the end