deep cover written by Michael tolkin and Henry bean Story by Michael tolkin shoot draft ext . cleveland STREET - night ( 1970 ) rain . Christmas light . a rusted out ' 56 lincoln rattles down the bleak boulevard . in it : joe steven , a angry , black man in he late 20' , beside he he 10 - year - old son , joe JR . Joe Jr. stare out the window at pass : board building , whore with raincoat over they head try to flag down a john , a black Santa , a knot of drinker . break the silence : joe steven you mother okay ? joe JR . yes , sir . they stop at a light . Joe Stevens try to furtively snort a little something . he spot Joe Jr. watch . joe steven ( firm , without irony ) do not you do this shit , boy . do not you ever fuckin ' touch it , you hear I ? Joe Jr. stare , silent ; Joe Jr. 's about to hit he . joe steven ( continue ) you hear I , goddam it ? the boy nod . satisfied , Joe sr. draw in the stuff . it make he feel good , strong , worried and determine all at once . joe steven ( continue ; charge up ) what do you want for Christmas ? joe JR . I do not know . joe steven ( light change ; he accelerate ) you do not know ?? you gotta know what you want , boy , if you ever expect to get it . a sudden charm to he bravado . Joe Jr. smile uncertainly . Joe sr. grin back , pull up in front of a liquor store . joe steven ( continue ) wait here . this will not take a minute . Joe Jr. do not notice or do not remark that he father , just before enter the store , draw a handgun from beneath he coat . the boy gaze dreamily at the street . the lunatic Black Santa march by , ranting to himself ( " then the white man say ... " ) . the rain hammer on the roof and windshield . Joe Jr. breathes on the glass , fogging the scene . from the store : muffled gunfire . Joe Jr. look that way . another gunshot , then : his father come out the door clutching money in one hand . he stride toward the car with a reckless pride . he do not notice : the liquor store door open behind he . a shotgun blast . Joe Stevens ' gut splatter onto the car windshield . a look of terrible amazement ; he sink to he knee . joe jr. daddy !! he jump from the car , kneel by he father . the store owner ( 47 , slavic ) drag the gun toward they , bleed profusely . store owner ( enraged , almost to tear ) fuckin ' nigger ... fuckin ' nigger ... joe steven look at the money in he hand : two 20' , two 5's . joe steven fifty buck ... fifty goddam buck . ( look up at he son ) I be sorry ... he stuff the blood - soak bill in the boy 's shirt pocket and die . Joe Jr. look up at ... the store owner bloody , nearly unconscious , he aim the shotgun at the boy who be too frighten to move . joe jr. please , mister ... the man die on he foot . as he fall backward , he pull the trigger , the blast shatter the car window . cop car squeal up . uniform cop leap out , gun draw , survey the scene . then one notice Joe Jr. , stare motionless at he father and the store owner , dead together . on he eye : dissolve to : that same eye -- but older , harder , colder . they be concentrate on a paper before he . title : 17 year later closeup - the minnesota multiphasic personality inventory hundred of true / false question ... 1 . ) I have never indulge in any unusual sexual practice . ( t/f ) 2 . ) I have often feel that stranger be look at I critically . ( t/f ) 3 . ) when I be young I occasionally steal thing . ( t/f ) Joe Stevens mark this true , false , false then come to : 4 . ) a person 's station in life be at least partially determine by he race . ( t/f ) we be : int . a room - day thirty -seven Black Cleveland police officer ( many in uniform , include Joe ) be take the MMPI . some roll they eye at the question . some try to copy answer . other , like Joe , work with rapid concentration . but he get stick on # 4 . Marks it false . erase it . Marks it true . erase that . ponder . go on to : # 5 . at time I hear so well it bother I . ( t/f ) he mark that true . int . interview room - day gerald carver , 36 , a ambitious government lawyer with a relaxed , vaguely hip manner , look over the file of the ingratiate black officer sit across the desk from he . carver Officer leland ? you know the difference between a black man and nigger ? leland be startle , insulted , but do not want to blow the interview . he smile weakly , shake he head no . carver ( continue ; pleasant smile ) yeah , most nigger do not . stung , leland try to laugh . carver put he file aside , pick up another . carver ( continue ) Nice to meet you . int . same - another interview a second black officer be powerfully build , politically conscious , take no shit . carver 's leaf through he file . carver so , Winston , what 's the difference between a black man and a nigger ? Winston be out of he chair before the question be finish , drag carver by the shirt front halfway across the desk and hiss into he face : winston who the fuck do you think you be talk to ? carver smile cheerfully past Winston 's cocked fist . carver thanks for come in . nonpluss by this cool dismissal , Winston stalk out . carver pick up the next file , unfaze . int . same - another interview Joe Stevens watch carver read he file and wait for a answer . when none be forthcoming , carver glance up , find Stevens look right back at he . steven the nigger 's the one who fall for you bullshit . he say it pleasantly , without belligerence . carver smile : he 's find he man . he offer he hand . carver Gerald carver , United States District Attorney . call I Gerry . int . a darkened room - day / night on a tv screen : a grainy black - and - white tape , date and time stamp at the bottom . a grungy street , palm tree . the light from the monitor dimly illuminate carver and Stevens . on screen the camera find : a man in jeans , sneaker and sweatshirt on a street corner . steven he ought to be wear a sign . carver you can tell he 's a cop ? Stevens laugh : it 's obvious . a real drug dealer join the cop . undercover cop : " you get it ? " dealer : " in the motel , right over here ... " the cop 's uneasy , keep glance back toward the camera as they go . steven he keep look for he back -up . now , the other guy know it , too . carver then why 's he take he to the room ? steven ( why else ? ) to rip he off . carver study Stevens in the darkness , impressed . on screen : the figure disappear into the motel . we hear they voice . dealer : " here , try some of it . " undercover cop : " uhh ... no , I do not ... " dealer : " why not , you sonofabitch ? " two burst of SOUND distortion . a plainclothes cop , taft , ( black , stocky , powerful ) bolt from behind the camera , sprint toward the motel . the camera wobble after he . steven ( continue ) too late . on screen : the camera ( jerky , hand - hold ) near the open motel door . taft be bent over the undercover cop 's body . taft oh , Bobby ... Jesus , Jesus ... ( to the camera ) get a ambulance -- and back up . now ! he slam the wall , start past the camera . carver push the pause button ; the tape freeze on a jerky image of taft 's face . steven ( focuss on taft ) who be he ? carver Charles taft . lapd narcotics . steven he 's a good cop . carver he 's a great cop . two [ name citation ] and a [ another citation ] . as tough as they come and twice as honest . carver watch Stevens watch taft , smile at something . steven but the cop be not get it do here , be they ? gotta try something new ... he open a manila envelope , dump the content on the desk : driver 's license , social security card , high school transcript , prison record ... all in the name of William G. Hull . no photo . steven ( continue ) who 's John Hull ? carver you be . if you want to be . ( off Stevens ) most undercover guy do not know what they be do because it 's a day gig . ( indicate dead cop on tv ) I need somebody who go under and stay there ; six month , a year , five year ... steven what do he have to do ? carver buy drug . sell drug . feed I information . steven he 's a snitch . carver he 's a drug dealer . a criminal . a scumbag . but for the right side . ( beat ) I want you to come to Los Angeles on loan to the justice Department as a federal agent . you experience there will be credit toward you seniority here . and you will come back to Cleveland a p3 or higher . steven ( uncomfortable ) I can not do that . I have get a wife and kid . carver you be separate from you wife , she 's fill for divorce . you see you kid every other weekend . Stevens take a breath : this be awkward to explain . steven ( almost a confession ) all my life I have stay away from that stuff . I have never touch drug . carver ( tolerant ) come on , a little grass ...? steven not grass . not nothing . I never even have a drink . ( he motto ) never have , never will . you do not understand . I make a choice in my life . carver what 's to understand ? you see you father kill when you be ten , and you decide you would not be like that . ( off Stevens ' surprise , carver grin ) I be God , I know everything . you want to be a good boy , so you become a cop . hiding out in uniform ... that 's why you get the hard - on for taft . steven it 's not that simple . carver ( open Joe 's file ; as if reluctantly ) I will tell the truth , Joe . you be never go to be a taft . steven I do not believe that . but he do . carver ( look at MMPI result ) you ever take a look at you psychological profile ? you score almost like a criminal . ( read ) " resent authority ... " steven I do not . carver " ... exaggerated moral standard , but with no underlying value system . " look at the anger , the repress violence , it 's almost off the scale ... steven let I see that ... carver hand he the score which be , of course , just cluster of number . Stevens be upset , though oddly unsurprise , as if this only confirm he secret fear . carver why would you join the force ? steven ( awkward , but feel ) I want to be of use . carver well , now you can be . you will not be taft , but maybe you will be something more ... interesting . ( sit back ) there 's a man name Ramon gallego who supplies 60 % of the cocaine to the West Coast . he 's smart , smooth , and sufficiently elusive that we do not even have a adult photograph of he . however , he uncle be hector guzman , a important Latin american political figure . gallego use uncle 's connection to get product into the country , and everyone we have send after he have end up like that ... indicate dead body on tv . steven why would I be different ? carver you already be , that 's the point ... ( indicate file , test score ) you have get the ability and the personality to go underground and blend in completely . that 's what the other could not . some part of they show . that 's why they be dead . see , there 's only one rule in this game . Stevens raise he eyebrow : what ? carver ( continue ) do not blow you cover . ext . working CLASS cleveland neighborhood - day Stevens park outside a small , well - maintain house . as he get out , he spot a group of kide ( black and Hispanic ) play down the street . he 's not pleased about that . steven ( call to they ) Joe -j , carmen ... a boy , 7 , and a girl , 5 , ( both light - skinned ) run to he shouting , " daddy , " jump into he arm , compete for attention , as if they have not see he in age . steven what be you do with that kid ? joe - J &amp ; carmen play ... steven ( displease ) you mom let you play with they ? joe - J &amp ; carmen yes , sir ... yes , sir . his strictness have already sober they enthusiasm . sense this , he attempt to embrace they which he can do only awkwardly . meanwhile , he wife , terry ( Southern white ) have come out the screen door . she and Stevens bristle at each other . steven I think we talk about this . the older brother up there 's get a sheet with -- terry Lay off it . they be just kid ... both be ready to fight , but restrain themselves . a big polynesian , tito come out the door . tito hey , Joe . steven tito ... a moment of surprise , then he get it . he look to Terry . she give a little shrug , refuse to be embarrassed . int . kitchen - five minute later Stevens be try to seem interested in carmen 's little drawing . steven they be real nice , honey . be that a horse ? carmen ( exasperate ) daddy ! it 's a bunny ... she put she arm around he . carmen ( continue ) I do not want you to go away , daddy . steven it 's my work . I have get to . over she shoulder he see Terry sit with a subdued Joe - J. her face seem to say , " see , I tell you ... " avoid this accusation , Stevens notice a bruise on carmen 's arm . steven ( continue ) what happen to you there , baby ? carmen tito do it . steven ( instantly outrage ) he hit you ?! ( up in a fury ) God damn it , what 's he do touch she ? I be gonna ... Terry intercept he on he way out of the room . terry she be run behind he chair when he get up . it be a accident . ( he 's uncertain ) a complete ... total ... accident . Stevens look at carmen who giggle . he 's humiliate by he own temper , attempt to calm himself . Terry put a sympathetic hand on he shoulder . dissolve to : ext . los angele - aerial shot - day the immense sprawl , the arterial flow of the freeway , the blind light . we descend ... int . train station - underground - day or night people get off , among they the former Joe Stevens , now know as JOHN hull . he 's carry a suitcase . int . train station / ext . STREET - day Hull go up the stair onto a downtown street . ext . another STREET - day South L.A. neighborhood . a 13 - year- old black youth sell drug through a car window . Hull walk by . he 's at ease , look around , he manner subtly announce that he belong here , just as in the train station he seem to belong among the commuter . ext . transient motel - courtyard - day a fat blonde woman ( 61 , large white glass , tiny shoe ) lead Hull down a corridor . blonde woman Television mostly . I be on " Sky King " twice , " ramar of the jungle . " that be a silly show . the jungle be mostly flat ... they pass a open door where a 6 - year - old boy , jame , a latchkey , sit on the stoop play gameboy ; inside , he mother , belinda , a break down whore , be do she nail and drink pepsi . she look up , bat she lash at Hull . blonde woman ( continue ) you want my advice , I would stay away from that bitch . she open the door to the room across the hall . a dump . Hull walk in , drop he duffle : he will take it . the blonde lounge in the doorway . he close the door . int . room - day Hull empty he pocket on the dresser . look at he money , room key , identification . look at himself in the mirror . he touch he clothes , he face , try on different expression . ( note : throughout the film , Hull continually check himself out in mirror , both to adjust he appearance to the circumstance and as if in a attempt to recall who he " really " be . ) ext . 79 th and figueroa - twilight on the seam between South -central and usc . lot of people out : child , student , dealer , whore . Hull with a new haircut . ext . another , similar corner - day dealer ( most in mid -teen ) meeting car , make transaction . all this casually observe . eddie come up the street , recite he version of a old street toast . eddie on the day of the King 's castration , all the count and no account be down on the deck with Georgia tech take turn in the back seat ... that dealer not at car window , gather around . he never speak to they , go on declaim as he exchange drug for money . Hull watch , talk to another street person . his appearance continue to change : clothes , posture , walk , gesture subtly conform to the environment , a bit like Zelig . throughout the film he appearance shift , depend on who he 's with . we always recognize he , but each time he 's different . he walk up to a dealer , make a quick buy and keep go . but he see they and be see . int . a office - night Hull drop eleven foil ball on a green blotter . carver count out money for he . int . hull motel room - day he sit at the window , eat a burrito , watch little James play in the courtyard . ext . STREET - evening Hull approach another Dealer , the 13 - year - old see earlier ( angelic face ) . like Hull , he 's try to act tough . hull whatta you get ? 13 - year-old dealer ( voice just change ) nickel rock , dime rock . excellent shit . Hull exchange a fold twenty for two foil ball . he walk off . he have go twenty foot when ... red range rover squeal to a stop opposite the Dealer . a huge young black man , ivy ( 23 , all in red with a red headband ) , lean out the passenger window , shouting at the 13 - year-old . ivy what the fuck I tell you about be here ? everyone turn to look , but Hull 's view be block . 13 - year-old dealer ( o.s. ) no , wait ... ivy ( o.s. ) too fuckin ' late . popping noise . ivy be wave a automatic weapon . everyone on the street but Hull have hit the ground . ivy ( enjoy it , shouting ) get down , motherfucker ! ivy laugh and fondle a girlfriend as the car roar off . he see Hull , pretend to fire , laugh as Hull , too , duck . when ivy 's go , he run to where a crowd have gather around ... the 13-year-old lie in the street , a bullet hole in he head , eye open . he twitches and kick , blood pulsing from the neat wound . then he 's dead . the face around he ( young , old , many race ) watch with a variety of emotion . crowd who be he ?... why would they shoot he ?... ivy do he , man ... he 's in the wrong fuckin ' place ... that poor boy ... get he beeper ... cop push through to the body . as the crowd disperse , Hull can not take he eye off the boy . when he finally do , he see Eddie , drink in hand . they eye meet , and Eddie , a rapper , raise he eyebrow in brief acknowledgment of sorrow . eddie ( sadly ) he do do , be not he ? ext . lewazz - night title : two week later a bar with a neon bird for a sign . Hull enter . int . lewazz - night a racial mix . Hull take a seat at the bar . stuff bird line the lintel above the bottle . a female bartender ( long red nail ) greet he familiarly . bartender how 's it go , John ? hull I be in there . without be ask , she set he up a dry sack with a long red straw . ( note : he never touch the drink . ) Hull 's appearance have continue to change . his clothes have become flashier , he have a earring , the start of a goatee . Eddie approach the bar compulsively recite one of he toast . eddie ( to himself ) " where 's the Queen , " say the King . " she 's in bed with laryngitis . " " be that bastard still in town ?... fuck the Queen , " say the King , and ten thousand knight straaaain at they utmost ... ( to the bartender ) pina colada time two and a white wine . he go on mutter under he breath , tapping he foot like any crankhead . he notice Hull , greet he as someone he can not place but know he 's see around . eddie ( continue ) how you doin ' , Dudley ... tries to remember name . hull John . eddie John , man , right ... clasp hand . Eddie take he drink , carry they to ... a table where he rejoin a white man , david elias ( 30 , slick , powerful ) and a well - dress black woman ( mid - 20 , good - look ) . she get the wine . elias rise to let she out . as the woman pass Hull on she way to the restroom , they eye meet : a instant of perfect chemistry . he 's strike . her feature open , grow sensual for a moment , but then , as if see something she do not like , she eye flick away , and she walk by as if he be not there . int . carver' office - night ( note : Hull invariably meet carver in this anonymous room , distinguished only by the green blotter and a view of the city . this simple regularity suggest visit to a psychiatrist , carver probing , testing , teasing , try to draw Hull out . and they feel like therapy , at once a respite and a torment . ) more foil ball on the blotter beside box of 3 x5 photograph . photo of Eddie and David elias be up on a corkboard , the beginning of a pyramid . hull Eddie something ... a motormouth ... he supplies the street dealer ... busy from he ... ( read name on back of photo ) David elias ... who apparently busy from a guy name barbolla or something . but I have not see he . carver produce a photo of a handsome Latin in he 5as , pin it on the board above elias . carver barbosa , Felix . hull there be also a woman , but she 's not here . ( as carver reach in a drawer ) I see a kid kill . twelve , thirteen at the most . turf war . carver shrug : this thing happen . he hand Hull a lot of cash , much more than expect . Hull do understand . carver get to elias . then to barbosa . hull you can not rush this stuff . carver rush it , please . I want art , John , not reality . budget hearing start in April , and I need gallego by then . they will not give we funding for three ounce busy . hull we be not just do this for the funding , be we ? carver without funding , we be not do it at all . title : two week later int . crack house - day virtual darkness save splinter of light between the curtain . pipe burn here and there in the gloom . ten or fifteen crackhead huddle around a battery - operate tv on which Tom brokaw be narrate a NBC documentary on drug . a 12 - year - old sit against a wall too stone even for television . Hull approach Eddie , regally install on a automobile bench seat- cum -sofa , a light pipe in one hand . we barely notice the redhead kneel between he leg , face bury in he crotch . he greet Hull from wreck bliss . they know each other now . eddie my man , Dudley , he 's so fud-ley ... Hull greet Eddie , some of the other , drop familiarly onto a adjacent auto seat . the patron be make fun of brokaw , laugh , exchange fives . hull Eddie , man , I need ... Eddie hold up a hand tell Hull to wait . his mind be elsewhere . his feature contract in brief concentration . chorus of comment whatever happen to that drug czar motherfucker ?... he give up ' cause he finally realize he do not know nothing about any of that shit ... more laughter , etc . Eddie 's concentration peak , break off into a sigh and a smile . Eddie sing a satisfied little song ... the redhead rise from Eddie 's crotch , and we see it 's a boy , seventeen go on death ; he might have be pretty a year ago . Eddie pass he the crack pipe , let he suck greedily for a few second before rip it out of he scabrous mouth and offer it to Hull , who , with a grimace that get laugh , decline . the other continue to watch and comment on the speech . eddie so what be it you need so bad , blood ? need , need , need ?? hull a whole k , quick as you can get it . eddie ( impressed , a trace of envy ) comin ' in the world , Dudley . hull ( win grin ) all because of my man ... Eddie like that , hold out a hand . Hull hit it . eddie give I a day . Hull nod , rise . eddie ( continue ) stick around , let the bitch Hoover you , too . indicating redhead . in all this scene , Hull act indifferent to the horror , but here the effort cost he . he master he disgust with a joke . hull only if you clorox he first . everyone laugh , even the boy . ext . STREET - night Eddie come out the back door of a building , be immediately collare by taft ( the cop on the videotape ) . he 's in he mid - 40s , stocky , bald . taft ( cheerful , gregarious ) Eddie shitface ! where you be , boy ? Eddie break free , run three foot before hernandez ( a muscular mexican ) knee he in the groin . Eddie crumple . taft ( continue ) Eddie , I do not think I introduce you to my new partner , Michael hernandez ... hernandez please to meet you , Mr. shitface ... ext . STREET - night Eddie fold over he wounded nut . hernandez and taft sit on crate to either side . the drug they have take from he be neatly arrange on a garbage can lid . hernandez you have the right to remain silent ... you have the right to a attorney ... you have the right to go back to Ontario for eight - to - ten on a second offense ... eddie ( in several kind of pain ) oh , man , I can not go back in there , I just can not . taft ( soothing ) ' course you can not , child , ' course you can not . that 's why you be gonna start give we some help . ext . david elias' house - night a pleasant , Santa monica neighborhood . Spanish style house . int . elias' house - night pleasant , tasteful . elias 's wife , nancy , ( dress like the attorney she be ) sit in a alcove-study read a real estate contract through half - glass . elias himself be help he daughter , miranda , 7 , with she homework . he be 38 , with the body and bear of a powerful man . elias again . Three time four . miranda Seven . elias be not a sweet daddy . it should make we uncomfortable to watch he push he daughter . elias no . you be add again , you have to multiply . Three and four be seven . Three time four be ... miranda twelve . elias Three time five . the doorbell . nancy can you get that ? miranda eight . elias ( get up ; more about the answer than the door ) damn it . miranda why can not I just use a calculator ? int . / ext . front door - night Three man : felix barbosa ( whose photo we see in carver 's office ) . barbosa be a veteran of the coke business , but he 's do too much of the drug now ; he 's sweat , paranoid , unstable . with he be gopher , early 60 , a wizen high -voice old con who barbosa keep the way Spanish king keep dwarf , for amusement and luck ; like the court jester , gopher can say anything he want without fear . behind they be a Hispanic kid , chino , 17 , a thug . elias know they all , but be not happy to see they at he door . elias what be you do here ? barbosa we have get a problem , David . elias call I on the phone . barbosa you friend Eddie just start bend over for the cop . this be very bad news . elias murmur a shake , " shit ... " and step outside , half - close the door behind he . barbosa ( continue ) they bust he , and he 's deal to save he ass . gopher which be how he will lose the skinny little thing . elias do he give we up ? barbosa not yet , but he will if he have to , and eventually he will have to . miranda ( o.s. ) daddy ! I think we be do my homework . elias I do not think he would talk about we . he would try not to . barbosa if we whack he , he definitely will not . miranda ( o.s. ) daddy !! elias ( to miranda ) just a second . ( to barbosa ) not yet . let I check on this , first . barbosa ( taunting ) nobody say you have to do the dirty work , David . I will take care of -- elias Felix , if he 's a problem , we will kill he . I will kill he myself . he do not realize until it 's too late that Nancy have just then open the front door to see where he go . they look at each other , a terrible moment : she know what he do , hate it , can not bring herself to leave he , hate herself for that . elias ( continue ) Nancy , get out of here . nancy for you ; it 's Eddie . she hand he a cordless phone , go inside close the door . barbosa you get a tasty wife , David . no wonder you do not want we come here . elias ( warning he ) do not talk about she that way . barbosa laugh . gopher he can not help it , David , it 's he nature . elias ( into phone , chipper ) Eddie ... sure , man , what do you need ? int . a boxing gym - night elias join Eddie and Hull to one side . in the b.g. two guy sparring . eddie David , this be John , John , David . Eddie , this be Eddie . everybody ready ? hull ( to elias ) so what 's this , you want to meet I ? elias ( charming , touch of mockery ) I like to know the important customer . Hull make a show of weary patience , gesture : here I be . elias ( continue ) you be take a lot of weight for a guy we hardly know . where be you move this stuff , John ? we have not see you around . we like to have a sense who you customer be . hull ah , come on , man , do macy 's tell the gimbel motherfucker ? elias ( beat ; watch he ) Eddie , forget this guy , he 's a cop . he get up , walk away . on hull he 's blow it . he 's be make . the crush failure . he rally himself to indignation . hull what be this shit , Eddie ? I think you be the man . Eddie 's sicken , want to get pay , owe taft a bust . eddie nobody 's the fuckin ' man . go to you place . I will call you . ext . gym / int . a van - continuous time taft and hernandez , watch the gym . Hull come out , look up and down the street carefully . taft sit up , pay attention . taft this be we collar ? hernandez grunt . taft ( continue ) who be he ? hernandez some scumbag ... but taft clearly think there 's something different about Hull . he 's not sure what , but it trouble he . ( note : Hull make a little move that taft will later realize be a cop 's move . for now he can not quite place it . ) ext . parking lot - continuous time Eddie plead he case to elias . eddie he 's no cop , David . he 's a animal . you see he eye ? you never see a cop with that eye . I know this shit , man , you do not . elias ( give he a open ) what 's go on , Eddie ? eddie twenty -six thousand cash be what . we need it , David . we be behind . elias study Eddie : be he a rat ? elias hope not , but he 's go to find out . he hand a fat Federal Express envelope through the window . elias ( a warning ) I want he to get it all , Eddie . Eddie bow in gratitude , hurry off . ext . / int . hull motel - night Hull 's unlock he door when belinda , the hooker across the hall , come out to talk . her 6 - year-old , James , watch , silent . belinda ( a crackhead ) Mr. Hull ... Mr. Hull ... hull ( wearily ) what 's happen , belinda ? belinda now you know , Mr. Hull , I be to the welfare this afternoon , but the bus , you know what I be say ?... the one bus , and then the other , and when I get there they would go and change the time on I , without notification . they 's suppose to give notification , be not they ? they say I get a thing in the mail , but I do not remember , I do not think they send it , so now I be off the welfare , plus I forget to take James for he shot ... for the school ? which otherwise they let he go . and he 's gotta learn , he 's gotta learn , do not he , Mr. Hull , you tell he , so 's he can better hisself . Hull slouches in the doorway , finger to he eye . hull ( to James ) you have any food today , James ? jame ( disclaim any need ) I have ding - dong . hull ( sigh , give he money ) you go to the mexican place over there , and get the chicken tostada or the beef and bean burrito or both . and a milk . jame I do not like milk . I want a -- hull ( a order ) you get the milk ! and get something for you mother , too . ( to belinda ) what do you want ? belinda now , Mr. Hull , if you just -- hull ( to James ) two tostadas , two burrito , two milk . give he another bill . the boy run off . belinda you now , I look out for my James best I can , Mr. Hull , but it 's hard . now you like the boy , do not you ? Hull grunt . belinda ( continue ) I know you do . and I be thinkin ' if you want to take care of he , that might be good for he . give he a male figure to look up to . hull look , belinda , I can not ... belinda if you could just give I something for he . say five thousand dollar ... ( off Hull 's shock ) or maybe four thousand . I could not give up my boy for less than four thousand ... Hull be rescue from this horror by the ringing pay phone . he run down the hall , grab it . hull it 's I . I be here ... where ?... five minute . he dash past belinda into he room . belinda or you could just give I a part now ... he close the door , take the money carver give he out from behind the mirror , dash back outside . as he rush by : belinda ( continue ) let I do something ' for you , Mr. Hull . let I do a little something ' for you . he keep go . the blonde woman address belinda . blonde woman no solicitin ' in the hall . I tell you that before . belinda ( spunkier than we have see ) I be not doin ' shit . bitch ... ext . taco stand - venice and LA brea - night a handful of customer under a mud sky . the throb of a distant helicopter . Hull pull into the lot beside Eddie 's BMW . he climb into the BMW , toss Eddie a brown envelope ; money spill onto he lap . Eddie do a quick count , produce the fed ex envelope . the usual white stuff . Hull 's about to taste when the chopper swoops in with a sudden blind overhead light . a bullhorn boom down like the voice of God . amplified voice this be the police . remain inside the vehicle . place you open hand against the windshield so that they be clearly visible ... hull Christ ... eddie ( a strategy ) spread the floor , Dudley . ( rap sound effect with rhythmic head spasm ) a- ga , a-ga , a-ga , a-ga ... Eddie start the car , and Hull roll out the passenger door as the BMW race across the lot . two black - and -white and a unmark converge on the stand . Hull can not reach he car . he vault a metal rail and run off between two building . hernandez jump out of a unmark and race after he . taft speed the car out onto the street . hull run . Police and siren pursue . he hurl the fed ex envelope into a dumpster . helicopter light sweep over he . as he cut around a building , taft open a car door right into he face . Hull go down hard . taft ( into car radio ) thank you kindly ... he wave at the helicopter which go away , kneel over Hull who be twitching spastically on the ground , gasp for air . hernandez arrive carry the fed ex envelope . taft ( continue ) how you doin ' , child ?... Hull be astonished to look up and see taft loom over he , the man he remember from the videotape . he try to speak : hull ( barely audible ) you ... taft ( briefly puzzle ) I ? of course , it 's I . you know I ? Hull shake head , wince . taft ( continue ) hurt , huh ? Hull try to curse . taft ( continue ) here , I want to show you something . you have kid ? he take out he wallet , open it to picture of he two child , a boy and a girl , seven and eight . taft ( continue ) this be mine . be not they the most beautiful child you ever see ? Hull groan , twist in pain . taft stick the picture in he face . Hull be affect by the child despite everything . taft ( continue ) yeah , I know , they kind of leave you speechless . so let I ask , if someone put a gun to you baby 's head , would not you kill he if you could ? Hull just look up . taft ( continue ) I , too . and you be the bastard with the gun . he take the fed ex envelope from he . hull ( hoarse ; he first word ) you know the difference between a nigger and a black man ? taft do not jive I , boy . hull the nigger 's the one cover whitey 's ass by puttin' the brother in jail . taft yank he hard to he foot ; Hull cry out in pain . taft you be not my brother . int . courtroom - night Hull be lead in with other handcuff prisoner . carver be here , catch Hull 's eye . Hull shake he head ; do not want carver to intercede . a woman public defender ( 26 , attractive , harry ) address the prisoner . public defender hi , I be shelley weissbrod . this be only a arraignment , a preliminary hearing , but if you do not have money for a attorney , the Public defender 's office can ... Hull be listen to this when a bailiff tap he shoulder . bailiff you have get counsel . over there . puzzle , Hull see the back of a suit confer with a prosecutor . the suit turn . it 's david elias who smile , offer he hand . Hull be stunne . elias enjoy that . hull you be a lawyer ?? elias I be you lawyer . hull who hire you ? elias ( smile ) it 's pro bono . if you do not want I , there 's shelley . she 's good . she just can not provide special service ... hull like what ? voice ( o.s. ) ( call the next case ) John Hull ... elias get you case call first . elias address the court . elias ( continue ) you honor , I believe the preliminary police toxicology report will show that the substance seize from my client be mannitol , a baby laxative . we move for immediate dismissal . Hull be surprised at this news . the judge look to the prosecutor who waife objection . gavel . elias ( continue ; to Hull ) we be out of here , dude . as they walk toward the back , taft approach Hull . there 's already a deep pull between this two , and in taft 's presence , Hull can not sustain the tough street act . we almost see the little boy inside he . taft ( to Hull , amused ) baby laxative , they sell you some bad shit . drunken prisoner ( to Hull ) you have a constipate baby , and you be in jail ? what kind of a father be you ? taft a father who do not know he own child , be not that right ? a long look between they , break when elias take Hull 's arm , lead he away . elias cheerfully greet a couple of hooker wait arraignment . Hull furtively grab he sleeve . hull ( under he breath ) you sell I mannitol , motherfucker . elias ( under he ) if it have not be , asshole , you would be in jail right now ... come on , I want you to meet some people . ext . lewazz - night after hour . the place be close . a couple of car in the lot . elias 's BMW pull in . int . lewazz - night desert except for one table where Eddie , barbosa , gopher and chino be eat shrimp . they look up as Hull and elias approach . Eddie 's astonished to see Hull . eddie Dudley , Dudley , fo-fudley ... elias surprise to see he , Eddie ? Eddie look around , uneasy . elias ( continue ) John get bust and keep he mouth shut . can not say that for everybody , can we ? eddie what be you say ? be you say I ? be you say something about I ? gopher tell the truth , Eddie . be honorable . it 's all you get leave . eddie shut up , you little faggot . elias the cop make you give they somebody . we know it . Eddie look around . everybody 's look at he . he consider lie , but realize it 's pointless . eddie all right , so what ? I mean , so what , man ? you get the money . twenty -six G. twenty -six , David . Count it . elias next time you might trade we . eddie never. ( turn to barbosa ) never , Felix , never . come on , man , you know I would never ... Hull observe barbosa become the power center . barbosa ( softly ) I know you never will . eddie Felix , no . do not be ... I be worth money to you . let I give you money . barbosa why ? you do not owe I anything . eddie another twenty - six grand ... just to show you ... fifty . barbosa why not a hundred ? eddie ( that 's so much ) a hundred ??? Felix ... barbosa 's impassive . eddie ( continue ) okay , a hundred . barbosa give it . eddie tomorrow . twenty - four hour . barbosa now . ten second . eddie Felix , I need time . I -- barbosa one ... two ... eddie I do not have it right now . but I can -- gopher ( sadly ) then goodbye , Eddie . I forgive you for what you say to I . eddie ( plead ) twelve hour . tomorrow morning . barbosa six ... seven ... ( to elias ) you want to do it , David ? elias look stricken . barbosa laugh . Eddie jump up . Hull turn away , can not bear to watch this . barbosa ( continue ) nine ... eddie grab the first thing he lay eye on , a tiny snail fork and plunge it into barbosa 's neck . as if it be a fly bite , barbosa fling the table aside and , with a long knife already in he hand , gut Eddie from groin to breast bone . Eddie fall like a suddenly emptied sack . elias can not help gasp . Hull look away , hide he horror . barbosa rip the fork out of he neck and hurl it at the body . barbosa piece of shit ! elias stare at Eddie 's body , transfix . horrify , fascinate , afraid , in awe . barbosa turn to Hull . barbosa ( continue ) what would you think ? hull at least it be clean . barbosa ( pleased , to elias ) what about you , bar mitzvah body ? first time you see somebody die ? elias ( eye fix on the body ) no. ( catch breath ) at camp ... when I be fourteen ... a friend of mine be water ski ... the motorboat run he over ... a junior counsellor be drive . barbosa you should kill a man some day , David , it 's liberate ... ( walk out ) summer camp . I be in business with somebody who go to summer camp . everyone else be silent , grave . int . elias' house - kitchen - early morning through slider we see a small pool . elias and Hull sit over uneaten omelet . both still shake by the previous scene . elias Eddie , man ... he be always nice to my daughter . hull how would a guy like you get into this ? elias the way most drug lawyer do : client pay I in product , and I have to move it . soon I be do more deal than law . but this be ' 83 , ' 84 , there be so much money we think it would never end . hull yeah . and now ...? elias the road get rougher . Cocaine 's a die business . hull then what be we do here ? elias people be always go to want to get high . every society have way to alter consciousness . hull because they can not bear reality . elias ( smile ) we all need we delusion , only the mean change : psychedelics , opiate , prayer , orgy , human sacrifice ... hull what 's next ? elias put a finger to he lip . hull ( continue ) why be not you sell it ? elias I know how to make it and market it . but I need capital . that 's the only reason I be hang out with a asshole like barbosa . ( feel he hatred of barbosa ) and because I can not get to the big guy . hull who be the big guy ? elias gallego , et cetera . hull ( react to the name ) why can not you get to they ? elias what do you care ? Hull shrug : he do not . elias ( continue ) anyway , designer drug have a bad name : ice , ecstasy , tar -- there 's a limited market for parkinson 's disease . but what about completely safe , almost legal , terrific shit you can go to work on and do you job better than you ever do it straight ? hull sound like a dream . they hear someone come . elias ( close the subject ) in dream begin responsibility . hull tell I about this new shit . elias some other time , John , when we know each other better . ( as miranda enter kitchen ) hey , bunnela . ( she snuggle against he ; elias enjoy it ) five time two . miranda it 's too early . do not bother I . he hug she , kiss she , much more openly affectionate than Hull be with he own child . Hull notice that . miranda ( continue ; head in she father 's chest ) Seven . elias whisper in she ear . miranda ( continue ) oh , yeah ... ten ... who 's he ? elias that 's my friend , John . this be miranda . hull hi , miranda . miranda give Hull a shy greeting . Nancy hurry into the kitchen , handsome , busy , ready for work . nancy come on , honey ... elias Nancy , this be John . Nancy nod briefly in Hull 's direction . elias kiss miranda who grab the back - pack she mother proffer , and they go out . when they be go : elias ( continue ; on Nancy 's chilliness ) that 's not about you . it 's , she 's ... judgmental about what I do . when they be go , he open louver door onto a washer / dryer , take a sport bag off a shelf , give it to Hull . Hull look inside . White powder . he taste . Real . he heft the bag . hull that 's more than I buy . elias half we owe you . the other half 's on consignment . a token of we esteem . hull you be have trouble move it . elias do not deny it . hull ( continue ) make I you partner . I will help you get you capital . elias I do not need a partner . I need a salesman . int . carver' office - day now in daylight . two separately wrap kilogram of crack cocaine on the green blotter . carver I can not buy this much shit . I have not get it in the budget . hull what be I suppose to do with it ? carver you be a drug dealer , John . deal drug . Hull just look at he . carver do not blink . hull you know how this go , Gerry . it will not stop here . you know what they be go to ask I to do pretty soon , to prove I be down . what be I suppose to do then ? carver do not blow you carver . Hull : a moment of horror as he realize what carver be say . music -- a drug dealing sequence int . hull apartment - night he 's fill glass vial with crack . hundred of they . it 's tedious work . he spill some , curse . he stop . he can not believe he 's do this . he go on do it . carver ( v.o. ) you be still think like a cop , John . forget that . Cross the line . be what you be . you be a criminal . you do not give a shit about other people . you be just try to survive . int . crack house - day Hull doling out vial to dealer see earlier with Eddie . hull ( v.o. ) I can not do this shit . I just can not . ext . a STREET - day dealer go up to car as before , only now they be Hull 's dealer . a well - dress Black businessman busy from he BMW . carver ( v.o . ) but you want to be of use . you want to get drug off the street , do not you ? hull ( v.o. ) that 's why I be here . ext . same - another time another sale : teenager on foot . carver ( v.o. ) well , this be the cost . pay it or go grow flower someplace . ext . hull be motel - another time he come out of the motel talk to a Dealer we have see above . hull you can not back down with they . you have get to project strength , from inside , you know ? the Dealer nod . across the street Hull see : a blue sedan . taft and hernandez . taft give Hull a little nod and grin . ext . STREET - another time Hull sit in a aging tran be , make entry in a notebook . across the street he watch : a pregnant woman ( 19 ) , a squawling baby in arm , buy from one of he dealer . he kick the dash in frustrated anger . under the music : hull cocksucker ... as soon as the woman 's go . he go over to the Dealer , slap he head , slap it again . under the music : dealer ( hurt , confuse ) what would you do that for ? hull ( walk off ) ' Cause I can , motherfucker , ' cause I can . ext . same - another time a white housewife make a buy from a new mini-van , a baby in the car seat . ext . STREET - twilight two usc football player ( letter jacket , huge ) hassling bijoux , a woman dealer , push she , she push back , curse . suddenly Hull come run up , shove they apart . he 's yell , point a finger in they face . elias come up behind , calmer . Hull be smaller than either usc kid , but they back down as he curse they . under music : hull ... touch she again , motherfucker , I be gonna mess you up . a brief scuffle . Hull deck one usc , and elias pull he off . the kid leave . elias double over with laughter . Hull yell at bijoux and walk off . ext . apartment house - day Hull ( look at write address ) knock on a door . it 's open by a beautiful , dark - skinned black woman in a skimpy robe . she look at he with disarming frankness . he think he must be in the wrong place . hull be David elias here ? elias ( o.s. ) momentito ... through the door we see he emerge from a bedroom step into he loafer , buttone he shirt . he give the woman along , dark kiss , caress she body . elias jacqueline , ho -ney ... she laugh , close the door . as he and Hull walk to the street , elias sing happily to himself : elias ( continue ) " who 's make love to you old lady ... while you be out make love ...? " ( cheerful ) how come I like balling black chick so much ? hull ' Cause you be a racist asshole . you feel like you be fuck a slave , and it get you off . elias oh , do not mau mau I with the malcolm X shit . tell I you be not chasin ' white pussy every chance you get . hull I do not dig white woman . ( know that 's a lie ) even if I do , it would not mean the same thing . elias sure , it would be the slave fuck the master . hegel talk about it . just like I , but the other way around . hull fuck hegel . who the fuck be hegel ? some smart - ass kike that talk backwards ? elias laugh , get into Hull 's car . Hull 's angry , take a beat before he get in . elias everybody dig the other , John . they dig they own , and they dig the other . hull do you wife dig black guy , David ? do she fuck Eddie ? do she want to fuck I ? elias ( mock -terrify ) ooo ... you mean with that great big purple dick of yours ? I hope not . she would never be impressed with my little thing again . hull you think what impress she now be you dick ? elias ( muse ) what do impress she ? Hull can not help laugh . he start the car . ext . betty' store - day elias and Hull approach . Hull 's carry a satchel and wear a new leather jacket . int . jewelry store - day as they go in , elias switch the OPEN sign to close and turn the latch . the store be fill with Latin american folk art , particularly mask which line the wall . betty stone , the woman Hull see with elias at the bar , come out from the back . she be 27 , a bad girl try to dress the way she think a banker who go to Vassar dress for success . she 's also a little strung out . she and Hull recognize each other at once , ( a brief reprise of that moment of perfect chemistry ) but she avoid he gaze . elias Betty , this be John , my new associate . mccutcheon you new Eddie . I hear the old one wear out . elias Factory recall . John 's go to be a good customer . he do a lot of wash . Hull put the satchel on a display case . Betty still will not look at he , open the satchel , begin a quick count . she do this with a speed and sureness that suggest high test score . hull so how 's this place work ? Betty do not answer , so elias cover the awkwardness . elias Betty wire the money to a store in aruba in payment for thing they never send she . they deposit the money in a bank there that turn around and loan she money she never have to repay . that way it do not turn up as income for the IRS . welcome to the laundromat . mccutcheon David , you talk too much . elias she do not trust you . Hull have take down a mask , put it over he face , look in a mirror . hull how much be this ? mccutcheon more than you can afford . hull I will take it . she produce a vial of coke , look questioningly at elias . elias by all mean . she draw out six line . elias do two . mccutcheon ( offer he the straw ) come on , Eddie 2 ... you be up . hull no , thanks . note : Betty be acutely attune to Hull , and in he refusal she sense -- albeit unconsciously -- two thing : first , that he do not trust himself on drug , therefore , he 's a dangerous guy and , therefore , exciting ; and , second , more important , the refusal bespeak a repudiation of the violence and danger and , thus , a long for goodness . despite the seem contradiction , she find this even more attractive . but because she feel herself to be bad , he goodness seem only a judgment against she , and so she think she hate he . mccutcheon who be he , my mother ? hull ( smile ) never have , never will . Betty ignore he , do she line . mccutcheon ( taunting Hull ) oooh ... Cocaine , I love it and I hate it and I love it . the disease be the cure . she can not help look at Hull who 's look at she . she and elias be stone ; he 's not . mccutcheon ( continue ) do not look at I . elias , tell he not to look at I . I do not like the fucker . but elias be too busy vacuume up Hull 's leftover . elias ( sniffle ) John 's a ascetic negro ; he want to make sure you know he 's not a jungle bunny . hull watch you mouth , David . elias but he 's get another side . you should see he on the street the other day with this two usc kid . do the spade bit for she , john. ( black accent ) I be gonna mess you up , muthafugga ... he stick he finger in Hull 's face just like Hull with the boy . hull do not call I a spade . and do not tell I to play black . he say it gently , but Betty hear the edge . elias ( hurt , disappointed ) come on , John , you do it so well . ( fall into it ) ah be not playin ' , muthafucka . ah be not playin ' . Hull glare ; elias refuse to be intimidate . elias ( continue ) do not fuckin ' dis I , muthafucka . fucka ... fucka ... fucka a ... fucka b... fuck b-hive ... fucka , fucka , fucka ... elias dance around repeat " fucka " until it 's almost musical . Hull pick he up and slam into a wall . hull say it again , and I will kill you . elias throw Hull back against a display case . he 's strong and unafraid . they be ready to fight . mccutcheon grow up , asshole ! this half snap they out of it . still glower , they slowly relax , release each other . ext . STREET - night Hull sit in the tran be eat a sandwich and watch the street as a dealer lean in the window tell he sob story . there 's a authority to Hull 's manner that tell we he may not like this job , but he know how to do it . dealer ... the guy rip I off , man , so I do not get the money , I do not get the stuff and -- hull ( eye on street ) you gotta pay anyway . dealer oh , but , man ... as he rap on , comical pathos , Hull spot in he side mirror ... the red range rover come slowly this way . ivy in the passenger window , the barrel of a automatic weapon glint in the streetlight . hull shit ... Hull glance up : bijoux be sell on the next corner . the Range Rover pass the tran be . ivy lean out . Hull fling open the tran be door , throw the Dealer to the ground . he jump from the car : hull ( continue ) bijoux !! she turn . see ivy . she put out she hand to block the shot . the SOUND of the gun be inaudible . the barrel bounce slightly . bijoux sprawl backward . bijoux : dead on the sidewalk , limb askew , bleed from many wound . Hull , stand over she , cover she face . ext . same - much later that night the body have be take away , the crowd have clear . elias sit on the hood of the tran be . Hull stand , stare down . elias it be not you fault . ( no response ) what could you have do ? hull she work for I . I be suppose to protect she . elias know that 's true , and it lead to another truth . elias we have to kill he . Hull look up . elias ( continue ) or we lose all authority with the other dealer . and one of they will kill you . Hull look up , startle . elias ( continue ) you have get to assert now , or you be dead . Hull see the truth of that and slowly nod . elias ( continue ) and if we kill ivy , we control this whole territory . hull that guy who work for barbosa can do it , chino . elias no . if we use chino , it 's barbosa who 's assert . it will be barbosa 's territory . ( again : he hatred of barbosa ) it 's gotta be we . hull right . elias and if it 's we , it 's gotta be you . meaning he can not do it . Hull know that . a long beat on Hull 's face as he reach the inevitable decision . hull ( to himself ) do not blow you cover . elias what ? hull if I do this , we be partner . equal partner on everything . elias offer he hand . Hull stand up , a sudden resolve . hull ( continue ) let 's go . elias ( afraid ) now ...? but Hull be already move . ext . STREET / int . elias' car - night Hull and elias drive , look for ivy . elias double park by two prostitute . we stay in the car with Hull who 's silent , frighten , keep try to warm he hand . outside , elias be talk and laugh with the prostitute . we see they point . he give they money , kiss . they laugh . he get back in the car . ext . a dance club - night the Range Rover park in front . elias 's car stop . music pound from inside . then one continuous shot : they pass the club , other store front ... turn at the corner ... turn into a alley ... down the alley past the same building ... the rear door of the club ... to the next street ... turn ... turn ... onto the original street , back to the front of the club . they stop again . hull go wait around back . elias nod . a beat . they look at each other . elias I want to see you in that alley . Hull 's so terrify he seem calm . with a air of submit himself to fate , he get out and walk into the club . int . club - night crowd and booming and strobe light . Hull pay the cover and climb a staircase to a ... circular balcony that overlook the dance floor . on stage : a rap act with its throbbing beat and below Hull a sea of dancer . Hull circle the balcony . it be not hard to pick out ivy -- he 's all in red , dance with the woman we see he with in the Range Rover the first time . Hull reach the step again and start down , keep he eye on ivy . the number end . in the pause before the next one , ivy can be see excuse himself , head toward the rear of the club . the next number begin . people dance . Hull push he way through the dancer to ... int . rear of club - a short hallway - night lead toward the rear door they see from the alley . moving down the hall a woman 's room . a man 's room . Hull go into ... int . men' room - night ivy be pissing into a urinal . he 's so huge he seem to take up all the space in the tiny room . Hull stare at he , unable to look away . he notice Hull . all dialogue be under the pounding music . ivy what be you look at ? Hull stare at ivy 's face . ivy consider this rude . ivy ( continue ) you want to suck it , bitch ? ( offer he dick ) or drink it ? laugh , he turn , urinate on Hull 's pants . Hull do not move . ivy ( continue ; recognize he ) oh , I know you . you be the bitch whose whore I waste tonight , be not you ? somebody push on the outside of the door . Hull hold it close with he back . ivy ( continue ) I gotta take care of you , too , huh ? he reach into he pants for the butt of a gun . Hull be freeze . ivy start to draw it out . Hull step forward , grab ivy 's gun arm . with he other hand he clumsily pull a silence .22 from inside he jacket , put it in the underside of ivy 's jaw and shoot twice . ivy 's brain spray upward onto the wall , and he slide straight to the floor . Hull step out into ... int . short hall - night a Hispanic busboy come out of the kitchen see he and the gun in he hand , freeze . Hull walk past he and out the back door . from inside we see Hull go down three step , stumble in the drive and fall to he knee , the gun clatter away from he . a couple that have be make out , stop , look . it take Hull a moment to gather himself . he pick up the gun , get into elias 's car . it drive away . int . hull motel room - night alone , he look at he face in the mirror . as if he do not know the person there . with a knife , he draw out something hide inside the wooden back of the mirror . a manila envelope . he empty it onto the dresser : mementos among which we see , carefully preserve , the blood - soak bill he father give he . Hull ignore they and pick up ... photo of he child he smooth out the fold , stare at it as if try to fix this in he thought . ext . motel courtyard - pay phone - day Hull on the phone . he 's unusually excited , even move . hull ... carmen , it 's I . it 's daddy ... int . hull house - cleveland - day carmen on the phone , jump up and down with excitement . carmen daddy !! hull ( v.o. ) ( through phone ) hi , baby . how be you ? I miss you ! carmen what ? hull ( v.o. ) I miss you ... carmen ( thrilled ) I miss you , too , daddy ... ext . motel courtyard - day Hull press the phone to he face , try to master he emotion . grainy 16mm film - a laboratory maze a lab rat with a metal electrode protrude from its head , be run a maze at high speed . a voice explain thing . voice ( young , nasal , too smart ) the maze lead in two direction . at one end the rat can obtain a food pellet . at the other ... ( pointer indicate each end ) ... it receive electrical stimulus to a very specific area of the cerebellum ... the rat reach this second destination , push a bar , be stimulate . a lab worker ( white coat , glove ) pick up the animal , replace it at the start . it run the same route . voice ( continue ) this rat , like 86 % of the other in the experiment , choose the electrical stimulus repeatedly and exclusively . it continue to do so until it die of malnutrition . another shot -- the rat dead . int . a laboratory - day or night a 21 - year-old renegade from the Cal tech chemistry department ( red hair , freckle , glass hold together with electrical tape ) , a brilliant nerd . he pick up ... a molecular model color ball stick together with wooden dowel . cal tech this be a addictive amphetamine with time - space distortion , delusion of grandeur -- or maybe they be real -- tend to be impulsive , sometimes violent behavior . psychotropic adaptation for late monopoly capitalism . it 's illegal , and you can buy it on any street corner . he tear off some of the ball , stick on new one . cal tech ( continue ) this increase energy , attention , cognitive power , yet with a smooth , almost opiate- like emotional surface . ideal for the post-political , post - rationalist global marketplace and 24 hour lifestyle . it 's completely legal and can only get it here , in my lab . elias ( to Hull , proudly ) Randy 's a genius . his professor tell he he could win the Nobel prize . cal tech Nobel prize be for wussy . hull what do this shit do to you ? cal tech I be on it now . it 's like cocaine only better . ( offer he powder on a slide ) want some ? hull I do not take drug . cal tech ( unoffended ) you mistake . this be design for the top end of the market . for people who want to master reality , not avoid it . because it 's synthetic , you do not grow it , refine it , or -- best of all -- import it . elias what would it take to manufacture this stuff in quantity ? cal tech with a million dollar , I could produce enough for a limited market at about two buck a pop . ( make a face : fair ) but then with five million , or better yet ten , the cost would drop to thirty cent , and we would have enough for the whole world . elias I be go to put two hundred fifty thousand into you corporate account . you cheat I , Randy , I will use you bladder for a bagpipe . ( to Hull , with a vengeance ) we be go to put barbosa out of business . elias be very happy . he lead Hull out . int . carver' office - day on the pyramid chart there 's a black border around ivy 's photo , as around Eddie 's . a photo of Hull be now on the board beside the one of elias . Hull stare out the window , lose in think . carver ( dismissive ) synthetic shit ?? sound like a 20 / 20 segment ... Hull shrug : it 's not that important . carver turn to he real interest . carver ( continue ) so , what be it like ? hull ( still look out ) what be what like ? carver pop ivy ... hull you know . carver I be God , remember ? hull ( look back out ) then you should know how it be . carver smile , but he 's non - pluss by Hull 's new detachment . carver you do not clear it with I . you be get independent . that 's good . Hull smile . carver ( continue ) how're we come on gallego ? hull he supplies barbosa . to get to he we will have to take quantity . carver then you have get to -- hull that 's what kill ivy do . I will get to he soon . carver 's impressed . hull ( continue ) be that it ? carver ( see he to the door ) I want you to get a new apartment . something expensive . hull I like where I be . carver that shithole ? you be big time now . Act it . and get some clothes . spend money . have fun . that 's a order . int . hull be motel - office - day Hull in a new , expensive suit , give the big blonde woman cash . hull whether I be here or not , no one else use that room . and change the linen twice a week , just like now . ( start to go , stop , more money ) and make sure James get what he need . and something for you . he add another bill . she smile . int . a rented condominium - day view , open space , expensive furnishings . Hull ( in another fancy suit ) be hang a couple of Betty 's mask . he 's meticulous about they placement . elias wander out from the other room , look around . elias ( impressed , envious ) Nice place . Nice suit . Hull have a moment of self - consciousness about the suit , check himself out in a mirror -- a private moment . elias flop on a couch , put he foot on a antique coffee table . hull hey ...! he hurry over , lift elias foot to the floor . Hull brushes the wood , inspect it carefully , fuss , worry ... elias be amused . elias you pick all this shit out yourself ? hull a jewish lady in the store help I . elias ( mock touch by racial harmony ) aw ... very nice . understate . I be impressed . Hull start to place stack of cash in a briefcase . he 's momentarily mesmerize by all the money . hull ( to himself ) fifty buck , fifty fuck buck ... elias you sell it all ? Hull nod . elias ( continue ) I will order a couple more key from barbosa . hull order ten . elias ten ?? hull better twenty . elias ( afraid of that ) I do not want to push it . hull I do . we have get a bigger territory , we need more product . I want to deal directly with gallego . it would save we money . elias barbosa will never let we near he . Hull close the briefcase , usher elias toward the door . he 's go out , too . hull if we buy twenty , gallego will come to we himself . elias how do you know ? hull when I buy a key from Eddie , you come to I . elias laugh , surprised , afraid . hull ( continue ) who 's above gallego ? elias guzman , but he 's ... do not ask so many question . hull how else will I learn ? ( hint of a threat ) call barbosa , David , put in we order ... because we have to split this , and there be not enough here for both of we . elias feel the threat . ext . betty' jewelry store - night despite the close sign , a light 's on inside . Hull knock . no response . he keep knock without let - up until : betty' voice ( annoyed ) nobody 's home , go away . he knock harder . finally she appear in the doorway , stop short when she see it 's he . she 's immediately aware of white streak on she grey suit . she try to brush they off . mccutcheon ( do not want to let he in ) look , I be tired , why do not you ... Hull hold up the briefcase . she sigh , unlock the door . int . betty' office - night a bill counter tote up the cash . she watch it fixedly to avoid look at he , but she feel the chemistry . mccutcheon why do you look at I like that ? hull how do I look at you ? mccutcheon like you know something I do not . like you be better than I . that catch Hull off -guard , and he respond with a candor she do not expect . hull I do not think I be better than you . I do not think I be better than anybody . she 's startle by this remark and instinctively draw to he . hull ( continue ) but I do know something ... you can not stop think about I . embarrass , she look away . he take she hand , and at he touch something yield to she . she let he draw she to he . his kiss be strangely tender , search . it turn Betty on incredibly . she melt into he . mccutcheon let 's go back here ... she lead he into ... the SMALL office she 's sweet and loving , but she sweetness scare she . he 's all over she , but she pull back for a moment . there be a couch and before it a coffee table with coke scattered on a plate . mccutcheon ( indicate coke ) do this ... do it with I . she offer he a straw . he do not take it . mccutcheon ( continue ) this be where I be at . you want to be with I , it 's gotta be there . hull I do not do that . mccutcheon never have , never will . hull it 's for fuck -up . mccutcheon what do you think , you be not a nigger ? you be a nigger as much as I . hull more . she 's angry , hurt , confuse , want to love he , but feel he will not let she , or she will not let herself . it 's torment . finally she 's release by a knock on the door . she go out to ... the front of the store let in elias . he smell the tension . elias ( amused , jealous ) have fun ? ( neither answer ; to Hull ) I talk to barbosa . he will see we now . Hull turn to Betty . both want to go that way instead of this , but event be lead somewhere else . he follow elias out . ext . a salsa club - night music pour into the darkness . int . club - night kid dance to a live stage act . High in a wall : a light window . int . that room - night very different from the club . a comfortable room with a bar , table , fill with man much older than the dancer below . barbosa and gopher at the bar with elias and Hull . chino and other shadowy figure lurk in the room 's depth . barbosa ten kilo ? you be always late on two . hull not ten ... twenty . barbosa 's impressed . hull ( continue ) the more we have , the more we can move . there be market we can not open because we do not have the inventory . barbosa 's coke to the eyeball , mean and dangerous . barbosa finally some ball on this team ... ( taunting elias ) come work for I , John . I will give you you own franchise . you can supply elias , lean on he when he 's late . elias go fuck yourself . barbosa laugh . hull I be with David . barbosa why ? he give you he " designer drug " pitch . he 's never go to do it . he 's a shmuck . elias do not talk to I that way . barbosa I be not talk to you at all . I be talk to John . gopher it 's the cocaine . do not listen to he . Felix , you have have enough ... barbosa shmuck . elias go for he . he 's fast and strong , and it take chino and Hull to pull he off . gopher praise God they do not let gun in here . calming voice " none of that in here ... " " take it outside ... " barbosa 's laugh , but he cheek be fleck with he own blood , and he eye be dead . barbosa David , you have be work out , you be get strong . be you quick , too ? ( shadow box ) come on , I will give you a shot at I . elias any time , any place . barbosa right here , right now . do this . he put he hand out , palm up . elias this ? what be this ? barbosa you know , you slap I , I slap you . ( mime that game ) come on , it 's fun . like summer camp . it do not look fun . elias glance at Hull for guidance . hull do not waste you time . barbosa stay out of this . ( to elias ) come on , you can do it , David , you be not a shmuck . elias put he hand out , palm up . barbosa cover they with he own . on the hand : barbosa 's broad , muscular with thick gold ring and a rolex ; elias 's paler , slighter , a wedding band and a slim watch . barbosa ( continue ) slap my hand . just slap they . elias look barbosa in the eye . he 's try to be a snake , but he 's more the mouse . he look away and as he do try to ... slap he with both hand but hit only ... Air . the room breathes . barbosa turn he ring so the big surface point down . barbosa ( continue ) now it 's my turn . gopher it 's barbosa 's turn . he 's gonna kill the white boy . elias one more . barbosa no , you go , davey , now it 's my turn . first to four win , like the World Series . elias cover barbosa 's palm with he own . gopher oh , God , I can not look . on the hand : barbosa tense he hand . elias yank back . barbosa 's hand have not move . barbosa you remember the rule ? if you flinch , I get to hit you . he slap elias across the face . Hull start forward . a knife appear . he stop . barbosa ( continue ) again , shmuck . elias cover barbosa 's hand . barbosa tense . elias hold firm , and barbosa quickly slap both hand , hard . elias double over , hold he hand in pain . gopher one . elias that be two . barbosa no , this be two . he slap he again , a sting crack . elias look to Hull , but they be across a canyon . Hull lower he eye . gopher oh , and it hurt . mercy , it hurt . on the hand . barbosa move he hand a millimeter , and elias flinch again . barbosa smack he across the face . the sound reverberate through the room . now even gopher be silent . tear run from elias 's eye , blood from he mouth , but he do not move . gopher ( continue ) Three . a voice Felix ! no mas . finito . a man step forward out of the shadow . he be young , mid -30' , handsome , european feature , beautifully dress , accompany by a guard we will know as molto . someone murmur to someone else : someone gallego ... Hull react . they eye meet . gopher the fight be over ! the ambassador from the South have speak ! elias ( refuse any mercy ) one more . barbosa shake he head , ashamed now in front of gallego . elias ( continue ) one more ! we be not finish ! ( people be silent ) four be the match . he hold out he hand . barbosa resume the stance , then wait , wait , wait , and finally bring both hand down , terribly hard , the sound of the slap be awful . barbosa four . hull okay , that 's it . get away . Hull lead elias to the door right past gallego . they gaze meet again . as they go out they hear gallego berate barbosa in furious Spanish . int . staircase - night tremble , elias hold he bloody hand against he chest , as Hull lead he in silence down the step . elias look at I . look at I , damn it ! he barely whisper , but it 's like a shout . Hull , who would be avoid he gaze , force himself to look . elias 's humiliation be so profound it almost ennobles he . finally : hull why do you do it ? elias I need it . they teach I what I need to know . that I be not part of they , and I never will be . that they do not respect I . that I do not deserve respect . because I be a shmuck , John . I be a shmuck ... he laugh a terrible laugh . the door behind they open , and barbosa appear with gopher . everyone be ready for death , but : barbosa David , I be sorry . it 's a crazy time , and ... you know ... I be do a little too much coca ... I will buy you kid a pony ... anything you want ... let 's forget about it . he come down the stair , offer he hand . elias will never forget about it , but he silently take the hand , hold they in he own bloody paw , look directly into barbosa 's face . barbosa become uneasy , manage to extract he hand . elias and Hull continue down and out the door . gopher gush to barbosa . gopher I be so proud of you . you can be cruel , and you can be kind . and just now you be kind . proud , proud , and more proud . that 's I . barbosa shut up . int . boxing gym - night barbosa , gopher with hernandez , taft 's partner . now we know hernandez be corrupt : that 's how they know Eddie be talk . barbosa I get nothing to give you , my man . I be a il - liquid son of a bitch . hernandez Felix , I keep tell they , " I have informant down there , I be work guy , I can not say who ... " if you do not have money , give I bust , or they be gonna start wonder about I . gopher they be already wonder . barbosa ( deadpan ) you can have gopher . gopher oh gawd ... barbosa how about a lawyer ? gopher ( know who he mean ) Felix , do not do this . hernandez ( he know , too ) great , lawyer be great , jewish be best . but I need spade , too . the politician want dark fact to scare the suburb so they will vote Republican . barbosa lawyer and spade ; I get the trifecta : two dealer and a girl who do they wash . two nigger and a kike ; all Democrats . hernandez you be my man . and afterwards ... hernandez rub thumb against finger . barbosa when this be over , I will send you to Hawaii , maui . it 's very beautiful in maui , it 's a very spiritual place . hernandez I just want money . and he 's go . gopher I would not trust that man when he 's out of rifle range . barbosa look tired . gopher ( continue ; premonition of disaster ) do not do this , Felix . it will go wrong . kill elias if you have to , honey , but do not set he up for this . it damage you prestige . barbosa face he cocaine . he try to resist the pull , then yield . he do another line . it 's he friend . he love it . he pick up a cellular phone , dial . barbosa David , you be awake , I be impressed ... I be sorry about what happen ... listen , I will get you twenty box , like you want . you be right , you should have what you need ... tomorrow night ... bring you partner and that girl with the store , Betty ... I need she advice on something . I want we to have fun , like we use to . we will go to that shrimp place , okay ?... good ... I , too , David . ( hang up ; do another line ; draw it deep into he ) yes ! int . carver' office - before dawn Hull jack up , excited , pleased with himself . as he pace , carver observe he beautiful suit , shoe , expensive watch . he look much better than carver . hull we be get twenty kilogram tomorrow . ( note the lighten sky ) tonight . I make it happen . I push elias , now he do not make a move without I . carver you run elias . hull I control he . barbosa 's sell it to we because he think I can move it ... ( now the big news ) and last night I meet Ramon gallego . carver sit up fast . Hull like that . hull ( continue ) we be get the dope from he ; it 's still come through barbosa , but gallego will approach I soon on he own . we be go to get he , Gerry . we be go to bring he and the whole thing down . carver sit back , grimace . hull ( continue ) what 's you problem ? carver ( look out window ) my problem ? my problem be that you do not really know what 's happen . hull ( sardonic ) oh , so , tell I what 's happen , Gerry . carver barbosa be set you up tonight . hull bullshit . carver he 's deal you to taft and hernandez . you be go to be take down as you receive the drug . they be put together the arrest team right now . that rock Hull . he be up , pace . hull what do we do ? carver you stay away . we be go to take they down . hull who ? elias and Betty ? do not be silly . carver my boss want a bust right now . he go before the oversight committee next week . he need something to justify the budget . hull ( implore ) I will get he something . give I ten day , and I will get he gallego on a plate . carver too late . the whole thing 's set up . hull Gerry , what be you tell I ? I need elias ... and Betty . you arrest they , and you be throw away everything I have set up . carver it 's out of my hand . Hull walk out . carver ( continue ) John , do not go near that bust . ext . 96 th STREET near the airport / int . a car - night elias ( no sleep ) drive . Betty in front . Hull in back . hull we should not go to they . maybe they come to we . elias he would not . they pull into the lot of a board up restaurant where barbosa and chino stand outside of a limousine . ext . behind a airport motel - night taft and hernandez in the same van that be outside the gym earlier . they be watch through binoculars , night scope . they spot elias 's car . hernandez ( whisper into radio ) here they be . nobody move until we see the green suitcase . ext . parking lot - night the two group meeting . barbosa give Betty a courtly kiss . barbosa ( flirtatious ) I be sorry for drag you out so late , but I have to be careful . mccutcheon it give I confidence . hull watch plane descend into the airport , nervous . he know what 's come , but how do he handle it ? hull let 's see what we have get . elias take a satchel out of the rent -a- car trunk . chino open the limousine 's trunk . Inside be a over-size day - glo green plastic suitcase . he be about to pick it up . hull ( continue ; spot the police van in the adjacent lot ) do not touch it . everyone look at he , then the direction he 's look . barbosa what be this ? hull something 's wrong . what 's that van do there ? everyone look . they can barely see the van . Hull pull a gun . hull ( continue ) this be a bust . the minute we take the stuff , they will be over we . barbosa he 's crazy , David . I think you be the crazy one , but it 's he . Hull put the gun to barbosa 's head , address chino : hull chino , pick up the suitcase and give it to elias . I will only kill he if something go wrong . chino move to pick up the suitcase . barbosa no !! everyone look at Hull amaze , even chino . elias ( softly ) Fucking a , John ... hull okay , everybody in the car . he throw the money in the limo truck , slam the lid . he 's run the show now , and everyone know it . he 's wing it , but confident and strangely calm . elias , energize by Hull 's command , grab barbosa and throw he toward the limo . hernandez's Pov through night scope taft we have a problem . hernandez shit ! shit ! shit ! ( aim rifle ; Hull in sight ) enough of this ... taft no ! ext . two car - night Hull shepherd everyone into the limo . he glance toward the van . on instinct . he pull chino to he . a rifle shot chino 's head explode . Betty scream . barbosa ( scream at van ) do not shoot ... do not shoot ... int . van - night taft hurl hernandez against the wall . taft goddam it , what the hell be you do ? ext . two car - night siren . gunfire . elias drag barbosa into the limo . Hull throw Betty into the front seat . the limo take off . ext . STREET / int . limo - drive - night Hull drive , Betty up front . elias with a gun on barbosa in back . Hull slalom the limo through police gunfire . window be blow out . Glass everywhere . mccutcheon ( weep ) I ask for this ... I ask for it ... it 's my fault ... hull ( calm , eye on road ) relax . we will make it . she look at he , stunne yet soothed by he certainty . barbosa he 's a cop . he have to be . how else would he have know ? hull if I be cop , you would be face down back there . mccutcheon how do you know ? hull the whole thing smell . change he mind about the stuff . meeting we way out here . and I would see cop in that van before . hernandez be dirty , that 's who he 's use . elias ( to barbosa ) get out of the car . he start to open the door . hull David , not now . elias yes , now ! int . taft and hernandez's car - night Racing . taft at wheel , raging at hernandez . taft who be you , man ? who the fuck be you ? hernandez ( stonewall ) I be I . int . limo - drive - night elias he trade we to the cop . just like Eddie . Eddie , who be nice to my daughter , have to die because that 's the rule . and you be vulgar about my wife , Felix , so at the very least the same rule apply to you . barbosa I will give you money . I will give you a million . anything you want . elias I want you to get out of the car . get out of the fuck car . out of the fuck -- mccutcheon ( near tear ) no , no ... we can not do this . hull ( turn around from front seat ) stop it , David , or we be ... elias wheel on he , stick the gun in he face : elias ( in a fury ) look at my hand ! he hold they up : swollen , black and blue , cut up . elias ( continue ; to barbosa , softly ) get out of the car . barbosa 's freeze . elias grab he hand , shoot a bullet through . barbosa scream ... mccutcheon no ! hull goddammit ! elias wheel on they , swinging the gun from one to the other . elias stay out of this , or you will die . you will both die . everyone will die . his fury make anything seem possible . he push open the door . tremble , barbosa start to climb out . the limo enter a tunnel , police still in pursuit . halfway out , barbosa stop . barbosa I can not ... elias shoot he in the butt . he shriek , jerk forward . the cop be get close behind . other cop wait at the far end of the tunnel . Hull hit the brake , spin a 180 into the opposite lane . barbosa be flung out of the car and plaster by a succession of fishtail vehicle . Hull speed back the other way . they be go straight at : int . van - coming straight at they - night taft and Hull , the two driver , lock eye . it 's chicken , but more than that . two man set against each other who , for some reason , want to be friend . at the last instant , the van swerve away , but : elias aiming at taft taft see the gun too late . he can do nothing . Hull 's gaze follow taft 's . he see elias , deliberately swerve , send the shot wild . int . limo - racing - night elias I have he ! hull you want to kill a cop ?? do not be stupid . the limo speed away . ext . STREET / int . limo - drive - night the window shot out . Hull and Betty silent , shake . elias charge up , happy . elias everything be different . we be the colombian now . ( radiant ) this be the great night of my life . terrible but great . Felix be right ... mccutcheon ( appal ) about what ? elias he say I should kill a man . he be right . mccutcheon my God . elias barbosa be a roach . do you miss he ? will anybody in the world miss he ? mccutcheon be you a roach , too ? elias ( happily ) yes . thank god. mccutcheon ( to Hull ) what about you ? he 's silent , keep drive . she 's have enough . mccutcheon ( continue ) stop the car . Hull look at she . mccutcheon ( continue ) stop it ! he brake to a stop . she jump out , lean back in . mccutcheon ( continue ) no more launder , no more anything . I be finish with this . and she disappear into the night . elias watch she go . Hull resume drive . elias she know too much . we have to kill she . hull no ! she 's with I . she 's not go to talk . ( look at elias ) you touch she , I will kill you . elias she 's you responsibility then . Hull accept it . elias ( continue ) we be go to get the money now , John . enough for the new drug . we be go to be rich . we be go to be so rich that we be go to leave the world of ordinary people and go to a higher realm . I mean that . hull they be go to come after we . elias ( matter -of - fact ) it 's a hardball game . we be hardball player . ext . commercial STREET - east L.A. - night hernandez come out of a bodega with grocery , wine and a woman . he nuzzle she as he let she into he car . as he 's get behind the wheel , molto ( gallego ' guard ) stop the door from close . the conversation be entirely in spanish . hernandez it be not my fault . molto it never be . he shoot he in the head . hernandez slump against the wheel . the woman scream . molto walk away . ext . a apartment complex / int . betty' apartment - dawn Hull find a door , push the buzzer . Betty look through the glass . she 's afraid of he . mccutcheon do not kill I . I be not go to talk . I swear . please . then she look closer and see not murder in he face , but need . she open the door . without a word , he gather she to he . she can not resist he now . her mouth be everywhere on he . int . her bedroom - dawn Betty gasp in the wake of pleasure , turn she face away from he , she feel so expose . mccutcheon do not look ... she hide she face in he neck . int . same - later they lie in each other 's arm , relaxed together for the first time . a wonderful , unprotect openness . hull ( softly ) tell I about you . mccutcheon ( half -kidd ) everything worth know you just find you . he laugh . they begin to make love again . suddenly : a extra hand stroking Betty 's hair . she gasp . a gun in Hull 's ear . another in she face . gun all around . hull do not hurt she . hand pull he out of bed , leave she there alone . we see molto , two or three other . ext . a cemetery - morning ramon gallegos lay a bouquet of white lilly on a grave . he kneel , whisper a prayer , cross himself . he rise and walk to where molto and the other guard hold Hull and elias . gallego be in he thirty , more european than barbosa . he have a distinctly mild manner . elias who 's grave ? a impudent question , but elias seem strangely bright - eye despite the gun hold on he . gallegos my wife 's . she die of leukemia three year ago . ( look around ) I like to be among the dead . they never interrupt you . ( turn to they ) Felix barbosa start out as a skinny fourteen - year- old fuck yankee businessman in bogata hotel . he grow up . he make himself strong and rich , but get there make he sick , and that kill he . so he lose everything for the same reason he would get it in the first place . now we will see if you can do as well . a priest go by greet gallego who respond warmly . they chat a minute in spanish . the Priest leave . gallegos ( continue ) Felix owed I one million eight hundred thousand dollar . he address this to Hull ; elias feel leave out . gallegos ( continue ) when you kill he , you buy the debt ; now you owe it to I ; you get to keep thirty percent , like he do . you have three day . gallego turn to leave . hull who do barbosa collect from ? gallegos if you do not know , you should not have kill he . he notice Hull 's earring : two tiny dice , the spot make of minuscule jewel . unembarrassed , he finger it . gallegos ( continue ) cute ... can I have that ? without wait for a answer , he yank it out of Hull 's ear and walk away , leave Hull bleed through he finger before a stone cross . ext . a ghetto STREET - night a club on the corner . through a window we see a rap act on the stage , they music pump out onto the street . Hull pull up in a jaguar . he and elias go through a door adjacent to the club . int . build hall / int . gopher be room - night the music be still audible here , though muffle . elias and Hull be push at door gopher be try to hold close . gopher I do not want you in here . you kill the man , and I love he . I do not want to have anything to do with you . elias kick it open , and they enter gopher 's tiny , miserable domain . he 's wear some sort of negligee and a immense naked woman fill he bed . we still hear the muffled music . gopher ( continue ; apoplectic ) I be a sixty - three - year - old man ! I be a grandfather ! would you hit a sixty - three - year - old white man ? would you hit you own grandfather ? elias ( slap he against wall ) listen , you fuck monkey , you know who owed he money , and we know you know . tell we or -- Hull pull he off . elias be angry . they struggle . hull he will tell we . gopher , just ... meaning : deal with I or deal with elias . gopher you can not tell anyone it be I . the music continue over the follow sequence : int . crack house - day elias argue with a dealer . he slap he around . tight on hand money be exchange . the money be stuff in a satchel . int . a law office - day a well - dress lawyer ( 30' ) talk with client , a distinguished couple in they 60' . the door bang open and a secretary be unable to restrain Hull and elias as they charge into the room . the lawyer be up on he foot , but Hull shove he around as elias politely explain to the client that this will only take a moment . tight on satchel Hull 's hand thrust more money in . it 's get full . int . a motorcycle repair shop - night a biker in leather on hand - and -knee spitting blood onto the cement floor . Hull stand over he , fist clench . int . a car trunk a satchel stuff with money be latch , set next to another latch one . a third be open , money and jewelry dumped in . ext . STREET - night Hull look into the trunk . elias be beat . hull where the hell be all the money ? we be still a million short . elias I gotta get laid . hull David , we have get thirty - six hour . elias ( slam trunk , move toward door ) pick I up at jacqueline 's in the morning . hull sooner than that . elias get in the car and drive off . Hull turn and a dark american sedan pull up alongside . carver behind the wheel . carver ( a order ) get in . int . car - night hull ( as he get in ) what be you do here ? you be go to get I kill . carver peel away fast . he 's very angry , frighten , too , but that 's hide . carver where the hell have you be ? hull do my job . there 's a indifference to carver 's authority we have not hear before . Hull be not even aware of it , but carver be . carver you violate a direct order to stay away from that bust . as a result , a police informant be dead , a state senator be critically injure in the tunnel pile up and a city policeman be subsequently murder . hull I do not blow my cover . carver do not get smart with I , motherfucker . hull do not be a shmuck , Gerry . I be talk to gallego . I be collect he money . we can set he up right now . ( note : carver arrive somewhere and park . to be discuss , but let 's say , for now , that we be : ) ext . santa monica parking structure - overlooking ocean - night they get out of the car . carver take out a flask , have a drink , offer it to Hull who decline . carver never have , never will . ( put the flask away ) I want you to give I you gun . you be come in right now . hull ( do not understand ) come in where ? carver you assignment have be terminate . you be not go out there again . if I have to , I will put you in custody . hull ( uncomprehend ) I be go to have gallego in two day . carver say nothing . suddenly Hull understand . hull ( continue ) you be protect he . you be protect gallego . carver snort : ridiculous . hull ( continue ) no , of course . that 's why you want to bust elias and Betty . I be get close , and you want to cut this off then ... what be he , the new noriega ? help you fight commy , so you let he sell drug to the nigger . two bird with one stone . carver you violate order , so you be through . do not make a conspiracy theory out of it . hull ( laugh ) I be through ...? then , I might as well have a drink after all . surprise , carver reach for the flask . as he do , Hull grab he , push he out over the edge of the building , hold he there . hull ( continue ) now tell I the truth or they be go to decide you trouble get the best of you . carver struggle . Hull push he out farther . carver dangle . carver you be insane . hull all the more reason to do what I say . Jesus , ger , I be have trouble hold on ... carver all right ! hull say it ! carver it 's the State Department . Hull pull he back in . carver slump against the wall , drink greedily . Hull let he for a moment , then take the flask away . carver ( continue ) I tell you , gallego 's uncle be a big deal down there . hull guzman . carver guzman , right . we government support guzman because he 's a moderate . that 's a right - winger who 's pro-U.S. ( he do not like it either ) if gallego get bust here , it would hurt guzman 's political career there . it 's politics , John , not drug . hull drug be politics . Politics be drug ... ( sicken ) Christ , Gerry , I deal drug . I kill a man . other die . what do I do all this for ? for nothing . carver I be go to Washington , John . I will bring you with I . we will have clout , money ... hull ( outrage ) I do not do this for clout or money . you say we be gonna do some good . carver we try . hull try 's for college boy . ( he head on fire ) if all there be be power and money ... if all there be ... then what be I do here ? ' Cause I can get more power and money out on the street , I get more there already , than I would ever get kissing you ass in Washington ... carver but you can not do that , John . it 's not you . hull I ? there be no I . we take care of that . first I be a cop pretend to be a dealer . now I be just a dealer pretend to be a cop . why not stop pretend ...? quit the force . be a dealer . carver it 's not that simple . hull my assignment 's already terminate . all I have to do be quit . I hereby quit . ( lift the flask ) my first one . ( drink ) not so bad . he slip the flask in he pocket , get in the car , start engine . carver do not blow you cover . Hull drive off , leave carver alone on the roof . int . betty' apartment - night she let he in , see the distress in he face . mccutcheon what 's the matter ? he shake he head , drop onto the couch . he take out the flask , offer it to she . she shake she head . hull who be you , my mother ? he laugh , take a drink . she 's surprised , say nothing . mccutcheon tell I . hull tell you what ? mccutcheon what you come to say . hull what do I come to say ? mccutcheon then tell I anything . something about you . something real . hull ( long beat ; another drink ) when I be young , I occasionally steal thing . ( laugh to himself ) my father die when I be ten . right in front of I . the revelation be so sudden it surprise Hull as much as Betty . hull ( continue ) heart attack . he just fall down . he say , " I love you , " then die in my arm . mccutcheon oh , baby ... she hold he , and he let himself be hold . mccutcheon ( continue ) tell I what 's go on , John ? hull ( do not want to talk about that ) you be not do the stuff anymore , be you ? pull playfully at she nose . mccutcheon no . do not change the subject . hull how be that ? mccutcheon it 's hard . John ...! hull ( try to tell without tell ) thing be get , they be get a little ... confusing . I have certain plan , and people have not come through exactly as they promise . mccutcheon what do you expect with that people ? hull ( laugh ) it 's not just that people . it 's ... it 's bigger than that . it 's of everybody . present company exclude . mccutcheon you have get to stop this , John , you know that . you gotta get out . hull I can not . mccutcheon of course , you can . hull ( almost angry ) no ! this be what I be suppose to do . mccutcheon suppose to ? who say you be suppose to ? hull the whole fuckin ' world . you think I do not try something else ? but everything funnel you right back here . like it 's where you have to go all along . mccutcheon but you know what you be do , do not you , sell this stuff ? do to we own . hull if I try to get out now , they would kill I . mccutcheon ( torture ) I can not be with somebody 's who involved in drug . he nod . he know . he 's even happy about it . but she will not yield . finally he get up and walk back out the door . ext . gopher' build - 4 a.m. the neighborhood be reminiscent of the one where Joe Stevens sr. be kill . the rap club still pump music onto the 4 a.m. street where whore , junky , child , teenager with beeper and nike , welfare mother roam as if it be daytime anywhere else . they eye , yearn , sullen , vital , hopeless and hope stare at ... hull everyone know what he be : the Black man with the Big car . they do not remember when he be just another hustler make street busy . now they hate he , revere he , want to be he , not caring what it entail . every eye follow as ... he and elias cross the street toward gopher 's door . Hull 's eye do not go right or leave . he 's a drive man now . int . gopher be room - night gopher have just be rouse from sleep . a light in he face , Hull and elias loom over he . hull there have get to be more . we have a million two , we owe gallego one eight . gopher I tell you everyone . everyone who owed he , everyone he ... one eight ? he 's lie . barbosa barely owed he a million . Hull and elias look at each other . int . betty' store - morning taft be show she photocopy of phone bill , bank transaction , invoice . she 's obviously upset . taft I get every money transfer , every phone call , all you laundry ticket . mccutcheon ( miserable ) what do you want ? taft John Hull . mccutcheon I can not ! taft or you will go away ' till you be a dry up old woman , and when you come out , be not nobody gonna want you . she cover she face . ext . east L.A. STREET / int . car - day elias drive a car we have not see before and snicker to himself at some private joke . hull what be you laugh at ? elias shake he head : nothing . he laugh . they pull into the lot beside a movie theater . int . theater - day a technicolor Spanish melodrama be wind to its lurid end . a door in back open , and a burst of daylight reveal Hull and elias be bring in by a guard and meet by molto . molto and the guard frisk they , take they gun and money satchel , make they wait a moment until ... the movie end . the house light come on revealing Ramon gallego as the only spectator in the theater . he beckon . molto and the guard bring Hull and elias down the aisle to he . gallego look in the satchel . a tense moment . hull it be not one eight . ( off gallego ) it 's a million one . that 's all barbosa owed , it 's all we be pay . gallego be stern for a moment , then laugh . gallegos Big brass ball . collect money make you strong . everybody relax . gallego scribbles something on a piece of paper , hand it to the guard who feed it into a fax machine . elias what 's that ? gallegos I be tell we supplier they get pay . they will be very happy . I be happy . elias and we be happy . everybody 's happy . it 's a happy world . elias seem a bit mad , but no one mind . he and Hull be ready to go . he gesture to molto , want he gun back . gallegos so , how can I express my gratitude for a job well do ? elias we want barbosa 's business . gallego gesture to molto to give they the gun . gallegos done . of course . elias and , also , you business . all this . you money , you dope , everything . Hull look at elias ; what 's go on ? gallegos ( smile ) you be tougher than I think , but not that tough . elias how tough be enough ? he bring up the gun and shoot gallego in the head . Hull and the guard be freeze . then everyone go for a gun . elias shoot the guard . Hull have he gun to molto 's head and scream at elias : hull no ! meaning do not shoot he . but elias have no intention of do so . elias ( breathless ) thank you , John . I could not have do that without you . hull ( barely able to speak ) Jesus Christ ... he can not believe it : the guy he 's be after the whole time be dead on the floor . elias you teach I to take my work seriously . hull what 's go on here , David ? elias we be take over . hull you be do too much stuff . elias no , I be very clear . I be very , very clear . ( to molto ) ahora , usted nos assistamos . enteindo ? molto nod . ext . theater parking lot / int . car - day Hull , elias and molto get into they car . molto be recalcitrant . elias pistol whip he . Hull stop he . ext . san fernando valley / int . car - day the car pass through a development of suburban home . they enter a driveway . two boy play in the yard . elias ( to molto ) donde esta ? molto be silent . elias fire a bullet right between he foot . molto jump . the boy turn . Hull grab the gun away . we feel the toll elias 's madness be take on he . hull what the fuck 's the matter with you ? elias it work , John . it work . and , indeed , molto be point to a winnebago park at the rear of the property . ext . rear of property - day winnebago . with a tire iron , Hull snap off the padlock that hold the rear door close . he open the door . money gush out . he slam it close . hull Jesus ... he , elias and molto be on hand and knee scoop it up . same - later molto tie to a tree . elias be give he instruction while , strangely , remove molto 's shoe and sock . elias ( to molto ) disce a senor guzman que ... ( he Spanish be not good enough ) ... that we have he money , and we be willing to talk as soon as he come to town . we will know how to reach he . okay ? molto just glare at he . elias smile , take the shoe and sock and all the content of molto 's into the winnebago , and he and Hull drive away , leave the car behind . ext. / int . a parking garage / int . winnebago - evening the winnebago enter the garage , elias greeting the attendant , " hey , Frank . " Frank wave he in . the garage be fill with various rv . Hull pull the winnebago into a empty spot beside elias 's car and get out . elias remain in the cabin make calculation . elias approximate the cubic capacity and depend on the denomination of the bill , it 's somewhere between fifty million and two hundred million dollar . right back there . as he do , Hull check he gun , walk around behind the vehicle and prepare to shoot elias in the back of the head through the open window . elias finish he money report , and sit there as if unaware of Hull , but : elias ( continue ; not turn around ) think I be crazy ? hull yes . ( blow up , gun still on he ) I can not believe you get we into this . all of fuck Latin America be go to be after we ass , include renaldo guzman who 's friend with fuck George Bush . elias I know they be come after we . I want they to . we will give they the money , but we will make a deal for ourselves . we will get what we need for the synthetic drug . I have think it all out . I have be think it out for year . Hull uncock the gun , rub it against he burn face . elias turn around , embrace he . elias ( continue ) we be go to have everything . do not you want everything , John ? hull they be go to get you family , David . they will kill you wife and daughter . elias ( serene ) Nancy and miranda leave the country two day ago . hull you know about this then ? elias smile . hull ( continue ) what about Betty ? ext . betty' jewelry shop - evening a car squeal to a stop . molto and three thug smash through the glass door . they disappear into the store where thing can be hear breaking . they emerge a moment later , jump into the car . ext . synagogue - evening Hull 's car race up . he jump out , dash toward the building . int . synagogue social hall - evening forty people on fold chair . Hull enter on a dead run . he stop short when he see : betty at the front . he signal to she , but she 's already say : mccutcheon hi , my name be Betty . everyone in the room hi , Betty ! mccutcheon my name be Betty , I be a drug addict . and I have be clean for nineteen day . the room burst into applause . she see Hull at the back ; he signal to she , but she go on . mccutcheon ( continue ) I have be use drug and sell they , and I have want to stop for a long time , and the only way I do be because I meet a man I love and who love I . I know that 's not what I be suppose to say . I be suppose to say there be a higher power , and maybe there be , behind it all , but this man be strong and he love make I strong enough that I could start , or at least think about a life that do not have drug in it ... she 's look right at Hull as she speak . he 's tear between the danger he know she 's in and he emotion at what she 's say . ext . synagogue - evening Hull hurry Betty toward he car . she 's protest . mccutcheon I have get to get clothes . hull you can not go back . int . hull condo - evening molto and man pour through it . in frustration , molto smashes the table Hull have fuss over when elias put he foot up . ext . motel courtyard - night Hull and Betty hurry toward he room carry shopping bag , a newly buy suitcase . they see ... cop they freeze , turn , ready to bolt . but more cop behind they . a panic , yet no one 's come after they . they walk on . the cop be go into and come out of belinda 's room . int . belinda be room - night the fat blonde woman be talk to a policewoman . James sit on the bed stare at ... belinda who lie dead on a floor litter with crack vial . Hull pick up a vial , hold it up to the blonde woman with a question . blonde woman ( nodd ) she get a fever and just burn up . she just burn up all of a sudden . it must have be bad stuff . mccutcheon ( indicate James ) he should not be here . blonde woman ( take he hand ) come on , James , we will go get a burrito . the boy allow himself to be lead out . Betty look at Hull who 's in a private hell . ext . courtyard - night Hull and Betty be about to enter Hull 's room . the door be ajar . int . hull be room - night taft stand at the dresser . he 's find Hull 's collection of memorabilia and be look at the photo of he child . taft cute kid ... hull ( angry at the invasion ) give I that . he snatch away the photo , but not before Betty see it . she reach out she hand . he reluctantly turn it over to she . taft tell I something , who the fuck be you ? Hull do not answer , collect the rest of he thing , include the bloody money , stuff it back in the envelope . taft ( continue ) ' Cause I do not think you be quite the asshole you be try to be . hull look , Mr. taft , that 's you name , right ? leave I alone . I get thing on my mind . taft I would think you would . you better have you goddamn life on you mind , or it 's gonna get away from you . it 's gonna burn up like that poor woman across the way . like all of you 's gonna burn ... hull and what do you do , Mr. taft , except chase bad guy up and down the street with you dirty partner , never catch anybody important ? taft I do what I can . do you do what you can ? ( Hull say nothing ) maybe my partner be dirty . maybe the chief 's dirty . and the mayor . and the President . maybe God himself 's take something on the side . that 's they problem . but I will bust them if I can . hull ( without force ) get out of my room . taft do not deny who you be . he leave . Hull turn to Betty who be still hold the photo of he child . he gently take it , look at it , seem to draw both succor and pain from it . he get out carver 's flask and try to drink , but it 's empty . hull they be my child . they live in Cleveland with they mother . I be divorced from she . I have not see they in ... some time . I want to , but I have not be able to arrange it . mccutcheon how much else do not I know about you ? hull ( try to make a joke ) everything else ... everything else be ... I do not know . mccutcheon taft have all the evidence about my launder . Hull 's upset . mccutcheon he 's go to put I in jail for a long time unless I give you up . hull do it . mccutcheon I can not . so , I have get to get away . Far away . but I need money . hull ( laugh ) money ? I get money ... he empty he pocket of all that gush out of the winnebago , empty a satchel as well until it fill the room like snow . ext . motel - night Hull put Betty into a airport limousine . hull ( to the driver ) International terminal . ( to Betty ) I will meet you there in a week . she kiss he . he 's about to close the door . she stop it . mccutcheon you know the first time , when I see you in the bar ...? hull ( smile at the memory ) you would not even look at I . mccutcheon ' Cause I know what you be think . you be judge I . hull no , I be not , I be ... mccutcheon you be . you eye be like a angel in my heart tell I I should be good , and I do not want to hear it . this news startles Hull , yet , strangely , he sense its truth , and the sweetness be more than he can bear . mccutcheon ( continue ) that 's you , too . maybe this be you , I do not know , but I know that 's you . she close the door . the car pull away . in a unmark car up the street , taft pick up the radio . ext . a latin american consulate - day a limousine pull into the gate and disgorge renaldo guzman , 55 , and he wife , 25 . they be show into the consulate . the limousine pull out onto the street and park . gopher appear , knock on the driver 's window . it come down . they chat briefly in Spanish . gopher open up a cellular phone . int . a HOTEL room - santa monica - day overlook the ocean . Hull pace nervously , elias relaxed , read the paper . hull what if we forget all this ? take ten million each and disappear . leave the country . New identity , new life ... elias what 's the matter , John ? have doubt ? hull yeah . a phone ring . elias pick up he own cellular . elias yes ... where ?... no ! no way ... we pick the time and place ... otherwise no meet ... ( look to Hull who nod he agreement ) get a pencil ? ext . consulate - limo - day gopher hand a piece of paper to the limo driver . he walk away ... around the corner as he 's about to get into a car , taft grab he . gopher be surprised and not pleased . ext . parking garage - night where Hull and elias leave the winnebago . guzman 's limo approach . Frank , the attendant , wave it on . int . garage - night the limo climb the ramp until it come to elias 's car , park where the winnebago be ; the winnie be nowhere in sight . the limo pull alongside . Hull and elias get out . molto get out of the limo . then renaldo guzman . elias we have a proposal to make . we regret what happen to you nephew ... guzman say what you have to say . elias we all know that you cousin 's business be come to a end . cost have climb while profit and the market -- guzman wave : get to the point . elias ( continue ) we have develop a new product : simpler , cheaper to manufacture , superior quality and completely synthetic . therefore , no grow , no refining , no peasant , no import , no custom agent ... here 's a detailed prospectus with anticipate cash flow and so forth . he hand a copy to guzman and the lawyer . guzman ( to molto , teasing elias ) the racist Americans just want to cut we poor hispanics out of the market . elias there be no Americans anymore , Mr. guzman , you know that . no hispanics , no japanese , no black , no white , no anything . there be only rich people and poor people . we be rich , so we be on the same side . ext . garage - night taft with gopher in he car . taft do they have money in there ? gopher I do not know . taft they would not meet here otherwise . gopher shrug ; a decision : taft pick up he radio . taft ( continue ) okay , everybody , here 's the play ... int . garage - night elias we be prepare to give you 80 % of the money . the remainder you invest in we business with proceed pay out accord to the figure there . he indicate the prospectus that guzman have be look through . guzman this look interesting . I would have to confirm everything , of course . do you have a sample of the product ? elias produce one . guzman gesture to molto . molto sample it . molto 's eye widen . molto buy it ! guzman where be we money ? elias hand he a key , point to a different winnebago . molto take the key , unlock the back : money . he signal okay to guzman . suddenly : siren . Police car wail into the garage . the thwack - thwack and sweeping light of a helicopter descend toward the roof ( though we never see the copter ) . guzman ( continue ; anger ) you set this up . hull they be after we , not you . everybody scatter . the garage be a labyrinth of cement stairwell , ramp , hundred of rv to hide between , under and so forth ... lot of noise , light , but mostly we see Hull and elias dodging here , avoid the action . int . another part of the garage - night molto catch between the light . he draw he gun . gunfire . he 's cut down . taft ( scream ) where be the rest of they ? ext . parking garage - night Cars with rotate dome light , but not many cop . Hull and elias emerge from a shadowy doorway and make they way at a casual pace beyond the perimeter of police car , quickly mingling with other spectator . they continue down ... ext . a quiet side STREET - night strol now . elias elate , uncontain joy . elias we do it . twenty million . twenty fuck million . we be go to have synthetics . we be gonna be rich . we be gonna ... Hull stop walk and just stand there . elias ( continue ) what 's the matter , John ? be happy . you whole life have just be solve . voice ( behind they ) stop ! Police ! in one motion , elias draw he gun , turn and fire . the figure go down . elias can not believe he hit he . Hull start toward the figure . elias ( head the other way ) John , where be you go ? taft -- on the ground . hull oh , Jesus , no ... he drop to he knee . blood ooze from taft 's chest . elias John , what the hell be you do ? let 's get out of here . Hull try to hold close the wound . the posture duplicate Hull with he die father . he feel for a pulse . for breath . hull ( distraught ) he 's die . elias let he die . let he die twice . come one . he pull at Hull who will not go . Hull do mouth - to-mouth . taft open he eye , look up at he . hull [ say to taft whatever a cpr - train policeman would say in this situation . ] ( to elias ) get help . elias be you kid I ? taft ( to Hull , get it ) oh , man , you be a cop . you be a cop , be not you ? hull ( with difficulty , as if against he will ) yeah , I be a cop . I be a fuck cop ... elias ( laugh ) oh , really ? where 's you badge ? hull I do not have one . I be undercover . get help , David . elias John , that 's a cop . he try to kill you . hull he do not know . elias oh , he do not know . I do not know . maybe you do not know . maybe you think you be a cop because ... because ... hull Drop the gun , put you hand against the car . spread you leg ... Police ! taft grunt once , stiffen . hull ( continue ) my God ! please ... the pulse be go . Hull begin to perform cpr . elias okay , let 's say you be a cop . be a cop . Hull keep do cpr . elias ( continue ) we have still get the money . we put it into Randy 's chemistry set . in five year we be worth five hundred million each , minimum . you will be one of the richest black man in America . richer than cosby . who give a shit how you get it ? you think the white one be honest ? Hull keep work on taft . elias ( continue ) be this asshole all that stand between you and greatness ? let I do you a favor . he put a gun to taft 's head and fire . in a reflex , Hull draw he own gun , shoot elias in the stomach . stun , he wobble backward a few step . sit on the street . elias ( continue ) gee , John , that 's kind of a extreme reaction . Hull be stunne he do it . and this finally attract the police who see a black man with a gun who just shot a white man . Hull go to elias who 's dead . a policeman pull he off , beat he with a gun . policeman Fucking nigger ... int . los angele county jail - day Hull , bandage , wear prison blue , walk with carver . hull what about guzman ? carver he vanish , thank God , or we would both be in deep doo-doo . at least you get gallego . hull elias do . and everything go on as before . carver that 's the drug game . plus a change ... I want you to come back to work for I . you will beat all charge on a technicality and go back to who you be . hull who be I , ger ? carver do anyone really know ? hull I have other thing to do . carver like travel ? tangier , maybe ? Hull look at he ; how do he know ? carver ( continue ) I be God , remember ? he beckon he . he walk he over to a cell . through a one - way window they see : betty alone in the cell , unaware she 's be watch . carver go back to work , she walk out of here . otherwise , she 's up on multiple count , and I will see to it the judge run they consecutively . Hull just look at he . carver shrug apologetically . int . another room absolutely white . not a window , not a stick of furniture . the only deviation be Hull in prison blue . the door open , Betty come in wear prison yellow . she sit on a nearly invisible chair . they know they be be watch . mccutcheon they want I to testify against you . I say I would not . hull you have to . it 's all set up . that 's how you be get off . she shake she head in cynical understanding . how difficult it be to get back to a honorable life . he take she hand . hull ( continue ; with difficulty ) my father do not have a heart attack . she look at he . hull ( continue ) he be shot robbing a liquor store . try to rob it . I lie about that . mccutcheon baby , why be you tell I this ? hull I have to start somewhere ... there be other thing you do not know ... a Iris shot - hull and betty Silent . kiss . beginning to make love . Hull extract himself , give the finger to the Pov and stuff a bit of tissue in the iris , block we view . ext . room - day carver take he eye from the now obscure peephole . ext . a cemetery - day a funeral . taft 's wife and child ( from the wallet photo ) leave the graveside with the rest of the funeral party . when everyone be go , Hull approach the grave . from he pocket , he remove the four blood - soak bill he father give he , and wedge this among the stem of flower that already cover the plot . he 's silent a moment , then he get up . he join carver who 's stand with Hull 's child . the kid each take he hand , they walk together . carver Betty walk out of court free this morning . that 's my side of the deal . hull ( to the child ) you two run on ahead . they do . Hull watch they go . carver her probation get revoke the minute you fuck up . I want you to stay away from she altogether . hull you know the difference between a black man and a nigger ? carver smile , shake he head . he like a good joke . Hull punch he so hard in the stomach that he go to he knee . hull ( continue ) the nigger 's the one who would even think about do what you tell he . he walk away . still on he knee , double over , carver whisper after he : carver do not blow you cover . fade out . the end