deja vu write by Bill marsilii & Terry rossio first draft May 17 , 2004 fade in : a child doll , floating face down in dark green water . it bob there , limb splay , hair wave in easy ripple . around the doll , reflection in the water : people walk along a pier , blue sky on a sunny day ... rise up to reveal : ext . orient point ferry dock - day fourth of July weekend . the dock cramme with people and vehicle -- row of car , rv 's and truck in line to board the Sea bride , a huge passenger ferry . it 's clearly the fourth : flag tie to car and stroller , ice cream and picnic basket , score of family with camera around they neck and kid in tow . a young girl , janice , look down over the railing . janice mommy , I lose my doll ... the young girl 's mother , beth , pull she away from the rail -- beth do not worry , baby , we will get you another one . ferry worker wave a military transport vehicle into the car deck through a open bow door . other car follow -- ext . ferry — forward SUN deck - day a group of elderly veteran with potbelly and thick glass greet several younger , long -haired vets with hug and backslap . a sign read : happy independence day ! orient point v.f.w. , post 7447 defending our country , serving our community . behind they , the sun deck fill with holiday passenger . kindergartner crowd the rail with they harry teacher , eager kid on a summer field trip . int . ferry - bridge - day the weatherworn ferry captain scan the harbor with cautious eye . behind he , the pilot glance at the ship 's clock . pilot five minute past the hour , sir . 2. the Captain nod . the Pilot sound the horn , throttles up -- ext . long island SOUND - day the Sea bride cut a wide wake as it churn past the orient Point lighthouse . as the ferry pass , we might notice a lone figure at the base of the lighthouse , watch the ship as it depart ... ext . long island SOUND - day well underway , the ferry pass a coast guard cutter . the cutter 's crew wave to the holiday crowd ; ferry passenger wave back . a fanfare strike -- ext . SUN deck - day a navy band -- two dozen sailor in dress white -- play a John Philip sousa tune for the passenger . above they hang a banner , ' welcome subase new london family !' nearby , a man in a wheelchair sit next to a kid ina stroller , both of they asleep . the young mother , Beth , hoist Janice up on she shoulder for a better look at the band . Janice laugh , delighted , the lose doll forget -—- int . restaurant deck - day filled with people -- read , play card , scolding they kid , eat hot dog . int . car deck — day over a hundred vehicle park end - to -end , on two level along the hull and down four center lane . a ferry worker lean against a school bus , catch a smoke on the sly . all 's quiet down here . then , from somewhere forward , a car radio start -- radio deejay ( v.0 . ) ( filter ) it 's ten forty - eight on Endless summer Sunday ... now let 's go back in time to 1964 and the Beach boy ! on Long Island 's 98 fm !! the open chord of the Beach boy ' ' do not worry , baby ' echo in the chamber , sounding almost ghostly . the ferry Worker look annoyed -- some idiot be go to have a dead battery . he walk toward the sound ... 3. a white ford explorer sit park on the second level hull ramp , its radio blaring as the worker approach . the beach boy ( v.o. ) ( filter ) well , it 's be building up inside of I for , oh I do not know how long ... I do not know why , but I keep thinkin’ somethin 's bound to go wrong ... the Worker cup he hand over he eye , peer into the passenger window -- that 's weird -- no key in the igni it one he walk around the back , check the license number , frown -—- the plate 's be remove . weirder . he glance in through the back window -- four orange barrel inside . he ponder that for a moment . because a moment be all he have ... the beach boy ( v.o. ) but she look in my eye ... and make I re-a-lize when she say -- the explosion tear through he so fast we do not even see piece , just white death blasting out in all direction -- ext . SUN deck - day the floor erupt under the crowd , obliterate the band , the passenger , Beth and Janice on she shoulder , everyone -- int . car deck — day the blast punch through the hull like a shotgun charge , blowing the forward car ramp clear off its hydraulics and out over the sound . the gape bow be open to rushing seawater -- burning car be swamp by the sudden tide -- the car deck be flooded in second -- ext . long island SOUND - day the entire ship lurch downward , the ship 's prow digging into the blue water as she main fuel tank rupture -- -- and the entire ferry , all four stories of her , be blasted apart in a cataclysmic explosion . huge chunks of hull , flame deck panel , a thousand rag fragment scatter over the water in a sudden apocalypse . ext . underwater - day Dust float down through the water , follow by debris , then a car ... two car , twelve car , more ... the song still play eerily as they pass ... the beach boy ( v.0o . ) do not worry , baby ... do not worry , baby ... everything will turn out all right ... more wreckage sink , fall past we , a nightmare , until the water turn black ... dissolve to : ext . disaster recovery site - day rain pour down . frenzy and hysteria -- body on stretcher be carry from the Coast Guard cutter . red cross and ems crisis team swarm the pier . news crews dodge ambulance truck -- shrieking local push forward , begging crowd control police for information -- cop -- we do not know yet , mar 'am , please , we do not know -- elderly woman my daughter 's on that ferry , oh God my daughter ! -- crying man just let we ask , maybe they be here , maybe someone see they -- paramedics pass by , revealing -- special agent doug carlin stand next to a black sedan , motionless amid the chaos , indifferent to the rain . mid -— thirty , a cold intelligence , Doug 's eye miss nothing : two police dog , lead by detective , sniff at a break , scorched life - preserver -- Doug 's eye shift . ambulance worker stand ready , but with nothing to do , helpless -- Doug register this , eye move on . a pair of coast guard crewmen try to console a group of navy cadet , several of whom be in tear . Doug look past the cadet -- near the dock , a shell - shocked woman be stand alone , lock lose as the chaos swirl around she . Doug notice -- a white satellite van creep along , come to a stop . it 's mark brookhaven national laboratory . Doug frown -- pryzwarra ( 0.s. ) agent minuti ! Doug turn . another agent , andrew pryzwarra , stand there , notebook over he head against the rain . pryzwarra ( cont 'd ) be you Larry minuti ? he step toward Doug , smile . doug no. Larry be my partner . pryzwarra Andy pryzwarra , New York field Office . where 's Larry ? doug on vacation for the fourth . pryzwarra not anymore . the Bureau 's call back half the eastern seaboard on this one . I be sorry , you name ? doug Doug carlin . pryzwarra 's smile fade . pryzwarra ah. carlin , right . evidence recovery . we need you back at the field office , and you partner if you can find he . Doug nod , continue scan the area . pryzwarra look out . pryzwarra quite a scene , huh ? what be you look for ? doug anything that do not belong . pryzwarra register the rebuff . he look out -- nearby , the shell - shocked woman be still stand alone , cry in the rain . pryzwarra start to move toward she : pryzwarra miss ? be you -- doug do not . pryzwarra I be just -- I be go to get she a blanket or something . doug each of this people be a piece of evidence . and we do not touch evidence . Doug resume he surveillance . pryzwarra watch he . pryzwarra damn , that 's cold . doug it 's not we job to care about this people . it 's we job to catch the one who do this . the sudden muffle sound of a cell phone . both man turn -- they be stand near a line of body laid out by paramedics . the cell phone ring again , inside one of the body bag . never to be answer . Doug stare at it . then he turn away , back toward he car . pryzwarra stare at the body bag , cell phone still ringing . pryzwarra Jesus . doug's sedan move through the crime scene , pass by -— - a large man in jeans and T-shirt stand at the open door of the white brookhaven van . he juggle a backpack , cell phone , and umbrella . his name be gunnar . gunnar open he umbrella . then extract a odd -look pair of high - tech night -vision style goggle from he backpack . gunnar put they on , scan the area , look this way and that , like some giant bug -ey fish on land . he come close to camera , talk into he cell phone , speak low -- gunnar nope. empty . totally empty . ( beat ) I do not see a soul ... he move off ... and past he , of course , be car , truck , emergency worker yell , victim ' family member cry ... +e. the place be full of people . int . FBI office - corridor - day Doug move along amid a swirl of activity : ringing phone , analyst and assistant rush between desk , the frenzy of a crime unit in the wake of a national disaster . Doug 's assistant , donnelly , fall in step alongside he . doug , have minuti call in yet ? donnelly he 's not answer he cell , we leave he a message at home -- Doug be already dial he own cell phone . donnelly hand he something : donnelly ( cont 'd ) -- and here 's yours from last night . say , do that girl ever get ahold of you ? she sound cute . doug what girl ? donnelly ( a beat , then he laugh ) right , right ... donnelly walk away , smile . Doug glance at the message -- doug whose number -- what be this , a candy wrapper ? donnelly ! recording ( v.0 . ) ( from Doug 's phone ) ' this be Larry minuti . I can not come to the phone now -- ' ' a secretary wave from she desk : secretary doug! Suffolk County on line one , they pull a body out of the water and want you to coordinate a profile ! doug ( under he breath ) already ... ( call ) take a message , Kathy ! ( the phone beep ) Larry , it 's Doug ! vacation 's over , buddy . get you ass in here , there 's work to do . int . FBI office - conference room - day close on : special agent in charge ( sac ) jack mccready , seat at a crowded conference table . a impose man , he read from loose page , tough word come from a gentle face -- mccready at approximately 10:50 this morning , the passenger ferry Sea bride explode in the water of Long Island sound , seven mile southwest of New London , Connecticut . early estimate place the number of casualty at eight hundred and forty - three man , woman and child . shock and anger from that present . Doug enter at the back , unnotice and unimportant . stand room only , he look over the shoulder of two taller agent to see -- mccready Men , lady -- this happen on July fourth . the Sea bride be carry serviceman and they family to a special event at groton sub base . we consider this a deliberate act of terrorism against the United States navy . the President concur with we assessment . mccready shuffles to a new piece of paper -— - mccready uh , I be also tell that someone claim to be a Federal agent steal a ambulance out of brookhaven Medical last night . so whoever take it , just leave the key on my desk , and there will be no question ask . polite laughter from the room . Nice try , boss . mccready folk , this be a perfect act of terrorism . there be no baggage check , no flight data recorder , maximum casualty , and all the evidence be under 90 foot of seawater . do not overlook anything . int . FBI office - later Doug be at he desk rush through a phone message , candy wrapper in hand : doug ( into phone ) this be special agent Doug carlin return you call , the number here be 516-753-0130 -- secretary ( call out ) doug! Suffolk County on line one again . they still need a profile for that floater -- doug . they do not need a profile , just have ‘em bag it and -- shit , never mind -- ( he punch the line ) sheriff reed ? sheriff ( v.0 . ) ( over the phone ) agent carlin , I know you have get you hand full right now ... doug that 's okay , tell I what you have . sheriff ( v.0 . ) couple of kid find a woman face down in the water off plum Island -- she 's get burn over 80 percent of she body , just totally black -- doug you be gonna see a lot of that over the next few week , sheriff . we be still set up a e.c.c. just have crime scene bag it for we and -- sheriff ( v.0 . ) already do . body 's on its way to the m.e. right now . 10 . doug it 's on its -- ? ( what ? wait a minute ...) crime scene 's already be there ? sheriff ( v.0 . ) be and go . and now Doug give this he full attention , because something be definitely not right : doug sheriff ... exactly what time do this woman wash up on shore ? sheriff ( v.0 . ) kid call it in at ... ten forty - two a.m . doug you mean eleven forty - two . sheriff ( v.0 . ) no , ten forty - two . get the sheet right in front of I , and get my read glass on , too . Doug ponder that for a moment . then : doug which m.e .? int . suffolk county medical - autopsy room - day sterile , metal , white . the medical examiner lean over a autopsy table , eye close , almost in prayer . he whisper to the form under the sheet : m.e . my name be Doctor Philip vavala . tell I . that ritual observe , he gently pull the sheet away -- -- revealing the charree blue body of a young woman , wear what use to be a pretty summer dress . she stare up at we - — - cold , angelic , dead . Doug stare at she , stand a few foot back . the m.e. gesture he closer , as if to say , ' come take a look . ' Doug move to the woman 's side -- suddenly she turn to look straight into he eye . the m.e. have roll she head to one side . 11 . m.e . ( cont 'd ) ( into a hang mike ) this be the body of a adult female , caucasian , in she late twenty or early thirty . Weight of the body be 78 pound resident , 64 inch in length ... Doug stare at the dead woman 's face , entrance . her eye be lifeless , skin pallid , lip bluer than ice . under the circumstance she can not possibly be beautiful -- but she once be . the kind of beauty that grow on you . m.e . ( cont 'd ) immediately evident be heavy focal charr of the limb and torso ; anterior chest , face and neck be intact though swollen from apparent immersion in seawater . the m.e. glance along the woman 's arm , down to she hand . frown . pick up a Polaroid camera . indicate to Doug -- m.e . ( cont 'd ) would you hold that up for I please ? Doug blink -- who , I ? he gingerly take the woman 's blacken hand , lift it off the table . as the m.e. aim the camera , Doug look down at the hand rest in he own : all five finger have be shear away , leave rag stump . Doug look away . several flash as the m.e. snap photo . m.e . ( cont 'd ) each digit of the leave hand have be severe between the middle and distal phalange -- angle of shearing indicate a single sharp force trauma , possibly cause by shrapnel ... Doug look back to the woman 's face . he notice a single blue pearl earring in one ear . he glance at she other ear -- pierce but empty . m.e . ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) 's + posterior charr give off a strong diesel odor , suggest perimortem immersion in burn fuel . 12 . a odd , hypnotic look come over Doug -- almost as if he know she . he bring he hand up to the woman 's face ... until the tip of he finger rest softly on she lip . m.e . what be you do ? Doug do not seem to hear . he bring he finger off the woman 's mouth -- she lip stick lightly to he fingertip . m.e . ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? doug do you have a UV gun ? m.e . second shelf behind you . Doug go to the shelf . intrigue now , the m.e. move to the head of the table , turn off the overhead lamp . Doug bring a hand -held ultraviolet gun to the table . aim it at the woman 's face , pull the trigger -- -- illuminate a wide band of chemical residue across she mouth and cheek , glow like yellow neon . the shape be a perfect rectangle . m.e . ( cont 'd ) Duct tape ... Doug nod . they stare at the dead girl 's mouth . doug what 's that stippling ... see that ? he point : within the band of tape residue , numerous trace particle stand out under the light like tiny star . the m.e. bring the magnify lamp over , lean in for a closer look -- m.e . adhesive probably retain some substance against the seawater -- the woman 's eye suddenly sparkle ; light spill across the body from a OPEN door . a local cop step in -- local cop we may have a name . miss person have a ' Claire kuchever ' report miss this morning , when she do not pick up she parent at JFK . the report 's be fax . Doug nod . turn back to the body . 13 . doug Claire ...? no answer , of course . doug ( cont 'd ) Doctor , I want you to perform a full autopsy . pretend you never hear about a ferry explosion -- concentrate on time and cause , full spread of lab test , everything . m.e. absolutely . Doug pick up the Polaroid camera , center it on the woman 's face . he hesitates , look at she almost apologetically ... then aim the camera again , hold it there . a flash -- ext . house - evening Wood porch , nice lawn , mailbox by the fence . the rain have become a constant drizzle , a grey tarp over the scene . Doug sit in he car , look out at the house , reluctant . int . parent house - live room - evening a shriek of pure grief . claire' mother be cry hysterically ; claire' father rock and hush she , weep himself . they cling to each other on the couch . on the coffee table in front of they rest the Polaroid photo of they daughter , dead on a autopsy table . Doug pick up the photograph , wait quietly as Claire 's parent try to cope . claire' mother oh GOD ! I be so mean to she on the phone ! oh Claire ! I be sor-ry ... claire' father no - no - no , shh , shhhh ... claire' mother it can not be . it can not . it can not ... Doug look away , uncomfortable , focus on the decor . his gaze come to rest on several frame photograph on the mantle . he notice one in particular -- a photo of a young woman : claire kuchever . pretty hair , a beautiful smile . the kind of beauty that grow on you . 14 . claire' father ( realize ) the ferry disaster . she be on the ferry . oh , god. doug we do not know yet , sir . but anything you can tell I about you daughter 's activity this weekend will help . claire' father ( barely hang on ) I do not know , she -- she be suppose to meet we this morning , we have be away all week -- when she car be go , we think maybe she sell it -- she would be try to for awhile -- doug she life alone ? claire' father yes -- she fiancé break up with she in March . she want kid , but he do not . claire' mother ( barely audible ) she have a date ... doug what ? claire' mother ( sit up , sniffle ) a blind date . last night , on the phone , she tell I , she be go to go out . on a date . in Connecticut . her friend Beth set it up . doug Beth ? claire' father Beth Harris . Doug nod , mental note make . claire' mother Claire babysit she daughter , Janice , during the week sometimes ... oh God ! and she break again , weep convulsively . her husband hold she , give what comfort he can . 15 . doug we will , ah ... we will need a recent photo , and key to she house if you have they . they do not hear he anymore , lose in naked grief . Doug wait , profoundly uncomfortable . finally : doug ( cont 'd ) someone will be in touch . he get up to leave . ext . parent house - porch - day Doug come through the door -- suddenly Claire 's father reach for he arm . claire' father mister carlin ? doug Doug , please . you can call I Doug . claire' father listen ... Doug ... ( he struggle for word ) Claire ... write funny poem in she Christmas card . she love cary grant movie . she use to dance with she cat sometimes , she name it Ginger , you can guess why . ( a plea ) I know how this thing go , but please -.. I need she to matter to you . Doug blink , motionless . Claire 's Father hand he a photograph -- the one from the mantle -- and a set of key . Doug look at they . a wail of anguish from inside and Doug leck up -- and meet the eye of Claire 's Father . the door close . ext . claire' house - car - evening still light out , but barely . Doug stare through the windshield out at a tree-line street , a quaint one - story house . the driveway be empty . Doug pull a pair of plastic glove out of he pocket and get out of he car , approach the house . 16 . int . claire' house - live room - evening a key turn in the lock . Doug push the door , let it open and look into the house , not step inside . there , as if to greet he , stand in the center of a carpet , be a cat with black and white fur . doug hello , Ginger . the cat step forward ... then suddenly leap up into Doug 's arm ; he have no choice but to catch it . Doug be startle a moment , not sure what to do . then shrug , step inside , scratch the cat 's head . he look around -- the decor be feminine , invite , furnish with antique thoughtfully rescue from thrift shop and farmer ' market . Doug see a answering machine by the door , light blink . he set the cat down , pull a pen from he pocket , use it to press play . walk through the room as the tape rewind . a click , a beep : first message ( v.o. ) hi Claire , this be helen french at pennylane book . we be put together a Language Arts series for grade k through 8 , and I would like to see if you would do some illustration for we ! give I a call ! Doug come to Claire 's work area . page rest on the table , original color drawing of kid at a playground , a day at the circus , a schoolyard . one draw stand out : a color rendering of a EIGHT - year -old girl with braid . another beep : claire' father ( v.0 . ) hi , Claire , it 's dad . we flight get in at 8:05 tomorrow morning -- you mother ask I to remind you , do not stay out too late ... thanks , bye . Doug grimace . move to the fireplace -- next to it be a basket full of doll ( same type as the one we see float face down in the water ) . a beep , then a hang -up . Doug kneel to examine the toy . glance into the fireplace ... and see a single sheet of lavender stationery burn up in there , one corner intact . he touch the corner with he pen . 17 . another beep , another hang -up . Doug look up , and the cat leap out of he arm , race to the kitchen . another beep : beth ( v.0 . ) ( concerned ) Claire ? hi , it 's Beth , be you there ? I be sorry to call so late , but you say you be go to call I when you get home , and when you do not , I start to get worried -- -- there 's the ' click ' of someone pick up the phone : claire' voice ( v.0 . ) be this a joke ? Doug frown -— she sound distress -- beth ( v.o. ) what ? no ! I be worried about you , that 's all . how would the date go -- claire ( v.0 . ) I can not talk right now , someone 's here . I will call you tomorrow . beth ( v.0o . ) Claire -- ! the hang - up cut Beth off in mid-sentence . Doug go to the machine , hit rewind , then play again : claire' voice ( v.0 . ) be this a joke ? beth' voice ( v.o. ) what ? no ! I be worried about you , that 's all . how would the date go -- claire' voice ( v.0 . ) I can not talk right now , someone 's here . I will call you tomorrow . beth' voice ( v.0 . ) Claire -- ! Doug hit stop . he look away , think . suddenly there be a very loud meow from the kitchen . Doug smile -- int . claire' kitchen - evening Doug walk in , notice : on the table , two glass , fill with water . 18 . Ginger , the cat , be on the counter . she bump a rather absurd - lock tomato- shape cooking timer . rub up against a particular cabinet . use a glove hand , Doug open the cabinet . cat food . of course . he drop a handful of cat food into a dish for the starve cat . turn to the refrigerator -- a child crayon drawing be affix to the door ; we can make out the word ' janice harris , gr. 2 ' scrawle at the bottom . next to it : a newspaper ad for a ' White ford explorer , low mile , excellent condition . ' Doug glance up -- the freezer door be litter with word from a magnetic poetry kit . in the middle , a sentence : you can save her Doug stare at the word . pull out he notebook -- int . clatre' bedroom - evening Doug look in , notebook in hand . he survey the room . the bed be make but crumpled , as if somebody fall onto it . he step in -- and something crunch under he foot . look down : shatter porcelain on the floor . Doug kneel . drop of blood on the fragment . Doug look back at the bed . crumple -- as if somebody fall onto it . int . live room - evening Doug start the machine with he pen , take note as the rest of the message play : claire' mother ( v.0 . ) Claire , it 's you mother . we have be wait at the airport for forty minute now . if you be not come I hope you be send Beth or someone --. call we . we read Doug 's note , one under the other : car missing . ex - fiance . blind date in ct ( ferry ? ) late call , beth harris . fireplace note . kitchen message ( print ? ) struggle . blood . he add : " somfone's here . " circle it , close the pad . head for the hallway when he hear one last beep : doug be own voice ( v.o. ) this be special agent Doug carlin return you call , the number here be 516-753 -- 19 . Doug spin in a hammer shock of disbelief . then it come to he . he rip off one of he glove , dig into he pocket -- -- and pull out the candy wrapper with the phone number written on it . he hold the wrapper up to the machine , with he glove hand , press the annc button : claire' voice ( v.0 . ) hello ! this be 462-8423 . I be sorry I miss you call , but if you say something nice , I will call you back ! the number on the wrapper be 462-8423 . beep , click , silence . Doug stand in the middle of the room , stare at the dead girl 's telephone . ext . long island SOUND - night wreckage on the water , rotor in the night . search and rescue helicopter sweep the float debris with searchlight . a crane lift a submerge car from the sea -- ext . calverton hangar - tarmac - night television news crews make they report from a long row of satellite van . a troop truck carry navy dive team member roll past the giant hangar -- -- and past doug , who stand outside stare at the door , hesitate for some reason . he take a deep breath -- once , twice -- then hold it and open the door into -- int . calverton hangar - night a cavernous makeshift morgue . rows and rows of body bag lie across the floor await identification ; more be be laid out by FBI forensics team . a harvest of death under black plastic . Doug march past they , past a handful of police and family member move among the body , down the long center aisle . he pass a personal effect area : shred backpack , soak purse , a child 's blacken sneaker . he never break stride , do not look , keep move toward -- int . hangar - reconstruction area - night FBI crews and ntsb investigator have begin to reconstruct the ferry from recover debris . a flatbe truck back up bear a huge slice of hull like a giant rag melon rind . 20 . at a long table , several agent -- mccready and pryzwarra among they -- be gather around a collection of small piece of metal , none bigger than a quarter : agent stalhuth «+ . we early guess be that the bomb vehicle be a minivan or suv . possibly white or silver -- mccready make and model ? stalhuth no way to tell yet . brooks ( 0.8 . ) hey , I get a partial on the license plate ... all eye turn to agent brooks -- he hold up a tiny sliver of metal with a pair of tweezers and smirk . a few tired groan at the gallow humor . mccready turn back to stalhuth . mccready how long ? stalhuth look over the debris . stalhuth could be week . month . mccready check all suv and minivan register in the state , anything recently rent or purchase , anything tie to a theft or miss person report -—- doug ( 0.8 . ) agent mccready ? mccready turn -- Doug be there . doug I be agent carlin , lira evidence recovery -- mccready ( cold ) Douglas carlin . I remember you . Flight 800 investigation . the other agent look up at that . Doug blanch , stand he ground . pryzwarra wonder at they reaction , step forward : 21 . pryzwarra ( cont 'd ) hello , Doug . you have something ? Doug stare at the other , then to pryzwarra : doug this afternoon I witness the autopsy of a young woman who wash up off plum Island , with heavy fuel burn and trace of thermite powder on she face . she no also lose several finger in what appear to be blast damage . mccready catch the slight inflection : mccready ' appear . ' doug when I check the tide table against the position of the blast ... sir , this woman be kill at least two hour before the ferry explode . denny ( 0.s. ) before ? Doug turn to see a civilian approach the table : alexander denny . Black T-shirt , tennis shoe , long wispy hair . stand with the agent in they suit , he look like a craze genius scientist or a aging rock star . denny ( cont 'd ) you say she die before the explosion ? Doug blink -- who be this guy ? -- then : doug her name be Claire kuchever . her body wash up before the explosion and against the tide . Doug have everyone 's attention now . mccready be dubious , stare at he . pryzwarra you have a scenario ? doug I believe someone abduct she from she home , tape she mouth and wrist , then severe she finger -- probably because she have he DNA under she nail . ( more ) 22 . doug ( cont would ) then he burn she alive and dumped she into the sound , where she would appear to be just another disaster victim -- denny a disaster that have not happen yet . stalhuth ( to Doug ) you refer to the killer as ‘he . ' why not ' they ? ' doug I work evidence recovery as need . my main field be victimology . I believe we be look for a lone individual , most likely a paranoid sociopath . no group have claim responsibility ? pryzwarra shake he head ' no . ' mccready why this woman ? doug her suv be miss . it could have be steal to drive the bomb onto the ferry . ( check he file ) New York license chb 4470 . a white Ford explorer . the agent look down at the piece , then at each other -- yeah , that fit . Doug hold out he report to mccready . doug ( cont 'd ) something else ... the victim place a call to the Long Island field office the night before she be kill . denny 's eyebrow go up at this . mccready take the report . mccready thank you . we will look into it . ( Doug stand there ) thank you . Doug have be dismiss . he turn , walk away ... and notice for the first time a row of car park against the far wall . Doug stop and call back -- doug hey , where 's minuti ? pryzwarra what ? 23 . Doug indicate a particular car , park down the line : blue early model BMW . Boston Red Sox cap visible through the back window . a bumper sticker : white cane post 56 . doug my partner , Larry minuti . that 's he car . pryzwarra look ... then close he eye in a ‘aw , fuck 's expression . even mccready look solemn . mccready agent carlin ... that car be bring here from the ferry parking lot . vehicle that remain unclaim . ( a beat ) I be sorry . Doug stare at mccready as realization sink in . he look at the other agent ... none of they can meet he eye . Doug turn . walk away , between the row of body . denny watch he leave , thoughtful . denny May I see that report ? ext . calverton hangar - day Doug lean on the driver 's side window of he car , head down , not move . in the glass , the distort reflection of a army helicopter move past . Doug close he eye . mp ( 0.8 . ) agent carlin ? Doug open he eye . reflected in the glass be now the distort shape of two military police officer . Doug turn . one be tall and muscular . the other short and even more muscular . mp ( cont 'd ) would you come with we , please ? Doug regards they . they be serious , there to do a job . doug I have a choice ? the mp crack a smile . mp as a matter of fact , sir , no , you do not . 24 . int . holding room - day Doug sit in a straight - back chair in front of a empty desk . look like he 's be there a while . the room be dominate on one side by a long two - way mirror . Doug stare at it . the mirror seem to stare back . the door open . pryzwarra enter , sit down . pryzwarra I would guess you have get some question . doug for I to have question , first I would have to know something . pryzwarra grin . pryzwarra I have be put in charge of a newly create special investigative unit . we first case be the ferry bombing . I want you on the team . doug , why I ? pryzwarra you know the area . we need someone local , who also have the proper security clearance . Doug nod at the two - way mirror . doug that 's what you tell the people back there . why I ? pryzwarra smile , lean forward . pryzwarra I be a good field agent . but this investigation have ... unique requirement . we need someone who can take exactly one look at a crime scene and tell we what 's wrong , what 's miss , what we can ignore and what we should pursue . Doug frown . the mirror be still a strong , silent presence . pryzwarra lower he voice . pryzwarra ( cont 'd ) they will not say it , but you impressed the hell out of somebody . 25 . doug they tell you my history ? pryzwarra I be not worried about that . ( beat ) can not change the past , right ? ext . army helicopter - in flight - morning streak over mile of thick forest , crossing the Long Island pine barren . int . helicopter doug stare out the window , seat between two mps , silent . pryzwarra sit across from he . suddenly : pryzwarra you be gonna need this . he hand Doug a cardkey bear Doug 's name and photo . Doug regards the logo : doug . brookhaven ... home of the big particle collider ? pryzwarra that 's the one ! pryzwarra point -- Doug look out the window : ext . rhic - day - establishing the chopper streak over a wood rise to reveal -- the relativistic heavy ion collider , a massive , two - mile ring carve out of the Long Island pine barren . so vast it 's literally visible from space . doug okay , now I do have some question . int . humvee - moving - day Doug glance outside . the humvee roll past a guard checkpoint , onto what look like a college campus . stately brick building amidst stately oak tree . a brookhaven satellite van , the same he see arrive in the rain at the disaster site , pass by in the other direction . Doug take note of the van , stare ahead , thoughtful -- 26 . int . brookhaven - rhic magnet station - day pryzwarra lead Doug toward a three - story magnet array , where a group of engineer be make last - minute adjustment under denny 's direction . denny turn at they approach : pryzwarra Doug , this be Dr. Alexander denny . denny charme . we be about to open the window , hurry up . denny swipe he cardkey through a sealed security door -- int . rhic corridor Doug , pryzwarra and denny walk down a curve cement corridor . they duck under a air duct and some wiring . doug what be it that 's special about you special team ? pryzwarra really , it will be easier to show you than to tell you ... pryzwarra stop at a unmark door . he can not help but smile . pryzwarra ( cont 'd ) get ready for the world to change . he open the door -- revealing a janitor' closet . Doug glance in at the dusty clean supplies . pryzwarra ( cont 'd ) uh -- wrong door . denny ( amused ) this way -- Doug and pryzwarra follow denny around the ring to a second door ; it look very much like the first . denny pull it open . there be a slight whoosh as the seal be break -- int . brookhaven - MAIN lab - day Doug step through . revealed before he be -- the time window 27 . -- tall and wide , a sleek metallic frame , curve like a imax movie screen , suspend in mid-air . the area in front be cordon off by rail and yellow caution stripe . behind the impose structure be a very mundane brick wall ; they be in the basement of the facility . crowd around the time window be technician , monitor , console ; at once the high of high tech and a spaghetti mix of wire , cable and jury-rigged photon-push stuff . the steady low background hum of high voltage . denny slide into a open chair , pull a headset on . the chair next to he be empty . denny what be we wait for ? gunnar lean back from he console . we recognize he as the iman_wear the weird goggle at the disaster site . gunnar ready to rip . denny let ‘er rip . denny watch the monitor instead of the screen . Doug notice , mount above he console : a_small pink flyswatter . series of shot - all along the rhic the shunting array come alive as the magnet within be energize . component slide into place , extra power be route through the ring -- int . brookhaven - MAIN lab - day shanti , a female technician , call out : shanti symmetries not yet match . catch up in four , three , two , one ... okay , symmetry be match . in the window , the brick wall disappear as static resolve into a crystal clear image of the orient Point ferry dock . the ferry be there , unharme , intact . a bright sunny day . crowd of weekday commuter get on board . it 's as if the machine have rip open a hole in reality . Doug stare at the scene . turn to pryzwarra : doug be this video ? 28 . pryzwarra nope . denny where 's my audio ? gunnar remember that 's he job , scan he console . gunnar uh , compensate for audio delay , just a second -- suddenly a wall of SOUND hit they , loud -- people chatter , car revving as they drive forward , the ferry horn blaring . Doug and pryzwarra jump . gunnar ( cont 'd ) uh , now compensate for major technical blunder by idiot tech guy on the pre-set audio gain . ( over he shoulder ) sorry . he lower the sound . shanti we be lock . minus four day , six hour , three minute and forty - five second . Doug look up at the mission clock behind shanti 's console -- 07/01 08:25:05 am and count . he turn to pryzwarra again : doug digital re-creation ? pryzwarra ( smug ) nope . denny ( to gunnar ) the guy with the backpack , blue jacket . gunnar I be on he . Doug watch as gunnar manipulate the round spin control : horizontal , up / down , and forward / back . like the spin control use on a camera dolly , hook up to be read by computer . a rocker arm above adjust to different magnitude of movement . gunnar spin the control -- 29 . in the window : the view change , follow the man with the backpack through the crowd . Doug be astonished . doug you can not do that . you can not change the angle on video shot four day ago . pryzwarra you can not do this , either . keep you eye at the edge of the screen ... he pull Doug sideways , as Doug watch the screen -- doug be Pov : as he move sideways , more of the scene be reveal ; he can see ' around the corner ' of the window . Doug move he head back and forth , confirm the effect . he take in the room again , think . on screen : the man with the backpack meet up with he family . denny frown . denny not we guy . back to general surveillance . denny toss he headset aside , come over to Doug : denny ( cont 'd ) all right , Doug . let 's get you up to speed -— doug you have develop a work time window . you can look into the past . from the look of thing its a prototype machine , develop on limited fund -- ( slight smile ) -- probably no more than ten billion . you be use it as a investigative tool , try to find a clue to the identity of the ferry bomber . denny and pryzwarra be impressed . doug ( cont 'd ) the only thing I do not understand be why you be look at four day ago , and not yesterday when it happen . pryzwarra we can only look back four day . ( neds at mission clock ) four day , six hour and change . ( more ) 30 . pryzwarra ( cont would ) but that 's it . no more , no less . we can not see ten minute ago -- gunnar we can not look back and see if there be a second gunman -- denny we can look anywhere . but the when be always four day ago . a single trail moment of ' now ' in the past . Doug think a moment . doug so -- three day from now -- you will be able look back to -- yesterday . ( realize ) you will be able to see the explosion , see who do it . you will see he as he do it . denny yes . pryzwarra but three day could be too late . the guy might have leave the country by then . or he might strike again . we need to do what we can now . Doug look up at the screen . he look at the window , at the people in the crowd . denny we know he 's back there , somewhere , plan this . we just need to know where to look . ( to Doug ) so -- agent Doug carlin . where do we look ? Doug sit down in the chair next to denny -- doug Claire 's house . ext . claire' house - afternoon numerous FBI vehicle be park in front of Claire 's house . a brookhaven satellite van pull up behind they and park , idling . 31 . int . brookhaven - MAIN lab in the time window : the view tilt down at the ground ... then pull back up into the air . quickly a good section of the state of New York can be see below . shanti type . on her monitor , a grid appear over a video feed of the scene . superimpose be various circle that show the range of the time window . a small dot appear on the edge of the large sphere . shanti within range . denny go . in the time window : the view plummet down to finda residential housing track , keep go , come to a jolting stop just above the asphalt of the street . the view tilt up to reveal : claire' house . the view creep over the lawn ... right up to the wall -- -- and then through the wall to reveal : claire kuchever , lovely , young , very much alive . she wear a conservative bra and panty and be just pull on a blouse . in the lab : a complete shock to Doug ... this be the woman he see dead in the morgue . in the time window : Claire start to button up the blouse , turn and look directly into camera . claire ( smile ) hello there ! in the lab : everyone freeze . what the hell ? in the time window : Claire wait , think a moment . tilt she head , a even bigger smile into camera : claire ( bright , friendly ) hi , how be you ? she wait , but of course there 's no answer . Claire look off , chew she lip . take a breath . this time a bit more formal . claire hello . I be Claire . ( correct herself ) my name be Claire . 32 . in the room : uneasy glance . gunnar be freak . gunnar too weird ... can she see we ? pryzwarra that 's not possible . ( to denny ) be it ? only denny seem to be enjoy himself . denny let 's just see what happen . in the time window : Claire frown , sigh . tries again . claire hi , I be Claire , but you guess that already , right ? ( she cringe ) God , that 's terrible . Doug suddenly figure it out . doug , rotate the view . I want to see what she 's look at . in the time window : the view move to reveal -- a mirror on the wall . Claire be look at she own reflection , practice she smile and greeting , not happy with any of they : claire ( coy ) Claire . please to meet you . ( with attitude ) right , I be Claire . so , how be I do so far ? ( a la bond ) my name be kuchever . Claire kuchever . ( she grimace ) God this be pathetic . it 's the blouse . Claire pull the button undone , turn to pick out a new shirt . in the lab , Doug stare at the screen . perhaps he 's remember she father 's word as he say she name : doug . Claire kuchever ... gunnar notice he intense focus . 33 . gunnar do you know she ? doug we hold hand once . but no , I have never meet she . gunnar frown at that . a think hit Doug , and he pull out he cell phone . Hit a button -- int . claire' house - live room - day agent pore over the interior of the house , investigation in progress . stalhuth have a plastic evidence bag fill with bloody swab , answer he phone as he move down the hall : stalhuth stalhuth here . doug ( 0.8 . ) ( filter ) this be Doug carlin . where be you ? stalhuth at that house you find . female murder victim . Claire -- doug right . what room be you in ? stalhuth ( 0.s. ) bedroom . we find bloody cotton swab in the bathroom -- oh , and carlin , when do you completely forget how to investigate a crime scene ? doug ( 0.8 . ) ( filter ) what do you mean ? stalhuth the place be lousy with you fingerprint . all over the place . int . brookhaven - MAIN lab - day Doug frown at that . he stare up at the screen , into the bedroom , where Claire pick out another blouse , slip it on . doug describe what you see . just humor I , okay ? 34 . stalhuth ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) uh , woman 's bedroom , bed make , mirror on the wall , dresser , tissue box , perfume bottle -- doug be anyone there ? stalhuth ( 0.s. ) ( filter ) yeah . agent hendrick be here , lean over the bed and right now I have a mighty fine view of the crack of he ass . Jesus , hendrick . doug uh ... okay . great , thanks . Doug close the phone , look over -- denny have be watch he , amused . denny satisfied ? doug can you blame I ? denny not for a second . int . brookhaven - MAIN lab - later in the time window , Claire stir pasta , dinner for one . her phone ring -- in the lab , the agent sit up , attentive . claire hey ... no , that 's day after tomorrow . yeah , Saturday ... nope , first time ! I always think blind date be for desperate loser , you know ? then I realize , hey , I be a desperate loser ! desperate loser need love too ! faint laughter on the phone . claire at least I think it 's the day after tomorrow , ohmigod -- Claire reach for a appointment book , open it -- doug . show I the book ! 35 . in the time window , the view move forward and twist down to ' look ' into the book -- too late , Claire snap it shut . shanti damn ! claire yeah , it 's Saturday . I will be sure to call you with all the gory detail . okay , ' bye . Claire hang up , finish the pasta preparation . scoops out onto a dish , sit down to eat and read . in the lab , Doug turn to pryzwarra . pryzwarra just sit doug I want she appointment book bring here ... also any note , diary , checkbook , photo , any record of any kind . I want to know everything there be to know about she . pryzwarra I do not see the point of this . we should be concentrate on the ferry . doug it 's likely we man scope out the ferry , yes . but we do not know when , or what he look like . we could look right at he and not know . ( back to the screen ) but we will notice a change , even a small change , in this woman 's life . some look where Doug look -- stare at Claire , who at the table , read . pryzwarra shrug . pryzwarra someone order chinese . look like this might take a while ... dissolve to : int . brookhaven - MAIN lab - night item from Claire 's life be spread out around Doug . purse , photograph in a shoebox , journal , checkbook , a box of drawing , letter , etc . Doug have Claire 's notebook computer in front of he . he click on a photo : Ginger , she cat , grab onto the couch ; Claire have add that timeless caption ' hang in there , Doug smile , glance up -- appointment book , bank statement , baby ! ' 36 . in the time window , Claire dab off she makeup . turn on the shower , check the water . she step out of she skirt . in the lab , some embarrassment among the observer . shanti tell I ... be there any scientific or forensic insight likely to be gain by spying on this woman in the shower ? gunnar she might sing we a clue . shanti frown at the joke . in the time window , Claire continue to disrobe . doug we will do what any normal , average house guest would do ... ( smile ) let 's check out she medicine cabinet . he nod to gunnar , who ( somewhat reluctantly ) move the time window view away from Claire , toward the mirrore medicine cabinet . a brief , out - of -focus glimpse of Claire 's nude form in the reflection -- -- and then the view move past the mirror , into the cabinet . there be just enough light come in around the edge to see there 's not much there . gunnar aspirin , dental floss , cough drop ... not even a sleep pill . this woman need a vice . in the lab , pryzwarra sigh heavily . it 's pretty obvious he think they be waste they time . Doug check a box , confirm the same medication . doug what 's on the other side of the wall ? shanti Kitchen . doug let 's check it out . in the time window , the view push through the wall into the kitchen . the view do a slow 360 scan . Doug frown -- doug huh . no tomato timer . 37 . shanti say again ? doug I notice it when I be in the house before . this funky little ... food timer , in the shape of a tomato . next to the microwave . it 's not there . gunnar maybe she 's go to buy one . or borrow one . or get one as a gift -- pryzwarra great ! let 's all keep a eye out for the funky tomato timer , I be sure it 's the key to the whole goddamn case -- in the time window , Claire suddenly appear , wear a bathrobe and towel . claire be someone there ? hello ? in the lab , everyone pay sudden attention . in the time window , Claire go to the door , check to make sure it 's lock . shanti she hear a noise , maybe ? gunnar probably the cat . doug follow she . in the time window , Claire enter she bedroom , lay down in on the bed . open up she journal , start to write . in the lab , Doug search , find , open up the same journal . he flip through page -- in the time window , the view shift to over Claire 's shoulder , look down at the page as she write -— - ' nothing much special today . get that weird I be -being - watch feel again , but I be sure it 's nothing . need to install light outside the house . Trade the cat in on a german shepherd . I feel like a goldfish . it 's like someone 's out there . ' close on : the same journal page . Doug watch she write what she 's already write . weird . 38 . pryzwarra maybe someone be out there . could be she 's be stalk . in the time window , the view shoot upward , then tilt , leck down at the house . it zoom down , quickly around the perimeter of the house . gunnar nope . nobody there . nobody 's watch she . doug not true . we be . in the time window , the view peer in through the window , then move through , center on Claire . she 's set the journal aside , turn the light off . laying on she side , she stare out at the dark . eye open , but no way to tell what she thought might be . Doug watch she ... Claire 's eye close and she feature relax . her expression be pure , no one around , no one to see . simple , unaffected , no artifice , no agenda . nake and vulnerable . Doug 's expression soften as well ... lose in she feature , in the beauty of she peaceful expression ... dissolve to : ext . seaside cemetery - day a wind - blow cliff dot with white cross and tombstone . mourner dress in black ; Claire 's funeral in progress . priest ( read from ecclesiast ) " everything God do will remain forever . there be nothing to add to it and there be nothing to take from it . God have do this so that man should be in awe before him ... Doug stand away from the crowd , watch the face of the people at the grave . near he , a groundskeeper work , lay down strip of sod . doug ( low ) the ex do not show . 39 . stalhuth ( v.0 . ) ( over Doug 's earpiece ) would you ? priest " whatever be , have already be , and what will be have be before . God call forth the past . " the priest nod ; claire' mother step up next to the coffin . claire' mother Claire love lighthouse . ever since she be little . they make she feel safe , and whenever it rain she would listen for the foghorn . Doug scan the crowd : somber look , red eye , silent tear 's . - but nothing that do not belong . then he notice -- a lanky man in a white windbreaker come into view in the distance , approach from across the green . the man carry a bright bouquet of flower . doug ( low ) White jacket from the south road . stalhuth ( v.0 . ) ( filter ) we see he . the lanky man keep come . Doug keep watch ... claire' mother many of you know we grieve for three people today . Claire 's best friend Beth , and also she lovely little girl Janice . Claire love take care of Janice ... she be the daughter Claire never have . the lanky man suddenly stop , kneel at a grave . he place the flower down , begin praying there . Doug move over next to the groundskeeper . doug ( indicate the man ) ever see he before ? the groundskeeper look . groundskeeper oh , yeah . poor guy come here every week . Flowers every time . rose . waste of money , if you ask I . 40 . doug . ( into he headset ) false alarm , everybody . the guy be a regular . groundskeeper guy need to learn to let go . the groundskeeper go back to lay sod . stalhuth ( v.o. ) shit. okay , keep a eye out . claire' mother Claire ... there be so many thing you never get to do . so much that you want to share . I be sorry that you never find the right person to share it with . on doug , as he turn back to the funeral . claire' mother ( cont 'd ) and you never get to start the family you want ... but I know that you never lose hope . she lose it a little bit ; she eye come up , and happen to find Doug . he give she a slight nod of encouragement . claire' mother ( cont 'd ) that 's who you be . you will always have hope . she can not continue . Claire 's Father go to she side . Doug watch ... and then he eye shift to Claire 's coffin . he stare at it , hard . dissolve to : int . time window - day in a grocery store , Claire stop she half - full shopping cart in front of the cake mix shelf , look pensive , sullen . other shopper move past , not notice anything . Claire be alone in the store , lose in some private moment . in the lab , Doug frown . he have Claire 's journal open in front of he -- on the journal page , in Claire 's hand : ' go shopping today , shopping for one , make I feel alone -- I hate when that happen . ' 41 . gunnar look closely at Claire . gunnar weird how much you can tell about a person when you really look at they . denny and when they think no one be look . on the journal page , mostly blank . a hand come in -- Claire , write onto the page . ' still look for someone who ... just someone . ' in the window , Claire be lie by she fireplace now , a glass of wine in one hand , she journal open . she stop write , stare at what she 's write . ' just someone . ' then she tear the page out of the journal and toss it into the fire . she hug she knee , watch it burn . doug look down : the journal page be miss , tear away . the rest of the book be blank . Claire will die before she can write anything more . Doug set the book aside ... stare at it . dissolve to : in the window , later . Claire be in the kitchen , wash dish , when the phone ring . Claire answer : claire hello ? oerstadt ( v.0 . ) ( filter ) hey , be you the lady with the suv for sale ? I see you ad in the paper ! in the lab , Doug sit up suddenly . doug that 's he . pryzwarra how do you know ? in the window , Claire smile . she open the refrigerator , pour a drink : claire yes , that 's I . 42 . oerstadt ( v.0 . ) well hello there ! lemme tell you , first off ... ( slight laugh ) I be what you could call a real motivate buyer . I be ready to get something by the weekend . pryzwarra jump out of he chair : pryzwarra Match that call ! see if it 's one of the number we track . I want a recording of the conversation send for analysis -- claire that sound just fine to I . oerstadt ( v.0 . ) the price , model and mileage look right , where can I come by and see it ? claire I be at 329 larkspur Road in willowpoint . need direction ? oerstadt ( v.0 . ) do not worry , I will find you . be tomorrow night good ? pryzwarra ( to Doug ) tomorrow ? doug he 's wait ... he want to steal the car as late in the game as he can , so there 's no time to track it -- claire would not you know , that 's the one night all month I be go to be out ! oerstadt ( v.0 . ) right , Saturday night , must be a hot date . claire ( laugh ) blind date , actually . can we make it Sunday ? a pause in the conversation . Doug whisper to pryzwarra : 43 . doug he 's think ... a date mean someone who 's expect she , who would miss she . which could ruin he plan ... oerstadt ( v.0 . ) see , I need the vehicle for Sunday . be there anyone else there who can show I the car ? claire no , I live alone ... shanti gasp . the other be just as appal -- oerstadt ( v.0 . ) I will tell you what -- there 's a Jeep Cherokee I have have my eye on . how about I come see you if it do not work out ? claire sure ! see you later ! Claire hang up , go back to the dish ... with no clue at all to what 's come . in the MAIN lab , everyone sit there , a bit stunne at how fast it all happen . pryzwarra all right , everyone , we have just hear the voice of we killer . let 's find out who he be -- stalhuth checked the number . one of the one we could not track . outdoor phone booth -- doug wait -- we get surveillance video on that one , do not we ? int . conference room - day Doug , pryzwarra , the other agent gather before a monitor that display time - code surveillance video . stalhuth this be from a ATM camera across the street . already be check , though -- doug scan ahead to exactly the time of the phone call . 44 , the video blur , people come and go , slow to where a nameless woman fill most of the frame , push button . pryzwarra where be I look ? stalhuth background , over she leave shoulder . that 's the phone booth . on screen : a fuzzy blob that might be a phone booth . it 's a bad angle , no way to tell if anyone be there . pryzwarra can you enhance this ? stalhuth this be enhance . the video be madden -- blurry , dark , and obscure by the bank customer every time she shift position . pryzwarra shit . this be useless -- doug , what 's that on the ground ? Doug point . on screen , at the base of the phone booth : a dark blob with a blurry white logo . stalhuth huh . camcorder bag , maybe ? doug you have access to face - recognition software , right ? stalhuth yeah . doug use it on the bag . how many hour of video have be logge ? stalhuth about a billion ... stalhuth type busily on he laptop . Hit a final key . wait for the search to complete ... stalhuth ( cont ‘d ) do not think it 's ever be use this way -- on screen : a long list of match . 45 . stalhuth ( cont ‘d ) see , it 's too simple a image to create a single -—- doug . go through they . stalhuth nod , start click through -- on screen , video footage of a kid carry a bag on the dock . obviously wrong . next match , a woman walk across a intersection , bag over she shoulder . next match -- Security video show a night view of the ferry at dock -- the roll timecode read 07/03 04:40 am and count . a figure step into view , hold he camcorder , he back to the camera . a camera bag over one shoulder -- pryzwarra same bag ... doug same guy . what be this ? stalhuth Security camera at the orient Point ferry dock -- on screen : a wash of headlight pass over the figure , startling he , cause he to step back out of view -- pryzwarra freeze it there ! the video pause on the empty dock . the timecode in the corner read 07/03 04:40:38am . pryzwarra smile . lock at Doug : pryzwarra ( cont ‘d ) two night before the explosion ... doug and seven hour from now . in the window , Claire sit at she desk , work on a illustration . she erase a small error . glance down , where Janice sit on the floor , draw with magic marker . in the MAIN lab , Doug watch the scene . glance around at the other -- pryzwarra confer with stalhuth and denny . 46 . pryzwarra »-. we will get a look at he face , for certain . if we be lucky , a license plate . if not , we follow he ... in the window , on the floor , Janice sit up suddenly . janice oh no ! claire what be it ? janice Mom ask I to say a prayer for she meeting today , but I forget ! in the MAIN lab , as Doug watch the scene , he expression soften . he look on with empathy , compassion ... for the first time , even sadness . claire ( 0.8 . ) that 's okay , we will say one now . janice ( 0.s. ) but it 's too late , it already happen ! back to doug , as he glance over -- gunnar and shanti watch they monitor . nobody be look he way . Doug reach into he jacket , and pull out what look like a pen . unnotice , he point it at the time window -- claire then we will just pray that it go well . janice do that work ? claire do not see why it should not ! Doug take the pen , aim it at the screen , click it on . it 's a laser pointer . in the window , a dot appear on the wall close to Claire 's head -- and claire turn to look at it . Doug look on in shock -- as the view suddenly waver and all hell break loose -- 47 . shanti power spike , I be red ! gunnar I see it -- denny bring it down , ease off -- gunnar get it , get it , I have get it -- suddenly all of they be punch key , every screen be alive with activity , around they giant circuit breaker be slamming like church door -- pryzwarra what happen ? denny shanti ? what happen ? shanti something broach the field ... Doug slam the laser pointer onto denny 's console : doug when be you gonna tell I ? silence . they all look up at he . doug ( cont 'd ) this thing 's not just a window , be it ? the team member look to pryzwarra . pryzwarra I be , I be not sure what you mean -- doug she see it , Andy ! I aim a light at she just now , and she react to it four day ago ! no one speak . the team member exchange side glance . doug ( cont 'd ) we can send thing back , can not we ? pryzwarra no , we can not -- doug we could go back ! 48. pryzwarra no , we can not . gunnar not a person -- denny ( jump in ) he 's right -- we can not . not yet . doug why not ? denny we still have not beat the physics . the tachyon field nullify all complex electrical impulse , include heartbeat and brainwave activity . ( beat ) anything that go through come out dead on the other side . doug you have try ? denny and pryzwarra exchange a look . pryzwarra I cannot confirm or deny that . denny trust I , Doug . there 's no way around it . not even theoretical . you go through , you die . doug what about a warning ? a radio signal -- gunnar it 's too complex -- shanti the field would scramble it -- doug ( exasperate ) then what about a note ? they all look at each other . doug ( cont 'd ) a note . a single piece of paper , one sheet . again the team look to pryzwarra -- 49 . pryzwarra we be under strict order . the window be approve for use as a retroactive surveillance tool only -- doug but it be possible ? gunnar if we keep the mass low ... pryzwarra ( whirling ) no , no , no ss . the group erupt into heat debate , everyone but denny -- gunnar I be just talk about tolerance , I think it 's possible ! pryzwarra do you have any idea the metaphysical can of worm -- shanti but we have to try , do not we ? doug we could stop this , Andy ! we could save all that people -— - pryzwarra do not you think I want that ? suppose we do save the ferry -- great ! so instead the guy blow up a hospital -- or the Brooklyn Bridge at rush hour . only this time we never catch he , and he do it again and again -- doug then we will have to send a warning that get he apprehend and put away for good , prior to the first explosion . pryzwarra think about that . pryzwarra how ? doug we send it back to ourselves . to I , at the Bureau . a anonymous tip that someone be plan to bomb the orient Point ferry on July 4th . ( think it through ) ( more ) 50 . doug ( cont would ) we know the suspect be at the dock with a camcorder the night before . instant search warrant -- they find the bomb -- we could have he in custody before he even meet Claire -- pryzwarra we could also create a paradox that rip a hole in the fabric of time and Space and wipe out mankind . denny which would probably cost we we funding . Doug and pryzwarra both turn to look at denny . denny ( cont 'd ) well , it would ... pryzwarra you be not worried about change the past ? denny no . because you can not . ( a beat ) anything you be gonna do , you already do . whether you send a note back , or do not send a note back ... it do not matter . you can not change the past , it 's physically impossible . gunnar ( at he console ) window 's back up ... in the window , Claire kneel with Janice , coach she through a child 's prayer . Doug watch for a moment . then : doug what if there 's more to it than physics ? denny you mean something " spiritual ? " fine. look it this way ... ( he lean in close ) God ! ind i j . call it fate , destiny , whatever -- it already happen . and it always will . doug maybe . but I have spend my entire career chase people after they have do something horrible . ( more ) 51 . doug ( cont would ) for once , I would like to stop someone from ever hurt anybody in the first place . can you understand that ? Doug look over , see that pryzwarra have be listen . they exchange a look . int . brookhaven - day giant shunting magnet -- huge circular array -- be recalibrate and lower back into place -- ext . FBI field office - day a brookhaven satellite van pull up in the parking lot -- int . brookhaven - MAIN lab - day gunnar design a armature to hold the warning note in place . int . brookhaven - conference room - day pryzwarra write out the warning while Doug dictate : doug you know , this would go faster if I do it myself -- pryzwarra yeah , and then you recognize you own handwrite and the universe blow up . continue . doug " terror suspect will be at orient Point dock , 4:40 be ... pryzwarra we can not be that specific . it have to hold up in court that someone could have phone this in without use a time machine . doug it will hold up . just do not leave any print on the note . pryzwarra look at he finger , glare at Doug -- ' now he tell I . ' he crumple the note and start over . pryzwarra ( write ) how can you be sure you will take this ' anonymous tip ' seriously ? 52 . doug there be , ah ... there be a reporter I work with a few year back . the way we be phrasing this , I be pretty sure I will think it 's from he . pryzwarra would this reporter be David Campbell ? Doug do not answer . clearly this be a sore subject -- pryzwarra ( cont 'd ) Flight 800 ? doug . you read my file . pryzwarra no. mccready tell I . I would be curious to hear you side of it . Doug look grim . but it have to come up , sooner or later . doug . the official word on Flight 800 be that degrade wiring under the main fuel tank cause a short and trigger the explosion . but Campbell suspect a cover - up -- that the plane be in fact shot down during a navy exercise four mile south of the flight path . pryzwarra and you believe he , so you steal evidence -- doug I do not believe he , I want to prove that he be wrong . pryzwarra so you steal evidence -- doug I take a seat cushion from the forward cabin , to run independent test on the fabric for missile residue . ( beat ) yeah , I steal evidence . pryzwarra what do you find ? 53 . doug the Bureau arrest Campbell and confiscate the sample before we could finish the test . pryzwarra and what happen to you ? doug read the file . shanti approach : shanti we be ready . int . brookhaven - MAIN lab - day every screen be active , every station manned . Doug , pryzwarra , denny and he team be all at they place . suspend before the time window , hold by a thin glass armature : the warning note . gunnar Ring 's hot . denny shanti ? shanti good to go here . denny all right , let 's get superluminal . Doug and pryzwarra watch as the time window brighten in a furious mix of particle , come into focus . pryzwarra what do you think will happen if this work ? doug to we ? ( pryzwarra nod ) I imagine we will all instantly pop into some other part of we life with no memory that any of this ever happen «se . and you and I would never meet . pryzwarra ponder that for a moment . then : pryzwarra hey , that 's worth the ten billion right there ! 54 . Doug and pryzwarra laugh . watch as -- the window angle rotate from a night view of the parking lot to the exterior of the FBI long island field office . the Bureau symbol visible on the glass door . gunnar this be zero station . we be on top of the satellite van , hang on -- gunnar work the joystick -- the window view rush forward , into the face of the building and through it ... down hallway , through wall and floor -- doug go to the third floor , southwest corner -- the view rise through another floor and into the main office pen -- the same open area of desk where Doug take the first call about Claire -- doug ( cont 'd ) that 's it , stop-stop-stop . right here ... now pan over to the right by the wall ... the office be nearly desert , many of the desk unoccupy as the view pan across they , but two voice can be hear : minuti ( 0.s . ) look , I be not play this game with you again . there be protocol here , carlin . there be procedure . doug ( 0.8 . ) I do not play game , Larry . in the lab , Doug 's face go slack as he watch the screen -- in the window , be -- himself . four day ago , Doug be have a barely - contain argument with he partner , larry minuti . minuti it 's this lone wolf shit . you have to let I know what you be do . let I in on what you be think . doug I tell you , it be just a hunch -- minuti you tell I , yeah , after the fact ... 55 . in the lab , Doug watch , fascinate . he glance over at the team -- everyone else in the room be stare at he . head turn away quickly , look back at the screen -- gunnar eerie , man ... pryzwarra be that minuti ? doug yeah . that 's Larry . my partner . ( he watch ) Jesus , I would forget about this . denny shoot a glance to Doug at that . check he monitor : denny okay , let 's find a nice friendly surface to push this note onto ... be that you desk ? doug mine ? yeah . denny line we up , goon ... the window view shift , veer and dip until the surface of Doug 's desk come into perfect alignment with the warning note mount before it . doug ( on screen ) I be tired of have to explain myself every time I manage to do the job ... denny that 's good . shanti ? we need the field to be rock solid . shanti High but stable . denny all right ... start push . get the wave frame past the note . the team punch key in a flurry , boost the gain on the time window field -- along the rhic , the magnet array begin to realign -- in the lab , power surge through field emitter . denny and he team work they station in a low - level frenzy . the window appear to warp out , like wind fill a sail . the argument in the window continue : 56 . minuti ( on screen ) how can I expect you to look out for I when you do not let I look out for you Doug wince at that . gunnar good ? denny I gotta have more cowbell ... more key be punch . the time window warp outward more -- doug ( on screen ) look , I tell you before -- and I be tell you now -- I do not go outside proper channel anymore . if I peg a guy on a hunch , that 's police work , not some conspiracy to keep you out of the loop . minuti ( on screen ) yeah , well my hunch be you stop caring about anyone else a long time ago . and it 's affect more than just you work . doug ( to denny ) we would better hurry ! if memory serve , I storm outta there in about a minute . shanti start to redline ! denny give it ten more second . push ... Doug watch the note , now in the window , seemingly sit on Doug 's own desk . doug ( on screen ) I do not have time for this . you do what you have to do , Larry . and have a nice vacation . doug . ( watch himself ) no ... in the window , Doug march away -- from he desk , he partner , and the note . a collective sigh of futility . 57 . denny ( defeat ) that 's it , then . dial the ring down . the whine of machinery subside ... in the window , minuti glance down and , so casually it almost do not register , pluck the warning note from the desk . doug whoa ! pryzwarra I do not believe it -- gunnar it 's through ! it go through ! shanti fantastic ! doug we do not know if it 's fantastic yet , everybody quiet ! they watch as minuti read the note . he frown , look off -- to where Doug have just leave , slamm a door . doug ( cont 'd ) come on , Larry ... minuti check he watch , look at the note again . the team watch , breathless . then minuti come to a decision : he fold the note and grab he jacket , head out . pryzwarra follow he ! gunnar I be on he ... the window view move with minuti , down the stair . Doug and pryzwarra exchange smile -- this could work . later - the window show minuti 's car ( the same car that be find later at the ferry dock ) drive down a highway at night . the image be shaky as gunnar work the control , struggle to keep up with a move target . pryzwarra look worried as they watch . he whisper to Doug : pryzwarra why would he go without backup ? 58 . Doug grow pensive . doug because he think that 's where I be go . he think I go without backup . ( a look ) " Lone wolf shit . " on screen , minuti pass exit 30 , eastbound on the l.i.e . a crackle of static come from the screen : doug ( cont 'd ) what 's happen ... the image of minuti on the road fill with static . shanti we be lose the signal . denny goon , keep up with he ! gunnar I can not , he 's drive out of range . denny ( off Doug 's look ) the mobile satellite rig only have a range of about five mile . pryzwarra can we get some more antennae out there ? shanti we have only get the goggle rig leave . Doug glance up at the mission clock : 4:20 be in the past . doug . cut away from minuti . the bomber 's due at the dock -- we will pick up Larry when he get there . in the time window , a wide angle , take in most of the ferry dock and parking area . the ferry itself be in view , moor and silent . Doug and the team watch intently . doug ( cont 'd ) where be he ...? Doug check he laptop : a freeze frame of the security camera video . the timecode read 04:40:37am . 59 . pryzwarra we should be able to see he by now . doug maybe he do not park in the lot . ( to gunnar ) bring it around in a circle . the window view pan across the side of the lot , past lightpost , tree , hedge -- doug ( cont 'd ) hold it ! right there . move in ... the view narrow until they all see it -- a man in a dark sweatsuit , climb through one of the hedge . denny Son of a bitch ! doug I wanna see he face . in the window , the man have a camera bag over one shoulder . as he step onto the dock , the light reach he face -- Doug go dead pale . doug ( cont 'd ) he be at Claire 's funeral ! the groundskeeper ! the man -- he name be carroll oerstadt -- lift a camcorder to he eye and begin taping , scoping the facility . pryzwarra that 's it , that 's we p.c. right there ! where 's you partner ? doug ( to gunnar ) pull back . show I the back of the hedge , but do not lose the suspect . the window retreat to a wide down angle , revealing the back of the hedge -- where a red jeep grand cherokee be park . doug ( cont 'd ) move in on the license plate -- suddenly another car drive past -- shanti that 's you partner ! 60 . doug wait , follow minuti ! pryzwarra we need the plate -- doug there be no plate , follow he -- the window follow minuti 's car into the dock parking lot . Doug look up at the clock : 4:39 am and count -- doug ( cont 'd ) no wait , back over to the dock , hurry ! the window pan over to oerstadt , who be still taping the ferry as minuti pull into the lot . the wash of minuti 's headlight pass over he -- -- exactly as they do in the security video , startling he exactly as they do before , cause he to step back out of view exactly the same way -- doug ( cont 'd ) ( yell at gunnar ) move it over , stay with he ! the window catch up with oerstadt as minuti 's car suddenly cut he off from the hedge -- minuti ( on screen ) freeze ! oerstadt halt in he track , camcorder still in hand . minuti get out of the car , weapon draw : minuti ( cont 'd ) Federal agent ! put the camera down and drop the bag ! oerstadt start scream , absolutely terrify : oerstadt ( a thin mousy whine ) oh my gosh ! oh my gosh ! minuti Drop the bag ! now ! oerstadt ( burst into tear ) i'm sorry ! don't kill I ! take the bag , take it , don't kill I -- 61 . minuti ( try to shout over he ) I be not -- listen , I be not go to hurt you ! listen ! i'm a federal agent ! oerstadt ( wail like a baby ) don't kill I , don't kill I ! please don't kill I ! in the lab , Doug and pryzwarra look at each other -- could this actually be the wrong guy ? the man try to drop he shoulder bag but it 's catch on he sleeve -- minuti calm down ! ( move closer ) I 'm not go to hurt you , drop the bag -- oerstadt i'm try , i'm try -- ( the bag 's still catch ) don't kill I i'm sorry i'm sorry --— and it happen too fast to see : oerstadt transfer the camera to he other hand , revealing a tazer gun and fire -- both dart fly into minuti 's chest , wire trail . minuti jerk and spasm in electrical shock , he gun firing wild -- doug Larry ! pryzwarra Jesus ! Glass shatter . minuti fall to he knee -- oerstadt pull a crowbar from the bag -- the tear and hysteria instantly go -- and bashes minuti across the face once , twice -- shanti oh my God ! doug no , no , no --! minuti fall face - first to the ground . oerstadt haul he body off the blacktop , drag he back through the hedge -- the window follows to oerstadt 's suv -- which now have a thick — bullet hole in the back window , so do the side window , a apparent exit wound -- oerstadt dump minuti 's body into the back of the Cherokee and slam it shut , run to the driver 's side -- 62 . pryzwarra Jesus , what do we do ? Doug watch the screen , paralyze . in the window , oerstadt pull away from the dock and onto the road , pick up speed fast . pryzwarra ( cont 'd ) what be we gonna do ?! denny I do not know ... but pretty soon he will drive out of range . the Cherokee race down the empty road , the time window barely keep up in the pre-dawn light . Doug stare at the screen , wheel turn , fight panic -- until suddenly : doug goggle ! gunnar what ? Doug race to the wall where the ' goggle rig ' hang on a rack with its backpack . he tear they down and race for the door , swiping the lock with he cardkey -- doug keep the phone clear , stay with he ! ext . time window lab - day Doug burst through the door and out into broad daylight , temporarily blind . he haul the backpack rig over to he car and hurl it into the passenger seat -- int . doug be car - day Doug pull out he cell phone as he peel out of the lot . int . brookhaven - MAIN lab - day a frenzy of crosstalk as denny 's console phone ring -- denny quiet , everybody , it 's he ! ( he hit a button ) agent carlin ? doug ( 0.s. ) ( on speakerphone ) where be he now ? 63. pryzwarra turn onto churchill ! headed for the Expressway ! intercut - doug's car / time window MAIN lab Doug make a hard right turn , at the same time reach over to the backpack , pull the goggle out of they holster -- doug ( into headset ) keep he in sight as long as you can and feed I direction ! I will track he with the goggle rig ! in the lab , the team member all look at each other . pryzwarra can he do that ? denny tf he can catch up to the image , and keep it in sight ... yeah , that could work ! doug ( 0.s. ) somebody tell I how to turn this thing on ! on the expressway , Doug 's car rocket out of the on-ramp , speed and weaving past heavy midday traffic -- in the lab , they be watch oerstadt 's car while denny feed instruction to Doug . the image start to break up . shanti go out of range . denny Doug , we have you signal . try the goggle -- doug ( 0.s. ) hold on -- pryzwarra ( watch oerstadt ) he 's approach exit 33 ! we be lose he ... in the car , Doug struggle to pull on the goggle , pass a sign for ' exit 33 ahead . ' doug be he get off the freeway ? 64 . pryzwarra ( 0.s. ) can not tell yet -- doug do he take the exit ? do he take it ? denny ( 0.8 . ) we lose the signal ! we be blind here . Doug hit a switch on the side of the goggle and bring they up to he eye , and as he do -- doug's point of view - the road ahead -- and full of car , wipe seamlessly into a perfectly -— matched view of the same highway , rain -slick and empty , still go by at 90mph . doug slip the goggle down he nose , then up again , try to get use to this . without the goggle : daylight and traffic . with the goggle : rain and empty highway . doug Holy ... he put they back on just in time to see a red jeep cherokee , barrel past in the opposite direction -- doug ( cont 'd ) shit ! in the lab , shanti switch the time window over to the view from doug's goggle as the Jeep pass -- shanti that 's it -- whoa , there he go ! doug jam the wheel into a high -speed u-turn , crossing the grassy meridian , tire spew earth . he reverse course -- -- vault onto the westbound lane , not another car in sight on the empty highway -- denny ( 0.s. ) Doug , traffic ! doug pull the goggle down as a scream 18 - wheeler bear down on he , horn blaring , car swerving all around -- doug whoa ! Doug spin the wheel hard -- the big rig roar past he , fill the highway -- Doug 's car fishtail -- 65 . doug ( cont 'd ) shit-shit-shit-shit-shit -- ! in the MAIN lab , the window view veer wildly , match Doug 's head movement -- doug ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I lose he , I can not see past this truck ! pryzwarra we see he ! denny Doug , look straight ahead ! we have get the window slave to you goggle . he 's a quarter mile ahead of you ! Doug check the real - time traffic around he and look at the truck , timing he move -- then quickly pull the goggle up -- doug be Pov - through the goggle as the truck vanish , revealing oerstadt 's Cherokee pull into the middle lane , a quarter mile ahead . doug weave through traffic , speed after he -- pull the goggle down to watch the road , pull they back up to check on oerstadt , back and forth between the present and the past -- a split - level car chase four day apart . in the MAIN lab , denny watch as oerstadt 's Cherokee top a slight rise , then dip out of view for a second -- doug approach the same rise , traffic all around he -- the window view top the rise , revealing oerstadt and several other car stop dead in the middle of the highway by a early morning construction crew . pryzwarra ( reflex ) look out , stop ! doug slam on he brake , squealing rubber in a 90 mph skid -- car veer and swerve around he , horn blaring , narrowly miss he -- Doug 's car come to a dead halt in the center lane , car scream by he on all side . doug what the hell ?! 66 . pryzwarra ( 0.s. ) I be sorry , he stop ! denny ( 0.s. ) the Jeep 's stop in the middle of the highway , Doug ! there 's some kind of construction go on -- doug Jesus , I be gonna get kill --! Doug pull the goggle on -- doug stare forward in shock . his car have almost completely overlap the Jeep , both of they stall in the middle of the highway . he stare at the back of oerstadt 's head , oblivious to the horn and squealing tire all around he . oerstadt turn , slowly , a figure in sinister silhouette . he turn until he 's gaze back , back at Doug it seem ... then down into the back seat . Doug follow he gaze down : to larry minuti , lie on the floor where Doug 's foot should be ... bleed from the head +e . moan at the edge of consciousness . pryzwarra ( 0.s. ) he 's alive ! he 's still alive -- minuti 's image be suddenly whisked away as oerstadt apply the gas and wheel the Jeep hard over . Doug fall backwards through the image as oerstadt 's back seat and rear door rush forward and pass through he -- leave he on the road outside watch the Jeep 's taillight recede . a bellowing horn and squealing tire snap Doug out of it in time to yank the goggle down -- a two - story charter bus fill he rear window , squealing toward he in a uncontrolled skid . Doug floor the gas and turn out of the way , but too late -- the bus clip the back of Doug 's car , smash cut he rear windshield and crush the leave side of he trunk . Doug be throw into the steering wheel -- in the lab , the window view spin over and through the stall car , the construction site -- pryzwarra ( cont 'd ) Doug -- ! 67 . doug's car spin across two lane of traffic , finally slam to a halt halfway up a drainage ditch . he pull himself off the wheel , forehead bleed . a voice be shouting in he ear : denny ( 0.s. ) be you all right ? Doug , be you all right ?! doug where be he ? Doug pull the goggle on -- nothing but white static . doug ( cont 'd ) the goggle be smashed ! I can not see anything -- in the MAIN lab , they have still get a view . the window show a skewed angle of the shoulder where Doug 's car be stall . denny we still have a signal here ! pryzwarra we can talk he through it -- ( into phone ) we will talk you through it ! can you still drive ? doug ( 0.s. ) which way ? shanti ( jump in ) he take the exit ramp behind you ! doug ( 0.s. ) be you sure ? shanti yes ! gunnar just before the spin-out , I see it , too -- ext . doug be car - day wheel spray dirt as Doug 's car plow up the side of the ditch and onto the roadbank -- in the car , Doug set the break goggle on he dashboard face out . doug's car land on the exit ramp , back on solid road . gain speed , he 's head for a fork -- 68 . doug Left or right ? pryzwarra ( 0.s. ) we can not see that way -- ! Doug grab the goggle , aim they one way , then the other -- in the window , the road to the right be empty . to the leave , a pair of taillight disappear around a bend -- everybody in the lab left , left , go left -- ! doug skid through a leave turn -- back in pursuit . in pursuit of a Jeep he can not see . doug somebody talk to I ! denny ( 0.8 . ) you be on he -- the window view wind along the road , show oerstadt 's Jeep plow across railroad track , toward the pine barren -- pryzwarra he just cross the railroad track two hundred yard ahead ! ( a beat ) Doug ? on doug as he stare blankly ahead : there 's now a commuter train approach the same crossing . he 's second away from a collision -- Doug jam the wheel hard , plow off road and parallel to the track -- he 's racing the train . pull even . he time he move , spin hard over -- doug's car jump the track mere inch from the speed train . crunch earth on the opposite side , fishtail , plow through someone 's backyard and back out onto the road -- in the window , oerstadt 's Jeep be now dead ahead , come around the curve that Doug just skip . pryzwarra ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) you have get he ! great shortcut ! Doug take a deep breath , let it go in a shaky rush . doug yeah ! great shortcut . 69 . denny ( 0.s. ) he 's head into the pine barren . from here it should be a much slower ride . Doug 's car decelerate to a manageable 45 mph , head off down the road into wind woodland . dissolve to : ext . pine barren - day tall tree , dirt road ... deep , deep wood . doug be car wind through pine and brush , approach a clear . denny ( 0.s. ) he 's slow down considerably now ... do you see that ? a burned -out , collapsed bungalow fill the clear , surround on all side by steep evergreen . the place be blast to ruin , a roofless black shell . doug yeah , I see it . what 's he do now ? pryzwarra ( 0.s. ) he 's pull over to the right of the bungalow ... he 's parking there . Doug stop the car a few dozen yard away and get out , the goggle around he neck . he survey the wreckage : doug look like another bomb go off . denny ( 0.8 . ) really ? we be see a finish house . doug no damage ? denny ( 0.8 . ) none . Doug pull out the backpack , put it over one shoulder . gunnar ( 0.8 . ) you have get about ten minute ' charge leave in the pack ... doug can you still see this way ? denny ( 0.s. ) yeah , this work . 70 . Doug approach the blacken facade of the bungalow , he shoe crunching over char timber . something stop he : skid mark deep in the forest soil . his gaze follow they over to a large hole in the bungalow 's front wall . pryzwarra ( 0.s. ) Doug , he 's pull minuti out of the car . Doug look to where oerstadt park -- now a empty area of flatten grass . he watch , listen . over he headset , he can faintly hear the sound from the time window : doug . can you boost the audio ? the hiss over Doug 's headset jump in volume . he hear a man strain with a burden . then something drag ... be drag . through the grass , towards the house . Doug follow , trace every invisible step as it happen , a scene straight out of Rebecca . pryzwarra ( 0.s. ) he 's take he inside ... doug be Larry move ? pryzwarra ( 0.s. ) can not tell yet . the SOUND of a screen door slapping shut . Doug follow to the front of the house , retrace oerstadt 's step , through the hole and into what 's leave of the interior ... int . bungalow - day the char remain of a steal ambulance lie nose - first ina deep sinkhole in the middle of the floor . Doug survey the blacken hulk . doug do you see a vehicle inside ? a ambulance ? pryzwarra ( 0.s. ) no , nothing . the SOUND of a body be dragge continue , past Doug , across the floor . the room beyond the wreck ambulance be almost featureless , save for rag shard of wall , black debris ... and a single metal armchair bolt to what 's leave of the floor . 71 . in Doug 's ear , the chair creak . pryzwarra ( 0.8 . ) ( cont 'd ) he 's put Larry into a chair . doug I see it . ( he call out ) Larry ? no answer . Doug start to look around -- pryzwarra ( 0.s. ) do not turn away -- ! denny ( 0.s. ) we need to stay wide on the chair . Doug put the backpack down , set the goggle on top of it , face the chair . doug let I know if he move out of frame . a loud tearing SOUND suddenly fill the headset . doug ( cont 'd ) what be that -- be that duct tape ? pryzwarra ( 0.s. ) ah , yeah ... he 's , ah ... ( clear he throat ) he 's taping Larry to the chair . Doug approach that chair , dread building in he . he look down at it -- and notice dark band on each armrest , where residual adhesive have trap extra soot . he look closer : not just soot . blood . a lot of it . down the arm of the chair , down the leg -- lying in the soot , he spot a pair of garden shear , the kind with big rubber handle , thick enough to cut bone ... over he headset , a weak moan . shanti ( 0.8 . ) oh God , he 's waking up ... the moan be suddenly muffled by another stretch of duct tape . Doug 's face go dead slack . pick up the sheer ... notice a metal floorplate . he drop to he knee , pound on the plate : 72. doug Larry ! larry ! over he headset , a new sound : liquid splashing heavily onto the chair . member of the team can be hear gasp . doug ( cont 'd ) what 's that ? what be that ?! pryzwarra ( 0.s. ) ( clear he throat again , voice thick ) that 's , ah ... he 's pour some kind ef accelerant over agent minuti . Doug be frantic now , run he hand through the scot , brush the plate clear , until suddenly he find a handle : doug I find something , hold on ! drawing he weapon , Doug grab the handle , hold he gun ready , and heave the plate up and open with a crash -- on doug , as he stare down into the hole in blank horror . finally he find word . doug ( cont 'd ) everyone , brace yourselves ... you be about to witness a murder . int . brookhaven - MAIN lab pryzwarra spin away from the window : pryzwarra everybody out ! out ! now ! shanti , gunnar and all the other technician abandon they station , head for the door -- everyone but denny -- pryzwarra ( cont 'd ) you , too ! denny I can not . pryzwarra you do not want to watch this , Doctor - - denny somebody have to stay with the machine ! suddenly the sound of bloodcurdling scream spin they back to the window -- both man look absolutely horrify -- 73 . int . bungalow Doug tear he headset off -- in horror , in rage , in sheer helplessness -- fist jamme into he eye as the scream continue . it 's all he can do to hold on ... then he catch sight of something else , something in the floorboard near the chair . he grow silent , almost numb as he reach out for it . he pull it free ... it 's a single earring . Blue pearl . ext . bungalow - evening the bungalow be now a official FBI crime scene , cordon off by investigator and CSI tech . one agent reach into the pit where minuti 's body be find . pull out a fold packet of what look like blueprint ... and a thick scrapbook overflow with photo and clipping . ext . bungalow - evening Doug stand , stare cut at the forest . a agent wear a headset approach he . agent if it make a difference -- and I know it do not -- we have identify he . his name be Carroll oerstadt , and he 's book on a flight to Paris tonight . Doug nod . agent ( cont 'd ) you find he just in time . Doug just look at he . int . doug be car - moving - night Doug drive back to brookhaven , he face a sullen mask . int . time window lab - night pryzwarra and the team be argue as Doug enter : shanti if we have not send he there , he would not be dead now ... gunnar no , he be already be dead from the ferry , we just change how he die -- 74 . pryzwarra how do you know that ? we just use a time Machine ! for all you know , he be stand right next to you till the second we send that note back ! denny we do not change anything . we can not . that 's what I have be try to tell you -- doug we change one thing . everyone turn . Doug walk past they , face the window . doug ( cont 'd ) the suspect be drive a steal Jeep Cherokee when he case the dock . it be big enough to drive the bomb onto the ferry , and he would already change the plate . he already have a suv . ( beat ) then Larry show up and put bullet hole in the windshield and leave blood all over the back seat . the team member wait . Doug turn to look at the window -- doug ( cont 'd ) so now ... he need a new car . the team member grow silent as the full implication of that fact hit they . pryzwarra ( a whisper ) no ...! in the window , Claire enter she house with a bag of grocery and dump she key into a dish near the door . her cat trot off after she as she head into the kitchen . claire ( 0.s. ) hey , lil ' scruff ... Doug watch the screen . helpless . int . INTERNATIONAL airport - terminal - day Carroll oerstadt sit comfortably in a airport chair , travel bag at he foot . just another passenger wait for a flight . but the longer we watch the more obvious it be : oerstadt be highly aware of everything around he . 75 . other passenger , the ticket counter , a pair of flight attendant strolling past ... he eye miss nothing . and so he notice when -- a airport security guard reach for he pager . he read the display , look surprised . move away quickly , just as -- at the ticket counter , a black phone buzy , and a supervisor hurry to pick it up . listen a moment , nod . hang up , go to the nearest counter attendant , speak low in she ear -- through the window , in the street , a police truck pull up -- oerstadt do not hesitate . he pick up he bag , walk quickly toward a baggage inspector . oerstadt be suddenly distraught -- oerstadt I only leave my bag for a minute ! I swear ! a minute ! inspector be there a problem ? oerstadt drop he bag , push it at the Inspector . oerstadt I come back from the bathroom and a man be do something with it . he run away . inspector do he take anything ? oerstadt ( sudden panic ) no , he didn 't take anything ! you think he leave something ? I be only go for a minute ! what if he plant a bomb ? oerstadt say that a little too loud -- int . airport - corridor - day the Inspector , carry oerstadt 's bag , lead oerstadt toward the Security Office -- int . airport - security office - day oerstadt enter and wait . security personnel hurry past on they way out , but take no notice of he . in the foreground , a printer print out a photograph : a black and white enlargement of oerstadt's driver' license photo . a secretary take the photo to a copier , pass by oerstadt but not make the connection -- 76 . the Inspector gesture to a small wait area . head off with the travel bag . inspector this will be just a minute . oerstadt look over toward the wait area . plastic chair along a wall , beyond they , a door mark exit . int . maintenance corridor - day oerstadt , alone , move quickly down the corridor . int . tunnel walkway - day oerstadt exit a door into the wide public walkway . he be very aware of the security camera up near the ceiling . walk briskly away from the airport , toward the parking garage . oerstadt arrive before a elevator . he look longingly toward the stair , but no , a normal passenger would take the elevator . Hit the button . int . elevator - day the door close . oerstadt punch the button for parking level one , and wait . the light flicker off . then back on again . oerstadt punch ' pl ' again , several time . no movement . he hit the ' door open ' button -- nothing . look up , see the security camera --— Pov : security camera footage , black & white , look down at oerstadt . he smile ruefully , nod he head , resign . slide down the side of the elevator to a sit position , arm on he knee . confine in the small space by four close wall , he already look like he 's in jail -- -- as the door split and FBI agent race in , gun raise -- int . interrogation room - day oerstadt sit on he hand , rock on he chair . his eye shift to mccready as enter and sit opposite , next to Doug . pryzwarra hang by the wall . mccready I would like to know why you do it . oerstadt do what ? 77 . mccready just stare at he . oerstadt oh gosh ! I be in trouble , be not I ? mccready why do you cut off she finger ? oerstadt hesitates , look slyly at mccready . his hand come up , rub at the mostly - heal scratch down one cheek . oerstadt ( whisper , they secret ) you know that . mccready why do you pick Claire kuchever in the first place ? oerstadt I need a car ! mccready that 's it ? oerstadt ( worried ) I think so . mccready and that do not bother you ? oerstadt should it bother I ? mccready yes. oerstadt okay ! it bother I ! oerstadt lean down , as if for the benefit of the microphone . oerstadt I go to she house on the pretense of buy she car . and then I tape she mouth and then I throw a hood over she head . and then I steal she car , and then I take she to my cabin , and then I soak she in gasoline and ... doug then ? oerstadt ( smile at Doug ) I think you know what happen after that ! ( back to mccready ) and now ... now I feel really bad . mccready she be innocent . they all be . oerstadt I know , but ... you do not understand «+ . the whole story . mccready 78 . why do not you tell we the whole story ? oerstadt gosh , I do not know the whole story ! maybe , maybe , she , could have get drunk the next night , swerve over the line and kill five people . so when I kill she , I save they ! ( neds , like it make sense ) see ? pryzwarra can not take it any more . he get in oerstadt 's face : pryzwarra fuck that ! by far the most likely scenario be that if you be not a goddamn psychopath , that people would be alive today ! oerstadt 's voice drop to a whisper . oerstadt unlikely thing happen to I all the time . doug like a plane that blow up , without explanation , in mid-air ? Doug dump oerstadt 's scrapbook onto the table . yellow press clipping spill out in a fan ... about the Flight 800 disaster . photo and all of they oerstadt look over -- and we see the intelligence behind he eye for the first time , unmask . he sit up straight . oerstadt yes . like that . ( smile ) be you the good cop ? 79 . doug be that why you do it ? oerstadt think ... all pretense of fear go . oerstadt sure , why not ? a angry man , distraught over lose a love one on the ‘ill fated ' Flight 800 , blame the military for the disaster and subsequent cover -up . he strike back through a senseless terrorist act . ( shrug ) tell that to the family , they will appreciate the closure . mccready you do not lose anyone on that flight . oerstadt tap a finger onto one of the press clipping , pull it clear of the pile and slide it over to mccready . oerstadt I do . her name be Melissa Jean brook , she be twenty - six year old and she die on that flight . Doug lean over , spin the press clipping around and shove it back at oerstadt : doug no . we already check with she friend and family . you never know she . you pick a woman at random on that flight to obsess over , and that 's all . oerstadt she be the love of my life . doug you never even meet she . oerstadt lean forward . oerstadt if that plane have not go down ... how do you know I might not have meet she ? Doug stare back . he have no answer to that . shake off the question . doug you admit that you set a bomb onto the orient Point ferry ? 80 . oerstadt yes , agent carlin . I set a bomb onto the orient Point ferry . a straightforward confession . it 's a bit of a shock to all three man . pryzwarra you do not seem very ... concerned . oerstadt yeah , weird , huh ? doug how be that ? oerstadt I do not know . but somehow , I know that I will never be convict for any of this . in fact ... I do not think this case will even go to trial . he smile at pryzwarra ... then mccready ... then doug. int . brookhaven - MAIN lab - day Jack mccready stand before the team . mccready we be shutting you down . everyone in the lab be stunne . denny will you tell we why ? mccready we have get what we need . the forensics , the suspect , a confession . we be do . everyone talk at once -- shanti you can not -- gunnar we can not stop now -- pryzwarra Sir , I really think we need more evidence to make a conviction stick -- doug ( off pryzwarra ) he 's right ! ( more ) 81 . doug ( cont would ) the confession could be rule inadmissible . we need to keep gather evidence -- mccready gather evidence would have be fine , agent carlin , but you go further than that , do not you ? Doug start to say something , stop -- he have no defense . mccready ( cont 'd ) we have protocol in place , agent carlin . strict protocol . but you have to push . and now a agent 's dead . denny that would have happen anyway -- mccready we be do here , people . power it down , lock you station , and surrender you cardkey outside . experiment 's over . mccready march out , head for the door -- doug , what about Claire kuchever ? mccready stop . mccready charge oerstadt in the kuchever murder would raise too many question about how we obtain the evidence . we can not risk it . doug so we be drop the case ? mccready we have he on the ferry bombing , and kill a Federal agent . that 's enough . doug what do we tell she family ? mccready nothing . her case will remain open , and she murder will go unsolve -- doug you can not do that ! he 's go to kill she in six hour -- 82. mccready he kill she four day ago ! you be at she funeral . what 's wrong with you ? a final look at Doug ... then mccready exit . Doug watch he go ... then turn and glare at pryzwarra . int . brookhaven - rhic ring - day Doug march away from the lab . pryzwarra catch up to he . Doug spin around , about to deck he when -- pryzwarra I swear , Doug , I do not say anything about the warning ! doug then how do he find out ? pryzwarra I do not know -- maybe he fire up the window four day from now and watch we do it and send himself a note ! I do not know ! Doug 's glare soften . he clap pryzwarra on the shoulder , a silent apology . as he turn to go : pryzwarra ( cont 'd ) Doug ... ( Doug wait ) it 's not you fault Claire die . Doug try to smile . doug yeah ... that 's one theory . he head away up the ring . pryzwarra watch he go . dissolve to : int . time window lab - later denny , gunnar and shanti be the last of the team to finish power down they station . shanti glance up at the clock , open a video feed window on she monitor . on screen : a memorial service in progress -- mayor airman Steven healy . Patricia hewitt . megan Ann hewitt . sonar technician Lamont hick . 83. each name be accompany by a photograph -- wedding picture , grade school photo , sailor in uniform . the tally of the dead continue , name after name , through : int . calverton hangar - day the harvest of body bag have grow . more be be add . mayor ( v.o. ) Lieutenant junior grade dianne Kerry . Martin Kyle . Commander Francis lacey , retire . Elaine lacey ... ext . debris field ( underwater ) - day navy diver descend into the murky water , silhouettes against rippling sunlight . mayor ( v.o. ) Chief petty Officer Darren mcandrews . lorraine mcandrews . electronics technician Lisa melville . chaplain rabbi Benjamin mendelsson . ext . ferry dock - day a flag at half - mast whipping in a grey wind . hundred of people be gather at the dock in silence , many hold candle , many hold each other . mayor ( over speaker ) seaman apprentice clarence pittman . coretta pittman . duane pittman . xeroxed photograph , handwritten poem , crayon drawing cover every available surface of the dock gate . beneath they , candle , flower , several rosary , a teddy bear . mayor ( cont 'd ) Operations specialist joanne Van epp. fireman David watt . Carol watt . doug stand alone , stare at the memorial , wind whipping he hair . he look to the horizon -- where a lighthouse stand on the sound . int . clatre' house - live room - day the crime scene people have leave they mark : police tape , evidence marker , etc . Janice 's doll lie in they corner basket . Claire 's illustration remain tack over she desk . doug stand in the middle of the room , silent . 84 . int . claire' house - kitchen - day Doug wander the kitchen like a fade ghost . he pick up Claire 's tomato timer , roll it in he hand as he walk . he notice the cat bowl at the foot of the refrigerator , empty . look up , see -- the magnetic poetry on the refrigerator door , undisturbed . four word : you can save her his eye narrow . underneath it be one of Claire 's sketches , girl play with she dog . the caption read " play Dead ! " Doug suddenly whip around . he march through the live room , be run by the time he hit the front door -- int . doug be car - moving - day Doug speed through traffic , practice something aloud . doug " hi , you do not know I ... I be special agent Doug carlin . " ( shaking it away ) no , shit ... int . medical examiner office - day Dr. vavala look up as Doug suddenly stride in -- vavala agent carlin ! what can I do for you ? doug . I need to obtain someone 's complete medical record . and I need they as quickly as possible . vavala all right . whose ? doug ( a beat ) mine . int . doug be car - moving Doug speak aloud to no one again : doug " what if you have to tell someone the most important thing in the world , but you know they would never believe you ? " ( grin ) that could work ... 85 . ext . brookhaven - guard shack - evening Doug be at the security gate , the guard at he window : guard we be tell that the project end earlier today . doug it be end today , it 's still end , and I be on my way in there to help it finish end . the guard hesitates ... doug ( cont 'd ) come on , Kenny , I buy you guy pizza ! ext . brookhaven - MAIN lab - evening Doug stroll a bit too quickly to the outer security door of the facility . swipe he cardkey through the reader -- doug come on , come on , still work . a red light flash a zero tone at he . doug ( cont 'd ) shit ! he swipe the card again -- get the red light again . he 's about to try a third time -- denny do that one more time , and you set off every alarm they have get . denny reach past Doug , swipe he card , get a green light . denny ( cont 'd ) the only thing I have not figure out be ... how be you gonna do it ? Doug look surprised ... then walk in without a word . denny follow . int . time window lab - minute later denny move between station , activate the time window . on he console be a fold - out map of Long Island with one area circle in red . denny manipulate shanti 's console until the display show the same area . 86 . denny we have only get a few minute before they bust in here and shut we down . again . Doug stand in front of the time window . apprehensive . doug you do not have to do this -- denny ( laugh ) oh yes I do ! you be go to try to go back , no matter what I say , correct ? ( do not wait for a answer ) if I do not want you to ruin we collider in the process I absolutely have to do this . doug what make you so sure ? denny ( a laugh ) you will see . for some reason , Doug have Claire 's tomato timer in he hand . he turn it over and over as he wait . behind he , the time window activate in a burst of static , coalesc , resolve . Doug look back -- in the window : a view of several people in robe and pajamas , watch a baseball game on tv ? denny ( cont 'd ) be that it ? doug . yeah , that 's it . denny hah ! unbelievable . Doug take he gun from under he jacket . hike up he pant leg and stick it into a ankle holster . hiking up he other pant leg , he do the same with he Bureau i.d . denny ( cont 'd ) almost ready ... Doug wait , grow restless as the hum of machinery around he increase . he turn the timer in he hand . 87 . denny ( cont 'd ) okay . now ? doug yeah . no. wait ... Doug take something from under he jacket -- a typewritten sheet of paper -- and pin it to he lapel . doug ( cont 'd ) yeah . ( denny just stare at he ) what. denny you know ... you be gonna die here . there 's no way around that , you be go to die . doug I know ... Doug look sick . denny key in the final sequence . Doug start take air in shallow gasp , heart pound . then -- doug ( cont 'd ) Doctor ? ( denny lceok up ) if you ever manage to perfect this thing ... I would really love to know what happen to that plane . it take denny a moment to understand . then he nod . a sudden buz at the door startles they both . the door remain lock . someone have just be deny access to the lab by the re-code security lock . loud pounding follow . denny check he console . denny ten second . the hum of machinery become a high whine . Doug wind Claire 's tomato timer . put it into he jacket pocket . more pounding at the door . pryzwarra ( 0.s. ) ( faintly ) doug! Doug ! Doug close he eye as the window bend outward , like a sail fill with wind , just as it do with the note . 88. pryzwarra ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( barely audible ) do not do it ! do not !!! Doug whisper something under he breath -- it could be a prayer , it could be a curse , we will never know -- as the window envelop he -- the light become blinding , the whine become deafening -- and at the last moment Doug open he eye and scream ... suddenly everything recede into darkness . denny , the lab , all of it become a tiny dot of white light and wink out . silence for a moment . elderly man ( 0.s. ) shit ! somebody else ( 0.s. ) get it back . elderly man ( 0.s. ) I be tryin ' . ( more silence ) damn remote ... pull back slowly from the darkness , revealing : a dead television screen . on a wall - mount tv . in what look to be a wait room . int . brookhaven medical - emergency room - night populate by people in robe and pajamas . some of whom have i.v. bag , all of whom be shouting : people come on ! get the game back on ! what 's the problem ? elderly man ( click the remote ) I be tryin ' ! damn thing 's break ! the man click the remote -- and a loud ringing start . elderly man ( cont 'd ) what 's that ? do it work ? but the ringing sound be not come from the television . the elderly man turn , listen ... somebody else ( 0.s. ) what be it , tee ? the elderly man shuffles toward the ringing , see -- 89 . -- a stone cold corpse slump on the floor behind a chair , arm limp , skin pale blue . special agent Doug carlin be lie dead in the corner of the emergency room at brookhaven Medical Center . eye wide open , claire' timer ringing in he pocket ... and a sheet of paper pin to he lapel . in big letter : please revive I the group of patient loom over he in disbelief -- int . brookhaven medical - operating room double door burst open as Doug be wheeled - in on a gurney surround by a trauma team . they reach a operate table : doctor on three ! one -- two -- three ! Doug 's body land hard . doctor tear he shirt open , call out vital sign , prepping the crash cart . one of they tear the paper off of he lapel and do a double take : nurse Doctor , this look like he medical history . doctor what ?! nurse look , it 's one of we form -- the doctor scan it quickly -- nurse ( cont 'd ) the name 's black out ! doctor all right , I be gonna shock he ! stand back everybody -- clear ! -- the Doctor apply the paddle -- doug be Pov -- a flash of vision . Bright light , doctor shouting ... then it all fade to black . another flash : doctor shouting , rush of noise ... and it all fade to black . then ... a faint beeping , grow louder . steady . the beep of a heart monitor . and light ... hospital light above . 90 . int . recovery room - night Doug 's eye open slowly . he 's lie on a bed , shirt tear but still fully clothed . he blink harder , completely disorient . he stare at -- the heart monitor . number on it keep change . a red digital readout . just like a clock . int . brookhaven medical - corridor a doctor and nurse walk down the hall -- when Doug burst through the door and into the hallway . Doug hit the wall opposite they and careen away up the corridor , still groggy but run as fast as he can -- doctor ( behind he ) hey ! hey ! Clara , call Security , get two orderly up here now ! -- int . stairwell - night Doug lurch into the stairwell and run , all but fall down the step , racing for the first floor -- ext . brookhaven medical —- ambulance BAY - night two paramedics sit on the bumper of they ambulance , have a smoke . doug erupt from a side door . he run toward they hopping on one leg , pull a badge from he sock : doug Federal agent ! I need a vehicle ! paramedic one whoa ! Fine , key be in there ! paramedic two Ho , wait a minute , you can not take a ambulance , what be you , crazy ? Doug hop on he other leg long enough to draw he gun : doug I say I need a vehicle ! now ! step away ! the paramedics back off . Doug get in the driver 's side , peel out of the lot in a drunken swerve -- 91 . int . ambulance —- night Doug struggle with the wheel , sideswipe several park car as he maneuver out of the lot and into traffic . doug time , time , what time be it -- ext . long island expressway - night the ambulance roar down the highway , pass exit 34 -- int . ambulance —- night Doug plug a cell phone charge into the dash , power it up . doug come on , come on , come on ! the face of the cell phone light up : " 07/04 1:07 am " doug ( cont 'd ) no ! shit-shit-shit-- he lean on the gas harder , throw the siren on -- ext . long island expressway - night Doug 's ambulance barrel down the road , siren blaring . intercut flash image - ambulance and bungalow the bungalow door swing open -- oerstadt 's silhouette fill the frame , drag something behind he . doug's eye narrow at the wheel . oerstadt drag a scream woman across the floor . her scream be muffle , face hide under a muslin hood . doug make the turnoff for the pine barren , tire squealing . oerstadt drag the woman over to the metal chair bolt into the floor . her heel scrape the floor as she scream . doug wipe the sweat out of he eye , squint , search -- oerstadt heave the woman off the floor -- she get a arm free and claw at he face . deep gouge , a rush of blood . he punch she in the head -- a blue pearl earring fall -- doug swerve down a wood dirt road , fight panic -- oerstadt tape the woman 's wrist to the chair -- she struggle , he ignore it -- 92 . doug be lose . he slam the brake , throw into reverse , wheel spin dirt , back up -- diesel fuel pour onto the woman , splash she hood , dousing she clothes -- oerstadt empty a five - gallon drum over she -- the woman seize and gasp , she cry muffle ; she 's struggle to breathe . oerstadt look down at she hand , at she splay finger : blood under she nail . he go to a workbench , take a pair of garden shear from its hook . bring the shear to she finger until all five be between the blade , just above the knuckle . she scream , in a kick frenzy , unable to move . he grip the handle , squeeze -- and a ambulance come crashing through the wall behind he . oerstadt whirl in shock , pelt by splinter and glass . he drop to the floor , crawl for cover -- doug push out of the ambulance , weapon up and out : doug , freeze ! Federal agent ! he aim into every corner , spin , search . oerstadt be go . the ambulance light strobe red-and - white , casting eerie shadow , its headlight shine bright . a figure dart through the light . Doug track it -- doug ( cont 'd ) I say freeze ! Doug fire a round . the silhouette freeze -- doug ( cont 'd ) down on the ground ! now ! on the ground ! oerstadt oh my gosh ... oh my gosh ! I be sorry ! oerstadt shuffles out of the headlight , hand up , cry -- oerstadt ( cont 'd ) don't kill I , don't kill I , please don't kill I -- ! and it happen too fast to see : he fire a tazer at Doug . who catch the wire and yank , pull oerstadt off he foot -- where Doug headbutt he full in the face . 93 . oerstadt stagger , fall back . Doug yank he forward again and punch he in the mouth . oerstadt crash onto he back . doug face down on the ground ! now ! roll over ! ( he kick oerstadt over ) now ! oerstadt roll over . Doug kick the tazer away , circle he with he gun -- it 's take everything he have not to shoot this guy . Doug reach into he jacket for he phone , never take he eye off oerstadt -- when suddenly the ambulance dip behind he , its front wheel cracking through the floorboard -- and oerstadt be on he instantly , slashing with the garden shear , knocking doug be gun away -- Doug fall , oerstadt lunge , blade snap at Doug 's face . Doug jump up onto the hood . oerstadt bear down with the shear , aim at Doug 's neck -- Doug grab the blade , hold they open with he bare hand . he cry out in pain -- blood appear between he finger -- yank hard to one side -- the blade punch through the metal hood next to Doug 's neck «« . and then there 's a loud splintering SOUND , the ambulance dip violently -— the entire floor give way , tipping the ambulance nose - first into a sinkhole . oerstadt roll off , but Doug fall in -- look up to see the ambulance sliding down to crush he . he duck , it stop short -- but now he 's trap under the vehicle . frantic footstep above . Doug edge out . he hear sound : something heavy roll across the floor . crunch grass . a door slam , a motor start . Doug stand up just in time to see taillight disappear outside . his face go slack . oerstadt get away . failure . Doug retrieve he gun -- then whirl -- the woman be still tape to the chair . hood and bound . Doug approach . she turn suddenly beneath the hood , she breath freezing at he approach . 94 . Doug halt , a mix of fear and wonder . be it really she ? he reach for the hood -- stop suddenly to wipe he face and fix he hair , a kid on a prom date , ridiculous moment -- reach for the hood again . the shadow of he hand bring a whimper from the woman . Doug take the hood in he finger and lift ... revealing duct tape ... lift it off of she face completely ... Douglas carlin and Claire Anne kuchever stare into each other 's eye for the first time . Doug be breathless . doug ( cont 'd ) Jesus , you be real . Claire scream through the tape , eye bright with terror -- doug ( cont 'd ) no=-no -no , it's okay , it's all right ! look , I be a Federal agent ! -- wait -- ( fumble with he jacket , thrust he i.d. at she ) I be a Federal agent ! I be here to get you out , it 's okay , he 's go ! Claire 's scream trail off into violent sobbing . Doug pull the tape off of she mouth -- claire get I out of here ! doug I will , I promise ! hold still -- Doug peel at the tape around she wrist but can not get he finger under it . he scratch at it , fumble . Claire 's tear subside . he smile awkwardly at she . doug ( cont 'd ) just be a minute . hi ... claire hi ... doug I be Doug carlin ... claire Claire kuchever . doug hi. 95 . claire hi ... he shake she bound hand , a dainty little tug . then look at she finger and smile -- all ten still there . claire ( cont 'd ) where be he ? do you catch he ? doug no . he drive off ... ( a beat , it hit he ) in you car . Doug ponder that for a moment . which be when the incendiary bomb goe off behind he . fireshot scatter through what 's leave of the bungalow . the floor ignite at once , flame run across spill fuel -- claire oh my God -- !! Doug claw at the tape , Claire strain at she bond -- claire ( cont 'd ) I out ! a2 it e ! Doug look around , frantic -- the wreck ambulance protect they from the blast but now it 's burn , too -- claire ( cont 'd ) I out ! he poured gas on I ! a2 ha E Doug run through the flame , jump onto the burn ambulance . pull at the garden shear bury in the hood -- claire ( cont 'd ) hurry ! hurry ! with the shear -- everything around Claire be on fire . Doug race back to she doug okay , pull up on you arm ! as hard as you can ! Claire cringe -- Doug cut away the tape from she arm , she ankle . doug ( cont 'd ) now do not run or you will catch fire ! wait ! okay ? claire okay ! 96 . he pull she to she foot . they scan the room together . the place be a inferno . they have second to live . doug grab my neck ! both arm , that 's it -— - here we go ! -- Doug haul Claire off the floor and run into the flame , carry she like a bride through a burn house doug ( cont 'd ) cover you face , do not look ! Claire bury she face against he -- he run for the open front wall -- everything be burn , everything 's fall -- ext . bungalow - night Doug pull Claire out of the bungalow just as the ambulance explode , throw both of they to the ground . Doug roll off of Claire ; they sit up , gasp for breath . doug be you all right ? claire uh-huh ... yeah . I be okay . thank you . Claire take a breath , try to compose herself . Doug stare at she . she notice he gaze . manage a brief smile . claire ( cont 'd ) I be okay . really ... doug sorry , I be just amaze that you be ... okay . claire no kid ... ( she look around ) where be this ? doug the middle of the pine barren . about forty mile from you house . claire forty mile from -- ( she look at he ) you know where I live ? oops . Doug nod . claire ( cont 'd ) you be a marshal ? 97 . doug FBI , special agent . claire and -- I be sorry , you tell I you name but I be so -- doug it 's okay ! you be busy . it 's doug. Doug stand , gaze out into the wood , worried . she look out into the darkness . claire what ... who do this ? ( it start to flood out of she ) and why ? and why I ? doug take it easy -- claire what do I do ? doug Claire -- you do not do anything . all right ? none of this be you fault . let 's just get you away from here . ext . bungalow - jeep - night Doug crawl into oerstadt 's Jeep , pull open the steering column . go to work hot-wire the ignition . doug just be a minute ... Claire stare at the bullet hole in the windshield . claire ( spook ) take you time . a spark -- the engine turn over -- int . jeep - moving - night Claire stare out the window as they drive through the night , barely light by the glow of the dashboard . claire where be we go ? doug back to you house . 98 . claire not to the police ? doug ( hesitates ) you be cover in gasoline . I will get you home , and then let I handle the police . Claire look down at she clothes . it suddenly hit she : claire oh god. oh God . I could have die back there ... I should be dead right now . doug do not say that ! claire I should be dead ... doug no , Claire ... you escape , you get away from the bad guy . you survive , you be go to be all right . Doug look at Claire , into she eye . doug ( cont 'd ) I know . ( beat ) it be a close call . and now ... it 's in the past . int . claire' house - live room - night Doug and Claire enter . Claire 's cat run under the couch . claire Ginger ! hey , gigi , it 's okay ... ( to Doug ) she always run away the first time she meet someone --— Doug crouch , coax the cat from under the couch . doug come on out , lil ' scruff -- claire ( laugh ) that 's so funny , I call she that -- her smile freeze for a moment , but Doug do not notice . Claire smile again when he look up at she . 99 . doug here she come ! hey , kitty ... he reach out , scratch the cat 's ear . claire oh , no wonder she 's spook -- I still smell like a tanker truck ! ( she laugh ) do you mind if I change ? doug of course not . I will get you a glass of water ? claire sure . I will just be a minute . doug okay . int . claire' house - kitchen - night Doug fill two glass at the sink . glance at the counter next to the refrigerator , blink -- there 's nothing there . he pull the tomato timer from he pocket . stare at the spot where he will find it tomorrow ... a spot which be now empty . he put the tomato timer in that exact spot , then step back . he snort in sudden laughter , giddy at the paradox . Doug can not help himself , go to the refrigerator . rearrange the magnetic poetry to read , ' you can save her . ' smile -- the sound of a washing machine call he attention -- he head back into the live room -- int . claire' house - live room - day Doug set two glass down . Claire drop the lid on she closet washer and come in from the hallway . claire ( 0.s. ) thanks for let I change . I guess I be all right now , if you need to go . doug I can stay a few minute if -— - Doug 's face go dead slack . she 's change into the same blue summer dress she be find dead in . doug ( cont 'd ) that dress ! 100 . claire what ? doug that dress ! do not wear that ! she stare at he . Doug catch himself . doug ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . I know this sound weird , but ... you should put on something else . a different color . Red , you have a red and white dress , right ? claire okay ... doug I be sorry -- there be ... a victim on this case , who wear a dress like that . claire oh . that 's understandable . I will be right out . she disappear into the bedroom again . Doug shake he head . doug ( under he breath ) shit , carlin , when do you get so sloppy ? claire ( 0.s. ) Doug ? could you come in here for a moment ? doug sure -- Doug walk into Claire 's bedroom -- int . claire' house - bedroom - night -- and Claire bash Doug across the back of the head with a porcelain vase , shatter it . Doug fall onto the bed , daze . Claire lunge at he , grab he holster . he roll over , she scream , pull he gun free -- claire stop ! stop right there !! Doug fight to not pass out . Claire 's get both hand on the gun , two finger on the trigger , and she be terrify . 101 . claire ( cont 'd ) don't move ! ( breathe hard ) I be call the police ! doug I be the police ... claire no you be not ! you be not ! you do not ask I any question -- you do not take a statement -- you do not even have a car ! and you know where my house be , and my cat 's name , and what 's in my closet ? doug Claire ... clatre who be you ? doug can I sit up ? I be not go to do anything . Claire do not answer . Doug sit up slowly . doug ( cont 'd ) I be a Federal agent ... part of a special investigative unit . we be work a terrorism case , tracking the man who try to kill you . claire how do I know that ? how do I know you be not he ? I have a hood over my head ! doug ( think about it ) look at my face . you scratch he face , right ? Claire nod , start to look doubtful . claire I wanna see you i.d. again . int . claire' house - live room - night Doug enter ahead of Claire . start to go to he jacket -- claire no ! go sit down . there -- on the couch . ( more ) 102 . claire ( cont would ) ( a idea ) sit on you hand ! Doug can not help but smile -- this lady have see she cop show . he sit on he hand , as direct . Claire dig into he jacket , pull out he cardkey , risk a glance at it . claire ( cont 'd ) this say brookhaven National Laboratory . doug the other one . Claire put the cardkey in she skirt pocket . she dig again , pull out he FBI badge . glance at the picture . pick up the phone , hit ' 0o . ' operator ( 0.8 . ) ( filter ) Operator -- claire yes , please connect I to the Long Island field Office of the Federal Bureau of investigation , please . Doug wait , nervous -- how 's this gonna go ? donnelly ( 0.8 . ) ( filter ) Long Island field Office , this be agent donnelly . claire yes , be there a agent Douglas carlin work out of that branch ? donnelly ( 0.s. ) ah , yes there be , but he 's not here at the moment , would you like to leave a message ? claire please ask he to call I back , at 462 - 8423 . donnelly ( 0.8 . ) oops , wait a sec , phone pad 's empty . Doug have a idea : doug ( softly ) ask he to call I on my cell phone . 103 . claire pardon I , agent donnelly ? could you try he on he cell ? it 's important . donnelly ( 0.s. ) ah , okay , please hold -- a click on the line as she 's put on hold . Doug smile grimly , wait . a moment later -- Doug 's cell phone ring in he jacket . Claire check : the caller display on the cell phone read FBI li field ofc . she lock eye with Doug . the ringing stop . donnelly ( 0.8 . ) ( cont 'd ) I be afraid he 's not available . claire I will try back later . Goodbye . she hang up . lower the gun ... hold it with two finger , offer it to he . claire ( cont 'd ) I be sorry ... Doug stand , a little woozy ... take the gun . doug . do not be . it be the right thing to do . claire ( wince at the sight of he head wound ) be you okay ? int . claire' house - bathroom - later Claire have a bottle of disinfectant and some cotton ball . Doug sit on the edge of the tub . Claire dab at the back at he head , throw the cotton ball in the trash . doug the man who attack you be Carroll oerstadt . he 's plan to blow up the orient Point ferry . claire oh my God . doug it will be all right . I know he plan . I know exactly where he 's go to be and what he 's go to do . 104 . claire how do you know that ? how do you know that thing about I ? Doug think it over -- where to start ? he look at she . doug what if you have to tell someone the most important thing in the world , but you know they would never believe you ? claire I would try . you do not know for sure what someone might believe . she dab he head again , throw another cotton ball away . doug ( a beat ) you will not believe I , but ... just for the sake of argument , let 's pretend that the FBI have this special device , and that I know what 's go to happen in the next six hour . claire I do not believe you . ( catch herself , smile ) wow . I guess you first prediction just come true . Claire dab he head again , throw the cotton ball away . doug it would make thing a lot easier if you just go with I on that -- claire ( a sudden think ) wait a second . if you know what 's go to happen , how come you do not you know I be go to hit you ? Doug pause -- good question . Claire smile ( gotcha ! ) and throw another cotton ball away -- Doug glance down at the wastebasket . it hit he . cotton ball with blood on they . doug oh , no . no. claire what ? 105 . int . claire' house - bedroom - night Doug stare at the piece of the break vase : doug shit . I have not change a thing ... int . claire' house - live room - night Doug come in , stare at the two glass ( with he fingerprint on they ) . he close he eye , try to think thing through ... come to a decision . one he do not like . doug Claire ... you have to come with I . claire what ? ( back away from he ) I think you say I be safe ! doug I be wrong . Claire , I do know what 's go to happen , some thing , anyway . ( look at she ) I have to go ... and I can not leave you alone . that bring fear to Claire 's eye . doug ( cont 'd ) Claire ... just ... look at I . there 's no argument I can make that will get you to believe I . but can you just look at I , and see that I be tell the truth ? Claire look at he ... she expression soften a bit . as bizarre as this be , she do believe he -- the phone ring . Claire move to answer it : doug ( cont 'd ) wait , do not answer that ! let I prove this -- let the machine pick it up . ( a beat ) okay , now that 's you friend Beth call . right ? to check up on you after you blind date . claire how do you know that ...? Claire 's machine click and play she outgo message : 106 . claire' message ( v.o. ) ( on the machine ) hello ! this be 462-8423 . I be sorry I miss you call ... doug okay now , watch I -- listen to Beth leave she message and watch my lip -- Claire frown . her machine beeps -- and Doug lip -synch exactly the word that Beth say over the speaker . beth ( 0.s. ) Claire ? hi , it 's Beth , be you there ? I be sorry to call so late , but you say you be go to call I when you get home , and when you do not , I start to get worried -- he do it complete with gesture -- utterly ridiculous comic moment -- Claire pull the phone off its base -- claire ( into phone ) be this a joke ? beth ( o.s. ) what ? no ! I be worried about you , that 's all . how would the date go -- claire I can not talk right now , someone 's here . I will call you tomorrow . beth ( 0.s. ) Claire -- ! Claire hang up the phone . Doug look at she imploringly . doug believe I . the only place you be safe be with I . Claire stare . come to a decision . one she do not like . claire what do we have to do ? int . jeep - moving - early morning Doug drive . Claire , in the passenger seat , pepper he with question . claire why not just call the police and just arrest he at the ferry ? 107 . doug I have see the plan for the bomb . there 's a remote detonation device . if we confront he , we be just kill a different group of people . claire so , arrest he before he get to the ferry ? doug in the city ? ( shake he head ) I do not know where he be , until he get to the ferry . then it 's too late . no , the safest way to separate he from the bomb ... be to let he put it in place . claire you know how to defuse a bomb ? doug ( smile ) I do that one . Claire shake she head ; it 's all too wild ... but she be fascinate . claire so ... you say you be part of a special surveillance unit . ( Doug nod ) and you have be watch I ? ( Doug nod ) what else do you know about I ? Doug grow quiet . he sigh . doug everything ... he glance over at she . doug ( cont 'd ) I know that you support yourself as a child 's book illustrator . I know that eight month ago you fiancé suddenly break it off and refuse to return you phone call . I know that you have be turn down by three adoption agency since January because they will not place a child with a single woman on a freelance income . Claire gasp . 108 . doug ( cont 'd ) I know that you put you explorer up for sale because you have give up on ever have a big family . and that you say grace before meal even when you dine alone . that you write poem in you Christmas card . that you love cary grant movie . that you get stand up tonight . ( beat ) and I know that you dance with you cat sometimes , when it 's late and you have be alone all day . Claire be blow away . do not know what to say . claire you know all that thing about I ... I do not know anything about you . doug I be ... I be a guy who like the fact you do all that thing . they share a smile . Doug look back at the road . which let Claire study he face ... ext . orient point side STREET - day Doug park the Jeep on a side street , well away from the ferry . angle it in behind a large dumpster . doug . we can walk from here . claire why here ? doug we can not let oerstadt see he own car . we want he to think everything be go perfectly . ext . ferry - boardwalk - day flag tie to car and stroller , couple hand in hand , score of family with camera and kid in tow . doug and claire keep watch on the ferry from a safe distance , stand next to a cotton candy stand . the dock be cramme with people and vehicle -- row of car , rv 's and truck in line to board the Sea bride . suddenly Claire 's breath catch : 109 . claire there . look . in the auto cue , oerstadt ride by in Claire 's explorer , head into the parking deck . doug yeah . that 's he . Claire stare at she killer 's face for the first time , quietly terrify . claire oh God . just like you say ... ferry worker wave a military transport vehicle into the car deck through a open bow door . other car follow -- -- include oerstadt , drive off the dock and onto the ferry , pass by a wait shuttle bus . Doug and Claire watch from outside , wait . claire no. forget it . we need to call the police -- doug no -- claire all this people -- doug Claire ... in a minute oerstadt be go to get off that ferry . he 's go to get on that shuttle bus , and ride it out to the tip of orient Point . there he 's go watch the ferry from shore as it sail out of trigger range , then he will wait to see the bomb go off . at the ferry , oerstadt appear . scan the crowd . doug ( cont 'd ) if at any point before that , he suspect anything , he will set it off immediately . oerstadt wear he camera bag , stand with one hand in he pocket . then walk purposefully through the crowd , straight toward the shuttle bus ... and get on . Claire let out she breath . but Doug wait , still watch . Claire look at he , questioningly . Doug still wait -- 110 . at the ferry , the shuttle pull away . Doug smile . ext . dock authority - continuous Doug escort Claire to the dock Authority . doug twenty - two minute after the ferry leave , it 's go to pass a Coast Guard cutter . we will hail the cutter and evacuate everyone from the ferry , then I will disarm the bomb . claire will you have enough time ? doug it 's the only time we have get . Claire start to protest -- doug ( cont 'd ) we be try to cheat fate here , Claire . this guy 's get everything else cover . they reach the door . claire do I tell they about you ? doug I , the bomb , everything -- include where to find oerstadt now . show they the Jeep if they do not believe you . just wait until after the ferry 's well underway . claire Doug , I know this sound silly , but .»-. I will say a prayer for you . Doug smile and grasp she hand . doug stay ridiculously safe . I will see you later . Doug head off toward the ferry . Claire watch he go . ext . shuttle bus - window - day oerstadt ride along , gaze absently out he window -- and then the bus suddenly stop . oerstadt lean , try to look ahead to see what happen -- 111 . the bus driver frown , look ahead -- through the window , there be roadwork in the way ; a large orange sign read detour . the Bus Driver sigh , turn the big wheel ... ext . side STREET - day again the bus come to a stop . a large moving van block the road ahead . oerstadt gaze out the window -- he 's look down the exact street where Doug and Claire hide he Jeep . he can not see it though , because the Jeep be well - hide behind the dumpster . but just then , a garbage truck move its fork into place beneath the dumpster , and lift it up -- -- give oerstadt a brief glimpse of he shattered Jeep , park along the street . oerstadt stare . ext . ferry - day close on : a doll , float face down in the water -- we be right back to the open of we story . at the rail above , Janice look down . Beth pull she away . beth do not worry , baby , we will get you another one ... Beth and Janice merge into the crowd -- as doug push past they , step onto the ferry . int . build - port authority - day a wide foyer with ticket window , long bench , wait passenger . Claire , visibly nervous , pace near the Police help desk . the desk clerk look up at she : desk clerk can I help you ? claire ( glance up at the clock ) not for another ten minute , thank you . she move away . the desk clerk watch she a odd moment , then turn to help another customer . Claire pause at the window , look out at the ferry -- 112 . -- as oerstadt hurry past the window , head back to the board ramp . Claire jump back . a million thought race through she head -- what to do ? she look toward the Police desk , then back out to the ferry -- ext . boardwalk — day Claire step out of the building . in the crowd ahead , there 's oerstadt , move quickly onto the ferry . Claire agonize in quiet terror . come to a decision . curse under she breath ... and run toward the board ramp . ext . ferry - SUN deck - day a group of elderly veteran with potbelly and thick glass greet several younger , long -haired vets with hug and backslap . claire move past , search for a way down to the auto level . suddenly : janice ( 0.8 ) Claire ! Claire spin , mortify . Janice be wave she arm : janice ( cont 'd ) Claire ! look , Mom , it 's Claire ! Claire shake she head no , back away . Beth spot she . beth Claire , over here ! Claire ! people be turn to look now . Claire spin , frantic , spot a gangway -- dodge through the crowd , disappear . Beth frown . beth ( cont 'd ) huh ! wonder what that be all about ? Beth turn away -- she , look after Claire . he step forward , follow she -- int . bridge - day the ferry captain look out through the forward window . behind he , the pilot look over he shoulder : pilot five minute past the hour , sir . the Captain nod . the horn sound -- 113 . ext . long island SOUND - day the Sea bride cut a wake as it churn past the orient Point lighthouse , head out into Long Island sound . ext . ferry - second level deck - day Doug stand along the ship 's rail as the ship pass the lighthouse . he check he watch : doug . damn . running late already ... he edge past the group of kindergartner and they teacher , find a ladder and climb out of view -- -- just as claire step onto the walkway , too late to see he . she hurry by , casting glance behind she -- ext . long island SOUND - day well underway , the ferry pass a coast guard cutter . the cutter 's crew wave to the holiday crowd ; the ferry passenger wave back . a fanfare strike -- ext . bridge tower - day Doug tap on the glass door to the ferry 's control cabin . the man inside be startle ; one of they come to the door : ferry officer Sir , this area be off-limit -- doug ( flash he i.d. ) I be a Federal agent , this be a emergency . I need to speak to the Captain . captain what emergency ? doug Captain , I need you to hail that cutter we just pass and advise they that there may be a bomb onboard -- tell they to come alongside -- captain what ?! pilot Jesus -- 114 . doug we be gonna need to evacuate every one of this people -- as he gesture at the Sun deck below he , Doug naturally glance down -- and see oerstadt on deck , walk past the navy band , intent on something out of view . Doug 's eye go wide in utter disbelief . captain ( 0.8 . ) ( go on behind he ) in the middle of the sound ? onto a cutter half we size ?! I be not hail anyone until you tell I exactly how you know -- doug never mind . captain and where it 's -- what ? doug never mind ! you be right -- do not do anything until I confirm the threat . understand ? do not do anything differently ! I will be right back ! Doug vault down the ladder . the Captain and Pilot look at each other , then the Captain grab the conn mike : captain Calling any Coast Guard , call any Coast Guard , this be csf Sea bride , please come in , over -- int . restaurant deck - day filled with people -- read , play card , scolding they kid , eat hot dog -- claire duck in , glance behind she , weaving through the crowded table towards the back exit -- ext . SUN deck - day a navy band -- two dozen sailor in dress white -- play a John Philip sousa tune for the passenger . above they hang a banner , ' welcome subase new london family !' aman in a wheelchair sleep next to a kid in a stroller . Doug land on the deck next to they , move past —- 115 . ext . ferry passageway - day Claire emerge from the restaurant as a ferry worker ( the game guy we see smoking at the open ) pass by . she touch he arm -— - claire Excuse I , how would I get down to the car deck from here ? ferry worker car deck 's close , mar 'am . claire yes , I know that but -- he walk away without listen . Claire watch , turn away ++. and walk into oerstadt , who stand before she , smile . oerstadt you be look for the car deck , miss ? I can show you where that be . Claire seize in terror . he smile , friendly in the confidence that she can not possibly know who he be . Claire realize he think she do not know he . tries to keep she voice even . claire can you ? I leave my purse in my car . she force she eye up to he . meet he gaze . he look straight into she soul . his smile melt . frozen moment . oerstadt 's sudden lunge for she , and the struggle that follow , be mask by the crash of cymbal and a JOHN philip sousa tune from the deck band -- ext . SUN deck - day Doug spin , pace through the crowd . he pass the band and suddenly notice something out on the water -- in the distance , the coast guard cutter turn , come back around pursue the ferry . doug no , no , no , damn it ...! Doug check he watch , give the deck one last look for oerstadt . pushes off the rail and run down the walkway -- 116 . int . car deck - day over a hundred vehicle park end - to -end , on two level along the keel and down four center lane . Doug vault a chain barrier . look around : the parking bay seem desert , all the car empty . Doug pull he gun . edge through the parking bay , try to keep hide while search for the explorer . not a easy task -- there be military vehicle and at least one school bus obscure he view . he hear something -- someone try to strike a flint , over and over . Doug come around a vehicle with he gun -- surprise the ferry Worker , try to light he cigarette . ferry worker aaaa ! what the -- doug get out . now . the ferry Worker scramble to he foot , run out of the bay . Doug never give he a second glance -- on the second level hull ramp Claire 's explorer rest on a incline above the main car deck , three car away from the hydraulic door- ramp that lead to open water -- -- and ten foot above Doug , who stand look up at it . moment later -- Doug be on the second level , edging toward the vehicle . he glance at the bumper -- the license plate have be remove . he look through the back window -- four orange barrel inside . he look through the front windshield . where he eye meet claire be , stare back at he in wet terror , wrist bound to the steering column , duct tape over she mouth , a thin whine building in she throat -- doug ( cont 'd ) claire ! Jesus --— he claw at the door handle -- -- when two tazer wire fire into he back , zap he into a seizure . Doug jerk spasmodically , drop the gun , fall over the rail -- 117 . Doug land on a car , shatter its windshield . he 's on he back , eyelid flutter at the edge of consciousness -- doug be Pov - the underside of Claire 's car -- and oerstadt , wear a orange life vest , look down at he from the ramp above . oerstadt reach into he camera bag , no hurry . pull outa pipe bomb . Doug moan , try to move -- oerstadt pound the pipe bomb once on the rail , and toss it at he -— - Doug slide off the hood just as the pipe bomb fall through the shattered windshield . the car explode , debris fly -- Doug slide under a military transport truck , crawl for he life . another pipe bomb pound the rail , another toss -- the transport truck explode -- on the ramp , oerstadt hold another pipe bomb but can not see which car Doug be hide under . the parking deck be filling with smoke -- other car be catch FIRE -- Doug crawl beneath another vehicle , try to make he way back under the ramp . a pool of burning fuel spread after he -- another pipe bomb fall , explode -- claire glare out the windshield as oerstadt walk by she window -- he bend out of view , come up with Doug 's gun , pace in front of the vehicle , look for Doug -- Claire struggle to pull she wrist free of the wheel , she finger strain to reach the gear shift , just out of reach . doug drag himself out from under a station wagon , climb onto it . oerstadt pace above -- Doug see he chance , leap for the overhange ramp above and grab the edge . he pull himself up -- -- and find himself stare into the barrel of he own gun . Doug hang there in resignation -- it 's over . oerstadt stare at he , about to fire -- doug I have a message for you ... from Melissa Jean brook . oerstadt blink , momentarily dumbstruck . oerstadt what ? doug go to Hell . 118. oerstadt 's shock become sudden fury -- he aim the gun into Doug 's forehead -- -- as Claire suddenly pull the explorer out of gear and roll into he from behind , knock he off - balance . oerstadt spin and fall hard , he camera bag slamm into the rail with a metallic bang -- -- and with the distinctive SOUND of one of oerstadt's pipe bomb suddenly priming . he and Doug exchange look . oerstadt oh my gosh -- oh my gosh !!! oerstadt struggle with the camera bag but it 's stick on he shoulder . other pipe bomb spill onto the ramp , roll down the incline toward the big hydraulic door -- doug claire , lie down !!! Doug drop to the floor and roll for cover -- oerstadt explode , take half the second level ramp with he . the car between Claire 's explorer and the bay door spill and tumble off of the ramp , landing on the car below -- Doug roll to he foot , check he watch -- it 's 10:45 . another explosion rock the entire deck , blowing the forward car ramp halfway OPEN toward the water , expose a swath of sky and a roll horizon . Doug run back under where the upper ramp be still solid , climb onto it -- doug ( cont 'd ) Claire ! Claire !! he run along the edge to the explorer . pull out Claire 's key , unlock she passenger door and get in -- int . explorer - day Claire be still bound to the wheel , a roll of duct tape on the seat beside she . Doug tear it from she mouth -- claire ( gasp ) . I be sorry ! I see he get on and I do not know what to do -- I have to warn you -— — 119 . doug it 's okay ! you just save my life ! ( he smile , pull at she tape wrist ) be you all right ? claire I be okay -- ( she try to make a joke ) how come whatever we do , we end up like this ? Doug freeze at that . he look at he watch -- 10:46 now . doug less than two minute ... claire two minute ...? ( then ) oh my God ! can you stop it ? doug not enough time . he get she hand free , start to work on she ankle -- doug ( cont 'd ) help I , hurry ! claire ( pull at the tape ) what be we gonna do ? what do we do ? he lean over with she key , put they in the ignition and turn the motor over . doug you be gonna get topside as fast as you can -- he crank it again -- the motor start . doug ( cont 'd ) I will take care of this ! claire how -- ? suddenly they be interrupt by the crackle of a bullhorn : coast guard officer step out of the vehicle ! Doug and Claire spin , look out she window : 120 . coast guardsmen flood the parking deck , take position , weapon draw and ready to fire . coast guard officer ( cont 'd ) put you hand in the AIR and step out of the vehicle immediately ! Doug and Claire look at each other in complete dread . coast guard officer ( cont 'd ) out of the vehicle ! now !!! Claire look to Doug . Doug shake he head no , whisper : doug if we get out of this car , everybody die . Claire swallow , fight panic : claire what do we do ...? coast guard officer you have till the count of three ! ( beat ) one ! they be nearly surround now . Doug and Claire look forward out the windshield , at the only clear path leave : the open bay door , what 's leave of the car ramp , the wide ocean beyond . they look into each other 's eye , a share moment . coast guard officer ( cont 'd ) two ! Doug slide over in the seat , close he hand over hers on the wheel . Claire step on the gas , revving the engine to a high idle . the Coast guardsman shout to each other ... and suddenly the car radio snap on all by itself . radio deejay ( v.0 . ) ( filter ) it 's ten forty - eight on Endless summer Sunday ... now let 's go back in time to 1964 and the Beach boy ! on Long Island 's 98 fm -- Doug pop the gear shift into drive and Claire floor it . 121. int . parking deck - day the explorer 's wheel spin smoke on the metal ramp and it shoot forward , jump the jag edge and clipping several car beneath it . the Coast Guard OPEN FIRE -- the explorer race up the bow door like a boat over a stunt ramp and launch out into space -- ext . ferry - in the BAY the explorer burst from the ferry 's bow like a cannon shot . its wheel spin in mid-air -- its nose dip , plow into the water -- int . explorer Doug and Claire be throw into the dashboard , nearly out of they seat -- ext . BAY the explorer bob in the water and come to rest ... not sink . seem like it will not . then -- the ferry' bow smashes into the side of the car and plow over it , shrieking metal -on -metal , force it underwater -- int . explorer - underwater Doug and Claire tumble like sock in a dryer , roll with the submerge car -- the barrel roll and smash into each other , rupture , splash fuel all over Claire 's back -- the beach boy ( v.0 . ) well , it 's be building up inside of I for , oh , I do not know how long -- ext . underwater the explorer scrape and roll along the keel as if tumble down a mountain upside - down -- the side window shatter and collapse , flooding the car -- the beach boy ( v.o . ) I do not know why , but I keep thinkin 's somethin 's bound to go wrong ... int . explorer - underwater seawater engulf they . Claire can not see . her breath escape in a rush of bubbles , she 's panic -- doug's hand appear , pull she to the door , to the window , it 's open -- she flail and kick through break glass -- 122 . -- claw for the surface as the ferry pass overhead , churn , deafen , so far above -- she will never make it , she 's too far down , start choke -- and beneath she -- the bomb explode . ext . long island SOUND Claire be hurl up through white water and erupt from the ferry' wake . she tumble end - over - end in a slow motion free fall high over the sound , limp , weightless , plummete . she hit the water face - first in a tremendous splash and disappear into the simmer water . it close over she , smoothes out , become still . claire' body float to the surface , hang face down in dark green water . it bob there , hair wave in easy ripple , not move . float wreckage , flame on the water . stillness . then -- Claire convulse , head throw back in a wrenching gasp . she take air in huge breath , cough , sputtering , violent for life -- struggle to tread water as a shadow pass over -- -- and suddenly three coast guard crewmen splash into the water around she . arm across she chest pull she into a back float , away to safety . ext . coast guard cutter deck - day Claire be bring onto the deck with other ferry passengers ; more be still come aboard , cough and sooty . behind they the ferry burn ; fireboat spray water into its bow as black smoke billow forth . Claire do not hear any of it , just sit tremble . her hand shake as she bring they up and stare at they ... ten finger , all fine . she pull she hair away from she eye , blink . as she do , she eye focus on something , something in the distance . out there , in a pool of burn fuel -- doug's body lie face up in the tide . his eye be lifeless , he body blacken ; he leg and lower torso be in flame . there can be no question that he 's dead . claire watch , freeze . Doug sway with the wave , then begin slowly sinking from view , one arm float out at a cruel angle . just before he vanish forever , we see Doug 's hand . 123 . all five finger have be shear away , leave rag stump . the water close over he completely , then ripple and smoothes out , until only flame remain . on claire in shock . she blink , tremble . her eye begin to fill . then suddenly she 's surround -- a oxygen mask be place over she mouth -- medic be there , calming she , check she out , pull she away ... dissolve to : ext . disaster recovery site - afternoon the cutter have dock ; ferry passenger be unload as ems worker and news crews swarm the pier . Claire wander down the ramp , daze . stop at a familiar voice -- beth Claire ? Claire ! ( to Janice ) honey , look , there she be ! it 's Beth and Janice . Janice run up to Claire , slam into she . Claire barely flinch , still in shock . beth ( cont 'd ) Claire ... ire . ( Claire look at she ) my God , you be drench . what happen ? be you all right ? Claire 's eye focus . she look down at Janice , look around : a smoking ferry worker be come down the ramp , help a man in a wheelchair . next to they a kid in a stroller be also be wheeled down , still sleep . at the base of the ramp , a harry teacher try to get a head count as she kindergartner crowd around she . nearby : cop ( 0.s. ) -- we do not know yet , mar 'am , please , we do not know -- elderly woman my daughter 's on that ferry , oh God my daughter --! crying man just let we ask , maybe they be here , maybe someone see they -- 124 . elderly woman ( suddenly a gasp ) chrissie ! the teacher spin at hearing she name , smile as the elderly couple rush over to meet she . around they other parent run to the group and to they own child ... +. as the shell -shocked woman run across the blacktop to embrace she husband ... ++. and the group of cadet exchange hug and backslap with the navy band , all of they laugh now . claire see it all , a epiphany of gratitude and relief . everyone who have die before be fine . everyone . beth ( 0.s. ) so be he the man of you dream ? Claire spin . claire what ...? beth the guy you meet . last night ? suddenly Claire can not speak . but she nod " yes . " beth ( cont 'd ) Claire , I be sorry but I have to call David and let he know we be okay ... claire that 's okay -- go! oh , and Beth ? ( Beth turn ) can you call my parent for I ? beth ( smile ) of course ! ( take Janice ) come on , baby , we be gonna call daddy . Janice look back ; Claire smile and give she a wave . Claire watch they go , off together across the blacktop ... past the family , past search and rescue vehicle , past the black FBI car where doug be stand watching the dock -— Claire gasp so violently she nearly faint . it 's Doug . the Doug who we see in the open scene , who have never be through the time window ... who have never meet Claire . 125 . he stand by he car , watch the dock , take it all in . just as he do before . claire oh GOD ! -- oh God , oh God ! -- Claire struggle to breathe , ready to pass out -- Doug be talk to andy pryzwarra , who have just introduce himself . Doug ask he to step aside slightly and look out over the dock again . pryzwarra scan the dock with he . pryzwarra what be we look for ? doug anything that do not belong . Doug notice a shell - shocked woman -- claire this time -- stand alone . she 's stare at he , drench and tremble . across the dock Claire sway on she foot . Doug be look at she now . Claire do not move . across the dock Doug look unsettle -- that woman be still stare at he . he stare back , curious now . Doug head over to a ems worker , grab a blanket . Claire 's breath freeze -- because now he 's walk toward her . Claire do not move . Doug walk right up to Claire and put the blanket around she shoulder : doug ( cont 'd ) it 's all right , miss . you be in shock . and claire break down , cry so hard she can not speak . she throw she arm around Doug and weep into he neck , bawling . doug ( cont 'd ) it 's okay . you be okay now . Doug put he arm around she , awkwardly , bewilder . claire I do not understand ! 126 . doug shh , shhhh ... you be gonna be fine . she start to calm down in he arm . over she shoulder , Doug see a group of red cross volunteer , wave to one of they behind Claire 's back . take Claire that way . doug ( cont 'd ) miss , this people can help you -- claire no ! she cling to he , he pull she hand away -- doug it 's okay , you be go to be fine . claire no , wait ! doug look , you be safe , I have to go back over there -- claire Doug ! Doug stop -- she know he name ? Claire gather herself : claire ( cont 'd ) what would you do ... if you have to tell someone the most important thing in the world ... but you know they would never believe you ? she stand open to he , still in tear . doug ( suspicicus now ) do you have something to tell I about what happen here today ? Claire swallow , finally nod . Doug consider , look around . doug ( cont 'd ) okay . okay . hold that think . he take she arm . they walk together -- Doug bring she over to he car , open the passenger door for she -- doug ( cont 'd ) watch you head , that 's it ... 127 . int . doug be car - day the door cut off sound from outside . Claire watch through the windshield as Doug go to pryzwarra and confer silently with he , point at Claire . as she watch , she feel something in she dress pocket , take it out : a brookhaven lab cardkey bear Doug 's name and photo , tomorrow 's date clearly visible . Claire stare at it , beginning to comprehend . she hide the card as Doug slide behind the wheel . doug you be not under arrest , but I be go to need to take a statement -- as he key the ignition he car radio start -- he reach for the knob but stop mid-reach : the beach boy ( v.o. ) she tell I , " baby , when you race today just take along my love with you ... and if you know how much I love you , baby , nothin’ could go wrong with you ... " Doug stare at the radio , transfix somehow . Claire watch he . do he know ? do he remember ? Doug turn to Claire , look at she as if see she for the first time . it 's almost as if he know she somehow but can not figure out how . a look of deja vu . Claire look into he eye . ( do he know ? do he remember ? ) Doug look away , daze , then notice something new . he look out through the windshield , out at the sky . claire what be it ? Doug blink , unsettle . doug it be suppose to be raining by now . Claire look out the window -- it 's a bright blue sky , not a cloud anywhere . she shrug : claire I guess God change his mind . they look at each other . 128. ext . dock - wide they car head out of the recovery area , past hundred of people . Doug and Claire look out as they weave past . the beach boy ( v.o. ) do not worry , baby , do not worry , baby , everything will turn out all right ... do not worry , baby , everything will turn out all right ... they pull out of the lot and drive away . fade out . the end