" deliverance " by James dickey " deliverance " ' from the novel by jame dickey screenplay by jame dickey and JOHN boorman second draft January 11 , 1971 i. ext , dam project ( helicopter ) day a long high view of a gap between two mountain which be gradually be damme , a endless convoy of truck wind 's up a temporary road to the dam , each tip its load of rock and rubble , then turn down again . a deep wood valley be slowly be wall - up . at the base of the dam a silver thread of river still escape through a open sluice - gate . a huge billboard proclaim ' the cahulawassee dam Project ! and show a artist 's im - pression of the finish dam and a idyllic lake behind it . MAIN title begin . ext , cahulawassee river day follow the river up stream from the dam through tall secret wood and naked rock face , up the white water of angry rapid , across still deep pool and finally to a road bridge where a decrepit , small Southern town straddle its bank . move in closer to a clump of tree by the riverside and on through the tree to reveal a old cemetary where , Men be digging up grave , disinterring the dead , rotting coffin be pile on to a truck , catafalque be break asunder , head stone pile up in neat stack like slice bread , . title conclude . ext . field archery range dusk the face of ed gentry in profile : a indoor-desk man in early middle - age , flesh a little soft . he be wear a bushhat and shoot arrow , the bow string appear , crawn back and press into the cheek by the finger of he right hand , the arrow lie across he face , the feather rasp against the bristle of he jowl . his eye line up benind a curious orange peephole in the bow-stre , far-focusing . the nice , open , suburban american face contort in the act of con - centration , become animal and a little frightening . then the finger relax and the arrow be simply no longer there . the face fall bark to what it be . lewis medlock 's head come into view alongside and just behind ed 's , he glance off at the unseen target and then at ed . lewis have a powerful , ascetic face with bright alert eye that might be just a little manic . ( continued ) 2. / 3 ( cont . ) c&d lewis : 4 a little high . eleven o'clock . ed draw another arrow , he face again transfigure by the power of full draw . still the target be unseen , oniy the face of the two man visible . he stay a long time at full - draw , he start to shake and the arrow rip away , fly out of the bow . ed curse . ed why do that happen , Lewis ? lewis it happen . lewis take ed 's place , knock a arrow . ed shake he head disgust . lewis draw hysteria , you eithsr conquer it and make it work for you , or it destroy you as - a archer . lewis draw , hold the bow high and bring it down on ( '' to the target , revealing a glimpse of a awesome bicep . 7 , he be confident , calm , mystical . ed 's look be amused , affectionate , but definitely impressed . lewis shoot a arrow beautifully , rhythmically , with a perfect tranquil follow - through . he finish and the two men walk towards the target be - vealing themselves fully for the first time , also the range . field archery be ' something like golf , a series of target at different distance set amongst tree and brush . this one have be artifically develop on wasteland in the eity itself . it be a little patch of wild wood hemmed in on one side by a elevate freeway , on the other , by railway siding and indeterminate industrial buiiding . the target be pin to bale of straw and this one be in the shape of a paper deer , they examine they shot and pull out the arrow , the paper deer and the city loom over they make the archery seem very tame , a faint echo of what it once mean to hunter and warrior . lewis straighten up as though suddenly aware of this , look round at the range with some contempt , he power ~ ful chest frame against the freeway . a . : conti ) for _ ) ( nued co 3. 3 ( go . 2 ) lewis ( intone it ) the cahulawassee River ! wait till you see it , Ed . I tell you , it 's wild and beautiful . he speak softly , he voice hypnotic , he look off into the distance as though he can see the river and ed follow he eyeline towards the city that be lighting up for the night . lewis when you get that white water under you , thing change , and all of this be wash away . then break off , move away , he say mockingly over he shoulder . lewis and they have get deer up there , Ed , and they be make of meat instead of paper . ed follow he , laugh . int , / ext . restaurant bar atlanta day lewis and ed have be lunching or drink beer with two other man , bobby and drew , all four be in they late thirty or early forty . they wear lightweight 's business suit , all but lewis who have on a expensive sport shirt . they be milling around the cash desk , pay the tab , talk and laugh . bobby but we know nothing about canoe , Lewis . they spill out of the door . '' lewis ( plausible and persuasive ) there 's nothing to it . we leave Friday morning at first light and we will be back on Sunday in time to catch the last half of the tv pro game . 4 . ext , arcade . " day they amble with ths crowd dlong a sink arcade . the city road and sidewalk cross above they . bcbby eooe but shoot ranid : lewis sure , it 's the second best sen - sation in . the world . they start up a spiral of step , up to street level , the impression be of river of peopie flow above they , below they , around they . | drew ( poke fun at Lewis ) the vanish wilderness , huh ? lewis ( relentless ) this be , when the dam at aintry be finish , the water ' 1ll back up and the river 's go to disappear for ever , it !s we last chance to see it , ext , peachtree STREET atlanta day they bob up into the biaze sun . the black glass cir - cular tower of the regensy Hyatt House Hotel dominate the street . drab typist and flabby business msn thread they way back to the office block cver the hot sidewaik , the street be snarl . with traffic , choke with exhaust fume , up the street there have be a minor accident , drew ( the stifling crowd decide he ) Hell , let 's take it then . bobby why not ? ed watch all this , the dead face ef the crowd , the moan of the traffic lewis susk they ail into hig scheme . he be evidently oppress by it but do nothing about it , too lethargic perhaps , his eye mcve to the black glass tower , the city reflect and grament in its facet . drew { 0.s. ) I have get to go . ( continued ) 6 ( cont . ) bobby ' ( 0.8 . ) '' yeah , Lewis , some of we have to work for a live . Te int . ed' office day it 4s modern , tasteful , there be some very good action portrait of he wife and son on the wall with one or two frame art director award . his desk be strewn with rough , drawing , sample of lettering , haif - finish comp , and prominently , layout for a ad for kitt and britches , it be a draw of a girl in nothing but panty hold a kitten and look back over she shoulder . ed look at none of this but stand motionless , lethargic at the enormous window that make up the cuter wall . he be stare at the same round , black tower which be much closer now , just across the street . it throw back its break , kaleidcscopic view of the city . the ' phone ring . without move he eye from the tower , he answer it . 7 ? C ed you be all ready back there ? I will be down in a second . he put down the ' phone , take a deep breath , exhales it sharply , and go out of he door , carry the kitt to britches layout . 8 . int , advertising studio day ed come out of he private office and walk down the length of . a large open - bay studio where some of the commercial artist be work or laugh or talk . ed assume the air of dynamic executive and he employee smile or nod to he familiarly , but get back to they work too , ed enter a door at the end of the room , 9 . int , photographic studio day the model , in a black and white check rcbe , be sit in a camp chair . a oider woman , obviously a employee , be hold a kitten . two or three man be bustie about under the light . they clear away newspaper from the place where the model will stand to be photograph , they be '' incredibiy serious and intense as only man do something fundementaliy trivial , can be . ( continued > co 9 ( cont . ) 6. the model stand on ths chalk mark and a girl assistant take she robe . the model be reveal , wear . only the kitt and britches . ed 's mouth open and tmy God ? look in he shapely but muscular , he suck in breath . there be a face . she be brown and freckle , but above ail fresh , a country girl . her arm be fold across she tare treast . the woman hand she the kitten . she take it in one hand , and to protect herself , simply hold she leave breast in she hand in a beautiful gesture . at the same time she turn and catch ed 's look , recognise the homage it pay she . she smile at he , not a simper or coquettish lock , but in a simple act of private give . ed stretch out a arm and touch she shoulder with he finger tip . 10 . int , ed' bedroom dawn his wife , martha , lie with she back face ed . he stretch out he hand and touch she shoulder in exactly the same spot as he do the model girl , it might even be the model girl at this point . with a movement that martha respond by turn towards he be entirely habitual . she have she head wrap in a kind of towel , the sort of protective cover that suffere rs from sinusitis wear , she dee not open she eye , even when she speak , they ar both very still , there be a faint tinkie , as of chinese wind - bell , martha be you really go ? I think so , ed martha gan I do anything ? ed just one thing . her eye open . what time i Lewis will not have time . martha 's it ? do we have time ? ed be by tillsix . we ( continued ) CO to 10 ( cont . ) 11 . 12 . 13 . still neither have move or touch . '' martha ( very softly ) which way , honey ? ed why do not you turn over this time . she be on she side , face he . she look at he , try to read he , but he shut she out . she pulis a pillow down to she pelvis then turn slowly on to it , bury she face . in the bed . ed crawl to she , and over she , look down at she back . flash CUT . the model girl turn , smile , take she breast in she hand , int , ed' live room day lewis , ready for the wood , stand . frame in the open back door , he look in , grin , a little crazily . at first it seem he might bse watch ed and martha in bed ; but then ed appear , dress , with he bow in he hand , knife and rope on he belt , lewis ( softly ) the sun 's come up . up north the water 's run . ext , ed' backyard day a long , curve aiuminum canoe lie across the top of lewis ! stationwagon , blend into it in the early mcrne half - light , transform the familiar careshap . , ed and lewis climb in . the back of the car be pack with equipment , tent and so on , mostly in various shade of green , the car back cut inte the desert suburban street leave martha and dean , Ed 's son , huddle together , wave . int , lewis ' car day lewis be car be park outside a apartment bleck , : ( continued ) 8 . eo - 13 ( cont . ) : C 7 bobby emerge from it with ed . they climb into the car and . lewis spurt away as thougn they have rob a bank . bobby be bleary - eye , he hair unkempt . he slump into the back , lewis frown at he through the rear-view mirror , bobby sorry , friend . wow . what a night that be . this demure little hcouse - wife want to buy insuranse on she husband 's lif - whil he 's away - always a promise situation - but this time ! oh boy ! it have to bs on he bed , and the whcle time ske just curse and cuss he , I could not shake off the feel she be use I . they all laugh , bobby 's story restore they gocdspirits . bobby ( lock arcund vaguely ) hey , where 's Drew ? . lewis he have to fix something at he bottle plant at the last minute . I never hr , think get four guy out of this NW city could be so tough . ed maybe the city do not want to lose we . lewis eooe the old where . 1h . int , soft -drink bottling plant day a low modern factory , no window , thousands of bottle jerk . along conveyor belt , be wash , fill , cap and pack . lewis , '' ed and bobby lounge around watch while drew fiddy with diais on a electronics control panei , the pliant be totally automated , drew the computer indicate a demandedrop ever the next 48 heur . I just have to set the new work rate , they be like baby , this computer , incredibly demand . bobby pick up a bottle and read the smail print arcund the base , om — ae ( continued ) 9 . 14 ( cont ... ) ow bobby ( '' / 4 ( read ) a artificially flavoure , saccharine sweeten , aerate drink with approve coloring . ‘he look up ) it 's should be calisd ' sweet fuck - all ! because that 's what it be , ed the machine reaily run America , do not it ? alii the whil Drew 's out there on the river , this plac ' 11l be work its ass off . not a soul here . _ bobby nobody , make millicn of betty of ncthing . lewis straightsns up and move a pase or two into the complex of revclving mashinery and criss -cross line of juddering tottles , his physical presence be like a challeng to the machine . . qo lewis ey well , I think the machine be go {\ . to fail , : drew not this on , I kepe . not this weekend anyway . lewis the machine be go to fail and the pciiticai system be go to fail , and if they do not peopie be go to smash they down , '' ed and what then - lewis then itis gcing so come dewn to who can survive and whe can not , when the light gc out and the tabs be dry . survival , and there they stand , four man in the middie of a convulsive forest of botty . 10 . 15 . ext , highway , , day the car with canoe on they - top drive through the ugly . clutter of the outskirt of the city , past drive - in , motel , shopping center , fill station . the morning traffic be go into the city as they head out . 16 . int . lewis ! car : day lewis be drive . he hold the wheel at the top with he hand cross and he arm at full stretch , tensing | he against the seat , . lewis ' ees . the human body . that 's the one thing you can not fake . no way . - ed go ahead . crucify yourself lift weight . I be commit a to the machine . and America . ( '' outside on the highway the billboard , the electric pylon , stride across the countryside proclaim they dominance , lewis we take the wrong road . it 's a blind alley , believe I . it can not last . it can not support its own weight , ed listen , Lewis , it will last as long as we believe it will last , when enough guy like you stop believe in it , then it will collapse , it 's a matter of faith . lewis everything 's so fuck up , so complicated ... I would not mind if it all fall apart and we start over .... and you know where I would go ? ce right where we be go now . it 's : basic . it 's real , ( continued ) err emeenme 17 . 18 , il . 16 ( cont . ) ed , reality ? come on now , Lewis . what 's reality except pain and cold and fear ? and convulsive thing like kill and screwing . lewis and apart from ssrewing , they be bad news , right ? but what happen when the city insulate you from this thing ? ed have have enough . he sink back in he seat . : ed listen , I like my life , lewis I know what it do to you , Ed . ed look at he sharply . lewis City life be kill you . ( he pause for effect ) . it 's boring you to death . you be rotting . . ' ed be shake , penetrate . he glare at lewis , ed and what bug you , Lewis ? lewis pause , look steadily at the road , lewis insanity . I be scared of go crazy . ext , highway . - day they be get into rural scenery . there be clabber girl sign and laxative poster and cross that say ' Jesus save , ' int , car day lewis be silent , ed doze . they be twist and turn bp a mountain road , lewis see something ahead and shake awake . lewis Ed , deer ! : ( continued ) q o 19 . ic . 20 . 21 . 12 . 18 ( cont . ) . ed start up and lcok out into the wood where lewis point . but too late . he smile pleasurably at the sight of the mountain , ed the wilderness ! int , car day they go over a narrow bridge , the kind make from concrete section in the thirty . ed lean out of the window , look curiously at the river , the river seem placid and narrow , undistinguished , rather uninteresting . . ed that it ? * lewis that 's it . ed turn back to the river to conceal he disappointment from lewis , ext , oree . day the two car pull into ore . it be a dishearten place , a typical remote small southern town . the wood and weed - field seem to grow right up to the edge of it , there be no negroes in evidence , for this be on the hill , and there be no precedent . there be a town hall , the fir engine be wash near it ; a couple of gas station , graffit be scrawle on a wall ; ' stop they drowning our land 's , there be several desert and board up house , : ext , gas station day lewis 's car and the other pull into a texaco station , lewis pull to a atop and kill the engine . for a moment nothing happen , then a old man appear at the window of the car at lewis 's side , lean in , he be almost ridiculous country , aimost like & caricature , with a absurdiy eccke straw hat and tremble hand . neither lewis nor ed know quite what to do with he , lewis look . ist I ask you something . old man you from the television ? ( continued ) CO ( 's 136 21 ( cont . ) lewis Television ? old man about the dam . lewis no , can you find we somebody to drive this two car down to aintry ? old man what be you talxing about ? lewis ( give up and turn to Ed ) oh , shit , ( then to the old man ) fill ‘em up , will you ? _ the old man take the hose and with some clatter push it into drew 's car , they get out and stretch they limb and sniff the alien air , lewis spread out he map on the hood and bend over it . the old man find himself stare through the car 's back window at drew 's guitar . he jerk he head back over he shoulder , old man which a you play guitar ? drew look over to he with a smile and a deprecatory shrug . : old man lonnie ; come on out ' chere , drew cross to the old man and then follow he look back into the dark depth of the texaco station , the other , have nothing stronger to focus they attention , turn to look ' as a shy albino boy sidle out of the gloomy interior eradle a batter five-string banjo . the men suffer the acute discomfort of suburban dweller when confront with tne unseemly , the boy 's white skin look luminous in the shadow , the old man laugh softly with pride and affection for the boy tut also because he feel that the advantage have shift away from the CITY men , lonnie squint against the light , he be probabiy a half - wit , likely from a family inbred tea the point of imbecility and albinism , he smyy sweetly , expectantly through he squint . the old man look up at drew whe be right by he and speak softly in he ear . ( continued } 1h . sh 21 ( cont , 1 ) . ; old man ( come on , mister , . play we a little something . drew look over to the other for guidance , especially to lewis , but they avoid he eye , thoroughly confuse . lewis turn abruptly and feld he - map noisily . drew wind down the back windcw and take out the guitar . lonnie follow drew ciozeiy , hold the banjo in whatever position drew assume with he guitar . his cross eye be evident and rather endear . he be innocent and ready . drew smile at he , start to tune he guitar , set he finger pick , lonnie follow he , drag a homemade capo up the neck of he banjo . : drew {gentiy , softiy ) whet be we go to play , lonnis ? ths old man be move across.to lewis 's car , juddering the hose into the tank with he trembieng - hand . old man , ( laugh and shouting ) ee anything ! play anything . drew look around again , not quite sure as to whether or not he be go to contribute to a painful situation , than he make up he mind , crossés one leg over the other as he sit on the car hood and very carefully pick three note in the key of C . ( this be the first note of a piece caly duell banjce - as record by Mike russo and ress brentano in fertiand , Oregon , in 196h , the piess be one in which guitar , and banjo " answer " . each other by play the same phrase alternately ) . the old man , fill the tank , lean close to lewis , who pull away from he . old man lonnie ds not know anything but banjo - pick , he be not never be t2 school , drew dive into the piece , figure as one would suppose , that he will go ahead and play the piece whether lonnie join he or not . the old man watch with a sly , know cc grin , wait , lewis move across break the old man 's | S eyeline , ( continued ) 15 . CO - 21 ( cont .2 ) Lewis what about driver ? where can we find driver ? the old man move past lewis , put the hose back on the pump , lewis follow he , again interrupt he view , but the old man just lean this way or that , restore he view of drew and lonnie over the mountain range of lewis 's muscle . old man ( shrig ) you might try the griner boy , north of town , they might do it . lewis have get what he want , turn away to he ceaseless map-read , bobby and ed watch the albino boy with grow fascination , bobby ( whisper ) how be it this people up here be always miss something .... a finger , a eye , a arm or , ' in the head ! , I oe a never see a farmer yet who do not have & something wrong with he , you would think it would be a healthy life . as if to prove he point three or four weird looking hillbillies have materialise out of the weed to stand at the edge of the concrete apron , aware of a approach event . this ill -assorted group cluster around thes : two musician ina dusty , fergotten or never-discovered fill station , way off up in the mountain of appalachia , ed why icok at Drew - a suburban hedge - clipper , up here , do this ! drew have finish the sequence cf chord that comprise the piece , and start at the beginning again . be time the sound be different , for every phrase he play there be a echo . he do not look up from the guitar keye - board , but he face and attitude change , first the gratify unbelief , and then to full conviction . the banjo come on stronger , perfectly answer each of he chord , the musi + begin to sound good : tc sound drive and confide n*t and gutsy ? to catch the cniokker in its sweep and suck they into ( continued } 16 . 2 21 ( cont .3 ) C ) ~ its vortex , it become a special , rare , experience and even ( hy lewis be heid by it , : drew be alternately finger - pick and flate-pick with the thumb , he go faster and the boy go right with hin . lonnie 's scratch child 's hand move with beautiful musical economy , his face have the beatific vision of the idiot do what he love . they play one more chorus , the loudest and best of all , and during this drew move off the car to lonnie 's side and they ! stand together listen ciosely to each other , finish well , riding together , ' . drew God damn ! drew stand upright , overwhelm , totally happy . the other be on the point of applause , and it erupt not in slapping but in laughter , drew God damm { I could piay all day oq with that guy . the old man be laugh hard , with a strange stiff bend in movement , from the waist , and a look of ' I tell you 's on he face , drew , the big -face decent city man go forward to shake hand with the dement country boy , but the door have close , there be no way in except through the music , he wag the boy 's limp hand , the old man slap drew 's back , like a man who have just tell a joke rack with mirth , old man what would I tell you ? 22 . int , car day ed be still happy from the music , but lewis be hunch ferward , he hand cross on the wheel , lean on ths car . . lewis we have get tc get water under we . oree hes pater out into a occasional streggiy building . lewis spet a dilapidate garage ahead on the road , there be a rough wooden house attach +c it and a sign readin , griner brother garage , the two car pull in , there 213 no one about . C i , '' o ( 23 . 17 . ext . griner' garage - day the whole place be almost drown in the tree and weed around it , lewis leap out of the car and knock impatiently on the door of the house which be half - open . ed climb out and dutifully join he , but bobby and drew remain in they car laugh soundlessly behind they windshield . through the open door a sliver of the house be visible , a picture of Jesus , a few beercan on the floor and in the deep shadow of the room a old woman be just visible in silouette , a strange trick of light illuminate one of she eye , the eye and its pouch of age skin seem to hang in - dependently in space , unconnected to a body , old woman curse you ! leave we be ! blust you eye ! : ' this seem to be what she be say although in fact she speech be so country and slur that the word be hard to make out . : ed . Jesus ! lewis shrug it off , there be the sound of mffle hammer - ing from the garage at the side of the house . lewis ( point towards the garage ) sound like he 's in there . they move to the front door of the garage , but it be padlock , lewis quickly thread a way to the rear of the garage through a depress wasteland of rusted farm implement , twisted car , abandon pistonless engine . at the back of the garage they find a door sagging open . the sound of metal be much louder as it come through the open . without any hesitation at all , lewis plunge into the dark - ness of the garage , he be go before ed make up he mind to follow he , but he do , and go in toc , fora moment , there be nothing but the junky back of the garage , and the sound of metal be pound . renee ern CO 2he 25 . 16 . int , griner' garage ' - day it be quite dark at first , but soon object smerge mysteri - ously ; a luminous green truck battery , cable and wire , a @istributor and carburetor on a wooden bench , a anvil , a engine hoist and dangle on a heavy greasy chain , through all this thing lewis and ed thread they way , and before they be disclose a huge , country figure , a kind of red - neck thor , pound the rim of a truck wheel laid on its side on a bench , just as the figure be establish in its half - light , a ex - clamation come from it , griner shit fire ! God almighty ! griner 's figure bend , : apparently injure , douby up and make for the door , ed immediataly press himself into the wall to allow the agonise creature to pass into the light , but lewis , he powerful body silhouett against the white light spilling through the door , seem to block griner 's way . his position force griner to look up at he , lewis have exact this penance turn , elegant as a matador , let the huge bull man pass , lewis have just the glint of a smile , the look of the competitive , compulsive game player . ext , rear of garage day griner stand in the yard , spraddle - legge , hoid he hurt hand , he look up at lewis and ed , and it be impossible to tell as to whether the intenss , terribie fierceness in he face be come from he pain , or from they intrusion . probably it be from both , he be a enormous country brutale - look man , with no humor in he . he suggest nothing but brutality and stupidity . and enormous physical power , he be dress in overall pants and a sleeveless undershirt , a train engineer 's cap , and army boot , which be . blacken with grease and unlace . lewis walk right up to he , lewis can we do anything ? griner {as though this be a perfectly logical question he reject ) naw , it be not as bad as I though , griner pull out a dirty handkerchief and wrap it around he hand . ( continued } 25 ( cont . ) griner whut do you want ? lewis " 19 . could you and somebody else , maybe you brother , drive a couple of car down to aintry for we ? griner drive ‘em down there for whut ? . lewis we want to take a canoe trip down the cahulawassee , and we would like for we car to be at aintry when we get there . day after tomorrow . griner a canoe trip ? lewis that 's right . a canoe trip . griner what the hail you want to fuck around with that river for ? lewis ( firmly ) because it 's there , this be for ed , and lewis throw he a look . griner it 's there , 'all right . if you git in there and can not git out , you be gonna wish it would not , the situation be suddenly dangerous and out of hand . ed glance at they both anxiously . ed listen , Lewis . to hell with it . let 's go back to town and play golf . lewis pay no attention to ed , but grind griner with he eye . ( continued ) i ( 20 . 25 ( cont . 1 ) lewis ( to griner ) . well , can you do it ? wetll give you thirty dollar , griner fifty . lewis ( calmly and deliberately , and very distinctly ) fifty , my ass . lewis move directly up to griner in what be quite obviously a challenge to griner to do something physical , if he 's of a mind to , ed pull at lewis 's arm . ed Lewis , Lewis . for God 's sake , do not play game , griner how about forty ? lewis ( turn finally to Ed ) be you good for ten ? ed hand a note to lewis who pass it on to griner with some other . . griner good enough . griner take the bill and stuff they in he pocket , he melt into the rear of the house , Lewis give ed a quick grin . lewis and ed move around the garage , back to the car . ed nlower he voice ) you reckon we will ever see this car again ? 's this be a rough son- of - a- bitch , as they come round to the front of the garage , drew and bobby appear nove tentatively towards they . ( continued ) 21. 25 ( go , 2 ) 26 . 27 . . - drew you in some kind of trouble ? lewis thrust through they towards he car , dismiss they nervousness . . lewis it 's all fix . the other follow lewis and hang about he uncertainly by he car . . bobby we hear this cussing and shouting . . lewis it 's 0.k , bobby be about to go on , but look up and stop . the other also become circumspect and in the foreground the huge arm and chest ‘of the griner brother cross towards they run - down pick - up truck follow by the eye of the city man . the pick - up truck pull out and in the cab , besides the brother , there be quite definitely a third man . his feature be in shadow , there be just a suggestion of a figure in a baseball cap - and nothing more , ext , road above oree . day lewis be car accelerate out in front of the truck with tyre ery out . drew be content to tag along behind . int . lewis' car day ed better let they show we . lewis ( scornfully ) Hell , we know ' bout where it be . just ahead lewt see a suggestion of a dirt road go orf to the leave . he slew she car round on to it . the car jaw end bump badiy . ed try not to look apprehensive without quite succeed . lewis bump and bang down into a kind of hollow where the road give out . nothing 1s there but the rock -chimney of a burn down house . ( continued ) 27 ( cont . ) 28. 22. lewis well , we screw up , sure enough , ed why not just let they show we where the river be ? lewis you be miss the whole point , Ed . he hurl the car around on full lock and claw back to the road where the truck and the other car wait . as lewis come alongside the pick - up , griner lean out of he cab . . griner where you - gpin ' city boy ? lewis we will get there . griner ai not nothin ' but the biggest river in the State . ed hide a kind of smile , but lewis be undaunted , not angry or rattle at all . he spurt forward again , the canoe rattling . and bang on the roof . the lend be flatter , and the road run between stump of pine tree . lewis gesture at the stump . lewis land 's be sawmill . map show a old log road . ext . track to river day a track lead off into it . lewis drive in without slacken - ing speed . the track immediately clip down a steep incline . the road obviously double as a river bed at flood - time , its surface gouge out and at the same time smoothe over , ed brace himself against the dashboard . bushes swirl at the open window of the car , fly in , then whipping out again . the underside of the car drag and crunch on brush and gravel . suddenly the car be stop and the branch become still , lie across ed' chest . the car have stall . ( continued ) fs : 234 , . 2 28 ( cont . ) : | C CO lewis listen ! they keep perfectly still for a moment , swallow in the dark green belly of the forest . unmistakably , the sound of run water . lewis grin and he grin widen as the sound seem to grow . lewis be himself again . ' lewis | you have to get lose before you can find it , ! they clamber out , lewis leaping , ed rather apprehensively . : ed you reckon there be any snake around here ? : lewis plenty . watch where you put you oq foot . & ed catch a glimpse of himself in the rear window of the '' station wagon , where the dark equipment inside make the window more like a mirror . he buckle on he Army web belt with the big knife on it and the coil of green nylon rope . he pull a wry face at himself which be mean to self - mock , as though he be put himself on by act this way , wear this clothes , be here in the wood , ed look around for lewis , and do not find he . he look in this direction , then that . finally he see lewis momen - tarily further down the slope . ed scramble after he - squeamishly , as though afraid of get he tennis shoe dirty , he crowhop , dodging the pool of water , over to where lewis be peer at something through a drapery of bush and willow . 29 . ext , the river , . day ed come up to lewis , and lewis dramatically open the willow wider , revealing a leaf - frame view of the river . e the sound swell up . ak 5 ' the river be pretty , beautiful even - but not as wide as one ( continued ) 30 . 2h . ' 29 ( cont . ) might have think it would be . it be green and clean , and not threaten at all . lewis there it be . the real thing . ed pretty . pretty indeed . the willow swish back into place , close off the view of the stream . ext . embarkation point day bobby and lewis have the aluminium canoe on they beck and stagger down to the water , leave lash this four - legge headless beast . the griner watch from they truck with derisive fascination , make no attempt to help . bobby and lewis lift the canoe down awkwardly into the water , where ed take it from they , the other canoe , the green wood one , be float and load up already . ed hold the canoe and be push deeper inte the water , nearly to he waist . he pull he way back , but the mud hold he . ed it 's get I . lewis what 's get you . - .ed ite lewis grin and turn back to load and fussing with the gear , as drew gingerly hand down he guitar to ed , drew ( imitate the country talk in a exaggerated way ) I be a goin ! with you , and not with Mr. Lewis medlock . I do see how he drive this road he do not know nothin ! about . the gear be load now , the tent , the beer , the food , the bedrolis , the bow and arrow . lewis and bobby climb into the other canoe wear they life jacket , bobby be incredibly awkward , wis easy and competent . ( continued ) 25 . of " 30 ( cont . ) lo . - lewis o.k . wetre ready , - deep in the wood , the sound of a car start . bobby I will bet they can not get the car back up that hill . drew and ed be strapping on they life - njacket . drew that 's a nice think . bobby pick up he paddle gingerly and throw a somewhat desperaté look over he shoulder as lewis push away from the bank . bobby what the hell be we go to do if we come off this river and there 's no car down at what 's - its - name ? ( = . lewis — they will be there . do not worry about a thing . lewis drive the canoe out with long sweep while bobby hold he paddle uncertainly . 31 . ext . the river . . day drew and ed settle in awkwardly and push off . drew pick up he paddle and look at 1t uncertainly . he make a practise stroke through the air . drew this .... how you hold this thing ? ed struggle himself , alternately paddle and push at the mud , ed you hold it .... like you hold it . the water be fairly placid and slow here , but move just the same . they feel the river take hold of the canoe , take . . they over , just the sound of the water , tree hang over the 1 2 river , hold back the sun , turn the water inky . ( continued ) 26 . 31 ( cont . ) 32 . lewis and bobby have get ahead , while ed and drew shift about and experiment with they paddle , laugh at they awkwardness just like suburban father on a boat lake in the park . ext . gentle rapid day the water quicken a little , and the speed of the canoe visibly pick up . so far , ed and drew be do all right , and they begin to know it . they be get a rudimentary sense of what they need to do . ed try a stronger pull . I think we be get the hang of it . a broad expanse of the river open in front of they . the other canoe be still well ahead . the river be not particu - larly rough here , but the part before they be a little rougher than at the place where they put in . ed and drew manoeuvre through some lively , interesting but not dangerous water , none of it white , but urgent and vigorous . then they run one little stretch that be very slightly dangerous , where the water begin to foam up , and they make it nicely . drew turn backward to ed as much as he be able to do . drew hey , hey ! how about this ! ed ( pleased ) this be some kind of all right , huh ? they go along , in calmer water now . ed plough easily along , enjoy thing . drew well , for god 's sake ! what 's wrong up there , tarzan ? Way ahead , the other canoe be swing broadside to the current . the action of lewis and bobby in the other canoe be con - fuse and even a little desperate . the canoe be turn all the way around , and begin to travel downstream backward . drew turn around , again only so much as he be able to in he position , and he be laugh sincerely and sympathetical - ly . 7 ( continued ) % 27 . 32 ( cont . ) ' 33. eda be more concerned about the other , but he smile too , and shake he head ruefully , as though he expect this . they be catch up 'with the green canoe , as lewis try to bring the bow around , lewis ( to Bobby , and a little impatiently ) let I do it ! take you paddle out of the’ water and I will bring it around . - he do not though , just as the bow be beginning to swing downstrream , they drift on to a couple of big rock and hang there . lewis hunch in he seat , try to get the canoe off the rock that way , do not succeed , then step out into the water , which come up to he thigh . he rights the canoe by brute force just as ed and drew come alongside . they move into the lead and lewis clamber back in and set off again . ext . oree bridge day as they pass under the bridge , one or two people look down at they , watch impassively , _ drew spot the albino boy amongst they . he wave up enthusiastically and get no answer from the boy , hold he paddle like a guitar and pretend to play it . the boy stare but make no response . they pass under the bridge . drew turn and look back , the boy have cross over and still watch they from the other side of the bridge . . drew spooky kid . they move through the part of the river lie directly under . the town of oree . it be evidently use as a kind of junk heap where the townspeople throw away anything they do not want . the river bed be litter with old tire , engine , wheel , old refrigerator , cooker , and so on . there be also several startlingly bright break thing of plastic : pitcher , water ~ container , and the like . ed look down at a electric blue plastic jar that catch the late afternoon sun and shoot up a jarring artificial light . ed look around : something be make he uneasy without he know what it be . he vring he paddle out of the water , and there be a feather stick to the end of it . ( continued ) PD on 33 ( co ! 28. not . ) . , ed peer intently at something in the river . he can not quite make it out , but finally he do . it be a chicken head , ludicrous ' and repulsive , spin aimlessly in the water be - side the canoe , turn over and over , fix ed every now and then with its open eye . ed still gaze into the river while he paddle . the canoe pass over a huge ghostly white underwater thing . it be a big rock with a log wedge against it . both rock and log be cover with feather , waver , hairy , and repul - sive in 'a sort of uncanny representation of human nausea : a perfect image of this . . drew poultry processing plant . ed geu-u-gh ! drew ( paddle easily along , not worried about a thing ) man , you get to get use to this thing ! you be a big boy now ! ed you get use to ‘em ! a little further down , to make thing worse , a effluent pipe issue into the river 'and soon they be riding on a river of blood : chicken blood . ed ( not able to contain he disgust ) je-sus ! drew ( turn around es well as he can , in @ manner which be that of joke , but not entirely ) what 's the matter ? do not you like fry chicken ? ed ( resignedly ) I use to . 3h . 296 ext . stretch of rapid . " Day they go around a turn , and the river change completely . there be a long series of little rapid , lively and interest - ing look , stretch out of sight ahead . drew well for the Lord 's sake , would you look at that ! what do we do now ? they be delighted but apprehensive too , ed Lewis say head right for the fastest water , try to keep we go right down the middle , through the channel and be - tween the rock , that 's all I know to do , drew ay , ay ! let 's go there ! drew dig in enthusiastically , the canoe pick up speed and start through the first of the rapid , they be suck in to battle with the river , try to keep the canoe straight in the channel , try to avoid run over rock , during all this , ed be silent , work hard , but now end then drew give a exultant whoop , like a cowboy break a horse . there be just the right mixture of exhilaration and danger . drew and ed be equal to cope with this stretch of the . yiver , but only just barely . there be a time when they just about capsize , they ship some water , and drew call out uh - oh ! but somehow they rigt the canoe and continue , at the last place on this stretch , they go right over a big boulder and come down on the river with a tremendous whump . the rapid give way to calmer water . drew and ed adjust they - selve in they seat , and re-arrange the equipment which have - be shake loose and out of place , drew ' Old Lewis , by damn } he know something } ed that be some ride , eh? drew you better believe it be some ride } you 0.k.? ed pretty good . yes , sir ! sure ami ' they back paddle and swing around to get a view of lewis and bobby career through the rapid , they do pretty well , too . ( continued ) 30 , 3h ( cont . ) y lewis drive he canoe up alonside the other one with long sa stroke . he have take it in a very blase way but bobby be honestly excited and thrilled . be - | bobby : wow ! it 's better than disneyland . drew wow 's right . ed ( to Lewis ) do not you think we ought to make camp pretty soon ? lewis yeah , I do . I be afraid if we go any farther the bank might begin to get . ' _ , 600 high for we to get out on , & '' 35 . ext , camp site night it be now very dark , and a couple of flashlight have be hang in a bush so as to provide a area of concentrate light . € this device render various effect of light and dark and '' '' mood and tone , as one after the other of the man pass a through this lit- up area , stay in it for a moment , then melt back into the general dark , the upcast light of the flashlight give unexpected quali - tie to the face of this man . it make bobby iook vaguely Oriental and drew be face more pitte , as the shadow adhere to he face , only levis be instantly recognizable , though change somewhat too . he look more determine and author - ative than ever , with also a admixture of ruthlessness that do not show up so . well by daylight , there be no sound during this except single note pick out . on drew be guitar , drew be now tuning he guitar in earnest , use both the regular method and also harmonic tuning , which give a beau - tiful bell - like sound , bobby come over to they and hand they a paper cup apiece , and then pour a big drink of bourbon for each , he disap - pear , and lewis take a genercus swallow as ed sip , then . lewis move to the fire and begin to encourage it . steak be fry . the fire pick up and cast its flicker , cc insubstantial light over the scene . '' i . ( continued ) 31 . 35 ( cont . ) . . . e> . ed go and lie on the bank by himself , while lewis cook . ( drew play a soft chord , B minor . drew I have always want to do this , only I do not know it . he pick part of a very country - sounding blue-grass piece , then break off , drew it 's wood music , do not you think so ? ed sure do , he play on , switch around , fragment of blue and blue - grass , then a few chord of " duell banjo . " he leave gap for the banjo to answer , look out into the wood , but none come , during the music bobby pour himself another drink and ed one . he offer the bottie to drew , but drew shake he head , be happy with he music , and want nothing else , nothing to interfere with it . lewis bring over dish of the food he have cook , and the Cay three of they eat with great relish while drew continue to play . . tn drew stop , and they all sit silently . lewis ( in what be for he a soft voice ) you know , we donit have too many more year for : this kind of thing . ed oh , I guess not . but I can tell you . I be glad we come . I be damned glad . this be a great place to.be , right now .. the great . they be relaxed , euphoric , except for lewis , he still have a ear cocked for the voice of the night , the sound of the forest . he be watch out , he be ready . but this just make the other more secure and easy . bobby ( a little drunk ) it 's true Lewis , what you say . there 's something in the wood and the water cc that we lose in the city . ) : lewis we do not lose it , we sell it . ( continued ) 32 . 's 35 ( cont . 1 ) o , : bobby get up and stretch . { bobby . but at least technology produce the air mattress - or as it 's better know in camp circle - the instant broad , ed ( move to the tent with a yawn ) to say nothing of that nylon / kapok miracle - the sleep bag . lewis have be stand a little apart from the other . now he raise he arm in a gesture which say keep still and be quiet . they freeze in they stretch or stooping or crouc - ing posture and listen . the noise of the night amplify as they strain to hear '- the creak and cry , the sighing tree , all indecipherable to a blunt city ear . lewis be absolutely motionless , yet coiled up , ready to spring . the ease and well - be drain out of they as the forest be - come threaten , full of menace , ' qo suddenly lewis slip into the black wood , he make no sound & and he be go as though he never exist . | : bobby ( shaking he head exasperate ) this guy be unbelievable , all day he 's be a indian brave and now he have to play tarzan . ed ( still apprehensive ) i he know the wood , though . he really do . drew he 's learn they , he do not feel they , that 's Lewis ! problem . he want to be ' one ! with nature and he 's not . bobby so we have to endure this melodramatic game , on they look about they nervously . they feel vulnerable and ce abandon , , a ( continued ) 33 . my 35 ( cont .2 ) er ) ed ( wryly ) . do you realize if it be not for this madman we would all be home in bed with door lock against the night . bobby and armfull of warm woman , they be like mutinous schoolboy . they start to giggle . suddenly lewis materialise at they side . zobby start with surprise , : : bobby Jesus , Lewis . you scared the shit out of I . ed what be it , Lewis ? lewis survey the camp site , the firelight lick the long tree shadow , he be very calm , lewis human , they be watch we . Cay drew do you catch up with they ? lewis no. bobby so what , I be go to sleep , fuck it , " drew maybe it be just the god , Lewis , out walk in the forest , ed well , to the sleep bag , man , lewis look out over the river as though with some secret kmowledge . bobby have my first wet dream in a sleep bag . I surely do . ed ( with interest , but € '' . not a whole iot ) mo how be it ? ( continued ) re arte . 's 4 ne 38 . ( cont .3 ) 36 . 37 . . bobby great . there 's no repeat it . there be a long sigh , and then no sound . ext , camping ground dawn the two tent lie under a shroud of mist which have come up over the river and spily out through the forest . it be very still . ed slip out of he tent . he wear long johns the colour of fog and he be scarcely visibie , ext , ravine above camp dawn as he begin to walk stealthily away from the tent , he be - veal he bow in he right hand . he move up along the smali ravine or draw that run back inland . he move very cautiously , the bow always ready , but there be a distinct feel that he be play-act . he do not really think he be go to come on any game , he go slong like this for perhaps twenty or thirty careful step , until the land begin to rise and the fog , as a con - sequence , start to thin out , ed be more visible now , a ridiculous figure in long under - wear in the wocd , and he , too , obviously feel himself to be pretty absurd , ~ he turn around to ' start back down , somewhat angry with he - self , he be get back into the river - fog now , when to the leave , there be a siight movement . he stop and peer as he try - to make out what be cause it . gradually it become appar - ent that it be a little deer , a spike buck probably , ed slowly raise the bow , scarcely dare to breathe , scarcely believe in he luck , ana not know , reaily whether he wiil acuwally shooc or not , tne orange frame ol thread on he bowstring come back as he draw the bow , until it be frame he eye . a great flush of excitement come over ed and he start tc tremble . at first the sight be not on the deer , and he try to frame the animal siowly , very slowly . the deer be browsing , not look up , and ed bring he right to the center of the blurred frame of string . ( continued ) eo age a nterenain 35 . eo , 37 ( cont . ) : : cs , ed release , but there be a quick but unmistakable knowledge that he have botch the shot , after all that preparation . his leave hand , bow-hand , have jerk just as the shot go . ed God damn it , he snatch loose another arrow from the bow-quiver , he draw again , the deer , which have evidently jump a little farther away , watch he , but the peep sight be swinging erratically , and do not frame the deer , but once or twice almost do , the bow twang as ed release , and the deer jump and soundlessly vanish . ed very deliberately throw the bow into a bush , just as a golfer would toss a club , ed well , that 's that ! he retrieve the bow , and start down , noisily , awkwardly , not look out for deer any more , and then he be back at the tent . this mist be thinning out ; it be by now almost go , tw. 38 , ext . camp site day drew be fold he bedroll . he laugh at the sight of ed and he call into one of the tent for bobby , who be irritably dress . drew hey , Bobby . look what come out of the forest . bobby ( without humor or trony ) yeah , lewis be make a fire with twig . he turn and see ed and give a sharp look at the two empty slot in the bow quiver , lewis ( nodd at bow ) what about it , buddy ? ed cc ( digustedly ) . I get a shot , ( continued ) & '' 36 . 4 38 ( cont . ) . lewis ( straighten ) you do ? - ed I do , a spectacular miss at fifteen yard , I boost my bow hand , like a god-damn idiot . I just explode , I psyched out . something say raise you hand , and I do , lewis well ; that 's too bad . we could 'a have meat . : 39 . ext . river bank day ed sit in the load canoe , hold the bank as bobby climb and crumple into the bow , ed look at bobby apprehensively , then turn to call back to lewis , . ed we be gonna sail on out . we will take it - slow . lewis ts still pack gear into they canoe , while drew douse the campfire . when they get out into midstream it become evident as to just how inept bobby be . he 's in terrible shape physically , as he be unco-ordinated , he be unwilling , he be disagreeable . bobby I hope to God we can get off this fuck river today , ed ah , now . it 's not all that bad ! bobby it 's not ? listen : mosquito eat I up last night . my bite have get bite . I be catch a fuck cold from sleep - ing on the fuck ground , and I be hungry eas hell for something that taste good , and I do not mean sorghum , bobby start to paddle wildly , ( continued ) for { 39 ( cont . ) ho . 37 . . ed steady dow . it 's not gonna do you eold any good to dump in this river . bobby fuck it . let 's get onwith it . I be tired of this wood scene , I be tired of shitting in a hole in the ground . this be for the Indians , they go along for a while , not speak , and they make some - what better progress , ext , the river day the canoe cut through a dazzle silver sundrenched river , the. land get wilder and more thickly - wood . a heron glide out low over the river lazily follow its contour . the river be placid and ed must paddle steadily to make pro - gress . he keep have to wipe sweat out of he eye . he squint at the sunfill river . he scoops up water and rinse he face , ed and bobby swallow beer . the bow lie in the canoe and the river slide past it , with its black and green , orange - feathered arrow , the head shine with deadly light . lewis ! canoe be out of sight as ed and bobby pass through dense , fir forest -' silent , mysterious , stifling . a snake slip into the water and swim with exactly the same motion as crawl on land , across in front of the canoe , then disappear , still in the same motion and at the same speed , in the weed on the other side , bobby ( speak back over he shoulder ) let 's for God 's sake not turn over here ! ed no , buddy . we will not . they be now get awfully hot and tired , they finish the last two beer of the six - pack , bobby throw he can care - lessly into the river , and ed carefully hold he underwater until it fill , and then let it go down , ed keep shifting around uncomfortably , try to ease he back , he right hip . he keep run he tongue around in - ( continued ) 38 , e ~ ho ( cont . ) , . oi side he dry mouth , and pick up water from the river and put it on he head , ~ bobby ( half -turn again ) let 's put in for a little while . this be get to I , ed ( look backward for the other cance and not sesing it ) I be for that , we can wait for the other to catch up , mayb they have get somé more beer , 4i . ext , resting place day they 's pull in and tis up to the bank , then climb out and sit down , reiieve to bs in the shade , bobby unty a hanker ~ chief frem around he neck and lean down and sop it in the river , he sit beside ed , and they both peer upriver , bodby osquint } 3 wender what the hell Lewis and Drew C be do up there , anyway . ed probably ths same thing we be , thsy will bs along in a Little whil . bobby rub at he face and neck with the handkerchief , ed get up , and tend dewn and tzuches he tces a couple of time to get the kink cut , he peer ' upriver once again , dce not se2 anything , then turn tack to say something to ' bobby , befor he gaze com : to rest on eobby , it stop on two men at the edge of the wocas , shadowy and very silent . one of they may have a gun ; but this be not clear yet , EL npeer co make they out better : the two men energ from the brush , they limb curiously a- in the ths tangle branch from which tney come the taller of they do indeed have a gun ; a old , old shotgun , bobby turn , see the men , ard get up slowly , brush at ce amselif as he dee so , a bobby {to the man , and with & lot mora confidence than he feel ) — hew go ( continued ) ee 3 % 1 ( cont . ) , the men be still step forward , with a curious tiptoeing , sideways walk , as though step around something that no one but they can see be there , if there be ever any degenerate red-neck , they be this two , one of they be about fifty - five , in overall and a filthy work shirt . he have a mangy whitish beard . the other one , the man with the gun , be young , and he toothlessness should be the most obvious thing about he . he be not wear - ing overall , but just a rag , dirty shirt and pants , they keep come . the older man come up to ed , and get himself ridiculously close , the face be no more than four or five inch apart , there be silence , while the man look fiercely and ed try - to think of something to say . beard man ( revealing awful stump of tooth , orange and break ) what the hail you think you be do ? ed ( as matter - of - factly : as he can , go down river . we have be go since yesterday , beard man look at tall man , and something significant seem to pass between they , ed ( try desperately to tell he story ) we hope we can get to aintry some time late today or early tomorrow , beard man a d aintry ? bobby {with something of he smart - aleck city manner ) sure . this river just run one way , ecap and , have not you hear ? ' beard man you be not never goin’ to get down to aintry . - - ed ( really startle and frighten now , but : : try to bluff it out ) é why not ? ( continued ) 4o. . beard man because this river do not go to aintry . , you do take a wrong turn somewhere . | this -here river do not go nowhere near aintry . ed where do it go ? beard man it go ... it go . tall man ( very toothlessly ) it go to Circle gap . ' Bout fifty mile . . beard man ( turn he face close to Ed 's again , even closer than before ) - Boy , you do not know where you be . ed ( resignedly ) well , we be go where the river 's go . we will come out somewhere , I reckon . a with a very slight move , the tall man get himself nearer to bobby . ed ( try to be as convincing and harmless and as full of good will toward stranger as he can ) Hell , we sure do not want any trouble . if you have get a still near here , that 's fine with we . we could never tell any - body where it be , because you know something ? you be right . we do not kmow where we are tall man ( seem honestly surprised ) ea a stee-ul ? ( continued } ql 8 42 ( cont . 2 ) go ed ( as friendly as possible , but how friendly be that ? ) sure . if you be make whiskey , we will buy some from you . we could sure use it . beard man {squarely into Ed 's face ) do you know what the hail you be talk about ? . ed I do not know what you be talk - about . beard man you do say something about makin ! whiskey . you think we be makin ! whiskey . now come on . ai not that right ? qo =d - ( genuinely outdone : by this time ) look . I do not know what you be do , and I do not care . it 's not any of my business . the tall man reach over and feel bobby 's arm , in a strangely delicate gesture . bobby jerk back , and when he do the barrel of the shotgun come up , just a little , but definitely . ed ( as though the inter - view be over ) we would better get on with it . we have get a long way to go . tall man ( very decisively , all pretence now past ) you be not goin ' nowhere . the tall man level the shotgun right at ed 's chest . ce . tall man boy . ( meaning it ) fv you come on back in here ' less you want you gut all over this - here wood . {continued ) 42 . 41 ( cont .3 ) ed half - raise he arm as though play a part in a movie about bad . he can not believe that this be happen . the four of they go inland a few step from the river , be - hind a screen of bush and weed . tall man back up to that saplin' . ed ( indicate a tree with he raise hand ) this one ? '' C ed back up to a small tree , and the tall man , work quickly and expertly , take off ed 's web belt with the knife and nylon rope on it , let the belt out and put it around ed and the tree with the buckle on the other side of the tree . he take the knife out of the belt , slowly , and stand look at it with the shotgun point at bobby . tall man ( mock admiringly ) look at that ! I bet that will shave hair . beard man why tont you try it ? look like that and 's get plenty of it . ' cept on he head . very deliberately the tall man take hold of the zipper to ed 's coverall , and , with a quick movement , like tear ed apart , he zip it down to the belt with which ed be tie to the tree . . beard man : good God almighty ! he 's like a god - amn monkey . you ever see anything like that ? tall man ( place the point of the knife under ed 's chin and force he to hold he head unnaturally high ) you ever have you ball cut off , you fuckin ! ape ? ed cc ( obviously terrify but '' : : try to hold onto some - ad thing of himself , he pride ) not lately . what good would they do you ? ( cont inued } 43. 1 ( cont . ) tall man scrape across ed 's chest with blade , and hold up the knife with hair and a little blood on it . tall man sharp , all right . could be sharper , but it 's sharp . tall man begin to breathe faster , panting , and he face take on a malevolent expression . he look , quitely liter - ally , as if he would do anything : be just about to do it , in fact . suddenly , and very unexpectedly he raise the '' knife over he head and drive it down with all he might , with a furious and final movement . it appear to have enter ed . ed respond in shocked horror as though he have be mortally wounded . - but the knife have in fact be strike into the tree right next to ed 's head , the two men now converge on bobby . the beard man take bobby by the shoulder and turn he to face downstream . beard man ( very matter - of - fact ) now let ? 's you just drop they pants . bobby ( afraid to comprehend ) drope.eo ? tall man ( put muzzle of shotgun under Bobby 's ear ) just take ‘em right on off . bobby ( weakly ) I mean , what ' 's this all ....? beard man do not say nothin’ . just do it . the tall man shove at bobby 's head with the gun , suddenly and viciously . the tall man 's action be abrupt and deadly . bobby slowly unbuckle he belt and unbutton he pants . he take they off , look around ridiculously for a place to put they down . ( continued ) hi ( cont .5 ) '' beard man ( indicate Bobby 's undershort ) they panty too , bobby take off he short like a boy undress for the first time in a gym . tall man ( gesture with gun ) see that log ? walk over yonder . bobby walk uncertainly over to a big rotten log on the ground and stand there : just bobby and the log , in some sort of as-yet-undivulged relationship . tall man now git on down crost it . he put the gun muzzle right under bobby 's right ear . ed watch horrify , the knife stick in the tree next to he head , a little blood trickle from under he chin . '' he shift and gasp for breath against the tightness of the ( a belt . the beard man unfasten he pants while the tall man stand impassively over bobby , point the gun . ed 's face again , wait to see and not want to , averting he eye as bobby 's first scream come . there be a note of dreadful surprise in it . more scream come of animal pain , become rhythmic . | ed look straight before he now , he eye deaden and withou : hope , not respond to the scream anymore . then he look change , he focus shift . his face take on - a a .expression of unbelief and the beginning of a fantastic kind of hope . . through a slit in a curtain of leave be : the green canoe . with lewis and drew in it . they both have they paddle out of the water . then the canoe disappear , as though it have never be . ed shake he head as though he believe he ' may be hallucinate . ed look back toward the bush , as the beard man rise , a little unsteadily , to he foot . there be no more scream . cc the beard man make a long strange sigh , as he stand 's , : there buttone he pants . there be a glimpse of bobby roll in pain under the bush . ( continued ) 45 . oc. 41 ( cont .6 ) . after they reorganise themselves for a moment , the tall man and the beard man , without . say a word , turn from bobby and advance with dreadful purpose toward the tree where ed be tie . ed watch they come , step by step , the tall man still with the gun . the beard man go around behind the tree . ed and the tree jerk violently , and ed suddenly fall free . he almost stumble , but bring up quickly , for 's the gun-muzzle be just under he nose . tall man you be hairy as a god-damn dog , be not you ? ed ( gasp , resign to anything but have he head blow off ) some dog , I suppose . tall man ( half turn to 7 bearded man ) '' now what the hail .... ~ . * beard man ai not no hair in he mouth . tall man ( with a terrible , toothless grin ) that 's the truth . hold this on he . the tall man extend he hand with gun in it to the beard man , all the time still look straight at ed . '' tall man ( with deadly seriousness ) fall down on you knee boy . you gonna do a little praying . and you better pray good . tall man begin to unbutton he pants . ed go down slowly to he knee , the beard man get ready to position himself _to hold the gun on ed , the tall man loosen he pants . there be a odd sound , a kind of quick slap -snap : a sound cc like a quick , sharp indrawn breath . a ) , ( continued ) o 46 . 41 ( cont .7 ) the beard man make a loud involuntary surprised gasp , like that of a man with the wind knock out of he unex - pectedly . he do not yet look down . ed look sharply at the beard man 's face , and then quickly at he chest . a foot and a half of bright red arrow be protrude from the middle of it . they all three hang motionless for a moment , too amaze to act . the gun start to fall from the beard man 's hand . ed be nearest it , and he grab for it , clumsily but with the strength of panic . the tall man also reach for it , and even touch it briefly , but ed have a better grip , this be instantaneously recognize by both of they , and then the tall man leap away into the bush and be go . the leave do not even tremble whsre he disappear . ed rise , transfigure by terror and by the turn event have take . he be beast - like with the power of have the gun . he wrap the string the gun use for a trigger around he hand and swing the barrel to cover the wood and everything in it : to be able to blast whatever will come . bobby still tightly curl up in he private pain begin to comprehend the situation have alter . the beard man be stand stock still , with he foot wide apart . he reach down with a tremble , break - nail hand and touch the shaft of the arrow delicately . he fall to he knee and then to he side , roll back and forth , spitting and gritting he tooth . then he get , with awful comic seriousness , back onto he foot again , this time with he lip red with blood and drool saliva and blood . he turn toward the wocd and take a couple of halt - ing step toward they , and then seem to change he mind and turn back to ed , hold out one hand like a olid testa - ment prophet about to divulge a secret to one of the choose . ed make the decision to fire . he begin to pul ] out the string , utter determination on he face . but there be no need . suddenly the beard man fall , partly on he face and partly on he side , he face come to rest on the top of ed 's white tennis shoe . he have a bubble of blood in he mouth , red as a apple . . ed lower the gunbarrel a little . ed ( shaking he head in utter disbelief ) well . ( continued ) '' 47 . 4l ( cont .8 ) : bobby ( from the ground , and still half in the bush ) Lord god. Lord God . ed look down at the beard man . the silver of the alumi - nium arrow - shaft and the fancy blue- and - silver mark of the white - feathered arrow stick out of he back . ed peer into the wood , swinging the half - lower gun back and forth , and nothing else happen . then there be a faint stir in the bush . ed swing towards it . lewis come cautiously forward , another arrow on the string , he ' bow at the ready . he come slowly into the clear . drew be behind he , hold a canoe paddle like a baseball bat . lewis walk out between ed and bobby , and look down at the beard man . he put he bow-tip on a leaf and gaze at it , about to say something . lewis ( meditatively ) well , now , how about this ? I mean , just .... how about this ? drew move to bobby and crouch down beside he . he put he hand on bobby 's shoulder , very sympathetic and gentle . bobby glance at himwith a look of gratitude . finally 's bobby get painfully up ; and drew help he . daze , furious and incongruous , bobby pick up he pants and short , fum - bling take a handkerchief from a pocket , and go back be - hind the bush . meanwhile , lewis lean on he bow and gaze out over the river . when he speak , it be decisively , but distant . lewis I figure it be the only thing to do . ed ( not sure as all that ) I suppose it be . I think we would have it . I tell you I do . I think sure they would kill we . lewis probably they would have . the penalty for sodomy in this state be death , any - way . and at the point of a gun .... no , they wouldnit have let you go . 2 why should they ? ( continued ) 48. ' 1 ( cont .9 ) . ' ed what be we go to do with he ? drew come up wash he hand with dirt and beat they against the side of he leg . drew ( decisively ) there 's not but one thing to do . put the body in one of the canoe and take it down to aintry and turn it over to the highway patrol . tell they what happen . ed glance at drew uncertainly , and then look back at lewis . lewis ( gaze out over the river ) tell they what , exactly ? drew . ( become just a q little more passionate ) . just what happen ! this be justi - / & fiable homicide if anything be ! they — be sexually assault two member of we party at gunpoint . like you say , there be nothing else we could do . lewis nothing but shoot he in the back with a : arrow . drew ( not sure what be go on in Lewis ' mind , and afraid of what might be ) it be you do , Lewis . lewis ( still look out onto the river ) . what would you have do ? drew ( hotly ) it do not make any difference what I would have do .... he break off as they react to a kind of terrible sigh , a something like the sound the beard man give out when he ) finish with bobby . for a moment the city man look around , and then lewis stoops swiftly down tc the beard man . the beard man sigh again , a long , sobbing sound , and then slump completely . ( continued ) for oe ( C ) 41 ( cont .10 ) ed ( timorously ) be he dead ? lewis nod without look up . lewis he be now . he 's mighty dead . we eould not have save he , though . he 's centre-shot . lewis rise , and the city man . stand still for a moment , look this way and that , all but lewis . lewis be gaze out over the river again . lewis let 's just figure for a minute . do anybody know anything about the law ? drew I have be on jury duty exactly once . ed ( resignedly ) that 's once more than I have . bobby , come up , fiery - face and violate and with that vindictiveness that only the violate have . he shake he head , he eye murderously narrow . lewis you do not have to know much law to kmow that - if we take this guy down out of this mountain and turn he over to the sheriff , we would go on trial . I do not know what the charge would be , technically , but we would be up against a jury , sure as hell . drew ( convinced of he innocence ) well , so what ? : lewis ( patiently ) all right , now . we have kill a man . shot he in the back . and we not only kill a man , we kill a cracker , a mountain man . let 's consider what might happen . ( continu™d ) 50 . 42 { cont .11 ) drew ~ ( stalwartly ) all right . consider it . we be listen . lewis relax for a moment and scratch he head . the other wait for he to speak . lewis I be goddamn if I want to come backup here for shoot this guy in the back , with a jury make uo of he cousin and brother and maybe he father and mother , too , . for all I know . no éne say anything in answer . there be various gesture of helplessness and indecision . drew stand very still , with he hand on he hip , get he refutation together . - , . lewis ( suddenly to Bobby } what do you think , Bobby ? '' bobby 's face be red , narrow - eye , hate - fill . he do not reply or even seem to hear , but go quite deliberate - ly over to the corpse and stand look down at it . sud - denly , without any warning at all , he kick it as hard as he can in the face , and , before lewis can stop he , do it again . lewis pull bobby back from the corpse gently but firmly , and bobby walk away from the group and the corpse . lewis ( turn to he buddy , and part- time pro - tege , Ed ) how about you , Ed ? ( continued ) 51 . '' ( 4 41 ( cont .12 ) : ed ( make a tremendous effort to come to a de - eision , and not be able to God , I do not know . I really do not . drew have now get he argument together . he be frighten , put he be sure of the position he want to take , and speak with the decisiveness of a man who have to be right . drew ( point deliberately down at the corpse ) I do not know what you have in mind , Lewis . but if you conceal this body qo you be set yourself up for a & murder charge . that much law I do ' know . lewis look at drew with a genuinely interested expression on he face . '' lewis ( with he crazy , infectious enthusiastic look ) suppose there 's no body ? no body , no crime . be not that right ? drew ( even more desperately , with utter conviction ) what on God 's earth be you think about , Lewis ? this be not one of you fuck game . you kill somebody , there he be . ( continued ) 52 . 7 41 ( cont.13 ) ' ao - drew point down again , and this time the three of they look ' down where he point , at the corpse . lewis I do kill he . but you be wrong when you say this be nothing like a game . it may be the most serious kind of game there be . but if you do not see it as a game , you be miss a important point ... : ed ( have hear thing like this from Lewis . go many time before ) come on , Lewis . for once let 's not carry on this way . lewis ( turn suddeniy on Ed like a animal ) - Ed , you listen . and listen good . we can get out of this , I think . get out without any question ask , but if we connect up with the law , can : we will be connect to this man , this xo body , for the rest of we life . we have get to get rid of he , ed ( excited with hop but still doubtful ) how ? where ? lewis slowly and almost majestically raise he right hand and extend he arm fully , then sweep it in a all - embrace gesture , over all the wood , all the tree , the whole wilder - ness , lewis ( quietly and very impressively ) everywhere the three. face watch he transfix ; drew 's very set ; bobby 's full of hate , weakness , and kill rage ; ed 's fall under the old speil . lewis c anywhere} nowhere} ' '' : despite themselves , they follow he eyeline into the dense ad tangle wood . ( continued ) 536 41 ( cont.14 ) : but drew pull back into himself and hold lewis 's eye . drew how do you know the other guy have not go for the police ? lewis ( shake he head ) you think he 's go to tell the police what want on here ? drew well , what if he 's watch uz , right now . you look around Lewis , he could be anywhere . this register powerfuily on ed . he try not to look round , but can not heip himself . he cut he eyea this way and that , almost superhumanly apprehensive and aiert . then he eye come back to lewis , and they see lewis stand , relaxed , lean on he bow , apparently not worried at ali , in com= plete charge of the situation . on see he this way , ed - look deeply relieved . you would foilow lewis anywhere , and now they realise that they be go to have to do just that . '' drew ( & we would not be so hard to follow , na drag a corpse . ' lewis 1 {as you might placate a child ) you leave that to I , Drew . I ‘il make sure no one track we . lewis look off into the far distance , a look of tranquillity on he face . lewis in about a month or six week this valley 'il be flocd .... hundred of foot under water ... do you ever look out over a iake . somevh bury under it .... undéer it ... ethat 's as bury as it can gete drew feel himself sink into the lake of lewis 's imagina - tion . he shake he head vigorously . drew cc I be teliing you , I do not want any par of it . : {continued} she oo 4l ( cont .15 ) . 7 lewis rise and facé drew very deliberately . this be the ' showdown between they , and all four man know it . lewis ( with all he enormous male vitality and physical power ) what do you mean , Drew ? you be part of it . drew ( statunchly ) it 's a matter of the law . lewis stand there relaxed . he gesture with he hand to indicate the wilderness they be in . lewis you see any law around here ? we 'rs the law . so let 's vote on it . ifii go along with the vote . and so will you , Drew . you have get no choice . lewis turn to bobby , he hideously weak and hate -ridden , qo violate face . , bobby ( in a thick , strangle voice ) ' I say get rid of the son of a bitch . ' do you think I want this to get around ? lewis turn to ed as though piay he trump card , which indeed he be . lewis Ed ? drew suddenly step over the corpse and confront ed , put . the flat of he hand in front of ed 's face and shaking it with violent emphasis . he have get to get ed to agree with he and split the vote . drew ( with ali the urgency he have ) think what you be do , Ed , for God 's sake . you be not implicate in this unless you go along with what Lewis want to do . Ed , do not . I be begging q you . dontt . have ( continued ) 556 hl ( cont .16 ) 42 . there be silence . lewis wait , confidently , drew be grim and adamant , bobby be full of hatred , and ed be come to the all - important decision . ed ( lean out so as to speak to Lewis around Drew ) I be with you . the spell of debate and decision - make be over . lewis get down by the corpse again , all business this time . lewis all right then . lewis drag the arrow - shaft out of the body slowly and laboriously , broadhead first . he wipe off the worst of the blood then , clip it into he bow-quiver , where it look just like the other , except that it be red . ed take he knife out of the sapling , put it in the scab - bard and buckle on the belt with the knife and the rope . lewis , with silent signal , position each of the men to carry the corpse . they be very awkward about it , with ed . and drew carry the shoulder and lewis and bobby the foot . they begin to carry the body foot - foremost into the wood , away from the river . ext . dense wood . day they flounder in the bush , almost fall from time to time , bobby cursing , and so on . lewis 's face be calm and purposeful , and drew keep shaking he head as though he simply cannot believe in this folly . as the undergrowth thicken , branch whip back suddenly and ' strike they in they face . nobody say anything to anybody else ; the only thing to be hear from the four men be ex - clamation and a occasional startle curse . with a sudden movement lewis shift he part of the corpse to ed and double back the way they have come . he run crouching like a animal darting in and out of the tree . he have draw he knife . : the three men struggle on . ed grunt with he increase burden . ( continued ) oo. ad fy '' 43 . 56 . 42 ( cont . ) . after a moment lewis appear at he side , take he share of the weight again . lewis he 's not follow . but we will make sure there 's no track . this way . lewis lead they to the leave where a creek be reveal . they scramble into the muddy water and wade up it laboriously . the forest here have a funereal , swampy look . the men toii along with the body . they be now absolutely cover and drench with sweat , from the stifling , breathless quality of this part of the wood . they climb out of the creek and twist and turn among the tree , until there be a feel of utter lostness . ext . swampy forest day unexpectedly , lewis hold up a hand , and , follow he example , the other aid he in let the corpse down onto the ground . lewis motion for ed , and ed step up to he . in a kind of silent ceremony .... very ritualistic .... lewis unclip the death -arrow and nhands it to ed , who take it , not know exactly what lewis want he to do with it . he examine it as he would any cther arrow , then hand it back to lewis . they be next to a blue-black seepage of water like a sump of some kind . as though he be compete in an.archery tournament , lewis put the arrow on the string of he bow and draw it . : in the act of draw it he appear to aim up into the tree and ed 's eye follow the projection that the arrow might take . but very dramatically .... lewis slowly bring it down until the arrow be point directly at the swampy ground . he hold the arrow at full draw for a long endless momen , mesmerise the other in the tension he create . he be cen - centrate utterly . he release . the death -arrow disappear into earth . it be perfect . he be deep in what be almost a Zen-like concentration . there be no trace of the arrow . it might have go a mile deep or even penetrate the very heart of the earth itself . lewis break he own spell by bend down to pick up ths corpse ; the other follow he example . they struggle on with it for a while . lewis turn , point down directly underfoot . the men put the body down . dhe 57 . ext , burial place day lewis fall to he knee and start digging with he bare hand . the other come down to the ground with he and start digging too . : it be fairly easy work , and they do it gladly , even drew , in a kind of a frenzy to get rid of the body . they dig like dog , throw dirt this way and that . the self - absorb efficiency of drew , who be work harder and get more do than any of they , be very strike . they breathe be heavy and irregular in the ominous . silence . finally , lewis stop digging . it be a very makeshift grave indeed , with fern grow around it . the body lie there beside the digging man , serene and indifferent , and the gun beside it . : they stand up and regard they work , lewis solemaly nod he head . drew cross himself . then they roll the corpse in a very undignify way into the grave . lewis reach back and get the gun . he put it into the grave , look at he arrangement " for a moment , then reach back into ths trench '' and make some final adjustment . he draw back , apparentiy satisfied . :. . , rewis , {conclusively } . oik the four men shovel and scramble the dirt back into the grave . the body slowly be make to disappear under the four-part volley of dirt and leave , at last he be totally cover , and lewis smooth the leaf - mold over he . they be all ludi - crously kneel before the grave . drew look intently at ed , as though he gaze be willing ed to do something before it get to be too late . lewis ( with conviction ) ' fern 'sll be grow here in a few day . nobody would ever come on he in a million year . I doubt if even we could find this piace again . drew there 's still time , Lewis . you better be sure you know what you be do . lewis get to he foot , rub the dirt and leaf mold off he hand : ( continued ) 58. 4h ( cont . ) 45 . lewis ( with all he old conviction ) I be sure . believe I . but ed can not resist search the tree anxiously . ext . the resting place day the four men scramble into the two canoe and shove off . they hastily rearrange they gear as they move out into the current . they be desperate to be away , ail excent lewis who be relaxed and seem almost reluctant to leave the place where he kill the man . he look at it intently . . lewis it never happen . think of it as a dream . bobby Lewis . let 's get the fuck out of - here . : '' " ed what 's the plan , Lewis ? - _ lewis ( soothingly ) plan ? why we just paddle on down to aintree , pick up that car and go home . what else ? the river be transformed for they , omincus and threaten , every dark open in the tree a possible menace , every turn in the river a dangerous event . they jerk they from side to side ; wild , hunt animal look , ed and be together acain in the aluminium canoe while lewis bobby be in the heavy wooden one . ed and drew get a ahead . ed bring he bow up close to he , ready . while all this be go on they have baen move into gorge . the rosk - face rise and narrow in , ths sound river change , reverberate , intensify . head drew and littie a of the ed try to speak to drew but can not get through to he . the sound of the river as it come back off the cliff - walis be mow such that the human voice can hardly be hear at all , even when it shout its loudest . ie — ~ , 46 . at . 596 ext . the gorge , _ day ed glance to he leave , and he gaze travel up the wall awsomely , higher and higher , until he see that the gorge be at least a hundred and fifty foot high , or maybe even higher . ed look apprehensively at this , all the time in the tremen - dous sound of the reverberate water . the river be beginning to fall more abruptly . there be more rapid and more rock , ed and drew be work hard to keep the canoe go straight . they be cover with spray and foam , the canoe pitch and buck . they come into a comparatively calm stretch between rapid , and go around a turn . a long stretch of -very rough water lie ahead , go out of sight around another curve . it look awfully rough ; too rough . : ed ( scream at the top of he lung ) let 's go right down the middle . give I some speed , baby } something happen to drew ; it be impossible to tell what . hé shake he head violently ( but this might just be the canoe bump on a rock ) and he paddle be whirle out of he hand by the river . he pitch over , or be throw over or something . whatever it be , the canoe go out of control . ed let go of he paddle and grab for the bow at he foot as he last act before the canoe overturn in the boil , angry , murderous water . ext . he great rapid : Day ed be part of the river , turn over and over , bang oa stone , sometimes out of the water and sometimes under it , rush along with unbelievable force . momentarily he surface face back up river as lewis and bobby founder helplessly on the first canoe . lewis and bobby spill out on opposite side , and the two canoe roil over and over each other like iog , until the wooden canoe burst open on a rock . ed struggy desperately with the water , try to get he foot forward of he . after several attemp , he succeed , his body elongate in the river . he have the bow , and he begin to slither over moss - cover rock on he back . he hit the back of he head on one big rock , but then seem to get the hang of it . there be a curious look of pain pleasure on he face as he slide along , still alive . ( continued ) '' I 60 . 47 ( cont . ) 4a , a deeper turmoil of water suck he under , despite the life - jacket . : then the last of the ravid be ahead , and ed go over they , over a last big rock and down into calm water . ext . pool at base of gorge ' day ed float , cradling the bow , in the slow water below the fall : he be a tiny figure , idly turn in the aftermath of the furious white water , down between the enormous wing of the gorgenside . he lie back in he life - jacket as though on a bed . he be groggily try to assess he situation . he grimace with pain , and lift he leave hand out of the water . he have hold of the arrow in the bow-quiver by the arrowhead themselves . he let go , and he palm be wash with blood . ed clumsily try to rearrange himself in the water : try to get into position to look upstream at the last of the rapid he have just come down , try to look for the other . he keep look at the last rock of the rapid , but can see no sign of life . a man flop over the rock of the white water , completely out of control , and he recognize after a bit , that it be bobby . bobby start to splash he way to the side . through no fault of he own , unhurt . soon lewis be spew out of the rapid , one hand hold he paddle and the other over he face . lewis writhes and twist in the water . ed move towards he . lewis i ( against the river - sound ) my leg 's break . it feel like it break off . ed hold on to I . ( continued ) a rc cp RI ns 61 . a 48 ( cont . ) CD lewis get hold of ed 's life - jacket or collar , and ed struggle to get both of they to the bank . ed glance back from time to time , look for drew . ed and lewis reach the bank , where bobby lean out to help they . lewis crow-hop and get himself onto a big rock , where he collapse . ed go to he and try to make he comfortable . lewis be still hold onto he face with a hand , he pain obviously all but intolerable . ed bend down to he , for it appear as though lewis be try to say something . lewis ( against the ever - present river sound ) Drew be shot . I see ite he 's dead , : ed be stunne . even in this condition , lewis have the power to shake he equilibrium . the roar of the rapid be deaf - ening . they have to shout to be hear above it . ed be that it ? something happen . but T do not know . shit , Lewis , what a mess you get we in to . he get up from lewis 's side and turn uneasily to bobby . ed let 's try - and find Drew . he wade back into the water with that special revulsion that it take to get back into cold water once you have leave it . bobby follow he . bobby shot ? ed he say . they . swim about somewhat aimlessly for a moment or two , then something come tumble down the rapid . they both see it 7 and it awake hope in they . '' , . ( continued ) ( & 48 ( cont .2 ) 49 . 62. bobby ( call out ) Drew ! it be not drew but he guitar . '' the neck have snap but it be still connect to the box by the string . dissolve : ext . pool at base of gorge night they be still swim , search , a moon have rise . ed Drew ! Drew ! the SOUND echoe against the wall of the gorge . the aluminium canoe , half - bury in water be slowly circle in a eddy . they push it into shore and ed find a break paddle too , they continue they conversation in a atmosphere of strange unreality as they swim and then climb out of the water , ed I think he mean to pick the rest of we off tomorrow , bobby . what ...? ed that 's what I would do . would not you ? they stand now , drip wet , look out at the water . ed if Lewis be right , and I think he be , that toothless bastard draw down on we while we be lining up to go through the rapid , he kill the first man in the first boat . next would have be I . then you . bobby in other word , it 's lucky we spill . ed right , lucky . very lucky . they stand together without say anything for a moment . bobby what be we go to do ? ( continued ) 49 ( cont . ) 63. ed ( point up ) what be he go to do ? ed turn and lean down towards lewis with sudden angry vehemence . ed well , Lewis , what will he do , huh ? lewis make no sign of have hear . he be lock in he pain . but on he contort face could be a almost sphinxlike smile , ed turn back to bobby , recover he control as quickly as he lose it , . bobby ( look upward apprehensively ) you think he 's up there ? do you really ? : ed I be think we better believe he 's up there . bobby but then what ? ed we be catch in this gorge . he can not come down here , but the only way out of this place for we be down the river , we can not run out of here at night , and when we move in the morning he will be up there wait . bobby ( awed and terribly frighten ) Jesus Christ almighty . ed turn to lewis again whose face be now turn into the earth , bite the dirt . ed ( shouting ) Lewis ! you get we into this . what do we do now ? you be the guy with the answer , lewis arch he back in some private spasm in the inpenetrable world of he pain , ( continued ) errr mere rarr er 6h . CO 49 ( cont .1 ) ep you be ruin , useless ... break . you fuck fraud . the invective bring lewis back to the surface of he agony . he turn he head up and focuss he mad eye on ed . lewis it 's with you , Ed baby . this be where you get to play the game . bobby he 's delirious . what the fuck do we do ? ed ponder for a moment , ed ( with a kind of secret certainty ) if he know where we be , then we know sure as hell where he will be . right up there ! he stretch he arm upwards , but do not follow it with he cf y ) eye . very much the sort of gesture lewis would have make . bobby ( hushed ) if he 's up there and he want to kill we , he can kill we . ed except we have ' get one big card . bobby we have ? ed he think we can not get at he , and if we can , we can kill he . bobby how ? ed with a knife or a bow . or with we bare hand , if we have to , bobby cc ) . we ? no . one of we . ed ( continued ) 65 . mr ) 49 ( cont . 2 ) sa bobby ( make a gesture of pure helplessness ) I can not even shoot a bow . ed then that make it simple , do not it ? bobby ( reach out a hand and catch Ed 's arm , compulsively ) Ed , level with I . do you really think you can get up there in the dark ? ed make no answer , he be utterly absorb in the problem now , totally concentrate . they stand together in silence , ed with he hand on he hip , look up the gorge -side , lewis writhes on the ground under they , and a muffle groan escape he . bobby what be you go to do ? I mean , how will you find he ? ce = if I get up there , I be go to do just exactly what I would do if I be he . there be some rapid right below here , and he will not want to shoot at we when we be jump and bob up and down , if - he 's come , he will come right here where it 's calm and he can take he time about draw a bead and set up he shot , there 's get to be one spot up there he would go for . I be go to find it and wait for he , bobby I will not do it . you be set I up as a decoy . ed listen , you son-of - a-bitch . you go up there and kill he , bobby be shaking , comsume with fear . bobby € could not we just ..... on ) . ed eee just what ? ( continued ) 66 , 49 ( cont .3 ) ) bobby ic ) ( leok down , se shake he head ) it 's just that I do not . want to die , I really do not . ed walk over and get the bow , and string it . he take out one of the two arrow , test it for straightness , then do the same with the other , ed I have get one good arrow and another one that 's crooked as a pretzel . but I will not get but one shot anyway . bobby stand without say anything , and ed crouch down beside lewis , who be grind the back of he head into the sand , in pain . lewis ( look straight into Ed 's face ) do you know what the fuck you be do ? ~ ed no , creature . I be go to make it up as I go along . ~ C @° lewis ( with terrifying intensity ) kill he , : ed ( nodd gravely ) I will kill he if I can find he . lewis ( lie back once more ) well , here we be , at the heart of the Lewis medlock country , ed ( rise ) pure survival . lewis this be what it come to . I tell you . ed ( get ready to set out ) yes . you tell I , '' oo N 50 . 67 . ext , cliff face : night ed coil the nylon rope and put he leave arm between the bowstring and . the bow , with the arrowhead turn down . he look up the cliff one last time , then run hard at it , scramble , pull up , and work himself up onto a little ledge about twelve or fifteen foot above the river , he turn around and stand there , look out over the water . the moon have rise over the river , the last of the rapid they have come down be on the right ; on the leave be the rapid further downstream ; ed watch the river for a moment , mesmerise by its mystery . he turn back to the cliff , try some hand and foot position , and begin to inch up . ed be hand grope , find hold , he foot do the same , he begin to sweat and he breathe get harsh , the cliff be get steeper as it get higher . he be beginning to labor and strain for every inch , and he breathe begin to sound more and more desperate . he climb up a kind of funnel where water trickle down from a spring . he climb by brace himself in this ' chimney 's . the water run over he . he pause for a moment and smile at a lone flower grow out of the rock , now he reach a absolute impasse : he can not go up any farther and he can not go down , he can not go to the right or to the leave . he be trap , terrify and helpless . there be absolutely nothing he can do . he look down , over he shoulder , there be the bright moon - pit , and it must be a hundred and fifty foot below he . he turn back to the cliff , lean he face against it , sobbing , all control just about go . suddenly he make a lunge at the cliff ....up the cliff .... he hand catch on something . he get hold of something with the other hand , and there be a wild hope in he face : the last hope of all . Ed pull up , and get himself into a kind of narrow crevics or niche in the cliff . in do this he almost lose the bow , but manage just barely to save it . he strétches out on the floor of the niche , breathe heavily , and tremble . it be as though he be lie in a coffin , except that he be sweating so heavily , after 'a while he prop - up on one elbow and look over the side of the crevice , down at the river . he lie there stroking the curve of the bow , look down at the wild , godlike and mind - less beauty of the river on fire with moonlight . ed ( mumble profoundly ) ' what a view . what a view , ( continued ) 50 ( cont . ) - 51 . 68. he lie watch the river intently . ed have lean out to see the view better and almost fall , the bow slither over the side and he just manage to save it . he jerk back , slowly he feel the crevice above he head , and around the top of it , to see what 's there . painfully he begin to get himself together once more : to climb , he get a hold .... a fairly good hold .... on something and drag himself upward out of the crevice . he climb in a kind of trance , he finger like independent being crawl over the surface haul the body after they . he be so high over the river that the scene be both awesome and ridiculous . he be still inching up , and up , and up . the cliff be not as steep as it be : thing be go better . ed begin to crawl on he knee , he slither and wriggle upward , and the sound of he breath be like that of a man who see that he might after all be able to do what he 's try to do : might be able to do it , and probably will . there be 6 kind of rage of incredible belief and joy in ed 's breathe : it be almost bestial , : he look up , and the enormously intense moon be right in he face , come down through a crack in the rock , he make for the crack , get into it , rise from he knee , stumble forward among rock and bush , sobbing with relief , he look down at he foot , amaze to discover he can walk . ext . cliff top night he stand on the top of the cliff look down at the enormous mindless blaze of the moonlit river . he have make it , and he attitude as he stand there be not completely mortal or even ; human , it be more godlike , or demonic . but it be not quite a the face he 's have before at all , . ed examine the cliff top very carefully . he come to a dig boulder with a open space that give a perfect view of the river below . ed nod : he figure that this might indeed be the plece . he move around experiment with position . the ground be soft and he leave heavy track . ed get down at the very edge of the cliff in the prone position for fire a rifle . he sight a imaginary rifle down on the river . he look around . the wood be very thick just back off the little open space he 's in . he go back inte they , and ed select a tree and climb it with much labor movement and a few slip . o 53. she 69 . ext , treehide . _ night he open the pine branch slowly with one hand , and look out on little open space , which be below he and about fifteen yard away . . he break one or two branch to make the view permanent . he adjust he ' foot and body then put a arrow on the bow , get himself set , and come back to full draw . he do this two or three time until he 's satisfied . he then hang the bow on the limb and try to get comfortable in the tree to wait for the first light . he stare fixedly , without expression into the ' tunnel 's he will shoot down . ext . cliff top night to day the tree , river and cliff top , strong dark shape in the brilliant moonlight , now melt slowly into a flat grey dawn , ext , treehide day he be doze , in the tree , he head back against the bole . the bow hang beside he head , and a little light glint on the two arrowhead . suddenly ed start , almost fall , catch himself and look around with exhaust eye , but he be awake enough to know that the sun be just beginning to appear . he shake he head like a boxer try to shake off a punch , ed peer this way and that , try to see a little more . he blink he eye like a man who have not have anywhere nearly enough sleep , he look down into the sandy shelf , there be a pair of foot - boot . , .. stand on the shelf , barely inside ed 's range of vision . ed 's face be pure terror . he keep look , and the foot on the ground move until most of the whole man pass through ed 's line of sight and then out of it to the other , upriver , bide . but he have see enough to know that the man be carry a rifle , ed crane to see the man , but can not make he out again , then the foot appear on the other side of the tunnel of branch , stop for a moment , then come right to the center of it and stop . what ed can see of the man indicate that he be look at the ground , examine it , maybe . ed 's track , of course , be what he 's look at . hardly dare to move , ed stretch out for he bow , hang on a branch . it creak as he take hold of it . ed wince at the sound he be make , his hand tremble uncontrollably as he take a arrow and string it . inch by inch he level the bow , then slowly pull back the string . ( continued } 70 . sk ( cont . ) the verticsl rectangle of the peep sight on . the string waver back ... just as it do when ed hunt the deer . he hold at full draw , fight to control the tremble that rack he whole body . he adjust the peep sight up and down , right and leave , until little by little , in the waver peep sight , the man be frame . then with a shock , ed notice what the man be do : he be get the gun ready , and he eye be follow ed 's track straight to the tree . they reach the tree , and slowly begin to rise from the ground . in a moment he be go to be look up through the tunnel into ed 's face , with a kind of strangle cry ed release , the peep~sight snap away . then all hell break loose . thé whole tree shake violently , as though a giant ax nad strike it and at the same time there be a tremendous explosion , as the gun go off in what have be utter silent concentration . then ed be fall through the tree , branch slapping at he , turn , whirling about he . he cry out then crash to the ground with tremendous impact . he be on the ground without he bow , not know quite what have happen , shake , terrify . he try to move , ee cri out in pain , startingly , and as though he be discover that he have break a leg , a rib , or something else . he raise he head , cautiously . he see the man with the gun staggering towards he , the man fire the gun at the tree , up into the branch , then he stop , sway a little and look right into ed 's face , he raise the gun to shoot again but fire into the ound just in front of he foot , at the same moment , ed dus : down , terrify , he crawl a few foot and after a moment carefuliy raise he heed again , the man be on he knee . he be turn sideways revealing for the first time the arrow , almost its whole length , come out the back of he throat . it waggle horribly behind he , he be retching and the violence of he retching shake the arrow loose , and it fall from he , ed watch with horrify fascination , : - ed die} my godi die , die ! ed put he head back down and be still , apparently unconscious , then he slowly raise himself to do something , but this time it q be not to look at the die man , but at himself . '' he look down at he side and it have a arrow stick through 2 it . still attach to the arrow by the lower part of the bow - quiver , be the break bow , ( continued } CO ) 71 . 5 h ( cont .1 ) ed put he head down once more , try to organize himself , to find what to do . finally , he pull himself to a sit position and cautiously , with great , obvious pain , try to pull the arrow out of he side . he can not , and he see he can not . with great effort he pull the big knife out of the scabbard ... and cut away the material from the fly suit he 's wear from around the arrow . he try in a gingerly way to cut the arrow out . then he seize the knife in both hand and drive it down . he explode in a scream .... something like bobby 's in the rape scene .... and the knife fall ringing on stone . once more he reach down to he side , and this time , in some way , he come away with the :arrow . he sit for a moment with the bloody shaft in he hand , like a religious object , just look at it , and it be bloody indeed . now he look over the rock again onto the sandy shelf , the man have go . ed get to he foot , painfully , protect he hurt side , he pick up the bloody knife , and , with a great deal of awkwardness and effort , cut a sleeve off he outfit and a long strip from one leg , and put the sleeve over the wound as a bandage and bind it with the strip of nylon from the leg . he be a weird - look figure when this have be do . he hug he side with a crooked arm and lean into the wound as hs walk . he move out onto the sandy shelf . he go to the place where the man be , and stand look down , sway and think . ed get down on one knee , wince with pain , and run he handover the rock and sand , he pick up a handful of sand with blood in it and rifle through it like a placer - miner examine gold - dust , . still on he knee he follow the blood trail of the hurt man , he look for it and find it : on stone , on pine needle , on blade of grass , ( continued ) 72 . su. ( cont . 2 ) 55 . ed follow the blood , rock by rock : follow the blood spoor like a dog would . he move on , stone by stone , leaf by leaf , irregularly stop sometimes to search , then find the blood again and go on . his head low down , he be startle to suddenly come upon the rifle . it be long and flat and old . oddly , it be a repeat rifle rather than a shuck -action . ed touch it . he go on , past the gun , and into a canopy of leave , here , it be harder to find the blood . he look at bush , at the leave on bush individually , at pinestraw , at small pebble , back and forth , finally he find one drop , and this . one drop draw he further on , deeper in . ext , clearing in wood day ed get to he foot with a weird coreckscrew movement . he be in a clear . he stand there sway , not know what to do , look about . ed start around the perimeter of the clear . he be still staggering , but learn to hold himself together a little better , learn to cope with what he have to cope with . the sun be slant and shudder on the ground arcund he , and the wind be sighing in . the branch overhead , he go along through this modify cathedral atmosphere , look for more blood , hold he side together , hold he own blood in , he stop , peer . there be a dead tree about twenty yard away , and something lie at the foot of it . ed move to this , and then look down onto the body of a man . it have hold of one root of the tree , ed turn he over with a foot . he have a hand on he knife . he pull the knife slowly and purposefully out of the case , and bend down . he look at the corpse 's face . a scream come from he : a terrible scream of frustration and horror . ed oh no} oh no ! ( continued ) co 73. 55 ( cont . ) 56 . the man 's mouth if full of yellow tooth , shaken and fascinate , ed ' get down on one knee with the knife in he hand , shudder , he hold the man 's head and pries at he upper gum with the knife , and a upper plate begin to slide from it . as soon as this be establish , ed turn the knife and drive the false tooth back into the mouth , ed take the knife into he hand again . a low growl come from he . this be a moment balanced between infinite possibility : ed could do anything at this point , he have the face of a primitive man . his feature be transformed by extreme effort and lack of sleep . he look savage . ed 's breath again , harsh and loud , into the breath come some kind of crazy melody , maybe something of the Beatles : something identifiable , there be also some suggestion of a advertising jingle : one of this inescapable tune from we daily life , ed King size Coke have more for you ... King size Coke have more for you ... ed 's eye be truly maniacal as he continue the sing and hum crazily . shaken by he own incipient violence , ed fumble the knife back into the case , he take hold of the man and try to get he up on he shoulder in the old fireman 's carry from Boy scout day , finally he get up with the man : ard svart back . through the cathedral wood , with the wind blow lightly through the tree and the sunspot dance on the ground , the weather be pleasant and bright : eariy morning spring . ed stagger through the bush with the man on he back , he be barely make it , but he be make it . they tear through small bough of rhododendrons , finally they break through the last screen of the wood and move slowly back into the clear , Ed put the man down at almost the exact spot where he shot he , collapse with he , they both lie per - fectly still side by side , indistinguishable , one creatur , ext , cliff top day ed take the rifle by the barrel , swinging it twice around he head like a hammer - thrower , and sling it cut over the river . it fall away , spin . it hit the water . now ed throw the death -arrow and the other one into the river like spear , he pick ‘up the break bow , and he turn it over in he hand , there be the great affection in he ( continued ) the 56 ( cont . ) . . face : this be the thing that save all they life , but mainly he own life . & then the spell break , and ed -step deliberately to the cliff top and pitch the bow over the side . it fall away . ed step back beside the dead man and take stock . he begin to uncoil the rope , and it be evident that he have quite a lot of it . ed tie the rope under the arm of the dead man and walk over and tie the other end to a tree grow at almost the very edge of the cliff . he go back to the body and haul it to the edge of the eliff , take up the slack in the rope with he hand , and kick and shove the body over the cliff with he foot . ed race back and strain to let the body down , arm dover arm , : it go hard , ed sweat and strain , try to take a turn of rope around he body , find he can not do it , let the body down foot by foot , he back up and brace himself against the tree , work harder than he 's ever work in he life , the coil of rope wear siowly ... very slowly away at ed 's foot . finally , at long last , all the rope be go , and ed step away from the tree , try to get he hand unclench , he wring he hand up and down like someone who 's touch a hot stove , try to get the circulation back into they . he go to the edge and look down , then get down on he knee at the cliffside and take hold of the rope with both hand , | he get he foot over the edge and start down on the rope , let himself down hand over hand , strain and hurt , but go down well enough . he scramble against the cliff - face with he foot , find foothold , bobby , hearing something , wade out into the river to look up at ed and the corpse swinging on the rope . it be evident that ed be almost completely exhaust . he go down toward where the corpse dangle below . he be almost there . ed stop to rest on a little ledge . the corpse be about ten C or fifteen foot under he , swinging moodily in the breeze from the river , spin idly , knock against the cliff face , : '' versus ( continued ) 75.6 56 ( cont .1 ) oo . ed sit , hold the rope . he be still about fifty foot up ( from the river , and he be evidently figuringwhat to dc . from st where he sit he can see even lewis lie in the bottom of the canoe , lewis 's position be terribly twisted look and unnatural , he have he hand over he face , bobby stand watch . on the ledge , ed look at he free hand , flex the finger . he slide off the ledge and start down again . ed be almost on top of the corpse . he hang there for a moment , look down , try to figure what to do . suddenly it be as though the film have break , but what have really happen be that the rope have break . there be a instant of pure blackness , then the sky and the river and the gorge turn haphazardly and idly about each other , there be a muffle yell , the yell be suddenly cut off , and ed be in another world , it be green and quiet , underwater , ed find himself inter - twine with the corpse whose limb move under the water with uncanny animation . it be as though the man be try to embrace ed or drow he , he fight free , cocked to one side of the pervade green be a suffuse yellow area , and qo gradually ed approach this . as he get closer to it , he ; see that it be something like a submerge sun , waver and ceo expand . in fact , it be the sun , and it explode in he face as ed 's head come clear of the water , 57 . ext , below the rapid day ed struggle feebly in the water , try to discover if he 's be hurt even more , try to move he arm and leg and discover that he can do it . he begin , with infinite weariness and effort , to swim to the canoe . ed reach the batter side of the canoe , stand up in the shallow water among the rock , and look over the gunwale into the bottom of the canoe . bobby have reach out to help he in . lewis be lie there , either dead or barely alive . the flcor of the canoe be awash - with filthy water , much of it contain - ing stuff that lewis have vomit up . this be float and softly sloshing around lewis 's form . . bobby q I do not believe it . this be not happen to we . 1 'o cs bobby look searchingly at ed , but ed just shake he head , ( continued ) 76 . 57 ( cont . ) 58 , bobby and you kill he ? you kill he ? again ed say nothing but go over to look at lewis , there be 'no sign of life . he bend down to listen for he breathe , bobby Lewis have be have @ bad time . once I think he would die , he 's awful bad hurt , he get up and they walk over to where the dead man lie on the rock , face down , with the rope pile on and off he . bobby ( look up with incredulity ) be this .....? ed ( not absolutely sure , but fairly sure ) yes , I think so . it 's get to be . he have a gun . bobby but it might have be just -& guy outece . ed he be in the right place at the right time , no ; it 's get to be he . bobby suddenly catch a glimpse of ed 's injury . bobby , ( with genuine concern ) but he shot you , do not he ? : ed shake he head . ed ( resignedly ) I fall out of the tree onto my other arrow , . ext , the river ~ day they be in the canoe , all four . ed be in the stern seat , bobby in the bow . ed have the whole paddle , bobby the break one , lewis and the dead man lie side by side , and it ( continued } ( cc ) tt . 58 ( cont . ) 59 . be hard to tell which be dead , and which be net , for they both might be . the corpse have a number of rock tie to he with cut up length of ed 's rope . they be move from the bank out to the middle of the large pool under the rapid . they ship they paddle and heave out the rock . the procedure be grotesque and terrifying , and also ina greusome way funny , for the corpse do not seem to want to leave the canoe , it hang spreadeagled on the gunwale , in a wild , desperate and abandon movement , ed pick up the last and biggest rock , the one tie around the body 's neck , and with great effort , heave it out . the corpse be whisk with breathtaking quickmess away and into the river . the canoe rock widly . ed and bobby now begin to paddle , very slowly , ina grotesque parody of canoe . the canoe move away , down river , neither look back , the canoe turn out of the gorge and into the eye of the sun and it seem to float upon pure liquid gold , pure light ; and in the middle of this , the two exhaust men . the sun burn higher . dreamlike , the tree drift past they . lewis lie with a arm over he face . the canoe glide on through the black water . ext . drew's rock day they come around another turn , and there be a momentary but definite impression of a man , a body , fave the canoe from some of the river- rock downstream . bobby ( turn , in unbelief and horror ) ed} ed ( quietly ) be it Drew ? " bobby ( sobbing ) yes . yes . ed let 's go to he , {continued ) 78. 59 ( cont . ) drew be sit in a grotesque position in the rock , as though in a kind of natural chair , the water flow over he , prop he head back , a thin continuous spray of it go into he open mouth . he have he eye wide open , gaze upstream as if forever , the canoe ride just past the body and stop . with infinite weariness , ed get out of the canoe onto the rock and the shallow around they , he walk the length of the canoe , and come to bobby , who be stting , hold he half - paddle , asleep . he jab at bobby who wake up and get slowly out of the canoe , drew sit there , uncare , a stupid , water - cause , stream grin on he face , he even look happy , in a kind of weird , eternal way . ed try to pull the body out of the rock , and at first can not do it , then he get the body by the strap of its life - jacket and haul it forward , the effort make ed trip , he flounder and fall into the river , and the corpse , freed , begin to float serenely away . ed flounder after the corpse , get it over to one of the rock and beach it , he turn the corpse over , look at it intently . ed ( beckone to Bobby without look in he direction ) Bobby , come here , there 's something we have get to decide about . bobby reach ed , and ed point down at something concern the corpse . they hang on the rock , panting and gasp . ed . be this a gunshot wound ? bobby Ed , you know I would not know . but it sure do not look like it to I . ed ( evidently touch some - thing on the corpse ) what about this place , though ? something hit he in the head . but whether this place ' kill he or not I do not know . ( continued ) 19 . 59 ( cont . 1 ) oo : bobby _ or whether it be make by a rock after he go in . - =d I would like to know , I think we ought to know , . bobby . how can we know ? ed Lewis would know , let 's give he a look . they drag drew 's body to the gunwale of the canoe . they put drew 's head up over the gunwale so that lewis can have a close look at the back and side of it . ed sink down until he head be exactly on the same level as drew 's , ed ( softly ) Lewis , lewis be either dead or sleep or pass out , ed ( softly but urgently ) Lewis , give we just a second , it 's important . it 's very important . lewis raise he head and open he eye . ed hold drew 's head in a gentle grasp , turn it slightly and with the other hand point to the place he want lewis to look at , ed . Lewis , be he shot ? do a bullet make this ? a flicker of the .old enthusiasm cross lewis 's eye and face , he look maniacal and wise . he know something the other do not . or do he ? ed ( more urgently ) well , be he shot ? be he , Lewis ? ( continued ) 80 . 59 ( cont . 2 ) slowly lewis bring he eye from drew 's head to ed 's eye , and stare into they . they stare at each other . slowly and almost imperceptibly lewis nod he head . lewis ( softly , but with utter conviction ) graze . lewis sink back into the bottom of the canoe , bobby maybe . . ed maybe , be it . it will have to be ( then , with resolution ) but we can not have anybody examine he . maybe we can not tell but there be guy who can , and if we have to explain a man with a gunshot wound the whole thing ' 1l come out . oo = bobby ( despairingly ) be we go to get out of this ? I don t see how we can . I really do not . ( mus ing ) we be almost out of it now . bobby what be we go to do with Drew ? ed we be go to sink he in this river . forever . bobby 0 god. 0 God almighty . ( continued ) & 59 ( cont .3 ) , , 81 , ed listen , we can not explain somebody kill with a rifle . bobby if he be . ed that 's right : if he be . bobby nlook down into the river ) there 's no end to it . ( shaking he head ) no end . ed bend and fumble in he leg pocket for the extra bowstring he 's bring along , and bring it out . it contain a build - in peep sight such as the one on the string he use to kill the man with , except this sight be blue rather than orange . ed tie the string around a big rock and the other end around drew 's belt . 4e put the rock in the canoe , and bobby get back in , ed begin to float drew 's body downriver in its kapok life jacket , go along beside the body in he own life jacket , swim slowly . drew float face - up , he hand spread wide in the water . ed be very close to he , and he look at one of drew 's hand . it have a college class ring on it , and guitar calluse on the tip of the finger , now pucker with the water . ed feel this with be own hand , ed seem to cry or choke on the river water . ed you be the best of we , Drew , ed undoe drew 's life jacket , and throw it into the canoe , he nod to bobby . . ( continued ) 59 ( cont.h ) > 60 . 61 . 82. bobby , on he . knee beside lewis , heave out the rock . the body be snatch under , ext , the river hilly country day they be out of the gorge , back to the gentle wood slope . ed be paddle at long interval , just keep the canoe on course . bobby be slump in he ' seat , completely out of it . lewis be utterly still . they come around another turn , and the river begin to speed up , but be not perticularly dangerous - look . and yet the sound go up and un , become something close to a roar , it drew they out of they torvor . they sit up listen . ed ( afraid to believe what he 's hearing ) Bobby , I think I hear rapid . I know I do . ext , final rapid day the canoe begin to move faster , then faster end faster . what be out of sight aronnd the next turn be make the sound . they start to paddle find energy in the new danger . ed god. God , do something for we . they go into the turn , and the weter be get vicious . ed and bobby work with the stream , do whet they can . the sound be now tremendous , spray be fly around the canoe . come off the turn , there sre rapid as far as the eye can see , seethe , raging , tumultous with the very power of the universe itself . bobby simply fling he half - paddle eway and get ready to die , he hand over he face , ed ( to Bobby ) get down ! get down ! bobby drop back off he seat , hold onto the gunwale with both hand , riding right into the tooth of the white water . ( continued ) q ) 83. 61 ( cont . ) 62. the canoe career through a mist of sprey which foam up esround it seem to carry it into enother element altogether , down , down they go ss though they will slip off the side of the world . ed fight to keep the craft straight , the paddle almost tear from he hand by the unbridle violence of the water . lewis scream soundlessly as the canoe buck and scrape over rock . ed have a look of profound exultation on he face , of wonder - ful , dreadful enjoyment . ed ( shout ) : hold on , boy ! we be go home ! it become evident that this whole set of rapid culminate ina fall - off of about six foot . in other word , if they can get through this , they be out of danger , at least from this particuler set of rapid . they ride up to the fall - off , look at it with horrify fascination . they go up , and the canoe be fly ~ it have leapt out of the river . it come down with terrific impact . it almost capsize , but do not . and there it be . ext , flat country day the canoe idle into the calm water past the fall . it be sloshing with water , and lewis be practically submerge . bobby , still fall back from he sest , try to turn and say something , but he do not . ed pants end heave for he bresth . he look down st he side and clenches it with he arm . finally , ed , get thing together in he head , speak . : ed right here be where it all happen . bobby turn around - as much as he can = and stare as though a ssvage or a madman have speak . he have no notion of what ed mean . ( continued ) 84 . 62 ( cont . ) ' ed look . somebody be go to ask we thing . we would better get we story straight . when you get ask , tell ‘em that right here be where Drew fall out and Lewis break he leg . this be where we lostthe other canoe . o.k .? bobby ( mumble ) o.k. Ed bend forward towards lewis . ed Lewis . Lewis . do you hear not , buddy ? lewis make no movement , but lie as still as ever . his face be badly sunburn , he lip crack . it be something of a shock when he speak . lewis ( calmly and clearly ) I hear you . you have get it figure . we can get out of this . you be do it exactly right ; better than I could do . ed be distrube by lewis 's stillness . jt be as though he have pass across some threshold to the calm edge of death . ed can you hold out a little longer ? lewis sure . ed there can not be too far to go now . bobby ed§ look here ! ed look up from lewis at the river bank where bobby be point . it be a cow : a plain bleck and white friesian cow . peacefully it crop the grass at the river 's edge . bobby be grin ; ed 's mouth fall open . it be salvation , @ deliverance indeed . ed ut D it 's a farm ! we be here ! we make itd ( continued ) 85 . e , 62 ( cont . 1 ) au bobby turn and smile as he have not do before , and hold qo 63 . 64 . up the churchill v-for-victory sign . he be very likeable . he , too , be a new man . ed we do it . bobby you mean you do it . ed ( proudly , but with conviction ) no. ( pause ) we do it . there be that special bond between they that come from have be through hell together . the land be domesticate , pastoral , pleasant . ext . bridge at aintry day ed and bobby be beach the canoe on a bank of shingle close to a concrete bridge that carry a road over the river , bobby sink down next to the canoe , rest a hand on it , ' mindine it .! ed I be go to get help , Lewis . you will be out of there in no time . ed turn and painfully limp up the slope to the road . ext . road and bridge day reaching the road , ed look up and down it . the road be straight end empty and shimmer with heat . througn the haze , some two hundred yard away , be a gas station . he start towards it . he be totally exhaust . he fix he eye on the gas station , concentrate absolutely on the problem of drag he body to it . a open truck go past pile high with the furniture and belonging of a poor family . two child sit on a sofa at the back and watch this curious , rag man , hold he 's side , walk so slowly . 65 . 66 . 86 . ext , the gas station " Day a shiftless - look country boy sit in a kitchen chair outside the station , vropped against the wall . he watch ed come with widen eye , try to calculate whether this man be drunk or sick or mad or what . sitting there at the side of the garage sre the two car , drew 's and lewis 's . ed look at they in astonishment . he shake he head and blink , es though try to shake off a hallucination . he stumble up to they and slap lewis 's car , prove its reality . then he lean against it and laugh softly . the boy get up and call over to he . boy you come for the car , mister ? ed ( look up ) now ... yes «oo not exacly . the boy stand there hopelessly confuse . ed be there a phone here ? boy a phone ? ed a telephone , int , the gas station ed sit in a chair next to the phone among the pocket comb for sale and cheap dark glass , his head be slump back asleep , past caring . the boy watch ‘him silently , not move . a hand touch he . pently on the shoulder . ed start and cry out . tt be a black ambulance driver in a white ccat bend over he . t ( continued ) ln be emer 87 . as 66 ( cont . ) wa - driver 67 . i ( end in he . voice be the quiet marvellous reassurance that Ed need more than he need anything else in the world ) wnat in the world happen to you , man ? what in this world ? he help ed to he foot . through the window be the ambulance draw up by the pump . ed shake he head . ed not I . there 's another guy . he 's hurt bad . ext . bridge at aintry . day the ambulance driver and he assistant gently lift lewis out of the canoe . lewis groan or cry every time he be move . they teke he over to the ambulance , bobby follow they meke a token effort to help . ed lean heavily agsinst the embulance , with lewis inside the driver help ed in too , at this point a highwey petrol car drive up and stop , its antenna swish . two officer get out , one of they a mean-look blonde boy . blonde-officer what 's go on here ? ed catch bobby 's eye through the open rear door of the ambulance . they exchange a look which say " this be it " and " here go . " bobby meet the officer as he get out of the car . bobby we have have a bad accident . one of we party drown . officer ( suspiciously ) drounded ? bobby yes. officer how do you know he dround ? ( continued ) 88 , 67 ( cont . ) 68. : ambulance driver I get to get this man to the hospital , officer . he close the door on ed and lewis and bobby 's answer to the officer be cut off . ed watch through the window as bobby soundlessly exnlain to the patrolman . the ambulance pull away as bobby lead the officer over to inspect the canoe . int , hospital day ed be lie on the examine table of the emergency room . his fly suit be in a heap on the floor , he wear only he short , he filthy tennis shoe and he improvise bandage . the tight line in ed 's face be beginning to relax . he have a expression of perfect contentment , he be luxuriate in the safety and security of organised civilisation as represent by the hospital . he look around at the ordinary medical paraphernalia . ed : it 's beautiful . beautiful . a doctor have be scrubbing he hand in 's basin . he turn now , wiping they dry . doctor what be ? ed S oh , chromium , paper tissue , a tap full of hot water , everything . use something from a bottle , the doctor get off ed 's bandage . doctor good Lord , fellow ! what 's be chopping on you ? somebody hit you with a axe ? ed do it myself with a arrow . doctor how in hell do you manage to shoot yourself with a arrow ? I do not think it could be do . sitter UT they necnec no omne ee one at i 69 . 70 . 89 . ext , biddiford's HOTEL evening the ambulance be draw up outside a large , ramshackle old house with a sign over it say ' biddiford 's Hotel .! the driver be help ed out of the front seat . he be back in the rag fly suit . through a tear in the side , the brilliant white of fresh bandage show . driver take it easy , now . ed iwill , I will . a brisk , aprone woman of 60 open the screen door on the sagging porch before he get up the step , woman come on in . you be expect , int , biddiford's evening bobby be hover behind the woman chew a mouthful of food . Beyond he be a dining room table round which sit twelve or fourteen people . they be all look though at ed who stand in the lobby look rather limp . woman - you better eat just how you be , I will bet you can use a hot meal . she lead he in and seat he . bobby go back to he place . the other guest have still not resume eat or talk . they look st he with some awe . the woman pile up he plate and he put 9 morsel to he mouth . it be like a sign . there be a rush of talk and clatter and laughter . they all eat again and everybody want to pass ed something , to do something for he . it be too much for he , he begin to cry - for Drew , for he own pain , but mostly in gratitude for be welcome back to the human race . ed catch bobby 's eye across the table and they exchange a look which be like e thanksgive . then ed wipe he eye on he sleeve and start to eat in earnest . 90 . 71 . int , bedroom biddiford's day , be lie in brillient sunlight on a big country bed . he have part of a sheet over he . he wake up to a knock on the door , ed come in . bobby come through the door dress in a set of new clothes - jeans , a workshirt , brogan . he have another similar set over he arm . ed sit up , wince , as bobby put the outfit on the bed . bobby here . hope they frit . ed be the store open ? what time 's qo be it ? as bobby aften ten . listen , ed. ( lower he voice ) a guy 's be here ask sbout the ~ canoe . ed ( quicken ) what guy ? what about the canoe ? ed sit up straight on the bed . . bobby a little old guy who 's some kind of local lew man . he ask I about the other canoe , where be it , when do we lose it . ed what do you tell he ? wd : ( continued ) 91 . eo _ 71 ( cont . ) , bobby what we agree to tell he : that we lose it in that last bad plsce . but listen Ed they must have find part of it up river . they must have . ed Christ , what do we do now ? bobby can we patch up we story ? ed ( with desperate reasonableness ) I think so , we have to try . how this ? we spill twice . the first time we lostthe canoe and Lewis break he leg . and at cq this last fall we tip over , again and lose Drew . bobby ( warming to it ) right . it 's better because the ~ doctor can probably tell when Lewis ' leg be really break . ed good , good. | | bobby ( urgently ) but what be I gonne say to that little rat-face bastard when he face I up to what I tell he yesterday ?- ed tell he ... that he misread you : - that you never say it . I will back oo you up . . é ) ( continued ) 92 . 71 ( cont .1 ) bobby ( a fierce whisper ) Lewis ! we have get to get the change of story to he . before they talk to he . ed ( also whisper now ) Hell , you be right . let 's go to he . ed desperately pull on the rest of he new clothes . they ere both ceught in a sudden uncontrollable penic . bobby kneel down and tie ed 's boot lace . it be a good posture for 4 prayer , bobby pléase God , let we be in time . 72 . int . taxi day . bobby and ed sit nervously on the edge of the seat , in they new anonymous clothes , as the grimy cab haul they through aintry . the driver throw off the odd bit of information of local interest , figure they as tourist . bobby , sit right behind the driver clenches he fist , like a jockey urging .on a horse and mime ' come on .! | | taxi driver | that there 's we town hall . store be board uv , the street empty . the town be depress and derelict . taxi driver all this here will be under water , drownd ...... best thing ever e happen to this town . ( continued ) 93. 72 ( cont . ) 736 the 156 the cab pull into the forecourt of the hospital . ed jab bobby with he elbow . a patrol car be park outside . - ext . hospital day they get out , ed thrust money and thanks at the driver . the patrol car be empty . they hurry into the hospital try - ing not to break into a run . int , hospital : day they pad down the corridor , look rather furtive . the doctor who stitched up ed appear in front of they , his solicitous smile be genuinely human as well as professional , doctor well now , how 's the hari-kiri man ? they be force to stop . ed just fine , Doc , thanks to you . we be anxious to see how we friend be get along . ed start to shuffle past he , bobby at he heel .. doctor be they treat you well , up at biddiford 's ? bobby terrific , just terrific . they be past he now , and turn into the ward . int , hospital ward day one patrolman stand at the end of the ward , just inside the door , talk closely and intimately with the ward sister . his fellow sit next to the bed in which lewis lie , he leg up on pulley . the first patrolman jerk up from the sister as ed enter . ed have you be talk to he ? officer no . wait for he to come round . ( continued ) ihe i ) 75 ( cont . ) ( > before anyone can say anything ed walk down to the bed . nd he smile at the other patrolman . ed ( softly ) Lewis . be you awake ? lewis open he eye and look at ed with just the suggestion of a wink . he have obviously be sham sleep . ed how you feel ? lewis ( in the crack dry voice of the recently anethesise ) never better . ed cannot think how to disguise he purpose from the , patrolman whilst revealing it to lewis . he manage to communicate he anxiety to lewis who study he ) face closely . ed glance at the patrolman then clenches q . he mouth ; try to show lewis he cannot talk in front of the police . up the ward bobby be engage the other man , create a noisy distraction . lewis ( inspire ) what happen on that last stretch of rapid , buddy ? , . I can not remember a thing . ed it kill Drew , Lewis . a lewis ( sad and not act ) ' I should have save he instead } of coe ed ( quickly cut in ) eeoe how couid you , lie in the canoe with you leg break ? lewis 's eye flicker with the old gamesmanship , catch q on . lewis ( ) we be overload , I guess . ( continued ) 95 . 7 ( cont . 1 ) 76 . ed four in one canoe ? in that rapid { that gorge be bad enough where you get hit . but this mother } the patrolman have be listen closely . now he sense something go on . patrolman now , just a minute . but too late . lewis look up into ed 's eye , understanding everything . ext . river bank below final rapid day a miscellany of truck , jeep , pick -up and two patrol car be draw up on the river bank . in the river a number of men be drag with grapple hook and chain . there be quite a few spectator , all enjoy the excitement . ed sit on the bank next to a patrolman who be obviously post to watch he , another patrol car arrive and bobby step out of it . ed turn to watch and get a momentary impression that bobby be a prisoner . he be surround by policeme ] and other . a patrolman be talk to he with some vehemence , or appear to deo one man detach himself from the grouf around bobby , he be a small , old , light - body man . he come over to ed with the same sideways kind of walk the two man have when they come out of the tree . deputy queen seay , buddy . can I talk to you for a moment ? ed . sure . sit down . queen you say you start out day before yesterday ? ed we start Friday , at about four o'clock in the afternoon . ( continued ) 96 . 76 ( cont . ) , queen in two canoe . ed right . queen and you lose one of them right here ? ed no , a long way upstream . when we come through here , we be all in one canoe , they sit watch the searcher : the man , some of they waistdeep in the river , work with they grapples . one of the men in the river call to another , as though he have find something . he show a object . queen ( deliberately and slowly , still look at the river ) you buddy say different . q . ed ' ae ( with exaggerated surprise ) : I will be damned if he do ! go ask i he . i queen . ( shaking he head ) - I do already ask he . ed ask he again , or the one in the hospital . queen no ; no . you do have a chance | to talk to ‘em . ed ( with real indignation ) what the hell be you drive at ? queen ( play he trump / card ) '' we find half that other canoe . aan but it be not here . seem it of ) drift up riverj - : ( continued ) lr es EU rr re ee rn 97 . 76 ( cont . 1 ) queen wink at the patrolman and give a malicious half - smile . ed ( since he 's ready for this ) so what ? I tell you we lose the other one farther up . back up in a gorge . i.can take you and show you where it be . queen you know we can not get back up in there . ed that 's you problem . look : what in God 's name be this all about , anyway ? . ( pause ) be you the sheriff here ? queen depitty . ed where 's the sheriff ? sheriff right here . the sheriff have be stand right behind ‘hem , listen . lean on the patrol car . ed can you tell I what this man of ' yours be get at ? he seem to think we throw one of we party in the river , or something . " queen maybe you do . ed for Christ 's sake , for what reason ? queen ( sullenly , like he say everything ) how would I know that ? I know you can not get you storey straight , end there be not no good reason for you to be lyin’ . ' ( continued ) ea ee pe hon a a een et gg 76 ( cont . 2 ) 98. _ sheriff easy , Mr. queen. ( to Ed ) what about this ? ed what do you mean , what about it ? this man 's just confuse . maybe he do not like city people . God know what he game be . queen ( turn completely murderous ) I 'li tell you what , you city son of a bitch . my sister call I yester - day and tell I she husband have be out huntin ! and have not come back . I will just god - damned well guarantee y'll meet up with he somewhere . bullard look from one to the other - as though politely wait to see if they have finish . sheriff you be sure about this other canoe , now ? ed you better believe I be sure . queen ( pull at sheriff 's arm ) he aintt sure . he 's lyin ' . he 's lyin ' through he tooth . het do somethin’ up yonder . he 's do kilt my brother - in- law . ! ed ) ( turn with equal | violence on Queen ) listen , you little bastard . maybe you brother - in - law kill somebody . why be you bring in all this talk abcut kile ? queen he 's iyin ' , sheriff . dontt let he go . do not let the son of a bitch go . the sheriff watch they both closely , study ed 's face more than he word . ( continued ) 996 76 ( cont . 3 ) tt . sheriff we get nothin ' to hold he for , arthel . not right now . let 's see what come out of the river . queen ( almost scream ) do not let he go . I can just look at he and tell . . ( pause , panting ) listen , my sister call up last night , and she be just aecryin' . benson be not come home yet . she know he 's dead . she just know it . and this feller be the only one up in there , when he be sheriff now , you do not know that , arthel . what you mean be , they be the only eity fellow . ed shake he head , in both real and feign unbelief at such going - on . sheriff you 'li have to sign a statement tonight . you can go home in the morning . just leave I you address . ed just let we know if you find anything . sheriff do not worry . you will be the fuste . ext . the gas station day ed and bobby be pay off a taxi which have bring they up from aintry . they go over to the two car , drew's and lewis 's . the same boy be work the pump and he come across . : boy get the key here . at that moment , sheriff bullard cruise slowly up and stop . they be just get into the car , and they be oblige to get out again , rather awkwardly . sheriff Morning 's y'all gettin ' a early start ? ( continued ) 100 . oq 77 ( cont . ) / ed ( ) think we would , yes . the sheriff ciimp out of he car , come over and look at they with he own special look ; very penetrate , but amused and detach . sheriff the griner brother drive this down from ore , right ? bobby right . sheriff you happen to see another man with they up there ? bobby and ed glance at each other . bobby be not there another guy in the pick - up Ed ? ed o I think there be , yes . = the sheriff nod with a look that could mean everything or a nothing . they be not sure if they can go . they start to move to the car again , sheriff ' fore you go , buddy , let I ask . you something and tell you some - thing . ed ( over he shoulder ) ask away , sheriff hew come y'all and up with four life jacket ? the tongue of panic lick across bobby ' 's fase , and it would hardly escape bullard . ed we have a extra one . = sheriff 7 ; you have a extra one ? i ) ( continued ) 102 . 77 ( cont . 1 ) ed ( very sure , and look - ing he in the eye ) yes , we do . - the sheriff probe they hard with he eye , but the amusement be still there . ed what be it you want to tell I ? sheriff do not ever do anything like this again . do not come back up here . ed ( with a half - smile ) you do not have to worry about that . ( pause ) you act like you be tell a hire gun to get out of town . but we be all bow and arrow man . the sheriff smile lazily , dangerously , a cat paw two a catch mouse , . & . sheriff ~ ok . I want to see this place die peaceful . so long . have a good | trip . ed , so long . and I hope deputy Queen find he brother - in-law . sheriff he be a mean bastard anyway . the sheriff 's smile broaden just a little , but be still enigmatic , dangerous . he turn to he car . ed and bobby '' exchange a quick smile of relief . bobby pantomime a ' tyippee ' gesture to the sheriff 's bask . ed start the sar and bobby swing into the other , they pull out on to the road , bobby accelerate fiercely and pass ed , toot he horn . they head towards the bridge and the river , it be start to rain . 78 . int . drew's car . day oe as bobby reach the bridge he sound he horn again and . keep sounding it until he reach the other side . then it fi} stop and he be go . ed slow down watch bobby go then ad turn off down the ramp to the river bank . 796 80 . 102 , ext . river at aintry bridge : day the light rain be mottle the river . he get out of the car and look at the canoe which have be pull well up on the bank and turn over ; some muddy child be play near it . : ed run he hand up and down the batter hull . it have take '' terrific beat , there be gouge out dent in the metal and only streaky remnant of paint . ed 's attenticn be attract by some kind of activity across the river , behind the tree and bush he make out a cemetery . ed speak to a little girl . i ed what be it ? a funeral ? little girl | ( in very nasal , | country tone ) | naw . they be gonna move they people ' fore they finish the dam . . they be diggin they up . ed take a closer look , now he can make out the stack coffin , and the men move among they . some kind of mechanical digger be at work . the child scamper off downstream leave ed a very solitary figure . he look down intently at the river , perhaps to fix it in he mind or maybe he expsct it to yield up soma secrat , a answer , he look back at the graveyard , frown . two men hump a coffin on they shoulder . suddenly , tne rote ting side of the coffin fall away , they stop and try and get a better hold , but the bottom sag and then collapse and they whole burden disintegrate . they walk off une concernedly and pick up another coffin which the mechani - . cal. digger have gouge out of the ground . - ; ed watch this scene with a puzzle look as though it recall a memory , or be the echo of 4 forget dream , during this the first line of duell benjoe be hear , repeat over and over at first faintly , then more stronge - ly , the banjo answer the guitar . . dissolve : ext . a river meadow day it lie in water . Fish swim over the grass . the music rise too . dissolve : 81 , 62. 83. qo 8h . 85 . 203 . ext . wood _ os . day deep tangle wood very much like the spot where the hillbilly be bury . Water rise around the tree trunk . dissolve : ext . the cemetery . day one or two tomb and stone cross jut out of the water that submerges the graveyard . the misic climb with the water . : dissolve : ext . griner' yard day the wreck car be half - flood , a old - fashioned gasoline pump just have its head above water . dissolve : ext . lake . night a vast lake , perfectly still reflect a long shaft of moonlight . the msic level off seem to find fuifill - ment in the tranquillity of the lake that cover the drown valley . then a moment of excruciate horror : a white hend surface follow by a grey shupeless hump = a corpse . the shock echoe in the msic which become onze again drive and powerful . dissolve : ext . lake day a grey windy morning . two small boat with outboard motor be anchore out in the leke , a frogman surface from the water and climb into one of the dinghy , a group of people straggle along the lake shore , sheriff bullard be stand with ed , lewis and ecbey . le : have crutch , he leg be amputate at the ime , at cheix foot be a body , cover with a sheet . the sheriff be speak but the music drown he word . he bend down to lift the sheet . the three men strain forward to watch in a agony of anticipation . he pull up the sheet with a violent motion . matching CUT : oatebeney aatennientaassoneeemmenniaaced 104 . 7 86 . . int . ed' bedroom _ . night fv ed throw back the sheet and jerk up in bed , horror strike . the misic scream for he and stop . silence . martha ( a soft mother 's voice ) it 's all right , baby . shh ..... go to sleep . there , there . she stroke he hair and he lie down on he side , asleep immediately . she take he in she arm . 87 . ext . ed' house and STREET night ed 's house stand peacefully , safely in the comfortable suburban street with other like it . the light in ed 's window go off . the street be quiet and still , sleep . on each driveway a car be draw up . a child 's bicycle lie on one of the neat lawn . ed 's good and decent neighbour be asleep , dream whatever dream they dream . a