" demolition man , " by Daniel Waters ; and Jonathan lemkin demolition man participate writer : Peter lenkov Robert reneau Daniel Waters Fred decker Jonathan lemkin Story by : Peter lenkov Daniel Waters screenplay by : Daniel Waters Jonathan lemkin silver picture November 19 , 1992 c 1992 [ note : the following screenplay have numbered scene . these have be omitted for this soft copy .] " the world of the future will be a ever more demand struggle against the limitation of we intelligence ... " norbert wiener " on the whole , I would rather be in Philadelphia ... " w.c. field demolition man fade in : ext . black sky - night Dark , ominous cloud of smoke . a beat of semi-calm . and then ... a long blast of tracer FIRE cut through . and another . and another . we tilt down to discover we be -- ext . los angele - airborne - moving - night ( 1998 ) a city on fire . a block here , block there . more tracer FIRE . a cross between the LA riot and Gulf War . a supere title : LA riot III . and then fading in below : month 4 . we continue moving above the ravage city -- voice # 1 ( v.o. ) ( filter ) you imagine what it be like when they have to fly chopper through this shit ? voice # 2 ( v.o. ) not even . gliding totally silently into frame be the biggest , darkest , midnight blue blimp you have ever see . small gold letter on the side -- lapd . fully armored beneath . woven kevlar on the side . bullet rebound with a long zzzzzip off the side . ping softly off the plastic armor on the bottom . voice # 1 ( v.o. ) I do not understand where we be go and why the hell we be bother anyhow ... a new voice respond . this one brook no discussion -- spartan ( v.o. ) because there 's anger and there 's frustration , and then there 's pure fuck evil ... int . blimp pod - continuous action - night JOHN spartan peer down into the fiery landscape . spartan where we be go be pure fuck evil . ( beat ) thirty people who be riding that muni bus be still miss . I have get this bad hunch about who take they and where they be ... ext . extreme south central LA - from above - airborne - night Way up ahead , amid the flame , be a fortress . a square city block . wall . something out of the middle age . the wall be entirely make from stack abandon car . int . blimp pod - night spartan be drag a heavy bag up towards the door . pilot # 2 look at he curiously . pilot # 2 how come they call you demolition man ? be you with the bomb squad ? spartan get he bag into position . spartan I just ... ( shrug apologetically ) ... demolish thing . he check out the window . they be not quite there . spartan I do my job , shit happen . ( to Pilot # 1 ) get a thermo . the pilot take a thermogram of the building in the middle of the compound . we see a series of heat - outline figure move inside . pilot # 1 six . one still , in the middle . the rest move around . I do not see any thirty people . spartan ( check the thermo ) what 's that ? to the naked eye , out the window , tuck against the wall of car , a large tarp . to the thermo , the still warm inner working of the muni bus . faint outline of the engine , drive train , even seat and frame . bingo . spartan take a deep breath . loosen up he right shoulder . loosen up he leave . check the gun on he right hip . check the gun on he leave . they both cross draw . reaches down to the bag at he foot . lapd in reflective letter on the side of a backpack . spartan yank some kind of rope out of it . pilot # 2 be not that for get people out of burn building ... spartan yeah , sometimes ... slap a carabiner onto a big eyebolt by the door . they be dead center now over the complex below . he open the door . jump out . ext . blimp - night spartan fall three hundred foot from the blimp . Dead silent . the line run free behind he . it 's a giant fireproof bungee cord . as the downward force of gravity and the upward pull of the bungee become exactly the same , spartan stop dead in the air for just the briefest moment . whip out a bowie knife and slashes the cord above he head . Falls free the last ten foot to the roof of the building . land on he foot . lightn cross draw . a gun appear in each hand . ext . fortress - MAIN build - rooftop - night a lookout pop up on spartan 's right . spartan clobber he . another lookout pop up on spartan 's leave . spartan duck , roll quietly , clobber he , too . listen . no one 's take notice . holster the gun . move in towards the roof hatch . int . fortress - MAIN build - third floor - night stack with armament and steal goods . m70 's straight outta the National Guard armory . crates of ammo . stack of loot Sony holosets still in the box . spartan make he way carefully along . ready . spin at a SOUND . nothing there . spartan crouch low . slip around the crate . at the far end , a very large guard be do just the same thing to peer at where spartan just be . spartan launch himself at the guard . hammer he head against the floor . this guy be not get up again for a long time . spartan spin at a SOUND . another equally large guard dive on spartan from behind . he never make contact . spartan use he momentum to fling he past and into the wall . this guy be not get up again in the near future either . now the room be clear . move towards the stair . int . fortress - MAIN build - second floor - night simon phoenix snort a long pale blue line up one nostril . a long pink line up the other . one blue eye , one brown eye . blond hair . Black skin . look up at another thug . punch up the security cam on half a dozen slightly futuristic monitor . unconscious guard can be see on all of they . and on the last , spartan , come ... Phoenix jab a load orange syringe into a arm . the drug all hit various lobe . phoenix motherfucker . int . fortress - MAIN build - stairwell - night spartan creep quietly down . look , watch , listen . suddenly , the stair be rack with machine gun FIRE . chip of concrete fly from around he foot . spartan flatten against the wall . half a beat . step out firing . the machine gun stop . a body plummet by down the center shaft of the stair . spartan that 's a warm welcome . int . fortress - MAIN build - second floor - night Phoenix be dump can after can of gas all over the floor , the wall , everything . another angle - stairwell and landing spartan step onto the landing . check high and low . room be clear . he can smell the gas . back to phoenix Simon pries open the fuse box . flip off all the breaker . Building be plunge into darkness . back to spartan spartan quietly speak into the lapd button mike on he lapel . spartan how ' bout some light , guy ? half a beat later , blind white light blow through the window . ext . fortress - from above - night the blimp cast down a wall of light . 32 million candlepower pour straight down . int . fortress - MAIN build - second floor - night a wild melange of white , white light and dark , dark shadow . the gas fume ripple , refract in the air . light bounce off the pool of gasoline . spartan roll into the room . both gun come up . spartan Simon Phoenix . you be under arrest . ( then ) where be the muni passenger ? phoenix fuck you , spartan . they be go . I tell the city no one come down here anymore . cop figure it out , postmen figure it out . damn bus driver would not listen . arrest I ? you have get no jurisdiction here . you be in my kingdom now . fifty block in every direction . and it 's mine . spartan ( simply ) it 's over . phoenix it 's over ?! ( know it 's true ) yeah . it 's over . but I have be king once , and I be not ever go back to jail . spartan keep the gun train on Phoenix . Simon scratch he arm . it 's a junkie 's twitch . or be it ... spartan can not see it , but there 's a kitchen match tuck behind Simon 's ear . Phoenix reach up to scratch another itch . frees the match in one gesture , strike it and toss it into the pool of gas . smile . a friendly happy smile . the room burst into flame . he throw back he head and laugh . spartan dive on he . tries to hurl they both through the window . but Phoenix be either stronger or just far crazier and drugge up . smash the two of they into the wall instead . they trade blow . the building get worse . ammo start to explode downstairs . ext . fortress - MAIN yard - night a giant lapd wrecker with a cow catcher front blast through the main gate . lapd Humvees follow . a young cop ( zachary lamb ) get out , look at the main building , shake he head in amusement at the destruction -- lamb it 's spartan again ... int . fortress - MAIN build - second floor - night the battle continue . the two trading blow for blow in this fiery arena . the two man be practically on fire . finally spartan knock Phoenix cold , a clean shot straight in the face . Phoenix drop in a heap to the floor . spartan shake he head , sigh , bend down to retrieve he prisoner and ... int . / ext . fortress - MAIN build - night the build explode . Long and loud and high and mighty . overhead Pov the fireball rocket by the blimp . int . blimp - pod - night the pilot with mouth agape as the fireball crash by . ext . fortress - MAIN yard - night the earth rumble . that who be not throw to the ground dive for cover . the secondary explosion kick in . everything that do not blow straight up in the air blow out what remain of the side of the building . nothing 's leave stand . ext . fortress - MAIN yard - night ( aftermath ) the dust begin to settle . flaming wreckage and ember be still drop from five hundred foot up . a beat . a beam shift in the wreckage . it 's a big beam . it move aside . spartan emerge drag he prisoner out behind he . as he 's be drag along , Phoenix come to . spartan hand he off to another officer to be book . Captain steve healy , spartan 's long - suffer captain and friend , come out of the crowd of officer . healy what 's the matter with you ? that 's why nobody ever invite you over . spartan I hate small talk . you send I to do a job , I do it . it be not even I who blow everything up this time . healy yeah . sure . healy continue to shake he head in consternation . no way he believe that ... spartan ignore he . wipe the soot from he face . shake he head in disgust , walk away ... the tactical Fire response vehicle have arrive . fully - armored firemen wear bulletproof gear fight the blaze . spartan continue to stride away . and then everything fuck up . one of the tfr officer in the wreckage call out -- tfr officer Captain . Captain ! ( shocked ) there 's a lot of body in here . spartan stop dead . he look sick . healy 's not thrilled , but he know what 's require of he -- healy ( to spartan ) you have the right to remain silent . smash CUT to : int . cryo prison - stark white corridor - day spartan in stark white overall . a beautiful , shake woman hold the hand of a small child . about six . spartan bend down to the little girl . unclench he fist . his lapd badge inside . pin it on the little girl , katie . spartan I be go to be back . I will still be you dad . I promise . she hold the badge , nod solemnly . spartan kiss she on the cheek . katie spartan I love you , daddy . she 's young enough that it 's unclear whether she understand that she father be go away for good . spartan choke back a sob . stands back up . kiss he wife . everything that can be say , have be say . they kiss again . behind he , in front of two lock door , be a pair of prison guard in odd , heavily - insulate uniform . tank , heater battery , gun . spartan head towards the far door . they follow . spartan step through the door , the guard now at either elbow . and into -- int . cryo prison - MAIN room - day the cryopenitentiary be a godel -esque nightmare of architecturally - perverse layer and level , the guggenheim mix with industrial meat locker . all still half under construction . spartan be lead along the middle ring to where a doctor , two white - coat technician and a young - look warden smither be wait . above he prisoner be encase into the ground in massive glass hockey puck , contract into pain fetal position . they face be hauntingly twisted into gargoyle expression of torture struggle . the group arrive at a empty chamber . the technician nod to spartan . he drop off the white overall . step free . stands naked . Doctor inject he with luminescent blue fluid . the techy slap on sensor pad . head , heart , all over ... spray he down with freon . mist everywhere ... we see the temperature drop on the monitor . the warden look at a crib sheet . clear he throat . smither John spartan . you have do great deed for the city of Los Angeles , so it be with some regret that I hereby ... spartan skip it ... spartan shiver , contemplate one of he stiffening hand . smither John spartan . you have be sentence to 70 year in the California cryopenitentiary for the involuntary manslaughter of thirty ... spartan skip it ... spartan be beginning to shake from the cold . his lip turn blue before we eye . Color just drain away . smither I be sorry , John . ( then ; a smile ) do not catch cold . spartan fuh ... fuf ... funny . the technician attempt to help spartan into the chamber . he shake they off to stagger down on he own . let 's not kid ourselves , he 's scared -- spartan see ya next century ... title begin as ... the case door be close over he . monitor down the lining of the circular chamber show a digital rap sheet , a drop thermometer , a parole date , and today 's date : November 20 , 1998 . a super-chilled clear goo flow in , pack and preserve isolate michelangeloesque segment of the defiant statue that be John spartan . but he 's still conscious . still even struggle a bit . on the arm above the chamber , inside a vacuum bell a small vial be auto unscrewe . locked and safety light cycle . we see a tiny white chip inside . the vial be move into place by a tiny robot arm . bottom vent be open . the chip be dumped into the chamber . it 's the opposite of watch ice shatter . instead , the whole hockey puck go solid in a instant and a half . the thermo read - out drop in a instant to a half degree above 0 degree kelvin . it 's do . the viewer make a gently dizzying journey around the chamber , settling for a moment on spartan 's contort - into-a-defiant - sneer face . int . cryo prison - MAIN room - day ( 2042 ) the viewer' viewpoint keep pulling out to see that the date on spartan 's monitor now read August 3 , 2042 . warden smither , now a bespectacle , gray-haire old man , in a peculiar uniform , shuffles past the completely unage spartan . he grumble by in a phone headset equip with fiberoptic video gear , and out of frame we see that the prison have become vaster , stranger , with multiple grate catwalk and more network of artfully - engineered piping . and heavily , heavily stock with prisoner ... smither look up at he holoset . hover in front of he in the air be lenina huxley . huxley ( image ) mellow greeting , warden John J. smither . smither ( this again ) yeah . be well . Lieutenant lenina huxley . ext . san angele - street - day ( 2042 ) a 2042 police car glide into frame . we move with it as it pass by a series of austere geometric building . Green , green glass . Blue , blue sky . cleaner than disneyland . the future be perfect . more emissionless car glide silently by . huxley ( v.o. ) as it be a beautiful Monday morning , and as my duty log irrationally require it ... int . lenina's police car - moving - day behind the wheel , the mischievously - beautiful lenina huxley . a head up display announce she be call warden John J. smither . the order of business be " prison population informative query . " and future or not , lenina fuss with she hair . with both hand . the steering wheel be not present at all . huxley I be hereby querying you on the prison population update . ( hopefully ) do the tedium continue ? on head up display warden smither gently remind she that --- smither ( image ) incontrovertibly and unequivocally , yes . the prisoner be ice cube . they do not move . they have no thought , they have no feeling ... the tedium be permanent , Lieutenant . int . cryo - prison - MAIN room - mid level - day smither be stride along , the conversation project in the air in front of he from the holo set he 's wear . huxley ( image ) I find this lack of stimulus truly disappoint ... do not you think ? int . lenina's police car - day smither peer at she almost suspiciously . smither ( image ) I try not to . however , you be young , think all you want . thing do not happen anymore , we have take care of all that . I will fiber - op you back after the morning non - parole hearing . have a peachy day , Lieutenant . be well ... the warden 's image poof . int . cryo - prison - MAIN room - day tugging off he headset , warden smither clack to a checkpoint wall at the end of the grate . smither put the back of he hand on a screen in the wall . female computer ( v.o. ) code accept . retina confirm . smither lean into a peephole . inside peephole a harmless red laser flicker over a extreme closeup of the warden 's eye . int . cryo - prison - conference area - day the wall slide open and smither enter into a ceiling - less space beneath the awesome tier of cryo-cells . female computer ( v.o. ) thank you and be well , warden William smither . smither grumble past a barely conscious cryo-prisoner , who be strapped atop a sleek , thin , and uncomfortable " wheelchair . " two Guards flank the hunch over and drip convict as smither plop behind a industrial chic table and flick on he compuclipboard . smither twenty -nine year ago , the parole system , as you know it , be render obsolete . Federal statute 537 - 29 require we go through the formality of a hearing for all prisoner incarnate before the repeal of the parole law . Cocteau Behavioral Engineering , b.e. will continue rehabilitation by alter you behavior through synaptic suggestion during cryogenic sleep . nightie night . you hearing be now over . you be to be return to you cryo - cell immediately ... ' Mr. Horace Bateman . ' do you understand what I have say ... eye half open , the cryo-prisoner unsuccessfully grope for a syllable . smither Guards , nod he head for he ... ( yawn ) ne-xt . as the pathetic cryo-prisoner be wheeled off , the warden 's voice echoes electronically from --- int . cryo - prison - defrost chamber - day -- a steel intercom box on the wall . two Med tech load a still unconscious prisoner into another wheelchair . we do not see he . just a hint of a well muscle black arm and a head still lolling unconscious on a shoulder , with blond hair ... int . lenina's police car - moving - day huxley finish primp . Hit a button . the dash unfold , a steering wheel emerge , lock into place . lenina call out as she activate she badge . huxley huxley , lenina . code on . a serenely annoying voice answer she car computer ( v.o. ) no police presence be request in the city at this time . report to the station . good morning , Officer huxley . huxley ( groan ) ahhh ... car computer ( v.o. ) I detect a promote level of stress in you tone . would you like I to prescribe a foodaceutical to ... huxley no ! what be you , my mother ? ( then ; calmer ) no . no , thank you though . she roll she eye . wait to see if it 's go to scold she again . after let she sweat it out , the car do not --- huxley all right , I will be report in ... ext . another san angele STREET - day huxley 's police car glide by . a beat . in front of one perfect building be a small object the size and shape of a coffee can . as we push in to it , we find , it 's ticking . we can see the escape wheel ratchete back and forth . it 's very crude , very 1920 's clockwork . four ink- fill quadrant on a wheel inside . the yellow quadrant rotate into position . a small sharp explosion . like a ink jet , the yellow ink be flung through a nozzle against the wall in a 8 x 20 foot swath . the red ratchet and fire , the blue as well . now we can see the graffiti bomb have screen a message on the wall -- " life be Hell . " the black explode . Little death 's head be sprinkle around the message . the ink jet machine blows itself up . pedestrian gather and stare at the message . mouth open , dumbstruck . two shock pole emerge from hide panel in the side of the building . a sheet of lightning flash between they . the message turn to ash and fall to the ground . the pole tuck back into they box . a small rabbit - size vacuum sweeper emerge , zing along on its own power and suck up the ash . ext . a different san angele STREET - day near the chaos , we discover this whole thing 's be a diversion . up from a manhole come a strange - look pipe . a crude periscope . periscope Pov watch as a food delivery truck pull up to a load dock . food pallet be unload . payne ( o.s. ) all right , that 's it . ( beat ) twelve hour there will be another ... int . sewer tunnel - day thomas payne , a young wild - haire madman in some kind of ancient mechanic coverall watch through the periscope . payne ... this asshole be nothing if not predictable . two other equally disreputable type be with he . scrap , leftover from the perfect world above . scrap # 1 ( worried ) we be not ready . payne hey guy , it do not really matter if we be ready or not anymore . Payne 's get thing to do , people to see . take off down the tunnel . the other two follow . as the periscope duck back down --- int . police station - MAIN area - day a pair of frost door read S.A. and p.d. slide open to the presence of lenina huxley . she enter into a police station not of typically bustling pandemonium , but shocking , softly light tranquility . multi-ethnic officer of all shape and size murmur about , monitoring screen with the casualness of the staff at a new age bookstore . no rush , no worry ... lenina stride past a impossible perky dispatcher chirp into a high tech headset . perky dispatcher greeting and salutation , welcome to the emergency line of the San Angeles Police Department . how be you ? a tough look cop , sip a vibrant green juice , sidle up to lenina . they exchange a non-touch " handshake " that have they each make a circle with they open palm . huxley let I guess , all be serene . tough cop ( with true shock ) there be a defacement of public building . wall smudge . huxley ( shocked as well ) really ? brutal . why be not a all car notify ? she 's cut off by she by - the-book superior , chief GEORGE earle . chief earle because there be no need to create widespread panic . ( then ) Lieutenant huxley , I monitor you dishearten and distress comment to the warden this morning . do you actually long for chaos and disharmony ? you fascination with the vulgar twentieth century seem to be affect you better judgement . you realize you be set a bad example for other officer and swear personnel ... huxley thank you for the attitude readjustment , Chief earle . info assimilate . lenina turn and walk through she open office door , make a face out of sight and --- int . lenina's office - day -- curse almost silently under she breath as she enter ... huxley sanctimonious asshole . a morality BOX on the wall pick it up . morality BOX ( v.o. ) lenina huxley , you be fine one half credit for a sotto voce violation of the verbal morality statute . letter appear on the face of what appear to be a block of solid marble . a thin sheaf of paper slide off the front with the reprimand . the contrast between everything we have see so far and she office be staggering . her quarter be fill with frame and fade nostalgia piece of the 20th century . poster of violent movie , book , magazine cover , ad sign , artwork and frame newspaper , all of a dark nature . a hopelessly sweet officer , alfredo garcia , sit in the middle of the room shaking he head ... garcia whew ... that be tense . lenina give he a deadpan glare : huxley that be tense ?? tell I something , Garcia , do not you get bored codetrace perp who break curfew and tell dirty joke ? garcia actually , I find my job deeply fulfil . ( look around ) I just cannot swallow the reality of this office , lenina huxley . you be still addict to the 20th century high from its harshness , buzze by its brutality . Holy smoke , be there anything in here which do not violate contraband ordinance 22 ? huxley ( a sweet smile ) just you , alfredo Garcia . do not you ever want something to happen ? garcia goodness . no . huxley I know you be go to say that . ( sigh ) what I would not give for some action . int . cryo - prison - conference area - day Simon Phoenix be still fight to shake off he defrost confusion . lock eye with the warden . the look he give smither be chill . smither Mr. Phoenix , one of we first and most illustrious member . let 's get this one over quick ... smither be unsettle . Phoenix be far more awake than the norm . smither twenty -nine year ago , the parole system ... phoenix ( echoic ; no logic yet ) twenty - nine year ago , the parole system ... smither ( firmer ) ... be render obsolete . phoenix ( also firmer ) ... be render obsolete . smither ( sigh ) do you have something to say in you behalf , Mr. Simon ? ( beat ) I think not . phoenix ( bemuse ) yeah . yeah , I do . ( it puzzle he , but ... ) teddy bear . with a loud buzz , the electronic manacle around Phoenix 's arm and foot fly open . Phoenix know a good thing when he see it . immediately panther up for a savage kick into Guard one , double he over . Phoenix tear from Guard one 's holster a air-injection syringe that be fill with the luminescent blue liquid . he fire the syringe right into a charge Guard two 's forehead . turn and approach slowly and menacingly at Guard one . guard # 1 ( just able to breathe again ) how do you know the password to the cuff ? phoenix ( laugh with pleasure ; who care ) I have no idea ... ( then ) Simon say , too much talk from you . Phoenix smashes Guard one in the neck . Left hand . crushes he larynx . the Guard fall die to the ground . smither crawl over he table , break for the door . Phoenix effortlessly latch out to he flee neck and pull he face - to- face as the Guards behind they shiver into rigidity . grin at he . pluck a sharp pen from the warden 's pocket . view from peephole the harmless red laser again flicker across warden smither 's now bulg eyeball . int . cryo - prison - day the conference area wall slide open , revealing Simon Phoenix , elegantly hold the warden 's detach eyeball . female computer ( v.o. ) access grant , warden William smither . Phoenix flick the eye away and strut forward . the wall shut . female computer ( v.o. ) thank you . and be well . Phoenix glance at the speaker . the future be fuck weird --- phoenix yeah ? you too . and he 's go ... int . police station - MAIN area - day a wall on the side of the station house suddenly become translucent . a map of San Angeles fill the wall . a small red dot blink in the middle . female computer ( v.o. ) ( serenely ; meaninglessly ) one eight seven . one eight seven . one eight seven ... she continue to drine on in the background as the scale of the map decrease over and over again zoom in on the cryo-prison . the blink red dot remain constant . the perky dispatcher punch 1 - 8 - 7 into a keyboard . examine the screen . faint dead away . Falls from she chair . the tough cop rush over . see the screen . he drop he juice . tough cop oh my , oh my , oh my ... he 's a basket case . Garcia and lenina come into the fray . garcia what 's a one eight seven ? lenina shrug . she have no idea . run to a nearby terminal . punch it up . huxley ( stunne ) murder -death -kill . punch another button . the map be replace with a image from the cryo-prison . two dead guard . warden smither crawl painfully toward the door . it 's a brutal image . computer ( v.o. ) I show two stop code at cryo-prison x23 - 1 . William smither , warden . severe injury . do you wish to assign a medic ? the warden stop crawl . collapse . computer ( v.o. ) update : specification decease . do you wish to assign a coroner ? Chief earle arrive manfully on the scene . no idea what 's up . chief earle what 's the matter with all of you ? tough cop cryo-prison , sir ... Three non - sanction life termination ... ( ready to cry ) murder - death - kill . Three mdk . earle sink into a chair . cop all over the station be in severe , gasp trauma . ext . cryo - prison - day half in a prisoner 's smock and half - dress in salvage part of the guard 's uniform , Simon Phoenix stroll outside the austere prison building , crossing a unimaginably perfect green lawn . before he , in a small parking area , a doctor , wear a white coat over " stylish " dud , open up he sharp user - friendly sportscar with the code on the back of he hand . phoenix Excuse I , Doctor ? doctor yes ... phoenix open you mouth and say ' ahhhh ! ' Simon 's have a good time . int . police station - MAIN area - day lenina streak past she zombie co-worker , cool under fire , to spin the main computer screen to she . huxley access the cryo-pen 's morning hearing schedule ... and then give I ... wait ... a list of name flash on the screen . lamb it 's Phoenix . Simon Phoenix ... a grizzle African - american veteran , zachary lamb , step behind lenina , cover traumatic memory with a stoic shudder . he point to Phoenix 's name on the hearing list . lamb I know he . we all know he . he 's evil like you have only read about , girl . he 's ... huxley hold that think , Zachary Lamb . ( to computer ) Simon Phoenix 's code . now . female computer ( v.o. ) there be no specification on file for Simon Phoenix . huxley l7 , you be not come down with another virus , be you ? what 's Phoenix 's code ! lamb you do not get it , lenina huxley . Phoenix be not code . he get chill back in the 20th , before they start lojack everybody ... I be a rookie then ... he be a big dealer . narcotics . Software . wetware . anything . declare he own kingdom in South Central L.A. m.d.k. would whatever get in he way . in a bad time , he be the worst . Garcia have punch up a camera view of a prone body in the parking area . female computer ( v.o. ) one stop code in penitentiary parking area . John mostow , doctor . the perky dispatcher have come to . begins to sob and then to wail . lenina can not concentrate . give the dispatcher 's roll chair a firm push , send she drift away across the station . huxley tell I , l7 ... ( dramatic pause ) be the doctor 's conveyance still in the parking zone ? female computer ( v.o. ) Doctor 's vehicle have be code - fix at the corner of Hollywood and vine . huxley glorious . chief earle ( recover ; back on he foot and take command ) Fine work . all nearby unit . protecserve Hollywood and vine . the adrenaline in the control room surge . tear be be wipe away . justice be near . ext . hollywood and vine - day Phoenix twist out of the doc 's car onto a completely unfamiliar Hollywood and vine . the rotate and speak STREET sign may say so , but nothing else be recognizable . brutal - killer be briefly confuse - child , as Phoenix tentatively soak in he surroundings . a troubled - looking guy in he twenty stand before a compukiosk . half phone booth , money machine , half computer terminal ... troubled - looking guy I dunno ... lately I just do not feel like there 's anything special about I ... male computer ( v.o. ) you be a incredibly sensitive man , who inspire Joy - Joy feeling in all that around you ... Phoenix savagely push the Troubled guy away . the kiosk be a open booth with a row of large button , a monitor , and a keyboard . Phoenix curiously examine the row of button : ego boost , citizen confessional , Public psychiatrist , atlas , serenity say , bank , mail , telephone directory ... he 's gotta know . pushes the ego boost . half a beat , then -- male computer ( v.o. ) ( just hearty as hell ) you look great today . Simon grin . phoenix thanks , feel great , too ... the future just amuse the hell out of Simon . Phoenix slam down the information button . he drop he hand onto the keyboard and he finger fly . his grin grow wider and wider . his finger stop and -- mail computer ( v.o. ) you have reach secure mailbox facility for ... Simon Phoenix . information flash by . Thomas Payne 's picture , rotate , life history scrolling by , map , route , over - head and underground plan of the city . Phoenix take it all in . Light speed . no problem . his finger fly again . the screen finally end with a image of a pis - tol . rotating , explode view , metalurgy information . Phoenix exhales a confuse grin . phoenix ( dry ) wonder if I can play the accordion now too ... male computer ( v.o. ) noun : gun. portable firearm . this device be widely utilize in the urban war of the late 20th century . referred to as a gun , a pistol , a piece ... phoenix I do not want a history lesson , hal ! where be the fuck gun ?! a morality BOX attach to the kiosk buzy . morality BOX ( v.o. ) you be fine one credit for violation of the verbal morality statute . a thin sheaf of paper slide off the front with the reprimand . phoenix yeah ? well fuck you twice . the BOX buzy twice to he leave . two more sheet of paper appear . morality BOX ( v.o. ) you repeat violation of the verbal morality statute have cause I to notify the San Angeles Police Department . please remain here for you reprimand . Phoenix be ready to punch in the screen when two s.a.p.d. patrol car pull to a dramatic halt behind he . phoenix oooh , fucker be fast , too . Simon beat the morality box to it . buzy at it first . grin . four cop get out . unsheathe electronic stun baton . they switch on . Blue phosphor glow ... int . police station - MAIN area - day lenina and the other cop stand in front of the wall monitor . it show a angle of the scene from a building corner mount camera turret . the image pan over and lock onto Phoenix as he stand at the information kiosk . the police can be see move in . the cop in the squad room begin cheer . garcia chalk one up for the benevolent one . ext . hollywood and vine - day another squad car pull up behind . two more cop emerge . Phoenix look casually at the six of they . the police move forward , blue spark now spitting from they electrify baton . the squad leader glance down to a hand -held Strategic apprehension Computer . squad leader maniac be imminent . request advice . strategic apprehension computer ( v.o. ) with a firm tone of voice , demand maniac lie down with hand behind back . squad leader Simon Phoenix , lie down and put you hand behind you back . Phoenix let off a laugh . phoenix geez gosh . six of you . in such tidy uniform . I be so scared . the cop look puzzle . phoenix do not they have irony anymore ? Phoenix turn back to the terminal . his finger fly . under which -- squad leader ( hurt ) maniac scoff at we . s.a.c . ( v.o. ) approach , and in a even firmer tone of voice ... Phoenix finish a final keystroke . the graffiti remov - ing shock pole burst from the building beside they . fire . electrocute and cook one of the cop . int . police station - MAIN area - day the cop be stunne . ext . hollywood and vine - day the nearest cop approach with they stun baton . Simon kill they both . it do not take long . he break a neck , he spearhands a sternum , drive a jawbone into a skull . it 's all very graceful . death ballet . phoenix sarcasm ? ( turn to two terrify cop ) will you be stay to die , or run away in fear ? they turn and run away . Simon leap over the squad car . now he 's in front of they . they freeze . phoenix ahhh , I do not say run away would help . catch up with the two of they . kill they both . effortlessly . just for variety use a different style of martial art this time . two more be leave . they be freeze . Deer in the headlight . phoenix Simon say scream . int . police station - MAIN area - day the cop watch in horror as the last two go down . ext . hollywood and vine - day Simon spot the securitycam . come towards it with a leer . int . police station - MAIN area - day despite the electronic distance , cop recoil in fear . ext . hollywood and vine - day Simon rip the cover plate from the camera stanchion . yank out the transmission cable . look directly into the camera . he 's have a very good time . int . police station - MAIN area - day on the giant monitor Simon glare at they phoenix ( v.o. ) everybody stand ! half the cop in confusion and fear do . ext . hollywood and vine - day Simon look straight at the camera . phoenix ( sing ) ... and the home of the ... ( hold the note for all it 's worth ) ... brave . jam the spark wand in the main transmission cable . sign off . int . police station - MAIN area - day every monitor in the station blow to static . huxley 's finger fly . huxley we have lose every camera for six block around . ( think fast ) go to cahuenga at twelve hundred millimeter . on the big screen -- cahuenga Security cam Pov . when the zoom start , we can not even see Simon , when it end , we can see he highly compress by one of the squad car . under the hood . jam the stun baton around . garcia he 's go for the vehicle battery core . its capacitance gel . tough cop why 's he do that ? Simon find what he 's look for . he back off . the car explode . smoke everywhere . it clear . no Simon . Dead silence in the station . the car still burn silently on the giant screen . lenina punch it off . ext . cocteau complex - day a tall , silver needle rise from a plaza complex . int . cocteau complex - conference room - day dr . raymond cocteau lecture at the end of a conference table . we do not see who he 's talk to . he have that weird serenity of the obscenely - wealthy or a President - elect-far-life . cocteau the problem be not the defacement of public building . ( turn to someone else ) the problem be not the noise pollution of the explode device . ( turn to yet another ) the problem be that this hooligan who have leave the comfort of we society feel a need to spew hostility at the bosom they have relinquished . we reverse to see , instead of chair with people in they , the table be surround by HDTV video monitor on swiveling mount . each screen have the face of a San Angeles department head and he / she sphere of responsi - bility : publicwork , orderly conduct , Public dietary concern , litter ... twelve swiveling video head , all watch and listen . publicworks ( image ) yes , indeed . the other video head turn and nod in agreement . cocteau and mar they may , this halfdozen miscreant infect the public consciousness with they bile and venom . and while I be sadden , truly sadden , they have leave , we cannot allow they to impair the harmony of San Angeles . they be but vandal and visigoth . ( then ) forty -four year ago when Los Angeles explode in violence anger , violence hatred and violence fear , a disease have erupt ... a disease not socio-economic , but behavioral . people have simply forget how to behave ... we can not allow it again . that time , politics , law , even force be useless to affect change ... we have triumph over all of that . the same principle of b.e. , Behavioral Engineering , I have apply to cryo-prison be expand into the design and execution of what we now call ... ( gesture proudly ) San Angeles , a city as fine as any one of the hold facility I have design . we have a peaceful safe , and above all , happyhappy population . the videohead nod and mutter they approval . cocteau even now I be positioning action , postulate proceedings . I expect you trust confidence and certitude . litter ( image ) as always Mayor / gov Raymond Cocteau . Cocteau 's assistant , associate bob , come in the room . give Cocteau a significant look . cocteau ( to the videohead ) if you will excuse I . he wave dismissively at the monitor . the SOUND mute . the video freeze . Bob be a large man with a oddly high - pitch voice and a strangely - officious manner . associate bob Mayor / gov Raymond Cocteau , a cryocon have effect self - release from the penitentiary . ( shake ) it be quite horrific . murder - death - kill . all category of chaos ... Bob shudder . cocteau enhance you calm ... enhance you calm . Cocteau gesture to the freeze video head . cocteau be well they for I . get Captain earle on the holo . CUT to : int . police station - MAIN room - day earle nod and shudder in front of the shimmer image of Raymond Cocteau . he 's really shook . earle it be just ... I mean it be so ... int . cocteau complex - conference room - day earle 's image appear on all the videohead . cocteau I want you to do everything in you power to get this madman . Cocteau click off the holo . roll he eye . as if the cop have a chance against Phoenix ... int . police station - MAIN room - day earle nod . he have no idea what that might entail . he look really ill . earle be well . silence reign . no one know what to say . lenina have she head in she hand in shock . earle ( aghast ) he m.d.k. 'ed everyone in a six man squad . with a Strategic apprehension Computer . destroy a official government vehicle . ' everything in we power , ' what else be there ? nobody have a clue what to do . lenina look up . a idea form -- huxley Zachary Lamb . how do they apprehend this fiendish Simon Phoenix back in the 20th ? lamb twelve -state manhunt ... Satellite surveillance ... a video-bite on ' unsolved Mystery ' ... none of it work . in the end , it take one man . one cop . John spartan . lenina look at he with a pleased and spooky smile . int . police station - lenina's office - day Garcia , earle , and Lamb be huddle before lenina 's console . on screen shot after shot of spartan emerge from the wreckage of destroy building drag he prisoner behind he . everytime : wreckage , spartan , prisoner . wreckage , spartan , prisoner . garcia be you sure this be real life ? huxley barely . spartan 's a legend . I do a historical study on he last year , which I guess none of you swallow . one thousand arrest in three year . all real criminal . lamb there be a lot more business back then . more wreckage this time spartan be march away from a flame , over - turn police car , carry a young girl . a tv camera crew scramble up . female reporter ( image ) how do you reconcile the fact you destroy a three million dollar mini-mall to rescue a girl whose ransom be only 10,000 ... little girl ( image ) fuck you , lady ! spartan ( image ) good answer . lenina smile at the screen -- earle this be a recommendation ? you ' demolition man 's ' a animal , a muscle - bound grotesque who ... huxley he be clearly the man for such a job as this . you could reinstate he . he have not wear a shield in over forty year . or much else , for that matter . garcia he must be seventy year old by now . a smile slowly unfold on she face . Lamb know where she 's go as we ... CUT to : int . cryo - prison - MAIN room - day on a status panel : cellular activity : null . tempera - ture : .5 degree K. light begin to cycle . a servo whine . the camera move to the chamber as the autolock begin to unwind . unlock . the arm move aside . the freeze puck rise from its chamber . spartan have not move , blink in 40 year . two tech in insulate suit and glove stand on either side . both wear tiny flip - up welding goggle . the first , take out a durameter . test the puck . harder than steel , a little less than a diamond . tech # 2 , hold a handheld magnesium thermite laser . about the size of a skill see . for the first time we notice there be six small raise half dome on top of the puck . indice . drop the guide ring at the end of the mtl over a index . flip down he goggle . fire the mtl . the entire puck light up white white . we almost get the feel spartan can sense what 's go on . a burst of energy melt a small hole in side of puck . we stay on spartan . wide again tech # 1 drive over a crane with a six - claw arm . like a stand forklift . or a gladiator ... the finger drop into the laser cut hole . they raise the puck . carry it away . int . cryo - prison - defrost chamber - day the puck sit on a stainless steel podium . completely alone in a round stainless steel room . Three mtl laser begin to pulsate madly . one from above cut in , spiraling in towards spartan . the other top and bottom shave a eighth of a inch in a tenth of a second with each pass . the puck shrink away , the beam grow closer and closer to spartan . just before they would hit he , the beam turn blue . steam burst from the puck . fill the air . obscure everything . the laser stop . darkness . the entire chamber split open . a room within a room . spartan roll over limp and supple collapse , onto he back . Med tech rush in . int . cryo - prison - conference area - day lenina , Garcia , and earle be stand at one end of a long table . gaping . spartan sit slump at the other end of the table . draped in a grey industrial jumpsuit . still half comatose . earle be shaking he head . he can not believe he agree to this . huxley this be within the power of the police charter , sir . he can be release on limited parole and reinstate to active duty . garcia it 's not enough to collect the 90' . you have to bring they back to life ... huxley Cocteau say everything in we power . I still can not think of a better idea . earle that still do not mean it 's a good one . they all watch warily . spartan come to with a start . look up at they . look around quickly for any immediate threat . see none . tries to stand . can not yet . spartan ( point at Garcia , the nearest ; rasp ) you ... a gulp Garcia creep to spartan . spartan claw out , rip Garcia down to rasp ... spartan where be I ? garcia uh , I , uh ... spartan push Garcia away . spartan when be I ? garcia uh , it 's Thursday . tomorrow 's arbor day . ( beat ) and last week you turn eighty - four year old . happy birthday . huxley come over . clear and concisely ... huxley detective , I be Lieutenant huxley . the year be 2042 . now the reason you have be release ... spartan ( shaking it off ) how long have I be under ? huxley forty -four year . whoa ... spartan ( try to focus ) I have a wife ... what happen to my wife ? huxley you wife 's light be extinguish in the Big one of 2010 . ( off he confuse look ) uh , she die . in a earthquake . the earthquake . this take a moment to sink in . then , defrost , haltingly ... spartan my wife and I , we have a girl . a daughter . I make a promise . what ... earle John spartan , I be Chief of Police George earle . we do not thaw you for a family reunion . it be fortunate the lieutenant even do a probe on you wife . this be about you and a Mr. Phoenix . a Mr. Simon Phoenix . spartan ( fully awake ) what ? huxley step in . huxley this morning Phoenix escape from this cryo facility . we have have nine murder death kill so far . we have become a society of peace , loving and understanding . and we be , quite frankly , not equip to deal with this situation . he look at she like she 's nut . garcia there have be no death of unnatural cause in San Angeles in the last sixteen year . spartan where ??? huxley the Santa Barbara , Los Angeles , San Diego metroplex merge in 2011 . you be in the center of what use to be Los Angeles . he get up . he 's way stiff . spartan great . just great . ( then ) God , I be so hungry . I would kill for a burrito . they back off in fear . spartan it 's just a expression . spartan creak he head toward Garcia , spook he back away . spartan vigorously scratch he hand as he speak . spartan just get I some marlboros . garcia of course . right away . what be ... spartan a cigarette . ( relinquish he brand loyalty ) just get I any cigarette . huxley cigarettes be not good for you and it have be deem that everything that be not good for you be bad . hence ... illegal . alcohol , caffeine , contact sport , meat ... spartan be you shittin ' I ? morality BOX ( v.o. ) John spartan , you be fine one credit for a violation of verbal morality statute 113 . spartan look at it in amazement . spartan what the fuck be that ? morality BOX ( v.o. ) John spartan , you be fine one credit for a violation of ... huxley ( as I be say ) bad language , chocolate , gasoline , uneducational toy , and anything spicy . abortion 's also illegal , but then again so 's pregnancy if you do not have a license . earle caveman , let we finish all the rip Van winkle and get move . a Mr. Phoenix have rise from the ash . spartan uh-uh . I track that dirtbag for two year , and when I finally bring he down , they turn I into a ice cube for my trouble . thanks , but no thanks . earle the condition of you parole be full reinstatement into the s.a.p.d. and immediate assignment to the apprehension of Simon Phoenix , or you can go back into cryo-stasis . ( then ; more softly ) not many people get a second chance , John spartan . spartan remember . the freezer be bad , way bad . he swallow hard and -- ext . cryo - prison - day huxley and Garcia be wait by the police car out front . half a beat , John spartan , now completely do up in a 2042 cop uniform come out . he feel like a buffoon . spartan what be I suppose to be , a drum major ? this be not a cop uniform . be I gonna lead the Rose bowl parade ? what be all this stuff ? huxley direct biolink readout for vital , vox radio connect , base and inter officer code by rank , partner status and case priority . and that 's the pocket for you whistle . spartan ( God save I ) great , in case one of the float get loose I can direct traffic . ext . another san angele CITY STREET / int . police car - day spartan be stuff into the back seat of lenina 's police car . absently scratch the back of he hand , spartan stare out he window in amazement at the shiny , happy people in the happy shiny city . meanwhile , lenina and Garcia be stare through a rearview screen at spartan with equal amazement . garcia this all probably seem quasi - strange to you . spartan quasi-strange ? this be not my city . how do you expect I to protect it ? I do not get you people , let alone like you much ... huxley you come from a society in which the average l8 - year - old have witness 200,000 act of simulate violence . in we society the number be closer to four . if someone off the street be to watch the Three stooge Men and see the moe-person hammer the curly -person , they would weep , John spartan , weep . spartan look at she . what be that ? huxley myself , I be a bit of a afficanado of the shocking , real and fiction . in fact , I peruse many a News disk of you . that time you wow - fully tractor- pull the Santa monica pier into a heap of rubble in order to snare that team of hit man who ... she trail off , as she see spartan stare out the window shaking he head , very much alienate from every - thing around he . huxley you seem very much alone , John spartan . not everything be that different . perhaps you would like to hear the oldy station . ' oldy . ' the radio quickly turn on and change station to : radio ( v.o. ) ' sometimes you feel like a nut , sometimes you do not . almond Joy 's get nut , mound do not . because sometimes you feel like a nut , sometimes you do not . ' garcia the most popular station in town . nonstop wall - to- wall minitune . you call they commercial . wow , this be my fave ... radio ( v.o. ) ' fat kid , skinny kid , kid who climb on rock . tough kid , sissy kid . ' lenina and Garcia join in for a sing - a- long finish as spartan turn back to the window , eye bulg . he go back to scratch he hand . huxley / garcia ( sing ) even kid with chicken pox love hot dog , armour hot dog . the dog ... kid ... love ... to bite . spartan somebody put I back in the fridge . int . police station - MAIN area - day emotion be still a little fray at the station , but a certain peace have return . lenina approach the tough - look cop . they again exchange nontouch circular hand spin . huxley New inforama on Simon Phoenix ? tough cop none ... so where be John spartan ? garcia he go to the bathroom ... I guess he get all thaw out . spartan trudge through a spook gantlet of 2042 officer . the tough cop greet he , raise he hand . tough cop Sir , I formally convey my presence . spartan hi . spartan reach out and shake the tough cop 's hand . it 's like he spit on he . the tough cop try not to react , but he 's clearly disgust . huxley we be not use to physical contact greeting . spartan oh ... hey , you guy be out of toilet paper ... garcia toilet paper ? huxley ( suppress giggle ) they use handfuls of wad paper , back in the 20th . the entire station roar with laughter . spartan stand unamuse . spartan I be happy you be happy but in the place where you be suppose to have toilet paper , you have a little shelf with three seashell on it . perky dispatcher ( hysterical ) he do not know how to use the three seashell ! the station roar again . spartan shake he head and scratch he hand . suddenly , the elderly Lamb come into view . spartan 's mouth fall open . spartan Zach Lamb , what happen to you ?! lamb I get old . it happen . spartan ( stop , smile ) motherfuck . you be a snotnose punkass rook ! look at you . you be fuck old ! the nearest morality box dutifully buzy . morality BOX ( v.o. ) John spartan , you be fine three credit for a violation ... Three sheet of paper come off . spartan look at it . grin . walk over to the machine -- spartan shit , fuck , piss , crap , damn , bitch , bitch , damn . fuck . a whole sheaf of paper peel off . spartan gather it up . it wad nicely . spartan so much for the three seashell . I will be right back . int . police station - lenina's office - day spartan examine all the technoWonder as lenina punch up a illustration on the screen : a small , square micro - chip be surgically insert into the top of a hand . it 's tie into the vein and blood supply as well . huxley Simon Phoenix be not code . a organically bioengineered microchip be develop that could by sewn into the skin . sensor all around the city can zero in on anyone at any time . tough cop I can not even conceive a visual of what you cop do before it be develop ... spartan we work for a live . this fascist crap make I wanna puke . earle what do you think you be scratch , caveman ? you really surmise we would let you out without control ? you code be implant the second you thaw . spartan seethingly contemplate he itching hand . spartan why do not you just shove a leash up my ass ?! earle dirty meat-eater ! no matter how Viking you era be , I cannot digest how you ever wear a badge ! you be go back , John spartan , oh yes , you be go back . huxley could you two please dump some hormone ? we need every cortex we can get in this situation . earle we do not need he . we computer have already examine all feasible scenario result from the appearance of Simon Phoenix and determine he will attempt to start up a new drug lab and form a crime syndicate . female computer ( v.o. ) that be correct , Chief George earle . spartan I hate to interrupt you two lovebird , but that 's fuck stupid . you think he want to build a business ? Phoenix be go for a gun . plain and simple . as spartan rage , roam around the station , morality box have heart attack keep up with he offense . spartan Phoenix be a complete meglomaniacal fuck psychopath . and the first thing Simon be go to want to do be wipe the smug smile off you shiny face . he could just handshake you ass to death , but who 's get the goddamn patience . trust I , he 's go for a gun . earle who care what this primate think . resonate some understanding . the only place a person can even view a gun in this city , be at a ... museum ! int . san angele museum of art and history - MAIN hall - day the museum be locate in the Cocteau complex . Phoenix wander through a hall array with display of various ' 80s / '90s /'00s /'10s artifact . a girl scout troop ( in modernly - modulate uniform ) look down as we realize that large section of the floor of the entire museum be transparent . below be a archeological exhibit of a section of the old city -- part of building and street . museum computer BOX ( v.o. ) if you care to sample what it be like to spend a day in Los Angeles in the twentieth century please press the button . one of the scout press a large red button . honking car , swearing in Spanish , gun shot , siren , rap music ... at the end of the hall , there 's a arrow to another exhibit : hall of violence . Phoenix grin . phoenix Home sweet home ... as he head down the hall -- ext . police station - day spartan , lenina , and Garcia stride towards huxley 's cruiser . spartan it 's a hunch . trust I on this . it 's a cop thing . ( as they get into the car ) I be drive . spartan get into the driver 's side . lenina get in the passenger . a beat . they both emerge . spartan you be drive . int . police station - MAIN area - day Chief earle sit before the vidphone . sweating . Cocteau 's scary serenity stare back at he . cocteau ( image ) enhance you calm , Chief . please , share you disquietude . earle Mayor / gov Cocteau , we find the branching possibility exist the escape cryocon , Mr. Simon Phoenix , may be on he way to the Museum of Art and History in you complex . cocteau ( image ) what permutation lead you to this curious conclusion ? do you expect he to be homesick ? Raymond quietly enjoy he own wit . earle no . no , sir . do you not still have the armory exhibit downstairs ? off Cocteau 's look of quiet surprise --- int . museum - armory room - day the exhibit begin with the crudest weapon , cavemen with club , stone axe , arrowhead , and move up the ladder of history toward modern day -- western colt revolver , a old - time gangster Tommy gun ... in the middle of the room be a Civil War cannon . a stack of cannonballs sit next to it . phoenix this be the future . where be the fuck phaser gun ? he keep move down the line . past the 1940s , the 1980 , 1990 ... and finally a weapon he do not recognize at all . magnetic accelerator gun. acmag for short . Phoenix grin . punch the glass in the exhibit . hard . his fist bounce off . it hurt . he look around for something to break it with . nothing . side kick a larger expanse of glass in front of another display . almost break it . not quite . growl . a museum helper / guard come into the room . move towards the annoyed Phoenix smile pleasantly . museum guard mellow greeting . what seem to be you boggle ? phoenix my boggle ... ( he sigh ) I be at the top of the food chain , ya know ? and I would prefer to use tool , not bruise up my hand and foot . but I can not find anything in this place . a rock , a crowbar , any heavy object . tell I , whatta you weigh ? the Guard look at he in total confusion . Phoenix grab he by the lapel and shot -put he across the room into the glass . this time it shatter impressively . phoenix enough ... a very mellow alarm goe off murmuring " please exit " over and over . Simon begin sorting through weapon available . load a shotgun from the case . test it by blowing up another display . Works just fine . the alarm change to " please exit rapidly . " it begin to annoy he . he blows the loudspeaker away . blows up the acmag case . grab the gun . there do not seem to be any cartridge . no way to load they either . aim , fire . nothing . phoenix motherfuck . there 's a information booth at end of the room . Phoenix can not help himself . press the ego boost button again . museum computer ( v.o. ) that 's a great look shirt . Phoenix chuckle appreciatively , press the " ? " button . museum computer ( v.o. ) yes , Museum patron . have you a query ? phoenix whatsa matter with the ... ( check the name ) magnetic accelerator gun ? graphic flicker madly on the screen . museum computer ( v.o. ) the magnetic accelerator gun , the last produce handheld weapon of this millenium displace the flow of neutron through a non-linear cycloid supercool electromagnetic force . phoenix so ... what ? it need new battery ? what size ? who sell battery in the future ? be there a battery store I can go to ? two guard appear in the doorway behind he . guard # 1 ( tough -ish ) Excuse I , Museum patron ... without a second beat , Phoenix shotguns they both . in the background we can hear the alarm change " run . run ... " a set of steel door whoosh down , sealing Phoenix in . Phoenix turn back to the computer as --- museum computer ( v.o. ) the acmag , now reactivate , should concurrently supercool and achieve fission in ... two point six minute . phoenix ( look at steel door ) yeah , well , I be consider leave quickly and patience be not one of my virtue . ( beat ) who be I kid ? I do not have any virtue . laugh at he own wit . grab a shoulder bag from a Vietnam era GI display . start load up on weapon and ammo . kid in a toy store . examine , discard , choose ... and everything be free . he turn to the Civil War cannon . and grin ... ext . cocteau complex - museum entrance - day the sapd car be park at the curb . Doors pop open . Museum patron and guard flee . spartan , follow by huxley and Garcia , move against the flow . a cylindrical metal periscope suddenly pop up from the sidewalk . as spartan stare down at it , the periscope zip back down the hole . spartan you see that ? garcia what ? spartan never mind . I give up try to figure this place out . garcia ( hold out he s.a.c . ) procedure ? s.a.c . ( v.o. ) establish communication with maniac intruder . spartan wrong . ( he take the s.a.c. , smashes it to the ground ) hey. luke skywalker . use the Force . spartan head for the door . Garcia have a distraught moment before follow . Garcia hand spartan a stun baton . it SPARKS to life . spartan what the hell 's this ? garcia it 's a glow rod . it 's what we get . spartan do it work ? spartan casually poke out to a nearby scared guard . the guard drop like a dead weight . spartan guess so . huxley they have get he trap in section eight . spartan trapped ? the maniac intruder ? that I doubt . oh , would you make sure for I that nobody else be in the building ? huxley ( understand ) done. ( as she turn to the guard ) I want a visual . now . every corridor in the museum . I want full sensor route to I . and I want it ninety second ago ... they start to scurry . there 's a moment as he appreciate she skill and --- int . museum - MAIN hall - day now empty . spartan stride along . spark bullshit stun baton in one hand . int . museum - armory entrance - day spartan approach . can see the seal steel door . there 's a emergency release beside they . check the stun baton . reaching for the handle when , the door explode at he . blown aside . Fire , smoke every - where , a batter cannonball bounce down the hall . spartan hurl himself through the hole in the door . take cover behind one of the exhibit . int . museum - armory room - day Phoenix stand behind the Civil War cannon . phoenix ( amusing himself once again ) what can I say , I be a blast from the past . he look like a mad bandito . draped in gun and ammo . spartan ( o.s. ) Simon Phoenix . l.a.p.d. , I mean San Angeles p.d. you be under arrest . where 's the voice come from ? why do it sound so familiar ? phoenix Nah . I do not think so . Simon unleash a barrage from a tommy gun drape around he neck . keeps firing and firing and firing . empty it . not a very strategic move as he demolish most of the case in the room , include the one directly over spartan . a beretta fall at he foot . a old police belt as well . spartan yank out the magazine . load it . collapse the bullshit stun baton and tuck it away . spartan hand up or I will shoot , Simon . ( beat ; to himself ) fuck it . spartan come up firing . get off about three shot before Phoenix strafe the area with a hk91 . dive for cover . phoenix you be say ... ( recognition jolt ) spartan ! John spartan ! what 's a guy like you do in a century like this ? spartan my job . phoenix who care ? Simon say bleed . Phoenix unsheathes a pair of machine pistol . blaze away . tries the acmag . still nothing . phoenix ( be : the acmag ) come on , motherfucker . ( then ) well , we will do it the old - fashioned way ... dump another load of black powder into the cannon . strafe spartan . tamp the powder down . strafe spartan . spartan see a 12 - gauge auto loader and a box of shell across the aisle . phoenix so lemme get this straight -- they defrost you just to lassoo my piddly ass ? the magazine empties . calculate the odd , spartan dive and roll across the aisle . spartan I be in the neighborhood . he 's concerned when there be no shot fire . he oughta be . Phoenix drop in a cannon ball . light the fuse . aim . spartan come up blazing . lotta firepower in a 12- gauge at close range . Phoenix have a pair of six - shooter . bad Day at Black rock . case shatter . the cannon 's point straight at spartan . display collapse . Phoenix flatten . a mannequin fall across the cannon , point the muzzle down . Phoenix pull out the now - fully - charge acmag as the cannon fire . right into the floor . blows out one of the transparent panel . the two of they collapse into the floor below . int . museum - MAIN hall - day smoke everywhere . phoenix ( o.s. ) Nice shoot , spartan . you kill the building . the smoke clear . they be in downtown 20th century l.a . they have drop into the archeological exhibit we see before . spartan , shaking off the fall , find himself weaponless . Phoenix be spin madly around , acmag in one hand , a Ingram from he shoulder bag in the other . strafe everywhere with the ingram . toss it away . phoenix past be over , spartan . ( be the acmag ) time for something new and improve . like I ... now die . Phoenix aim the acmag . completely silent . then the first object that intersect he aim simply explode . whatever it be . Phoenix laugh hysterically . like this new toy a lot . fire again . a work FIRE hydrant blows up off its bolt . Water be spraying everywhere . Phoenix stand in it six inch deep . spartan yank out he stun baton , step clear , jam it in the water . spartan you forget to say Simon say . spartan activate the stun baton . Phoenix be rack with pain . rattled and shake by the charge . involuntary shudder . yank himself clear with a wild grin . phoenix what a brave new world . sorry you have to leave . he fire . spartan dive for cover . just out of reach he spot the beretta . dive for it . shoot back . it 's like a popgun compare to the acmag . anything but survival become completely out of the question . Phoenix fire round after round . everything he aim at just explode . that spartan life through this at all be amazing . ext . museum - rear courtyard - day Cocteau coolly walk through the freshly - landscape courtyard . a large column of smoke rise out of a section of the museum . associate Bob frantically bob about he . associate bob I be sure , sir , the stress breeder be inside be demobilize as we speak ... a bullet whistle by , barely miss Bob . he hurl himself into the dirt . Cocteau turn to face a jazze - up Phoenix , still drape in weapon , the acmag tuck in he belt . phoenix damn , be freeze have throw off my aim . do not worry , I will kill you with the next shot . cocteau I do not think so . Phoenix raise a luger to Cocteau . something snap . Phoenix 's smile turn to a grimace . his gun hand quiver . he want to kill , but he can not . Cocteau fold he arm . cocteau ah , no kiss -kiss . no bang -bang ... and you be do so well . now , do not you have a job to do ? do not you have someone you have to kill ? Phoenix look at he . surprise and puzzle ... phoenix yeah , I do ... spartan come crash out of the wreckage . load the beretta as he run , a craze scowl on he face . Phoenix leap the wall . ext . museum STREET - rear courtyard - day Phoenix bound up a hill . jump onto the back of a whirring electric trolley head by . it pick up speed . he disappear . ext . museum - rear courtyard - day spartan take aim - out of range . fuck. turn to Cocteau . spartan you do not know how fuck lucky you be that maniac do not whack you . cocteau no doubt whack , whatever it be , would be extremely bad . you scared he away and I do not know how to thank you . you save my life . spartan give a suspicious glance from the wall to Cocteau as Cocteau lead he ... ext . cocteau complex - museum entrance - day the cop and passersby be in a state of shock . a column of smoke still rise from somewhere in the middle of the building . 2042 Fire Department vehicle arrive . a fire - man jump into a control stand atop the vehicle , pull a joystick , and the entire back of the truck lift off , unmanned drine . he guide it towards the blaze . under all of which -- huxley not bad for a eighty - four-year - old ! Simon Phoenix know he have some competition . he 's finally match he meat . you really lick he ass ! spartan uh , it 's ' meet he match . ' and ' kick . ' kicked ' he ass . Cocteau take a quivering Chief earle aside . cocteau ( coolly ) who be this man ? in the b.g. , associate Bob arrive , tidily brush dirt off himself . earle detective John spartan . temporarily reinstate to the San Angeles Police Department to pursue the madman Simon Phoenix . ( ready to cry ) you tell we to do everything in we power to capture the madman . cocteau ( beat ) I do . yes . yes , I do . I do recall the exploit of John spartan . do not they call he ... I think it be ... the demolition man. ( then ) it 's quite all right , Chief . unexpect , creative , but quite all right . be well . earle nod . still terrify . cocteau John spartan , welcome . so , what do you think of we fair society ? spartan great , I come to the future , Phoenix get the ray gun , I get the rusty beretta . Cocteau address spartan and the entire assemblage . cocteau John spartan , in honor of you arrival , and you protection of the sanctity of human life , namely my own , I wish for you to join I for dinner tonight . ( see huxley at he side ) the both of you . I insist . you must accompany I to Taco Bell . huxley look seriously pleased and flatter . spartan just have no clue as to this choice of restaurant . huxley discreetly elbow he . hard . spartan uh. that would be great . ( befuddle ) look forward to it ... int . police station - MAIN area - dusk spartan be not happy -- spartan wait , wait , wait . spartan be stare at a vid screen on a wall : Cocteau , grin , arm spread , he utopia behind he , and the Behavioral Engineering logo . spartan spacely sprocket here , who be now in charge , the ' Mayor / gov , ' who want to take I to dinner at Taco Bell -- though Lord know I would not mind a burrito -- be also one of the guy who invent the cryoprison ?! morality BOX beeps . spartan casually add the paper to the collection in he breast pocket . under -- earle Dr. Cocteau be the most important man in San Angeles . he practically create we whole way of life . Savage ! spartan well he can have it . ( choose word ) and rather than insert barb instrument up the rectum of that around you , perhaps you would care to sit on one yourself . a flustered earle give a look to the morality box . spartan turn to another vid screen . a map of San Angeles on it . spartan Phoenix could be anywhere , but not have a code could hurt he . limit he option . huxley correct . money be outmode . all transaction be through code . spartan so Phoenix can not buy food or a place to crash for the night . pointless for he to mug anybody ... ( beat ; think ) unless he rip off someone 's hand . let 's hope he do not figure that one out ... everyone be momentarily nauseate . garcia and with all officer already patrol in a citywide crisis net , it should be just a matter of tick -tock before ... earle and you know , we already have a back - up plan . we can just wait for another code to go red . when Phoenix perform another murderdeathkill , we will know exactly where to pounce ... spartan oh. great plan . earle thank you . only lenina get the sarcasm . she and spartan exchange a look . spartan go back to stare at the screen . spartan so where the fuck be he ? spartan reach without look . pocket another warning . ext . san angele alley - night Simon be behind a shiny silver building . prying up a grate . phoenix no front door , no welcome mat , what 's with this people ? how you suppose to show up and kill somebody ? he love he own joke . climb down in . start down a long ladder weld onto the side . shut the grate behind he . ext . san angele skyline - night the 2042 skyline glisten . tiny car zip along below we . int . lenina's police car - moving - night spartan stare in amazement at huxley as she prattles on ... huxley ( a touch embarrassed ; a schoolgirl crush ) I have be a enthusiast of you escapade for quite some time . I have , in fact , peruse some actual newsreel of you at the schwarzenegger library . the time you drive you car through that ... spartan back up . the schwarzenegger library ... huxley yes , the schwarzenegger presidential Library . be not he a actor when you ... spartan stop ... he be President ? huxley even though he be not bear in this country , he popularity at the time cause the 61st amendment which state ... spartan ( wave she off ) I do not want to know ... they drive in silence for a while , spartan stare out the window at 2042 pass by . spartan I keep look around , think about my daughter grow up in a place like this . I be afraid she 's gonna think I be some kind of disgusting primate from the past . as much as I want to see she , I almost do not wanna know . I be not gonna fit into the picture very well . huxley reach for the car terminal ; thrilled with this small mischief . huxley it would be a minor misuse of police power but I could do a search for you . spartan reach over , stop she hand . shake he head " no . " there 's a moment between the two of they . he remember he should not touch she . let go . she do not seem to mind . spartan ( then ; change subject ) so , what 's with this Cocteau guy ? he thanks I for save he life -- which I be not sure I do -- invite I to dinner , and where do he take I ... Taco Bell . I mean , hey , I like mexican but come on ... huxley you tone be quasi-facetious . you do not realize Taco Bell be the only restaurant to survive the franchise Wars . all restaurant be now Taco Bell . as they pull up in front -- ext . taco bell - night it be unlike any Taco Bell we will ever see . holographic image hover in the air in front of the marble entrance . a row of jackete valet stand ready . one rush up . as they enter , a periscope pipe pop up , look around , disappear . no one notice it . int . taco bell - front counter area - night sparse , elegant and melrose -dark . as huxley and spartan enter a mariachi band take they place in the corner . huxley and spartan walk up to a sultry future version of a Taco Bell order counter . spartan be try to assimilate it all when the counter - girl break the ultra - cool character of the restaurant to give he a typical fast food happy face . countergirl hi ! May I help you ? spartan uh , I will take a Burrito Supreme and a shake ? countergirl will that be for here or to go ? spartan ah . the eternal question ... here . she do a perky fast food spin to the station behind she and whip back a silver tray hold a ornate china set . countergirl Burrito Supreme . shake . be well . spartan look down to a miniscule cylinder of press kelp top with a dab of salsa and small sesame - seed - type bit . the tiny shake be in a thimble - size frost - cover glass . spartan oooh . yum ... good thing I be hungry . int . taco bell - cocteau' table - night the mariachi band launch into the mexican hat dance song as spartan and lenina , carry they trays , be escort by a maitre d' to a table set in a secluded section of the restaurant . Cocteau and associate Bob wait for they . Cocteau stand -- cocteau John spartan , the hero of the hour . I congratulate you . associate bob greeting and salutation , I be associate Bob . we meet before , ever so briefly but I be grovel in fear in the humus at the time . you have have quite the exciting first day in San Angeles . imagine , chase a real criminal . spartan ( sit ) imagine . could someone pass the salt ? huxley ( whisper ) Salt be not good for you . hence it be ... spartan glare she quiet , poke at he " Burrito Supreme . " a beat . Cocteau muse -- cocteau so , John spartan , tell I , what do you think of San Angeles , 2042 ? spartan I guess , consider the way thing be go when I go in -- I think the future would be a sick , decaye pit of suffer and hate with a thick , foul stench . Cocteau gloat . cocteau you should consider visit New York / Jersey after this . spartan ( brighten ) you mean nothing 's change ? associate Bob roar in appreciative empty laughter . think Ed McMahon . spartan look at he . it be not funny . poke at he burrito . ugh ... cocteau look at you , John spartan , pout for the old cheeseburger -- the flesh of die animal cover with cholesterol laden butterfat . you miss the bad old day . spartan yeah , maybe . ( then ) look , I like vegetable . I even eat tofu a couple time . but I get to choose when I want it . cocteau you think we have go too far ? you be not here for the fourth and fifth riot . ( harsh ) civilization try to destroy itself . people just want the madness over . and when I see the chance to make thing right , I grab it . San Angeles would not be here . it would be you pit of stench . spartan yeah ? maybe you can book I a flight to New York when this be do . lenina 's shocked . Cocteau 's not thrilled with he attitude either . cocteau for you crime , John spartan , you would have surely rotted and die in jail by now . even you have to appreciate the persuasively tranquil humanity of the cryo-prison system ... spartan I do not want to piss on you parade , pal , but my ' cryo - sentence ' be not a sweet lullaby . I have feeling -- I have thought -- a 44 year - old bad dream about thirty people in a burn building -- about my wife , beat she fist against a ice bucket . it woulda be more humane to stake I down and leave I to the crow . huxley you be awake ? a person would go insane . spartan stare out the window . across the street he see a scragly scrap on a sputtery patch together motor bike in front of a large food store across the street . cocteau I be sadden and stunne . if there 's anything I can do ... spartan go back to stare out the window . two , three , then four scrap loitering , look around , they have do nothing yet , but to spartan 's eye it 's clear they be up to no good . the food truck approach . spartan ( stand ) just call for back -up . I will be across the street . huxley but , John spartan , why ... how , wha ... spartan ( call out ; as he leave ) one of that hunch thing again . bad guy about to do bad thing ... and spartan be go ... ext . court of store - night the court of store be locate outside the restaurant . spartan step past the holographic image toward the food store . no one can mistake he for a exite patron . he radiate attitude . spartan pick up he pace . the food truck be just pull in . the motorcycle scrap see he . revs the bike in a ferocious swerve towards spartan . spartan look around . beside he be a street sign murmuring " third and alemeda , third and alemeda , third ... " spartan rip it from the ground . int . taco bell - table area - night lenina , and the rest of the restaurant gather at the window to ooh in fear . Cocteau scowl angrily at the scrap . ext . court of store - night the scrap on the motorcycle have no time to dodge as spartan stand he ground , joust he clear out of he seat . the motorcycle skid by , barely miss he , hit the curb , somersault and explode through the hologram . spartan do not even flinch . still clutching the pole , spartan make a swift kempo - swing into the three other attacker . and then , all hell break loose . explosive device explode the concrete inside nearby store . scrap come pour out . sewer cover be blown asunder follow by chain - and nunchuck - wield scrap . a alarm scream strangely and melodically . the food truck be swarm . Inside the foodstore ten , twenty , thirty scrap attack and loot . spartan see there 's a lot of they here . a whole lot . spartan great , they bring the whole team . Three more scrap come charge out of the store . clutch package . they hurl explosive device towards spartan to make they escape . int . taco bell - table area - night lenina lead a round of giddy gasp . Cocteau be not pleased with any of this . ext . court of store - night spartan dodge the fusillade , look around , take stock of the whole situation . a oncoming trolley come around the corner into the complex . spartan now if we can just get they to stay and play ... spartan dash to the trolley car . he bound up to the driver . trolley driver be well ...? spartan be go . spartan tug the driver along with he out of the move trolley . he javelin a mighty thrust with the street sign into the back wheel of the trolley . int . taco bell - table area - night the patron grow dead silent in anticipation . ext . court of store - night the trolley teeter into a savagely awesome derail . it go into a squealing , sparking skid right into the food truck . the slamm - to-a-stop trolley neatly angle into the truck trapping scrap out front and inside . int . taco bell - table area - night the patron unbridle themselves into actual cheer . ext . court of store - night spartan burst forth from the trolley into the melee . spartan you be all under arrest . the scrap freeze for a moment . this guy mean business in a way they have never see before . but spartan be dis - tract for a moment by a excited yell -- scrap raider protein ! I have find protein !! this do not sound like harden criminal to spartan . more scrap rush over to help he carry this booty away . a scrap appear beside spartan , swinging a pair of nunchuck make from two knobby table leg . spartan ( wearily ) you be go to regret this for the rest of you life . both second of it . nunchuck scrap thwaps spartan . spartan just look annoyed , not hurt . slam he again . still no reaction . spartan latch onto a nunchuck in the air as it come toward he . yank it forward as he shove the scrap backward into the food store window . the scrap bounce off the window like a nerf ball , not remotely crack it . spartan frown to himself . spartan maybe I be lose my touch . two other scrap attack he . spartan fend off one , shotput the other into the window , this time shatter it competely . spartan better . up on the truck , Payne , under a enormous load of food , appear . take quick stock of the situation . he see spartan . have no idea who this guy be , but he 's trouble . they exchange a look . payne we be outta here ! int . taco bell - table area - night Cocteau smolder at the sight of Payne . ext . court of store - night the hurled scrap stumble out of the window wreckage , fall to he knee . as spartan consider what the hell be really go on , and should he deck this guy , a bunch of can of quirky food cascade out of the scrap 's jacket . hurled scrap ( genuine plead ) please ... do not ... spartan stop . back away . watch oddly as the scrap escape . he let they go . step back away as the other escape . they do not know why he change he mind , but they be not stay around to find out . huxley and the restaurant patron rush up to give he a blast of adulation . spartan 's attention stay on the flee scrap . huxley such a reckless abandonment ! look like there 's a new shepherd in town ! spartan ' sheriff ' ... who be that guy ? cocteau we call they scrap . voluntary outcast , they cower beneath we in sewer , abandon tunnel ... associate bob they be nothing but thug and hooligan . Cocteau nod appreciatively ; Bob be echoing some previous statement of he . in the b.g. , a team of uniform engineer be patching up a hole in the ground use a set of steel plank , laser welder , giant cement spurting pastry bag ... huxley ( to spartan ) you be even better live than on laserdisc . oh , and the joyjoy way you pause to make a glib witticism before do battle with that strangely - weapon scrap it be so , so ... spartan ( lose it ) hey , this be not the Wild West . the Wild West be not even the Wild West . hurting people be not a good time . well , sometimes it be ... but not when it 's just a bunch of guy who want something to eat . you know , I think I like it better when we be all suppose to fry in a nuclear holocaust . Cocteau do not look pleased about any of this . spartan storm off . lenina , let out a shocked breath , gulp and follow after he . ext . additional san angele STREET - night huxley 's cruiser glide into frame . huxley ( v.o. ) huxley , coding off . int . lenina's police car - moving - night spartan watch as the steering wheel retract into the dash . shake he head . everything be weird in the future . then -- spartan hey , look , I be sorry I yell before ... back there . huxley no need to make a dehurtful retraction . I have assimilate too much contraband . I flesh you as some blow -up - the-bad-guys - with - a- happy -grin- he - man type , but I realize now you be the moody - troubled - past-gunslinger - who-only - draw - when-he-must . spartan huxley . stop . I be not any of that ... I be nothing . touched , lenina hand spartan a small , unusual box . huxley oh , hey , here 's what you ask for ... why do you ... spartan thanks . it 's just a ... hunch . lenina's apartment - night lenina 's car whirr up to two giant , geometric building . spartan this be where you live ? huxley you , too . I have procure you a domicile down the corridor from my own . int . lenina's apartment - night black screen huxley ( o.s. ) everything be voice-code . so if you need something ... a door open in the darkness . huxley ... just ask . light . light come up . the place be like one of the 50' diner that never exist in the fifty , the apartment be a monstrosity -- a melange of 80' and 90' style never quite see together in this way . huxley ( proudly ) what do you think ? I click off a lot of credit to create the perfect 20th century apartment . spartan it 's very ... not sure what . just nod at all . she beam . huxley be not it ? ( then ; a little halting ) John spartan , there be of course a well - know and document connection between sex and violence . not so much a causal effect , but a state of general neurological arousal . spartan look at she . he have no idea what she point be . huxley and after observe you behavior and my resultant condition , I be wonder if you would like to have sex ? he have no idea that be go to be she point . spartan with you ? ( as she nod ) now ? ( as she nod again ) ahhh , ahhh , mmm , yeah . huxley great . she turn quickly to a cabinet and remove two strange high - tech helmet and a towel . lenina , all excited , put one of the helmet on he head and hand he the towel . flick a switch on the side of the helmet -- read - out light come on ; activate . lenina sit upon a bed opposite spartan , and repeat the operation on herself with the other helmet . huxley now you have to relax . we will start in a few second . spartan start what ? huxley have sex , of course . and she flick on the switch on she own helmet . virtual reality world lenina appear float , a diaphanous gown blow gently about she . she float slowly toward we , as she begin to peel off and discard piece of the gown which dissolve immediately away . as she approach nakedness ... int . lenina's apartment - night a beat of open-mouthed amazement and enjoyment and then spartan tear the helmet from he head and throw down he towel with a mixture of confusion and anxiety . lenina be still seat across the room . huxley what 's wrong ? you break contact . spartan contact ? I have not even touch you yet ! lenina remove she helmet with some confusion and hurt . huxley but ... but I think you want to make love . spartan this be like bone Ms. pacman . lenina stand , toss she helmet down , and face spartan . huxley ( flustered ) vir-sex have be prove to produce higher order of alpha wave during digitize transference of sexual energy ! spartan waddya say we just do this the old - fashioned way ? she look at he , back away in shock and disgust . huxley uuuugh . you mean ... fluid transfer ?! spartan bone , do the wild mambo , you know ... ( demonstrate ) ... the hunka chunka . huxley that be no longer do ! spartan look at she like she 's out of she mind . huxley Exchange of bodily fluid ? do you know what that lead to ? spartan kid , smoking , a desire to raid the fridge . huxley the rampant exchange of bodily fluid be one of the major reason for the downfall of society . ( try to explain calmly ) after aids there be nrs . after nrs there be ubt . one of the first thing Dr. Cocteau be able to do be outlaw and behaviorally engineer all fluid transfer out of societally - acceptable behavior . not even mouth transfer be condon . spartan there 's no kissing anymore ...? I be a good kisser ... huxley ughh . spartan what about kid ? huxley procreation ? we go to the lab . fluid be purify , screen and transfer by authorize medical personnel only . ugh. ugh ... spartan I do not ... huxley you be a savage creature . John spartan , I wish you to leave my domicile now ! she point to the door . stamp she foot . some thing never change . he want to explain . she stamp she foot again . he leave . int . spartan' apartment - night in darkness , spartan loudly bang into something . spartan ahh. light . light come up . the place be , well , spartan . exact same shape and size as huxley 's , but stunningly sterile and unwarm . spartan tragically take in the place , poke he head into a clinical bathroom , a bathroom with no toilet paper and a strange shelf with three seashell . shake he head . spartan 's hand start to quiver toward a knitting needle and a ball of red yarn . curiously furrowing he brow , spartan plop into a strenuously uncomfortable futuristic chair and begin almost unconsciously knitting the red yarn . he stop himself in perplex surprise ... suddenly , a loud bopping noise fill the air . a beautiful nude woman , casually brush she tooth , appear on a vidscreen before spartan . nude woman ( image ) hi , Martin ! I be thinki -- ohmy God ! I be sorry , wrong number -- in a panic , the nude woman reach o.s. and the image click off . spartan smile , then stop smile . he awkwardly call out to the telescreen . spartan uh , telephone directory ... vidscreen computer ( v.o. ) ( word appear simultaneously on the screen ) videophone directory access . spartan almost bail , but finally -- spartan ( a little worried ) do you have a number for a Katie , I guess it 's Katherine now , spartan ? or maybe under she mom 's name , Warren , or ... ( the think hit he ) ... she mom might have even re-remarry . but she 's pass away now ... shut up . realize he 's be rambling . vidscreen computer ( v.o. ) ( as soon as he shut up ) Katie spartan . no ref. Katherine spartan . no ref. Katherine Warren . ( pause , pause ) no current ref . spartan be there one ? vidscreen computer ( v.o. ) list offspring under madeline Warren through 2010 . list different number domicile until 2028 . spartan what happen then ? he can not believe he 's have a dialogue with tv screen , but ... vidscreen computer ( v.o. ) no ref . spartan ( dread the answer ) do she die ? vidscreen computer ( v.o. ) no death certificate issue . no ref . spartan good thing she do not die without permission . do she move ? vidscreen computer ( v.o. ) no relocation license grant . no ref . spartan ( get irk ) reason for ' no ref ' ? vidscreen computer ( v.o. ) ( after a beat ) what number do you wish to call ? hang up on he . the image blink out , replace by cloud and the " be well " slogan . a annoyed spartan stare at the screen . he pick up the strange box lenina give he . Inside it be a stack of petite laserdisc . spartan stick the first laserdisc in he television . a surveillance camera shot show the image of the explo - sion at the museum . spartan pop the disc and put another in . this time the surveillance village show Cocteau and associate Bob walk through the courtyard . then the gunshot . then finally spartan come to the strange face - to- face between Cocteau and Phoenix . spartan back - and-forth watch the stand~off with grow fascination . he almost unconsciously reach out to the sewing needle and the red yarn ... int . cocteau' office - night Dark . Cocteau step in . trailed by associate bob. nothing happen . he look around wonder why . cocteau ( a little annoyed ) light . phoenix ( o.s. ) Nah , I change that . illuminate . the light go on . Simon be behind Cocteau 's desk , he foot up . phoenix illuminate . ( they go off ) be not that nicer ? go 'head , you try it . cocteau ( exasperate ) illuminate . the light come back on . phoenix Raymond , bud , we need to talk . cocteau how would you get in ? phoenix I wish I know . access code , route to secret underground kingdom , the word to song I think I forget ... I have be meaning to ask you about this . I can do almost anything . I like this . a lot . cocteau ( start to lose he calm demeanor ) you skill be give to you for a reason . not for you personal amusement . you job be to kill this nuisance , Thomas Payne no one else in San Angeles can perform this simple task anymore -- and not to allow he to wreak any more surface harass havoc . and you ineptitude allow it to grow worse tonight . phoenix ( beat ) ' ineptitude . ' now I would say that 's a bit of a provocative word , Raymond . have you ever be down to the wasteland ? have anyone you know be down there ?? no ? ( good ; then I lie madly ) oooh . it 's bad down there . really bad . it 's a wonder I get out of there alive . it 's gonna be a big problem . ( sorry , but ... ) I be gonna need five or six more guy . easy . ( then ) you gotta list ? ' Cause I do not wanna defrost no serial killer or mad dog type . cocteau so you be gonna be the only mad dog type ? for a minute we might think Phoenix be insulted . uh uh . phoenix exactemundo . Cocteau turn to Bob . cocteau Fine . take care of it . ( then to Phoenix ) just get it over with ... you be beginning to be more trouble than you be worth . phoenix aww , do not say that ... Phoenix chuckle . then , a little irk -- phoenix what the hell be spartan do here , Raymond ? who invite he to we party ? Cocteau 's gotta lie about this one . be not part of he plan either . cocteau finish you business and I will stuff he back in the freezer . think of he as a guarantee . phoenix I take care of spartan before , do not worry you pointy little head about it . now to avoid this ineptitude , we need this guy thaw ... Cocteau nod . yeah , whatever ... phoenix illuminate . the light go out again . Simon chuckle madly . cocteau ( get aggravate ) illuminate . nothing happen . phoenix ( laugh as he disappear ) Nah , I change it again . see ya ... associate bob what a distasteful fellow . Cocteau just look at he . enough already ... cocteau oh shut up , Bob . ext . lenina's apartment - morning lenina be wait outside she car as spartan emerge from the building . huxley ( all business ) detective ... spartan ( get in the driver 's side ) I have get to learn to do this sometime . spartan toss lenina a suavely - knitted sweater of familiar red yarn . spartan this be for you , huxley . huxley oh , thanks ... int . lenina's police car - day lenina hold up she new sweater with a tickle blush . spartan determinedly press button to get the car humming off . huxley what a lovely ... spartan I do not know what they put in my cryoslush , but I thaw out and the first thing I want to do be ... knit . how come I know what a zipper foot be , a shuttle , hook and bobbin , petitpoint . I could weave a throw rug right now with my eye close . huxley ( chuckle ) it be you rehab training . for each inmate the computer draw up a skill or trade which best suit they genetic disposition . it implant the knowledge and desire to carry out whatever training be assign . spartan I be a ' seamstress ? ' seamstress . great . how come I come out of cryoprison and I be betsy fuck Ross and Phoenix come out and he can access computer , operate all vehicle , find the location of every damn thing in the city ? ( he have a think ) can you get I Phoenix 's rehab program ? huxley punch madly away . a access denied sign flash on the screen , cut she off . lenina get into a little more furious computer play until she get a violent beep . a sweet female computer voice chirp along with corresponding print information . sweet female computer ( v.o. ) Phoenix , Simon . Rehabilitation skill ; urban combatkill , torture methodology , computer override authorization , violent ... spartan who develop the rehab program ? attila the hun ? huxley ( disquieted ) Cocteau industry of course . but why would Cocteau want to provoke madness ? he 's always be obsessed with one thing ... spartan yeah ... control . the success of he favorite restaurant . the end of kissing ... I have gotta talk to this asshole . huxley but , John spartan , you must be mistaken . you can not accuse the savior of the city of be connect to a multi-murder - deathkiller like Simon Phoenix . it 's ... rude . spartan I will be subtle . I be good at subtle . lenina look anything but reassure . int . cocteau complex - cocteau' lobby - day associate bob I be ever so sorry , John spartan , but Dr. Raymond Cocteau be not here for you unannounced visit . I do not think I can access he at this time . spartan grab he by the throat . pull he inch away from he own face . spartan think again . associate bob ( choke ) I will give it my utmost effort , sir . spartan shove he back . Bob drop to a keyboard . his finger fly madly . associate bob oh wonder of wonder , I have he on fiberop in the conference room . int . cocteau complex - conference room - day Cocteau appear on a dozen swiveling videohead . cocteau ( condescending ) mellow apology for my lack of physical disposition , detective , but I do have a entire city / gov to run . spartan waste no time with pleasantry . spartan run this . you program Phoenix 's rehab to turn he into a terrorist . now that you wuss out this entire society in a tribute to yourself you need Phoenix to handle the cast - off who would not listen to you bullshit . huxley cringe . the morality BOX beeps . Cocteau stare at he with that weird hypnotic serenity . cocteau Phoenix 's rehab . now . half the screen scroll into Phoenix 's rehab file . this time completely innocuous : sweet female computer ( v.o. ) Phoenix , Simon . Rehabilitation skill ; decorative garden , retail floral arrangement ... cocteau what be you speak of , detective ? my only interest in Simon Phoenix be in that of the creation of a expert florist . spartan florist ? Phoenix would not know a prickly pear from a pair of prick . spartan yank out the beretta . associate Bob back away while glance furtively at a close door . blam . blam . blam . shoot out three of the screen . spartan try again . even on video , Cocteau flinch visibly . spartan outside the museum , why do not he blow you brain out ? I see the security disc . Phoenix have a full ten second to think about where to put the hole in you head . cocteau ( a little shook ) John spartan , this display of barbaric behavior be not acceptable even in you time . spartan yeah . but it work . blam . blam . blam . shoot out three more . associate Bob faint dead away . spartan when a man like Phoenix have a gun to you head , ten second be nine and a half second longer than you live . cocteau ( on the vid screen ) not everyone be as eager as you to resort to violence to solve all the difficulty in life . even now I be beginning to wonder if the fraca in the museum be the result of Mr. Phoenix 's presence or you own . the beretta appear next to Cocteau 's head onscreen . CUT to : int . cocteau' complex - cocteau' office - day Cocteau be in a corner of the room in front of a private vidhead . spartan stand with beretta point directly at he . Nonetheless , Cocteau remain he arrogant self . spartan wonder about this , shithead . you think you can control this guy ? trust I ... you can not . cocteau ( a beat ; unfaze ) be there something specific you plan to do with that archaic device ? spartan 's not go to shoot he ; lower the gun . cocteau now , John spartan , do you not query yourself that this misplace hostility be the result of you transference of self hatred and personal loathing ? spartan what ?? cocteau perhaps you blame I for my role in the progenation of the cryo process . that do not relieve you of you burden of responsibility for the commitment of you initial crime . spartan look at he a long time . spartan fuck you . huxley visibly recoil . the morality box braaap . it never get any further . spartan shoot it without a look , dead center . his eye never leave Cocteau . ext . taco bell / court of store - dusk the scene of the scrap ' food truck attack . as , on the CUT , spartan wrench off one of the steel plank . it split open with rush of AIR . earle have no idea how to stop spartan , but he try -- earle please cease this madness , enhance you calm , John spartan . spartan I have have it with enhance my calm . I be go to find Phoenix and enhance he calm instead . I be the only one here who can handle this situation . garcia how will you accomplish this , John spartan ? spartan I be go to blow he fuck head off . spartan wrench away another plank . the other back off in fear . it 's like he 's open up the mouth to hell . huxley John spartan , even if Simon Phoenix be program to escape , extinguish life and steal contraband weapon -- by force know or unknown -- pray tell why be you proceeding to the depth of wasteland ? spartan wrench off another plank . now the hole be big enough to enter . a set of rung can be discern . stop , look at earle . how can they all not get it ? spartan the reason the citywide manhunt do not work be because Phoenix be down in the one place you a , can not monitor , B , be afraid to visit , and C do not give a shit about . earle ( then ; brave ) whether Phoenix be down there or not , you just can not drop in . resonate some understanding , the wasteland be fill with thug and ... spartan hooligan , I know . we might never come back . earle yeah . you might like it down there . spartan look at he with a grin . spartan you make a joke . there 's hope after all . ( then ) hey , how bad could it be ... nobody have a clue . it could be really bad . spartan look , you two do not have to do this . I can handle Phoenix . huxley check she stun baton and light up a lightwand , ( a hand - hold flashlight device ) and follow he in . huxley ( eastwood tough ) hey , come on , let 's go blow this guy . spartan that 's ' blow this guy away . ' huxley ( shrug ) whatever . int . wasteland - ominous tunnel - dusk spartan , lenina , and Garcia all carry lightwand and stun baton , tread forward through a wide sewer tunnel . wind whistle by . a beat , then Garcia nervously sing ... garcia ' my dog 's better than you dog . my dog 's better than yours ... my dog 's better cause he ...' ( to spartan ) sorry , when I be nervous , I ... sorry . int . wasteland - length of pipe - dusk the trio creep into a ornate piece of piping . lenina gasp at what she see before she ... they spill out into -- int . wasteland - underground STREET - night they be in the wasteland which be surprisingly busy and crowded . people live in tent , lean -tos , whatever they ingenuity can provide . think third World refugee camp underground , a souk . marketplace , food stall ... the underbelly of the city light from above by strand after strand of bulb in construction cage and other fortui- tously salvage light , revealing odd tunnel of indeterminate former usage , abandon subway platform , natural cavern , a cutway of fifty year of sanitary landfill , the striation of decade of now useful trash be harvest . giant belt drive ventilation fan whirl in enormous airshaft overhead . the three move along take in the curious but unfrighten glance . more than one person recognize spartan from the battle the night before . you can feel the buzz work down the street . spartan thug and hooligan , huh ? huxley I have no idea ... we have always be tell the only people down here be savage , who want only to ... spartan , lenina , and Garcia find themselves start to sniff the air . spartan grin , while the other look ready to vomit . garcia what be that emanation ? spartan oh , yeah , oh yeah ... the trio drift toward a large , square hole in the sewer wall in front of which a smile old woman be smoking up some meat and tortilla on a makeshift grill . other scrap sit in the space square behind , smoking cigarettes and eat on ratty armchair between shabby travel poster . spartan thank God , a real burrito ... smoke . huxley I think I be go to ... salivate , spartan silence lenina by take off she watch and give it to the woman . he snatch up a burrito and a cigarette . old woman ( to Garcia ) Buenos dias , senor .... garcia uh , no thank you ... spartan methodically switch back and forth from eat and smoking like a machine . spartan best damn burrito I ever have . huxley just do not ask where the meat come from . spartan what do you mean ? huxley do you see any cow down here , detective ? spartan 's get one bite leave . turn to the old woman -- spartan que esta esso carne ? old woman esta carne de rodentia . beat . spartan Rat burrito . I be eat a rat burrito . spartan think about it . eat the last bite . spartan and it be good . damn fine salsa too . old woman gracias , senor . huxley be nauseous . garcia oh my ... they turn and walk on . ignoring the very disreptuable look cantina tuck into a carve out section of landfill . as they go by , we push in with a seedy - look patron to find -- int . wasteland - bar it 's as low life a place there be down here . it 's further drag down by the presence , in the furthest back , darkest corner , of Simon Phoenix and six cryocon , freshly defrost and each the size of a major appliance , albert , beppo , charlie , danzig , elvin and francis . all a little groggy . Phoenix , very execu-criminal , sit at the head of the raggedy bar table . phoenix gentlemen , let 's review . it 's 2042 . that 's two oh four two , as in the twenty - first century . the world be a pussy - whipped Disney Channel version of itself and all we gotta do to run the whole place be kill this guy , name Raymond , who put it all together . then as a add bonus , you get to kill the man who put most of we in the freezer , you pal and mine , John spartan . ( this go over big ; now for the plan ) we can rape , loot , pillage , all the fun thing you remember . this place be gonna be like a theme park , but with we kinda theme . let 's get busy . beppo ( fixate on this previous point ) we get to kill John spartan ? phoenix ( know he clientele ) over and over and over , if you would like . beppo do like . nod . sound like a good plan to everyone else as well . phoenix ( throw back he drink ) salud . int . wasteland - large cavern - night spartan , huxley and Garcia step in . a meeting place of sort . a machine shop . off to one side , a giant belt drive machine shop out of 1900 , take its power from a water wheel , attach to a enormous transmission spin furiously . mechanic fix and combine various vehicle into work fashion . blow torch , bellow . another flume feed a wildly churn wheel run the fan . we can see stall and house around the rim . out of date car be be use as home . spartan take it all in . his eye catch a bright red 1969 pontiac gto beside the machine shop . he 's draw to it in admiration , huxley and Garcia in he wake . spartan Nice ... a 1969 pontiac leman gto convertible with rear spoiler and hot wheel mag ... seriously beyond the standard package . a very large caliber revolver appear alongside spartan 's head . voice ( o.s. ) so be this . why do not you put down the glow rod . spartan do . the man with the gun be Payne . six other scrap tough have the drop on lenina and Garcia with giant crude shotgun . one of they wear a familiar periscope around he neck . payne you friend too . ( they do ) you get ball ball , cop , come down here after the show you put on ... huxley ( tough as she can ) we be look for a murderdeath killer ... can you help ? or just bully we with this primitive weapon ? spartan shake he head in disbelief . Payne shift he aim . fire . blow a hole in the side of a abandon car the size of a grapefruit . spartan well , maybe they be not so primitive . payne not funny , not smart . what do you want , cop ? spartan I get a few question . Payne cock he pistol , aim at spartan . spartan but if it 's a bad time we could come back later . payne it 's always a bad time down here for question . tough scrap you have get no business down here . spartan who be all you people ? and why be you down here ? payne what 's it to you ? what the hell do you care ? spartan look , I be not from here . well , I be from here , but I be not from now . and for all I can see , this whole place be as fuck up as where I be from ... I would just kinda like to know what 's go on . spartan still wait . a crowd begin to grow . Payne , despite the fact that he 's the guy with the gun , decide to answer . payne some of we do not tow the line . some of we do not make the grade . spartan stare past Payne to wild piece of graffiti on a wall behind he that include " I hate san angele and suck my cocteau ! " payne and some of we just get tired of be tell what to do ... spartan guess you people be not part of the Cocteau plan . payne man , this be the Cocteau plan . spartan next time you go shopping , I be not go to be in you way ... ( then ) listen , when the law be wrong , man have to take it upon themselves to change they . Payne stare at he . spartan 's sincere . Payne let he gun drop . the other follow . huxley ( shocked ) John spartan , you must uphold the law . a good-look woman of about fifty look up from the edge of the crowd with sudden interest at the mention of spartan 's name . spartan it 's the old story , give up a little freedom for a little safety and soon you have no freedom and no safety . payne you be a pretty wise man . spartan Nah , I be just fifty year out of date . but I do have another question . ( off Payne 's tacit approval ) we be look for a guy . Black skin , white hair , one blue eye , bad attitude . he 's from my time , and if I do not find he , we be all in trouble . Payne have not . look to the other . tough scrap ( nod to Payne ) scope he yesterday . garcia ( amaze ) you be right ... view from distance suddenly , the viewer be pull out for a long view of spartan talk to Payne . then one , two , three , four , five , six body step into the f.g. Simon and he goons walk down the street . simon can not believe he good luck . he chuckle . phoenix you know , I musta do something right in a previous life . ( think ; this seem really unlikely ) do not know what that coulda be ... he turn and quietly start dispense instruction to the cryocon . back to scene the woman who look up with such interest , step over closer . she 's get to know . katherine John spartan ? the demolition man ? spartan yeah ... ( surprised ; look at this older woman ) do I know you ? she 's shake , a tear roll down she cheek . she brushes it away . do not know how to react ... neither do he as -- katherine you do . I be you daughter . he wrap he arm around she , she he as well . spartan Katie , my little Katie ... katherine Little kate , I be older than you ... spartan you will always be my little girl , I do not care how old you be . ( step back ) God , Katie . you be all grow up . I miss you whole life . I miss everything . katherine Mom and I always talk about you . I always hope I would see you one day . I know I would . he hold she at arm 's length admire she . then --- spartan tell I everything . I want to know everything about you ... katherine ( laugh ; it 's fifty year ) everything ? all at once ? spartan 's grin , though it seem impossible , get wider . he kiss she on the forehead . hold she back out at arm 's length , just look at she with this great big smile ... spartan yes . absolutely everything . start where I leave off . you be six ... garcia spartan . spartan 's busy . garcia spartan ... ( as spartan ignore he ; still busy ) spar ... spartan what ! Garcia can only point : Simon Phoenix , forty foot away , giant grin , acmag in hand , take aim . spartan hurl Katherine to the ground , with himself as a shield as --- spartan get down !!! huxley , Garcia , and the scrap who have a clue dive as the acmag fire with the result tremendous explosion . phoenix spartan , buddy , I bring some old friend . the cryocon OPEN up with all manner of weaponry on the crowd . mayhem and slaughter . huxley and Garcia have take cover as well . they stun baton look exceedingly useless . spartan be momentarily trap under a collapse beam . do not last long . growl . hurl it aside . come up firing with the beretta . spartan stay down ! Phoenix fire again . the acmag round barely miss they . spartan 's blast brutally by the explosion . stays on he foot . keeps firing . Albert go down . he 's not go to get back up again . Payne rise to he foot firing a giant revolver . the other armed scrap follow he lead . another acmag round goe off . the light dim . spartan sprint for where he last see Phoenix . spartan can hear Phoenix clatter off up a culvert behind he . he bolt up after he . int . wasteland - culvert - night it fork upwards . sixty degree incline . flatten out . split again . spartan halt , listen . follow the footstep . same trick work backwards , as Phoenix stop dead , hear spartan coming . fire the acmag . miss as spartan be just about to round a bend into range . the culvert itself explode , blow shrapnel everywhere . Fifteen foot of it be go . it 's a ugly , ugly jump . two hundred foot down and no room to miss . off to one side , one of the fan spin madly . spartan leap . Hit the other side , grasp at shard of metal . pull himself in . it head back up . spartan ascend . up. up. now almost , and then completely vertical . he climb spread -eagle after Simon . int . wasteland - cross pipe - night the pipe " T "s at the top . spartan mantle up as Phoenix clatter off . down below in the pipe , the sound of someone else following as well . a gaskete porthole glint beside spartan , he slam it open . look down , he be a hundred yard above the cavern floor . beside he the chain arcing up from the machine shop below ratchet around a joint and head off into the darkness in the direction Phoenix have fle . half a beat . spartan reach out , way out , and just manage to snag the chain . haul madly . chain clatter and clatter . half a beat . a long , low rumble . Phoenix stop a moment , wonder what the hell it be . a giant blast of water tidal through the pipe . the acmag be sweep away . spartan look up to see Phoenix and a wall of water head he way . spartan oh shit . Simon smashes into he . the two be sweep along . the force blow they off the side . phoenix just go with the flow , spartan . int . wasteland corrugate conduit - night spartan and Phoenix be carry along by the water into a aqueduct . Phoenix heave himself over the side . spartan follow . int . wasteland - large cavern / support grid - night every scrap can see . the two hang on a suspension grid of a old rusty rebar , directly over one of the whirring ventilator fan . it 's not mean to take any weight . slippery as hell from the spray above . the rebar creak and moan . no one dare move . below , Charlie lie dead . no other cryocon can be see . spartan and Phoenix scrabble madly , yet in slow motion as not to break the old joint as they stay on . Hand over hand , Phoenix make he way along as --- phoenix hey , since we be just hang out , I have to tell you something -- remember that muni passenger you blow to piece try to catch I ...? they be already dead , pal , before you even touch the building . cold as haagen daz . ( Simon grin he scary grin ) see ya ... Simon swing himself back and forth , gain momentum . the rebar 's about to give as he launch himself out into space , just clear the fan . a wild twist fall end in a clangorous landing through three level of scrap lean -tos . spartan feel the rebar start to fail around he . as he try to haul himself up , it just give way more . the whole fan structure be give way . bit of metal fall , hit the fan and be send clanging off into space . and then ... it get worse . a noise from above . beppo appear . hang from a firm support . he begin to stomp on spartan 's finger . laugh wildly . spartan move , he stomp they again . spartan move again , but this time see a heavier piece of rebar nearby . snag it . and as beppo 's foot come down again , grab it . haul . beppo start to scream . his grip come loose on the wet bar above . scream past spartan as he fall . there 's a tremendous cuisinart SOUND . blood fly up past spartan as he climb up to safety . he move down the grid past the fan . see below as Phoenix scramble to he foot , start to run . spartan do not want to do it . no choice . growl . leap . Falls . Falls . Falls . smash into a garbage heap . int . wasteland - large cavern - floor - night Simon pound a rush up Garcia unconscious in a single blow . recover and empty a tommy gun at the crowd . scrap crawl for cover . Payne and two other FIRE back . Phoenix disappear . spartan blitzkriegs out of the refuse . craze . spartan stampede away . int . wasteland - underground STREET - night knocked to the ground before she burrito stand , the Old woman point inside the square room . spartan come in low , gun out , ready to fire . no one there . spartan pivot into the square space , look all around . then up . a open trapdoor . spartan peer in . elevator shaft a humongous steelwalled vertical shaft which rise up into the blackness . the Old woman 's cubbyhole be really a huge freight elevator . Phoenix be climb up a cable with speedy precision . burrito joint spartan drop down with a gleam . spartan there 's a elevator shaft on top of this place ... huxley then do that mean this place be ... spartan look around , tear old travel poster off the wall . reveal a panel . large up / down handle . huxley go up ? spartan ( look off ; with a sudden grin ) momentito , senorita huxley . int . 2042 GM dealership - night shopper wander about admire the car . half a beat . the elevator can be hear screeching upward . and then a crunching stop . the floor begin to buckle . customer flee in terror . the vroom of a engine can be hear . the floor crack asunder . the freight elevator emerge . a 2042 model be toss aside as the elevator rise from the floor . the wasteland pontiac gto convertible be jampark in burrito joint crunching the place 's chair in a heap . Driver spartan revs the engine as passenger lenina shudder about what be to happen next . huxley now what ? spartan vaya con dio . spartan drop the gto into gear . roar the car straight out the front window of the dealership . ext . taco bell - courtyard - night a maintenance hatch in the ground rise open . Phoenix scramble out . exhausted , greasy , drip with sweat . at the far end of the courtyard , he see --- Lamb keep watch on the entrance . a giant puff of smoke have come billow out . Lamb look seriously concerned . and at the same time kinda pleased . lamb yeah , the demo man be back . Lamb bend over to look . as he do , we see a figure approach from behind . Simon Phoenix . phoenix so be i. rookie . Phoenix dig out a .22 . shoot he repeatedly in the stomach . lamb Phoenix ... you be still ... one ugly sonofabitch . phoenix you should not have say that , now I be go to have to kill you ... ah damn , I forget , I already do . Lamb drop to the ground . pontiac gto tear along , divoting up the pristine 2042 green , the car fling a solar tower in its path to the ground , generally leave trouble in its wake . spartan see , in the extreme distance , Phoenix dash from Lamb 's crumpled body and the steal police car pull away . spartan Lamb ! spartan gun the gto , scream it across , skid to a halt . leap out . it 's too late . Lamb be dead . there 's a half a beat with he dead friend . huxley I empathize with you loss . spartan look up and growl . stride to the gto . huxley jump in beside . he floor it . huxley 's head fly back against she seat . the gto thunder out onto a shiny new San Angeles boulevard . ext . some other san angele STREET - night the gto crush a computer kiosk as it roar onto the street , aggressively plowing through the gentle user - friendly car on the road in its terrifying pursuit of Phoenix and Lamb 's steal police car . spartan fire out the window at the wildly fishtail Phoenix , but the angle 's just wrong . can not see and drive and aim . spartan fuck it . pull the gun back in . one hand on the wheel , spartan straight - arm the beretta and aim through he own wind - shield . it 's like a video game . Phoenix 's fishtail bring he into the sight . spartan fire . his own windshield shatter . blow into glass pebble all around they . int . stolen police car - night the bullet rip against Phoenix 's neck . phoenix motherfucker ! Phoenix fire a wild salvo back empty three or four different handgun . shatter the grill , blowing out what remain of the glass in the gto . ext . some other san angele STREET - night spartan fire two round at each of Phoenix 's rear tire , cleanly puncture each . the car swerve and fishtail . int . stolen police car - night Phoenix struggle to control the car . phoenix auto-inflate ! suddenly the two tire reinflate with a whoosh and the car be back on a straight course . int . gto - night spartan grunt in frustration . spartan damn ! take over ! huxley what ?! spartan yank she into the driver 's seat and rise , stand out through the miss windshield . huxley barely hold onto the steering wheel and the car wildly swerve . spartan drive ! huxley so what , I just push this pedal ... ext . some other san angele STREET - night she floors the gas and the gto burn rubber , peeling down the street . spartan be throw back against the roof of the car , manage to hang on . he open FIRE on Phoenix 's car . perforate it , blow off side mirror , generally make a mess of it as Phoenix weave wildly back and forth try to shake they off . int . stolen police car - night Phoenix look in the rearview and click into a mean - business mode . phoenix Computer : velocity control override ! computer ( v.o. ) State the nature of the emergency . phoenix arson . ( as car pick up a little speed ) armed robbery ! ( as more speed ; not enough ) no , it 's murder ! a entire family be be rob in a burn building and they be all get kill . the car screech its tire in acceleration . int . gto - night spartan watch the car jet ahead at a amazing clip . huxley he 's access velocity override ! spartan do not worry . punch it . ext . some other san angele STREET - night lenina really gun the gto and race up on Phoenix 's rear . spartan teeter out of the car to get a clear shot . spartan whoa , whoa , slow down ! but lenina ram the car . spartan fly off the gto and land on the back of Phoenix 's car . the beretta fly from he grasp . clatter away on the road behind . int . stolen police car - night Phoenix turn around to see spartan hang on . he shove a machine pistol out he open side window and fire back at spartan . ext . some other san angele STREET - night spartan duck back from Phoenix 's stream of bullet . smash the machine gun against the car , knock it from Phoenix 's grasp . just manage to trap it against the side of the car as it fall . snatch it up , lift it up to take aim as --- int . stolen police car - night Phoenix shout at the car --- phoenix open door ! emergency ! ext . some other san angele STREET - night both gull wing door slam open . the gun be bashed from spartan 's hand . spartan himself be smashed from one door to the other on the roof of the car . a hundred mile per hour and nothing to grab onto . he start to slide off . completely aerodynamic . grab onto a door . shove a shoulder underneath as --- phoenix Close door . the right hand door slam shut . the leave hand door crush against spartan . the mechanism groans . spartan growl back . spartan and the door strain against each other . the man win . wrench the door clean off . jump in the car . punch Phoenix square in the head . Phoenix be knock to he side . sidekicks spartan dead in the groin . spartan fold . Phoenix leap back up , triple - punch spartan in the chest . spartan 's hand come free , he fall back , as Phoenix jump on he and slam he head repeatedly against the hundred mile a hour ground rush by as the car drive itself . spartan continue to fight back , smash Phoenix , but he 's force to avoid the close call with car , street sign and the like . finally , Phoenix grab spartan 's throat and hold he down in the road where a upcoming futuristic fire hydrant be about to tear he head off . spartan see it come , have no choice . let go . Phoenix think he 's rid of he . no. spartan slide free for a moment on the road and barely manage to hook a hand on the open door frame . shirt three - quarter tear off , blood stream , he climb onto the back of the car . brutally punch he hand through what remain of the back window . Phoenix scream in rage as spartan 's hand come at he and grab he by the hair , yanking Phoenix 's head back . phoenix Computer ! disengage auxilliary battery pod now ! spartan freak as the back of the car suddenly separate from the rest of the car . it shoot rearward while the cab with Phoenix drop a third wheel in back and shoot off . spartan , hang on for dear life , turn to see he and the pod be jetting backwards for the front of a truly massive freight truck . four full trailer behind a massive cab . the thing 's gotta be eighty foot long . it 's more of a locomotive than a truck . the burly trucker also freak when he see he will impact with spartan . at the last moment spartan leap off the pod . Phoenix see the truck collide with the pod , blasting it to smithereen . he laugh as he enter a long tunnel . int . long tunnel - night the truck Driver be stunne and scared as he enter the tunnel but get another scare as spartan suddenly pop up at he door . spartan move over ! truck driver oh dear ! do not hurt I , please do not hurt I ! spartan push the burly trucker over and climb into the driver 's seat . the trucker take one look at this mad man and decide he fate be safer elsewhere . leap from the truck . land safely in some shrubbery . sobs. spartan gun the massive truck . Phoenix think everything be a-okay until he look in he rearview and see a bunch of streetlight be take out by the too huge truck and get closer . the truck harshly ram Phoenix , nearly jarring he from he seat but for the restraint . ext . police station - night the truck and Phoenix 's car roar out of the tunnel and move straight for the police station . the truck smashes he again . Phoenix 's steering wheel lock up and he seat restraint pop up as he race out of control for the station . he scream in rage . spartan slam on the truck brake , smoke , slip , slide , into the most horrific jackknife ever see . all four trailer lock up and accordian in on he . Phoenix 's vehicle slap the street curb and begin to roll , convulse into a spectacularly flame series of somersault that violently climax at the base of the sapd sign in front of the station . half a beat . a charr Phoenix burst from the vehicle , see the approach , out of control truck and turn and run like hell . the truck slide in a full , unstoppable quadruple jack - knife towards the police station . spartan try one last ditch attempt to bailout , but he door will not open , force in by the first trailer bent over from the force of that behind . the truck hit the curb , flip , collapse and plow into the police station . int . truck cab - night blooooofff . securofoam explode from nozzle everywhere . int . police station - night what few cop there be flee in all direction ... the truck follow by four trailer wipe out the station . flame , arcing power cable , explosion . demolition . ext . police station - aftermath - night Fire drone fight the blaze . the cab of the truck , a door tear off , lie askew . it 's entirely fill with dense , solid foam . half a beat ... it crack open , spartan appear tear giant hunk of foam away . eye wild . earle stand , mouth agape , stare at the destruction . spartan 's reappearance do not make he feel any better . earle you ... you ... menace ! spartan yeah . huxley come run up from the gto . huxley John spartan , I think you life force have be prematurely terminate . look at you , you be in shamble . spartan ( still tear off foam ) think I be fuck this time too . ( be : he tear uniform ) do not worry . I can fix this later . all I need 's a needle and thread . spartan look around , turn to earle . spartan I need something , anything , a shotgun , a flare gun ... ( look up ) Holy shit ... earle and huxley follow he glance . come across the green , a horde of scrap , armed to the tooth , carry the dead cryocon on two litter , and emerge from they midst beside Payne , alfredo Garcia . earle ( muster command ) stun baton on ! spartan give he a look , be you out of you mind ? huxley ignore he completely as well . move to Garcia . spartan you get a bump on the noggin and you be pancho villa . garcia who ? spartan never mind . ( to Payne ) loan I a gun . loan I two gun . Payne think about it for a half second . hand he gun over , nod to someone else as well to follow suit . spartan strap on two gun and a giant ammo belt . spartan what else you get ? the scrap unearth half - a- dozen large explosive device . spartan load they into the gto . earle be ready to cry when he see all this . a catastrophe avert , but -- earle you would have use this weapon of mass destruction against the man and woman who upheld the law ?! payne we would have use this weapon to shop for grocery . half a beat . earle get it . there 's kid in this crowd . and a lot of hungry people . payne look , Chief , I have have it with be a criminal . I be not a criminal . think of I more as the head of the people 's militia . we be gonna go dump the tea in the harbor , ya know ? earle that 's good , cause tea contain caffeine . spartan look at he . spartan you be joke again , right ? ( as earle nod ) grin or something afterwards , people do not know . earle nod seriously . spartan step over to the dead guy on the litter , pull back a sheet . he stare at the first guy . can not believe what he see ... huxley who be this swarthy stranger ? spartan ( stunne ; check the second ) I know this guy . I arrest they year ago ... Albert Collins , 22 know murder . beppo Zemoto , I do not even want to talk about what he do . and they be out . there be more too ... huxley ( proud of he ) I once check , prior to you arrest , 45 out of 200 member of the multilife sentence wing of the cryoprison be you arrest . spartan right now , that 's not a very reassure statistic ... katherine ( o.s. ) hey. dad . spartan turn , face he daughter . katherine here . you give I this . she hold out a tarnish barely recognizable gold lapd shield on a chain . drape it over he neck . she hug he . katherine do not get kill . maybe we will get to know each other . spartan that would be good . katherine I do not tell you I love you . he smile at she gently . forty - two year of pain wash clean -- spartan you do not have to . it hit she hard . this be she dad . spartan get in the gto . huxley get in beside he . look at she . thinks about it . she will do as a partner ... fire the gto up . the thing 's a bomb on wheel now . huxley do not hit anything . spartan whattya mean ? I be a excellent driver . as he go squealing out , clipping and knocking over the one remain wall of the police station -- int . cocteau' office - night Cocteau , Bob , Simon and the remain cryocon be there listen to Cocteau warble on -- cocteau I be not count on this , but I must say you have work out beautifully . people be terrify of you . phoenix ( do not flatter I ) ah , people have always be terrify of I . Cocteau continue he eerie soliloquy , feed Phoenix 's amusement . Phoenix walk behind he under this , take out a knife and behind Raymond 's back , try desperately to kill he . he can not . cocteau but this time they be truly scared . soon they will want to take the next step -- security camera in every room , stricter alarm system against misbehavior , anonymous hotline to they neighbor 's infraction ... ( gloat ) I will have carte blanche now to create the perfect society . everyone will want it . a enzyme injection for all citizen that will insure everyone have the same i.q. , the same weight , and the same desire to think only happy thought . Phoenix be back where Cocteau can see he -- phoenix I be pretty happy now . I think I will pass on that shot . Phoenix step off to one side , pull a old airweight out of he belt . aim it at Cocteau , try , try to pull the trigger . be not go to happen . he grunt in frustration . cocteau ( lose in he own reverie ) other city will follow . San Angeles will be a beacon of order with the purity of a ant colony and the beauty of a flawless pearl . phoenix Nah . you can not take away people 's right to be asshole . ( then ; it 's be bother he ) that 's it , that 's who you remind I of -- a evil Mr. Rogers . Cocteau smile . Simon toss the gun to elvin . phoenix you try to kill he . this be beginning to piss I off . elvin empty all six shot into Cocteau 's very surprised face . associate Bob look on from the corner . a little frighten , but not give a shit about Cocteau . phoenix so what shall I do with you , Bob ? associate bob I be a excellent associate , sir . I could work for you . ( off Phoenix 's doubt of this ) Dr. Cocteau actually have I endocrinecologically alter to never wish to be anything but a associate . phoenix what ?? associate bob I believe the slang that would best express it across we chronological gap , sir , would be that he -- cut my ball off . phoenix literally ? Bob nod ; Simon clap he on the shoulder . phoenix Bob , it 's a sign of weakness to cut the ball off the people who work for you . I be gonna get you a new set . associate bob why , thank you , sir . phoenix can we do that now ? Bob nod . phoenix I be gonna get a couple extra myself . not that I need them . but just for spare ... associate bob if I could interrupt ... Phoenix look at he ; this be not a good way to start ... associate bob but the police be here . out window some ten storey down . sure enough spartan and huxley be exite the gto . back in office phoenix I be gonna need to defrost more guy , Bob . lot more guy . can you do that ? associate bob indubitably . but the computer code will have to emanate from this office . we will need a few moment here before flee . ( sit at keyboard ; type away madly ) I might suggest that the , uh , large gentleman might be consider , ah ... ( sotto ) ... disposable . especially with rather large supply forthcoming . perhaps they could be send to welcome Mr. spartan . if they succeed , so much the better , if not , they will at least hinder he progress ? phoenix I like you , Bob . you have no heart . ( then ) guy , John spartan 's on he way . go downstairs . kill he . danzig over and over and over ... they leave . phoenix now , really , violent evil multi - lifer . I want guy who understand that crime come in bunch . not just a sporadic bit of violence or law break here and there . I want guy who have be on kill sprees before . Men who have cross state line with impunity ! do you understand I , Bob ? associate bob ( still type madly ) perfectly , sir . phoenix I be gonna like run this place . int . cocteau complex - cocteau lobby - night the elevator slide open . danzig , elvin and Francis spray it with gunfire . it 's empty . spartan and huxley slip in through a side door around the corner . spartan Old trick . huxley Old criminal . he look at she . she 's a little cocky . spartan step out into the hall . see a giant shadow . spartan elvin ! elvin step out . spartan shoot he through the chest . spartan think it be you . danzig and Francis look a touch more concerned . they split up . spartan move cautiously down the hall . huxley a pace or two behind . High above in a overly futuristic frieze look much the modern gargoyle , be danzig . Grins. dive on spartan . spartan be slam to the ground . we can feel the breath knock out of he . tussles with danzig as --- huxley pull out she stun baton . poke at they , pull back , poke again -- unable with the twist , turn struggle body to be sure she will not get spartan . and miss the fact that Francis be come up from behind . he slap the baton out of she hand . grab she around the neck , lift she in the air . begins to strangle she to death . she kick and claw at he without effect . spartan 's still busy with danzig . she start to choke . Francis bring she closer to watch she die . a beat of this , and huxley reach down and yank the gun out of he belt and shoot he repeatedly . half a beat later , spartan finish with danzig . the crrrunnnch of he back break . huxley 's in a state of shock . huxley this man have die at my hand . I have take all he future from he ... spartan him or you , huxley . huxley ( somewhat mollify ) there be that . int . cocteau' office - night spartan burst in , gun draw . no one 's there . spin , check everywhere . spot a very dead Raymond Cocteau . huxley see he a moment later . huxley horror . oh horror . sic Transit Raymond Cocteau . oh , John spartan , civilization as we know it will come to a end . spartan it do that every once in a while . the computer screen catch spartan 's eye . spartan what 's this ? huxley ( check it out ) ooh . this be bad . very bad . ( as spartan look over she shoulder ) he 's access the cryoprison . he 's about to defrost the entire multilifer wing . ( beat ) most of they do not like you . spartan most of they do not even like they mother . this be bad people . ( then ) how many ? huxley eighty . spartan ( beat ; dry ) we have to stop that . int . cocteau complex - cocteau lobby - night on the run , step over dead cryocon . huxley key she badgeradio --- huxley all unit , all unit . protect serve cryoprison . Simon Phoenix assume to be en route . ( lift the send button ) should I announce the demise of Doctor Raymond Cocteau ? spartan Nah . I think we be gonna cause enough panic on we own . ext . cryo prison - night prison be ringed by a high circular fence . giant stainless steel gate in front of the prison , a la the Federal Reserve , be shut tight . a dozen futuristic squad car strobe the area in red and blue . the gto rumble up . spartan get out . huxley follow suit . garcia he 's inside already . and it 's completely seal . spartan take only the briefest reconnaissance look around . shake he head sadly --- spartan this be crime against nature ... leans into the gto . pushes in the cigarette lighter . put it into neutral . wedge the accelerator down . the gto bellows . the cigarette lighter pop out and spartan use it to light the fuse on the explosive device . drop the car into gear . pull he head out just in time as it roar off . the gto smashes into the front gate . wedge itself in from the impact . half a beat later , a long , low , thunderous explosion . smoke everywhere . smoke clear ... it be not much , but a man can get through now . spartan load the spend cartridge in the gun from he ammo belt . huxley double - check she stun baton . huxley ( nervous as hell ) okay , look , I be not at all pleased to cause the fatality of that derange cryocon , but I understand now that sometimes under particular circumstance that violence be necessary ... spartan good . take the stun baton from she and nail she with it mid - sternum . spartan then you will understand this . she fall into Garcia 's arm . spartan hang on to she . see she do not get herself into trouble . garcia you too . spartan yeah . spartan turn , start towards the cryo prison . as he walk --- take a deep breath . loosen up he right shoulder . loosen up he leave . check the gun on he right hip . check the gun on he leave . they be both set to cross draw . step through the breach . int . cryo prison - outer thawing room - night a frenzy of activity . Simon , associate Bob , tech everywhere ... associate bob Doctor Cocteau would want every bit of haste from you ! ( sotto to Simon ) if he be still extant that be . seventy puck be stack and load to be defrost . Med tech scramble furiously . int . cryo prison - inner thawing room - night four puck be be rapidly remove from around the cryocon inside by the cut laser . they go blue . int . cryo prison - outer thawing room - night the inner room split open and the Med tech rush in to the four thaw cryocon as associate Bob step away from a vidscreen with some concern --- associate bob there 's be a breach in the outer gate . a intruder have enter the cryofacility and I feel it 's safe to assume it 's John spartan . Phoenix be momentarily take aback by spartan 's relent - lessness . then he look at he four new recruit . they be still kinda dopey . turn to a Med tech --- phoenix get some really wild upper ? speed , crank , amphetamine ? anything ? mo tech ( a little confuse , but ... ) we have pure megadrenalin , sir . phoenix good . whack this guy with it . a bunch . he do . they come wildly awake , gunther , howie , ignatious , and jed . eye wide , jittery , completely cranke . Phoenix keep it simple --- phoenix hey wake up . good. listen to I . you have just be defrost . it 's the future . John spartan be out that door . ( a beat ; he smoke ; this should be fun ) go kill he . gunther let out the kind of scream the NFL would be proud of . charge out the door , other behind he . int . cryo prison - lobby - night a reception desk . a chaplain 's office . a be well bas relief . very quiet , very still . spartan move cautiously through . a tiny rotate sensor pick up he presence . lock on . as spartan be look the other way . Dr. Raymond Cocteau , in holo , suddenly appear in front of the display . cocteau ( image ) greeting , and be well . he never get to say another word . spartan spin and ventilate the device with 40 mm slug . half a beat . realize what he 's do . in the next moment , four insane megadrenalize cryocon come scream through the door . barehand , barefoot . spartan shoot the first two out of hand , without a think . but before he can fire again , the second two be on he . one gun go fly . spartan beat on howie with he free hand . ignacious fight for control of he gun hand . spartan bashes howie back for a moment , continue to tussle with ignacious . finally , he 's have enough -- spartan Fine . take it . he let go of the gun . ignacious grab it and , still in shock over this turn of event , begin to fumble with it . spartan reach up with both hand and break he neck . howie leap on he from behind , try to do the same to spartan . spartan squat press down with this three hundred pound behemoth wrap around he neck , retrieve the gun out of ignacious 's stiffening finger . turn the barrel around towards himself . howie reach desperately , but it 's just out of reach . spartan fire over he shoulder . howie , or what 's leave of he , slide away ... int . cryo prison - outer thawing room - night Med tech scramble furiously . Phoenix grab the glow compuclipboard from Bob . phoenix so , who 's leave that 's good ? ooooh , Ramon gutieriz ? we gotta get he . he 's like a kid at fao schwartz . phoenix come on ... Simon jump onto one of the crane with a six claw arm . stands at the control . phoenix go ... it do . move too . Bob have to trot to keep up . int . cryo prison - stark white corridor - night a pair of double door slip silently open . spartan , a gun in each hand , slide in . he be back in the stark white corridor where he once say good - bye to he wife and daughter . look at the empty alcove . it give he the creep . he make he way to the door at the far end , and step in -- int . cryo prison - MAIN room - night spartan prowl through the now deplete multilifer wing . empty pod everywhere . the display all read : cryo prisoner exited . yeeesh . there 's a lot of they that way . a whir , follow by trotting footstep . spartan whirl . a crane whirring by and associate Bob trot behind . spartan follow . creep slowly around the corner . gun up ... come around a turn to spot Phoenix lock the arm into a puck . take aim . Phoenix see he at the same time . yank a control on the crane . the puck pivot up as spartan fire . the 40 mm bullet lodge half in , half out of the puck in front of Phoenix 's grin face . phoenix do not you understand the meaning of give up ? you be too late , John . I have get three more batch in the oven . spartan fire again . the puck barely vibrate . absorb another round beside the unharme cryocon . Phoenix unleash a entire magazine from a hk91 sling over he back . spartan fire once , dive for cover . although unhit , he get seriously frost from a pipe blow open next to he . forced to roll through the line of fire to avoid permanent freezer burn . there be pipe burst everywhere . Phoenix turn to find Bob slinking away . phoenix where the fuck you go ? associate bob I wish you good luck , sir . this be a activity that require testicles . phoenix ( consider ) true ' nuf . Ice be beginning to form on the surface of everything nearby . phoenix take that stair , I will cover you . Bob nod gratefully . do . Phoenix shake he head at Bob 's gullibility . phoenix ( sotto ; to himself ) no brain either . spartan hear footstep come . whirl . fire . blow Bob away . a momentary distraction , but it 's enough . Phoenix be go . spartan turn slowly . gun out in each direction . search . a sound . fire . no Simon . more pipe burst . it 's ten or twenty degree below zero in there already . everything be coat with supercool ice . foot become treacherous . Phoenix crawl through a jungle of pipe . get a bead on spartan 's lower body . start to strafe the area . dh uh . everything have become so slick , the recoil drive he back across the ice into the open . spartan see he , fire . the recoil slam he back against a wall . he fire again with something firm to lean on , but the recoil from Phoenix 's sputtering weapon drive he right over the edge . he drop off into the center out of spartan 's sight . slip and slide , spartan slither down the stair to -- MAIN level a familiar whirring . turn . half a beat later he be bodyslam and smashed and grab by a six - armed crane . his gun go fly , off into God know where ... spartan be hoist high in air , smashed again and again against a pillar . Phoenix slam he through a web of pipe . hold he in the freezing blast . Ice form all over spartan . he struggle . it crack off , reform . struggle again . it crack off . reforms . struggle again . he 's weaken . reaches up . grab the pipe , wrest it over , direct the blast at Phoenix . hold it steady . Phoenix be freeze in place . coat in ice . we can see the madness in he eye . everything else be still . he roar , break free . retreat from the blast . disappear as -- spartan wrench the pipe over to the claw arm . hold it directly over one joint . then clobber it with the pipe . it shatter . he drop . light be beginning to explode from the cold . it 's drop 30 degree below zero in there by now . spartan spot Phoenix on the far side of the room . hundre foot away . half a moment to catch he breath in the freezing cold , lean on expose cryopuck . it slide effortlessly . spartan hurl it across the floor at Phoenix . a five hundred pound hockey puck . Phoenix barely avoid the crush blow . it rebound back off the steel ... no point fight the element . spartan hurl himself across the floor . spin slowly twice along the way . it 's like zero grav in two dimension . no friction coefficient at all . Three quarter of a second across the floor . right hook into Phoenix 's surprised face . Phoenix go fly a hundred foot back into the far side . crashes and fall . the cryo prison creak and scream in protest from the cold . lighting , grid , strut shatter , fall about they . they hurl themselves together again . spartan land a horrific blow . all but drive Phoenix 's nose and eye socket through the back of he head . spartan 's forearm be terribly cut . the blood freeze solid as it spray , sealing the wound , and leave a giant six foot red feather spray . spartan brushes it away , break off , bleed , freeze again instantly . they fly apart again . spartan come to a stop near a tool cart . poke at the tool . one be a mtl cut laser . he have no idea what it be . nothing there he recognize . pick up a four foot wrench . that , he recognize . he look like a caveman . a very angry caveman . the building complain loudly . falling apart around they . more and more pipe explode , burst , it get colder and colder . 50 degree below by now . Phoenix , on the far side , also scramble for a weapon . he see a mtl as well , but he know what it be . fire it up . focus three inch cut beam come out . rip off the top cover , pull out five optical element , pull out the choke tube , rip the whole front off the mtl . do not look very sleek now . fire it . a thirty foot long spray of white white magnesium - thermite flame come fly out . one swipe , he clear the ice from a path he can walk towards spartan on . Metal bar melt away as the thermite flare cross through they . on the top level of the cryo prison , the first batch of rave psychopath defrost cryocon wander in to watch John spartan die . this be the most deprave , frightening - look group of individual you have ever see in you life . angry cryocon spartan !!! many angry cryocon kill he !! kill he !!!!! spartan look up at they . like he need this shit ... Simon continue to melt himself a path across the floor towards spartan . the heat from the mtl be furious . the difference between the 2000 degree plus and 80 degree below be more than any metal can handle . fissure appear in giant lightning strike crack in all direction where the mtl hit . every bit of ice in the building melt . Water boil away instantaneously in the path of the mtl . spartan have nowhere to run . and nothing but a big fuck club . to he leave he suddenly see a empty chamber . except this one be never fill . the display read : ready for cryo . there 's a tiny white chip in the vial inside the vacuum bell . spartan look at it . it 's like a very bad memory come back . but he know what it be and know what it do . smash the vacuum bell with the wrench . Simon grow closer . spartan bashes the robot arm out of the way . pick up the vial . look around desperately . no point use it if it 's go to kill he too . grab the grid of the floor above he . heaves himself up . Simon lift the mtl towards he . it almost reach up to the landing above . spartan hurl the vial at Simon 's foot . it shatter . nothing happen . the heat from the mtl have boil off all the water in a ten foot circle nearby . the mtl flame come closer . in a moment spartan will get cook . instead of run away , he move closer . stands up on the railing of the second landing . and just as he clothes begin to catch fire from the heat , leap -- over the oncoming thermal flame as it arc up towards he . and over and past Phoenix . spartan land behind he , come around with a elbow into Phoenix 's kidney , cause Phoenix to drop the mtl . outside they circle of heat , the tiny chip hit the water . melt . and again , like the opposite of watch ice shatter , the water everywhere go steel solid , stutter out in all direction . Phoenix still have a free hand . smash a nerve center on the side of spartan 's neck . spartan twitches visibly from it . grunt . spartan punch he right , leave , right in the sternum . Phoenix cough blood , spit it away . step back to launch a mighty blow at spartan and -- his heel just step into a puddle of water . the tiniest rivulet drift over , connect it to the main ice solid lock water . Simon feel he foot stick . and as he look down in consternation , realize in shock what 's happen and then look up , spartan hit he straight from the shoulder with everything he have leave , dead in the face , as Phoenix solidify . Phoenix 's head snap clean off . Hit , like a ball bear on polished steel . bounce with a clang . roll off . clang , clang , clang , clang , clang . spartan reach desperately for the still spew mtl as the rivulet close in towards he . grab onto it just in time . spin , melt off a protective circle around he . look up at the peanut gallery of cryocon . spartan all right , who 's next ??? nobody move . nobody can move . every last one be dead . frozen in place . the building continue to collapse around spartan . more light blow out . a giant beam come crash down . spartan ( a massive understatement ) I think it 's time to go . carefully melting a path to the door , spartan come through -- int . cryo prison - stark white corridor - night mtl still blaze , the hall burst into flame around he as he leave . he take no chance . continue to melt and burn he way out . ext . cryo prison - night outside the building , but still inside the gate . spartan pause , still hold the flame mtl , think about it a sec , torch the rest of the whole evil fuck place . gate as spartan step through , the mtl sputter to a halt . he toss it aside . the cryo prison burn , explode , freeze , contract , expands behind he . a far great crowd have gather . Police , citizen , scrap . they watch in silent awe and shock as spartan re-emerges . Katherine walk up . deadpan as she father -- katherine good to see you again , dad. ( kiss he on the cheek ) come by sometime for dinner . ( be : the destruction ) I will cook . he kiss she back on the cheek . she smile , they hug . lenina watch from nearby . huxley that be it ? that 's the whole kissing thing ? what be Cocteau so worried about ? spartan grab she . lay a real kiss on she . Long and hard . she come up for air , gasp , eye shiny . huxley oh. my. ( then ) be the rest of fluid transfer activity like this ? spartan ( beat ; dry ) better . huxley ( beat ) better ??! oh. my. she kiss he . Long and hard . break . huxley welcome to the future , John spartan . now that you have destroy everything . he throw a arm over she shoulder . they turn and walk away . they head off into the sunrise ... spartan yeah , I think I be gonna like it here . ( a beat ; then ) there 's one thing I want to know though . how do that damn three seashell thing work ? and as the music come up and obscure she explanation we -- fade out . the end