den of thieve written by christian gudegast February 6 , 2016 draft de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 1 . black screen . silence . which be then break by a coarse voice as it speak to we , in distinct californiaese . the voice be that of a old - timer . his word and tone bespeak a life live hard , illicitly , and unhealthily . and yet with joy . the sense one get be , he would not have have it any other way , that he path through life , be choose ... by he . although we do not see he yet , he be willy lump lump , 60 . and he will tell we , tell someone , all they need to know . willy lump lump ( v.o. ) ...to this day , when I just think of robbing a bank , I get a boner . I get butterfly ... now that 's love ... see , whatever it be you decide to do in life , do it because you love it ... int . cell - day 1 and now we see he . willy lump lump look right at we . his be a face one do not forget . a face that inspire ... article , novel , movie . like the one we be about to see . willy lump lump .-. I fucken love robbing bank . unfortunately for I , it happen to be illegal . that 's why I be sit here talk to you . kinda a bummer , but then again , whatever ... a title read , '' Federal correctional Institute , Terminal Island . San pedro , California . '' willy lump lump ( cont ’d ) there be 5 rule to robbing a bank . and that 's the first rule . do it for the love . for the do of the thing . make it you masterpiece . like Ali , ludwig Van , musashi , plato , Da vinci . make it you rumble in the jungle , you 9th , you samurai sword , you apology , you mona Lisa ... do not do it for the money . or because you be piss off at the world and you wanna do the whole bullshit whoop de whoop gangster thing , and you wanna shoot somebody . like that whack job amateur in North Hollywood . ( more ) ( continued ) de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 2 . continued : 1 willy lump lump ( cont ’d ) they have it go good for a while , but then they fuck it all up because they want to shoot it out with the cop , because they probably could not get any ass and have small cock . if mommy do not treat you good , go start a fire or some shit . but do not rob a bank ... willy take a sip of he piping hot coffee . the coffee mug be metal , and small . he wear a orange jumpsuit emblazon with black , fade block letter across it that read '' fci '' . in the unseen surround environ , the cold , reverberant , hollow sound of prison can be hear . willy lump lump ( cont ’d ) second rule , do not do chump change . whether you steal 1 dollar , or 100 million , the length of you visit to Hotel Federal prison will be the same . so when you pick you score , make sure it do not come with fries and a shake . make sure it 's so much goddamn money , stuff it in you pocket be not a option ... the third rule , once you get the money , do not spend it . because remember , you do not do it for the money . and if you spend it , you will run out . and if you run out , you will become a junkie . because you ’1l1 want more . and if you want more , you will make mistake ... junky come in all shape and size , not all of they crack Ho 's ... willy take a drag from a cig . do not bother ashing . Old , diffuse tat dot he forearm . the thick black -rimm glass he wear , '' mafias '' , id he as a convict of high stand . willy lump lump ( cont ’d ) the fourth rule . prepare for the worst . because if shit do not go accord to plan , which it will not , and drama start pop off , which it will , you better be down for the get down , homeboy ... willy finally exhales . the voice of a young man we do not see , ask willy the same question some of you may have . voice what 's the last rule ? you say 5 . willy crunch he eye , hold he hand up , annoyed . ( continued ) de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 3 . continued : ( 2 ) 1 willy lump lump you in some sort of a rush ? the voice do not respond . willy take another sip of he coffee , savor it . in a rush , willy be not . willy lump lump ( cont ’d ) the last rule . willy take a long drag from he cig , then exhales slowly . willy lump lump ( cont ’d ) when you get catch , honky ... ( wave cig back and forth while slowly shaking he head ) no share shower ... then gesticulates for emphasis by jutting the cig at we face . willy lump lump ( cont ’d ) push flower . ext . CITY street - dawn High above the Los Angeles basin . so high , the city spread out below we like the Thomas guide . camera push down on the vapor light that line endless boulevard . on the horizon , dawn approach . a title read , '' 2400 time a year . 44 time a week . 9 time a day . every 48 minute , a bank be rob here ... this be the real bank -robbery capital of the world ... " only a few vehicle out this time of day . come in on one of they -- a brink armore truck . it wind the barren street . title read , '' Los Angeles '' . int . armore truck - dawn four brink employee inside . two up front -- driver , drive , and messenger , riding shotgun . the hopper and the swamper in back . nextel radio perch atop they shoulder . sidearm issue to all . a ar-15 carbine slotted up front . nobody talk . too early for that . the Driver struggle to keep he eye open . he start to nod off , when the truck swerve . Messenger hit he arm . Driver 's eye snap back open . ( continued ) de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 4 . continued : 3 driver shit. sorry . the armore truck pull into a parking lot . Messenger and swamper hop out . Driver and Hopper remain in the vehicle . ext . donut shop , gardena - dawn a title read , '' gardena . 5:14 be '' . the only sound hear be that of the truck engine idling . armore truck 's Pov -- Messenger and swamper order , pay the korean guy behind the counter inside . on driver -- stare blankly ahead . Messenger and swamper exit , coffee and box of donut in hand . quiet still . Driver 's hand reach for the '' unlock '' button . on messenger -- 10 foot from the armore , hand full . another morning , another do nut run . same as every other day . almost . sound approach . engine . Driver 's hand pause just above the unlock button . 2 suv' emerge from the dark , light off , and come to stop to the front and rear of the armore , blocking it in . door fly OPEN and men emerge -- 1 from the front suv and 2 from the rear , they body cover in black bdus and kevlar body armor , gas mask covering face . they level shotguns and hk assault rifle at the brink guy . this outlaw move in a precise military like fashion , cover field of fire . on messenger -- literally freeze in indecision . tension rack he body , he hand grip he jumbo coffee too tight . his eye go to the sidearm on he belt . albeit unfortunate , occasion like this do fit within the particular of he job description . he 's suppose to do something here . but can not . on driver -- fumble with he nextel , frantic , can not get the word out fast enough - driver ( into nextel ) - 3170 !! we 're be held up be held up - Hit a 911 beacon in the dash , then suddenly can not speak anymore as a monster of a man , outlaw # 1 , rush he , jump onto the hood of the armore . on outlaw # 2 and # 3 -- rush Messenger and swamper , barrel aim right at they head . ( continued ) de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 5 . continued : 4 on messenger -- hand about to crush he piping hot coffee . outlaw#2 don't fucking move ! you make ten -fifty a hour ! it isn ’t worth it ! outlaw # 3 ( to tremble Messenger ) relax home , we be not here for you . on driver -- look up at outlaw#l aiming a hk-416 right at he through the '' bulletproof '' window . God do he hope it be . outlaw #1 ( muffle by the gas-mask ) armor - piercing round be chambered in this firearm . do not be the idiot that 's go to force I to prove it ! just hit the unlock and step away from the truck ! Driver hesitates , quivering , foot a inch above the gas pedal . outlaw#1 ( cont ’d ) fucking do it !! now !! on messenger -- hand shaking violently , when he involuntarily crush the cup of coffee . the steaming hot liquid spill all over he hand and leg . he scream in pain and make a untimely flinching motion -- boom . outlaw # 2 do not hesitate . Messenger 's shoulder and neck be blow apart . he drop . donut spill . swamper horror . driver punch it . slam into the front suv , grind it forward . outlaw#1 lurch forward from impact , spill onto the armore 's roof . he grab for anything to hold on to . on outlaw driver -- in the front suv , try in vain to peel off . the armore be too powerful . on outlaw #1 -- pull himself back onto the hood . gain balance . aim the hk into the windshield and unload . the high - pitch round be deafen . the windshield and driver be obliterated . on outlaw #2 -- bring the butt of he shotgun across swamper 's jaw . swamper collapse . outlaw driver hop out of the suv with a sledgehammer . he jump onto the armore 's hood and swing it into the armore truck windshield , caving the windshield in . ( continued ) de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 6 . continued : ( 2 ) 4 gunshot be fire from within the armore -- Hopper . outlaw # 1 toss in a flashbang . a blast of light and SOUND . outlaw # 1 ( to outlaw Driver ) get in get in !! outlaw Driver slip through the windshield into the cab . Hit '' unlock '' , push out the body of the driver . outlaw # 2 and # 3 rush the rear of the armore , rip OPEN the rear door . smoke billow out of the armore . Inside , Hopper 's ear bleed . he choke violently . outlaw # 1 hop in the armore passenger seat . outlaw Driver throw the armore into gear . as outlaw # 2 drag Hopper out onto the pavement , 3 gardena PD cruiser squeal to a halt in the middle of the street , 50 meter back . Doors swing open . uniformed gardena cop OPEN FIRE with there .9mm sidearm . the round ping off of the armore and pavement . outlaw#2 spin toward the cop , drop to a seated - firing position , and open FIRE . outlaw # 3 drop he shotgun , present he .45 , and unload he clip . they hk round be deadly accurate , rip through the gardena PD cruiser 's door , dropping 1 cop . outgun , the cop ball up for cover , do not return fire . outlaw#2 lets go lets go lets go ! outlaw # 2 and # 3 sprint for the suv while the cop 's gunfire be suppress . suddenly , 3 , 4 sheriff dept crown vic respond onto the scene , tire smoking as they brake to stop . cop jump out with ar -15 carbine , OPEN FIRE on the suspect . outlaw # 1 they got carbine !!! the high -velocity round ricochet and tear into the suv . outlaw#3 be hit in the groin and neck as he tries to jump into the suv . he drop , scream drown out by gunfire . outlaw # 1 ( cont ’d ) motherfucker ! outlaw # 2 take cover , desperate to reload , then return fire . a blizzard of zipping lead fill the dawn AIR . outlaw#2 I ’m almost out !!! ( continued ) de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 7 . continued : ( 3 ) 4 if something be not do fast , they 's 1ll never get out of here . so outlaw # 1 flip he hk 416 onto '' full - auto '' , hop out of the armore , walk directly at the cop , and open FIRE . outlaw#1 peel off the entire clip on full auto , blowing up the crown VIC windshield and hood . shell-casings bounce off the street at he foot . a few round thump into he body armor , expelling the AIR from he lung . clip do , he drop it out , rip a fresh clip off he torso , pop it in , and repeat . all in one fluid motion . empty the next clip . the cop return fire no more , press into the pavement . outlaw # 1 turn , run back in the armore . outlaw #2 toss smoke grenade into the STREET , cloud the cop visual , cloaking they exfil , jump into the suv . both the armore and suv peel away from the scene . int . armore truck - dawn outlaw # 1 rip off he gas mask . outlaw # 1 how the fuck that chase car here ?!! this be ray merrimen , 38 , and clearly the leader . his muscular neck and ferocious demeanor belie great intelligence that can be see in that hard , icy blue eye . he 's very , very dangerous , yes . but not wild . calculate . he key a nextel '' push - to - talk '' phone : merrimen ( into nextel ) greenpeace , this be repeat offender . need you eye . merrimen look out the window , scan the skie above . outlaw driver we clean ?! merrimen so far . hug the airport , take the tunnel . merrimen speak into a mic protrude from beneath the kevlar . merrimen ( cont 'd ) ( into chest mic ) lava , this be repeat offender . pull off now ! 10 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 8 . ext . CITY street - dawn 6 the armore and suv barrel down the early morning street at 80 + mph . the suv bail out onto a side -street . the armore hit a hard right , enter a tunnel . ext . hawthorne street - dawn 7 the suv roll to a quiet stop in a residential neighborhood . outlaw#2 quickly wipe down the interior of the suv with windex and baby - wipe . pour gasoline on the dash , steering wheel and seat . walk away from the suv . he peel out a car - key tape to he chest , quietly stick it into the door of a nondescript toyota minivan park there . hop in and drive off , unnotice . in the distance , siren can be hear . ext. / int . crenshaw blvd . tunnel - dawn 8 the roar of the armore 's engine reverberate throughout the tunnel as they tear away from the scene , desperate to evade the response . merrimen 's head be on a swivel clocking the street . in the armore -- they round a curve in the tunnel . 95 mph . the tunnel empty back onto the city street . merrimen we be clean ! int . '' pacific horizon freight '' 3 pl warehouse / office - dawn 9 bosco sit in a vast warehouse office , in front of a laptop . read there '' signature '' on the datong system that display a live map - grid feed of the street , all cop car and there exact location displayed . bosco key a radio , guide they through the gauntlet of respond cop . bosco ( into radio ) go right on doty , right on doty ! int . armore truck - dawn 10 outlaw Driver follow bosco 's direction . they stop in a alley , kill the light , as a close call whizhes past they . tension . they drive the last few block to the safety of ... 11 12 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 9 . ext . '' third world '' industrial district , wilmington —- dawn 11 a sea of business park , industrial warehouse , refinery , tank - farm all divide by pot-hol street . the vincent thomas bridge loom overhead . a coyote scurries as the armore approach . it back into one of the warehouse . int . '' pacific horizon freight '' 3 pl warehouse - dawn 12 outlaw # 2 and a tongan cargo hard shut the warehouse slide door . the Toyota minivan already park inside . outlaw # 2 hit several number on a security keypad , secure the building . beep -beeping SOUND as the armore reverse in and park . '' Pacific Horizon freight '' be write on the warehouse wall . a few samoan and tongan dockworkers man the vast warehouse , home to a 3 pl , '' third Party logistic '' , shipping - freight biz . the outlaw be exhaust . no one speak as they strip off kevlar , gas mask , body armor , the mood tense . around they : stack of empty pallet , shrink - wrap freight , forklift , high - tech security equipment , radio , stripped car , gas can , pvc piping , highway flare , a weight bench ... fluorescent buzz 28ft overhead , give we we first clean glimpse of this armed robbery crew : see before , merrimen , the leader . outlaw # 2 pull off he gear , revealing enson levoux . fierce , fat , big , samoan . with corn-row . merrimen 's '' lieutenant '' . they laptop datong navigator , bo '' bosco '' ostroman , 42 . a barrel - chest whiteboy from huntington . '' peni '' ink beside some fade military tat on he thick arm . lastly , the outlaw Driver , donnie alison , 33 , edgy white guy , quiet - type , which be usually the most dangerous , just not in this case . they do not come much more intimidating than this . everyone wear surgical glove when handle the armore . merrimen checked for tracker ? ( enson nod '' of course '' ) do it again . enson slip beneath the truck 's underbelly , sweep the entire chassis and engine with a frequency scanner . enson nothing . it 's one of the old model . ( continued ) de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 10 . 12 continued : 12 donnie stand over a garbage can and puke . he look at he hand -- still shaking with adrenaline . merrimen ( to bosco ) and you be clean ? ( bosco shrug , look to enson ) I ask you . not he . be you ? bosco - yeah . ran figure 8's . no fleas ... merrimen 's eye burn into bosco . finally : merrimen why do not we know about the chase car ? how do the call get through - enson —- Ray . all head turn to enson . no one usually speak when merrimen be this hot , because it just do not happen . enson ( cont 'd ) we know the risk . shit pop off . we handle it ... that 's it . merrimen do not respond . then to bosco : merrimen get back over there , see who respond . probably lasd . they 's 1ll supercede gardena ... if it 's Major crime , we get a problem . bosco pull on a hoodie , grab a digital camera , and leave . merrimen and donnie turn they attention to the armore truck . bullethole riddle it 's side . donnie shut off the engine . merrimen run he hand over the bullethole : merrimen ( cont 'd ) patch this up . need it like new . donnie nod . merrimen circle the truck , inspect it thoroughly . he stop behind the rear door . pop open the latch , and swing open the door . Inside ... nothing . it 's empty . ( continued ) 12 13 14 15 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 11 . continued : ( 2 ) 12 enson you good ? merrimen look over the truck one last time . nod : merrimen «+ . we be cop killer now ... his word hang in the air . hold on he . title read , '' merrimen '' . int . nick be F - 150 truck - dawn 13 close on a pair of eye . they be open really wide . and the pupil dilate . Black saucer . pull back to reveal '' big nick '' flanagan , 41 , white , cock -strong muscle , the kind that come from genetics , not from do a lot of rep on cybex machine at bally 's . he 's sport a rolex , a bit of bling , couple tat , get a shave head a bushy ZZ - top style goatee , and the bad skin that accompany too many cycle of ' roid . Nick dump visine in he eye while drive . fast. Zip through LA 's South Bay street by braille , do not bother even peek at the road ahead . all window be down . he breathes into he hand , check he breath . fumble around he glovebox for gum . find some , pop it in he mouth . he 's do a decent job pull himself together , despite the fact that he look like he 's spend the last week on the dark side . Nick dial down the radio as he turn onto a work - class suburban residential street . kill the light and engine before coast quietly into a driveway , park . ext . nick 's house , redondo beach - dawn 14 Nick take he boot off , walk barefoot up to he house , a single - story '' modern '' build in the 50' , typical of suburban SoCal . yet with nouveau upgrade -- fountain , marble column frame the front door , plexi-hoop court in back , and lot of gangster have - out land yacht park on the lawn . int . nick 's house - dawn 15 the jangle of key . but they do not work . Nick try in vain to open the back pantry door . opt to jimmy open a window instead , crawl and squeeze he way through it . his clothes catch and tear on something . he silently curse himself . tip-toes into the kitchen . it 's quiet and dark . only a few night-light on . the house be home to a family , as kid 's toy and baby stuff be scattered throughout . ( continued ) 15 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 12 . continued : 15 Nick gingerly open the fridge , bend down to see what 's on the menu when a crashing SOUND shatter the quiet . he cringe , squeeze he eye shut . then peek down -- a handgun lie at he foot , fall out of he waistband . he carefully pick it up , set it on the counter with wallet and key . listen in the house . all remain quiet . phew . he grab a water , gulp it down while check he cell . he erase all '' recent call '' , when he freeze . get a weird feel someone 's there . turn he head , and gasp . a woman sit in the nearby dark , watching he . Nick clutches he chest , sigh in relief . big nick Jesus Christ , babe , scared the shit out of I ! I might have shot you . can not do that . his wife , debbie , late 30 , once hot and sweet , now jade and sleep - deprive , sit with she leg and arm cross , and she hair - extension ball up in a clip . debbie can not do what ? big nick creep up on I like that . debbie you erase you recent call ? Nick start to get nervous , scramble . big nick erase ? what do you mean ... ( hold up he cell ) the phone ? I do not know how to work this fuck thing , you know that - Debbie imitate he , repeat he line while grind she jaw and bounce it back and forth just like he . exactly like he . debbie '' I do not know how to work this fuck thing . " Nick slump back , sigh deeply , play the victim . big nick Babe , we really have to do this right now — ( continued ) 15 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 13 . continued : ( 2 ) 15 debbie - where you be ? it 's 6am . ( make quote with she finger ) '' work '' ? a surveillance ? robbing drug dealer ? you smell like a stripper . Nick throw he hand up , at a loss . big nick yeah . and I be out bang hooker ... ( incredulous ) of course I be at work ! Debbie stand , feed up , walk up to he . she hold she cell to he face . a text message be up on the screen . debbie oh really ? '' that be so hot " ? Nick see the text he send . to he wife . at 5 be . whoops . Nick do not respond . he shift , now crawl out of he skin , can not come up with a story fast enough . debbie ( cont ’d ) you use to have such tight game ... Debbie shake she head in disgust . tear pool in she eye . debbie ( cont 'd ) feel so sorry for you . you pathetic , dope fiend whore . Debbie walk off in tear , disappear into the bedroom . Nick bury he face in he hand , rub he temple . take a deep , long , stress breath . shake he head at himself . he notice 2 packed suitcase by the front door . hear commotion in the bedroom . his kid 's voice . Debbie be waking they up . big nick ( hushed , to himself ) what the .... Debbie usher they 2 daughter , mckenna , 7 , cassady , 3 , out the door . the girl be still half - asleep , teary and confuse by what 's go on . Deb scoops cassady up into she arm . debbie ... it 's ok honey , we be go to auntie 's house . daddy have to do some work to the house and it 'il be too loud for you guy . ( continued ) 15 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 14 . continued : ( 3 ) 15 Nick try to cut she off at the door , whisper to she . but Deb can not get they out of there fast enough . big nick woah woah woah . wifey , what be you do ?! seriously - Debbie just blow right over any acknowledgement of what 's actually go down . she 's move out , and take the kid with she . and there 's nothing else to say about it . mckenna be daddy come with we ? debbie daddy do not have time for we right now . big nick oh that 's good . well say . ( to mckenna ) mommy do not mean that . the situation be such that , Nick do not know what the hell to say , or do . all he know be , it suck . big nick ( cont 'd ) I can not come right now sweetheart , but I nil see you a little later , ok ? come here - mckenna and Nick reach to hug one another , but Debbie grab mckenna 's hand and whisk she right out the door . big nick ( cont 'd ) Deb , for Christ sake , can you slow it down a second ?! nope . into the car they go , despite she daughter 's protest . Debbie situate the girl in the car seat , then turn back to the house to grab she bag . Nick walk beside she , try to conceal from he girl the fact that he 's about to rip they mother 's head off . big nick ( cont 'd ) ( hiss in a whisper ) have you lose you fuck mind , woman ?! what the fuck ?! debbie oh that 's nice , drop f-bomb in front of my daughter . good father . ( continued ) de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 15 . 15 continued : ( 4 ) 15 Debbie do not bother keep she voice down . as if she want she daughter to know she reality . big nick shhhh ! quiet , Christ ! ( throw he hand up ) '' my '' ? what the -— debbie - gonna find I a man whose cock actually get hard . Nick snap a internal gasket . his face turn so red , it 's almost blue . but somehow , he keep a lid on it . Debbie grab she bag , rush back to the car . Nick pace in circle . he go to he wife just before she get into the car , reach for she , plead with she : big nick Deb , stop . seriously , please do not do this - Debbie explode with pent up pain , and unleash on she husband . she punch and claw at he like a banshee . Nick just back - pedal and try to evade she onslaught . debbie you motherfucker !!! stay away from I !!! big nick Nice job . Nice . good stuff . Debbie scream , hysterical . tear and upset stream down she face . as she jump behind the wheel , both mckenna and cassady start balling . a marriage disintegrate , right before we eye . big nick ( cont ’d ) perfect . the car 's tire chirp as Debbie throw it in reverse , then she punch it , and Nick 's family disappear down the street . Nick stand there in he driveway , unmove , stare into space , feel like the world 's biggest asshole . look around he property , eye glaze over , like it 's a alien planet . one of the neighbor , a old man in a tracksuit , come out he front door and mad-dogs Nick . surely do not appreciate , nor approve of , the baby mama drama . Nick wave to he : ( continued ) 15 16 17 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 16 . continued : ( 5 ) 15 big nick ( cont ’d ) Morning . as Nick slowly walk back inside , a title read , '' Big Nick '' . int . nick's house - morning 16 Nick plop down on the couch . he feel the fresh scratch and welt on he face , pull out he cell phone , check the now infamous text . his eye slowly look around at he kid toy , at the photo on the wall of he and Debbie all dolled - up on some beach in the island . and he body go numb . Nick sit there like that , alone , for a long , painful moment . then he cell vibrate . and vibrate . finally , he check it . squint he eye at the number . answer . big nick yip ? Nick listen , do not at all like what he 's hearing from the other end . then he hang up . Nick shut he eye , and sigh , deep and long ... ext . randy 's donut shop , gardena - morning 17 a blacked - out , lifted ford F -150 truck fly into a red zone , park . Big Nick hop out , pull on a blazer , slide on a pair of von Zipper shade , pop a stick of gum in he mouth , and saunter toward a crime scene . at Randy 's do nut shop . slip underneath sawhorse and yellow '' police line , do not cross '' tape . he 's stop by a hyper-vigilant gardena cop . gardena cop hey , big guy , this be - big nick - guy ? Nick stop dead . glare at the young copper . flashes a sheriff' department badge in he face . big nick be a cop . gardena cop sorry , lieutenant . it 's cool . it 's cool ? Nick just shake he head . big nick no not cool . go write a jay- walk ticket or something ... ( more ) ( continued ) 17 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 17 . continued : 17 big nick ( cont 'd ) ( mumble ) ... geek . Nick have sober himself up and shake off the morning 's drama , almost on command . come from practice . get the sense here that yes , he 's a hard - charge wild - man . but he 's a hard - charge at everything he do . which in he line of work , mean he 's good . very . Nick survey the hectic scene : ambulance , shell - casing everywhere , emt , the trash suv , body of the driver and messenger lie on the ground in unnatural position ... he walk up to a group of men surround outlaw #3 , who lie on the asphalt in a pool of he own blood . big nick ( cont 'd ) that look like it hurt ... ( nod to the man ) good morning , fellow officer . all the guy in the group nod and mumble monosyllabic greeting in unison , annoyed they be up this early . big nick ( cont ’d ) all bright - eye and bushy - tail , I see . this be the regulator . Big Nick 's crew . los angele sheriff department metro robbery-homicide detail . a sub - division within the department that operate with impunity . a gang with badge . they have get they own tattoo , hand sign , everything . it 's a very , very fine line that separate this guy from the gangster they take down . '' dragnet '' they be not . meet they : gus hendrix , 33 , a og from Long Beach who always smell good and dress incredibly well . but beneath the gorgeous suit be a aggressive , genetic freak who long ago master the art of intimidation on the mean street of South Los . murphy '' MURPH '' connor , 48 , the salty dog here . a big , pock - mark irishman from oxnard sport sweat , and a silk shirt with a Roman Emperor theme . he 's terrify of the water and have never surf a day in he life , despite the fact that he grow up across the street from the beach . he stick to sport that be play indoors , like box , which explain the angle of he nose , and drink , which explain he hangover . benny '' borracho '' megallon , 40 , a no-bullshit veterano from East Los who have a serious drink problem , gambling problem , woman problem ... name the vice . ( continued ) 17 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 18 . continued : ( 2 ) 17 and '' tony Z '' zapata , 38 , a irreverent , dry -witted pussy - hound from the Valley who 's good look and better humor belie a drive , tough , focus cop . outlaw # 3 moan slightly . he 's still alive , barely . his face be drain of almost all color , the gape wound in he groin have ble out profusely . big nick ( cont ’d ) I take it he 's a bad guy ? tony Z you mean the guy with the black body armor , machine - gun and gas mask ? big nick otfl . we know who he be yet ? MURPH ( Murph shake he head ) Rough night ? big nick yes . next subject . gus you be not lookin 's so hot there , bubba . Nick lift he sunglass . they see he bang up face . tony Z I think he look amazing . big nick I get enough toxin in I to turn the Gaza Strip into a gay pride parade . gus better start down the kombucha and pom - juice , big man , we gotta piss test Friday . borracho Thursday . big nick oh , and like you Mormons have be drink frescas and green tea and do wheat grass shot all month . please ... I get 48 hour . that 's a eternity . Nick look at they . they be stare at he , munch on donut . ( continued ) de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 19 . 17 continued : ( 3 ) 17 big nick ( cont ’d ) get any more of that ? I be starve . borracho ( mouth full ) check the box . a blood -stained donut BOX lie near the fall Messenger . Nick reach for it , find a glaze , inhale it . big nick we get anything out of he ? gus try . not gonna get a goddamn thing . he might bleed out in another minute or two . Nick bend down to get a closer look of he . big nick ( to outlaw # 3 ) how you feel there , champ ? not to good ? want a medic ? i’1l make you a deal . you tell I the name of all the bad guy that get away , and I 'il get you a medic . outlaw # 3 ( mumble through bloody tooth ) ... I be not a punk . cop faggot ... Nick glance over at the dead body of the brink man , look back to outlaw #3 , check he pulse . he 's still alive . barely . a emt hurry toward they to assist . Nick and the other share a look . they wave off the emt . tony Z he 's go , buddy . we get it here . emt Officer , would you please step aside - MURPH - it 's under control , son . Murph subtly block the emt 's way . big nick you hear what he say !? hurry along now . Gus crouch beside the body , block he view . the emt get the picture . he slowly back away , leave . 18 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 20 . ext . CITY street , gardena - morning 18 100 meter down the boulevard , a safe distance away , a nondescript Mazda pull to the curb , bosco at the wheel . bosco look through a digital nikon camera , zoom in on the donut shop . the motor-drive whir as he document the crime scene , then disappear back into morning traffic . on big nick and the regulator -- Nick pick up a spend shell - case , inspect it , impressed . big nick tungsten carbide . jackete . that 's no joke . gus ( motion to the 2 down gardena PD across the street ) cut through they vest like butter . borracho ambushed ’em while they be pick up breakfast . surrounded the truck , brink Driver try to do what he 's pay to do . the tungsten round go straight through the windshield , take he out . they take off with the truck . gardena PD lose they under hawthorne Municipal . big nick they know the route . picked it because it 's right next to the Municipal airport , know the restrict air space mean no ghetto bird air support . smart ... talk to brink ? how much they get away with ? MURPH they be en route to a bofa pick up for a fed drop ... there be nothing in the truck . big nick nothing in the truck ? ( they all shake they head ) they steal a fuck empty armored car ? ( pause ) why the firework ? ( continued ) 18 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 21 . continued : 18 borracho one of the brink cat say the Messenger go for he gun , and that 's when it pop off . big nick genius ... ( pause ) the suv ? print , run the plate , anything ? gus it 's a cold car . vin and registration tag be scratch off . license plate be register to no one . no print . nothing . big nick ( motion to outlaw # 3 ) he dead yet ? Murph lightly kick outlaw # 3 . no response . he bend down , check he pulse . nothing . he shut outlaw # 3 's eye . big nick ( cont ’d ) lift print , see who he roll with . a Crown Vic pull up , and 3 men step out . Nice new haircut , bad suit , freshly shaven . the feds , LA bank squad . a collective grunt and sigh from we boy . big nick ( cont 'd ) I can not deal with this retard factory right now . can one of you handle it ? ( they all play dumb , look away ) all right ... witnesses ? do nut shop guy ? any video surveillance ? talk to dot ? gus not much , but we will get it . big nick pull it all together , meet at the office . Gus and the regulator nod , leave the scene as '' lobbin 's bob '' golightly approach . fed , 45 , stick up he ass . not a hair out of place on he head , not a stone leave unturned in he case . a cowboy 's , like Nick , worst nightmare . bob '' Big Nick '' . in the flesh . ( continued ) de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 22 . 18 continued : ( 2 ) 18 big nick '' lobbin Bob . '' how 's that mean tennis game ? no response . Nick imitate a forehand swing . Nick look Bob up and down , give he a thumb up . big nick ( cont 'd ) that 's a really nice suit you get there . where would you pick that up ? bob not at canali . can not afford it . always do wonder how you and you boy do it . big nick ( motion to he blazer ) this piece of shit ? na , this be garbage . look at you . that thing 's tit . you must pull all kind of ass sportin’ that . this two be just oil and water . bob it 's too early for you circus . I do not like you , or how you handle - big nick - what 's up with that ? I like you ! ( lightly hit Bob 's shoulder ) aside from the fact that you be a vegetarian - bob - vegan . big nick I be sorry to hear that ... what be you do here anyway ? no legal tender be steal . it be not federal . bob yet ... Bob hang on he word . big nick you pause for dramatic effect ? bob Big bad lieutenant . ( continued ) 18 19 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 23 . continued : ( 3 ) 18 big nick can I go now , dad ? I be kinda hungry . Nick walk into Randy 's to buy donut . int . lasd headquarters , major crime - day 19 title read , '' lasd , Major crime unit . whittier . '' the regulator huddle around they desk , which be cover in a maelstrom of take - out and '' crime book '' -- thick 3 - ring binder notebooks , each one dedicated to another crime crew . a '' rogue' gallery '' of suspect surveillance photo cover the wall . Nick hold court , while eat he donut : big nick who 's run this crew ? who 's '' the head '' ? Nick tap a suspect '' photo '' tack to the wall that have no photograph , only the outline of a man 's head with a big question MARK in the middle -- '' the head '' . big nick ( cont 'd ) why steal a armore with nothing in it ? tony Z bad tip . they botch it . big nick and how do they know about a transfer from a casino to the fed , and one that be not schedule through the regular carrier . how ? gus Inside . have to be . big nick but where ? brink carrier ? the casino ? bofa ? the fed ? fuckin 's do nut shop ? who ? tony Z merrimen . big nick armore car ? and empty one ? maybe ... whoever it be , heist be a addiction . they be thrill bandit , they do not do it for the money . they do it for the rush . the sound of gunfire . the getaway . all of it ... soon enough , they will need they fix . ( more ) ( continued ) 19 20 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 24 . continued : 19 big nick ( cont 'd ) ( to tony Z ) we still get a tail on that fng he crew be hang with ? that alison kid ? tony Z nod . yes , they do . int . bar , '' the hofbrau '' - night 20 one of that joint you walk into and say , '' if you put this in a movie , nobody would believe it exist . '' David Lynch on peyote could not dream up this place . but here it be ... '' the hofbrau '' . a old mexican cowboy , contrabandista haunt that 's be buy by a german family and be in the process of be transformed into a biergarten . it 's cavernous , with dark , red-lit booth in the corner . two mannequin be feature in the foyer , the '' man '' dress like a gun-sling mariachi , the '' woman '' like a bavarian St. pauli girl . and the clientele be every bit as eclectic as the decor -- the place be crawl with off - duty cop , parolee , convict , cholos with raider jersey , high -end crook . they come here to keep a ear to the street , plot out score , and get very load . come in on the bartender . it 's donnie , from merrimen 's crew . whether they be regular , or here for the second time , the customer marvel at donnie 's savant - like ability to know there order and there name . and he get it right every time . a brazilian soccer match play on a satellite - feed tv , watch by a old drunk , wolfgang , languish at the bar . wolfgang hold up a finger . donnie serve he a beck 's , when wolfgang aggressively grab onto donnie 's arm : wolfgang if it vas not for the vinter of ' 44 , they would be trinking beck 's in Moscow . wolfgang raise he eyebrow , lift he beck 's proudly . donnie you learn something every day ... last call , wolfgang . there 's a fundamental sadness that inform every aspect of donnie 's be . he 's handsome , witty and sharp , but he 's definitely experience failure . he 's now too old to hope , yet too young to have resign himself to he station in life . donnie turn to some regular at the bar -- a group of cool , blue- collar guy that make everybody laugh . there 's mack , black , wear a verizon uniform . bas , 41 , armenian , wear a blue '' waste management " jumpsuit . ( continued ) de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 25 . 20 continued : 20 as be alexi , 33 , a brazilian with cauliflower ear and a stone , infectious smile . mack how the hell you remember everybody 's order like that ? I can not even remember what year I be bear . donnie gotta be good at something , I guess . donnie crack a beer for himself . they all toast : bas to money and woman . mack that we do not have . a man whistle at donnie from behind the bar . the bar 's owner , '' ziggy '' zerhusen , 68 . Ziggy 's a strike look man -- tall , lanky limb of a former athlete , full head of gray hair , deep - set eye , tan skin , mouthful of chicklet - shape tooth . and one of that temper that come from survive the hard year ... Ziggy motion impatiently for donnie to cut it off . donnie you guy be outta here . gotta close up . a grumble chorus of '' see you later donnie '' as patron leave -- the guy , uniform cop , some shady ogs , wolfgang . wolfgang leave something on the bar -- a id tag . donnie see that wolfgang be go . he slip the id tag into he pocket . donnie approach the end of the bar where one last patron sit . he scoops up the $ 10 bill leave there . donnie ( cont 'd ) you need change ? man that 's for you , fraulein . fraulein ? donnie look up -- the generous tipper be big nick . donnie thank you , man . big nick there always so many cop in here ? ( continued ) 20 21 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 26 . continued : ( 2 ) 20 donnie do not really want to talk to this joker . be kind of look forward to clean up and just go home , but ... donnie all the time . this be they spot . big nick there be some shady cat in here . this be the last place I have think they would be . donnie it 's always be one of that place where everybody go , you know ? neutral grounds . '' Rick 's '' in casablanca . Nick notice a small sign behind the bar that read , '' loose lip sink ship '' , and a team photo of a soccer team . big nick a de of thief . you must have hear some storey in here . donnie put a few drink in a man , a nice steak on he plate , couple woman walk around ... he will tell you he shot Kennedy . big nick ai not that the truth . Nick finish he beer , set it on the bar , head out . donnie see you later . big nick look forward to it . donnie eye the big bald dude as he walk out . what be that all about ? he grab Nick 's beer , throw it away . ext./ int . parking garage - night 21 donnie walk toward a primer - grey ' 72 Z28 park there . quiet and desolate at this hour . his footstep echo in the cavernous structure . come to he car , pull out he key , unlock it . a sense of dread wash over he . but he do not know why . look around the garage . few park car . but there 's no one around . he hop in he car . shut the door . Hand -crank the window down , turn over the ignition . the sublime throaty roar of the supercharged v8 454 rumble to life . ( continued ) 21 22 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 27 . continued : 21 he feather the throttle a couple time , warming up the engine . in the way that he handle the vehicle , the train eye will recognize , donnie know how to drive . as he drop the transmission into reverse , a pair of headlight appear behind he . donnie look to he rearview -- a truck have pulled up right behind he , blocking he in . the truck 's brights be on . footstep . donnie tense , look back . a man approach . man fraulein ? donnie squint he eye . it 's the dude from the bar . big nick . donnie yeah ? next thing he know , a bolt of electricity be bounce in he face . then it zap he . donnie convulse violently , then a fist clip he jaw . his body go limp , head collapse into the dash . black screen . a title read , '' donnie . '' int . room - night 22 eye flutter . slowly open . donnie awaken . look around -- he 's in a bedroom . a motel bedroom . shitty one . stain sheet . nake bulb overhead . donnie 's lie on the bed . there 's nobody in the room . he have no clue where he be . he feel the sheet . they be wet . he sit up . he’s naked . donnie Ho ! he scramble around , desperately search for he clothes . a SOUND . a toilet flushing . follow by some giggle . his eye go to a bathroom door . sound come from in there . the door swing open . Big Nick and a blond woman stumble out . he 's zipping up he pants . she 's wiping she mouth and nose . donnie freeze . big nick fraulein ! you be up ! ( continued ) 22 23 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 28 . continued : 22 donnie cover he private . donnie where be my clothes ? big nick in the bathroom . Big Nick and the blond open a door to another room , exit . donnie quickly move for the bathroom . his clothes hang over the tub . put they on . a big yellow ring be stain on he pants . they be damp still . he cringe . he look to see if Nick be near . no one . he quickly open the bathroom window . tries to climb out . bar . block the way . he search for another way out . window over the bed . he pull back the curtain . bar again . donnie shit . the only way out be through the door Nick go through . sound . more giggle from the other room . his heart pound . he rub he eye , take a deep breath . try to get a grip . int . motel suite live room - day 23 donnie peek he head in the seedy motel live room . his eye widen slightly . the regulator . all of they . engage in activity unbecome of a officer -- drink , smoking , and whatever else . Gus , tony Z , and borracho be count money . Murph crack open and inspect what look to be a brick of coke . a few gold - plate handgun be pile on the table . look like they rob a drug dealer . what donnie find particularly interesting be the fact that they all have badge hang from they neck . a Barry White groove drift in from another room . from which a few trick come and go . gus look what the cat drag in . whassup gangsta ?! have a seat . donnie hesitates . Gus pull out a chair for he . gus ( cont 'd ) kick it with we , nigga . welcome . ( continued ) 23 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 29 . continued : 23 donnie sit . Murph plop a huge chrome - plate sig .45 on the table , kick he foot up . MURPH how 's you head , Chief ? donnie um ... it 's all right . I be sorry . you might have I confuse with somebody else . I - MURPH - you want a blow job ? donnie ah ... I be good . MURPH you gay ? donnie no . MURPH then why not ? donnie get a glimpse outside . see a parking lot and neon sign . he 's in a motel . that much he know . donnie can somebody just tell I why my clothes be off ? Nick sit down , amused with himself . raise he eyebrow . donnie ( cont 'd ) be this some sort of ... homo deal ? ( they all start chuckle ) ... what ? big nick be you hole sore ? ( donnie 's eye flutter ) ..- well ? be it ? donnie can not even respond . Big Nick slap he shoulder . hard. big nick ( cont ’d ) I be just fuck with you , bubba ! you piss in you pants . I have one of the girl clean you up . all good . the bad lieutenant cackle . a wave of relief wash over he . ( continued ) de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 30 . 23 continued : ( 2 ) 23 donnie I really think you be mistake I for someone . I have to be honest - Nick throw a 8x10 surveillance photo in front of donnie . donnie look -- it 's he . next to merrimen on a CITY STREET . big nick - what be you say ? honest something ? ( get he . donnie say nothing ) we be not mistake you for anybody . gus so you do a stint at County for attempt manslaughter -- fastest speed ticket in California history . Nice . big nick fuckin 's genius . how fast be you go ? donnie -..178 . they all react -- '' oohh , damn nigga , puta madre '' . big nick what do you say to the cop who pull you over ? what reason do you give ? donnie they just paved the road ? Big Nick crack up . they all do . big nick ( point at donnie ) I like he . his pecker 's no bigger than a button on a fur coat , sad to see , but I like he . I gusta ! gus you a two striker , hot rod , which put you in a very awkward position . do it not ? you a mistake away from get sex in the ass every time you shower . and some of they niggas get gaspump . now personally speak , that just do not sound like that much fun . I do not know , you tell I . ( continued ) de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 31 . 23 continued : ( 3 ) 23 donnie ... I know the guy from the bar . he come in - big nick - bullshit ... look . Nick roll up he sleeve , show donnie a tat blasted onto he forearm . it 's of a skull with a toothy grimace , and glow eye . a bandana be wrap around the forehead , the word '' regulator '' stitched into it . one bony hand clasp a smoking revolver , the other a '' dead man 's hand '' -- ace and a eight . big nick ( cont ’d ) do you know what this mean ? it mean I be member of a clique . tony Z sorta like a gang . big nick sorta . only we have badge . which mean ... ( Nick lean forward ) you. are. done . gus he be not lie . big nick let I ask you this . do we look like the type who will arrest you , put on handcuffs ? ( start sing - song the word ) .»-- and book you down at the station , and type up paperwork , and build we case , and put on a suit for court ... Nick look to donnie for conformation . donnie shake he head . big nick ( cont ’d ) no. exactly . thank you . we just shoot you . so tell I , what the fuck be you do in that crew ? I mean , look at you dude . that dude be bad dude . ex military , great thief , but straight convict .... what 's merrimen do drink beer with you for ? talk shop ? be he gonna hit the fuckin’ hofbrau , and you be he inside guy ? ( more ) ( continued ) 23 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 32 . continued : ( 4 ) 23 big nick ( cont 'd ) take the place down , score like , what , 2 grand in 1s and 5s ? be that what 's afoot ? I will answer that for you . no. it be not . donnie look , I swear to God . I know nothing . I meet — big nick - stop. just ... shut up . Nick shut he eye , take a deep breath , sigh . he 's think . big nick ( cont ’d ) ( to tony Z ) where 's chaminade ? ( tony Z motion to back room ) chaminade ! a black hooker saunter in . chaminade -- straight up ho . Red pump . huge , sloppy fake rack . Big hair . gnarly . big nick ( cont ’d ) chaminade . this be we friend donnie . donnie , meet chaminade . chaminade run she 5 '' long fingernails through donnie 's hair . start to unzip donnie 's pants , pull they down to he ankle . chaminade hey sugar . she smile at donnie . donnie almost faint when he see , she' got a mouthful of fucked up , decaying , chipped teeth . donnie guy . seriously - big nick - she 's get a mouth like ... velvet . she start give donnie a blow job . she moan as she head bob up and down . donnie cringe , start gasp . donnie woah , guy , get she off ! please ! Nick mouth '' shhh . '' ( continued ) 23 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 33 . continued : ( 5 ) 23 big nick just enjoy the ride , bro . she 's really go at it now . the woman 's a pro . suddenly , donnie scream . chaminade have bitten down on he . her fingernails dig into he skin . donnie stop stop stop ! please ! get her off ! she bite harder . he howl in pain . his face contort . excruciate . Nick stick he thick finger in donnie 's nostril , yank he head forward . his beer-breath bathes donnie . big nick now listen to I , fuck face . we do not give a shit about you . but rest assure , she will bite you pecker clean off , because she can not fuckin’ stand whiteboy , and nothing would make she happier ... unless you rat for we , you will be miss a appendage . you decide . donnie nod over and over . his face be bett red . big nick ( cont 'd ) you in merrimen 's crew ? donnie yes . big nick you hit the stadium ? ( donnie nod emphatically ) you talkie talkie now ? donnie yes . please . yes ! chaminade eye Nick . Nick nod . she unclamp she mouth from donnie . donnie buckle forward , shaking , moan in relief . he nervously pull up he pants . she head for the door , saunter out , swish she ass back and forth . chaminade bye guy . regulator bye sweetie ! ( continued ) de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 34 . 23 continued : ( 6 ) 23 tony Z MURPH she 's great . '' take home to mom '' type . Nick tap he finger on the table . glare at donnie . donnie I be just the driver . do not carry a gun , do not do any gangster shit . I just drive - big nick why would merrimen jack a empty armored car ? donnie I have - no-fuck - clue . he 's barely ever speak to I . they do not tell I shit , and for exactly this reason . if cop come down on we , he want everyone in the dark , so we can not tell you guy anything . i’1l take a polygraph , whatever , but I be tell you , that 's all you will ever get from I , cause that 's all I know . big nick ( golf clap , impressed ) that be relatively convincing . good stuff ... when do you meet he ? donnie rub he eye . be this real ? donnie what do I get out of this ? big nick you freedom , for one . two ... ( think on how to put it ) ... you be not the bad guy , bro . ( directly at donnie , no bullshit ) we be . donnie get it . there 's no choice , really . donnie ... few month ago , this guy come in the bar a few time , and , you know , I get to know he a little bit . like everybody else , once he have a couple drink , he start talk ... 24 25 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 35 . int . hofbrau - day 24 donnie tend bar . bosco 's there , put down the Cuba donnie -.. I have get a ' 72 228 . 454 with a supercharger . I cruise up to Willow Springs every couple month and open it up a bit . bosco Nice . so you can drive a little , huh ? donnie Little bit . ran formula Atlantic for a few season back in the day ... big nick ( v.o . ) -.. what be he name ? donnie ( v.o. ) not sure . bosco be he handle . Big white dude . yoked up , arm be sleeve . he talk about be in the military for some time . worked for the dwp . we hit it off because we both grow up in so Cal . like car . bosco sip he Cuba libre , look around . he lean forward . donnie ( v.o. ) he ask I if I be interested in make a little extra cash . Said they have a job for I , '' a cherry that be ripe for pick '' . big nick ( v.o. ) who 's '' they '' ? bosco write something down on a napkin , slide it to donnie . donnie ( v.o. ) ..- merrimen . '' pomona mining CO . '' restaurant , pomona - day 25 merrimen sit in a booth overlook the 10 . bosco stand bosco -.- my boy do time with he at wayside . he 's cool . ( continued ) 25 26 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 36 . continued : 25 merrimen glance over at donnie , who wait nervously 30 foot away . merrimen finally nod at bosco . bosco wave donnie over , introduce they . they shake hand . donnie sit across from merrimen . merrimen glance at bosco . bosco take the cue , leave they alone . big nick ( v.o. ) where would you meet he ? merrimen and donnie converse quietly . donnie ( v.o . ) some restaurant way east off the 10 . all he tell I be he might have some extra work . kept everything real low -key . struck I as a very meticulous , sharp guy . he be feel I out , put together a crew . he have just get out , from what I understand . int . prison cell - day 26 willy lump lump sit before we , smoking the same cig he be when we first meet he . willy lump lump so what you gonna do out there ? reveal the person willy have be speak to . sitting across from he on a cot , be he cellie , merrimen . merrimen button up he prison- issue flannel , tie he prison- issue '' Bruce Lee '' shoe . gather he few belonging -- book , drawing , letter -- into a shoe - box . merrimen ( shrug ) bang my old lady , play it cool ... lay low . a title read , '' Feb. 9 , 2011 . Federal correctional Institute , Terminal Island . '' willy lump lump ( chuckle ) yeah right . footstep and the jangle of key approach . merrimen stand with he back to the cell door , hand behind he back in the cell - door portal . fci correction officer come to the door . fci cop all right , Ray , let cuff ’em up . ( continued ) 26 27 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 37 . continued : 26 the cell - door portal slide open . the cop reach in and handcuff merrimen . cuffed , merrimen step away from the door . fci cop ( cont 'd ) ( shout out ) 214 ! and the door to the cell be buzze open . the fci cop enter , pick up merrimen 's shoe - box of belonging . fci cop ( cont 'd ) you gonna miss you cellie , willy ? willy lump lump stretch out , rest he foot on merrimen 's now empty cot . tilt he head back , savore the extra space . willy lump lump ( cough ) .+- quite the contrary . he be not lie . the fci cop laugh , grab merrimen by the arm , lead he out . merrimen pause at the cell door , look to willy : merrimen you never tell I which rule you break . willy meet merrimen 's gaze , raise he eyebrow : willy lump lump all of they ... see you soon , wood . merrimen nod , then grin at he friend . merrimen no you will not . willy laugh out loud . the cell door shut , lock willy inside . merrimen peer through the door . he and Willie share a final moment . then merrimen be lead back to freedom . stay on willy , now alone in he cell , smoking he cig . he exhales , long and slow ... willy lump lump that 's what they all say .... he stamp out he cig , lie on he cot , and shut he eye . ext . federal correctional institute , terminal island - day 27 title read , '' San pedro , California . '' ( continued ) 27 28 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 38 . continued : 27 merrimen be buzze out of the prison 's front gate . he step outside into the hazy sun , a free man . stand there in the parking lot wait for he , be he old lady . holly. 30 , white , stripper hot . she lean against the suburban , bubbling over with nervous excitement . she 's dress provocatively , she tit on display . merrimen walk toward she like he 's crossing a minefield . he squint he eye , the sunlight painful . Holly tear up as they meet , and embrace . it 's a touch , albeit awkward moment . because it never life up to promise . she kiss he , look he over . his skin be so white , it look grey . holly you look great , baby . they both know he look like shit . he 's hesitant , distant , uncomfortable . but he manage a smile . int . suburban - day 28 Holly drive . merrimen ride along , stare out the window at the pass car , street , people , a mixture of fascination and fear in he eye . Holly 's iphone vibrate , startling he . he look at the device suspiciously . merrimen be that a phone ? Holly giggle , thrilled that he speak . holly yeah . my cell - phone . she hold it up for he to see . he nod , look back out the window . squint he eye again . merrimen do you bring any sunglass ? she scramble for some , do not have any . upset with herself for forget . she take she 's off . ( continued ) 28 29 30 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 39 . continued : 28 holly I be sorry , baby , I forget . take mine . ( he take hers , put they on ) ..- want I to turn on some music ? merrimen sure . she turn up the radio a bit . 90 's rock . Jane 's addiction . they drive on in silence . then something grab merrimen 's attention . a bank . merrimen still . goosebump run down he arm . his eye lock onto it as they drive past ... ext./ int . enson 's house , garage dojo - day 29 carson . near the Port of LA . tidy , lower - middle class neighborhood , home to longshoremen , mechanic , and gangster . power-line crisscross overhead . goodyear blimp float nearby . bosco 's chevy k5 pull up to a cul - de-sac . donnie ride shotgun . they park before a remodel home on a double - lot , with tiki-torch out front . the garage be open . Inside , merrimen , enson and he samoan mafia brother work out in the garage dojo , do prison burpe and pop heavy bag . poster of Bruce Lee , Ali , sonny Garcia , BJ Penn , and manny Pacquiao cover the wall . bosco and donnie walk up . the reception be cool . the wolfpack nod to bosco , eyeball donnie . as be they custom . enson ( to bosco ) food 's out back . bosco nod , know the drill . they be gonna put donnie on ice , sniff he out a while . donnie follow bosco through the garage . ext . enson 's house , backyard - day 30 Big yard with a pool , fire pit , open grill and sport court . enson 's 5 '' hapa '' kide , age 3 to 15 , hop in and out of the pool , dive - bomb the water slide , gun football . his filipino wife , malia , smoke with merrimen 's woman , Holly , and 2 other attractive dancers who sun themselves poolside in thongs . meat sizzle on the grill . and man we recognize as outlaw #3 , marshall rhode , 44 , tend to it . ( continued ) 30 31 32 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 40 . continued : 30 he have bag under he eye , a dark energy . he serve bosco and donnie some brat . few other convict loiter around , project general threat . merrimen , enson and he bros finish they workout , join the rest out back . merrimen help himself to a big bloody steak , sit near donnie . eat . as do the samoan . nobody say much . the vibe make donnie sweat . he busy himself with he food . every once in a while , enson or Marshall will say something quietly to merrimen . enson 's oldest , a precocious 15 year old girl , maloa , sit at the edge of the pool , lightly splash she foot in the water . she 's look at donnie . donnie and she make brief eye contact . she smile , allure beyond she year . donnie immediately avert he eye . enson approach donnie , offer he a primo . he take it . enson sit with he and merrimen . donnie shift again . notice that while they offer he beer , he 's the only one drink it . merrimen , enson , they all drink water . donnie cool place ... do not know you could have this much land around here . enson .-- blend in . cop do not see you . donnie look around the place , nod . merrimen so , you can drive , huh ? ext . enson 's house , cul do sac - day 31 merrimen , enson and donnie walk up to a saleen mustang park there . merrimen look to enson , who hand he the key . merrimen unlock the door and the alarm chirp . donnie we drive this ? merrimen nod , toss donnie the key . before donnie get in , he kneel down to the wheel , and lets AIR out of each tire . int . saleen mustang - day 32 merrimen ride shotgun . donnie pull out into the wide , empty unincorporate street line with pumpjack oil well . drive the speed limit . ( continued ) 32 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 41 . continued : 32 merrimen go ahead . drive . donnie glance at merrimen . merrimen look back at he . donnie +-.- I can do that . donnie '' zwischen gas '' downshift into second , then squeeze the throttle . the saleen 's 400 hps roar . donnie go into turn at 100 + mph , hit apex , heel - toe downshift , trail the brake . donnie can drive . donnie hit a blind turn too fast . the car begin to oversteer . merrimen hold on tight , brace . donnie turn into it and gun it , pull out of the drift expertly . merrimen try to play it cool , but he 's shitting brick . donnie slow , slip it into neutral , let the engine cool and car coast as the brake , clutch , and tire steam . merrimen turn to donnie , look at he much differently now . donnie ( cont 'd ) be that what you need ? merrimen «.+- something like that . donnie slip it into gear . drive easy . merrimen ( cont 'd ) that 's if the cop show ... you know what you do if they do not ? donnie drive away like a 16 year old try to pass she first driver 's license test ? merrimen ( chuckle , nod ) .+- something like that . donnie should not be a problem . merrimen «.. you get some ball , bro . donnie 's ego swell . feel good . this outlaw life . donnie ( v.o. ) they need a driver . they get one . 33 34 35 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 42 . ext./ int . sport arena stadium , parking garage - day 33 donnie wait behind the wheel of a suburban , park in a dock , engine idling , nervously tapping the dash . few van and work truck in the subterranean garage . muffled sound of live electronica music and the audience 's cheer can be hear . int . suburban - day 34 donnie 's eye be lock on the rear-view mirror and the loading dock area behind he . finally , men emerge roll money tub ( plexi-glass box of cash on wheel ) , lift they into the back of the suburban . merrimen 's crew jump in . donnie take off . int . '' pacific horizon freight '' 3 pl warehouse - day 35 the crew unload the tub , handle they with surgical glove . spread out on table in organize row , enson catalogue the crew 's '' robbery kit '' -- assault rifle , black ski-mask with smiley face , gas -mask , body armor , police scanner , stopwatch , several set of California license plate , zip - tie , flare , spray - on hair coloring , hairpiece , 30 sunglass , and 3,000 round of ammo in various caliber ... merrimen inspect the goods -- deposit slip for the '' federal reserve bank , los angele branch . '' bosco be the count right ? merrimen nod , look at donnie who pace , amp from the rush . merrimen feel good huh ? donnie meet merrimen 's gaze , unsure . then he nod . yes it do . bosco look into the tub . stack after stack of bundled $ 100 dollar note . he sigh : bosco sure we should not just call it the day ? that 's alot of money right there . merrimen you want 1.2 in bait bill ? spend the rest of you life look over you shoulder ? or do you want 20 ? clean .... ( more ) ( continued ) 35 36 37 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 43 . continued : 35 merrimen ( cont 'd ) ( regards the fruit of they labor ) do not touch it . we be trading up . int . motel room - night 36 back to the present . donnie sit with Nick . big nick Trading up to what ? donnie he 's plan something . Big . what , I have no idea ... I be out of the loop . they never speak . any of they . they be always quiet . big nick people with thing to hide never have much to say . Nick just stare at donnie . donnie -+-- be I under arrest . big nick do not worry about it . you just keep do you thing . we will see you around . donnie pause , unsure , do not understand - big nick ( cont 'd ) - get the fuck out of here . so donnie stand , and walk out . ext . motel - night 37 donnie look around . by the look of the denizen lurking around this joint , he 's deep in the ' hood somewhere . he head out onto the street , spot tony Z and Gus share a laugh with chaminade by she car . only now , chaminade be no longer chaminade . chaminade be a cop . she pull the '' toothless '' mouthpiece out of she mouth , then bitch and moan at she colleague . chaminade I get shot at last week at a narc bust , now this ? I be so over this undercover nonsense . you boy can keep it . ( continued ) 37 38 39 40 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 44 , continued : 37 tony Z come on hon , you be a trooper ! chaminade yeah yeah . you tell my husband , he ’11l file for divorce . and I 'il beat you ass ! tony Z and Gus fold over with laughter . they all say good - night as chaminade drive off and head home . donnie 's be have . feel like a ass . ext . venice blvd . - night 38 donnie walk to the corner of La brea and Venice blvad . he get he bearing , wait at a rtd bus -stop . the bus arrive . door open . head low , donnie get on the bus . and ride it home . int . donnie 's apartment - night 39 donnie dump some take - out on a plate , eat , then remember something . search he pocket . find wolfgang 's discarde id card , from the bar . he open a shoebox filled with dozen of similar ids . drop wolfgang 's card inside . shut the box . place be rather spartan . yet some curious item lie about : laptop . binoculars . a tripod . camera equipment . passport . tony robbin , other '' personal power '' and '' self make millionaire '' book and dvd . and a dense manual that read on front , '' holzwerk gmach '' . he look out the window , over the low rooftop of LA , the sea of vapor light , power line , telephone pole . somewhere in the distance , siren wail , and dog bark . he collapse in bed , feel the swell on he head . donnie shut he eye . tries to block out the world . int . bedroom - day 40 a cell phone vibrate . donnie 's eye snap open . have not move since last night , wear the same clothes . he answer , groggy : bosco ( over phone ) peckerwood . be at the hofbrau in 25 . donnie ( clear he throat ) -..25 minute ? ( continued ) 40 41 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 45 . continued : 40 click . end of conversation . donnie sit up . he rub he face , then stand and clap he hand together . int . merrimen 's suburban , downtown LA street - day 41 merrimen drive , pull up to donnie . donnie jump in , shotgun . bosco and enson in back . they ride off in silence through the LA street . donnie want to ask where they be go , but do not dare . he try to settle in . merrimen reach forward , turn up the stereo . he turn right . drive the speed limit . flip down the sun visor . they come to a stop at a traffic light . merrimen turn up the stereo even louder . over the music : merrimen look to you leave . they all look . on the corner be a brown marble , 3 story build . no window . nondescript , yet impose . merrimen ( cont 'd ) know what that be ? ( all shake they head ) that 's the Los Angeles branch of the Federal Reserve Bank . Light turn green . merrimen drive , round the fed and the entire city block it subsume . merrimen ( cont ’d ) all the surround street be wire for sound and image . they read the license plate off of every car that pass by . it 's case proof . you stand across the street and stare at the building for 2 minute , you will have security guard on you ass ask you politely to leave . they see you face again , every secret service agent in the country will know who you be , and they will be look for you . ( pause ) there have be 113 attempt to break in . not one get past the lobby ... ( look to the other ) that 's why we be gonna rob it . merrimen let this sink in , park a safe distance from the fed , down the street . turn off the radio . they all study the fed . ( continued ) 41 42 43 44 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 46 . continued : 41 merrimen ( cont ’d ) at any one time , there 's anywhere from 50 to 85 billion dollar house in there ... ext . the fed - day 42 a single , uninterrupted floating Pov guide we toward the front door -- 20 's high , with 3 '' thick bulletproof glass . merrimen ( v.o . ) as you approach the front , camera lock onto you , and they computer immediately run you through every law enforcement database in the country . if you have commit a crime anywhere in this country , they 'il know about it by the time you take step one into the lobby . camera travel through the massive front door , into ... int . the fed , lobby - day 43 built like a fortress . 10 's thick marble wall give the impression of stability . 40 's ceiling . 2 armed secret service guard , behind a marble security station , greet we . merrimen ( v.o. ) the lobby guard sit behind a bank of monitor that cover the exterior . if they camera do not recognize you , and they do not either , you will be stop right there . Security have two step . first electronic , then human . all employee have both security clearance card they wear clipped to they front shirt pocket , as well as security swipe card granting they access through the first set of the man-trap ... the Guards press unlock , open the first man - trap -- a double - door bulletproof glass chamber . enter man-trap # 1 . int . the fed , man -trap # 1 - day 44 the door behind automatically lock , sealing we inside . a hand reach into frame and swipe a security card through a card reader . then the hand place itself on a flat glass surface . a laser can be see '' read '' the hand . ( continued ) 44 45 46 47 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 47 . continued : 44 merrimen ( v.o. ) in the first man-trap , a hand scan read the fingerprint of all five finger , as well as you palm print ... Pov pan down . a pair of foot stand on a black , square tile . merrimen ( v.o. ) and at the same time , the pressure sensitive floor beneath you measure you weight . if any of that information be not a exact match with the information store on you access card , the second door will not open . Pov pan back up . the red light above turn to GREEN . the glass door before we open with a buzzing SOUND . int . the fed , inner lobby - day 45 secret service guard # 3 and # 4 sit inside a bulletproof office . they wave '' hello '' to we . merrimen ( v.o. ) and if either of this guard do not recognize you , they can override you security clearance and keep you lock inside the mantrap . secret service guard # 3 Morning . what floor ? Pov voice fifth . the guard open the elevator door . Pov camera move inside . int . the fed , elevator - day 46 no floor indicator button in this elevator . nothing but steel wall and a camera high up in the corner . the elevator go down . the door open . merrimen ( v.o. ) the vault be 5 floor beneath the city street . int . the fed , vault security , mantrap # 2 - day 47 Pov move into a second man-trap station . the card swipe , open the first door . into the man-trap . door shut behind we . ahead , the security nerve CENTER be see -- ( continued ) 47 48 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 48 . continued : 47 5 secret service guard sit before a bay of 25 security screen . map of the surround street lie on a central table . ar - 15s and riot shotguns be line across the wall . move forward inside the man-trap through a metal detector . merrimen ( v.o. ) on the vault floor be central security - the nerve center for the fed . Inside the final man-trap , you pass through a metal detector , and once you have clear , all door from this point on can only be open after visual recognition from the guard , as access be severely restrict . the final man-trap door buzze open . Pov move into ... int . the fed , fifth floor , vault - day 48 the vault . cameras loom overhead . the Guards wave to we as the Pov move down a long hallway . what be most strike about this cavernous , vast space , be that all the wall be made of plexiglass , rendering every room '' see -thru '' . Pov pass by the armore car receiving and shipping dock , where armore car personnel deliver clear money tub fill with cash to fed employees , always work in team of two . merrimen ( v.o. ) this be where it all happen , where the armored car company deliver they schedule drop . the money tub carry anywhere from 3 to 30 million each , depend upon denomination . they be pass onto the fed employee who always work in two 's -- the '' buddy system '' , which ensure no one will grift , because if one dollar go miss , they both lose they job . the fed employee roll the tub through a series of man - trap , punching in code at each station , GREEN light flash in response , open finally into the hallway . the tub be roll up to the vault loading BAY . merrimen ( v.o. ) the tub be bring to the vault 's load bay , where they be touch for the last time by human hand . at the bay , the tub be insert into a mechanized turnstile , that feed the tub to robotic forklift . this forklift transport the tub into the people - less vault . ( continued ) 48 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 49 . continued : 48 merrimen ( v.o. ) the vault be entirely people - less . mechanize forklift transport the tub into the vault and store they with the other 5 to 6 thousand that have be deposit by bank from all over Southern California . billion in deposit cash . Pov move in on the vault . a massive , cavernous space line by impose steel wall . the money tub be stake 20 high , reach to the ceiling 50 's above . literal mountain of money . it 's a astonish sight -- a army of robotic forklift , ever-move , fill the air with a constant electronic hum . merrimen ( v.o. ) every last inch of it cover by camera , infra-re sensor , motion detector . 24 hour a day , 7 day a week , 365 day a year ... because money never sleep . Pov swing away from the vault , back down the hallway ... merrimen ( v.o. ) the serial number of every bill in the vault be record in the fed 's system . if a note go miss , they will know exactly which one it be , and they will flag it . if and when that bill turn up again , whoever recirculate that cash , no matter where they be in the world , can be track down . the banknote count room -- 6 of they , two man team inside , feeding note into huge banknote counting machine . notice something we have see before -- engrave in small print along the side of the count - machine be the word , '' holzwerk gmach " '' . merrimen ( v.o. ) but , there 's a hitch . when the fed receive a deposit from a bank , the first thing they do be bring the note into the count room , and run the note through they count machine . they be accomplish two thing here . one , they be double - check the accuracy of the bank 's deposit , and if the bank be off , they will credit or debit they account accordingly . some note be divide from the rest , spit out into a clear tube . ( continued ) 48 49 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 50 . continued : ( 2 ) 48 merrimen ( v.o. ) and two , they be separate new , fit bill from old , unfit currency . bill so old and limp , you get a argument from the towel - head at 7 - 11 because he will not accept it ... but most importantly , they be erase the serial number of this old bill from the fed 's database in the process . Pov follow the last two man team as they walk down the hallway , munch on chinese take - out . they be luigi , 30 , black dude with chop , and junior , 28 , a salvadorean who 's always laugh . they approach the 100 dollar banknote count room . merrimen ( v.o. ) once that number be erase , to the fed , and to the rest of the world , that money have cease to exist . they punch in a code , get a green light , and the man-trap open . Pov follow they into the ... int . the fed , 100 dollar banknote count room - day 49 the man-trap door seal shut behind they . luigi and junior crank power 106 , rap along to every track dj Big Boy play , while feed 100 dollar note into the count machine . Pov come in tight on bill as they be rifled through the innard of this amazing machine . merrimen 72,000 bill be count a hour . and in the 100 dollar banknote count room , a average of 120 million dollar be designate as unfit , every day . Pov follows the unfit bill as they be separate from the rest , and stack neatly inside a clear tube . merrimen ( v.o. ) between 4 and 5 pm , everyday , when they be do count all the income bill , the money be shot into the shredder , where the 120 mile be destroy . luigi turn the shredder on . so loud , it sound like the AIR be ripping . we watch as million be shredd in second . the shred cash be spit out into a second 3 foot wide clear tube that run into the floor . Pov jump in the tube and be sucked downward with the cash into - 50 51 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 51 . int . the fed , waste disposal - day 50 a vat , where a rotating mixing arm stir the shred cash with wet cement . merrimen ( v.o. ) the shred money be funnel into a vat , where it 's mix with cement , dry into brick and dumped in the trash . 120 million turn into dust in minute . the '' liquid cash '' be squeeze into a oven , where it be molded into square briquettes , heat , wrapped and sealed in cellophane , and spit out into a dumpster . merrimen ( v.o. ) it 's then pick up by the fed 's contract waste management , and haul to a city dump . Pov float past the dumpster to a hulking orange garbage truck that pull up . a garbage man step from the truck -- bas . he lower the lift arm , hook the dumpster , then dump the content into the belly of the truck . Bas hop in the truck , and drive up a circular exit ramp . Pov chase after the trash truck , and follow it ... ext . the fed - day 51 up and out of the fed 's exit . the garbage truck turn leave onto the one - way street and pull away from we . merrimen ( v.o. ) if you can get in there during that 1 hour window , and get to that unfit bill before they go to the shredder , and get out clean ... Pov move across the street , between passing car , until it find merrimen park there . camera come in on he , sit behind the wheel . the single tracking shot come to a end . merrimen ... then you just get away with 120 million dollar that no one 's look for . donnie , bosco , and enson eye the fed , and the herculean task . ( continued ) 51 52 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 52 . continued : 51 enson impossible . forget once we be inside . and get out ... how the hell do we get in ? enson motion to the front entrance to the fed . merrimen not go in that way . merrimen pull back out into traffic , pass the front of the fed. point to a second entrance on the western side , that a brink armore truck pull up to . 2 fed Guards stop the truck at a heavily fortify gate . merrimen ( cont ’d ) we be go in that way . all head turn to the armore truck wait at the gate . and it dawns on they ... merrimen let the reality of what they be about to attempt sink in . they drive on in silence . int . lasd headquarters , major crime - day 52 close on a beet red face -- Big Nick 's . eye bulg , cheek burst with air , exhaling in spurt . tony Z spot Nick on a free-weight bench in the office 's makeshift gym . Nick struggle with he last rep . tony Z Big chest , bro , come on ! power . power ! get piss ! come on ! get piss ! Nick 's arm shake , give everything to squeeze out the rep . tony Z ( cont 'd ) one more you crush strangé pussy tonight . come on ! you be a animal . Nick bust up laugh . the bar collapse down on he . practically crush he sternum . tony Z pull up the bar . big nick bro . you can not make I laugh mid-set . just frickin’ spot I next time . borracho ran print through cal id . get a match on the dead guy at Randy 's . ( continued ) 52 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 53 . continued : 52 they look up , borracho stand there . they hurry into the office , hungry for detail . borracho and Gus huddle at they desk , work the phone , on the case . gus name 's Marshall Rhodes . gun nut from oakland . cdc gang unit validate he as a associate of the brand . atf be look for he , try to get he on some inter-state gun trafficking technicality . but more to the point , be station at 29 palm from ' 88 to ' 92 . same time merrimen be there . big nick this be good . ( motion to borracho ) grab the book on merrimen . borracho pull out the crime book on merrimen , set it on Nick 's desk . Nick flip through merrimen 's '' timeline '' : big nick ( cont 'd ) honorably discharge in 2000 . laguna niguel job be in ' 05 . send up in ' 06 to usp victorville shu . released from Terminal Island in Feb ' 11 . October ' 11 bicycle Club casino get hit . March ' 12 the stadium show . now brink ... ( Big Nick 's mind race ) ... give I the unsolve book ? borracho pull out the unsolved OPEN case crime book with the question mark '' head '' on front . Nick look through it . big nick ( cont ’d ) his crimey . the samoan ... levoux . he serve with merrimen ? tony Z refer to the file on enson they be building . tony Z in the same company . both '' fast '' Marines . Security , Close quartered Battle unit . saw combat in kosovo . levoux also have eod training . get this all from the hr desk at 29 palm . big nick what do they specialize in ? ( continued ) 52 continued : de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 54 . ( 2 ) 52 tony Z ( read through they file ) merrimen .... soldier . cqb. levoux ... eod . explosive . big nick and the peckerwood ? tony Z ( read bosco 's file ) be Army , Corps of Engineers . and a comm guy . impressive career , but do not serve together . be the wood rep at victorville when merrimen be there . I be sure that 's where they hook up . big nick ( to borracho ) run the dot tape . borracho play the '' department of traffic : crenshaw blvd 3200 blk '' video from the morning of the brink heist . it 's Pov be from apprx . 75 meter down street . it play on a wall monitor -- merrimen and he crew can be see fire on the cop . big nick ( cont ’d ) look the way they move , how they reload . how fast . you do not learn that in pe . ( refer to the unsolve book ) follow I here . by ' 01 they be both out . in ‘03 , we have the City National tunneling job in Hollywood . sophisticate . skill set . someone with access . unsolved . ' 04 , the dunbar armore car depot job . blew the depot vault with shape charge . sophisticate . skill set . someone with access . unsolved . ' 05 in laguna niquel , the same . only merrimen get unlucky with the tail - light . go to prison till ' 11 . during that time , how many highly sophisticated , skilled , well execute heist do we have ? borracho Zero . you be on a roll , keep go . big nick the counter guy at the donut shop ? Witness to it all . they leave he . why ? because they shoot uniform , not unarm civilian . exactly what they be train to do ... ( more ) ( continued ) 52 53 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 55 . continued : ( 3 ) 52 big nick ( cont 'd ) ( tap the unsolve crime book ) we nail this crew , we solve half this case ... this be we guy . the Crew . the rest be not so convinced , but warming up to the idea . big nick ( cont ’d ) where 's fraulein ? borracho Murph 's on he . can move on he whenever we need . ext . lasd headquarters , major crime - day 53 Nick , tony Z and Gus hustle out to they car , when a man in a suit approach Nick . Nick eye he warily , do not recognize he . his hand start reach for he weapon . man Nicholas flanagan ? Nick stop , look at he , furrow he brow , immediately suspicious . the man be opposing counsel , 5as . Nice watch . briefcase . out of shape . look like a lawyer . which he be . he try to hand Nick some document . Nick glare at he , brace himself as if they be about to scrap . opposing counsel I be you wife Debbie 's counsel . i’1l be represent she . Nick stare at the document like they be radioactive . big nick you gotta be kid I ? opposing counsel no . I suggest you take this ... ( Nick still do not get it ) you be be serve . Nick reluctantly take the divorce paper . the oppose counsel wisely get the hell out of there . Nick glance at the cover page , which read " Los Angeles Superior Court . Marriage of , petitioner : debra flanagan , respondent : nicolas flanagan ... " Nick stand there in stupefy shock . do not move . tony Z and Gus walk over to he , concerned , perplex . ( continued ) 53 54 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 56 . continued : 53 tony Z the hell be that ? Nick vapor lock . have never be so humiliate . tony Z ( cont 'd ) you ok , brother ? Nick swallow , try to mask it , but he 's choke up . big nick .-+- guess ah ... I be get divorced . tony Z do not know what to say . neither do Gus . tony Z I have no idea ... shit . I be sorry . Gus look to tony Z , motion to give Nick he space . gus handle you business , big dog , we get you cover . Nick nod , let they go . big nick cool . all good ... fat from it , but tony Z and Gus be not go to baby the man . none of they would have it . they get into they car , drive off . Nick get into he , fire up the ignition , but do not go anywhere . he sit behind the wheel , engine idling , and stare ahead at nothing ... int . '' pacific horizon freight '' 3 pl warehouse - day 54 the whole crew be here , surround power grid schematics . written on the lower leave corner of the schematics - - " 1200 9th Street . the Federal Reserve Bank , Los Angeles branch . " merrimen ... there be a roll blackout in this quadrant 4 day ago . it 's be happen all summer . they say they have get full backup power , but actually , they do not . they go into a '' brownout '' , where they start prioritize the grid , and the priority be on the vault . all security measure in there stay intact . ( more ) ( continued ) 54 continued : de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 57 . 54 merrimen ( cont 'd ) but anything else that suck a lot of power , like motion in the hallway and out room , and the banknote shredder in the count room , shut down . they rely on the mantrap and the manual lock for security . to time this during another roll blackout be go to be impossible . so we have to simulate it . ( look to bosco ) can we cut in and force they to go brown for about 2 minute ? bosco think it over . can not make a promise here that you can not keep . he nod . bosco I have say yes , but I have rather have a test run to be sure . merrimen as long as we do not risk exposure . bosco that will not be a problem . merrimen once we have breach the count room , that will take care of everything but the camera . they be unaffected by the brownout . they run on they own battery . the solve be , the room 's light by a bay of fluorescent . when one of the tube get puncture , it cause all of they to flicker . because the camera run at 30 frame , that flicker , the wavelength of it , ruin the image . can not see fuck all . bosco where would you get all this information ? merrimen you do not have to worry about that . just trust I when I say it 's solid . merrimen pause a second . do not like be question . merrimen ( cont 'd ) where be you with the Verizon hook ? donnie I will have he in a couple of day . ( continued ) 54 55 56 57 58 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 58 . continued : ( 2 ) 54 merrimen nod . refer to enlargement of the photo bosco take of the regulator at the donut shop crime scene . merrimen know you enemy . Major crime , lasd ... keep a eye out , constantly alter you routine , do not do any stupid shit . they all look to one another , then get to it . int . din tai fung , monterrey park - day 55 a 70 's chinese restaurant . Red booth , lobster suffocating in murky tank , god - awful banquet lighting . donnie 's at the bar talk with the owner , a 50 year old chinese woman who do not take any shit , cou -chi . cou -chi .«.. yu pay own gas . I pay yu twee dolla po delibewee . a yu keep tip . yu stat wendday . eleben o'clock ... that 's pretty much it . donnie nod '' okay '' . int . donnie 's car - day 56 donnie wind through the unincorporate industrial city of Vernon , following a orange waste management truck . he keep a loose tail , take note of the surround area , writing down the name of every street , notate every turn . ext . vernon CITY dump , vernon - day 57 Bas control a series of lever at the side of the truck . the entire load of trash dump out onto the ground . finish , he hop in the truck , drive off . a figure scurries through the sea of graze garbage . donnie . he dig through the fresh pile of refuse . the wretch smell make he gag . find what he 's look for . the cellophane - wrapped brick of shredd cash . int . lax gun club shoot range , westchester - day 58 merrimen pop a fresh clip into he sig sauer , present he weapon down range . fire round . steady , rhythmic shot . bosco be in the adjacent lane position , shoot round . merrimen empty he clip . as he reload , out of the corner of he eye , he notice a man enter , set up in the lane position one to he leave . merrimen glance over . ( continued ) 58 59 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 59 . continued : 58 it 's Nick . load clip . into a Glock . merrimen stiffen . Nick look up , make brief eye contact with he . merrimen look down range , then grin to himself . he and Nick both start fire . try to one up the other with each shot . merrimen stop after 5 round . Nick keep go . 15 , clip 's do . as Nick reload , the range fall quiet for a moment . the quiet be shattered as merrimen tear off rapid-fire round . empty the clip , drop it out , pop in fresh one , and fire . bamm bamm bamm bamm . so fast it sound like he 's get it on full auto . clip do , drop it , pop it , fire . rinse and repeat . he burn through 4 clip in 14 second . Nick do not move . no one else in the range do . merrimen pack up he gun and ammo , give bosco a look , and they leave . stay on nick -- watch merrimen go . he can not help himself . go to merrimen 's lane position , toggle the target lever , and slowly the target motor back to he . target return , come to a stop . Nick check it . only 4 or 5 mark the bull 's - eye . but 40 to 50 strike center mass . merrimen can shoot . Nick nod to himself . sigh deeply , then return to he lane . ext . baptist church , long beach - day 59 enson and he family finish a service , spill out onto the surround street with hundred of other parishioner . enson impatiently try to gather he family to the car , he kid run around all over . he spot he daughter , maloa , leaning into a lowered , blood - red suv . a deep hip - hop bass rumble from within the hood ride . she talk to it 's passenger , rolando , 17 . good-look , tough , cocky , blood gangster . a father 's worst nightmare . enson squint he eye , bark : enson maloa ! maloa bristle , cut she conversation off . enson give she a glare , which he kid know all too well . she quickly fall back in line with the family . as the suv slowly roll out , enson mad - dog rolando . rolando lean back in he seat , throw he arm out the window , and give enson a arrogant nod . enson stand there , eye lock onto the suv , and grind he jaw . a voice startles he . ( continued ) 59 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 60 . continued : 59 gus I feel you , brother . enson turn . it 's gus. with he wife and kid , all dress in Sunday 's best . they do not know each other . but they do . gus ( cont 'd ) ( motion to the depart suv ) that 's trouble right there . gotta keep a eye out for that one . enson nod , check Gus out . Plays it cool . enson yeah , believe that . Gus wave to he , head off with he family . enson furrow he brow , put on he sunglass , then go to he who wait by he truck . as enson hit '' unlock '' , he glare at maloa . enson ( cont 'd ) he piru ? thinks he 's tough , huh ? maloa dad , no ! I already tell mom , he 's like the most popular guy in 12th grade . and he 's all - cif in football . he 's go to '' scl enson yeah yeah . to rob somebody ? maloa 's eye water and she face go red . she 's in a fury fuel by young love . maloa dad , no he 's not !! he 's so nice !! ( turn to she mom ) Mom , see ! I tell you dad would - enson - that 's enough ! maloa jump into the back of the car and slam she door shut , try to stop the tear that cascade from she adolescent eye . malia look to she husband , he to she , as they get in . enson ( cont 'd ) you know about this ? malia raise she eyebrow and sigh , long and deep . ( continued ) 59 60 61 62 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 61 . continued : ( 2 ) 59 malia you seriously wonder why she like a boy like that ? enson turn to he wife , furrow he brow . malia ( cont ’d ) look in the mirror . that stung . enson brood , do not like that at all . turn over the engine , then grow quiet . because he know it 's true ... int . merrimen 's suburban - day 60 same vantage point of the fed. merrimen and enson be park down -street , look through binocs . enson key a two - way radio . the sound of radio - speak come through clearly . it 's the fed' security channel . they 're tapped in . enson ( into nextel ) greenpeace , this be lava . key in up top . how 's it below ? int . subterranean tunnel - day 61 beneath the street , bosco , in dwp gear , be at work on a entanglement of wire and power line . bosco ( into nextel ) this be greenpeace , good to go below . enson ( over nextel ) copy that . light out . int . the fed , security nerve CENTER - day 62 the slight flicker in the bay of light overhead . follow by a series of light lighting up on the control board . secret service guard # 1 and # 2 , johnny and cam , quickly run a series of check on the security control board . cam ( into walkie- talkie ) back up power 's up .... on merrimen and enson -- the voice of the fed 's security guard come in over the two - way : ( continued ) 62 63 64 65 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 62 . continued : 62 fed chatter ( over radio ) we have go brown . lock all man-trap manually , over ... Roger that . exterior camera be up . Count room on stand - by . merrimen and enson share a look . enson speak into the nextel : enson this be lava . they have go brown . Nice job . on bosco -- hurriedly undoe all of he equipment , then clap he hand together . ext . downtown LA —- day 63 quick cut of donnie on the job , delivering '' din tai fung '' chinese to several different office - building . pull back to reveal big nick , surveilling donnie from afar . int . brink hq - day 64 al , a brink secretary dial . the other end pick up : female telephone voice Federal Reserve , account receive . brink secretary al hey , it 's Al with brink ... Pov jump into the phone 's mouth - piece , race along subterranean telephone wire , to a exchange BOX ... ext . rampart street —- day 65 mack be splice into the OPEN exchange BOX , connect to a verizon test phone . he listen in on the conversation : al .-+.we have a drop for City National we need to schedule . how 's Wednesday at 2 ? mack look down at the lcd display . both the source and receiving phone number pop up on the lcd . mack cut out of the tapped call . he dial the fed with the test phone -- brink source number reading as he own . ( continued ) 65 66 67 68 69 70 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 63 . continued : 65 male telephone voice Federal Reserve , account receive . mack hey , Al with brink again . I forget to schedule a drop for Bank of America . what do you have open today ? male telephone voice we could take you at 3 . do that work ? mack pause for a second , then hang up . key he nextel : mack lava , this be ghetto Bird . we be good to go on the drop , over . int . fed lobby - day 66 donnie walk in , fed id card clipped to he din tai fung shirt pocket , a plastic din tai fung take - out bag in each hand . he say hello to secret service Guards # 1 and # 2 . they search the bag . donnie pass through the man-trap , come out the other end . they hand he the take - out bag . int . fed hallway - day 67 donnie step into the menus bathroom . int . men 's bathroom - day 68 donnie enter , step into a stall , quickly stand on the toilet seat , reach up , and push OPEN a airvent . he place one of the take - out bag in the ventilation shaft above , lower the vent back down . slip out of the room . int . fed cafeteria - day 69 donnie collect cash from luigi , junior , a overweight black woman , doris , and several other fed employee who all sit around , bullshit , digging into the chinese-food -carton . donnie stuff the cash in he pocket and leave . int . lasd headquarters , major crime - day 70 Nick , Gus , borracho , Murph and tony Z pow -wow . gus .-.. what if it 's part of he regular route ? fed gotta eat too . ( continued ) 70 71 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 64 . continued : 70 big nick deliver chinese to the fed ? my leave nut that 's part of he route . they be case it from the inside . go back . besides cash , what else do they lift from the casino and rave ? borracho fed deposit slip . but that be probably in with the cash - big nick - or , not . maybe they take the cash to disguise the fact that they be really there for something else . then they take down a armored car that 's empty ?! come on . remember what donnie say . '' they be trading up . '' they be go big . MURPH Nick . you can not take down the fed. sorry . merrimen 's no dummy . it 's impossible . big nick the fed be the Olympic , and merrimen 's fuckin’ Carl Lewis . I be tell you ... fraulein 's hold out on we . he know . tony Z ... then let 's stir thing up . int . benihana , torrance - night 71 merrimen , enson , bosco , donnie , and mack , sit at one of the teppanyaki table hunch over kirin and steak . none of they pay much attention to the teppanyaki chef 's routine . Holly and some of she girlfriend from chatsworth be there , engage in they own conversation . something catch donnie 's eye . he look past merrimen , and almost have a seizure . big nick and the regulator walk in , sit at the sushi bar . donnie tense . drunk sushi chef carry - on behind the bar , holler japanese obscenity at woman who saunter by , play it off as charm . Big Nick get up , walk right past there table . donnie do he best not to be notice . everyone eat quietly . Nick walk back by , sit . merrimen take note of the big guy with the goatee . donnie shift , when a voice call to he : ( continued ) 71 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 65 . continued : 71 big nick hey , buddy . donnie reluctantly look . Big Nick be stare right at he . big nick ( cont ’d ) donnie , right ? merrimen and the other bristle . Big Nick walk over , reach to shake donnie 's hand . really ? big nick ( cont ’d ) from the gym . I spot you the other day . donnie 's shake he hand , feign ignorance . donnie ...oh , right , yeah . big nick ( nod to the other ) what 's up fella ? ( point to merrimen ) you play football at Long Beach poly ? you look familiar . he do , but merrimen shake he head . merrimen not from around here . big nick ( to donnie ) what be you do here ? work near here ? donnie ah , no ... just grab dinner . big nick really ? food here suck . donnie do not know how to respond . Nick check out the girl . he and holly 's eye meet . he give she a thorough undress . it 's not lose on merrimen . big nick ( cont ’d ) we come here for the ass . pause . merrimen 's do everything he can to keep it cool . the situation could not be more uncomfortable . donnie try to bring a end to it . ( continued ) 71 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 66 . continued : ( 2 ) 71 donnie right on , man . see you at the gym . big nick definitely . Nick hover for a second , then finally shove off . but he can not help himself . he turn back to merrimen . big nick ( cont ’d ) number 55 . that 's how I remember you . we wear the same number , bro. 55 , right ? merrimen look up at Nick for the first time . just stare at he . say nothing . but he eye say everything . big nick ( cont ’d ) I go to South torrance . we play you twice . remember all that fat -ass samoan you have ? they be big , but man , lazy motherfucker . slow -twitch muscle fiber . no explosiveness . all that spam , I guess ... we crush you guy . enson simmer . the tension be become unbearable . the cop look over . Nick 's push it too far . merrimen stand . merrimen do not appreciate you poppin 's off , bro . and stop perving on we woman . big nick hey , no need to get all agro . I be sorry . be I be rude ? ( to donnie ) be I rude ? merrimen - just get the fuck out of here . Nick give merrimen a thumbs-up . big nick kunpai ! ( look to Holly ) have a good night , lady . Nick take he seat at the sushi bar . no one know what to say or do . instead , they all just eat . merrimen brood . he and enson share a look , speak unspoken word . merrimen 's eye drift to donnie , who sit hunch over he food , and burn into the back of he head . 72 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 67 . int . merrimen 's suburban , south BAY - night 72 merrimen drive . donnie ride shotgun . enson in back right behind donnie . they drive through vast South Bay industrial street in silence , past refinery and defense contractor . donnie stare straight ahead , battle cold wave of fear . finally turn to merrimen . donnie where we go ? no answer . then merrimen gently brake , and turn into a desolate parking lot at the rear of a sprawling , tudor-style house with well manicure lawn . a sign out front read , '' mckay's south BAY mortuary '' . merrimen park , shut off the engine . dread grip donnie . they sit there in the quiet . the only sound hear be a faint , hollow , furnace - like drine emanate from the mortuary . a rear door to the mortuary open , and a bespectacled man in a dark suit appear , look in they direction . merrimen flash he brights twice . with that , the man subtly nod , and disappear back inside , the door leave ajar . merrimen turn to donnie , look at he . donnie 's mind reel . merrimen you a cop ? donnie what ?! you kid ?! ... fuck no ! merrimen just stare at he , finally look away , nodd . merrimen remain calm and collect . yet he exude , as always , a energy of unpredictable lethality . merrimen ...- you wear a wire ? donnie sigh , shake he head . muster up the courage to look back at merrimen . donnie no ... be you ? Long pause . merrimen grind he jaw , debate . merrimen get out of the car . 73 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 68 . ext . mortuary - night 73 merrimen walk toward the rear door of the mortuary . donnie reluctantly follow . enson trail donnie a few foot behind . merrimen stop just before the door , face donnie . the source of the sound reveal itself -- behind the door , be a crematorium . it 's furnace burn eerily hot . donnie start to tremble with fear . merrimen Strip . donnie what ?! enson where would you hide the wire ? donnie what goddamn wire ?! I be not wear - enson - take you fucken clothes off ! donnie begin to visibly shake . pull he shirt off , he pants down . stands there in he underwear like a asshole . enson rifle through he clothes . look in he underwear . find nothing . tell donnie to put he clothes back on . donnie pull on he jeans , when enson bury a fist deep into donnie 's unsuspecting gut . donnie collapse to the ground , gasp . enson kick he several time . donnie ball up . enson stop . merrimen yank donnie to he knee . merrimen open you mouth . donnie do as tell . merrimen jam a sig -sauer down he throat . donnie 's eye water . his chest heave . his eye plead . merrimen ( cont 'd ) how do he know you ? and do not tell I from the gym . donnie ( voice gag ) I swear , I do not know - enson - smoke he . smoke the punk . ( continued ) 73 74 75 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 69 . continued : 73 donnie shake he head vigorously . merrimen pull out the gun . donnie gulp in air , quivering violently . donnie I be not a cop . I swear to you ... he come to I he know who you be but I do not tell he a thing I swear to fuckin 's God . it be a while ago , right when we first hook up . he sweat I , have not see he since , think he have leave I alone . merrimen what do they know ? donnie nothing . I do not know back then anyway . if we have to call it off , I get it . merrimen stare at donnie for what seem like a eternity , decide . he finally stick the gun back in he waistband . merrimen wrap on the mortuary door once , then he and enson start walk back toward the truck . merrimen put you clothes on ... ( open truck door . to donnie ) ... Friday . confirm with he it 's on . make sure he 's on the line ... donnie meet merrimen 's gaze , and nod . int . nick be F - 150 truck , palos verde - night 74 Nick drive slowly past the upscale home of Rolling Hills estate , search for something . spot debbie 's car park in front of a Mediterranean mcmansion , along with a few other . landscape lighting be on . look like a party be underway . Nick park a way down the block , eyeball the house . get out , walk toward it . he 's pretty buzze . slight chance a neighbor will call the cop on he . this be not he hood . int . mediterranean mcmansion , rolling hill - night 75 Nick let himself in . about 6 kid , age 3 - 13 , be go apeshit in the live area , all refereed poorly by a overworked salvadoran nanny . Nick 's daughter be amongst they . cassady see she dad and gasp with joy . ( continued ) 75 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 70 . continued : 75 big nick peanut , give I a hug ! she run to he , grab onto he leg : cassady daddy !!! just around the corner in the chef 's kitchen , the adult 's enjoy a red wine dinner stiffen , as they recognize the voice . Debbie be there , on a double - date with she older sister sandee , South African pro golfer - type brother - in - law ruud , and she '' date '' , one of ruud 's boy . Debbie crane she neck to see into the entryway , when she almost faint . her jaw drop as she mouth , '' oh my God . '' and then he appear . History 's most uninvite guest . a position that , at least in this instance , he relish . Nick stand in the middle of the kitchen , nodd hello to they all . he sway a bit , reek of saké . Debbie 's mouth still hang agape , she just want to disappear . they all do . the date look like he 's about to puke . big nick what 's for dinner ? ( no response ) ... relax ! I already eat . Nick reach into he blazer , pull out roll up paperwork from the small of he back . the divorce doc . everyone 's eye widen when they realize Nick be pack he Glock . Nick go to they table , drop the doc down , look to ruud : big nick ( cont ’d ) you gotta pen , stud ? ruud reluctantly stand , do he best kofi annan : ruud Nick , bru , I be gonna call you . let you and I go to dinner next week and - as ruud rest a hand on Nick 's shoulder , Nick reflexively swat it away . hard . his vein bulge , swell with volatility . big nick just get I a pen . ruud swallow , grow nervous , go to find a pen . Nick look to Debbie 's date . ( continued ) 75 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 71 . continued : ( 2 ) 75 big nick ( cont 'd ) how 's the wine ? date 's lip contort and tremble as he try to speak , can not . date start to back away from the table . Nick hold he hand up and shake he head . uh-uh . date freeze , not go anywhere . ruud hand Nick a pen . Nick flip through the doc , start arbitrarily signing page . big nick ( cont 'd ) so where do I sign , anywhere I guess , right ? ( he keep signing page ) and I imagine it 's assume that , you know . ( eyeball date ) ... if you be to ever touch my girl , or say , talk to they ? or even look at they ? that ah ... you know . I go boom boom . know what I be say ? but that 's self evident , right ? no reason to have that in write . Nick finish signing the doc . turn to date , who look like he 's about to cry , and punch he in the shoulder . big nick ( cont ’d ) it 's all good buddy ! come here , give I a hug . we 'il save a fortune in therapy . Nick hug the date , all smile . sandee look to she husband ruud , she eye demand he do something . while Debbie 's shock and trepidation have simply turn to disgust . debbie always such a spectacle with you . big nick pretty much , yeah . ruud finally grow a pair , step to Nick . ruud Nick , come on -— big nick - call the cop . Nick glare at he , defiant . ruud hold he ground this time . ruud time to go , mate . I be sorry . ( continued ) 75 76 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 72 . continued : ( 3 ) 75 Nick stand there a while . then finally , he turn , walk out . but he can not help it . he barge back in , look at date . big nick when you be hittin’ it from behind , and you be wonder what that thing be on she ass ? that 's a tattoo . of my name . just a head up . satisfied at last , Nick leave . int . enson 's house - day 76 malia finish touch up maloa 's make up . maloa wear she prom dress , about to burst with anticipation . her sibling run around the house , excitement in the air . except for dad . enson pace in the live room like a cage animal . a limo pull up outside . rolando get out , strut up to the house . he 's rock a beckham - esque mohawk , and a rent tux with old school Air jordan . sibling scream out , '' he 's here ! '' stay on enson -- pace . maloa and she mom greet rolando at the door . they exchange greeting and giggle nervously . rolando look maloa up and down , and whistle . rolando damn girl , you look fine ! enson gulp in air , then walk over to they . maloa grow anxious , introduce they : maloa rolando , this be my dad . rolando ' sup Mr. levoux , nice to meet you ! enson say nothing , just nod , eyeball the kid . rolando reach he hand out to street - shake enson , but enson do not return the favor , extend he for a proper handshake instead . a bit of a awkward moment as rolando correct himself . enson look to maloa and he wife . enson gonna borrow he for a sec , yeah ? ( to rolando ) come here , brah . ( continued ) 76 77 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 73 . continued : 76 enson walk off . rolando reluctantly follow . maloa die a 1000 death as she dad and date disappear into the garage . int . enson 's garage - day 77 as rolando step into the garage , he gasp . stand there , face he , be merrimen , bosco , and enson 's samoan mafia brother . tatted - up , swoll , and drip with sweat from they workout . all color suddenly drain from rolando 's face . enson so here 's whassup , brah . for the past 15 year , my little girl 's safety and protection , have be my responsibility , and my responsibility alone . now , for the first time in she life , I gotta pass the baton . I gotta hand over that responsibility ... to you . enson glare at rolando , long and hard . behind he , merrimen , bosco , and the samoan mafia do the same . enson ( cont 'd ) do not fuck up . or you mother will weep she eye out , every day the rest of you life , when she have to feed you , wipe you ass , and push you around in you wheelchair . rolando wet himself . he nod emphatically , start stutter . rolando yes-s-s-s-sir . enson pat rolando on the back . enson see you at 1130 . rolando slowly turn , and walk out . hold on enson and the boy . enson look to they , as if to say , '' so , how be 1 ? '' merrimen I be pretty sure he get the point . they all bust up , laugh they ass off . 78 79 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 74 . int . lasd headquarters , major crime - day 78 Nick sit alone at he desk , he eye gaunt and hollow , study '' merrimen 's crew '' crime book , compare it with the '' unsolved ? '' crime book . look over crime scene photo of the '' City National Hollywood ' 03 '' tunneling job , the '' dunbar armore Depot ' 04 '' vault shape - charge job , etc ... he study donnie' file . it 's woefully thin -- copy of a imsa racing license , now infamous move violation , and a SMALL article from the ventura County Star newspaper detail local kid donnie alison take second at the 1991 National spell bee competition . a quote from the article claim donnie have a '' near photographic memory . " big nick why 's fraulein 's file so thin ? Gus work at he desk , tired and hungry . gus we can not find a damn thing on he . Nick furrow he brow . forage through merrimen 's cali dept. of correction file , discover that merrimen 's cellie at Terminal Island be none other than william '' willy lump lump '' pump , the most prolific bank robber in the history of the state . big nick merrimen 's cellie at TI be willy lump lump . gus no shit ? ( Nick nod '' no shit '' ) how do we miss that ?! big nick because we be not very good at we job . Gus frown . Nick bring merrimen 's mugshot up on he computer screen . merrimen 's eye stare right at Nick . pierce , intense , direct . not a ounce of bullshit in that eye . yet a ton of menace . Nick meet merrimen 's gaze , and stare back . int . spearmint rhino , CITY of industry - night 79 gentlemen 's club . the weekday crowd be pretty thin . but the dj work the mic like it 's Saturday night in Vegas . ( continued ) 79 80 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 75 . continued : 79 we watch in kubrickian Pov as a dancer come out on stage , grab the pole , and do she seductive thing . a hand come into frame , drop a $ 20 on stage . she near we . it 's holly . she look right down at we , start to strip and writhe . crawl toward we . lick she lip then grab the $ 20 . thrusts she ass out and stuff it in she micro-bikini . reveal the big-tipper be big nick . he sit stage -side , sink in he chair , the King of the jungle . he grin , all lust and vice . his eye lock onto he prey . int . nick 's truck , torrance - day 80 Nick 's park in the lot of a taco stand , eat . Murph and Gus be in back , do the same . donnie walk up , hop in shotgun . Nick offer he a taco . he decline , launch into Nick : donnie what the fuck be that all about ?! you '' spot I at the gym '' ?! big nick tranquillo . they be not gonna off you when they know there 's heat ... when 's the party ? donnie ... Friday . big nick where ? donnie I do not know . Friday 's all I can tell you . big nick TGIF . donnie you be protect I on this . big nick fraulein , do not worry about a thing . donnie scoff , get out , shut the door . look back . donnie ( tap the door ) better wear you vest . 81 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 76 . int . '' pacific horizon freight '' 3 pl warehouse - day 81 merrimen and enson sit in they warehouse office with hugo bandi , 63 , croatian , board - member of the longshoreman Union , olive oil and ouzo importer , and '' criminal receiver '' . which translate to Street as fence . Hugo be on he cell , have a code conversation that ping - pong between slavic , English and Spanish . look to merrimen : hugo bandi ..- you be at container Terminal 114 ... ( listen to the other end ) maersk sealand , operate by maersk line Liberia . you be all clear on the passenger manifest as crew . Hugo finish he conversation , hang up . slide 5 envelope to merrimen . one for each man . hugo bandi ( cont 'd ) Travel document , itinerary , which be all different . everyone take separate route after you ride on the supertanker . group attract attention . ok ? merrimen nod , look inside he envelope . the itinerary -- '' , ..ensenada ... Mexico City ... Havana . '' flip open he brasilian passport . already stamp with visa and custom - stamp from various country . hugo bandi ( cont ’d ) passport be stamp with visa , custom , so you do not look like a new traveler . that raise flag ... you meet in Havana , where my people will handle the financial . relax there , buy some girl , and get a tan so you do not look so american . merrimen look over he '' cover '' -- business card and paperwork support he new brasilian identity . hugo bandi ( cont 'd ) Business card , papers , all support you cover . merrimen hand Hugo a thick envelope . they shake hand . ( continued ) 81 82 83 84 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 77 . continued : 81 hugo bandi ( cont 'd ) and no sweat or sneaker or baseball hat . in the rest of the world , only mafiosi dress that way . suit only ... ext . oakwood apartment complex , san gabriel valley - day 82 merrimen walk past the complex pool , approach a apartment . he carry a samsonite suitcase . unlock the door , enter . int . holly 's apartment - day 83 moment merrimen walk in , a woman gasp . he brace himself , round into the live room . freezes . Holly 's there , naked on the couch . she dart into a bedroom . and stand in the middle of the room in all he glory , be Big Nick . he 's shirtless , pull on he jeans . porn play on mute on the tv . Nick and merrimen just stand there , stare at each other . nick 's eye go to he gun , rest on the couch 15 foot away . merrimen follow he gaze , see it . he 's closer to the gun . and Nick know it . they eye meet again . Nick raise he eyebrow , motion merrimen to go for it . he do not . merrimen walk past the couch , past Nick , and into the bedroom . then shut the door . Nick stand there . tries to listen in on they . can not hear anything . he pull he clothes on , grab he gun , and leave . int . holly 's bedroom - day 84 Holly pull on underwear . merrimen watch , then step toward she , threat in he aspect . corner she . she cower . holly but I do what you tell I . merrimen how be it ? his breathe bathes she . she start to tremble , terrify . holly baby , please ... disgust and jealousy course through he . he fight the urge , force himself to turn away from she . 85 86 87 88 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 78 . int . nick 's truck - night 85 Nick drive , a gloat grin plaster on he face . he dial he cell . the other end pick up : big nick ( into cell ) B of a , montebello towne Center . Nick hang up , then realize something . he touch he wrist , where he watch usually be . all there now , be it 's tan-line . big nick ( cont 'd ) shit . int . holly 's apartment - night 86 merrimen sit in a lazy -boy in front of the tv , brood . he talk quietly to himself while clean he various firearm , which rest in piece at he foot . he can not shake the subtle , faint tick sound in he head . eventually , he eye drift to the empty couch , and the errand watch that rest there . merrimen glare at it , unblink . the tick grow louder . int . donnie 's apartment - dawn 87 ecu of a digital watch . 5:14 be . a beep alarm sound . a finger come into frame , shut it off . donnie get up , already dress . his apartment have be stripped clean , pack up . he go to the large window , open it . sound of the city drift in . he look at something . a few block down the street , be ... the federal reserve bank . Beyond it , dawn 's first light give form to downtown 's skyline . int . enson 's house - dawn 88 enson cook egg and sausage link for he kid , amidst the wonderful chaos of family get ready for the day . maloa come in late , rush , make herself toast . enson get practice this morning ? you need protein . enson put a plate of egg in front of she . she do not eat it , do not make eye contact either . mad at she dad . enson shake he head , take the plate away . ( continued ) 88 89 90 91 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 79 . continued : 88 a car honk outside . maloa pop up , grab she backpack . can not get out of here fast enough . as she bolt for the door : enson ( cont 'd ) maloa . she stop , look back . enson motion she over . she reluctantly come back to he . enson ( cont 'd ) you have fun ? maloa shrug . enson struggle to find the word . enson ( cont 'd ) he treat you nice ? finally , maloa look up at she father . she nod with certainty . enson have a tough time digest the fact that , he baby girl have fall in love . but such be life . enson nod , then he hug he daughter . and she he . he squeeze she tight . enson ( cont 'd ) I love ya . the car honk again . she 's gotta go . maloa smile at she dad , tear in she eye , then she run out to the car . enson watch she go , a little girl no more . int . holly 's apartment - dawn 89 merrimen sit on the edge of the bed , watch Holly sleep . not want to wake she , he quietly stand , slip out . in the live room , he load he firearm into they case . his eye go to the watch again . he listen to it tick . ext . oakwood apartment complex - dawn 90 merrimen walk past the complex pool , samsonite and gun - case in hand . his wary eye subtly sweep the surround area . ext . elementary school , redondo - morning 91 Nick drive up , park , hop out , approach a school yard , pack with grade school kid play during morning recess . a fence surround the entire playground , no way to get in . Nick stand at the fence , search the crowd for he girl . spot mckenna . ( continued ) 91 92 93 94 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 80 . continued : 91 he wrap he finger around the fence , be about to call out to she , then hesitates . she play happily , he do not want to interrupt . instead , he just watch she play . int . nick 's F - 150 truck - morning 92 Nick climb in he truck , park across from the school . he pop in the key , turn on the ignition . be about to drive off , when he pause . he sit there , suddenly become very still , stare into space ... and then he break down . tear pour from he eye . his chest heave as he sob , cry for the first time that he can remember , and harder then he probably ever have ... slowly , Nick pull himself together , and drive off . int . holly 's apartment - morning 93 Holly stir in she bed . her eye flutter open . she sit up , look next to she where Ray usually be . but he 's not there . she touch he pillow . it 's cold . her eyebrow furrow . she get up , look in the bathroom , then closet where he thing be . nothing there . she go to the live room , nothing still . she bring a hand to she mouth , and shake she head as she eye water . any sign that Ray merrimen be ever there , have vanish . int . '' pacific horizon freight '' 3 pl warehouse - morning 94 merrimen , bosco , and enson load m4 mag , conduct function check on all firearm , pull on tactical plate carrier . donnie enter , be surprised to see they '' jock up '' . he look around , perplex . armore truck be go . donnie where 's the truck ? enson , clad in full tactical nylon , glance at donnie . enson Change in plan . ( motion to a set of bdus ) jock up . donnie can not hide he apprehension . look to bosco for a explanation , do not get one . bosco instead double-stack 2 m4 mag . donnie reluctantly pull on the gear . ( continued ) 94 95 96 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 81 . continued : 94 merrimen and enson start load up a econoline cargo van . out of earshot , enson pull merrimen aside , look he in the eye . enson ( cont 'd ) ... if anything 's off , I be out ... understand , bro ? merrimen meet he gaze , and enson do not like what he see . merrimen 's eye be distant , cold . too cold . merrimen nothing 's 1l be off . merrimen turn away , go back to load gear . hold on enson , watch he crimey . closely . wary . int . lasd headquarters , major crime - morning 95 Nick walk in , be immediately meet with the sound of cop prepping for battle . tony Z , Gus , borracho , and Murph pull on ballistic vest , function check shotgun and carbine , load sig p226 . no one say much . they all focus , do they best to keep the pucker - factor at a minimum . because all know , instinctively , two tribe be go to war . tony Z pick up he benelli 12 - gauge , Glock - 17 . look Nick over , know all be not well . and they can not afford that today . tony Z you good ? Nick meet tony 's gaze . after a moment , Nick harden , then nod . he 's good . satisfied , tony head for the truck . int . econoline van - day 96 merrimen drive , he eye glue to the rearview , constantly check they six . around he , magazine be be load . enson hand donnie a suppressed hk - 416 , with a double -stack magazine protrude . enson indicate the safety , the trigger . enson she 's good to go . first , ( point to the gun triggerwell ) ..- keep you index finger out of the triggerwell until you have to shoot someone . when we get out of the truck , thumb the safety down once here , ( more ) ( continued ) 96 97 98 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 82 . continued : 96 enson ( cont 'd ) ( point to the safety ) .-- for 3 - round burst . if shit get hairy and one of we tell you to go full - auto , thumb it down once more , squeeze the trigger and hold ' till you run dry . enson depress the magazine release button release the double-stacked mag . he then slide the other mag into the magazinewell and firmly slap it home . enson ( cont 'd ) tug it , make sure it 's in nice and good . hit this bolt release and you be ready for round 2 . otherwise , aim at the floor . donnie nod . merrimen round a corner , pull into a bank of america parking lot . signage read , '' montebello towne Center . '' donnie tense . enson hand donnie a c420 gas mask . donnie follow suit , pull it on . merrimen back the truck into a spot right at the bank 's front door . enson grab donnie : enson ( cont 'd ) - follow we lead ! do not call anybody by they name ! somebody make a move , shoot they ! you fuck up , I shoot you . bosco throw open the rear door . they burst out of the van . int . nick be F - 150 - day 97 nick 's Pov -- of the same scene . he 's park across the street from the bank , watch calmly . tony Z be shotgun . int . bank of america - day 98 merrimen 's crew rush the front double door , kick they in . throw in a flashbang grenade . boom ! blind light and sound assault the interior . enson fire a three - round burst into the ceiling . momentary chaos sets in . people gasp , some hit the floor . a baby cry . a useless security guard stand freeze in indecision . merrimen rush he , hk416 in he face . merrimen get the fuck down !!! he do . enson jump up onto the teller 's window . aim down at the tellers who be all terrify and in shock . ( continued ) 98 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 83 . continued : 98 enson everybody get down on the floor , don ’t move , and you'll have no problem ! we're here for the money , not you ! merrimen keep you head down , put you palm up ! hand over you cell - phone ! if you look at US , you will get shot !! enson motion to donnie . they collect all cell - phone . merrimen zip - tie the security guard 's wrist . bosco corral the bank manager and tellers into a corner . enson blast out the cameras in the corner , shut off the overhead light . merrimen shut all the blind . motion for donnie to help he . they barricade the door -- push desk in front of they . bosco zip - tie the customer , teller , bank manager . merrimen look around , whistle . the bank have be secure . donnie breathes so hard , he mask start to fog up . enson and donnie cover the room , as bosco pull the bank manager to he foot , drag he to he desk . merrimen hover over he . the gas mask distort he voice . it have a surreal , nightmarish effect . the manager shake . merrimen ( cont 'd ) take a deep breath , then write this down . the Bank manager 's tremble hand search the desk for a pen and paper . find they . then he take a deep breath . merrimen ( cont 'd ) I know you already trigger the silent alarm . so I want you to pick up the phone , call into parker , and explain the follow . within 1 hour , they have to deliver 10 million dollar in unmark , small denomination bill to this bank , inside a Department helicopter , top off with fuel . and supply we with a pilot ... ( Bank manager take it all down ) explain we have hostage , and will kill one every hour , until we demand be meet . we will also kill a hostage for every cop car that come within sight of here . ( more ) ( continued ) 98 99 100 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 84 . continued : ( 2 ) 98 merrimen ( cont 'd ) further explain that if they even attempt to have a negotiator contact we , we will automatically kill another hostage . be that clear ? ( Bank manager nod ) pick up the phone . int . nick be F - 150 truck - day 99 park across the street , watch it all unfold . borracho in the back seat . the police radio on the dash come to life : police dispatcher this be parker . a 1028 be in progress at the Bank of America in montebello at 866 wilcox at Atlantic . suspect be armed ... borracho they do not cut the silent . how 's that ? tony Z key he radio , look out to gus and MURPH who sit in they crown VIC down the street , surveilling the bank 's rear : tony Z ( into radio ) the call 's into lapd . siren can be hear racing toward the scene . Nick can not believe what he 's hearing . big nick ( to tony Z ) call in , tell they we be on scene , have suspect under surveillance , and to back the fuck off !!! int . bank - day 100 a symphony of siren outside . merrimen peek out the blind . the cavalry arrive , yet evidence of it be minimal . a few lapd black and white near the bank , then disappear into the surround street . a look of satisfaction cross merrimen 's face , a conductor pleased with the sound of he symphony . enson drag the Bank manager to the vault door . the Bank manager fumble with he keys , open the vault exterior door . bank manager I only have the key for the exterior lock - ( continued ) 100 101 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 85 . continued : enson - relax . I know . just open it . int . vault - day enson enter . safety deposit box line the wall . steel - reinforce door be the last obstacle to the vault . enson start unload shape charge . on merrimen -- phone ring at Bank manager 's desk . blindfold he . merrimen pull off he gas mask : merrimen I be go to put it on speaker . you be go to answer . do not use any name . understand ? the manager nod . merrimen hit the speakerphone . voice ( over speakerphone ) this be the Los Angeles Police Department . who be I speak with ? bank manager ( hesitant , unsure ) this be the branch manager . voice May I speak with whomever 's in charge - merrimen - you be . voice okay . that 's good . let I introduce myself . I be - merrimen - I do not give a fuck who you be . be demand be meet ? voice who be I speak with now -— merrimen - answer the question . voice .-.. we be work on it as we speak . but you have to understand - 100 101 a thick , inner bosco ( continued ) 101 102 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 86 . continued : 101 merrimen - you just kill a hostage . click . merrimen cut out . end of conversation . merrimen look to bosco . bosco grab a latina , 30ish , drag she across the room . she 's terrify , quiver : latina no no no , what be you do ?! bosco drag she into the bathroom . the room fall silent . all that be hear be her whimper and pleas . dread in the air . ext . bank - day 102 down the street from the bank , 2 lapd cop huddle at a squad car with the officer in charge ( oic ) , fed lobbin 's bob , and the lapd negotiator , cell in hand . suddenly , a single gunshot be hear from within the bank . head drop . lapd negotiator Son of a bitch . Nick , tony Z , borracho walk up shaking they head . big nick what the hell you do ?! bob you be run surveillance , and let this shit go down ?!! big nick no ! we be first on scene , relax ! bob you be so full of shit , flanagan . you just get somebody kill ! big nick you hear the demand , you stupid motherfucker ! you put a fuck negotiator on ?!!! the two side be about to brawl . big nick ( cont ’d ) fuckin 's jarhead . Nice haircut - lapd cop tony Z / borracho fuck you ! fuck you ! ( continued ) 102 103 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 87 . continued : 102 bob get swat on standby . lapd negotiator they be already on the way . int . bank - day 103 all of the hostage shake with fear . donnie , bosco and enson cover the room . the phone ring . the Bank manager answer . lapd negotiator this be the Los Angeles Police Department . I will now be you contact . you can call I Tim . be this the man in charge ? merrimen glare at the Bank manager . sweat run down he face . bank manager this be the branch manager . I be speak on the man in charge 's behalf . lapd negotiator do you have a name , branch manager - the Bank manager speak urgently as he look at merrimen . bank manager - listen . they have already kill one of the hostage . a woman . they will not speak to you again . if you call back again before they demand be meet , they will kill another . just send what they want ! on the lapd negotiator -- look to lobbin ' Bob . lapd negotiator how long 's it gonna take ? bob we have not track down a helo quite yet . and right now , they be tell I , we only have about 6 million in petty cash . lapd negotiator mix in bunk bill to cover it . bob ( nod ) ... buy we 2 hour . ( continued ) 103 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 88 . continued : 103 on the bank manager and merrimen -- stare at the phone . lapd negotiator ... the money and the helicopter be en route . but , please , please understand , this take a while . you need to be patient . you need to give we 90 minute . Bank manager look to merrimen . merrimen nod . bank manager ...okay . do not call back , or another hostage die . merrimen hang up , duct -tapes the Bank manager 's mouth . enson toss merrimen a flour sack . he pull it over the Bank manager 's head . enson and donnie duct -tape all of the hostage mouth , pull white flour sack over there head . hostages start whimper , mutter prayer , think they be go to die . the crew go to the vault . except for merrimen . he pull out a cell - phone , dial . walk to the window , look outside . on big nick -- at the squad car . he , lobbin ' Bob and lapd study schematics of the bank spread out over the hood . Nick 's cell vibrate . he check the number , squint he eye , do not recognize it . big nick what 's the prefix here ? tony Z 562 . Nick step away , answer . merrimen ( over cell ) watch ? the voice make Nick freeze . he slowly turn to face the bank . big nick ...yep ... how the hell you gonna get out of this one ? on merrimen -- stare through the blind at Nick , distantly visible through the traffic down the street . ( continued ) de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 89 . 103 continued : ( 2 ) 103 merrimen not sure yet . big nick ( over cell ) .«.. you get my number from she cell ? merrimen play it very cool . just watch Nick . on big nick -- stare at the bank , and he enemy . merrimen I be not cuffing up . Nick weigh he response to the threat make clear . big nick that 's all right . I do not bring my cuff anyway ... Long pause on the other end . Nick 's eye be lock onto the bank . then : merrimen I can see that . click . merrimen hand up . come in tight on nick . he clenches he jaw , salivate , mind racing . tony Z walk up . tony Z be that who I think it be ? big nick yup . in the vault -- enson and bosco feverishly prep the shape - charge . merrimen enter , check he watch . 2:14 . camera float back into the bank , past the bound and gag hostage , into the bathroom , where the latina lie . no blood anywhere . come in tight on her -- she breath can be see against the flour sack . she 's alive . at the lapd squad car -- suddenly a thunderous thump rattles the street . the ground shake beneath there feet . telephone pole sway . car alarm go off . bob they just blow the safe . in the vault -- smoke billow . merrimen 's Pov -- look into a gaping hole . not in the safe . in the vault floor . ( continued ) de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 90 . 103 continued : ( 3 ) 103 on big nick -- with all the regulator at the squad car , huddle over schematics of the bank . big nick what 's this here ? tony Z a old sewer line . but see here ... ( point to the schematic ) look like it might have be cement off . Nick 's eye wander , stop on something 50 foot from he . a man - hole . in the middle of the street . come in on the man-hole ... on big nick -- eye on the manhole ... realization set in . big nick ... they do not blow a safe . he look to tony Z , Gus , borracho . they do not disagree . something here be very , very off . Nick turn to lobbin 's Bob : big nick ( cont 'd ) where be you with parker ?! bob we be wait on clearance , flanagan — big nick - to hell with clearance ! we gotta move ! bob ( motion to the bank ) like they be go somewhere !? relax ! Nick seethes . he look to he crew , they to he . suddenly , Nick walk off , toward he truck . reaches behind he seat , pull out a tire - iron , slam the door shut . he cut through traffic , and run straight toward the bank . on tony Z , gus , borracho , lobbin 's bob and lapd -- cognizant now of what Nick be do . tony Z , Gus can not help but laugh . gus gotta be shitting I . bob be he off he med ?! tell he to get the fuck back !!! on big nick -- too late . he pull he Glock , flip the safety off as he saunter right up to the bank 's glass door . ( continued ) 103 104 105 106 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 91 . continued : ( 4 ) 103 peer inside . sees hostage on the floor , but no sign of bad guy . pushes on the door , feel that it 's barricade . step back , swing the tire - iron into the glass door , shatter they . on tony Z , gus , borracho , MURPH -- racing to back they partner up . they present they weapon , cut across the street . on big nick -- climb through the window , weapon draw . he sweep the room , pass over the bound hostage , head back toward the vault . his heart pound in he ear and he eye widen as he move through the smoky air . int . vault - day 104 Nick enter . look down , and see it -- the gaping hole blown in the floor . a sewer -line be barely visible below . on the regulator and lapd -- breach into the bank , weapon draw . in the vault -- lapd enter . no sign of anyone . lapd cop shine he flashlight into the gape hole . and there stand Big Nick . down below in the sewer . he look up . big nick get a flashlight ? ext . neighborhood - day 105 merrimen , enson , donnie and bosco emerge from a manhole onto a nearby STREET in a quiet neighborhood . park right there , the brink armore truck . the commotion outside of the bank can be see block away . they mount the truck , start pull off they clothes for a wardrobe change . Doors shut . merrimen gun it . int . sewer tunnel - day 106 Big Nick stand at a sewer '' intersection '' , part of the endless subterranean labyrinth beneath we city street . he shine the flashlight down the various route . 40 meter behind , lapd and swat inspect the hole leave in the vault . tony Z and Gus approach Nick . both realize , the suspect be long go . which direction they fle be a pure guess game . tony Z Christ ... where do it all lead to ? ( continued ) 106 107 108 109 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 92 . continued : 106 gus where do not it ? Nick turn to face they , a wry look on he face . big nick you know what this whole thing be ? .-- it 's a decoy ... it 's a fuck decoy . they all look to one another , come to the same conclusion ... tony Z ... the fed. int . armore truck - day 107 they have slip into new outfit -- merrimen and enson into brink uniform , donnie into he din tai fung delivery clothes , bosco into dwp gear . enson ( into nextel radio ) ghetto Bird , this be lava . we confirm ? ext . rampart STREET - day 108 mack stand by a street level OPEN exchange BOX , he equipment tape in . he speak into he secure nextel : mack check . appointment 's 2:45 . get 2 minute . and that chinese better be some cold ass food . they order a hour ago , over . int . armore truck - day 109 merrimen pull to the side of the road . bosco hop out with he dwp gear . merrimen 's suburban be park there . they drive off . run a final check of the money tub 's content . Cash be bundle , secure . check the bofa deposit slip , donnie 's supplies -- over-size zip - lock bag , hair gel . enson ( into shoulder - fitte nextel ) peckerwood , all set ? donnie can hear enson in the ear - piece bury in he ear . donnie give enson a thumb up , take a deep breath . enson pull the top off one of the money tub . 110 111 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 93 . ext . bank of america —- day 110 Big Nick and he boy exit the bank , breeze past lobbin 's Bob and the lapd , who comb over the econoline Van . lobbin 's Bob shake he head to himself as Nick pass . bob you need professional help . big nick desperately ... ( shoulder tap Bob as he blow past ) my bad last time . you crime scene . Nick salute Bob with a solidarity fist pump . Bob hold he hand up in surrender , unsure where the hell Nick be go . Nick , tony Z , and Gus mount they vehicle , leave the scene . ext . the fed , armore car entrance - day 111 merrimen and enson pull up to the security gate at the fed . the receiving Guard , jackson , black , 62 , lean out from the bulletproof security booth , do not recognize they . New guy . jackson get you on a new route ? merrimen hand Jackson a scheduled drop confirmation . merrimen yeah , they switch we over this week . Jackson pick up a phone . speak into it : jackson get a 3 o'clock for bofa ? Jackson wait for the confirm , inspect the '' schedule Drop confirmation '' . he look over merrimen , glance inside the truck . receiving guard # 3 step out from the booth , hold a pole with a mirror attached to the end of it . run it along the bottom - side of the truck , inspect the underbelly . merrimen if it 's a problem , we can have base reschedule . jackson it take a sec ... while we be wait , could I bother you for you id 's ? ( continued ) 111 112 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 94 . continued : 111 merrimen hand Jackson they brink ids . Jackson look they over . merrimen shift a little . what 's take so damn long ? Jackson listen in the phone , hang up . Jackson hand merrimen they id , wave they through as the gate finally rise . int . the fed , receiving dock - day 112 merrimen guide the truck along a winding circular driveway that lead 5 storey down . they approach the receiving dock . receiving Guard #2 , monroe , guide they into the dock . merrimen and enson hop out . open the rear door of the truck , wheel out money tub , '' frb - LA '' emblazon on all . monroe B of a , 2.2 ? ( merrimen nod ) sign here . merrimen sign the receiving confirmation form . as he do , Monroe eyeball he . look at he id . monroe ( cont 'd ) you new , Marc ? merrimen yes sir . Monroe nod , glance at he watch , annoyed . this be one to watch out for . he 's suspicious by nature . fastidious . monroe you be late . merrimen yeah , we get catch up in traffic . merrimen smile . Monroe do not . monroe I do not know where they have you guy route before , but we run a tight , tight ship here . if you be go to be late , have base call in . you should know that . merrimen I know , I know . traffic be - monroe - just have they call . ( continued ) 112 113 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 95 . continued : 112 Monroe grab the clipboard . move off . enson and merrimen wheel the money tub to the receiving BAY . behind the wall of 3 '' thick bulletproof plexiglass be the count room , bustling with activity . most employee look like they have be pluck from the universal City walk . minorities with ipod in they ear , or fat white woman and old white dude with ponytail . merrimen eye the omnipresent camera above . luigi and junior approach , laugh about something , move through a series of man-trap . luigi nod to they , motion for merrimen to pass the B of a federal reserve deposit slip through a slot . merrimen do . luigi read it , shout through the glass : luigi hundred ?! ( merrimen nod ) we be a little back up . be about 45ish ! merrimen give he a thumb -up . enson push the money tub into a man - trap chute . shut he side . opposite side then open . luigi and junior punch the tub through the man-trap into the 100 dollar count room . merrimen 's Pov -- of the banknote machine . in the clear tubing , a huge stack of hundred wait to be shredd . int . the fed , 100 dollar banknote count room - day 113 merrimen 's bofa tub be in line , about 4 back . luigi and junior run bundle of 100 's through the count machine . the stack of unfit 100s grow further . junior blast power 106 . come in on the last bofa money tub . dissolve through its plastic exterior , and morph inside -- donnie rest in the darkness , curled into a ball , sitting amidst the 100 note bundle , sweat pouring from he body . he struggle to take long , slow , deep , quiet breaths . he whisper into a nextel mic hide beneath he shirt : donnie repeat offender , this peckerwood . I be in . on merrimen -- hear the message over nextel . look around . no sign of Monroe . merrimen ( quietly ) greenpeace , this be repeat offender . peckerwood be in , over . 114 115 116 117 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 96 . int . subterranean tunnel - day 114 bosco speak back into he nextel : bosco Roger that , repeat offender . light out . he engage a series of control on the grid . int . the fed , security nerve CENTER - day 115 cam check the security control board , shake he head . shout through the bulletproof glass to johnny : cam we be brown again ! gotta shut down . pull ’em out of the count room ! johnny nod , speak into a secure radio , as cam check the surveillance screen . come in on monitor 14 -- the count room . int . the fed , receiving dock - day 116 tight on merrimen 's ear . a earpiece inside . lock into the internal radio wavelength . overhear johnny : johnny ( in earpiece ) .-.. we be go brown . gotta shut down for a bit . all team go ahead and take 10 . merrimen ( quietly into nextel ) get ready to go . int . the fed , 100 dollar banknote count room - day 117 luigi shut down the count machine . he and junior punch out of the man-trap , step into the hallway , lock the door . quiet inside now . just the sound of power 106 . on merrimen -- through several wall of man-trap glass , he see junior and luigi leave the count room . merrimen ( into nextel ) you be clear . on donnie -- cramme inside the tub . very , very slowly open the top lid . he look to the fluorescent light panel 10 's above . he extend a thin , rigged car antenna , inch it out , extend it upward . 2 foot further . ( continued ) 117 118 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 97 . continued : 117 on merrimen -- he and enson feign interest in the LA Times . merrimen 's eye furtively glance around -- merrimen can make out the antenna . all the fed employees head for the cafeteria . on donnie -- couple of inch further . on cam -- in the security nerve center , read a mag instead of look at monitor 14 , where the antenna be barely visible . on donnie -- lightly jerk the antenna up , into the fluorescent bulb . jabbing it . can not break it . on merrimen -- 2 employee walk right past the 100 banknote count room . merrimen and enson tense . the employee disappear into the cafeteria . on donnie -- jerk it again . pop . a small shower of glass . the bulb go dark , cause the entire BAY of fluorescent to flicker slightly . donnie quickly inch down the antenna . donnie ( into mic ) be I clear ? on merrimen -- see the light flicker . scan the area . merrimen ( whisper into nextel ) clear . go. go. on cam -- still read . monitor 14 goe dim . white noise . on donnie -- slide the top open further . look around . Holy shit . he 's here . fed employee walk past , down the hallway . he lower to the ground , crawl over to the count machine . to the clear tube , just above the shredd compartment . his eye widen as he take in the sight -- pile and pile of 100 dollar note . tens of million of dollar . from underneath he shirt , he slide out the oversize zip - lock bag . click open a undercarriage of the tub , reach in , and start shove money into the zip - lock . int . nick's truck - day 118 Big Nick tear through city street . Gus white - knuckle it while riding shotgun . tony Z in back . Nick key the radio : ( continued ) 118 119 120 121 122 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 98 . continued : 118 big nick ( into radio ) we will take north south street , fig and Grand . you take east west , 6th and 8th . int . crown VIC - day 119 Murph drive , haul 's ass . borracho ride shotgun , on the radio : borracho ( into radio ) we get it . int . the fed cafeteria - day 120 fed employee watch tv , munch on shit from vend machine . doris , the fat black girl with long candy - stripe fingernails , check she watch . her '' buddy '' sharon be upset : sharon what 's take they so goddamn long ? doris need to lose weight anyway , honey . Sharon dial a company phone . other end answer : male voice ( thick chinese accent ) Din tai fong . sharon it 's Sharon , at the fed . we order almost a hour and a half ago . I only have so much time for a lunch break - ext . rampart street - day 121 mack , on the verizon test phone , do he best chinaman : mack - es come . be dare in a few meenute . Sharon huff . she hang up . int . the fed , 100 dollar banknote count room - day 122 donnie work as fast as he can , rifling cash into zip - lock . merrimen ( over earpiece ) they just call for the chinese . hurry . ( continued ) de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 99 . 122 continued : 122 donnie fill another bag , seal it , circumvent the shredder , and stuff it into the chute that lead into the floor . the zip - lock bag slide downward out of sight . camera follows the zip - lock -- fill with million of unshredded dollar , as it splashes into the vat , where the mixing arm stir the bag into the wet cement . 123 int . the fed , security nerve CENTER - day 123 johnny enter . notice monitor 14 be on the fritz . johnny 14 ? cam look . tap the screen . nothing . johnny ( cont 'd ) be motion out in there ? cam yeah . we be still brown . johnny better override , turn it on . on donnie -- shoveling bag down the chute , when he notice a red beam on he arm . he freeze . on cam -- a light flash on monitor 14 , and a alarm sound . cam ( into secure radio ) luigi , you there ? on luigi -- in the cafeteria . clip the radio off he belt . luigi ( into radio ) yeah ? cam ( over radio ) check the 100 count . motion just go off . on merrimen -- have over hear it all . he look to enson : merrimen step on they . Quick . enson reach in he pocket , press down on a secure radio '' talk '' button . ( continued ) 123 124 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 100 . continued : 123 merrimen ( cont 'd ) ( whisper into nextel ) get out now . you set it off . get out . on donnie -- shut the shredd tube . scurries behind the count machine , to a AIR vent in the floor . start unscrew the screw hold it down . on luigi -- hit '' talk '' to speak , but get cut off by static come from the radio . on cam -- hit '' talk '' on he radio . cam ( into radio ) luigi , you - but all he get be loud static and whistle . cam ( cont 'd ) ( into radio ) damnit . luigi , you be steppin’ on I . nothing but feedback . he slam the radio . cam ( cont 'd ) what 's go on here today ?! ( to johnny ) somebody 's steppin’ on the goddamn radio . int . the fed cafeteria - day 124 cam enter , shout to luigi . cam you gotta let go of the talk button . you be steppin’ on the line ! luigi ( hold up he radio ) it 's not I . we back on yet ? cam no. check the 100 count please . motion go off . switch to line 5 . on luigi and junior -- walk toward the count room . on donnie -- frantic . fumble with the screws . one leave . merrimen ( over ear - mic ) they be right there . 15 second . ( continued ) 124 125 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 101 . continued : 124 on luigi and junior -- approach the man-trap . on donnie -- unscrew the last one . lift up the vent . on luigi and junior -- punch in they code . on merrimen and enson -- about to explode . enson look to he right . Monroe 's look at he . enson look away . on luigi and junior -- man-trap click open . they enter , search the room . luigi peek behind the count machine . nothing back here . just wire , outlet , dust , and the air - vent . luigi punch the radio -- all static . he remember , switch to line 5 : luigi ( into radio ) this be luigi . nothing here . on merrimen -— merrimen ( into nextel ) where be you ? int . the fed , ventilation system - day 125 donnie , squeeze inside of the AIR - duct , cool AIR - conditioned wind blasting past he . his heart pound . donnie ( into mic ) in the vent . on merrimen -- all he hear be wind - blow static . merrimen ( into nextel ) say again ? ( there 's no answer ) --.shit . on luigi -- cam 's voice come over he radio : cam ( over luigi 's radio ) I all juice up the room . run the count , make sure it 's on . power return to the count machine . luigi and junior continue they job of feed the cash into the machine . ( continued ) 125 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 102 . continued : 125 luigi wave to merrimen and enson , get they attention , mouth and motion to they , '' give we 20 minute . '' on merrimen and enson -- wave back , '' no problem . '' merrimen ( into nextel ) greenpeace . you be do . cut out . on bosco -- bosco Roger that , cut out . bosco hurriedly cut out , pull wire , resetting the power . he pack up he gear and rush toward the exit . on junior -- open merrimen 's bofa tub . first one , full . second one , full . third one -- only a dozen bundle lie haphazardly on the bottom of the tub . junior they put like 10 bundle in this tub . luigi look back , furrow he brow , then shrug . he turn on the shredder . come in on the remain 100 dollar note in the clear exit tube , as they be suck into the shredder . on donnie -- in the ventilation shaft . almost pitch black in here . Light creep in through the air vent . he crawl as fast and quietly as he can , air blow in he face . come to a ventilation - system intersection . pull a SMALL note from he pocket written on a hofbrau bar napkin -- a hand - drawn map of the ventilation - system , with a red -line designate he route . it point up . donnie look up . 12 foot above be a open to another shaft . on luigi and junior -- finish the count . luigi check a counter on the machine -- a number visible in red LED . luigi what 's the total ? junior Seven twelve , two one four . the LED counter read -- 712,214 . luigi grab the radio . luigi ( into radio ) the count be on . ( continued ) 125 126 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 103 . continued : ( 2 ) 125 on merrimen -- watch as junior and luigi head they way through the man-trap toward he . on donnie -- climb up , foot and hand press into the side of the shaft . exhausting , slow , isometric movement . donnie 's muscle quiver . he reach for the vent open , almost lose he grip , slip , grab on with he fingertip . one final heave , he pull himself into the upper ventilation shaft . cringe in pain , he finger throbbing . he wedge himself in . Light spill up from a vent 20 's ahead . look at he map . X mark the spot , right over that vent . he start to wiggle forward , get stuck . it 's too narrow . on merrimen -- luigi return the deposit receipt and tub . luigi ( cont 'd ) ( shout through the glass ) why have you only have like 10 bundle in the last tub ? merrimen I be sorry ? luigi the third tub . it be practically empty . merrimen ... that 's the way we get ’em . luigi next time you have anything less than 20 bundle , just put they in a cash sack . a lot easier . merrimen sorry about that . just learn the rope . luigi nod . merrimen wave bye politely , move for the truck . donnie -- stick in the shaft . he 's pull he shirt off , and be rub hair - gel all over the shaft 's wall . he extend he arm forward , start drag himself through the shaft . it work . he squeeze toward the open ahead , the tightness of the shaft 's wall press on he chest , cause he to gasp in short breath . int . nick's truck - day 126 barrel ahead . downtown skyline can be see . 127 128 129 130 131 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 104 . int . the fed , ventilation shaft - day 127 donnie drag himself to the vent . next to the vent , in the shaft , be the plastic din tai fung take - out bag . donnie 's Pov -- just below be the menus bathroom . he 's directly above one of the three toilet stall . the bathroom 's empty . donnie take a deep breath , then pull up the vent . he drop the chinese take - out onto the middle stall floor . stall # 2 . int . armore truck - day 128 merrimen drive , wind up the circular driveway . Jackson raise the gate , wave '' bye '' to merrimen and enson . merrimen smile , give Jackson a two - finger salute . int . the fed , men 's bathroom — day 129 donnie lower himself down , when the bathroom door open . he quickly pull he leg back up . hold he breath . it 's johnny . he move for stall # 1 . sit on the toilet , groan . if he be to look up , he have see a sweaty bare - chest man hover over he in the vent , cover in pink hair- gel . but he do not . he 's enjoy he quiet time . johnny finish up , flush , and leave . donnie go for it , quickly hop down into the stall . he pull he shirt back on . tries to wipe the gel off of he arm with toilet paper . flushes it down . he come out of the stall . check himself in the mirror . wipe sweat from he forehead . calm himself . this be it . ext . downtown street - day 130 the armore truck pull up next to merrimen 's suburban , park roadside . bosco 's at the wheel . bosco follow merrimen as they pull out into the street . int . the fed cafeteria - day 131 doris and Sharon pay donnie . donnie -..one of the guy do not come into work . they have I do all the delivery . doris I be sorry , I would tip you honey , but that just take too damn long . ( continued ) 131 132 133 134 135 136 137 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 105 . continued : 131 doris wink at donnie . donnie nod sheepishly , leave . int . the fed , waste disposal area - day 132 the waste disposal guy toss the money brick into the dumpster . come in on one of the brick -- a corner of one of the zip - lock protrude a inch out of the brick . int . the fed , hallway - day 133 donnie move toward the elevator , pass the janitor . glance at he . the janitor be wolfgang . int . the fed , elevator - day 134 donnie , tension rack he body , can not stop fidget , sweat . the elevator door open . int . the fed cafeteria - day 135 doris and Sharon , open all the little take - out box . int . the fed , waste disposal area - day 136 the hulking orange waste management truck beep - beep as it back up to the dumpster . alexi hop out , lower the lift arm , and unload the dumpster into the belly of he truck . int . the fed , lobby - day 137 donnie approach the exit man -trap . the man-trap open . donnie enter , wave nicely to the secret service guard out front . look at the red light , wait for it to turn green . on the secret service guard -- check the sign - in sheet . doesn't see donnie 's name . furrow he brow . on doris and sharon -- digging into the food , take famish bite . Sharon stop chew . spit the food out into a napkin . look up at doris in disgust . doris shrug : doris what ? damn you be finicky . donnie -- wait in the man-trap . eyeing the light . still red . secret service guard -- flipping through the sign - in sheet . look for donnie 's name . confused . glare at donnie . sharon -- she 's on she cell - phone , piss off . ( continued ) 137 138 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 106 . continued : 137 sharon I wait almost 2 hour and when it finally come it 's cold ?! what kind of bullshit - cou -chi 's voice - mar ’am ! ma ’am . I sorry . I get no oder fom you today . no oder . you never call . sharon we never call ?! int . the fed , lobby - day 138 secret service Guard still stare at donnie , when the phone at he desk start ringing . finally , he hit the man-trap button . on donnie -- light turn GREEN , and the man-trap open . secret service guard sorry to keep you wait buddy , but ah ... the phone at he security desk continue to ring . secret service guard ( cont ’d ) I do not have you sign in . I just stare my shift , but , I do not see you name . show donnie the sign - in sheet . sure enough , he name be not there . the phone be still ringing . the guard reach for it . donnie I think I sign in with what 's he name ? the guy on the last shift . secret service Guard debate . look at donnie . he carry nothing . screw it . the phone still ring . have to answer this . secret service guard forget it . have a good one , buddy . donnie all right , you too . donnie head for the front door , quicken he pace as the Guard answer the phone . come in on secret service guard as he answer . Sharon can be hear on the other end , shouting something . secret service guard wait . what ? ( continued ) 138 139 140 141 142 143 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 107 . continued : 138 secret service Guard furrow he brow , look outside , see donnie disappear into the downtown street . ext . downtown street - day 139 on donnie -- hustling away from the fed , look back over he shoulder , try not to break out into a sprint . round a corner , spot a verizon van park there . head for it . ext . the fed - day 140 on cam , johnny , secret service guard -- search the street for donnie , as the orange waste management truck pass by . camera follows the Orange truck as it head south on Grand . a block ahead , armore truck and merrimen 's suburban merge into traffic , and follow it . int . nick be F - 150 truck - day 141 on nick , gus and tony Z -- desperately search the downtown street for they suspect . Gus and tony Z share a look . int . armore truck - day 142 on merrimen -- tailing the Orange truck , do he best to negotiate the heavy Friday traffic . the suburban be ahead , hold a tighter tail . merrimen can not keep up . merrimen ( into nextel ) stay tight stay tight ! I be stick . tries to change lane . someone behind honk , block he in . int . suburban - day 143 on bosco -- behind the wheel , 3 car length back . the Orange truck approach a traffic light . it turn yellow . the Orange truck accelerate , blow the light . bosco swerve into a open lane . still yellow . he gun it . it turn red . see a motorcycle cop . cringe as he blow the red . bosco look back . motorcycle cop bang a leave , do not notice . bosco sigh , look ahead -- the Orange truck turn right block ahead . bosco punch it . Bangs a right . bosco ( into nextel ) go right on gage ! right on gage ! 144 145 146 147 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 108 . ext . vernon street / vernon CITY dump - day 144 the Orange waste management truck turn down a small side - street , near the vernon CITY dump . cross a alley that intersect the street . the armore truck emerge from the alley , cut the orange truck off . the Orange truck 's brake lock up . squeal to a halt . behind , the suburban sandwiches the orange truck in . bosco jump from the suburban , hk in hand . run up to the Orange truck 's cab , point the hk inside . bosco get out ! the Driver take one step out , when bosco bring the butt of the hk across he skull . the driver collapse in a ball . bosco jump into the truck 's cab , enson into the suburban . all 3 vehicle tear away from the scene . come in on the waste management driver , grimace in pain . only it be not alexi . it 's bas . ext . downtown street - day 145 on donnie -- near the Verizon Van . mack appear next to it , meet eye with donnie . then mack suddenly back up . donnie spin . a vehicle almost run he off the road , slam to a stop . donnie jump to avoid get hit . Doors open . donnie be grab , toss in . abducted in second . mack turn away , play it off as if uninvolved . the vehicle take off . Nick 's F - 150 . ext . '' pacific auto scrap & salvage '' , south gate - day 146 a sprawling , neglect junk yard . scrape car stack 5 high . the armore truck pull into the yard , the suburban and Orange truck right behind it . they all come to a stop . samoan mafia , enson 's bros , receive the armore truck . merrimen jump out of the armore , retrieve he gear . enson nod to he samoan boy . they immediately start to strip - down the armore truck , make it disappear . int . nick's truck - day 147 tony Z rough donnie up in back . Nick look at they captive . ( continued ) 147 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 109 . continued : 147 donnie 's scared , confuse , can not believe he get burn . Nick have have it . he let go of the wheel , lurch back at donnie , attack he , pound he face . big nick asshole , where be he ?! Nick tear at donnie 's shirt , and in the process rip the mic and a nextel transmitter from donnie 's waist . Nick look at it briefly . then throw it out the window . on merrimen -- load gear into the suburban , when he hear the commotion over the nextel . he strain to hear more closely , but the line go dead . on nick 's truck -- donnie be curl into a defensive ball . blood pour from he mouth . tony Z cuff donnie 's right hand to the door handle , jam a gun into gut . tony Z game 's up , that 's it . donnie Pacific salvage . junk yard in South Gate . donnie look to they . they to he , make sure this be solid . donnie ( cont 'd ) that 's we rally point . ditch the truck there . they 's 1ll get there any minute , if they be not already . Nick and tony Z share a look . it 's solid . Nick step on it , get on the radio . Gus bring the location up on they gps . big nick ( into radio ) Pacific Auto scrap and salvage . alameda corridor , South Gate ... on merrimen -- nextel suddenly crackle in merrimen 's ear . mack ( over nextel ) repeat offender , ghetto Bird . peckerwood be burn , over . merrimen push the nextel deeper into he ear : merrimen ( into nextel ) repeat ?! ( continued ) 147 148 149 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 110 . continued : ( 2 ) 147 mack ( over nextel ) peckerwood be burn ! they get he . merrimen stop , squeeze he eye shut . mack ( cont 'd ) ( over nextel ) but I be clean . where be I go man ?!! merrimen pause , do not respond . then he click off . int . crown VIC - day 148 Murph and borracho listen to Nick 's lead over radio : big nick ( over radio ) .+. suspect there now . we be 5 minute out . borracho pull it up on they gps . Murph key they siren . they slice through and past traffic . ext . '' pacific auto scrap & salvage '' , south gate - day 149 frantic , focus activity as the Orange truck be wipe down , stripe of any incriminate evidence . enson throw all of the brink gear in a barrel . pour lighter fluid all over the clothes , light the barrel aflame . bosco engage the dump -truck 's control . the rear of the dump - truck rise and open , all of its content spilling out . merrimen and bosco rifle through the pile of refuse , find the money brick . they quickly drag they to the suburban , throw they in back . slam the rear door . merrimen fire up the suburban 's engine . enson look to he : enson we other two ? merrimen they be burn . enson nod , but do not like it . bosco jump in the suburban . enson look to he samoan bros , then mount up . they tear out . 150 151 152 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 111 . ext . alameda corridor - dusk 150 semis , Big rigs , and rush hour traffic pack the main artery into the Port of Los Angeles . the suburban push through aggressively best it can . int . suburban - dusk 151 tension thick as they progress be slowed further by gridlock . enson check he watch . merrimen 's eye bounce back and forth between the road ahead and the rear-view mirror . bosco pass out they travel doc and passenger manifest . traffic grind down to complete stop . merrimen 's eye be now pin to the rear-view . bosco start to peel off he armor . merrimen keep you vest on . bosco stop . he and enson look to merrimen . merrimen ( cont 'd ) about 30 , 40 car back ... look . enson tense , follow merrimen 's gaze , look back . enson 's Pov -- through the exhaust and congestion behind they , bury in deep traffic , be a vehicle we recognize . nick 's F - 150 . both enson and bosco turn , strain to get a cleaner view . bosco be it ?! enson ( to bosco ) give I that . enson motion to one of the hk -416s . bosco hand it over . enson raise it , look through the gun 's sight at the F - 150 . enson ( cont 'd ) motherfucker . int . nick be F - 150 truck - dusk 152 on big nick -- eye lock on the suburban ahead . they visual be occasionally block by semis . Gus and tony Z tighten they vest , check they mag , flip safety off . ( continued ) 152 153 154 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 112 . continued : 152 big nick ( into radio ) be advise , they be wear full body armor . no center mass shot . aim for limb and vital only . borracho ( over radio ) 10 - 4. the gridlock reach they . they grind to a halt . int . crown VIC - dusk 153 Murph edge the car into the far right emergency lane , overtake a chunk of traffic . get a visual on the suburban . borracho ( into radio ) come up on suspect 's 4 o'clock ! move on suspect from they rear ! borracho get a clean view of the suburban 3 lane over and just ahead . tap Murph 's arm : borracho ( cont 'd ) here here here ! Murph throw it into park . they grab carbine and extra mag . int . suburban - dusk 154 enson and bosco 's head be on a swivel , search the traffic behind for income threat . enson spot something , what look like movement between car -- cop getting out of the F - 150 . he slam he fist into the dash in frustration . merrimen grab enson by the arm , hard . merrimen hey ! enson slap merrimen 's hand away , turn melancholy . enson what do I tell you ? what do I tell you ?!! merrimen glare at he , then raise he eyebrow , question he manhood . all say without word . merrimen motion to the adjacent neighborhood , and the myriad way to flee . merrimen go ahead ... I be not ditching . ( continued ) 154 155 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 113 . continued : 154 enson 's eye burn hot . he do not blink , do not take he eye off of he lifelong teammate , and crimey . then , he eye glaze over , as resignation set in . enson turn to bosco : enson give I the 48 . bosco pass enson the 7.62 cal mk48 machine - gun . enson clip on the mk48 ammo box , open the feed - tray and chamber the link , slam it close , and yank the charge handle to the rear of the gun . ready for war . ext . alameda corridor - dusk 155 camera push low and steady through the traffic toward the suburban . one by one , nick and the cop move into frame , crouch low , use the vehicle as cover . they signal one another , spread out into different lane , approach the suburban . on merrimen -- a break in the traffic . vehicle ahead begin to slowly , painfully move . merrimen urge they on . on big nick -- eye wide as he close in . he signal to motorist as he pass they , quietly order they to : big nick stay down , down !! behind you engine ! on borracho -- come at the suburban from it 's 4 o-clock . see the break in traffic ahead , quicken he pace . motion for citizen to '' stay down ! '' he bring up he carbine , aim sight at the suburban 's passenger door , when the door burst open . borracho police ! put you hand on the dash !!! enson opt to step out , massively clad in head to toe body armor , the mk48 in hand . it 's a terrifying sight . borracho fire , get off two round that thump into enson 's chest . enson turn on borracho and open FIRE on full auto . flame spew from the gun 's muzzle as bullet riddle borracho , CUT he down where he stand . the gunfire so loud , rapid and powerful , it sound like the air be tear . a maelstrom of gunfire explode all around as Nick and the cop open fire on enson and the suburban from various position . round puncture the suburban in cluster , shatter window . ( continued ) 155 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 114 . continued : 155 various shriek of terror and panic from the motorist . horn blare as some car attempt to push through the hotzone . bosco jump out the driver side and return FIRE on the cop , drop to a kneel position to increase accuracy . on big nick and the cop -- take cover from bosco 's fire . on donnie -- still cuffed in the truck , tug frantically at the door handle , try to free himself . on bosco -- signal merrimen : bosco move !!!! with bosco 's cover - fire , merrimen slip out and dash for the surrounding neighborhood and side street . enson ( shout to bosco ) peel off !!! bosco peel off , bound behind and past enson as enson lay down awesome fire . the cacophony be deafen . on bosco -- as bosco come to merrimen 's position , he tap merrimen 's shoulder as he pass . with that , merrimen pop up and open fire with hk416 . merrimen ( shout to enson ) tll enson now bound past merrimen , as they perform a defensive peel to perfection . the rate of fire and it 's sound , be rhythmic . and to the train ear , beautiful . a symphony of war . on big nick and the cop -- struggle to get a shot off , but keep pace , stalking the enemy . Nick come to borracho , dead . Nick grimace , pop up and open fire aggressively . on donnie -- can not get out of the cuff . then he notice something . hairgel . still smudge on he forearm . on MURPH -- press in on bosco , as bosco run for the neighborhood . get shot off , hit bosco , but absorb by body armor . bosco turn on Murph , return fire . MURPH take round to the shoulder and arm . he howl in pain and drop . ( continued ) 155 156 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 115 . continued : ( 2 ) 155 bosco reload , and move to finish off Murph . Murph fire wild shot , some miss , other stop by bosco 's seemingly impenetrable armor . Murph be a fatality in a millisecond . on tony Z -- try to get a clean shot on bosco , who constantly move . he drop to prone position , aim beneath the car at bosco 's shin and feet . fire . on bosco -- move to finish Murph off , when bullet tear through he shin , blow up he fibula . he scream , drop , finally a stationary target . he spray the rest of he clip wildly . on tony Z -- get bosco 's head in he sight . fire . downs bosco with a killshot to the dome . ext . wilimington neighborhood - dusk 156 on merrimen and enson -- last man stand . they continue to bound and peel , lay down steady fire while in constant motion , put on a tactical clinic . with the cop take cover , merrimen and enson retreat , sprint into the neighborhood . on nick , tony Z , and gus -- hearing the lull in fire , they take off in pursuit , reload while they run . fan out to either side of the street , use car , anything as cover . big nick ( to Gus ) flank ’em flank ’em ! on gus -- breaking right into the backyard of house , hustling and hurdling wall and fence in a effort to pass the enemy , catch they unaware on they blind side . on merrimen , enson -- take cover behind a vehicle , open fire on Nick , tear the street to shred . merrimen run dry . enson ( scream to merrimen over fire ) move !!! merrimen peel off while enson continue fire . on nick and tony Z -- in cover as mind - numbing gunfire fill the air . this be urban warfare ; close , frenzied , fast , loud . silence again . they pop up , spot merrimen , enson disappearing into a sideyard . they chase they into the house , break off . ( continued ) 156 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 116 . continued : 156 on tony Z -- at street level , move into and through house and they backyard . he slow , do not want to make a noise to reveal he position . on merrimen -- take quiet cover in a backyard . he silently reload . listen for the cop . on enson -- move slow and quiet through a house . on nick -- use a trash can to climb up onto a roof . he sweep yard by yard below , leap onto the next roof . he inch forward , finger feathering the trigger . on merrimen -- he slide in he last mag . it click quietly . on nick -- hearing the faint click . he freeze , look to the yard below . then he eye land on something . he shadow . on the backyard 's cinderblock wall . he cringe . on merrimen -- sees the shadow . of someone on the roof above . turn to it , open fire . bullet shreed the drywall and roofing . on nick -- dive out of the way as bullet puncture through . run and jump down to the sideyard , eat shit . recover . round the corner , fire on merrimen as merrimen sprint off . on enson -- slip out of a house when a mastiff bark at he , give up he position . he shoot the dog . too late . tony Z fire on enson 's position from inside a house . enson return fire with the mk48 , virtually cut the house in half . enson run dry . he 's out . he drop the gun . on tony Z -- in a house , flat on the ground . hear a heavy gun clatter to the ground . he burst outside . enson be go . on nick -- hunt merrimen , suck in air . merrimen move constantly , crossing a alley into a container yard . Nick can not get a clean shot . merrimen fire a few round , slow Nick . on tony Z -- hearing merrimen 's shot , look for enson . he spot fleck of blood on the ground . follow they . on enson -- move up a alley , down to he handgun . exhausted , injure . blood soak he pants . come to a quiet street . no one there . except for a man parking he car . he go for the car , he ride to freedom , when he eye widen . Gus . aiming he carbine right at enson 's expose head . ( continued ) 156 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 117 . continued : ( 2 ) 156 gus drop the gun ! drop the gun ! enson do not . so Gus fire . enson take a round to he upper torso . drop to a knee , gun fall from he hand . enson collapse backwards . blood pour down he arm . Gus rush enson , kick he gun away . kneel beside he . Color begin to fade from enson 's face , as he slowly bleed out . siren can be hear approach in the distance . a whistle . Gus look up -- tony Z , look to gus. gus signal enson be do . tony Z nod , take off after Nick . enson squeeze Gus 's arm , look to he . enson 's lip start to quiver , and tear pool in he eye , as he can feel he life slip away . enson talk weakly . enson ... look after they , please ... gus ( shake he head ) I tell you to drop it , my brother - enson squeeze Gus 's arm harder yet , the last of he strength . gus ( cont 'd ) ( into radio ) I have a suspect with several gunshot wound , need a ambulance on the corner of macfarland , and East C street ! enson - my kid ... please ... i...shit ... Gus clasp enson 's hand in a gesture of pure humanity . gus I know . it 's ok . you be in his hand now . enson 's eye fill with raw fear . his breath begin to rasp . enson -.- my my my ... shit ... shit .... despite it all , Gus just keep nodd in comfort , mask the profound effect this die man be have upon he . gus it 's ok . you be in his hand ... ( continued ) 156 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 118 . continued : ( 3 ) 156 Gus say a prayer , as enson take he last breath . Gus remain there , at he side , as enson 's soul depart , and siren near . on merrimen -- move from cover to cover through the neighborhood maze of home , car , fence and wall . round lite up he position . a few thump into he armor . he spot nick , return fire , suppress Nick 's barrage . round from he 9 . tony Z. merrimen turn on tony Z , lay down steady burst . merrimen alternate firing in a staccato 3 round rhythm on tony Z and nickan position , as he retreat . tony Z take a round to the arm . scream . grip he gun-hand forearm . blood gush between he finger . he take cover . merrimen take cover behind a corner . quickly reload , as he can hear they move in . press the barrel of he hk416 against the wall 's corner , peek out , and open fire on full auto . Nick move to cover , then unload on merrimen 's position . round ping off he gun . the battle be loud and intense , the eardrum pierce fire echoe and reverberate heavily across the neighborhood . dog bark . merrimen run dry . he duck back for cover , search for a fresh mag , check he vest , belt . can not find one . he’s out . come in tight on merrimen , as this devastating realization set in . he shut he eye , then slowly open they again . he take in the distant view -- the sprawling Port of LA , commerce 's heart , extend to the horizon . it be light from below by a sea of vapor light , above by a hazy , blood red sky . he look down to the weapon in he blood - fleck hand , and resign himself to that fact that , he time here , have come to a end . push flower . and so it shall be ... he stand , grip he weapon , then round the corner , move out of cover . Big Nick wait for he there . merrimen walk directly at nick , raising he weapon . so nick end it . nick fire multiple round into merrimen . several find there MARK . merrimen collapse to the ground . Nick stand over merrimen . merrimen take short , shallow breath . he say something to Nick , he voice barely a whisper : merrimen ... tell you ... ( continued ) 156 157 158 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 119 . continued : ( 4 ) 156 Nick meet eye with merrimen , then nod . watch as merrimen 's breathe slow , and body go slack . Nick reach down , check merrimen 's pulse . ray merrimen be dead . big nick .+- yeah you do . tony Z come over , look down at merrimen , motion to he hk . tony Z no mag . Dead man 's gun ... he be empty . Nick pick up merrimen 's weapon , check the chamber . indeed it be . he and tony share a know look . suicide by cop . ext . alameda corridor - dusk 157 the crime scene have be cordon off , the traffic move out . a sheet cover borracho 's body . on big nick -- open he truck 's door , toss he gear inside , then freeze . a pair of hand - cuff dangle from the door handle , with no one attach to they . donnie be gone . Nick spin , search the area . donnie 's nowhere to be see . big nick what ?!!! int . suburban - dusk 158 Nick search merrimen 's truck , sift through extra ammo and the travel doc . he open the rear door . zip OPEN the oversize canvas bag there , find the money brick inside . tony Z come up , arm bandage . Nick pull a knife from he belt , rip into one of the brick . big nick do that . tony Z do the same , tear apart the other brick . one by one , the money brick break apart into thousand of tiny piece of shredd money , spill out onto the ground like confetti . but not one banknote . not one note of legal tender . nothing . it 's all shredd cash . all of it . Nick stare at it in disbelief . ( continued ) 158 159 160 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 120 . continued : 158 big nick ( cont ’d ) so they be gonna make fuck snow globe ? like , 10,000 of they ? tony Z just shake he head in surrender . tony Z you gonna call borracho 's wife ? ( Nick sigh deeply , nod ) .-- all right . I be go home . Nick lean against the suburban , exhaust , and rub he temple . tony Z leave . Nick watch as he go , look out over the vast crime scene , and just stand there a while . int . lasd headquarters , major crime - night 159 camera push in slowly on nick , who sit alone on the far side of the otherwise empty office . Nick finish up a somber conversation with borracho 's wife , hang up . Nick sit slump at he desk , look at the crime wall . the photo tack up there of suspect merrimen , enson , and bosco , have big red xs strike across they . only one do not . donnie 's . Nick stare at it . int . hofbrau - night 160 same lurky character . Ziggy 's behind the bar tonight . Nick walk in , look for donnie . do not see he . approach Ziggy : big nick donnie around ? ziggy no . he qvit two day ago . big nick you have not see he anywhere ? ziggy no . I say , he qvit . Nick take a seat at the bar , project defeat . his head sink into he hand . ziggy ( cont 'd ) you need a trink ? ( continued ) 160 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 121 . continued : 160 big nick very much so . beer . you pick . Ziggy pour the beer . Nick take a long sip . his eye wander over behind the bar . to the little sign that read , '' loose lip sink ship . '' Nick stare at it for a second . then he eye move over to the photo of the soccer team , '' hofbrau '' emblazon on the player 's jersey . Nick notice something . one of the player on the team , be donnie . Nick look closer . next to donnie be someone else who look familiar . Nick squint he eye . it 's bosco , the goalie . next to bosco be a black guy . mack . all on the same team . a SOUND to he leave . laughter . Nick look . four people enter . two be luigi and junior . they all wear they id tag on they shirt . as they pass by he , Nick get a closer look . the tag read , '' federal reserve bank , los angele branch . '' Nick look around the bar -- uniform man sit in one corner . the patch on they uniform read , '' secret service . Federal Reserve Bank . '' one of they be jackson . in another corner , more id tag . cam , johnny , other . laugh , drink , relax after work . at the end of the bar -- brink armed guard , and al , the brink secretary . then it hit he -- everybody in this bar work at the fed . Nick 's eye go to a placard with donnie' photo on it . below he photo be the word , '' employee of the year : 2010 , 2011 . '' come in on nick's dumbstruck face . quick cut of nick 's flashback Pov --— * donnie , behind the bar , serve Nick a drink . donnie .»+- you put a few drink in a man , a nice steak on he plate , a couple of woman walk around ... it all come out . + donnie , tend bar at the hofbrau . bosco seat there , put down the Cuba libre . this time , the scene be heard . donnie ( cont 'd ) if you guy be look to get into something , I get a score that 's ripe . bosco ..- what kind ? ( continued ) 160 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 122 . continued : ( 2 ) 160 donnie the really profitable kind . ( they share a look ) can you make a intro ? + donnie , at the '' pomona mining CO . '' restaurant , sit with merrimen . bosco wait in the b.g. : merrimen why have you come to I ? donnie Heard you be the only one who can pull this off . merrimen .-. if we do this , I bring in my crimey . and as far as they be concerned , this be my job . not yours . just the way it have to be . donnie I have no problem with that ... * donnie , at Holly 's place , pour over everything donnie cull at the hofbrau -- schematics , hand - drawn map on bar napkins , photograph of the fed. merrimen be amaze . merrimen how do you get ahold of all of this ? donnie collect it . over time . + a series of rapid cut of donnie tending bar , talking to different people -- brink armed Guards ; Jackson ; Monroe ; secret service Guards ; johnny ; doris ... + cam , drawing a map of the fed 's ventilation system on a bar napkin and explain it to donnie . + junior and luigi , drunk off they ass , explain to donnie how the count machine work . back to nick , at the hofbrau . he turn to the man next to he at the bar . wolfgang . wolfgang jabber away drunkenly to Ziggy . wolfgang ( whisper ) .-.- I tell you , somebody , if zey ver smart , vould rob the place during von of zese blackout . it vould vork . ( continued ) 160 161 162 163 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 123 . continued : ( 3 ) 160 he stare at the soccer team photo . look at the other player on the team . see the waste- management guy -- bas and alexi . + donnie and bas -- load soiled cello - phane brick into the hull of a orange waste -management truck . + alexi , drive the waste management truck , see bosco in the black suburban behind he . he bang a right . a identical orange waste -management truck wait there . as alexi pass , he look over to bas , behind the wheel of the second truck . as Bas pull out onto the street , alexi disappear onto a side street . gone . + bosco -- pull Bas from the waste-management truck . + donnie -- with mack , Bas and alexi , load the real money brick into samsonite . come in on the protrude zip -lock . they prep the samsonite to be ship . come in on the address -- '' ST . maarten . virgin Islands . '' int . credit lyonnaise bank , ST . maarten - day 161 donnie sit at the desk of the bank manager . the samsonite lie behind the desk . donnie I would like to open five separate account ... ext . credit lyonnaise bank , ST . maarten - day 162 donnie exit . approach 4 people -- mack , bas , alexi , and doris . hand they each a '' credit lyonnaise '' envelope . doris never eat chinese again . that 's for goddamn sure . donnie ( chuckle , put on sunglass ) .+- have a good life . they walk off in separate direction , disappear into the world . ext . the hofbrau - night 163 Nick walk out of the bar , in a daze . he look down the street . and there it be -- the fed , just two block away . ( continued ) 163 164 165 de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 124 . continued : 163 come in on nick . his eye wave the white flag . he 's speechless . but he do have one thing to say . and it be : big nick fraulein ... ext . debeer headquarters , london - day 164 a shift change be take place , as uniform night - shift debeer security enter , while the day - shift exit . come in on one of the Security Guards , connor , 42 , as he leave work . connor walk out onto the sidewalk before this impose , formidable building . a placard on the building read -- '' 14 charterhouse STREET . debeer diamond . world headquarters . '' connor cut across the street , step into ... int . pub - day 165 football on tv . brit put back the bitter . connor enter . connor oi! a chorus of '' oi 's '' in return from the drunken bloke at the bar . all wearing the same debeer security uniform as connor . connor step to the bar . holler to the barkeep : connor ( cont 'd ) hey gov ! get a couple of pint of best for I mate , eh ?! barkeep with pleasure , mate . we do not see the barkeep , only hear he . accent be thick , but it sound vaguely familiar . his hand come into frame , slide the pint to connor . barkeep ( cont 'd ) and for yourself ? connor can not decide . he 's easy . connor I be easy , gov . whatever . surprise I ! reveal the barkeep . it 's donnie . although we hardly recognize he . he 's adapt . donnie look directly at we , grin . and why should not he . ( continued ) de of thiefe February 6 , 2016 draft 125 . 165 continued : 165 donnie I can do that . the end