denial screenplay by David Hare base on the book history on trial by deborah E. lipstadt 03/11/15 - shoot script 04/12/15 - full blue script denial lot 12-48 southampton row london wc1b 4 af ext . auschwitz . day 1 Dawn . mist. drizzle . Watchtower , ruin structure , bare tree , fence . through the rain , the sound of foot shuffle , child 's voice cry , metal door clanging . then , in sharp contrast , the sound of a large audience laugh heartily at the plummy , confident voice of david irving address they over a PA system . irving ( voice ) I do not see any reason to be tasteful about auschwitz ... int . meeting hall . calgary . night 2 grainy newsreel footage of david irving , mid-fifty , powerfully build , in perfect English tailore . irving I say to you , quite tastelessly , that more woman die in the backseat of Edward Kennedy 's car at chappaquiddick than ever die in a gas chamber at auschwitz . applause and laughter carry over into : ext . atlanta . early morning . credit 3 deborah lipstadt , red-haire , 47 , vital , determine , be jogging through bosky suburb . sunlit greenery hang from the tree . good trainer , stout sock . she have a Sony walkman on she belt and headphone . she be follow by a joyful medium - size rescue dog , the mutt . a montage of voice : news voice 1 -.. media commentator Pat Buchanan cause a stir yesterday when he suggest it would have be physically impossible for Nazi gas chamber to have produce enough lethal carbon monoxide to have kill camp victim in treblinka ... news voice 2 on phil donahue tonight , '' do six million really die ? '' news voice 3 -.. National Front leader Jean Marie le Pen assert that he have never see any evidence of gas chamber and that many historian doubted if they ever exist ... full Blue script // December 4th 2015 2 . news voice 4 .+. a new national poll suggest as many as 22 % of US adult and 20 % of high school student think it 's possible the holocaust may never have happen ... irving' voice one year from now the holocaust will have be discredite . no - one 's go to like it when they find out that for fifty year they have be believe a legend base on baloney . ext . deborah 's house . mailbox . day 4 deborah run in past a mailbox with '' lipstadt '' on the side , and into she house . int . deborah' house . kitchen / bedroom . day . credit 5 deborah , sweat , towel round she neck , fork dog - food from a can . she clang the side of the bowl and the mutt appear at once . deborah click on the coffee machine , pour a smoothie , and scrape out the heart of a bagel with a spoon . NPR radio be play : Bob Edwards with Morning edition . caption : atlanta november 11th 1994 int . deborah' office . day . credit 6 later . it 's now Julie mccarthy on NPR . deborah , shower and dress , be multitask , gulp coffee , pick up a stack of freshly mark student essay , also pick up a big cardboard box of book , from under she desk - the title briefly glimpse denying the holocaust . the essay be slap down on top of the book . int . corridor & deborah 's office . emory university . day . 7 credit deborah walk briskly into she office with the box . the mutt , follow , dive to he usual place under the desk . deborah' assistant , leonie , hand she another coffee in a paper cup , some papers , and message slip . leonie I have do you correction . two copy . here . Jamie call from NBC . they still want the interview about the book . leonie hand over some tape . full Blue script // December 4th 2015 3 . leonie ( cont 'd ) clip . edited . marked . cue on script . deborah he need some water . deborah be already through the door with box , tape , speech , coffee . leonie be too late . leonie you want a hand with that ? int . auditorium . dekalb college . atlanta . day . credit 8 deborah confidently push she way into a hall , with column and row of empty seat , head towards the speaker 's lectern . the event 's organizer be gloria , black , 40s , be try to keep up with deborah 's brisk pace . deborah I do a lot of this event , so I have quite a clear idea how best to handle they . if you can put a table at the back . right by the door , perfect as they leave . gloria certainly will . deborah I take the liberty of call a couple of local papers for coverage . Mia Daniels , grant from the inquirer ... gloria oh good . we be go to do that . you be one step ahead . deborah well I hope so . I like to be . deborah look round the hall , check the first arrival . int & ext . car & street . atlanta . day . credit 9 two men in the front - heavy , determine . in the back , a third man , whose face be not see . they be all quiet . they drive along busy street : downtown Atlanta , aspire , skyscraper . the traffic thin as they approach the college . 10 11 12 13 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 4. int . auditorium . day . credit 10 deborah be at the table at the back , take book out , arrange notebook , pen , ledger , cashbox : the perfect professional . student be arrive , most black , most young . gloria can I help ? deborah you be go to laugh , sorry , but I have get a system . it work for I . they smile . the result be indeed impressive , complete at the end by she put a author photograph against the book . the credit end . ext . dekalb . day 11 the car draw up in a car park outside . the two men get out . the third man 's shoe , English , beautifully polished , land on the tarmac . the trunk at the back be open , and inside there be a huge cardboard box , and a big black case . this be take out . bang , the trunk be close . int & ext . entrance & auditorium . day 12 the leg of the three men as they come into the building , then along a polished corridor to the auditorium . one of they be carry the big black case . the third have shopping bag . they turn into the hall . deborah be at the front give a interview to student journalist . deborah one thing I have notice about this event you always sell 37 book . regardless of the size of the audience . 500 people , 37 book . 50 people , 37 book . I have start to wonder if it 's all fix . the student be laugh at she joke . she be in she element and do not notice as one of the men open the case , take out a tripod , and set it up close to a column . meanwhile , at the back , the third man 's hand , unidentified , pick up denying the holocaust . more student file in . deborah sit , wait . gloria stand to introduce she . int . corridor . day 13 back outside the hall , the third man 's finger open the book , find the index . running a finger down until come upon ' Irving , David , 8 , 14 , 111 , 161-163 , 170 's . he hhh HH of * full Blue script // December 4th 2015 5. 14 int . auditorium . day 14 the last object from the box - a video camera be take out by a hand from the box , and put on top of the tripod . 15 int . corridor . day 15 the man 's finger be rifling through the book to check the reference as from inside the hall he hear : gloria ( v.o. ) everyone , it 's my pleasure to introduce the holder of the dorot chair in jewish and holocaust study at emory University , and author of deny the holocaust : the grow assault on Truth and memory , deborah lipstadt . the sound of applause . it 's david irving outside . 16 int . auditorium . day 16 deborah be at the microphone , well into she speech . deborah we have to accept there 's 1ll be many reason why people may be denier . when you look closely , they often have some agenda which they do not own up to . in any field , denial may just be a pick to undo the lock and open the door to something else . a girl meg , 18 , in the audience put up she hand . deborah ( cont 'd ) yes ? meg somebody tell I you do not debate with people who say the holocaust do not happen . deborah I do not , it 's true . like I do not talk to people who say elvis be alive . there be laughter . the second man deep in the audience look across to the first man who be work the camera . meg talk to people you do not agree with , that 's democracy , be not it ? it 's suppose to be a free country . ( more ) full Blue script // December 4th 2015 meg ( cont 'd ) they have a opinion . so have you . it 's cowardly not to talk to they . deborah you call I a coward ? meg well ... everyone be amused . deborah let I tell you , I do not see it that way . you can have opinion about the holocaust . you can argue about why it happen and how it happen . but what I will not do be meet with anyone - anyone - who say it do not happen . the holocaust happen . it happen . that be not opinion . that 's fact . I will not debate fact . that way madness lie . at the back , david irving slip in the door , unobserve . he go and sit . the second man hold up he hand . deborah ( cont 'd ) yes ? second man ( american ) in you book , why do you continually denigrate the work of David Irving ? he 's a scholar , he 's a fluent german speaker , he 's discover all sort of primary source no - one else know about ... deborah to be honest , I do not think I do denigrate he . I just do not think about he that much . he 's not important . this last statement have be see through the first man 's video camera , and now the image whip - pan to the back of the hall where irving be stand , hand raise . irving Professor lipstadt , I be right in believe you be not a historian , you be a professor of religion ? deborah well that be not quite the case . I be a historian , a historian of religion . * full Blue script // December 4th 2015 7. irving let I reveal something to you , Professor . I be that David Irving about whom you have be so rude . people turn , amaze . deborah , too , be take aback . irving ( cont 'd ) yes , I be he . and it puzzle I why you think yourself qualified to attack I , give that I have thirty year 's experience in the archive , and my book have be publish by some of the great publishing house in the world - Viking Press , William morrow , e.p. dutton . I have to conclude the reason you do not engage with people you disagree with be because you can not . and you might learn some fact - fact , miss lipstadt , which do not suit you opinion . well ? well ? deborah be see through the viewfinder of the camera , in grainy black and white , flustered , not know to react . deborah no . I will not . I have say this . I will not debate . not with denier . deborah look urgently across to gloria . irving today I have hear you tell lie to student . you want gullible student to believe that there be mound of document which prove a holocaust . you even say that Hitler order it . well I have get a thousand dollar here in my pocket , and I be happy to give that thousand dollar to anyone - anyone - who can show I a document which prove that Hitler order the kill of the Jews . a thousand dollar ! here it be ! a thousand ! irving be hold the money above he head . deborah have go into panicked consultation with gloria , who have get up . a couple of people have shout at irving to sit down , but most student be enjoy he . 17 18 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 8. irving ( cont 'd ) why do not you tell the student who pay for you to write you book , who finances all this expensive trip you make round the deborah I be sorry , but I be go to have to put a end to this ... I be go to have to ask you to sit down ... I be not willing to do this , I really world ? let they know that , why do not you ? you talk about document , I have a document here . it 's a aerial photograph of auschwitz ... do have to ask you to be quiet ... irving ( cont 'd ) Professor lipstadt not only will not debate , she call security to stop I debate . deborah have be force to shout to make herself hear . he 's reach into he shopping bag . people be run back and forth , and a armed security man be approach irving to take he arm . irving ( cont 'd ) all right . but if anyone want , I will be signing my book after the event . they be free . please , come and get one . irving sit down , still hiss and wave dollar bill . ' a thousand dollar ! a thousand ! '' the security man back off . deborah stand alone at the microphone . silence at last . deborah thank you . so. int . auditorium . day 17 the meeting be over . deborah be sit at the table with a pile of book . no - one near . she look across to where irving have a line of admire student for whom he 's chattily signing free book . the man with the video be disappear from the hall . a older woman , shira pick up a book . shira I think you be right . I think you be right not to speak to he . deborah sure . great tactic , be not it ? worked brilliantly . ext . car . day 18 irving 's car speed up on the on-ramp to i75 with sign to Alabama and Florida . whoosh of car by . 19 20 21 22 23 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 9 . int . car . day 19 irving and the other men drive away , in high spirit . in the back the man have the video camera , and hand it to irving . in the eyepiece it play back film of irving speak triumphantly over deborah . then irving freeze the image of deborah , flustered , floundering , lose for a response . irving perfect . int . auditorium . day 20 deborah be thoughtful . she take out she cellphone and start to dial . int . seminar room . emory . day 21 rachel bloch , 60 , frail , with a cane be stand in front of 40 casually dress student - all background . deborah be at the side , mesmerize . rachel I be fifteen year old when I arrive at auschwitz . that 's why I be spare . I be young and strong . there be soot in the air . you could smell it . it smell like nothing on earth . for a moment , she can not go on . deborah watch she . a image flash suddenly into she head . auschwitz . day ( in deborah' head ) 22 in close - up , a young girl 's face , squish between the heavy coat of unseen woman . Black flake float in the air . the image last less than a second . int . seminar room . emory . day 23 deborah gently touch Rachel 's arm and smile encouragement . Rachel gather herself and continue . rachel there be maybe 2000 people in the train from theresienstadt . only 30 of we be put to work , everyone else be kill . I have a job in the kitchen , so I speak to fellow prisoner who see what happen . everyone be take to a dress room and order to undress . ( more ) 24 25 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 10 . rachel ( cont 'd ) there be a sign in the wall '' put shoe in cubbyhole and tie they together so you will not lose they . after you shower you will receive hot coffee . '' then they be gass . it take about three minute to gas four hundred people . rachel stare out , pick out individual girl . rachel ( cont 'd ) I be a young girl . just as you be . and you . and you . the student be electrify . deborah watch , intent . int . seminar room . emory . day 24 later . the student have go . the mutt be asleep . only deborah and rachel be leave . rachel sit in a chair . rachel I do not know . sometimes I wonder if this be worth do . deborah be what worth do ? rachel talk about it all . deborah be you crazy ? look at the kid . look at they face . rachel they listen , but they do not see . not really . they do not see it . deborah lean over she get up and give she a hug , kissing she gently on the top of she head . they hold on a moment . deborah I think they do . rachel and when we be go ? ext deborah' house . day 25 deborah return from a run and stop at she mailbox . open it , she find a couple of the usual hate - mail letter and discard they . at the back be a envelope with the distinctive penguin logo . 26 27 28 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 11. ext . campus . emory . atlanta . day 26 deborah cross the classic Southern campus - heroic Greek architecture , student sit around , play with frisbee , chat . teenage utopia . she 's on she cell phone , follow by the mutt . she 's get the envelope in she hand . deborah Anthony , be that you ? forbe watson ( phone ) deborah , I be glad you have call . it 's wonderful to hear from you . ext . the strand . london england . day . 27 caption : september 25 1996 the weather be glower , rainy , in stark contrast to Atlanta over the view from the strand towards St Paul 's Cathedral . int . penguin office . strand . day 28 ANTHONY forbe -watson be on the phone at the window in a huge , book -line room with a letter in he hand . he 's owlish , sandy - haire , 40s . helena peacock , 40s , tall , white - bread , legal advisor , be listen nearby . forbe watson I be guess you get we letter . deborah that 's what I be call about . forbe watson there 's a fresh development . Irving 's just send we notice of a suit to be file in the High Court because we have fail to withdraw the book . deborah ( phone ) the High Court ? forbe watson the High Court in London . deborah ( phone ) that 's London , England , be it ? 29 30 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 ext . campus . emory . atlanta . day forbe watson ( phone ) he 's say you be part of a concerted world - wide conspiracy to rob he of he reputation as a professional historian and thereby of he livelihood . deborah I wish . let I know where I can join . so what 's the next step ? forbe watson ( phone ) next step be , you tell we if you want to fight . int . deborah' house . atlanta . night 12 . 29 30 a convivial dinner party in deborah be pleasant , two - levell home . ten people . SAM glass , 5as , he wife STORM , 40s . SAM be argue with libby holbrook , 30 , lively . deborah start gather plate . SAM he 's not go to get re-elect . deborah be that what you think ? SAM I have see the poll , tell I I be crazy , but when it come to it , who 's go to vote for that man a second time ? libby you be look at she . I would . SAM he 's not go to make it . libby well I be sure he 'il be heartbroken to hear that . SAM would you like a bet ? four more year of William jefferson Clinton sleep in the White House . you say he will , I say he will not . cries of ' take the bet 's , ' buddhist do not gamble 's gamble . 's deborah smile absently and go out . ' well , % % +e * hf Jews * 31 32 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 13. int . kitchen . night 31 deborah , clear up , the mutt at she foot . disorderly political chat come from the other room about Clinton 's empathy for different group . libby follow deborah into the kitchen . libby be you ok ? deborah I be ok . I get another letter , that 's all . from my publisher . about David Irving . it 's like have a stalker . libby what 's he say this time ? deborah just how if I do not apologize , he 's go to ruin my life . libby on the floor . Quick . grovel . libby be point , but deborah be unamuse . libby ( cont 'd ) what 's happen , deborah ? have you lose you sense of humour ? deborah no . I have mislaid it . int . sitting room . deborah 's house . atlanta . night 32 a unflatter photo of deborah snarling as she shout back at irving at De kalb . underneath , abusive copy - Irving trounces holocaust expert . '' empty vapouring '' '' reduced to shouting '' be glimpse . then the context be reveal . the image be on a computer screen . deborah be on the floor in the near-dark with the mutt , stare unhappily at she own image . it still hurt . pain , deborah click to a film of irving in the square of the german town halle , use a loudspeaker to flag -wave skinhead and neo-nazis . the sub-titles show he tell Germans they no longer have anything to be ashamed of . this be meet with a chorus of ' sieg heil 's . he praise Rudolf hess as a german hero . then he be lead to a van and drive away . next , he 's speak in a hall of american supporter . he 's articulate , persuasive . irving ( film ) I be wage a international campaign for real history . ( more ) * + eh 33 34 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 14. irving ( film ) ( cont 'd ) it 's the word ' real 's which frighten my opponent , because for fifty year they have get away with they madison Avenue , Hollywood version of history . Real history be what we find in the archive , and it frighten my opponent because it take the plank out from under they foot . the film change again : irving address a large group of journalist in the street . irving ( cont 'd ) accord to the evidence I have see , there be no gas chamber anywhere at auschwitz . I be deal with auschwitz because it 's the capital ship of the whole holocaust campaign . if auschwitz sink - and it be , believe I , a very leaky vessel indeed - then the whole holocaust campaign be in doubt . deborah freeze the image . then , decisive , she get up . ext . campus . emory college . atlanta . day 33 deborah walk across the busy lawn , the mutt in tow . everyone else be loung around , she alone be steely with purpose . deborah ( 0.s ) holocaust denial rest essentially on four basic assertion . int . seminar room . emory . day 34 deborah be speak with vigour to she class . she point to the four idea she have already pentel in large letter , and underline they one by one . she underline 1 . ' killing not systematic . 's deborah that there be never any systematic or organize attempt by the Nazis to kill all of Europe 's Jews . she underline 2 . ' number exaggerated . 's deborah ( cont 'd ) that the number kill be far fewer than five or six million . she underline 3 . auschwitz not build for extermination . 's 35 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 15 . deborah ( cont 'd ) that there be no gas chamber or any specially build extermination facility . she underline 4 . ' holocaust a myth . 's deborah ( cont 'd ) that the holocaust be therefore a myth invent by Jews who use it to get themselves financial compensation and to advance the fortune of the state of Israel . she then throw the pentel down and move into the class like a lawyer in court . deborah ( cont 'd ) War , they say , be a bloody business . there 's nothing special about the Jews . Jews be not unique in they suffer , they be just everyday casualty of war . what 's the fuss ? deborah look as if genuinely ask that question . the student be confuse . deborah ( cont 'd ) ok , and here 's another question : how do we prove the holocaust happen ? seriously . I be ask . how do we prove it ? the class look a little blank . deborah ( cont 'd ) not a single person in this room or outside it have ever see a photograph of Jews in a gas chamber . why ? because the Germans make sure that none be take . so how do we know so many be murder ? because you see schindler 's list ? I do not think so . deborah wait a moment , she concern real . deborah ( cont 'd ) what 's the proof ? where 's the proof ? and how strong be it ? int . canteen . emory . day 35 staff and student lunching in the tao of Chow , a huge grey hall . deborah , in grim mood , be in line with libby , collect food . it 's all steam and clatter . full Blue script // December 4th 2015 16 . libby I do not understand . why do you get so work up ? nine tenth of this thing do not even get to court . deborah oh be that right ? you know about this , do you ? from what they be tell I , if I fail to answer he challenge , if I give he a free ride , Irving can go to the american court and get my property attach . he can take my home . libby oh , ok . deborah the man 's a liar and someone need to get out there and say so . they go and sit down with they food . libby what I do not get : why 's he choose you . deborah I have two essential qualification for Mr Irving . I be a woman , and I be a Jew . he get more bang for he buck . libby hang on , it be you book about denial he 's object to ? deborah correct . libby you tell I it sell 20 copy in the UK last year . deborah 21 . libby do you even mention Irving ? what do you say about he ? deborah I call he 'a Hitler partisan who distort evidence in order to reach historically untenable conclusion . 's the word be engrave on she memory . libby be deadpan . + hhh HH * % +e * hf 36 37 38 39 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 17. libby ok , well maybe you have better get lawyer up . ext . restaurant . atlanta . day 36 deborah 's car pull up at the valet parking stand of a grand - look restaurant . she get out . int . restaurant . atlanta . day 37 ANTHONY julius be sit by himself make note in a book in upscale surroundings . he be 40 , ascetic , and he look out of place among the upmarket , largely black clientele . he look up and see deborah through the window . ext . restaurant . day ( julius Pov ) 38 deborah stand by she car , get a ticket from the valet . she 's nervous and it show in how she 's slightly over - dress for the meeting . she head inside . int . restaurant . day 39 julius look up , relieved . deborah ah you must be Anthony julius . julius and you must be deborah lipstadt . deborah it 's good of you to come all this way . julius it 's nice to combine we meeting with a lecture . julius put he hand on the book . t.s. eliot . deborah anti-semitism in the poetry of t.s. eliot ? julius correct . deborah I can not wait . you be not frighten of the big boy , be you ? full Blue script // December 4th 2015 18 . julius I try not to be . they both smile . julius ( cont 'd ) in fact I wonder if it be my interest in anti-semitism which make you consider I to represent you . deborah in fact not . julius or whether it be the diana thing . deborah no , as it happen , you be recommend to I . someone I know . they say '' you need a junkyard dog . in England , that 's Anthony julius . '' julius a junkyard dog ? deborah someone ferocious in court . julius oh , I be afraid I do not appear in court . I prepare the case , I do not present it . in Britain , solicitor and barrister be quite different function . the crowd in the restaurant be have a good time . deborah ' the diana thing 's ? I be not sure what that be . julius diana ? she 's the princess of Wale . deborah yes , I know that . it 's you connection ... julius oh just , diana want to divorce . I act for she . deborah you act for she ? julius yes . + eh + eh % 40 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 19 . deborah I do not understand . I think you do defamation . julius you be right . I put that point to diana myself . I say , I be afraid I have never handle a divorce case before . she say ' that 's all right , Mr. julius , I have never be divorced before . 's interesting woman . a waitress appear . julius ( cont 'd ) the crispy catfish . be that a local delicacy ? deborah fin and scale . she gesture to say : not allow . they both smile . int . restaurant . day 40 later in the meal . the restaurant be quieter and julius and deborah have relaxed . julius I have to warn you : there 's a reason Mr Irving be bring the case in London . deborah I wonder about that . julius it give he a advantage . over here , if you be accuse of defame someone , then the burden of proof lie with the accuser . it 's up to they to prove what you say be untrue . in England it 's the other way round . it 's up to the defendant to prove that it 's true . deborah wait . I have to prove what I say be true ? julius correct . deborah but that 's crazy . + eh + HH HH hk +e % full Blue script // December 4th 2015 20 . julius nevertheless . deborah what be this ? dicken ? julius as good as . why do you think London 's the libel capital of the world ? deborah I be the innocent party . a man accuse you of something and you have to prove he 's wrong ? that 's against natural justice . in the US , there 's a presumption of innocence . julius yes . not in the UK . tricky , be not it ? he 's thoughtful a moment . julius ( cont 'd ) one thing by the way I do want to mention : if you do take we on , there 's no question of you have to pay . for this case we firm would be happy to waive fee . if you would be at peace with that . deborah I could come to term with it . they both smile . julius look shrewdly at she a moment . julius what do you know about Mr Irving ? deborah I have read every word he 's write . I know some of the personal stuff . his father abandon he when he be four . he fall in love with Hitler at the age of eight . his brother say he run around bomb - out building in London in the blitz shouting ' Heil Hitler ... 's he 's self -educate . and extremely proud of it . julius he learn he german work in a factory . deborah I have hear it 's perfect . hhh of hhh fh +e % he hhh HH of % + HH hhh HH full Blue script // December 4th 2015 21 . julius your ? deborah adequate . julius take this in . julius Irving want it both way . he want to be the brilliant maverick , the provocateur who come along and be - interpret the second World War . but he also want the respect of he colleague . England 's a club and he want to join . deborah but he 's a anti-semite . julius clearly . but you have be surprised how many military historian think that 's just a detail . they think Irving 's a serious historian who happen to see thing from Hitler 's point of view . deborah but it 's not a detail . I think it 's at the centre of everything he think and do . julius so do I . deborah he 's a liar and falsifier of history . julius sustain he look to she . deborah ( cont 'd ) a few week ago , a survivor come to speak to my class . there 's a chain , be not there ? julius a chain ? deborah a chain of testimony . pass the torch . she lean in . * * + h HH hf 4l 42 43 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 22. deborah ( cont 'd ) Anthony , this be not random . a couple of year ago , Irving come all the way to Dekalb . then there be threat . now there 's a lawsuit . there 's a strategy underlying all this . my mother call I devorah . it be she idea . leader . defender of she people . they both smile . deborah ( cont 'd ) there be a expectation . when I be a kid . my mother always say there be go to be a event . I be pick out , she say . I be choose . well , here it be . ext . mews . mayfair . london . day 41 1999 . a chauffeur be polish the ' Spirit of ecstasy 's symbol on a roll royce . jame libson and LAURA tyler walk along carry box of papers . libson be in he 30 , with steel glass ; LAURA be tall , strike , 23 . ext . mount STREET . mayfair . london . day 42 lisbon and LAURA knock at a impressive black door . a barbadian maid come to answer . libson good morning , I think we be expect . int . irving' apartment . mount STREET . day 43 irving be lie on the floor play with he four year old daughter jessica as libson and LAURA be ushere in to the markedly old - fashioned surroundings . irving ah yes , hello , I be delighted to see you , I be David Irving . here - can you take jessica please ? he have get up and hand jessica over to the maid to take out . he kiss jessica 's forehead as he hand she over . libson throw a glance at LAURA as if to say ' be this for real ? 's but irving be the soul of courtesy . irving ( cont 'd ) you must be bring I miss lipstadt 's document . full Blue script // December 4th 2015 23 . libson everything that contribute to she analysis , the full extent of she research . irving gesture towards a area already line with papers . irving thank you , by all mean , put everything down over there . and you must be she representative . welcome . libson I be James libson . this be miss Tyler , we para-legal . irving para-legal , indeed ! David against goliath , already . you work with the famous Mr julius ? it 's go to be a fascinating encounter do not you think ? LAURA fascinating . irving be reach out he hand . she take it nervously . irving as I see it , academia versus the rest . remember , the great historian have never be academic . we be outsider . cato , thucydide , gibbon , churchill ... I field a very strong team . perhaps you would like a cup of tea ? libson no thank you . libson look at he . libson ( cont 'd ) before we go , just one thing . irving of course . please . libson you keep a diary . we have like to apply to include that diary in the process of discovery . irving smile . libson ( cont 'd ) you be smile . 44 45 46 47 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 24 . irving forgive I , I do not fancy the prospect of miss lipstadt poring over my private writings . libson access will be limited to the legal team only . irving come . irving lead they across the room . then he gesture to yard and yard of shelf cover with identical black notebook . irving ( cont 'd ) I have keep a diary for twenty year . promise , I have nothing to hide . but I doubt if even goliath have the resource to read between ten and twenty million word . he smile . libson and LAURA stare in dismay . int / ext . irving' apartment . mount STREET . day 44 a point of view from the window down to the street of the back of libson and LAURA walk away in animated conversation . irving , stand next to the curtain , watch they as they go . he 's thoughtful , enigmatic . ext . airport runway . heathrow . day 45 1999 . through heavy rain , a haze of fuel fume , the back of a arrive plane . the landing tackle descend then there be a crash of rubber , spark and spray . ext . strand . day 46 a taxi splashes its way through the pour rain and bus traffic . deborah frown at the incomprehensible talk about football come from he radio . she look up through the rain - spatter window to see the impose facade of the Royal court of justice as they pass . ext . mishcon do reya . day 47 in the drive rain , deborah raise a umbrella , then pay the fare , struggle with the unfamiliar currency . 48 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 25 . int . mishcon do reya . staircase & office . day 48 shake out she umbrella , deborah be lead quickly up a staircase by a assistant , who take it from she and park it with dozen of other . wet raincoat be all puddle water onto the floor . as she come into julius 's office it be full of people - include julius himself , jame libson , LAURA tyler , richard evan and other . head turn as she arrive , coffee be be distribute , although everyone seem * insanely caffeinate already . julius ah here she be , excellent , we client 's arrive . the defendant . all the way from Atlanta . deborah my God , sure you get enough people ? julius I will give you they name as we go along . for now , everyone : deborah lipstadt . say good morning . the whole room say ' good morning 's and ' good morning , deborah . 's the assistant gesture towards a empty seat . she find herself next to a saturnine welshman in a suit , 40s . behind they , a poster frame on the wall which read princess win record libel settlement . deborah downs she coffee in one * go . evan * I be Richard Evans . how do you do ? * julius * * Richard be Professor of modern History at Cambridge . * deborah * yes I know . he be my idea , * remember ? I ask for you * specially . * julius * he 's one of we eight expert * witness . * evan * it 's a pleasure to meet you . she see a postcard stick in the corner of the poster . '' another victory for the eminent lawyer . '' then the signature : diana . julius notice . julius * * yes , we be aim for a similar result . * full Blue script // December 4th 2015 26 . deborah do to holocaust denier what you do to the monarchy ? julius sort of . deborah have take out twenty closely - type page from she briefcase , and hand they across the desk to julius . deborah I have prepare a document on the approach I think we should take . we central claim should be that Irving be not a real historian . julius excellent , that will be most valuable , thank you . James ? julius drop she document casually on the very side of he desk , with no interest at all . julius ( cont 'd ) deborah , James be go to start by explain to you what you legal option be . libson I be James libson . I work with Anthony . deborah I recognize you voice . we have speak , have not we ? julius quite . carry on . libson stop for a moment and gather himself . libson to explain : there be three route a libel defendant can take . first , you can argue that Irving be misinterprete the offend word . since at one point in the book you say that Irving seem to conceive of himself as carry on Hitler 's work , then I do not think we can claim he 's misinterprete . deborah I do not think we can . +e * hf * full Blue script // December 4th 2015 27 . libson nor can we take the second route which would be to claim that the word write be not as offensive as Irving make out . deborah we can not take that route . libson they be offensive . deborah I hope so . I certainly try to be . libson so that leave we with only one option . julius look pleased . julius we call this the atom bomb defence . and this be the one we be go to go for . we plead justification . libson even if the word be defamatory , they be nevertheless true . julius quite . not every word . it do not have to be every word . you can get some small detail wrong , but we do have to prove what we call ' the sting 's of the libel . we will argue that Irving deliberately subordinate the truth in order to propagate anti-semitism and to engender sympathy for the third Reich . there be a impressed silence , no - one want to speak . junior more coffee ? silently , deborah take a second coffee . julius we have to deal with the special problem that in the UK the burden of proof lie with accuse . I would like you to listen to Laura . have you meet Laura ? LAURA Ms. lipstadt . + HH hhh HH +e * hf full Blue script // December 4th 2015 julius she 's 23 . this be she first case . she and I have be discuss this very point . attack it , Laura . LAURA smile , nervous in this pack room . LAURA we feel ... Anthony feel , in this particular case , the peculiarity of the british law can actually work to we advantage . julius say . LAURA the first reaction everyone have when they hear about this trial be horror . deborah horror ? more like disbelief . more like fury . a court of law have to be a lousy place to judge history . evan be shaking he head in corroboration . evan I must agree . as a historian . LAURA they say : ' my God , be you serious ? you sit down in a court and some pompous English judge rule on whether the holocaust happen ? 's deborah yeah , and let 's think about this : what happen if we lose ? we lose and what ? suddenly it 's respectable - it 's legal - to say the holocaust do not happen ? unless I prove it do ? have anyone begin to think what that will mean ? julius be smile tolerantly . he nod at LAURA to carry on . LAURA but the wonderful thing be , you see , if we play this right , it 's not go to be Irving put the holocaust on trial . no . it 's go to be we put Irving on trial . julius Laura 's right ... + eh full Blue script // December 4th 2015 29 . LAURA thank you ... julius Laura 's very sound on this . really . LAURA be blush at the great man 's praise , so hurry on . LAURA if we can concentrate on he lie , and - equally important - he motive for lie , then there 's absolutely no reason we should have to produce eye-witness . deborah hang on , I do not get this . what , the survivor will not appear ? libson no . we do not want they to . deborah no survivor ? julius no. under no circumstance . deborah why not ? why the hell not ? julius because even to let survivor appear would be to legitimise Irving 's right to question they . deborah shake she head , furious at the ambush . deborah before you settle on this strategy , can I point out the obvious contradiction ? julius please do . deborah you once tell I this trial might have implication for the fate of the whole jewish people . now you say you be not go to allow they to speak . the lawyer be look as if work out what they be try to deal with here . when libson speak he 's tactful . * +e * hf full Blue script // December 4th 2015 30 . libson ok , just to explain the think , so you understand the think : deborah oh yeah , please , I have love to understand the think . libson we believe Irving 's plan to be what 's call a litigant in person . julius he plan to conduct he own case . deborah he 's not hire lawyer ? julius you get it . just think about it : that man . in person . there he be , in court , David Irving , international holocaust denier , finally get he hand on a survivor . imagine . imagine the hurt he ’1ll cause . the damage . the insult . it 's unthinkable . I be not go to allow it . I be not go to allow it to happen . julius have become passionate . the whole room be still . deborah so what be you allow ? julius David Irving keep a diary . have do for year . deborah he mention it on he website . libson he say he have nothing to hide , but we still have to subpoena he to get hold of it . deborah you have be to see he ? in person ? deborah be shocked , but julius be smile . julius deborah , the best defence be a strong offence . first rule ... % * + eh full Blue script // December 4th 2015 31 . libson first rule of litigation : whether you be prosecute or defend , always run the case as if you be prosecute . julius good rule . that 's why Laura will be lead a team of researcher ... LAURA they be join next week ... julius comb through all the diary , in particular look for contact with right - wing grouping ... LAURA Neo -nazis , skinhead , anti-semite , ss revival group , all kind of assort riff-raff ... LAURA glow , cheerful . libson also , just as important , Professor Evans here , with he two of he able graduate student , nik wachsman and Thomas ... Thomas ... Thomas ... thomas Thomas skelton-robinson ... libson get it . more laughter . thomas be shambling , sweet , disorganize , 20 , nik be german , polo - neck , crop-haire , also 20 . evan I be delay take up my position at Cambridge ... deborah they be let you do that ? julius of course . Cambridge think the case be important . evan my team will be do the historiography . examine every publish word Irving ever write ... full Blue script // December 4th 2015 32 . thomas check source , compare edition ... evan generally testing the reliability of he history . nik you can not imagine what fun we be have . thomas we be go to end up with a charge sheet of inaccuracy as long as you arm . nik one mistake after another ! thomas and nik overlap , laugh happily together . evan we think it 's 1ll take the three of we about a year . full -time . julius smile , pleased . deborah look round , impressed and appal at the same time . deborah well I be glad to know you guy have get everything sewn up . julius we aim to . he look round , a little nervous . julius ( cont 'd ) there be one outstanding question . I would be hope to speak to you . as you know , the firm have be plan to do everything for free . but really , the scale of the thing . I fear we be go to have re-visit the question of charge . deborah look at he , level . julius ( cont 'd ) I be wonder if we can lend a hand . if we fail , then of course we be ready to carry the cost . deborah so the stupid american get to do something ? fund-raise ? +e hhh hhh oh + hhh % 49 50 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 33. ext . levy' house . west hampstead . night 49 the last of a group of expensive car back into a parking space , revealing the mercede symbol on its hood . levy ( v.o. ) so be you enjoy you time in London ? int . levy 's house . west hampstead . night 50 a dinner with sonia and richard levy . eight guest . rachel 's in she 40s , nervous , blonde , richard more expansive , dark , 40s . everything 's a little heavy - the decor , the food and the atmosphere . rabbi BRENNER , heaviest of all , a thickset man , 5as , beside deborah . good china . good glass . they be all sip soup . deborah I be in meeting all day . I get to see so little of the city . richard I think people here do have concern . about the trial . deborah I have concern myself . sonia the community 's very keen to support you . deborah I be glad to hear it . sonia but we be also interested to know what you be think . rabbi BRENNER Mr julius be a very brilliant young man . can we speak frankly ? there 's a fear you may have fall under he spell . from the end , a older woman , janine stone speak robustly . janine you will not be the first woman to be attract to he intellect . diana . some crude laughter . + h hk full Blue script // December 4th 2015 34 . deborah so far , I have raise most of my * cost back home . * richard * and be that easy ? deborah it be not difficult . rabbi BRENNER not as difficult as in London , be that what you be say ? deborah it 's a principle and I have stick to * it . no single source of finance . * one man offer to pay for the * whole thing . but when the history * of this moment come to be write , * I think it 's important many people * give , not one . * there be uneasy look up and down the table . richard * you talk about history . look at it from we point of view . we live with David Irving . he 's british . he 's a has-been . what 's a trial go to do ? it 's go to give he a new lease of life . deborah I can not help that . I do not bring the prosecution . he do . richard * no , but you could prevent the whole thing from happen . deborah how would I do that ? richard * settle . I mean it . sign some piece of paper . be that so terrible ? he 's never go to give you auschwitz . ok , but then he 's David Irving . we have live with worse . deborah and what do you want I to settle for ? four million dead ? Three ? one ? what be you comfortable with ? deborah look at he , not yield . 51 52 53 54 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 35 . deborah ( cont 'd ) if I may say so , Mr Irving thrive on exactly this kind of blackmail . if you be jewish , keep you head down , lay low , and be grateful . here in England , you may like appeasement , but I do not . rabbi BRENNER I do not think you should be use a word like appeasement . deborah should not I ? then what word should I use ? sonia all we be say : beware of Anthony julius . he do this thing for he own glory . other woman have be in he pocket and they have find it a uncomfortable place to be . deborah well if it 's pocket we be talk about , perhaps you can explain why the british find they so hard to open . ext . athenaeum HOTEL . night 51 a taxi swooshes past on the wet street . int . HOTEL room . athenaeum . night 52 deborah be lie in bed , unable to sleep . she turn over a few time . then she throw back the cover and get up . ext . athenaeum HOTEL . night 53 deborah , in track suit , slip out of the small entrance at the side and run off down picadilly . ext . london . night 54 deborah run along by the house of parliament , westminster , the river Thames . she come to the statue of boadicea , the heroic warrior queen on the south corner of westminster Bridge . she stop and look up at it , angry . the sound of the next scene lap over . 55 56 57 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 36 . deborah ( 0.s. ) I have a hellish night , I could not sleep . I be so angry . ext . fleet STREET . day os , julius , deborah and LAURA , all in coat , be come quickly along a busy pavement . Roaring traffic . gusty wind . julius oh really ? why ? deborah I have dinner last night with leader of the jewish community . julius the community , eh ? and do they tell you it would suit they better if you drop the case ? deborah I be defend you . julius be you ? well I be sure you do a very good job . perhaps you should take it up professionally . julius throw a amused look , pick up on she tone . ext . brick court . day 56 contrast calm . they have enter a fine square of 18th century terrace , with staircase like a oxbridge college . deborah they seem to think you be take over this case for you own glory . julius glory ? goodness . I have not think about glory . fascinating . what on earth do they give you to eat ? he dive through a darken arch and up a staircase . int . rampton 's chamber . day 57 a dickensian rabbit-hole of papers , legal bundle . a roaring coal fire . a powder horse-hair wig on a stand , a elaborate black silk robe on a hanger . a desk in the corner , largely innocent of technology . rampton be stand with a computer mouse in he hand . he 's a white - haire upper-class Scot , avuncular , 60 , with gold - rimmed glass . full Blue script // December 4th 2015 37 . rampton I do not understand this thing , I really do not ... beside he be heather , 30 , glass , plain suit , no -nonsense . julius deborah lipstadt , this be Richard rampton . rampton reach out to shake hand . rampton ' bha , ‘tis the author of we misfortune ...’ come in , please do . warm yourselves . julius Richard 's you lead counsel . deborah hi. julius I have explain to deborah the difference between barrister and solicitor . we legal system seem forbid but it work . deborah if you legal system work , I would not be in this mess . I do not mind dickensian , it 's kafkaesque I be worried about . rampton throw a amused glance at julius . rampton and this be we junior counsel , Heather Rogers . deborah hello , Heather . heather how be you ? rampton have a already - open bottle of good burgundy , and some contrast plastic glass . rampton I have open a decent red . you do not mind plastic , I hope ? julius I be not go to drink , Richard , I have not eat . and deborah have not sleep . full Blue script // December 4th 2015 38 . deborah I ' 1ll taste the wine . why not ? everything else be be decide for I . rampton smile , loving this reply . he see deborah take in tower of book about World War two and the camp . rampton yes , indeed , Heather and I have be introduce ourselves to the subject . deborah I can see . rampton a little light read ... LAURA have reply to rampton 's mime offer of wine with a smile of assent . deborah be look at a picture of rampton in fly-fish gear . deborah you ever catch anything ? rampton from time to time . then she look at he book . a german dictionary . deborah you do not speak german ? rampton ah ! like a barrister . straight to my weakest point . I do know the libretto of the Magic flute , that 's the only german I have . probably of little use in the forthcoming encounter . cheer ! deborah & LAURA cheer ! rampton smile broadly . his manner be feathery . rampton I be hope to get on with write my life of mozart , but I see I shall have to postpone again . julius Richard be the most skilful advocate in the country . I do not mind say it . but rampton have sit down with he wine , grave . 58 59 60 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 39 . rampton in this case , I wish I think skill be enough . deborah what will it need then ? rampton a rarer quality . deborah what 's that ? rampton appetite . rampton be sombre . the room go quiet . rampton ( cont ’d ) plainly I shall have to go to auschwitz . I hope you 'il be kind enough to accompany I . deborah why do you need to go ? rampton light a gitane and look a moment , impenetrable . rampton legal reason . ext . auschwitz . poland . dawn 58 Water drip from one of the iron letter of the arched message ' arbeit macht frei . '' the flat space beyond the arrival area be completely desert . mist . barb wire be faintly detectable , not much else . int . museum . auschwitz . dawn 59 huge mass of spectacle , artificial limb , child 's shoe , suitcase , chamber pot and 80,000 single shoe . rampton have a small leica . he be take flash photo through display cabinet window , he expression intense , unreadable . he wind the camera on . ext . birkenau . dawn 60 near the crematorium ruin , in wasteland , deborah be in sneaker , near heather . a little way off , professor ROBERT jan van pelt , thin , boyish , in black leather jacket , black polo neck , black jeans . his hair be dyed blonde . his research assistant , omer arbel , have large file of papers . there be a long silence . it 's cold . no - one want to be there . 61 62 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 40 . deborah be he come ? he want we here , and then he do not show up . heather he 's late , that 's all . he 's often late . deborah be he late for court ? ext . perimeter fence . auschwitz . ss barracks . dawn 61 rampton stand alone in the mist . he have a small tourist map and a pocket compass . he look at the map , then deliberately start pace . watch - tower and fence loom around he . ext . birkenau . dawn 62 the group be wait as rampton approach through the mist . he be still pace . deborah watch . rampton stop and make a note , then continue towards they . rampton good morning , everyone . you must be Professor van pelt ? ROBERT jan I be . rampton good . then let 's get down to business . deborah . Heather . they have shake hand . rampton seem to want to move on . rampton ( cont ’d ) Professor ? ROBERT jan I suggest we start by take a walk round the perimeter fence . rampton I just do that . ROBERT jan stand , slightly take aback . ROBERT jan good . then let 's look at the plan . omer ? arbel open the file and take out the papers . everyone gather round to look . full Blue script // December 4th 2015 41 . ROBERT jan ( cont 'd ) I want you to understand the scale of the operation . what you be look at here be one of the large and most efficient kill machine in human history . rampton yes , we know what it be . it 's how we prove what it be , that 's what we be interested in . we be not here on a pilgrimage , we be here to prepare a case . deborah throw a glance to heather who remain impassive . jan gesture to the map and to the pile of rubbish and brick . ROBERT jan this be where we be . this be crematorium ii . the building be deliberately demolish by the Germans in the autumn of 1944 to destroy the evidence of what they do here . they dynamite they again one week before the end of the war . ROBERT jan lead the group to the top of a small set of brick step . they peer down in the rubble and break concrete . ROBERT jan ( cont 'd ) this step lead down into the undress room . the olere drawing please . arbel open the drawing . they be in graphite pencil and very precise . ROBERT jan ( cont 'd ) David olere be a french artist . a survivor . he be able to draw a lot of what he have see . ROBERT jan point to the ruin step , match that in the draw . ROBERT jan run he finger along as they walk along the brick edge of the ruin . ROBERT jan ( cont 'd ) the victim walk down into the undress room . then they be lead through here , past a sign that say ' to the bath 's and into the gas chamber here . they have come to the edge of a large mass of crumpled and shattered concrete . ROBERT jan climb cautiously onto the remain of the roof . the other follow . 63 64 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 42. ROBERT jan ( cont 'd ) please watch you step . tread carefully . this be a shrine . what we be stand on be all that remain of the gas chamber itself . this be the roof . the chamber be right under here . the door be lock and cyanide crystal - Zyklon B - be pour in on they through hole in the roof . they all look round the rubble at they foot . no - one speak . as rampton turn to go , he trip on something sharp . rampton shit ! the other turn , shocked . to cover the moment , rampton light a gitane . he gesture the other to move on . rampton pull something from the sole of he shoe - a rusty twist of barb wire . ext . birkenau . day 63 they arrive at a bare- brick building . rampton impatiently light a second cigarette from the stub of the first . ROBERT jan now here be the delouse chamber . typhus be a terrible problem at the camp and the lice that carry it have to be destroy . rampton ah good , now we get to it . we need to talk about leuchter . ROBERT jan I be come to leuchter . int . delousing chamber . birkenau . day 64 the group come into the building . ROBERT jan this be the building in which the prisoner 's clothes be delouse . they use Zyklon B for that too . to kill the lice . rampton we know that ? ROBERT jan yes . full Blue script // December 4th 2015 43. rampton for sure ? you can prove it ? we can not take anything for grant . I be go to need to see the proof . ROBERT jan I can give you proof . ROBERT jan produce a copy of the leuchter report . ROBERT jan ( cont 'd ) however , in February 1988 , a holocaust denier call Ernst Zundel send Fred leuchter , a engineer and self - style execution expert , from America to test in different part of the camp for evidence of trace of poison gas in the brickwork . he bring a camera - man with he to document what he find . deborah I have see the footage . ROBERT jan put he hand on the wall , as if to feel it . ROBERT jan he be testing for level of hydrogen cyanide . hcn . look , the blue stain . here . and here . deborah he come with a chisel . ROBERT jan that 's right . deborah and hack away ... ROBERT jan correct . deborah .-- illegally , without the permission of the authority ... ROBERT jan indeed . deborah .-+. and then smuggle the piece out of Poland in he suitcase . wrapped in he dirty underwear . deborah be fierce , indignant . rampton just look . there 's a full Blue script // December 4th 2015 44 , rampton be that as it may . we can criticise he method , but it 's he conclusion we have to discredit . ROBERT jan he find higher level of hcn here in the delouse chamber than he do in the gas chamber themselves . from this he conclude that no human being be kill at auschwitz . only lice be kill . silence . deborah shake she head . deborah I do not understand . why be we waste we time ? leuchter 's not worth the paper it 's write on . rampton so you say . you have to say why . deborah well of course he find higher concentration in here . think about it : it 's exactly what you have expect . it take over twenty time more cyanide to kill lice than it do human being . twenty time ! leuchter do not even know that ! rampton still seem annoyed . rampton the whole thing 's infuriate . ROBERT jan I know . rampton it beggar belief . why have no proper scientific study be do of the whole site ? by reputable scientist ? fifty year on ? it 's ridiculous . it 's unprofessional . where 's the proof ? where 's the evidence ? I need to know that . deborah why do we need a study ? we have the evidence . deborah be furious . rampton look at she . rampton I need to ask some more question . be you happier outside ? 65 66 67 68 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 45 . ext . birkenau . day 65 deborah be stand by herself , pace . heather be a little way off . some time go by . Inside rampton can be hear still aggressively argue small point with ROBERT jan . deborah I think we be not go to try the holocaust . heather we be not . deborah we be not go to debate ' do the holocaust happen ? 's that 's what we agree . there be a silence . deborah pace . deborah ( cont 'd ) that 's what we agree ! heather he 's ask question . that 's all . he have to ask question . this be not about memorialise , it 's about forensics . deborah do you know how many people die here ? and he 's ask question about what really happen ? int . delousing chamber . day 66 rampton , still go at it inside with ROBERT jan , have turn to listen . the sound of deborah 's anger drift across to he , discernible but indistinct . he look at ROBERT jan . ext . birkenau . dusk 67 later . deborah walk back alone to the remain of crematorium ii . she stand , look at the step down to the rubble . she close she eye . ext . birkenau . day 68 in she mind 's eye , a great mass of woman 's foot staggering down the step that lead to the undress room . glimpse in between the leg , a small girl 's terrify face - like a young rachel bloch . no longer than a second or two . then 69 70 71 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 46 . ext . birkenau . dusk 69 deborah bow she head . deborah God , full of mercy , who dwell in the height , provide a sure rest upon the Divine presence 's wing , within the range of the holy , pure and glorious , whose shine resemble the sky 's ... hear a voice join in beside she , deborah look to find ROBERT jan . he take out a yarmulka from he pocket . they exchange a look , then lower they head and together start the prayer again , this time in Hebrew . El molei rachamim ... some way off , rampton appear , look towards they , silent , thoughtful . ext . market square . krakow . night 70 the old town centre . the grim little group , carry they bag , move across to they hotel . from the church tower , a trumpeter sound the hour from the belfry . int . HOTEL bar . krakow . night 71 deborah in the corner at a basic wooden table . heather and ROBERT jan at another banquette . rampton appear above she with a chill bottle of vodka and two shot glass . rampton I bring you a drink . I think you might need one . deborah thank you . I do . he sit down and pour , say nothing . deborah ( cont 'd ) do you get what you want from the visit ? rampton look up , stop by she hostility . rampton deborah , you must not characterise I without feeling . I have feeling . deborah what do you feel today ? full Blue script // December 4th 2015 47 . rampton shame . rampton push the glass across to she with one finger . rampton ( cont ’d ) I have a terrible fear that if I would be ask to draw up that plan , I might have agree . out of sheer weakness . deborah that 's honest of you to say so . rampton just a fact . the world be full of coward and I be one of they . there 's a line of goethe 's . '' Der feige droht nur , will er sicher ist . '' '' the coward only threaten when he feel secure . '' deborah I think you do not speak german . rampton shrug , modest . deborah ( cont 'd ) you have learn german ? in the last year ? rampton how else be I to master the document ? Irving have a forty - year start on I . I have have to try and catch up . deborah and have you ? rampton no. there be a trace of self - mockery in this chilly exchange . rampton pour two more shot glass . rampton ( cont ’d ) we will get a trial date soon . nine - tenth of court craft be preparation . deborah look at he a moment , thoughtful . deborah you have not take my statement yet . rampton no . no , I have not . full Blue script // December 4th 2015 deborah why be that ? rampton Anthony have not talk to you ? deborah shake she head . rampton ( cont ’d ) very well . we make a couple of decision . deborah tell I . rampton first , we decide we do not want to put the case before a jury . we think it 's safer to do it before a judge . deborah a single judge ? rampton yes . deborah everything depend on one man ? be that a good idea ? rampton shrug . rampton we be worried about what antic Irving might get up to with a audience of twelve . deborah I be surprised it 's we choice . rampton it 's not . we have to get Irving to agree . deborah why would he do that ? rampton oh . we have a notion . rampton smile to himself . deborah do not understand . deborah and the other one ? rampton sorry ? 48 . full Blue script // December 4th 2015 49 . deborah a couple of decision , you say . rampton oh yes of course . rampton look at she , absent for a moment . rampton ( cont ’d ) we decide ... Anthony and I both think it would be better if you do not testify . deborah I be sorry ? rampton that 's it . we do not believe you should testify . there be a silence . deborah be fix on he . then deborah reach and pour herself another shot . deborah it 's I ... rampton I know ... deborah it 's I he 's choose ... rampton I be aware of that . deborah of all the people who have write about he , David Irving have target I . I have to defend myself . rampton of course . I know that 's how it seem . but . he stop , reluctant to go on . deborah what ? I sit at my trial every day , I listen to my reputation be destroy - someone attack I , attack my work , my profession , my integrity , and I say nothing ? be that the idea ? rampton open he hand as if to say ' yes , that 's it . 's full Blue script // December 4th 2015 50 . deborah ( cont 'd ) why ? because you do not trust I ? rampton no. deborah you think I might get emotional ? rampton on today 's evidence ... deborah we be at auschwitz , Richard . but rampton look right back at she . deborah ( cont 'd ) can I remind you : I teach , I lecture , I talk to the press ... rampton I know . deborah I order idea . that 's what I do . that 's what I be good at . you think you need to protect I ? rampton I be not protect you , I be protect we case . we strategy be to keep the focus on Irving and Irving alone . the trial be not a test of you credibility , it 's a test of he . deborah look at he , shake . deborah you do not think I be good enough . rampton I have not say that . Irving 's a expert . he 's a scholar . deborah and I be not ? rampton you be in a different field . you be not a historian of the third Reich . rampton wait . it 's on a knife -edge . rampton ( cont ’d ) represent yourself . go in the box . why not ? Irving will be delighted . ( more ) full Blue script // December 4th 2015 51 . rampton ( cont ’d ) he 's get a huge dossier . everything you ever say or do . it 's what he 's always want . to get he hand on you and tear you apart . deborah and no doubt you think he have succeed ? you do not trust I . rampton be inscrutable , know this be a decisive moment . rampton everything you have to say you say in you book . we task be to starve Irving . put you on the stand would feed he . the trial 's happen to you , but it 's not about you . deborah this man hate I . he 's come for I . it 's personal . when someone hate you , you take they on . silence . then : deborah ( cont 'd ) you know what people will say . rampton I be afraid I do . deborah they 'il say I be a coward . '' she do not dare go into the box , because she know she would lose . '' rampton you be right . they will say that . deborah I will have to live with that . rampton yes . yes . that 's the price you will pay for win . 72 ext . high court . day 72 the impose facade . underneath : trench ( v.o. ) Mr julius , be there any other housekeep we need to do before we close the pre-trial hearing ? * 73 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 52. int . high court . day 73 a small room . almost informal , just a single judge , JOHN trench , 60 . irving , now 61 , at one table , julius at another , in suit and tie , with libson behind he . julius just one question , my Lord . trench what be it ? julius on we side , we be beginning to feel that for the layman this particular subject may represent a impossible challenge . trench I see . you be ask to dispense with a jury ? julius we be , my Lord . trench have you ask Mr Irving he view ? Mr Irving ? irving stir , uncertain . but julius modestly interrupt . julius perhaps , before Mr Irving speak ? trench go ahead . julius we all know : Mr Irving have devote he life to the study of the third Reich . I admit myself to have sometimes struggle with the demand of the material . I wonder if Mr Irving really believe that it 's fair to ask the regular Joe or Joan who walk in from the street to grasp in a mere few week what he himself have take a life-time to master . irving be look at he . which way will be jump ? then : irving I agree . the issue before the court be sufficiently complex to require the attention of a learn judge , and too complex to confront a jury with . 74 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 trench be you sure , Mr Irving ? irving quite sure . julius look , he bluff perfect . trench a trial by judge alone it be then . int . deborah' room . athenaeum HOTEL . day 53 . 74 deborah be unpack - unfamiliar adaptor plug , guide book . she 's think of everything . then a frame photo of herself with the mutt go in pride of place . david irving be on tv , do a respectful studio interview . irving ( tv ) naturally , I be delighted this case be finally come to court . interviewer ( tv ) you be represent yourself ? irving ( tv ) I have the advantage that although I do not know the law , I do know the topic . it would cost I half a million pound to hire professional representation . and unlike miss lipstadt , I do not have access to a network with that kind of money . deborah oh this be about money , be it ? deborah be shaking she head . a knock at the door . deborah ( cont 'd ) come in . a bell - boy appear with a huge bunch of white lily . bellboy the manager want you to have this . he 's wishing you luck . deborah thank you . thank you very much . I be just ask , but in you country be white lily lucky ? bellboy I think so , yes . 75 76 77 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 54 . deborah just how in the States you usually see they on a grave . int . deborah' room . night 75 deborah be turn she room into a operation centre : unpack book , videotape , file onto the desk . from the Sunday Times , she cut out a photo of irving : '' Irving predict complete Victory '' . she tape it to the side of she computer screen . on the tv , Victoria Wood in dinner lady : deborah look bewilder at this most English of comedy . int . irving' apartment . mount STREET . night 76 the television in irving be room be also play dinner lady . irving look at it a moment , enjoy the humour . then turn back to he desk to carry on he preparation . on he computer a screen-grab of deborah be humiliate at dekalb . he work on . ext . high court . fleet STREET . day 77 network reporter be speak straight to camera , from the middle of a pavement scrum - photographer , reporter . network reporter this morning will see the beginning of a extraordinary case in which a well - know historian and a obscure american academic will do battle to decide whether the holocaust take place ... network reporter 2 source be say that a whole network of supporter in the United States , include the film director Stephen spielberg , be pay for miss lipstadt 's defence ... network reporter 3 ... Mr Irving be rumoure to have a list of over 4000 contributor . they include a former U - boat captain who life in Hawaii ... network reporter 4 it 's expect that this trial will be a long one , both side digging in for a protract fight ... caption : JANUARY 11th , 2000 78 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 55 . on the opposite pavement , deborah , dress in coat and scarf , be amaze to see the scrum . resolutely she start crossing the road . the press have recognize she and be call out ' deborah , deborah 's and ' miss lipstadt . 's she take out a piece of paper and turn to read from it . as she do , julius and LAURA appear from nowhere like policeman . julius good morning , deborah . deborah turn in surprise . julius be wear a black robe . julius ( cont 'd ) we want to make sure you do not go in alone . deborah that 's sweet of you . julius it 's not sweet at all . we want to make sure you do not speak . deborah it 's just a short statement . look , there 's Julie mccarthy , NPR ... but he have already put he arm round she and LAURA have take the other , manoeuve she into the building . a man appear in front of deborah 's face . man lying jewish bitch ! but julius have she quickly out of the way . as the man be hustle away by police , he be hear shouting '' do not think there 's anywhere to hide . we be go to finish what Hitler start . '' int . cloister and interior . law court . day 78 Inside they let go , and suddenly deborah be all alone , look at the amazing gothic scale and splendour of the building . she 's awed , but she contemplation of it be disturb by the arrival at the entrance of irving outside , light by camera light , the press surround he . irving good morning , everyone . I be look forward to this , if I may say a few word ... she watch furious as the press write down everything he say . she catch up with julius , with nik and thomas carry box of document towards the court . * + eh 79 80 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 56 . deborah do you see he ? he 'il be all over the front page ... julius deborah , there 's only one person who matter and that 's the judge . if you do not speak in court and you do speak in the press , the judge be go to be furious . and rightly . deborah yeah , well , we both know the answer to that . deborah look at julius bitterly . julius and another thing . you jog the same way every day . do not . deborah what be you say ? julius I be not say anything . I be just say , vary you route . deborah look back outside . the angry man be still there . int . courtroom . day 79 a obvious contrast : deborah wait on the left-hand side of the court which be full - deborah now smile at forbe - watson who smile back . rampton be in wig and silk robe , alongside julius , libson , helena , heather and the team of researcher lead by LAURA . stack upon stack of box and bundle of evidence . deborah turn and look up to the gallery . some obvious Irving supporter - skinhead in t-shirt and tattoo and some less obvious - Aryan woman and middle - age man . then she look to the desert opposite side as irving come in , papers under he arm , bare space all around . he put he papers down in silence . julius smile . julius David and goliath . as advertise . irving suddenly turn and look straight at deborah . ok corral - they look hold . int . judge's chamber . day 80 charle gray , a suave , upper-class englishman , 5as , in wig and gown be read alone . the clerk knock on the door . 81 82 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 57 . clerk Sir , they be ready . gray thank you . gray close the book . it 's hitler 's war by David Irving , cover in post -it and handwritten note . gray finish he cup of tea then put it down on a desk cover with evidence submission , video - tape and totter mountain of book . he get up , nod at the clerk and leave the room . int . corridor & courtroom . day 81 gray sweep along the corridor and into the court . court usher Court rise . everyone stand . gray take he place . the whole court bow . julius whisper to deborah . julius bow . deborah I be american . everything else but no bow . int . courtroom . day 82 later . the court be pack except for the solitary area around irving . he be on he foot and address the judge , eloquent , commanding , he hand mostly behind he back . deborah be watch closely , try to get he measure . irving my Lord , I intend to show that far from be a holocaust denier , I have repeatedly draw attention to major aspect of the holocaust . this defendant have do very real damage to my professional existence . by virtue of the activity of miss lipstadt and that who fund she and guide she hand , since 1996 I have see one fearful publisher after another fall away from I and turn they back on I when I approach . my Lord , if we be to seek a title for this libel action , I would venture to suggest '' picture at a execution '' - my execution . 83 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 58. rampton , a compulsive cartoonist , be draw irving in the side of a document . deborah , look round , see a older woman , vera reich , small , upright , 70 , Polish , watch from the public gallery . irving ( cont 'd ) this defendant do not act alone . they be part of a organize international endeavour to discredit I . the word ' denier 's be particularly evil . the phrase be a poison to which there be virtually no antidote , less lethal than a hypodermic with nerve gas jabbe in the neck , but deadly all the same . for the choose victim it be like be call a wife beater or a paedophile . it be enough for the label to be attach for the attachee to find himself designate as a pariah , a outcast from normal society . it be a verbal yellow Star . irving have turn to look at deborah , put the accusation to she . deborah stare back . rampton 's cartoon show irving hang from a gallow , the noose caption ' fact 's . underneath he have put the title '' picture at a execution . '' int . high court lobby . day 83 recess . everyone be pour out of the court into the vault hall . deborah be with LAURA , julius and libson . LAURA so , what you do think of he ? deborah Irving ? I think he be oddly impressive . julius impressive ? julius smile , patronise . deborah the only thing that confuse I .. it be like Irving already know all we question and point . julius yes of course . we send they to he . 84 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 59 . deborah you send all we question ? in advance ? I do not get it . be not that revealing we strategy ? julius deborah , we have no strategy . we plan to box he in with the truth . int . court . day 84 deborah watch irving closely as rampton rise to he foot , at all time address gray , never once look at irving . rampton my Lord , Mr Irving call himself a historian . the truth , however , be that he be not a historian at all , but a falsifier of history . to put it bluntly , he be a liar . deborah look sharply across at rampton , realise he be use she word . rampton have two book in front of he , separate edition of hitler be war . he hold up the first and then the second . rampton ( cont ’d ) between the publication of the first edition of Hitler 's War in 1977 , and its second edition in 1991 , Mr Irving 's view about the holocaust underwent a sea-change . in 1977 , he accept it as a historical truth in all its essential - systematic mass murder of the Jews in purpose - build extermination factory . but in the 1991 edition , all trace of the holocaust in this sense have disappear . what be the reason for this astounding volte-face ? the principal reason can be express in one word : leuchter . deborah the man with the dirty underwear . deborah be so rapt she have speak to herself . libson shoot a glance to julius behind , who have also hear she . rampton accord to Mr Irving , the leuchter report be '' the biggest calibre shell that have yet hit the battleship auschwitz '' . ( more ) 85 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 60 . rampton ( cont 'd ) unfortunately for Mr Irving , the leuchter report be bunk and he know it . so why then do Mr Irving embrace the leuchter report with such enthusiasm ? why do he choose to publish it himself and even to write a introduction ? the answer must be that he want it to be true . after all if the holocaust never happen , then Hitler can not have order it or know about it . deborah and that 's the point . this time julius put a finger to he mouth to bid silence . rampton pick up another piece of paper and read from it . rampton in September 1991 Mr Irving speak to a audience in Calgary , alberta . this be what he say : '' I do not see any reason to be tasteful about auschwitz . it 's baloney . it 's a legend . oh you think that 's tasteless ? how about this ? there be so many auschwitz survivor go round , in fact they number increase as the year go past , that I be go to form a association of auschwitz Survivors , Survivors of the holocaust and other liar call a-s-s-h-o-l-s , pronounce no doubt ' asshol ’... '' rampton put down the paper . the court be silence . nobody move . irving look away , uninterested . rampton ( cont ’d ) my Lord , this be obviously a important case . for if it be true that Mr Irving have devote he energy to the deliberate falsification of this tragic episode in history , then by expose that dangerous fraud in this court , the defendant may properly be applaud for have perform a significant public service , not just in this country but wherever in the world anti- semitism and bigotry be wait to be feed . int . high court atrium . day 85 a buzz as everyone flow out into the echoing space . full Blue script // December 4th 2015 61 . deborah wow ! I think we be pretty effective . julius really ? deborah that be a pretty good start . julius I be glad you be happy . deborah I see he face . when we call he a liar . I do not think he 's use to hearing thing like that . it be exciting . vera have put herself in deborah be way . vera Excuse I . miss lipstadt ? deborah yes ? vera May I speak to you ? deborah you go ahead , I ’1l1 catch up . deborah have say this to julius who hesitates , then go on . vera I want you to come and meet some of my friend . Friends with something in common . vera roll up she sleeve . a tattooe number . deborah stare . vera ( cont 'd ) we want to know : how can you let this happen ? we do not understand . how can it be happen ? this be what you call a strategy ? none of we have be call . we have to be hear . the voice of suffer have to be hear . a trial of the holocaust and no witness ? how can that be right ? deborah look , she own doubt confirm . vera ( cont 'd ) there 's a whole group of we . deborah , we have to testify . ( more ) 86 87 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 62. vera ( cont 'd ) we have to . on behalf of the other . for the dead . deborah nod slightly . they be in a quiet corner . she reach out and touch vera 's arm . deborah I make you a promise . the voice of suffer will be hear . it will . I promise you that . ext . fleet STREET . day 86 deborah come out into the roar of traffic . the other have go . she step out and nearly get run over by a bus , forget they drive on the leave . a passerby call out '' watch out ! '' a close thing . int . brick court . day 87 deborah run up the stair and into chamber . it look like a party . LAURA , nik , thomas , heather etc . rampton be open a filing cabinet and get out a bottle of red wine . rampton I see this could well become a ritual . a welcome ritual , do not misunderstand . deborah ? deborah no , thank you . rampton a well - know Attorney General teach I very early on , one 's always a more effective advocate after a few glass of claret . and some sandwich . with a flourish , he open a dusty cupboard and inside there be plate of cut sandwich . everyone laugh and pile in . deborah move across to julius in the corner . deborah I need to talk to you . it 's urgent . I have just speak with a survivor . julius yes . well that 's likely . I have see several in the court . someone hand julius a glass of wine . julius ( cont 'd ) deborah , we be not go to discuss this again . full Blue script // December 4th 2015 63. deborah why not ? julius I have explain to you . deborah I do not think so . julius whatever you say , the survivor be not on trial . that 's how it be . they confuse the issue . keep they out of it . julius have raise he voice . rampton be alert to every word , but pretend not to listen . deborah you can look they in the face , can you , you can look survivor in the face and tell they they have no right to testify ? they be there ! they have the authority . julius deborah , this people come out of hell . I understand that . after all this year , they still have not process the experience . I know that too . but a trial , I be afraid , be not therapy . still less be it vindication . it be not we job to give emotional satisfaction to a whole lot of people who can never forget what happen to they . deborah you think they want to testify for themselves ? they do not give a damn about themselves . it 's the other . it 's they family . it 's they friend . if you be in they shoe , what would you feel ? julius just look , not answer . deborah ( cont 'd ) Anthony , I promise they they would be hear . I make a promise . julius well then you have better go back out and break you promise . deborah look straight at he , then leave . full Blue script // December 4th 2015 64 . ext . brick court . day 88 deborah be sit on the wall opposite , watch as the happy little team come chatter out of rampton 's chamber - julius , heather , nik , tomas , LAURA . she look grim , alone . they pass into the distance , chatter . but before they disappear , rampton turn back , unseen , and look at deborah . 89 90 91 92 int . athenaeum HOTEL . night 89 deborah , with box of chinese takeout half - eat , be watch one of she video : scratchy film from 1962 of a ss man , han stark , be interview . he speak german , overlaid with a English interpreter . stark ( german ) one day I be order to pour Zyklon B into the room because only one medical orderly have show up . the Zyklon B be in granular form , so it trickle down over people as it pour in . then they start to cry out terribly because they know what be happen to they . after a few minute , there be silence . deborah stare . ext . birkenau . day 90 in she head deborah see a flash of what stark be describe : a slit of bright daylight as the hatch be open , gas mask , blue pellet pour down touch bare flesh , a hatch slam shut . scream and cry . int . athenaeum HOTEL . night 91 deborah close she eye . ext . deborah' house . atlanta . night 92 libby be house-sitting . she be on the deck , leg in front of she , in the dark . the mutt be beside she . libby what 's wrong ? you do not sound happy . what 's happen ? deborah ( phone ) how 's the mutt ? 93 94 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 65 . libby the mutt 's lonely . he 's put on a show but he 's not fool anybody . you ? int . athenaeum . night 93 deborah be sit on the side of the bed . her room be a unvisit tip . she say nothing to libby 's question . deborah I ' 1l1 tell you what 's happen . today one of the lawyer , the creepy one , tell I if I have promise anything to the survivor , I have have to break my promise . libby he say that ? deborah Libby , I arrive in London , I think ' this man know best , it 's they country , it 's they system . 's I be with a lot of people who understand the fact . they know all the fact . but God know where they keep they heart . int . high court . day 94 ROBERT jan be in the witness box . he have tone down the colour of he hair and he have a perfect three - piece suit . arrange on easel be large colour photograph of birkenau and auschwitz . beside they be black and white drawing of the gas chamber interior . irving be examine he . irving May I first of all welcome you to we country and say what a great pleasure I have in read you book on auschwitz . you be deeply move to visit the actual location ? ROBERT jan more than move . I be frighten . it 's a awesome responsibility . deborah look to the gallery . vera 's look back be unwaver . irving Professor van pelt , would you agree it be the duty of historian to remain completely unemotional ? full Blue script // December 4th 2015 66 . ROBERT jan one 's duty be to be unemotional , to be objective , but one 's duty I think be to remain human in the exercise . irving nod , as if this be just something jan have to say . irving the site of auschwitz have not change very much since the end of World War 2 , apart from the barrack be tear down and be - cycle . can you explain to the court , please , why it be that in the very earliest reference to auschwitz publish by the Russians after the capture of the camp in January 1945 , there be no reference whatsoever to the discovery of gas chamber ? ROBERT jan I would need to see the document you refer to . gray that 's fair , I think . irving smile tolerantly at the judge 's interruption . irving it be fair , my Lord . you report quote extensively from first -hand testimony from a man call tauber . ROBERT jan yes . tauber be a sonderkommando in crematorium number 2 . he help with the prisoner , he be in charge of roll call . irving in charge of roll call , yes . ROBERT jan he be interrogate at the end of May 1945 . irving and , in he document , what do tauber tell we about the liquidation procedure ? ROBERT jan the simulation , please . full Blue script // December 4th 2015 ROBERT jan look to the judge , who nod permission . a computer simulation of the crematorium be now display . the camera move through the concrete-line room . deborah look up to vera , who be turn away , unable to watch . ROBERT jan ( cont 'd ) what he describe be the underground arrangement of the crematorium . the entrance be through a undress room . the prisoner go into a corridor , then through a door on the right into the gas chamber . the door be close hermetically by mean of iron bar which be screw tight . the roof of the gas chamber be support by concrete column and wire - mesh pillar . irving Professor ? ROBERT jan pause the simulation . irving gesture towards one of the photograph , a aerial view of the collapse roof . irving ( cont 'd ) in you simulation that be the roof we can see on this big photograph here ? ROBERT jan yes . irving it be that self - same roof ? ROBERT jan point to he line drawing . ROBERT jan yes . tauber say the side of this pillar which go up through the roof be of heavy wire mesh , like this . irving frown as if not understanding . irving what do it mean when it say '' the pillar go up through the roof '' . go up to the roof , presumably ? ROBERT jan yes , but they pop out above the roof . irving the pillar pop out ? full Blue script // December 4th 2015 68 . ROBERT jan ( indicating ) the pillar go through a hole in the roof and the earth which be assemble on top of the roof , and then there be a little kind of chimney on top of that . irving what be the purpose of that , architecturally speak ? ROBERT jan because this be hollow pillar and this be the pillar where the crystal of Zyklon B be insert into the gas chamber . irving gesture to the drawing . irving my Lord , you can see the lay out . you can see the pillar with the wire mesh column next to they . deborah be worried . rampton look up , also concerned . irving ( cont 'd ) you have draw in that wire mesh column have you not ? in the sketches and on the computer ? ROBERT jan one of my student draw they , yes . irving yes but the wire mesh be a addition , it 's not base on drawing and blueprint , be it ? ROBERT jan it be base on a draw make by the man who actually make this pillar . Michael kula . in the camp workshop . in August 1941 , he ... irving so this hole in the roof , or this hole in the roof , how many wire mesh column be there ? four ? ROBERT jan four . irving laugh and throw down he document . irving Professor pelt , we be waste we time really , be we not ? ( more ) full Blue script // December 4th 2015 69 . irving ( cont 'd ) you yourself have stand on that roof and look for that hole and not find they . we expert have stand on that roof and not find they . irving point at the photo of the roof as it be today , just a overgrown heap of rubble , then turn to gray . irving ( cont 'd ) my Lord , there be no hole in that roof . there never be any hole . therefore they cannot have pour cyanide capsule through that roof . you will appreciate that if there have be that hole in the roof , which be the cardinal lynch -pin of the defence in this action , they would have be find by now . they have not find they and all the eyewitness on whom he rely be therefore expose as the liar they be . deborah have look up to where reporter in the gallery be scribbling frantically . vera be shifting , try to attract deborah 's attention . she be scrawling a note to julius : this will kill US in the PRESS . irving look to the clock , victorious . irving ( cont 'd ) my Lord , it be four minute to four . unless Mr rampton wish to say something to repair the damage ... ROBERT jan my Lord , may I respond to this ? gray you may . but not until tomorrow . we adjourn for today . ten-thirty . thank you . 95 ext . high court . day 95 network reporter be already face the camera . network reporter ( overlapping ) the lipstadt trial take a extraordinary turn in the High Court today when evidence be present which cast doubt on the idea that auschwitz be ever use as a extermination camp . the historian David Irving - 96 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 70 . deborah , julius , heather , LAURA and libson be pour out of the court in some disarray . deborah be furious . julius just walk away . say nothing . deborah why do rampton drop it ? why do he let it go ? julius deborah , there be journalist . keep walk and look straight ahead . they walk past another reporter do a piece to camera . another reporter Mr Irving be effectively argue ' no hole , no holocaust ... 's deborah be stony - face . rampton have appear beside they . julius Richard , if you could give we some time ... rampton I do not have long . julius it 's all right , we will not take long . we have a unhappy client . rampton notice as vera step into deborah 's path . vera deborah , this be disastrous . this be what I tell you . I tell you ! why do not you listen ? the group sweep on , silent . int . mishcon do reya . staircase & office . day 96 the group come up the stair in moody silence . they sweep into julius 's office . julius throw down he gown . julius all right , let 's look at this calmly . there 's no need to panic . rampton Irving pull a rabbit out of the hat . he think it 's clever . it 's not clever . ( more ) full Blue script // December 4th 2015 71 . rampton ( cont 'd ) you produce some supposedly devastating piece of evidence at five minute to four . julius be now reach for document and photograph . julius here we be , look . it 's amateur . julius be hold out photograph . he and deborah talk over each other . rampton have sit down in a big armchair . deborah that do not mean it be not effective . julius Robert Jan will deal with it tomorrow . look , look at this . deborah I have look at they , I know they . julius here we be look , perfectly clear , the olere drawing , the usaf aerial photo , the Little train photo ... deborah julius I know this photo , I have there they be . the hole , in see they a thousand time , I all the photo in exactly the do not need to look , that 's same place , same pattern , not the point I be make ... that 's what Robert Jan 's go to say , Robert Jan will say ... deborah yes , and we know what Irving be go to say . he 's go to say they be not hole , they be shadow . they be glitches on the negative . or they be forgeries . or they be paint-can on the roof . julius and we will prove otherwise . deborah how do you prove that ? it 's too late . it 's already out there ! it 's in the press . julius so ? deborah Irving 's get what he come for . he want headline . ( more ) + h hk full Blue script // December 4th 2015 72. deborah ( cont 'd ) well he 's get ‘em . ' no hole , no holocaust ! 's it 's 0.j. all over again ! ' if the glove do not fit , you must acquit . 's that 's what he want . he want a catchy phrase . and now he 's get it . it 's like a virus - LAURA do you want tea ? deborah LAURA ( to herself ) no I do not want tea . you know just ask . what he 's do ... deborah he 's make it respectable to say there be two point of view . people hear the news , they think : ' oh I see , some people believe there be gas chamber at auschwitz , and hey , this be interesting - some people do not . 's julius look to rampton , but he be stare ahead , uninvolved . LAURA be give they all tea . nik and thomas be come in to pick up the photo and get they duplicate . libson deborah , you know why Irving choose auschwitz - birkenau in the first place ? deborah why he choose auschwitz ? because everyone 's hear of it . libson no. deborah because of its emotional impact . libson no. deborah well ? libson because it be not build as a extermination camp , it be build as a labour camp . then it be modify . deborah I know that . full Blue script // December 4th 2015 73. julius yes , but that 's why he 's go after it . it 's a batter ram into a much bigger subject . auschwitz be at the centre of holocaust belief , that 's why it 's also at the centre of holocaust denial . if you think of it logically , it make no sense at all , what he say . think what he 's say ... '' no hole , no holocaust ! '' he seize one tiny fact , and because some detail can not still be physically prove , he say '' oh well then , that mean everything 's throw into doubt . no - one in the camp be ever murder . they all die of typhus ! it be not the Nazis who kill they , it be disease ! '' deborah be shaking she head , not satisfied . deborah I know , I know he do that ... julius for goodness 's sake , it 's the same with the Hitler trick , offer a thousand dollar ... libson exactly the same . deborah tell I about it , I be the one he do it to . '' oh well if you can not find a piece of paper where Hitler say ' please murder the Jews 's , then that prove Hitler never want they to die in the first place . Hitler be the Jews 's best friend . '' he say that ! he actually say it ! julius , libson and deborah be absorb in they argument , but rampton have sit listen quietly throughout . rampton I have to go . deborah no , hold on ... rampton what ? 97 98 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 74 . deborah I want to say something and for once I want everyone to listen . I be the fuck defendant ! frustrate and angry , deborah have lose it completely , but rampton be stare at she , thoughtful . deborah ( cont 'd ) even I know what the rule be . the client instruct . that 's the rule . well the client 's instruct . the survivor go on the stand . and I go on the stand as well . she wait for the impact of she statement . but rampton just get up and start to leave . rampton gentlemen . deborah what 's happen ? where be you go ? why 's he leave ? Richard , wait . int . hallway & stair . mishcon do reya . day 97 deborah follow but rampton be already disappear down the stair , with a broad grin and a ironic wave of the hand . julius follow deborah out . julius because he have to prepare ! that 's why he 's leave . he do not just turn up in court . he devote he whole day , every minute of he day , rigorously , to this case and nothing but ! and that 's the point ! julius have now lose it as well . deborah be already shaking she head . but julius be head into a conference room . int . conference room . day 98 julius come in , and start look through video as they argue . deborah what you be ignore , what you refuse to deal with : we know what happen at auschwitz because there be people who actually see it ... julius oh deborah ... 99 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 75 . deborah yes . with they own eye . they be call survivor . julius yes . and put survivor on the stand and Irving will humiliate they . remember the Zundel trial . remember the exodus trial . the survivor get tear apart . because survivor do not remember . not every detail . they get something wrong - they say a door be on the leave , when actually it be on the right - and wham ! Irving 's in . '' you see ! they be liar , you can not trust anything they say ... '' libson that 's it , that 's the technique . julius have put a tape in the machine . libson and LAURA have follow the argument into the room . julius there be survivor who believe they be examine by Dr mengele . they never even meet mengele , he be at another camp altogether . but they meet a doctor and today they believe it be he . do you think Irving be go to respect they ? you want that , do you ? holocaust survivor mock and humiliate ? he turn up the sound on a tv image of irving with a crowd in Florida . he be hold up a photo of a survivor with a tattoo on she arm . irving ( tv ) .-.-.- and I all say to she '' Mrs. altman , how much money have you make out of that tattoo since 19452 '' julius turn off the tv and throw down the control . julius you want more of that ? you think that 's helpful ? ext . mishcon . night 99 deborah step into the path of a taxi with outstretch arm , force it to screech to a halt . 100 101 102 103 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 76 . int . taxi . night 100 deborah have get into a taxi outside mishcon de reya . bad - tempere , she lean forward to the driver . deborah we be go to the athenaeum , you want to go to pall mall , it 's quick . driver sorry , but in this country we do not tell the cabbie which route to take . deborah I see . and in this goddam country be anyone allow to say anything at all ? ext . athenaeum HOTEL . night 101 deborah , in a fury , get out of the taxi , slamm the door . walk angrily across the pavement , past the salute doorman . ext . street . night 102 out she come again , in jogging gear . a few passer by stare as deborah move down picadilly , a angry woman at speed . she slow by a even Standard news poster : no hole , no holocaust . she run on , work out she emotion . then by westminster Bridge she come to the statue of boadicea - heroic as ever . she look at it bitterly , she hand on hip . int . athenaeum . night 103 from the shower , deborah be watch the television through a gap in the plastic curtain . irving be see outside court . irving ( tv ) Professor lipstadt be clearly afraid to go into the witness box . what be she scared of ? she 's scared of free debate . be she case really that weak ? I be alone in there and I be speak . she 's get more than thirty barrister , lawyer , expert , historian and she 's silent . she 's effectively plead the fifth amendment , and we all know that 's traditionally the route of people who have get something to hide . 104 105 106 107 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 77 . deborah , in despair , slap the shower curtain and let out a howl of pure rage . int . athenaeum HOTEL . night 104 a towel round she head , deborah be at she computer e-mail julius : '' Anthony , we have to talk . '' the phone go . deborah hello ? LAURA ( phone ) deborah , it 's Laura . deborah Laura . int . laura' flat . night 105 LAURA be in a bed-sitter . simon be serve supper . the bed be behind . it 's warm , friendly . simon try to move LAURA 's ubiquitous work papers off the table , as though they be just a inconvenience , but she grab they . LAURA I be sorry , it 's none of my business , but I want to make sure you be all right . deborah ( phone ) that 's kind of you , Laura . LAURA I could see you be unhappy . I know Anthony can be a little brutal . deborah ( phone ) no. really ? LAURA but it 's from the best motive . he really do want to help you . I want you to know that . int . athenaeum . night 106 deborah that 's kind of you , Laura . but I do not want to be help . I want to help . scene CUT 107 * a * + eh 108 109 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 78. int . rampton 's chamber . night 108 rampton be at he desk , bury below mound of document . his lone light burn deep . his whisky bottle be empty , he go to the cupboard to get another . find a curly old sandwich leave over from lunch . eat it . go back to he desk . pour . as he put the bottle down , he see the small piece of barb wire from auschwitz . he pick it up , feel it . ext . london . day 109 the sun break over the Thames . int . rampton 's chamber . day 110 heather arrive for work and knock . hear nothing , she go in . rampton be asleep at he desk . she touch he shoulder . heather Richard . int . high court . day 111 fade black and white photo of ventilator , and door with peephole and grill be set out on easel . irving be in the witness box . deborah look round for julius but he 's not there . instead rampton turn and look at she very directly . she 's surprised . then he get up , no sign of the night 's work on he face . rampton so now , Mr Irving , I will ask you to explain why , if as you claim , there be no gas chamber at auschwitz , the grating take in 1945 by the Polish authority from morgue 1 of crematorium 2 be cover with cyanide ; and why the camp 's chief architect , Karl bischoff , specifically refer to morgue 1 as a vergasungskeller - a gassing cellar . well ? irving shift slightly , before answer . irving I be willing to concede that they do indeed find in the ventilator grate trace of cyanide . rampton they do ? full Blue script // December 4th 2015 79 . irving yes . and I will also concede that the room be indeed a gassing cellar . rampton it be ? irving yes . rampton good . so , gassing what ? irving I think the evidence be clear that it be use as a gassing cellar for fumigate cadaver . rampton fumigate cadaver ? irving yes . gray look up , frown . rampton what exactly make you say that ? irving that be what mortuary be for . in mortuary you put cadaver . rampton what be the evidence for that ? irving I beg you pardon ? rampton what be the evidence that they use that room for gassing corpse ? irving that be what it be build for . gray stir , not understanding . gray I be sorry , this seem a crude question , but what be the point of gassing a corpse ? irving because , my Lord , they come in heavily infest with the typhus - bear lice which have kill they . 112 113 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 80. there be a pause . rampton 's eye narrow . he point to the photo of the door with the peephole and grill . rampton do they ? do they , Mr Irving ? do they indeed ? so why , then , please , explain to I , why do it need a gas-tight door with a peep hole with double eight millimetre glass and a metal grill on the inside ? it 's the kill . time seem to slow to nothing . deborah close she eye . ext . birkenau . day ( in deborah 's head ) 112 for a brief moment , she see the peep hole in the door . barely discernible , close - pack face cry out in panic and terror , finger claw at the metal grill . a small girl 's face lose in the turmoil , terrify . int . high court . day 113 deborah whip round and stare accusingly at irving . he be aware of she , but avoid she gaze . time begin to move again . irving you will remember at this time most of Germany be under the weight of Royal Air Force bomber command . there be a concern about the need to build bomb-tight shelter . rampton so now it 's a air-raid shelter , be it ? irving I beg you pardon ? rampton it be either a cellar for gassing already - dead corpse , or else it 's a air-raid shelter ? irving do I say either or ? rampton in early 1943 ? a air-raid shelter , when you know perfectly well that the first bombing raid near auschwitz be not until late ' 44 ? irving say nothing . full Blue script // December 4th 2015 81. rampton ( cont ’d ) and the place of this suppose air-raid shelter ? if it be for the ss , then it be a terribly long way from the ss barrack , be not it ? have you think about that ? two and half mile be not it ? they would all be dead before they get there if there be bombing raid . deborah be amaze , have at last realise what rampton be up to . a image of rampton pace out distance at auschwitz flash into she head as she remember . rampton ( cont ’d ) do you really see a whole lot of heavily armed soldier run two and half to three mile from the ss barrack to this cellar at the far end of birkenau camp ? rampton be lethal , in complete control now . rampton ( cont ’d ) you see I be try to understand , if there be this dual function , if you can help I , if the corpse be also gass in there , then as I understand it , they be then send to be incinerate ? irving yes . rampton Mr Irving , what would be the point of gassing a corpse which be shortly go to be burnt ? irving look away . deborah stare in intense anger . irving I be not sure , say this off the top of my head , Mr rampton . I be not a holocaust historian , I be a Hitler historian . rampton then why do not you keep you mouth shut about the holocaust ? rampton 's contempt be now complete . 114 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 82. rampton ( cont ’d ) the truth be that , as usual , Mr Irving , you dive in off the board , say whatever rubbish come into you head in order to avoid draw the obvious conclusion . this be not because you be a rotten historian . it 's because you be a bent one , as well . silence . no - one move . inadvertently irving find deborah 's stare , but look away at once as if nothing have happen . int . lobby . high court . day 114 deborah come out , very move by what she have hear . there be not many people about . she see vera sit by herself on a bench , also plainly stunne by the morning . deborah , say nothing , go and sit next to she . then she take she hand and hold it she . vera squeeze hers in response . int . athenaeum . night 115 rampton be stand in the corridor . he be hold a bottle of red wine . he knock on the door . he wait a few moment , and deborah open it . she be wear a dress gown over she day clothes , and be plainly not expect he . she 's shocked . rampton forgive I . perhaps I should have rung . I think it would be interesting to see where you live . deborah say nothing . rampton ( cont ’d ) be that all right ? deborah yes . of course it 's all right . come in . rampton thank you . deborah I be afraid I be a little bit disorganize . rampton well I be sure that 's not go to bother I . rampton enter . it 's a bit of a pigsty . she 's be here for week , and stuff have accumulate . he hold up the wine . full Blue script // December 4th 2015 83 . rampton ( cont ’d ) the 1995 pommard Les epenot be quite special , I think , do not you ? you have it before , remember ? deborah oh. yes . rampton you could call it we wine . deborah there be glass here . rampton shame . I rather like plastic , but you can not have everything . he smile at she , easy . she 's bewilder by he visit . she get the glass . he sit down with the corkscrew . rampton ( cont ’d ) I like to treat myself a little , do not you ? why should all the bad people have all the good thing in life ? like this ? he hold the bottle up again . deborah you have a good morning . rampton I do , do not I ? I feel it rather go my way . cheer . deborah cheer . they raise glass and drink . deborah ( cont 'd ) it 's pay off . rampton what be ? deborah you technique . the idea you have of never catch he eye . rampton oh you have notice , have you ? deborah what do you think I have be do the last few week ? full Blue script // December 4th 2015 84 . rampton it 's my way of tell he what I think of he . I do not even look at he . it 's get under he skin . deborah be look at he now . deborah I owe you a apology . rampton do you ? I can not think what for . deborah at auschwitz . rampton ah. deborah I think you be late . and I think you be rude . of course now I understand . you be pace the distance . rampton I have to . deborah I understand that now . rampton it 's a murder scene , you go to the site of the crime . deborah you be prepare a case . you have to be sure . however disrespectful you seem . however heartless . rampton of course . that 's what I do . rampton look at she . he be very move . rampton ( cont ’d ) I have no idea what to expect . it be a brief . my previous brief , believe it or not , be work for macdonalds . I think I know what six million mean . but I do not . it be just a number . if I would stay in that place any longer , I would have be too angry to handle the case . how could auschwitz just be a brief ? I be amaze that you seem to think it could ever be that . full Blue script // December 4th 2015 85 . deborah acknowledge this silently . rampton ( cont ’d ) it 's painful for I to watch a client in such distress . we do not set out to make you unhappy . deborah I know that . rampton well ? deborah hesitates . deborah I never trust anyone to do anything . since I be a child . all I have be my voice , my conscience . just that . and I have to listen to it . rampton you conscience ? deborah yes . rampton interesting thing , conscience . Problem be : what feel best be not always what work best . by all mean , stand up , look the devil in the eye , have a go at he . yes , very satisfy . why not ? see what happen . and risk lose . not just for yourself . for the other . for everyone . for ever . deborah get up and move across the room . it 's unbearable . deborah or ? rampton you know ' or 's . stay seat . bite you tongue . defeat he for good . I need a act of denial . deborah how can you ask I that ? do you have any idea how hard it be to hand you conscience over to somebody else ? it 's everything I think I never would do . all right , I 'il hand mine over to a fly - fishing , whisky - drink Scotsman . + h hk + h HH hf full Blue script // December 4th 2015 86 . rampton thank you , deborah . I appreciate that . int . athenaeum . night 116 deborah close the door . rampton have go . she go to the table . there , the empty bottle of red wine , the two glass . she pick up a cartoon which rampton have leave for she . she look at it , relieved . then she drain the wine from one of the glass . ext . strand . day 117 the law - court in the morning . across the street , a small , unpretentious cafe . int . cafe . day 118 egg sizzle on a grill . rampton be sit eat bacon and egg . there 's condensation on the window , back - light by pale wintry sunshine . deborah come in to join he . she nod at the large fearsome - look black lump on he plate . deborah there you be . what be that ? rampton Black pudding . traditional . it 's make from blood . deborah and you want to live to the end of the trial , do you ? rampton well you have cheer up since last night . deborah I have cheer up because of last night . a waitress have appear . rampton Black pudding for my friend please . deborah ignore he . a bagel . you know ? plain . round . with a hole . like a doughnut . waitress we know what a bagel be . full Blue script // December 4th 2015 87 . she go . deborah call after she . deborah and not toast ! rampton I need this . it 's go to be a tough day . deborah prove intention ? rampton Richard Evans have give we plenty of place where Irving get he fact wrong . deborah but we have to prove he get they wrong intentionally . rampton exactly . deborah I love Irving 's defence . it make I laugh . '' be fair , I be a honest historian , I may have make a few mistake . historian do . yes , I screw up , but I do not screw up deliberately . '' rampton he 's fight for he life . remember , he know the law just as well as we do . unless we can prove Irving 's mistake be deliberate , we lose . we lose . int . high court . day 119 evan be in the box . irving be cross-examing . deborah look across to two perfect blonde women , who look like valkyry in leather and fur behind irving . gray shift , impatient . gray Mr Irving , the defence be claim that you deliberately falsify evidence to suit you own political purpose . you must address that charge . we must deal with what we call ' keine liquidierung 's . gray gesture to he to continue . + HH fh * % + HH HH + h hk full Blue script // December 4th 2015 88. irving very well . we be look first at the November 30th entry , be I right ? irving be about to speak but evan turn to gray . evan my Lord , if I may explain the context ? gray please . evan heinrich himmler , the head of the ss , keep a log in which he make a record of every telephone call he give and receive . in 1941 , he call heydrich from Hitler 's bunker to give he instruction . after the call he write some word . '' judentransport aus Berlin . keine liquidierung . '' which clearly mean '' the Jew Transport from Berlin . no liquidation . '' for emphasis he repeat the line slowly . evan ( cont 'd ) '' the Jew Transport '' - singular - '' from Berlin . '' evan pick up hitler 's war . deborah look expectantly to rampton as if to say ' be this the moment ? 's rampton tilt he head to get deborah to look towards evan . evan ( cont 'd ) in hitler' war you write something completely different . '' at 1.30 himmler be oblige to telephone from Hitler 's bunker to heydrich the explicit order that Jews be not to be liquidate . '' in other word , you mistranslate the log so as to pretend that this order come directly from Hitler - which it do not - they have not even meet that day - and that it apply not to just one particular trainload but to all Jews throughout Germany . and in order to bolster this false impression , you omit the word ' Berlin 's altogether . evan smile , conclusive . now rampton and deborah both lean in , scent the kill . 120 121 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 89 . evan ( cont 'd ) so you claim to have incontrovertible proof that Hitler try to stop the liquidation of the Jews - as oppose to one particular trainload of Jews - be false . you know it then and you know it now . it 's wrong . irving smile as though he know better . irving of course if you privately decide that it be a reasonable kind of mistake to make when one be read a new document for the first time , you would immediately tell the court , would you not ? evan of course I would . I do not feel this be a reasonable mistake to make . I believe it 's deliberate . deborah let out a involuntary snort . the Nordic blond and irving hear it and turn to she , glaring . rampton whisper to * deborah . * rampton * do not worry , they can not turn you to * stone . * deborah * I get to go pee . * deborah get up to go out . julius sit next to LAURA * signal to she with a tilt of the head . * int . lady 's room . day 120 deborah open the door of she stall , come out . there be only one basin vacant , between the two Aryan woman . one of they be adjust she make - up , the other wash she hand . suddenly very aware of be a Jew among Nazis , deborah go to the middle basin and wash . the two women stare at she , silent . then deborah go to dry she hand on the towel . the two women be still stare . int . law court . day 121 * deborah come out , shake . LAURA wait for she outside . * they say nothing as they return to the court , side by side . * 122 123 124 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 90 . int . laura' flat . night 122 LAURA be work at document at the little table under a single light . simon be already in bed . he sit up . LAURA what ? simon because I be tired of it . you do not even want to be a lawyer . she 's tired , and could do without this . he 's gentle . simon ( cont 'd ) holocaust , holocaust . there be other thing . at some point do not everyone have to let go ? be this go to go on for ever ? it 's a obsession . how many year ? be they ever go to let go of this grievance ? LAURA I think it 's rather more than a grievance . LAURA do not turn , she 's too angry . she work on . simon get up and come to try and kiss she , but she 's cold . LAURA ( cont 'd ) I do not think you should say any more . ext . court . day 123 the familiar network reporter outside a busy court . network reporter ( overlapping ) today , this punish trial finally head towards its conclusion . the defence will have its fifth and final chance to examine David Irving . the defence will be seek to make a connection between Irving 's work as a historian and what they allege be he more general anti-semitism and racism ... int . high court . day 124 the court be once more pack . irving be see on video . irving ( video ) I find the whole holocaust story utterly boring . ( more ) full Blue script // December 4th 2015 91 . irving ( video ) ( cont 'd ) the Jews keep go on about the holocaust because it be the only interesting thing which have happen to they in 3,000 year . I be not interested in the holocaust , I do not know anyone who be . rampton freeze the image . rampton that 's a excerpt from a speech you make at the best western Hotel in Tampa on July 25th 1998 . irving I remember speak , I do not know what the date be . rampton you say '' I think 95 % of the think public find the holocaust endlessly boring but they dare not say it , because it be politically incorrect . '' irving shrug as if to say '' well it 's true . '' deborah be watch like a hawk , eye on rampton . rampton ( cont ’d ) Mr Irving , next I want to refer you to a talk you give to the clarendon Club , whatever that may be , on 19th September 1992 . the transcript . tab 5 , my Lord , page 35 . gray thank you . a video play of irving at the clarendon Club . irving ( video ) but if there be one thing that get up my nose I must admit it be this . I switch on my television set and see one of they read we news to we . rampton stop the video . rampton now , Mr. Irving , who be the '' they '' and who be the '' we '' ? irving trevor McDonald . full Blue script // December 4th 2015 92 . gray McDonald ? irving a newsreader , my Lord . rampton a black newsreader . irving well in fact this be a stock speech I use to make . I would say '' in the good old day , the announcer use to wear a dinner jacket , but now they have woman read the news , and they have - '' " it 's part of a general speech . rampton yes . '' it be we news and they be read it to I . '' rampton start the video again . irving ( video ) if '' they '' could have they own news which they be read to we I suppose it would be very interesting . for the time be , I would be prepare to accept that the BBC should have a dinner - jackete gentleman read all the important news , follow by a lady read all the less important news . follow by trevor McDonald give all the latest news about mugging and drug bust . rampton turn the video off . rampton '' Rest lose in loud laughter and applause . '' be you not appal by that ? irving not in the least . this be a witty speech deliver after dinner to a audience in a private club . rampton ' witty 's , do you say ? irving well , it get laughter . full Blue script // December 4th 2015 93 . rampton no doubt . as Dr Goebbels 's audience would have laugh at he . LAURA be watch intently , appal . deborah look down to the familiar cartoon in front of she , and for the first time look not at she own gag figure but at rampton lead the charge . she smile to herself . rampton ( cont ’d ) '' I be not anti-coloured , take it from I . nothing please I more than when I arrive at a airport and I see a coloured family there - when I see black family arrive at the airport I be happy . and when I see they leave at London airport I be happy . '' well , Mr Irving ? well ? irving shrug , as if it be nothing . irving I think we all dislike tourist of any colour . rampton tourist ? this be black people . you be speak to a bunch of racist . irving no I be not . they be perfectly ordinary guest at a ... rampton if they be ordinary , why be there cheer ? irving well obviously they like the joke . rampton look at he in disbelief . rampton Mr Irving , before we proceed any further , I think you might be advise to have a look at you own diary , if you would not mind . 38 , please , Mr irving. 38 , tab 10 of the bundle k4 . rampton be forbid now , lift a new document . it 's tense as irving and gray both turn page . then : full Blue script // December 4th 2015 94 , rampton ( cont ’d ) '' a quiet evening at home . jessica ... '' who be jessica ? irving my little infant child . rampton yes. irving she be nine month old at this time . rampton nine month old in September 1994 . '' jessica be turn into a fine little lady . she sit very upright on a ordinary chair , a product of we regular walk to the bank , I be sure . on that walk we sing the binkety - bankety - bong song . she star in a poem when half - breed child be wheeled past . '' and then you go into italic : '' I ama baby Aryan / not jewish or sectarian / I have no plan to marry / a ape or rastafarian . " there be a silence . rampton put the document down . deborah be open-mouthed in disbelief . rampton ( cont ’d ) racist , Mr Irving ? anti-semitic , Mr Irving ? irving I do not think so . rampton Teaching you little child this kind of poison ? irving do you think a nine month old can understand word speak in English or any other language ? rampton the poor little child have be teach a racist ditty by she pervert racist father . irving have you ever read Edward lear or hilaire belloc ? 125 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 95 . rampton they have not bring a libel action , Mr Irving . you have . Mr Irving , you sue because you say we call you a racist and a extremist . irving yes , but I be not a racist . rampton be finish . he do not even look at irving . rampton Mr Irving , look at the word on the page . ext . high court . day 125 the whole gang come out together - deborah , rampton , LAURA , julius , libson etc . they be high as kite . LAURA that be good stuff ... libson well do , there it be . anti- semitism , racism , holocaust denial : we always say it be a package do not we ? symptom , motive , purpose . what else do they want ? deborah look at julius who be impassive . deborah what do you think , Anthony ? julius think ? I think nothing . much the most boring morning we have have in court so far . deborah my God ... you do love to be contrary . julius the man 's a anti-semite . it 's like have shit on you shoe . you wipe it off . you do not have to study it . deborah thanks Anthony . my whole life 's be study it . they both laugh . * 125a 126 127 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 96 . ext . strand . day 125a continuous . deborah take julius on one arm and rampton on the other as they prepare to cross the road . as they wait for a bus to pass , irving be talk to kate kelland , a Reuters reporter in the background . irving you can hardly accuse I of be a racist . among my domestic staff I have a barbadian , a punjabi , a Sri lankan , and pakistani . and I can tell you they be all very attractive girl with very nice breast . kelland stand , amaze . irving be matter of fact . kelland I be sorry ? can you say that again ? int . rampton 's chamber . day 126 everyone gather together for the last time , eat sandwich , drink wine - deborah , julius , LAURA , heather , libson , nik , thomas . there be a silence . then : rampton you know what I will miss ? in 1l miss this lunch . all I too . I too . they look round , smile . then raise they glass silently . LAURA look to deborah . LAURA it 's something I never expect . my parent make I take up law . and the first case I get , I feel I be make a difference . it 's a wonderful feel . I never , ever expect that . rampton but , Laura , why on earth do you think it 's any different for I ? rampton have look up in genuine surprise . ext . high court . day 127 the pavement be cramme again , with news crew , as the group return from lunch pass the network reporter . * + eh + HH hhh hf % 128 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 97 . network reporter this trial have be both long , now run for almost eight week and hugely expensive . its cost be currently estimate at over three million pound . some be say this trial raise serious issue for freedom of speech . now only the two summing - up remain before the judge , Charles Gray qc , retire for what we be tell will be at least four week to consider he verdict . int . high court . day 128 the court overflow now . rampton come across to deborah . rampton be you survivor friend in the court ? deborah why ? deborah nod up to vera sit in she place . rampton put he hand on she arm , then move across to address the court . rampton my Lord , I start with this , that if one have read some of the media report , one might have suppose that Mr Irving have be drag into this court to defend he freedom of speech . the history of the matter be quite the reverse . the defendant do make serious charge . but , as it turn out from the evidence , the accusation be true in every significant respect . rampton share a look with deborah before continue . he really want she to hear this . rampton ( cont ’d ) the holocaust take place in stage . the first stage , beginning in 1941 , consist of mass shooting carry out by specially form ss group and they local ally . deborah close she eye . there be a moment as the face of a multitude of people be show on the wall of the court , as if the ghost of the dead be present . full Blue script // December 4th 2015 98 . rampton ( cont ’d ) this result in the death of up to 1.5 million Jews live in Russia and the baltic States . the second stage , which begin in December 1941 , consist of the gassing of Jews of the Warthegau and Poland . this result in the death of probably as many as 2.6 million . the third stage , beginning with mass deportation in 1941 , culminate in the gassing , mostly at auschwitz , of Jews from Central , western and Southern Europe . this stage last until late 1944 . at this point rampton look to deborah then turn and look up to the gallery where vera and the other survivor be sit . he address they . rampton ( cont ’d ) the total achievement of this systematic mass murder be probably between five and six million innocent soul . rampton bow imperceptibly to vera who stare back , move . the multitude disappear . deborah watch , not breathe . rampton ( cont ’d ) it be wildly implausible therefore to present Adolf Hitler as a somewhat harry business executive , too preoccupy to know what be happen in the branch office in treblinka and auschwitz . during this trial we have hear from Professor Evans and other of at least twenty five major falsification of history . well , say Mr Irving , all historian make mistake . but there be a difference between negligence , which be random in its effect and a deliberateness which be far more one -side . all Mr Irving 's little fiction , all he tweak of the evidence , all tend in the same direction : exculpation of Adolf Hitler . it be , to use a analogy , like a waiter who always give the wrong change . if the waiter be honest , then we may expect he mistake sometimes to benefit the customer , sometimes himself . but Mr Irving be the dishonest waiter . every one of he mistake work in he own favour . full Blue script // December 4th 2015 99 . for once at the trial deborah smile . rampton ( cont ’d ) how far , if at all , Mr Irving 's anti-semitism be a cause of he Hitler apology , or vice versa , be unimportant . whether they be take together or individually it be clear they have lead he to prostitute he reputation as a serious historian for the sake of a bogus rehabilitation of Hitler , and the dissemination of virulent anti- semitic propaganda . gray stir at this point . gray yes , this be a question I have to ask you , Mr rampton . rampton by all mean , my Lord . gray my question be this : if somebody be anti-semitic , anti-semitic and extremist , he be perfectly capable of be honestly anti-semitic ? yes ? he be hold that view and express that view because they be indeed he view . rampton be throw , unsteady , bewilder by the question . rampton well , yes . gray and so it seem to I , if it come down to it , that the anti-semitism be a completely separate allegation which have precious little bear on you broad charge that he have manipulate the data ? rampton no , my Lord . no . the whole endeavour of the defence have be to prove that the two be connect . gray yes , but he might believe what he be say . that be the point . that be why it 's important . 129 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 100 . deborah look to julius , who look equally alarmed . for a moment , rampton be lose . rampton my Lord , if we know for a fact that Mr Irving be a anti-semite , and if we also know that there be no historical justification for holocaust denial , then surely it 's not a great stretch to see the two thing must be connect ? + HH HH gray yes , thank you . carry on . deborah turn again to julius , who be shaking he head . deborah what the fuck just happen ? julius look to rampton , for the first time fear in he eye . * int & ext . deborah 's house . day 129 the mutt run happily across the kitchen to be beside deborah , a towel round she neck , fresh from jogging as she vigorously throw cut lemon into a blender . the blender whir . she make a icy jug of lemonade . she take the * lemonade through to the pretty terrace where libby be * sit . libby well ? how be it ? deborah oh ... libby you have hardly say anything since * you get back . * deborah look at she , as if finally about to say . * deborah * I 'il tell you what happen at the end . we sum up . Irving sum up . libby and ? deborah * everyone keep say , this be all great , everything 's go to be fine . then suddenly this judge , this unbelievable englishman from masterpiece theatre - 130 131 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 101 . libby I like masterpiece theatre . deborah ok . at the last moment he look up * and say '' well maybe Irving actually believe it . he 's a anti- * semite and he believe it . you can not say someone 's lie if they say something they genuinely believe . '' * libby but that 's crazy . it 's mad . deborah nod as if to say ' yip . 's deborah and that 's when I think ' I have * be sucker . 's I have stare at this * judge for forty day . I think I * see wisdom , but maybe I be just * look at prejudice . he do not * understand anything . * libby what can you do ? deborah just wait . libby do not know what to say . deborah drink she lemonade . int . judge's chamber . day 130 gray put down he cup of tea at the table , pile with more document . he clear a space and take a clean sheet of paper . he write david irving versus penguin book and deborah E. lipstadt . judgement . ext . barbecue . deborah 's house . night 131 deborah be barbecue on a great Southern night , do * burger and chop . the old crowd , SAM , STORM , libby , all * relax with wine . behind , a convivial table be discuss * the Atlanta brave . * SAM so , deborah , be you go to be with we for long ? deborah I do not know . I have to go back at some point . full Blue script // December 4th 2015 102. SAM but when ? deborah oh you know . when the judge be ready . could be week , could be month . SAM and then you just get on a plane ? deborah when somebody phone . STORM and do they tell you the result in advance ? deborah no . but my lawyer get tell . STORM you be joke . they get tell ? and they can not tell you ? deborah shake she head . deborah they get the verdict twenty four hour in advance . 9 be , the day before . to the minute . to give they time to prepare a response . and what 's worse ... STORM there 's worse ? deborah Irving get it too . libby why ? deborah because he 's he own lawyer . so he 's allow it . and I be not . SAM how do you live with this nonsense ? they all laugh . deborah smile . deborah funny thing be , I miss it . SAM why ? why do you miss it ? 132 133 134 135 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 103. deborah oh . because I become part of a team . deborah be still . the other do not know how to react . she 's lose for a moment in she own thought . int . judge's chamber . night 132 gray reach for another file . he be work under a desk lamp . he refer back over several page , hold they with thumb and finger . then he continue hand - write . therefore it be clear from any dispassionate reading of the evidence ... int . classroom . emory . day 133 New student . Fresh face , fresh clothes . deborah stand , lean against she desk . the mutt , moody at she side . deborah when people say glibly '' oh if I would be in Germany then of course I would never have collaborate , I have have resist , '' then I just want to laugh . do you have any idea how difficult and dangerous it be ? stand up to the enemy be arduous and uncertain and exhaust . but they have to do it . it 's only with hindsight thing get call heroic . at the time you be just fearful . fearful how they be go to work out . int . judge's chamber . day 134 a clerk clear away the tea thing as gray finish write the frontispiece : in the high court of justice , queen bench division . then he name : the hon . mr. justice gray . he sit back , content , stack the papers . ext . wood . day 135 deborah be run through spring growth , the mutt extremely happy at she heel . a phone be audible from she pocket . she fumble for it . deborah deborah lipstadt . julius ( phone ) ah good , there you be . + HH HH HH HH HH 136 137 138 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 104 . deborah be that you , Anthony ? int . mishcon do reya . office . day 136 julius be sit , calm at he desk , LAURA opposite . julius just to say we have be tell to expect the verdict on Tuesday . deborah ( phone ) Tuesday ? be you sure ? julius do you know , I do not think they have have say it unless it be true ? ext . wood . day 137 deborah be rush in the opposite direction , much faster to get back home . the mutt be frantic to keep up . deborah I have be wonder if we could work some sort of code . when you have the verdict . like , I have call and say ' how 's the weather ? 's and you would say ' good 's meaning ... julius ( phone ) I get it . deborah or you say ' weather 's bad 's meaning ... julius ( phone ) only of course I would be disbarre . I would never be allow to practice law in England again . deborah good . so there would be a upside . int . athenaeum HOTEL . london . night 138 deborah be back in the very same room , look around - she case on the bed , half - unpack . a knock on the door . the very same bellboy , carry the very same gift of lily , as in scene 74 . neither of they say anything . then they both smile . the tv be on in the corner . a television historian be speak . 139 140 141 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 105 . historian this trial be send a chill through the community of 20th century historian . which historian be not think ' would my work really survive this kind of scrutiny 's ? show I one historian who have not break into a cold sweat at the think of undergo similar treatment . deborah frown , worried . int . mishcon do reya . lobby , stair & office . day 139 deborah be on a bench . she look at the clock on the wall . 8.57 be . 8.58 . 8.59 . interminable . it tick over to 9.00 . caption : april 11th , 2000 a assistant appear . assistant Mr julius be wait . deborah follow . they go up the stair , one by one , deborah behind . it 's like go to a execution . then into julius 's office . there be three people - libson , LAURA and julius all wait . in front of each of they , a large white document . julius deborah . deborah well ? ext . high court . day 140 pandemonium . Police barrier . onlooker , photographer and reporter . deborah push she way through with julius , both inscrutable . in response to the shout , they say nothing . they go inside . irving get out of a car . everyone shout at he for a quote , but he just smile . a egg fly through the air and land on he shoulder . he move on , take no notice . int . judge's chamber . day 141 gray sit , sip tea . there be a box of thick white document on he desk , but otherwise it be clear . the clerk knock at the door . gray nod . the clerk take the box away . 142 143 144 145 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 106 . int . courtroom . day 142 all the document and computer have go . irving come into the court , alone . irving go to take he usual place opposite rampton . meticulously he take off he egg-stain jacket . deborah watch , impassive . the clerk come out with copy of the verdict and the court usher distribute they to newsmen . they run out of the court , desperately turn to the last page . just the word verdict . then a blank . what the hell ? ext . high court . day 143 network reporter be all do version of : network reporter this massive 334 page document , which do not disclose the final verdict , be studiously even-handed , praise David Irving 's skill as a military historian , while at the same time draw attention to flaw in some of he reason . int . corridor & courtroom . day 144 gray sweep along the corridor , he determination apparent . he go into the pack court . court usher Court rise . he see irving on one side , forbe watson and deborah on the other . as the whole court bow , for the first time , deborah lower she head . julius smile at the gesture . then gray sit . gray I shall read my judgement . ext . high court . day 145 LAURA come out into the street . she light a cigarette and wander away from the scrum . she begin to shake . tear pour down she face . a passer - by ask she if she 's all right . LAURA yes . yes , really . really I be fine . 146 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 107 . int . high court . day 146 gray it appear to I that the correct and inevitable inference must be that the falsification of the historical record be deliberate and that Irving be motivate by a desire to present event ina manner consistent with he own ideological belief even if that involved distortion and manipulation of historical evidence . in the result therefore , the defence of justification succeed . the court find for the defence . a cry from the gallery of ' yes ! 's deborah be stunne for a moment . then she , too , air-punch . at once chaos break out . supporter stand up and clap . the t-shirt and tattooe Irving supporter look thunderstruck . the blonde woman mutter furiously with irving . everyone rush across to deborah to congratulate she , ' well do 's , and thumb - up , hug , julius look sheepish , rampton beam , LAURA return , nik and thomas slapping she back . libson / julius / LAURA congratulation ! deborah I can not believe it . libson it 's true . julius you have be brilliant . brilliant . deborah brilliant ? I have not do anything . julius well nor have i! English legal system . barrister / solicitor , remember ? you think it be hard for you . try be I ! julius hug deborah . LAURA and libson be stand beside they . julius ( cont 'd ) anyway , it 's not true . it be all you . you book hold up . in every aspect . in every detail . we may have defend it . but it be you book which win . +e * hf 147 148 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 108. julius stop , strong emotion show in he eye . they look across to rampton by himself in he robe . suddenly he look completely exhaust - a year and a half of work . irving be head over to he in he shirtsleeve . when he get there , he hold out he hand . irving well do . well do . rampton , refuse to take it , turn away , refuse eye contact . symbolically , julius put he polished shoe on the chair in front of he , and mime flick something away . irving , depart catch the gesture and look directly at julius . but julius be unwaver , finally look irving in the eye . and in the contest , it be irving who finally look down and turn away . int & ext . high court . day 147 pandemonium . deborah come out with the team and walk through the lobby . there be the sound of the network reporter : '' one of the most crush libel judgement in history . '' '' the judge call Mr Irving a anti-semite , a racist and a distorter of history . '' a cheer go up from the crowd . a barrage of photographer flash in she face . julius smile at the reporter . julius we win . we win big . it 's as if we write it ourselves . the reporter shout at deborah . reporter deborah ! deborah ! do you have anything to say ? how be you feel ? what 's you response to the verdict ? train to silence , deborah say nothing . but julius whisper in she ear . julius now you can speak . int . HOTEL ballroom . day 148 forbe watson be sit take a press conference . forbe watson we see this as a free speech issue . penguin defend d.h. lawrence , we defend salman rushdie . it be inconceivable we would not defend deborah lipstadt . full Blue script // December 4th 2015 109 . deborah appear beside he . there be applause as she sit . then , among flashbulb , question be call out at random . reporter 1 miss lipstadt , can I ask , do you have any regret about bring the case ? deborah I do not know how to say this often enough . I do not bring the case . Mr Irving do . there 's laughter . she hold up a thick white document . deborah ( cont 'd ) of course I be not sure he realise when he agree to a trial by a single judge , that it would mean a write judgement . this judgement 's go to stand against he forever . there be some flash , more question . deborah motor on through they , the flood - gate be open at last . deborah ( cont 'd ) now some people fear that the only effect of this trial will be to close down free speech . I do not accept that . I be not attack free speech . on the contrary . I have be defend it against someone who want to abuse it . people can be as sceptical as they like . what they can not be be dishonest . freedom of speech do not include freedom to get away with lie . not all opinion be equal . some thing do happen , just like we be tell they do . slavery happen . the black death happen . the world be round . the ice - cap be melting . elvis be dead . reporter 2 you have conduct yourself with dignity throughout the trial . deborah thank you . but I know what dignity mean . it mean I have shut up . I do not promise to shut up in future . 149 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 110 . reporter 3 you always say you refuse to debate with denier , but that 's exactly what this trial have be do . what will you do in the future ? deborah hold up the judgment . deborah this be the future . that 's the beauty of this verdict . the question have be settle once and for all . we will never need to speak to they again . reporter 1 if you could say something now to David Irving , what would you say ? deborah I would not speak to he . I would speak to the survivor . and to the murder . I have say ' you be remember . the voice of suffer be hear . 's she look straight toward vera stand at the back . vera begin to cry . reporter 4 how convinced be you that this trial be go to have a good outcome - for you ? deborah do you know , I believe before I come to London that a court of law be not a great place to investigate historical truth . but I underestimate the value of a team . of real teamwork . it turn out , it 's not a bad place as long as you have great lawyer . with great passion . and boy , do I have great lawyer . rampton be stand at the back , next to LAURA . at this word , he take off he glass and he eye water . int . HOTEL ballroom . day 149 the press conference be over . deborah , the conquer hero , be push she way through journalist to reach the back where rampton be smile with LAURA . laugh , deborah throw she arm round rampton . for she it 's spontaneous , for he , a touch awkward . behind he back she whisper in he ear . 150 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 111. deborah thank you . int . athenaeum HOTEL . night 150 deborah be on the bed with a large glass of wine , watch tv . beside , the bottle - 1995 pommard Les epenot - and a card propped up against it : to the author of our misfortune , with love . richard . newsnight be run on tv . jeremy paxman be with irving , in a silk waistcoat , still without he jacket . irving ( tv ) I think if you read the judgement closely , you will find there be all sort of thing there in my favour . paxman ( tv ) you be not seriously tell I that this be a judgement that support you ? irving ( tv ) plainly , I run ring round the defence . my only regret be that I do not use a mallet of sufficient calibre to ram my case into the thick skull of the judge . I have always be teach that whatever the result of the game it 's how you play it that count . I go over to congratulate Mr rampton and he turn he back on I . that hurt . and I think I have not be deal with ordinary English people here . this be people who have be operate in the pay of a foreign power . paxman ( tv ) what we all want to know , Mr Irving : on the basis of this judgement , will you stop deny the holocaust ? irving ( tv ) good Lord , no . the phone go . deborah pick it up and lower the tv volume . julius ( phone ) deborah ? deborah be that you Anthony ? 151 152 153 154 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 112. int . julius 's office . mishcon do reya . night 151 julius be watch the same interview on a tv in he office , light by a single angle - poise lamp . julius be you watch ? deborah ( phone ) can not tear myself away . irving on tv be hear say ' the fact that she do not even dare appear tell you everything you need to know about miss lipstadt . '' julius he seem to be say he win . int . athenaeum HOTEL . night 152 deborah yeah . he use to be a holocaust denier , now he 's a verdict denier . why do not we just turn he off ? irving ( tv ) I do not think she Brooklyn accent would have endear she to the court . 's deborah queen . she pick up the remote and do exactly that . the screen go to a spot , and blank . ext . BBC tv centre . wood lane . london . night 153 all smile and charm irving come out through the glass door , shaking hand with a couple of news staff . then he head off alone , he smile go . the doughnut - shape building gleam behind he . he set off walk down the rain -soak street , wiping the egg-stain off he shoulder as he go . ext . half moon STREET . night 154 a desert exit . pad out into the street come deborah , in she run clothes . she run out into a silent Piccadilly . she pass that same even Standard billboard . this time it say irving case verdict : he lied . she smile . eh hhh of % 155 156 157 158 159 160 full Blue script // December 4th 2015 113. ext & int . tube . night 155 vera come alone into a desert station . she go through the barrier and onto a escalator , away down into the underground and out of sight . the shot be hold for a moment . ext . piccadilly . night . 156 a milk -cart . a lone woman move silently along empty pavement . London glow slightly . deborah run away into the distance . int . rampton 's chamber . night 157 rampton pack up he book and papers . as he do , he see the small piece of barb wire on he desk . he pick it up and put it in he pocket . then turn out the light . int . laura' flat . night 158 LAURA get match from the stove . simon be sit already at the table . she light candle . he look up at she . Close on the candle flame . ext . embankment . night 159 for the third and last time deborah run up the statue of boadicea . she stop , hand on hip . this time she smile up at it , make a little victory sign and a small air-punch . ext . birkenau . auschwitz . night 160 birkenau empty , the ruin floodlit in the rain . the desert ground , the fence , the abandon track . ruin . the camera be still for a moment , then it track right into the wreckage . there be a hole in the rubble where there be a rectangular open . the camera move right in to the blackness of the hole . in the dark , a message : six month after the verdict , a scientific investigation at auschwitz found three of the four hole in the gas chamber roof