despicable I screenplay by cinco Paul & Ken daurio base on a Story by sergio pablos ext : egyptian desert - day fade in on a hot , sunny day in the egyptian desert . Sand dune as far as the eye can see . a goat herder and he herd of goat walk through frame . he look out , over the sand dune , and we see the great pyramid of giza . it 's a awe - inspiring sight . suddenly vroom ! a tacky tour bus enter the frame and race through the spot where the goat herder and he herd be just stand . goat herder whoa ! the goat herder be leave cough in the dust leave by the bus . ext : tour bus - same a bratty kid squash he face up against the window of the bus and lower he sunglass to get a better view . the bus screech to a halt . the bulk of the tourist pile out of the bus . then the last tourist family pile out , bratty kid lead the pack attach to a kid leash . tourist mom Justin ! egyptian guard stand behind a roped - off area that surround the pyramid of giza . the Tourist dad stand with the pyramid in the background , hold out he hand so it look like he 's hold it . tourist dad Quick honey , take my picture ! I get the pyramid in my hand ! the Tourist Mom snap a couple of picture , when through she viewfinder she see justin run off into the distance . tourist mom Justin you get back here , right now ! the bratty kid have crawle under the roped - off area . security guard # 1 no stop ! security guard # 1 no -- stop he ! do not cross the line ! no! security guard # 2 go back ! stop ! stop he ! the egyptian security guard run after he as he be run up some rickety look maintenance scaffold . security guard # 2 wait , wait , wait , wait ! hold on , easy little boy . the kid obliviously keep play with he little toy airplane . security guard # 1 okay , stop child ! stop right there ! no ! the kid turn back to look at the guard . he yell as he slip and fall off of the ridge , plummete headfirst toward the pyramid . security guard # 2 oh no , no , no , no , no ! -- oh ... there he go . Tourist Mom and dad gasp . then -- kooosh ! the kid hit the pyramid with he head -- and bounce off of it . whooosh ! the kid go fly over the guard . the tourist raise they camera and snap away . he head straight for he mother . she scream even louder . tourist mom justiiiiiin ! the mom look up in the sky , tracking the fly boy 's trajectory . tourist mom I have get he , I have get he ! splat ! the boy land right on top of he father . the pyramid deflate like a giant bounce house . ptfptfptfptfffffsssssss ! int : tv news report - night a newscaster report on the night 's biggest story . newscaster outrage in Egypt tonight as it be discover that the great pyramid of giza have be steal and replace by a giant inflatable replica . footage of egyptian police attempt to re-inflate the pyramid . newscaster there be panic throughout the globe as country and citizen try to protect they beloved landmark . we see footage of french police guard the eiffel tower , a huge line of chinese police guard the great wall of china and a redneck with a shotgun guard the world 's largest Beer can . newscaster Law enforcement still have no lead , leave everyone to wonder : which of the world 's villain be responsible for this heinous crime ? and where will he strike next ? ext : park - day gru walk through the park and see a child . the child be sad about a drop ice cream cone . he stop and make the child a balloon animal . he give the child the balloon animal ... and then promptly pop it . gru move the child aside and continue on he way . ext : starbucks gru walk down the street to he favorite coffee shop . int : starbucks gru enter . the line be a mile long . with a groan , gru pull out he freeze ray . he aim and ... zap ! gru freeze Ray , freeze Ray , freeze Ray ! gru laugh and walk to the head of the line past the freeze customer . he approach the terrify barista before daintily take a cup of coffee from she and plopping a coin into the tip jar . ext : CITY STREET Cars drive down a busy city street . first a subcompact ... then a suv ... then a enormous metallic beast of a car , with gru at the wheel . he sip he coffee . ext : gruss house —- morning in the middle of a typical suburban street sit a black , creepy - look house . gru pull he car into the driveway . ext : gruss house - morning gru walk down from he car toward the fence . mr . mcdade ( 0.s. ) ( laugh ) Morning , gru ! how you do ? gru hello , Fred . fyi -- you dog have be leave little bomb all over my yard , and I do not appreciate it . mr . mcdade ( laugh ) sorry . you know dog , they go wherever they wanna go . gru unless they be dead . just joke , of course . although it be true . anyway , have a good one ! mr . mcdade ah , okay . ah , yeah , hmm . int : grus lair - continuous gru walk into the live room carry he Starbucks and a muffin . he go to sit on the couch and see he dog kyle , a cross between a piranha and a pit-bull , snoring soundly while lie in the middle of the sofa . gru frown . gru use a foot to roll Kyle over . gru sit down to enjoy he coffee and muffin . he just turn on the tv when -- ding -dong ! gru grimace and get up from the table . he walk to the front door to see who it be . gru oh , you have get to be pull on my leg ! int : gruss lair - moment later gru arrive at the door , hold a club in he free hand . he hear a little girl 's voice on the other side . voice ( 0.s. ) hellooooce ? cookie for sale ! gru stop and look through he front door peephole , revealing -- margo , edith and agnes . Three little girl carry box of miss hattien cookies . agnes hold a ragged stuffed unicorn . she 's never without it . gru go away . I be not home . intercut with margo and the other girl on the doorstep . margo yes you be , I hear you . gru ( like a record message ) no , you do not ... this ... be a recording . margo no it be not . gru yes it be . watch this -- '' leave a message -- beep . '' ext : grus house - same edith kick the door . there 's a muffled '' ow '' from the other side of the door . the girl walk off . agnes wave . agnes Goodbye record message ! margo ( 0.s. ) agnes , come on ! int : grus lair - same gru walk back into the live room . Kyle be no where to be find ! he look around and suddenly -- chomp ! Kyle have devoure half of gru 's arm , along with he muffin . gru Kyle ! bad dog ! no , no , no ! sit ! my muffin ! he try to shake the dog off when suddenly the tv flash : '' incoming call . '' it be Dr. nefario on television . gru stop dead in he track , with Kyle attach to he arm . dr . nefario gru. gru ah , Dr. nefario . dr . nefario I know what you must be feel . I too have experience great disappointment . but in my eye , you will always be one of the great . gru what ? what happen ? dr . nefario it 's all over the news . some fella just steal a pyramid . they be say he make all other villain look ... lame . gru attempt to process this . be this it ? the end of he career ? be he run on top over ? gru somberly reply . gru assemble the minion . gru shake Kyle off he arm and run to he Rhino chair . then he press a button and immediately the room convert into a elevator . the cannon drop from the ceiling and turn into a pod that drop gru down a shaft . int : gruss underground lab - day gru ride a move platform down to he underground lab . he yell at a group of minion , one - eye creature that be work . gru minion assemble ! a minion who be about to hammer a nail be hold by a fellow minion stop in he track . he alert the other and we voyage downward into the lab , peek in on other room populate by minion . in one room , a group of minion be do a form of minion -aerobics . as we continue to pan through the lab , we stop on two minion who giggle as they watch the bubbles gurgle up in a water cooler . they imitate the bubbles . the minion stop what they be do and race down to hear what gru have to say . int : gruss underground lab - night all of gru 's minion be gather together for a big presentation . gru take the stage and they explode with cheer and applause and whistle . gru look good , Kevin ! gru walk on stage . gru how 's the family ? good ? alright . that 's my billy Boy ! what up , Larry ? the minion go even crazier , scream like girl during beatlemania . minion gruocooo ! gruoocococo !!! gru hello , everybody . alright ! gru try to get they to settle down . gru simmer down . simmer down ! a minion scream . gru thank you , okay . the minion quiet down . gru now I realize that you guy have probably hear about this other villain who steal the pyramid . apparently it 's a big deal -- people be call it the crime of the century and stuff like that . we cut back to the minion who take this in . gru but be I upset ? no ! I amnot . a little . but , we have have a pretty good year ourselves . and you guy be alright in my book ! a minion eagerly raise he hand . minion ooh ooh ooh ! gru no , no raise ! you be not go to get any raise . the minion frown . gru what do we do ? well , we steal the Times Square jumbo tron ! gru gesture to the time square jumbo tron . gru Nice , huh ? that 's how I roll ! yeah , you all like watch football on that , huh ?! the minion all cheer . gru but that 's not all ! we steal the statue of Liberty ! the minion cheer ! gru the small one from Las Vegas . and I will not even mention the eiffel Tower ! a minion wheel in a tiny eiffel Tower . gru --- also Vegas . gru okay , I be not go to tell you about this yet , but I have be work on something very big . something that will blow this pyramid thing out of the water ! and now , thanks to the effort of my good friend Dr. nefario ... gru gesture to dr . nefario , a ancient Dr. strangelove - like scientist , in the crowd . he come riding in on a motorize rascal cart . nefario thank you , thank you . gru oh yeah , there he be . he 's stylin’ . gru press a button on he remote . gru we have locate a shrink ray ina secret lab . and once we take this shrink ray , we will have the capability to pull off the true crime of the century ! we be go to steal ... the minion erupt into applause and cheer . gru wait ... wait ! I have not tell you what it be yet ! they quiet down . except for one minion who shoot off a small rocket . kaboom ! gru hey , Dave . listen up , please ! 10 Dave quickly calm down . a minion who be catch in the explosion walk up to Dave and punch he in the arm . gru next , we be go to steal -- pause for effect -- the moon ! gru press a button , which cause the podium to rise . when gru be at the top , the ceiling open revealing the moon . gru and once the moon be mine , the world will give I whatever I want to get it back ! and I will be the great villain of all time . that 's what I be talkin’ bout ! gru 's cell phone ring . it 's dr . nefario . gru yes . dr . nefario hello , gru . I have be crunching some number and I really do not see how we can afford this . it can not be do . I be not a miracle worker . gru hey ... chillax . i’11 just get another loan from the bank . they love I ! gru raise he arm triumphantly . the crowd go crazy . pan up to the moon , then dissolve to : ext : STREET - night the moon shine brightly in the sky . margo , edith , and agnes walk down the sidewalk , edith leaping from puddle to puddle . splash ! edith get water all over margo . margo oh , edith ! stop it ! edith what ? I be just walk . the three girl enter the orphanage . 11 int : miss hattie 's home for girl - same the reception area feature pink flowery wallpaper and pink furniture and perfectly stack display of box of miss hattie 's cookie . sitting at the reception desk be miss hattie . ding ! the girl enter the room and line up behind the yellow line before they call out to miss hattie . girl hi , miss hattie . we be back . miss hattie hello , girl . agnes ( hopeful ) anybody come to adopt we while we be out ? miss hattie hmmm , let I think . no . edith happily place a ball of mud on miss hattie 's desk . miss hattie stare , lose it . miss hattie edith ! what do you put on my desk ? edith ( proudly ) a mud-pie . miss hattie look edith right in the eye . miss hattie you be never go to get adopt edith . you know that , do not you ? miss hattie slide the mud-pie out of the way . edith ( resign ) yeah , I know . miss hattie good. ( change gear ) so how do it go , girl ? do we meet we quotas ? 12 margo um , sorta . we sell 43 minty mint , 30 choco swirly and 18 coconutty . miss hattie stare back at the girl . this clearly be not enough to she like . miss hattie okay , well , you say that like it 's a great sale day . ( lose it ) look at my face ! do you still think it 's a great sale day ??? ( get it back ) eighteen coconutty ... I think we can do a little better than that , do not you ? yeah , we would not want to spend the weekend in the box of shame , would we ? no . girl no , miss hattie . she clap send the girl off . miss hattie okay . good . off you go ! go clean something of mine . the girl pass by a cardboard box label '' box of shame '' with a small hole cut out of one side , through which the face of a small child can be make out . girl hi , penny . penny hi , guy . int : gruss car gru drive he enormous car down the street . his phone ring . gru hello mom . sorry , I mean to call , but ... int : dojo gruss mom be dress in a full karate costume . 13 grus mom I just want to congratulate you on steal the pyramid . that be you , be not it ? or be ita villain who 's actually successful ? the lady of 105 crack herself up . int : gruss car gru be not amused . gru just so you know mom , I be about to do something very very big . very important . when you hear about it you be go to be very proud . int : dojo gru 's mom be not sway . she sarcastically bait gru. grus mom hah . good luck with that . okay , I be outta here . with a swift kick , gru 's mom knock she trainer off screen . ext : CITY STREET - a little later gru pull up in front of a bank . there be a small space in between two car . smash ! he knock one out of the way . smash ! he demolish the other one . then calmly get out and walk inside . int : bank - continuous gru walk in past the receptionist and into the restroom carry he briefcase . int : bank of evil restroom - day gru enter the restroom . laser come out of gru 's urinal , read he eye . a secret door open and he enter into the Bank of evil . 14 int : bank of evil - continuous gru be now inside the secret underground Bank of evil ( formerly lehman Brothers ) , which finances all of the world 's villainy not already finance by a government . gru take a deep breath . he walk down a hallway feature a series of statue of a man be progressively crush by a pillar . he then walk to the loan desk and address the receptionist . gru gru to see Mr. Perkins . receptionist yes , please have a seat . gru take a seat on a red leather sofa . he unroll a piece of paper with he master plan on it . he stare at it . int : gruss childhood home - flashback little gru sit in front of the tv watch the Apollo landing . neil armstrong ( on tv ) it 's one small step for man ... one giant leap for mankind . little gru Mom , someday I be go to go to the moon ! gru 's Mom work on a needlepoint . grus mom I be afraid you be too late , son . NASA be not send the monkey anymore . Little gru frown . his dream crush . int : bank of evil - day gru put down the plan , revealing that sit across from he in a black leather chair be a nerdy villain in costume with glass , a prominent nose , slope shoulder , and a pot belly . his name be vector , and he be cocky way beyond any realistic assessment of he prowess . vector hey . 15 gru go back to he study he plan . vector come over and sit next to he . vector I be apply for a new villain loan . go by the name of '' vector . '' gru be irritate and slide down the couch . vector ( give gru a smile ) it 's a mathematical term . a quantity represent by a arrow with both direction and magnitude ! he point to the arrow / equation on he chest . gru attempt to ignore the guy . he have now move down to the end of the couch . vector slide down to sit right beside gru . vector vector . that 's I . Cause I be commit crime with both direction and magnitude . oh yeah ! gru continue to ignore the guy . but he will not stop . vector hold up a futuristic-looking gun with a piranha inside the barrel gasp for air . vector check out my new weapon . piranha gun ! oh yes ! fire live piranhas . ever see one before ? no you have not -- I invent it . you want a demonstration ? the piranha fall out of the barrel . vector oh...ah ... shoot . so difficult sometimes to get the piranha back inside my ... vector and the piranha tussle on the ground . vector pull the piranha off of he nose . gru be die . get I out of here . thankfully , the receptionist speak up . receptionist Mr. gru ? Mr. Perkins will see you now . 16 int : mr. perkin 's office - day gru sit across from mr . perkin , the bank 's unforgive loan manager , a monster of a man with devil 's horn - like hair . gru be surround by chart and model show how he 's go to steal the moon . gru --. so all I need be money from the bank to build a rocket , and then the moon ... be ours . mr . perkin wow . well , very nice presentation . I would like to see this shrink ray . gru squirm in he seat . gru absolutely . will do . soon as I have it . Mr. Perkins grimace , disappointed . mr . perkin you do not have it ? and yet you have the audacity to ask the bank for money . gru apparently . mr . perkin do you have any idea of the capital that this bank have invest in you , gru ? with far too few of you '' sinister plot '' actually turn a profit ? Perkins walk around the room . mr . perkin how can I put it ? Mr. Perkins pull a apple from he coat . mr. perkin let 's say this apple be you . if we do not start get we money back ... Mr. Perkins squeeze the apple and it explode . 17 mr . perkin get the picture ? gru gulp loudly . Mr. Perkins return to he seat . mr . perkin look , gru , the point be there be a lot of new villain out there . younger than you . hungrier than you . younger than you . like that young fellow out there name vector . he just steal the pyramid . gru react to this . that loser he just meet in the lobby steal the pyramid ? gru I have get it , I have get it . um , so ... as far as get money for the rocket . mr . perkin get the shrink ray . then we will talk . gru sigh , defeat . int : bank of evil - day a beat down gru leave Mr. Perkins 's office . he walk past vector , who be try to stick the piranha back in he gun . look around , then casually pull out he freeze Ray gun and freeze he head . vector move he eye to look at gru before he body hit the floor . the piranha jump into the air and on top of the now defenseless vector . he give out a scream as he be bitten . ext : shot of asia from space a satellite shot of a large land mass on Earth . a flash red square shrink down over a river run through the landscape . zoom in to a overhead view of a massive industrial complex locate on the island . ext : sky - day grus ship speed through the sky . 18 int : gruss ship - same gru sit at the control . a couple of minion be with he . int : secret lab - day a worker push a cover cart through the hall and into a lab . two other worker open a slide door which allow a elephant to walk into the room . ext : sky - day gru 's plane continue to fly through the air toward the lab . int : secret lab - same the worker be push the shrink ray , a futuristic -look weapon , down the hall . it now sit in the center of a large room , aim at the elephant on the other side of the room . int : secret lab - same the wall of the lab be line with flash light and monitor scrolling data . through a window , two korean scientist in white lab coat look in at the weapon . one of they flip a switch . the shrink Ray begin to hum . light begin to flash . the hum get louder as it charge up . int : control room - same the man look excited . they check they computer monitor . all system be go . the shrink Ray hum louder . it begin to glow . the scientist grab each other . this be it . fzzzzzcheeew ! a bolt of energy shoot out and hit the elephant across the room . shooom ! the huge animal suddenly shrink down to the size of a mouse . make a tiny high - pitch trumpet SOUND . the scientist look at the shrunken elephant ... then they notice what 's happen in the lab . 19 int : secret lab - same vzzhhhht ! a laser cut a large circle in the ceiling . wooooosh ! a minion ride down on a giant claw that grab the shrink Ray . the lab worker panic . ext : sky - same gru 's massive aircraft hover above the research facility with the claw 's arm lead from the belly of the ship . int : secret lab - same a minion riding the claw arm pluck the shrink Ray from its stand . the minion '' carefully '' try to ascend through the freshly cut hole . minion ( laugh ) sucker ! the minion bump he head , ow ! then try to exit again . minion sucker . the minion bump he head again , ow ! then finally exit . ext : sky - day the minion ride the arm up into gru 's plane . the plane take off into the sky . int : gruss ship - same gru sit at the control . a couple of minion be with he . gru aha , we get it ! the arm place the shrink Ray in a glass case . gru and another minion revel in they success . then -- vzzzzz2 zht ! a laser cut a hole in the ceiling right above the shrink Ray . woosh ! a giant claw enter gru 's ship . the claw grab the case with the shrink ray . gru and the minion stare , stunne . gru stare out the front window , see -- 20 gru what ? hey , hey ?! what ? no , no , no ! a larger ship hover above . it 's vector . the wannabe villain from the bank . he look down at gru . yell down to he . gru you ! vector ha -- now maybe you will think twice before you freeze someone 's head ! so long , gru ! vector blast off , laugh . gru and the minion watch he fly off . gru Quick ! we can not let he get away ! a chase ensue . minion wooo hooo ! gru up ahead , up ahead . Fire ! Fire it now . a minion fire a machine gun . all the bullet miss . vector oops you miss I . gru come to papa . the mother - lode of rocket pop out and fire from gru 's ship . vector easily avoid they all with heat decoy . vector take that . how adorable . gru carefully line up another shot at vector . gru get you in we sight . like take candy from a ... what ?! it 's vector . he 's stand on top of he ship and be aim the shrink ray directly at they . 21 vector ha ! hey gru , try this on for size ! zzztttt ! gru and the minion be in they ship as it start to shrink . gru that 's weird . what be go on ? the seat belt shrink so much that it break . gru this be claustrophobic . oh , no , no . the ship continue to get smaller and smaller . vector laugh and disappear into he ship . int : gruss ship gru too small . this be too small for I . gru and the minion be squeeze out the front of the cockpit like toothpaste . gru be hold on to the ship as the minion grab he leg . they be able to right the ship but struggle to keep they balance on top of the now tiny plane . tchoooooooom ! vector 's ship take off . gru ugh , I hate that guy . ext : miss hattie 's home for girl - night establish . int : girl 's room —- same there be three bed in a tiny room . the three girl kneel next to they say they prayer . margo .-.-- and please watch over we and bless that we will have a good night 's sleep ... 22 edith -..and bless that while we be sleep no bug will crawl into we ear and lay egg in we brain ... margo shoot edith a disapprove look . margo great . thanks for that image edith . agnes -.-- and please bless that someone will adopt we soon ... and that the mommy and daddy will be nice ... and have a pet unicorn . amen . margo and edith amen . the girl climb into they bed . margo turn out the light . agnes begin sing to she stuff unicorn . agnes unicorn , I love they unicorn , I love they uni , uni , unicorn , I love they . edith groans as she put she pillow over she head . agnes keep sing . agnes uni , unicorn , I could pet one if they be really real and they be ! so I buy one so I could pet it now it love I , now I love it La , la , la ... ext : vector 's fortress - day vector 's fortress be a massive marble building with a huge '' v " on the front . title card : vector 's fortress gru , in a rastafarian disguise , walk a artificial dog down the street . a security camera atop one of vector 's wall rotate and try to focus in on gru . gru leap back and pin he back to the wall . 23 int : vector 's lair a shark and a school of fish swim under the floor of the house . vector lounge on he couch play video game . ext : vector 's fortress - day gru then activate he puppy periscope to spy over vector 's wall . int : vector 's lair - same vector eat some snack . suddenly , a security alert sound . vector click a remote and see on he monitor gru 's puppy periscope peer over he wall . vector put down the video game controller , and pick up a large , intimidating remote . he push a button . ext : vector 's lair - same a large laser gun emerge from the dome atop vector 's lair , and fire ! gru 's puppy periscope be burnt to a crisp . int : vector 's lair - same he sip a soda while he continue to play he video game . ext : vector 's lair - montage in a quick series of beat , gru be stymy at every turn in he effort to get inside vector 's fortress . -- bam ! a mechanical box glove smashes he in the face . int : vector 's lair - same vector lie on he couch as he push button on he remote . ext : vector 's lair - montage -- gru pole vault into the wall and bam ! mechanical box glove repeatedly hit he in the groin . -- he use a jet pack to fly over the wall . 24 int : vector 's lair - night vector play the remote like a guitar . ext : vector 's lair - montage when whoosh ! a giant catapult fling he off the roof . -- gru aim a bazooka at the front gate . smash ! the gate slam down on he . --crunch ! a giant shark pop out of a manhole and bite down on he . -- bzzz ! giant saw slice through gru 's rope as he scale the wall . int : vector 's lair - night vector rub the keyboard on he butt . ext : vector 's lair - same finally , one million other weapon transform from the roof to combine one last forceful deterrent at gru -- gru ( horrify ) ohhhhh . a atomic bomb-like explosion . he 's do . ext : vector 's fortress - the next day gru , beat and burnt and bruise , emerge from a crater of rubble across from vector 's fortress , cough . then gru see the girl approach vector 's front gate . he laugh bitterly as security camera be activate and the girl ring vector 's buzzer . gru chuckle to himself . gru oh , good luck , little girl . gru put binocular up to he face and read margo 's clipboard : '' miss hattie 's delicious orphan cookie . '' the million gun emerge from vector 's dome , aim at the front door . edith whoa . cool . margo address the camera . margo uh , hi . we be orphan from miss hattie 's Home for Girls ... vector ( 0.s. ) I do not care . beat it . margo come on we be sell cookie so , you know , we can have a better future ! vector ( 0.s. ) oh wait wait ... um , do you have coconutty ? margo uh yeah . ext : vector' fortress - same there be a pause . then -- vhhrrrt . the gun retract gate open , allow the girl to enter . ext : STREET - fantasy gru can see the girl carry out the shrink Ray . ext : STREET - day back to reality . gru 's eye light up . gru Light bulb . he flip open a cell phone and dial . gru Dr. nefario ? dr . nefario huh ? 25 and the 26 gru I be go to need a dozen tiny remote control robot that look like cookie . nefario ( 0.s. ) what ? gru Cookie robot ! dr . nefario who be this ? gru Cookie , oh forget it . gru laugh with new find hope . int : miss hattie 's home for girl - day miss hattie sit at she desk across from someone . she 's check she computer screen . gru sit across from she wear a all white dentist 's outfit , complete with rubber glove and eye protection . he look like he 's about to fix a loose crown . miss hattie well , it appear you have clear we background check , Dr. gru. miss hattie type a few stroke . miss hattie oh , and I see you have make a list of some of you personal achievement . thank you for that ; I love read . int : gruss lab - continuous a minion think and then type random information into a computer . int : miss hattie 's home for girl - continuous miss hattie and I see that you have be give the medal of honor ... and a knighthood . 27 int : gruss lab - continuous the minion now take suggestion from other minion for enhancement to gru 's profile . int : miss hattie 's home for girl - continuous miss hattie you have you own ... cooking show and can hold you breath for 30 second . that 's not that impressive . int : gruss lab - continuous two minion be fight each other to type information into the computer . the rest of the minion gather around , egging they on . int : miss hattie 's home for girl - continuous miss hattie react to she screen go haywire . miss hattie what in the name of ... what ? gru well , here 's the dealio . thing have be so lonely since my wife ... Debbie pass on . gru start to get emotional . gru it 's like my heart be a tooth , and it 's get a cavity that can only be fill with child . I be sorry . gru try to hold back he emotion . gru see that this approach be not work , so he change he tactic . gru you be a beautiful woman . do you speak Spanish ? miss hattie do I look like I speak Spanish ? gru you have a face como un burro . 28 miss hattie giggle . miss hattie oh , well , thank you . gru anyway , can we proceed with this adoption ? so , so excited . miss hattie push a button on she intercom . miss hattie please tell margo , edith and agnes to come to the lobby . int : girl 's bedroom - moment later close on the scream mouth of edith and agnes . edith & agnes aaaaiiiiggghhhh ! the girl burst into they tiny room scream . they furiously put thing in they little suitcase . margo remove a poster of a ballerina from the wall . edith pack she stick collection . margo I bet the momma 's beautiful ! edith I bet the daddy 's eye sparkle . agnes I bet they house be make of gummy bear ! the other two give agnes a look . agnes I be just say it have be nice . agnes look at something sit in a empty dresser drawer . agnes aww . my caterpillar never turn into a butterfly . edith ( look at it ) that 's a cheeto . 29 agnes oh . she stare at it . then pop it in she mouth . int : miss hattie 's home for girl - same gru and miss hattie be in the middle of a conversation . miss hattie oh , well Debbie be a very lucky woman . gru who 's Debbie ? miss hattie you wife ! oh , hi girl . the girl enter the office , suitcase in hand . miss hattie Girls , I want you to meet Mr. gru . he 's go to adopt you . and he 's a dentist ! gru stand and turn to they . the girl stare at he . he could not be further from they ideal image of adoptive parent . agnes run to gru , wrapping herself around he leg . edith turn to walk away . margo uh , hi. I be margo . this be edith . margo point to agnes . margo that 's agnes . gru attempt a smile . shake he leg , try to get agnes off . agnes I get you leg , I get you leg . gru okay , that 's enough , little girl . let go of my leg . come on . you can do it . just release the grip . wow ! 30 agnes Higher ! Higher ! ( laugh ) gru ( to miss hattie ) how do you remove they ? be there a command ? some non-stick spray ? crowbar ? okay , girl : let 's go ! gru shuffles out with agnes still attach . ext : miss hattie 's home for girl - day gru 's car pull away from the orphanage . the flame from he exhaust cause a little kid 's balloon to pop . he cry . gru flip on the turbo and rocket down the street . int : vector 's bathroom - night a bottle of mouthwash sit in a cup near a bathroom sink . vector pretty impressive . what be you look at ? boo-yah ! vzzzhtt ! suddenly , shrink ray wave hit they and the bottle shrink . vector you get shrink , tiny mouthwash ! vector blast the sink . vector take that . vector laugh . vector you do be shrink ! then he cell phone ring . he jump , aim the shrink ray . then realize it 's he phone and answer it . vector yello ? oh , I get the shrink ray , all right . no , I be not play with it . gru ? do not make I laugh . no. ( more ) 31 vector ( cont 'd ) ps , he be not get the moon and pps , by the time I be do with he , he 's gonna be begging for mercy ! vector fire the shrink Ray at he toilet , shrink it . vector ( abruptly change tone ) okay , bye . he hang up the phone . then turn to the tiny toilet . frown , uncomfortable . vector aw , look at you ; a little tiny toilet for a little tiny baby to -- suddenly the pipe burst , spraying water everywhere ! vector ahh ! curse you tiny toilet ! ext : gruss lair - day gru and the girl get out of the car and walk to he front door . gru okay . here we be : Home sweet home . the girl look around . the large black house be very intimidating . they huddle close together . margo then recognize the place . margo so this be , like , you house ? wait a second . you be the guy who pretend he be a record message . gru no , that be someone else . margo furrow she brow , not convinced . gru open the door , and they enter . int : gruss lair - continuous the girl look around , take in the scary look interior . image of demon and gothic evil be everywhere . agnes turn to gru , nervous . 32 agnes can I hold you hand ? gru ahhh no . they go deeper into the lair . edith pull margo aside . edith when we get adopt by a bald guy , I think this would be more like Annie . just then Kyle come around the corner , he eye lighting up as he see the girl . he lick he chop and be about to chomp down on agnes with a slobbery mouth full of tooth when gru stop he with a roll - up newspaper . gru no hey ...! gru jump behind the girl . gru Kyle . this be not treat . this be guest . ( to the girl ) Girls , this be Kyle , my ... dog . agnes oooh , fluffy doggie ! Kyle run off scared . agnes aww . margo turn to gru , accusingly . margo what kind of dog be that ? gru he 's ahhh ... I do not know . margo do you really think this be a appropriate place for little kid ? Cause , uh , its not . gru shrug , surround by all the inappropriate thing in he house . he turn and see a curious edith check out a open iron maiden . 33 gru no , no ! stay away from there ! it 's fragile ! SNAP ! the spike door snap shut with she inside . red liquid start spilling out onto the floor . gru stare at it . margo and agnes gasp . gru well , I suppose the plan will work with two . edith ( 0.s . ) hey ! it 's dark in here ! gru open up the iron maiden , revealing edith stand there completely unharme . so small she fit between the spike . she hold up something . edith it poke a hole in my juice box . Red punch drip out of the juice box . edith spit out the straw . int : kitchen - day gru stand in front of the girl . gru as you can see , I have provide everything a child might need . gru point to a dog dish filled with candy , a dog dish filled with water and newspaper spread out on the floor . the girl stare . gru now I have get -- hey ! edith have smashed a vase of toxic chemical , which be now sizzling on the tile floor . edith somebody break that . gru okay , okay , clearly we need to set some rule . rule number one : you will not touch anything . margo what about the floor ? 34 gru ( irritate ) yes , you may touch the floor . margo what about the air ? gru ( more irritate ) yes , you may touch the air . edith what about this ? edith hold a dangerous look ray gun . gru ahhhhh ! where do you get that ? gru shield himself with a fry pan . edith ( shrug ) found it . gru grab the gun from she , then continue . gru okay , rule number two : you will not bother I while I be work . rule number three : you will not cry or whine or laugh or giggle or sneeze or burp or fart . so no , no , no annoying sound . alright ? agnes do this count as annoying ? agnes open she mouth and drum on she cheek . gru very. ( reach for the door ) I will see you in six hour . gru slam the door . the girl stand there in silence . margo see the somber face on the other girl and try to cheer they ( and herself ) up . margo okay do not worry , everything 's go to be fine . we be go to be really happy here . right , agnes ? 35 agnes be on all four eat candy out of the dish like a dog . she look up . agnes mmmmm ? int : gruss lab - day minion be walk on the catwalk throughout the lab on they daily duty . gru stare at a bunch of miniature robot stand on a table . Dr. nefario stand proudly next to they . pushes a button . " boogie fever '' by the sylver begin play , and the little robot start to disco dance to the music . a minion hop in and also dance . gru uh , question . what be this ? Dr. nefario dance to the beat , too . dr . nefario a dozen boogie robot . boogieee ! ha -- look at this ! watch I . gru grab the remote from nefario , and push the stop button . gru Cookie robot ! I say cookie robot ! why -- be you so old ? DR. nefario okay I be on it . int : live room - same there 's a muffle voice from behind the kitchen door . the door open , revealing the girl ... a little nervous . agnes find the tv remote perch high on gru 's end table . agnes tv! just then , Kyle sneak up behind she ... drool and lick he lip . he pounce ! 84 36 but not before agnes step on a button , activate the elevator mechanism . Kyle get catch up in the machinery and get smashed when the canon come down . the girl collect around the secret entrance . margo what be that ? edith whoa , that be cool . come on ! the girl descend in the elevator , open-mouthed . agnes I do not think he 's a dentist . Kyle lie on the floor daze . int : gruss lab - safe room - night a minion take a sip of purple liquid from a beaker . suddenly he start to float ! dr . nefario we have be work on this for a while . it 's a anti-gravity serum . at first its great ... but then foof ! the minion float all the way out of a skylight and disappear . dr . nefario I mean to close that . he will be alright , I be sure . we pan down to gru and nefario . gru do the effect wear off ? dr . nefario uh , so far ...no . no they do not . we pan back up to reveal dozen of minion hover near the ceiling . dr . nefario and here of course be the new weapon you order . 37 nefario pull out a impressive look ray gun . he pull the trigger . tbpbbbppgghghh ! a loud fart come out of the gun . the test minion pass out . gru no , no , no . I say dart gun . not ...ok . dr . nefario oh , yes . because I be wonder , under what circumstance would we use this , but anyway -- Dr. nefario and gru look down on the tiny robotic cookie as they scamper across a table . gru smile . dr . nefario -- what I really want to show you be this . gru now that be cookie robot ! suddenly a toy unicorn appear from behind the table . a tiny hand make it hop along . agnes La , la , la ... I love unicorn . I love unicorn . if they be real I could pet one . gru grit he tooth as he see the girl emerge from behind the table . gru what be you do here ? I tell you to stay in the kitchen ! margo we get bored . what be this place ? gru er ... edith be examine Dr. nefario 's collection of test tube fill with mysterious liquid . hold up one . edith can I drink this ? dr . nefario do you want to explode ? 38 Dr. nefario grab the test tube . edith kick nefario as hard as she can in he shin . dr . nefario ahhh ! gru ! gru turn to the girl . gru get back in the kitchen ! agnes will you play with we ? gru no . agnes why ? gru because , I be busy . margo do what ? gru um...ok , ok , you get I . the dentist thing be more of a hobby . in real life , I ama spy , and it be top secret and you may not tell anybody because if you do ... edith what do this do ? edith push a button . a laser shoot out , move around the room . vzzhhhhttt ! it connect with agnes 's stuff unicorn which instantly turn it to ash . agnes gasp . edith whoops . agnes my unicorn ! you have to fix it ! gru fix it ? look , it have be disintegrated ! by definition , it can not be fix . 39 agnes now take a deep breath and hold it . gru turn to margo . gru that 's freaking I out . what be she do ? margo she 's go to hold she breath until she get a new one . gru turn to agnes , frustrated . gru it 's just a toy . now stop it ! agnes be start to turn blue -- and then she pass out . gru ok ! ok ! i’1l fix it ! gru panic and call off-screen . gru Tim , Mark , phil ! the three minion slide down three individual pneumatic tube . margo and edith stare at they , mouth open . what the heck ? gru bend down to address the minion . gru this be very important ! you have to get the little girl a new unicorn toy ! the minion confer with each other . they look unsure as to what a toy be . gru hey hey hey ! a toy ! go! and hurry . the three minion turn and take off . margo what be that ? gru they be my ... cousin . Jerry , Stuart ! two more minion appear . gru point to the girl . 40 gru watch they and keep they away from I please . they nod . ext : STREET — day Dave and the other two minion drive a little car down the street disguise as dad , mom , and child . a little girl wave to they as they drive by . ext : mall mart - continuous they pull into a handicapped parking space . int : mall mart - day the minion walk into the store amaze . it be fill with amazing stuff . the baby minion shake up a 2 liter bottle of soda . he fill with the bubbly liquid and begin to expand . too much ! the bottle pop out of he mouth and fly across the store ... and return like a boomerang , crash into the baby minion ! another minion hop up on a large vibrate recliner . the baby minion fly across the screen in the background . the mom minion catch a glimpse of herself in a bank of tv monitor . she notice the karaoke machine and get a idea . finally all the minion converge at the karaoke and engage in a rouse rendition of copacabana . int : gruss lair - evening toilet paper be cover everything . the three girl and the two minion celebrate . and then gru come stomping into the room . edith point to the minion . edith it be you cousin 's idea . minion whaaaa ?! 4l gru okay , bedtime ! margo , edith , agnes awwwwwwwwww . jerry & stuart awwwwww . gru ( to Jerry and Stuart ) not you two ! jerry & stuart yay ! int : girl 's room - night gru and the girl enter the room . the girl stare at they bed : nuclear warhead casing which have be turn into bunk bed . plop -plop -plop . gru drop they inside , anxious to get they to sleep . gru okay -dokey , beddy - bye . all tuck in . sweet dream . margo 's the last one he put in bed . margo just so you know , you be never gonna be my dad . gru I think I can live with that . margo react to gru 's response - - not what she be expect . edith be this bed make out of bomb ? gru yes , but they be very old and highly unlikely to blow up . but try not to toss and turn . edith admire the bomb bed . edith cool . agnes hold up a book . 42 agnes will you read we a bedtime story ? gru no . agnes but we can not go to sleep without a bedtime story . gru well then it 's go to be a long night for you , be not it ? gru begin to leave the girl 's room . gru so good night , sleep tight , do not let the bed bug bite . because ... there be literally thousand of they . ( beat , then whisper ) oh , and there 's probably something in you closet . he turn out the light and close the door . the girl hear the scary noise through the door . agnes be clearly a little nervous , and hide under the cover . margo he 's just kid , agnes . suddenly the door open . it 's the three minion , still in they disguise . the one dress as a baby approach agnes . agnes cover she face in fear . the baby minion give agnes the toilet brush that have now be dress as a unicorn . agnes it 's beautiful . she give he a kiss . the minion blushes and run out of the room , follow by the other two minion . agnes hold the toilet brush tight and close she eye . ext : gruss house —- morning gru look in through the open front door . 43 gru Girls ! let 's go ! time to deliver the cookie ! the girl come through the front door wear ballet tutus . margo okay , but first we be go to go to dance class . gru actually , we be go to have to skip the dance class today . margo actually , we can not skip the dance class today . we have a big recital come up . we be do a excerpt from swan Lake . agnes yeah , swan Lake . gru that 's fantastic , wonderful . but we be go to deliver cookie . ( head for the vehicle ) come on . margo give the other two girl a look . margo no. gru ( a bit shocked ) no ? margo we be not go to deliver cookie until we do dance class . gru well , I be not drive you to dance class , so if you want to go you be go to have to walk yourselves . the girl start walk . gru what be you do ? without even look back , margo call out . 44 margo walk to dance class . gru yeah ...ok , fine . you just keep walk because I be really not drive you . margo ( 0.s. ) okay ! gru be start to lose it . gru you be go to suffer the wrath of gru ! seriously I be go to count to three , and you have better be in this car ! the girl keep walk . gru here we go ! one ...two ...! int : dance studio - same we smash cut onto gru just as the dance teacher speak . dance teacher Three ... and four ... and five and lift ... and stretch . gru be directly in the center of a long row of mom , hold all of the girl 's thing . we pull out on a long row of mom in the wait room . and there be gru in the middle of it all , hold all of the girl 's girly stuff : doll , clothes , etc . he 's in hell . agnes run up to he hold out a ticket . agnes here you go . gru what be this ? agnes you ticket to the dance recital . you be come , right ? 45 gru ( completely insincere ) of course , of course . I have pin and needle that I be sit on . agnes pinkie promise ? agnes hold out a pinkie . gru stare at it . notice the other girl be watch . will do whatever it take to get this cookie deliver . reluctantly hold out he pinkie . gru oh yes , my pinkie promise . agnes ah ! they pinkie promise . all of the mom sit next to gru bat they eyelash , completely take by gru 's parent . ext : vector 's fortress - day gru 's surveillance van be park down the street from vector 's place . int : gru 's van - same gru address the girl , who be dress in they uniform , and stand next to the wagon stack with cookie box . gru alright , we first customer be a man name vector . margo look at she order form . margo but he 's a '' V " '' . you know , we be suppose to start with the a 's , then we go to the B 's , then we go to the -- gru yes , yes , I go to kindergarten , I know how the alphabet work ! ( catch himself ) I , I be just think that it might be nice to deliver Mr. vector 's first , that be all . the girl nod . 46 ext : vector 's fortress - moment later bam ! the van door slam shut , and margo , edith and agnes make they way down the sidewalk toward vector 's place . gru it 's almost over ... it 's almost over . int : gru 's van - same gru watch the girl on the video screen . they enter the gate and enter the house . int : vector 's fortress - same vector greet they at the door . vector ah girl , welcome back to the fortress of vectortude . ( laugh ) do you have my cookie for I ? the girl bring they wagon into vector 's place . gru be type on a keyboard . cookiebot Microsoft software begin to run on gru 's computer . margo consult she order form as the other two girl put vector 's box of cookie on the counter . include the coconutty box with the robotic cookie in it . margo four box of minty mint , two toffee tote , two caramel clumpy and fifteen box of coconutty . vector exactly . I would like to see somebody else order that many cookie . vector throw he head back in a cocky swagger . vector not likely ! name one person who order more cookie than I . margo glare back at vector . margo that will be 52 dollar . 47 vector right . the side of the coconutty box on vector 's counter flip open , and twelve robotic cookies scamper out . they quickly run a scan and locate the device . int : gruss van - same gru sit in the back of the van , look at a tv monitor , control the robotic cookie . int : vector 's fortress - same vector pull out cash from he fanny pack . vector ... seven , eight , nine , oh tic tacs . the robotic cookie leap off of the counter and run down the hall . int : vector 's fortress - same vector finish count he money . agnes stare at he outfit . vector ... eight , nine ... agnes why be you wear you pajamas ? vector this be not pajamas . this be a warm - up suit . int : vector 's fortress - vault the cookie robot form a ladder to reach the security panel beside the vault . the robot shut down vector 's security system . the vault door be slowly open revealing -- the shrink Ray . int : vector 's fortress - same edith what be you warming up for ? 48 vector stuff . agnes what sort of stuff ? vector Super cool stuff you would not understand . agnes like sleep ? vector they be not pajamas ! int : vector 's fortress - vault the cookie robot run into the vault and onto the far wall . they quickly burn a hole in the wall the size of the shrink ray . gru and two minion quickly jump in the vault make karate sound . int : vector 's fortress - same vector finally find the money . vector ah ! here you go . fifty - two big one . vector hand margo the money . int : vector' fortress - vault gru and the minion struggle to lift the heavy shrink - ray case . while this be happen , the cookie robot seal up the hole in the vault trapping gru and the minion . one of the minion shriek in panic . ext : vector' fortress vector bye ! the girl leave he yard and head for the gate . vector finally take a bite of the cookie . the cookie make a funny noise and he have a hard time chew it -- it 's a robot . 112 49 int : vector' fortress - AIR duct gru and the minion struggle to get the heavy shrink Ray into a air duct . one minion grab the other minion and shake he till he glow -- like a glow-stick , it illuminate the darken vent . they race through the air duct carry the shrink ray . int : vector 's fortress - AIR vent they continue on run through the vent until they see a way out . gru be carry the shrink ray and a minion . whoomp ! gru fall through a weak spot in the floor . int : vector' fortress - live room gru dangle precariously above vector , who be mindlessly watch tv . below gru be vector 's pet shark which swim freely through he fortress ( under he very chic glass floor ) . the shark notice the tender morsel that be gru hang by a thread . he be straining to hold the shrink ray . the shark lunge strike the glass floor . vector what the ...? quiet down , fish . the shark continue to hit the glass floor . vector down , boy . thump ! a huge lunge knock gru and he minion from the ceiling , but it also knock vector off he couch , lodging he head into he bucket of snack . gru take this opportunity to make a break for it . vector look around , not sure what just happen . ext : vector 's fortress gru come run out , wave he pants around in he arm . gru ( laugh ) we do it ! c’mon girl , let 's go . a split second later the minion come run out and smack into the side of gru 's car . 50 int : gruss car - day gru and the girl drive home . gru be feel very good . margo but what about the other people who order cookie ? gru life be full of disappointment . for some people . agnes see something out the window . she point . agnes aaaiighhh ! the vehicle swerve as gru try to figure out what be wrong . gru do not do that . out the window be the most fun amusement park ever ! the girl stare out the window at it , instantly excited . agnes Super silly fun land ! can we go ? please ? gru no . edith but we have never be ! and it 's the funnest place on earth ! gru do not care . girl please ? we all never ask for anything else ever again ! please ??? gru think to himself ... mindflash : gru be stand at the base of a huge rocket - power rollercoaster frame . the girl be in the first cart . he pull a lever and the girl shoot off into the distance . end mindflash . 51 gru snap back to reality , he plan cement . gru liiiight bulb . ext : super silly fun land - day gru stand at the turnstile . he laugh as he check out the exit to the park . gru and the girl be in Super silly fun land . the girl get into a rollercoaster car . edith come on . gru Goodbye have fun . gru head towards the exit . the park worker turn to gru. park worker uh , sorry dude -- they can not ride without a adult . gru stare at the park worker . gru what ? ugh. ext : rollercoaster - later close on gru 's face . pull back to reveal that he be on the rollercoaster as it slowly go up a incredibly steep incline . his knee stick out of the tiny car . then suddenly the car plummet down . the girl scream , have the time of they life . gru scream , not have the time of he . ext : rollercoaster - later the rollercoaster go through several loop and corkscrews in a row . the girl be loving it . gru be get whipped around mercilessly . 52 ext : super silly fun land - day several hour of rollercoaster riding later , the girl and a beat and batter gru leave the ride , pass by a photo of they on a video screen - - the girl have the time of they life . gru about to throw up , frown . suddenly agnes see something off-screen and point . agnes ( 0.s. ) oh my gosh look at that fluffy unicorn ! a fluffy unicorn be the main prize at the shoot gallery . agnes he 's so fluffy I be gonna die !!! margo you gotta let we play for it . gru no , no , no . agnes come on ! gru sigh and address the slimy vendor . gru how much for the fluffy unicorn ? vendor ( chuckle ) well ... it be not for sale . but all you gotta do to win it be knock down that little spaceship there . the vendor point to the smallest of the spaceship target . vendor it 's easy ! gru nod . he slap a dollar bill on the table . the vendor slurp on he drink , and press a button that open the curtain and ready the cork gun . agnes yay ! they take aim and open fire ! pop ! pop ! pop ! they all miss . 53 agnes again ! margo wait ! edith ah come on . one more time . agnes just one more ! I accidentally close my eye ! gru slap down another bill . pop ! pop ! pop ! this time agnes 's cork hit the target . agnes I hit it , I hit it ! do you see that ? I hit it ! the video sign above the game read : '' you lose . '' gru react . edith awww . gru whoa , whoa , whoa ... what be that ? she hit that ! I see that with my own eye ! the vendor give gru a smarmy smile . he flip through a stack of dollar bill . vendor hey , buddy . let I explain something to you . the vendor point to the back of the range . vendor ya see that little tin spaceship ? you see how it 's not knock over ? do you know what that mean , professor ? the vendor lean over the counter and get right in gru 's face . vendor it mean you don ’t get the unicorn ! someone 's get a frowny face . better luck next time ! 54 gru stare at the vendor , he blood beginning to boil . he remain calm and smile at the vendor . gru okay , my turn . gru calmly reach into he coat and pull out a small gun that transform into a enormous ray gun . blam ! a bright blue ray blast connect with the back of the shoot range , leave no sign of the target just a giant gape hole . gru turn to the vendor . gru knocked over . the vendor tremble , silence . gru pocket he weapon and grab the unicorn . he hand it to agnes . margo and edith cheer and agnes hug the animal tightly . agnes it 's so fluffy ! margo that be awesome ! edith you blow up the whole thing ! agnes let 's go destroy another game ! and then it happen : actually connect with the girl and enjoy be with they , gru allow a small smile to creep across he face . int : gruss lair - night gru and the girl return to the lair later that night , laugh and share in the excitement of the day . gru 's arm be full of goody and souvenir from Super silly fun land . gru and the girl 's face be paint . gru hear a throat clearing . they all turn and see Dr. nefario wait for they . he stare at gru who turn to the girl . dr . nefario gru , do you mind if I have a quick word ? 55 gru okay , girl , go play . the girl run off with they goody . gru turn back to Dr. nefario . attempt a smile . gru I get the shrink Ray . ( hold out a treat ) cotton candy ? dr . nefario we have twelve day until the moon be in optimum position . we can not afford any distraction . gru nod . gru get I Perkins . int : conference room - night two minion carry a presentation stand to gru . a large screen tv turn on revealing Perkins at he desk . gru sorry to bother you Mr. Perkins , but I figure that you would want to see this . mr . perkin what ? gru aim the shrink Ray at a minion on he sofa and fire it . the minion shrink to a tiny size . another minion come up from behind the couch and flick the shrunken minion through the air . gru catch the scream minion midair and squeeze it like a squeaky toy . Mr. Perkins look surprised . mr . perkin well do , gru. Rather impressive . gru smile . everything 's go he way . he reach for a set of slick art card on a easel . gru now the rest of the plan be simple . ( first card ) ( more ) 56 gru ( cont 'd ) I fly to the moon . ( second card ) I shrink the moon . ( third card ) I grab the moon . ( fourth card ) I sit on the toilet . what ? the fourth card be a child 's draw of gru sit on the toilet . it be crudely sign edith . he shoot a angry look off to the side , then turn back to the camera . gru sorry , sorry , would you excuse I for just one second ? gru smile then slip out of frame . Mr. Perkins furrow he brow . gru storm over to the giggle girl , who stand in the doorway . he whisper - yell . gru I tell you not to touch my thing . I tell you , I tell you , I tell you a thousand time ! margo ( not really pay attention ) can we order pizza ? gru pizza ? you just have lunch ! edith not now -- for dinner . gru ( gritting he tooth ) dinner ?! just fine , fine , fine , whatever ! just get back in there . margo can we get stuff crust ? edith and agnes and minion ( with wonderment ) ooooh , stuff crust ! gru do he best to keep it together . gru I ’‘1l stuff you all in the crust ! 57 agnes ( giggle ) you be funny . gru just do not come out of that room again ! gru shove they back out of the room , shut the door and rush back to the podium . gru race back to the video monitor and smile . gru alright , sorry about that . where be we ? mr . perkin ( irritate ) you be sit on the toilet . gru no , no , no ! no , I be sorry . that be a little attempt at humor . I know how much you like to laugh ... ( off Perkins 's grim face ) ... inside . now I be say -- suddenly a sound come from offscreen . gru glance over to the door . it 's open again . where be they ? mr . perkin you do not seem terribly focus , gru . gru believe I , I be completely focus . I - - just then , the girl 's face pop up in the tv 's frame . edith hello ? woah ! that guy be huge ! agnes be we on tv ? mr . perkin what be that ? Children ?! gru rush after the girl . shout in hushed tone . gru ( to girl ) what be you do ?? I tell you to stay out of here ! mr . perkin gru! stop ... the girl enter with a freeze ray and zap gru ! gru no , no ... edith freeze ray . mr . perkin Mr. gru , gru yeehaha , ho ! gru be freeze in a block of ice . he grunt as he waddle back to Mr. Perkins . gru as I be say ... mr . perkin no need to continue . I have see quite enough . gru but my plan be -- mr . perkin be a great plan . I love everything about you plan . except for one thing : you . gru be stung by this . we zoom into he face . ext : backyard - flashback Little gru approach he mom , who be water she flower . he hold out a picture . little gru look , Mom ! I draw a picture of I landing on the moon ! she look at it . unimpress . 59 grus mom eh. Little gru then produce a scale model of the rocket in the picture . little gru look mom ! I make a prototype of the rocket out of macaroni ! she look at it . still unimpress . grus mom eh. Little gru then point to a actual rocket he 's build in he backyard . little gru look mom ! I make a real rocket base on the macaroni prototype ! he press a button and the rocket take off into the sky . gru 's Mom watch it go . grus mom eh. Little gru be crush . end flashback . int .- conference room he fall back break the block of ice that have encase he . he get up and stare at Mr. Perkins , confuse . gru I ... do not understand . mr . perkin let 's face reality , gru . you have be at this for far too long , with far too little success . we be gonna put we faith , we money , into a ... well , a young villain . gru but , I ... Mr. Perkins smirk . 60 mr . perkin it 's over . Goodbye , gru. he hold a apple in he hand and crush it . the screen go black . gru just stand there . int : gruss underground lab - night gru walk into the lab . several minion be play ping - pong while other surround Dr. nefario . gru now I know there have be some rumor go around that the bank be no longer funding we . well , I be here to put that rumor to rest . they be true . the crowd react . oh no . it 's at this point we reveal margo , edith and agnes watch from just outside the door . they exchange look and then run off . gru in term of money ... we have no money . so how will we get to the moon ? the answer be clear ... we will not . gru drop defeat into a empty chair . the crowd be even more depressed . gru we be doom . now would probably be a good time to look for other employment option . I know , I have fire up my resume , as I suggest that all of you do as well . the crowd sag even more . gru stare back at everyone , feel horrible . then he feel a tug on he jacket . gru look down and see margo , edith and agnes . he frown . gru what be it ? can not you see I be in the middle of a pep talk ? agnes produce a piggy bank . gru stare at it . he take the piggy bank , shake it and it rattles . he open it and several coin fall out onto he hand . he stare at they . then look at the girl . feeling thing he 's probably never feel before . 61 then one by one the minion produce they own treasure possession : wallet , mount fish , wad of money , a royal crown . the minion pile up whatever they have get in front of gru . the girl smile . gru look at all of they with they contribution . a smile creep across he face as he get a idea . gru yes . yes ! we will build we own rocket ! use this and whatever else we can find ! grab everything ! hit the junkyard ! take apart the car ! who need the bank !? the crowd , include the girl , cheer . gru smile . montage music kick in . int : gruss lab - night the rocket be in its very beginning stage . just a engine , and a frame . they be lowering a recliner into the cockpit as gru and Dr. nefario watch on . a minion who be napping on the recliner be knock off and fall . int : gruss lair - day margo , edith and agnes practice ballet in they tutus . a couple of minion watch , curious . one of they attempt one of the ballet move . the other one punch he . int : gruss lab - day Dr. nefario and gru be work on one of the rocket engine . the status screen behind they flash from stable to danger . gru hand Dr. nefario a tool and he be able to fix it . gru continue to assist Dr. nefario in building the engine . int : laundry room - day gru open up he dryer . the girl run and grab they pink tutus out of it . gru then remove a pink sock . he next pull out he spacesuit . it have turn pink . 62 int : gruss lair - day gru enter the main room to find he mom sit on the sofa with the girl , look through a old scrapbook . she point to a picture . gru huh ? Mom , what be you do here ? grus mom -.. and there he be in the bathtub . oh ! look at he little bun . insert : picture of nake baby gru in the bath on he stomach with he bun stick up . the girl giggle . gru be mortify . gru Mom ? not cool . she point to another picture in the scrapbook . grus mom and here he be all dress up in he Sunday best . margo he look like a girl . grus mom ha ha . yes he do . a ugly girl . int : gruss lair - day margo , edith and agnes be again practice ballet . now the two minion be practice with they . they be both really into it . int : gruss lab the rocket be much further along . they do test run of the rocket as Dr. nefario , gru and a minion look on . the girl have decide to use the rocket exhaust to roast a few marshmallow . gru walk over and try a few of the warm treat . he bring back a few marshmallow for Dr. nefario who swat they away . 63 int : gruss lair - day Kyle sneak up on the girl who be put make - up on a large doll head . right before he be about to pounce , agnes turn and hug he . agnes you be funny . int : grus lab - day gru cross out another date on he wall calendar . the dance ticket be paper clipped to the same day as the note steal the moon . the girl call to gru . he turn and see they have give Kyle a makeover . he 's as fluffy and prissy as a poodle . int : kitchen - day gru stand in front of a flame stove . he serve they pancake in evil shape : a body outline , a dagger , a time bomb , etc . edith yes ! mine 's shape like a dead guy ! int : gruss lab - same Dr. nefario be back work on one of the rocket engine . the status screen behind he flash from stable to danger . Dr. nefario hold out he hand but gru be not there to hand he tool . Dr. nefario look up try to locate gru . the status screen flash from danger to a flashing skull and crossbone . int : kitchen - same gru be show off for the girl who be have the time of they life . Dr. nefario walk into the room just in time to have a pancake fall on he head . int : perkin office - day Mr. Perkins sit at he desk . the receptionist buzze in . 64 receptionist Mr. Perkins ? you son be here . Mr. Perkins smile . mr . perkin send he in . the receptionist leave . and then through the door step -- vector . try to act as if everything 's okay . vector hey , dad . you want to see I ? mr . perkin yes I do , Victor . vector I be not Victor anymore . Victor be my nerd name . now I be vector . mr . perkin sit down . vector sit down nervously . mr . perkin do you know where the shrink Ray be ? vector duh , back at my place . mr . perkin oh be that right back at you place ? oh that 's cool . I guess gru must just have one that look exactly like it ! Mr. Perkins flip open he laptop , which display a freeze frame from the video conference . it show gru hold the shrink ray . and the girl in the background . vector stare in shock . then point to the girl . vector hey ! that girl sell I cookie ! mr . perkin do you have any idea how lucrative this moon heist could be ? I give you the opportunity of a lifetime and you just blow it ! 65 vector stare back at he dad . try to figure out a way to save face . vector no I do not . mr . perkin oh really ? vector you just wait until gru see my latest weapon : squid launcher . oh yeah ! he produce a squid launcher . he fire it over the balcony . it connect with a bank customer off screen . bank customer ( 0.s. ) ( scream ) there 's a squid on my face ! vector cock the squid launcher as threateningly as you can cock a fish weapon , cause a new squid to appear . vector do not worry . the moon be as good as ours . int : girl 's room - night gru try to put the girl to bed , but they be run all over the place . gru come on , it 's bedtime ! do you brush you tooth ? let I smell , let I smell . you do not . put on you pjs ! hold still ! okay , seriously , seriously ! this be , this be beddy bye time . right now . I be not kid around . I mean it ! edith but we be not tired . gru well I be tired ! agnes hold up a copy of the book sleepy kitten . agnes will you read we a bedtime story ? 66 gru no . agnes pretty please ? gru the physical appearance of the please make no difference . it be still no . so , go to sleep . edith but we can not . we be all hyper . margo and without a bedtime story we will just keep get up and bugging you . all night long . the girl look up at gru . he sigh . gru ahh , fine . the girl smile expectantly . gru take the book from agnes and sit down on the floor next to the girl 's bed . gru alright , alright . '' sleepy kitten . '' sleepy kitten ? he open the book , revealing that there be three kitten finger puppet attach to it . gru what be this ? agnes puppet . you use they when you tell the story . he stick three of he finger through the back of the book , operate the finger puppet . then begin read . gru okay , let 's get this over with . ( read ) Three little kitten love to play they have fun in the sun all day then they mother come out and say , '' time for kitten to go to bed . '' gru look up from the book . 67 gru wow , this be garbage . you actually like this ? agnes keep read ! edith come on ! gru shake he head , groans , and turn the page . gru okay , alright , alright , alright ... Three little kitten start to bawl , '' mommy , we be not tired at all . '' they mother smile and say with a purr , '' Fine , but at least you should brush you fur . '' edith now you brush the fur . there be a little brush attach to the page . gru pick it up and unenthusiastically brushes the puppet kitten 's fur . the girl smile . gru this be literature ? a two year old could have write this . alright . he turn the page and continue read . gru Three little kitten with fur all brush Said , '' we can not sleep , we feel too rush . '' they mother reply with a voice like silk , '' Fine , but at least you should drink you milk . '' agnes now make they drink the milk . he make the puppet drink milk from the saucer depict on the page . 68 gru ( groan ) I do not like this book . this be go on forever . he turn the page . as he do agnes snuggle up next to he . gru Three little kitten with milk all go , rubbed they eye and start to yawn , all three girl unconsciously yawn . as do gru . gru '' we can not sleep , can not even try . '' then they mother sing a lullaby . gru turn the page . gru '' goodnight , kitten , close you eye sleep in peace until you rise . Tho 's while you sleep we be apart , ( start to get emotional ) '' you mommy ... love you with all she heart . '' tear well up in he eye . the girl look up at he . realizing what 's happen , he immediately slam the book close . gru the end ! okay , goodnight ! and he quickly run for the door . agnes wait ! gru stop . gru what ? agnes what about goodnight kiss ? gru try to keep he emotion in check as he respond . 69 gru no ! no ! no ! there will be no kissing or hugging or kissing . he leave . margo turn to agnes . margo he 's not go to kiss we goodnight , agnes . agnes I like he . he 's nice . edith but scary . agnes like Santa . int : hallway - night gru walk down the hallway , past the frame '' gru family Tree '' on the wall . do a double -take , notice that the girl have draw with crayon below it to make themselves part of the family . nefario walk up behind he . dr . nefario only forty - eight hour to the launch . and all system be go . gru be uncomfortable and begin pick up after the girl : shoe , sock , toy , goldfish cracker , etc . gru um ... about that . I be think that maybe we could move the date of the heist . dr . nefario ( ready to explode ) please tell I that this not as a result of the girl ' dance recital ? be it ? gru no -- the recital ? do not ... that 's stupid . I just think it 's kinda weird to do it on a Saturday . I be think maybe a heist be a Tuesday thing ... right ? 70 dr . nefario ( explode ) gru ! you and I have be work on this for year . it 's everything we have dream of ! you chance to make history : become '' the man who stole the Moon ! '' but this girl be become a major distraction . they need to go . ( deliver the ultimatum ) if you do not do something about it , I will . nefario give gru a meaningful look . gru be stunne by the ultimatum . what 's he go to do ? gru I understand . and he leave . Dr. nefario stand there , deep in think . dr . nefario good. int : gruss garage - day we see gru 's shrunken ship park in the garage . some minion be hang out by the xerox machine , copying they butt . they giggle each time a copy come out . minion ( giggle ) butt . and then something happen . the ship begin rumbling . and then expands back to its normal size . uh-oh . the minion do not even notice and continue to copy they butt . int : grus lair - day gru sit on the floor have a tea party with the girl . he pour a cup for the fluffy unicorn they win at Super silly fun land . gru ..- alright , now when we put we cup together we will make the clink sound with we mouth . ready ? edith ? 71 gru and edith clink . gru there we go . and now we drink ! they all take a sip . gru and agnes ? gru and agnes clink ! gru very good . the doorbell ring . gru head out . gru Excuse I girl . girl aw. come on . gru do not worry I will be back . keep clinking . int : gruss lair - continuous gru open the front door . revealing miss hattie . she do not look happy . gru oh , miss hattie . what be you do here ? miss hattie I be here for the girl . I receive a call that you want to return they . this hit gru like a ton of brick . miss hattie and , also I do purchase a Spanish dictionary . she slap gru across the face with the dictionary . 72 miss hattie I do not like what you say . gru but ... I ... gru hear a throat clearing . turn and see Dr. nefario watch from across the room . realizing he have no choice , he turn back to miss hattie . gru oh . I will get the girl ready . ext : gruss house - day gru carry they bag to the car as the girl line up next to miss hattie 's car . eye welling up with tear . she 's wait impatiently for the goodby to be over . stand across from they be gru . determined not to let any feeling show . as agnes be about to get into the car she turn and grab gru 's leg . agnes do not let she take we , Mr. gru ! tell she that you want to keep we ! gru want to respond . but can not do it . the disappointment in the girl 's eye be devastating . miss hattie snort . she 's have enough of this . miss hattie alright girl . come on , let 's go . margo Goodbye Mr. gru . thanks for everything . slam ! miss hattie shut the door . then fix gru with a stern , judgmental look , hop into the car and drive off . gru watch the car go , he heart break . Dr. nefario approach he . dr . nefario I do it for you own good . come on , let 's go get that moon . Dr. nefario smile . gru look at Dr. nefario . somehow he 's not feel the same degree of excitement . 73 gru right . nefario watch as gru head back to the house , clearly depressed . Dr. nefario sigh . watch the scene from the window be a couple minion , sobbing uncontrollably . int : grus lair - day gru sit alone at he table eat lunch . int : grus lair - day gru see the minion busy at work clean the wall where the girl have extend he family tree to include they . he make a face . int .- hattie 's office we see a cu of margo 's face . we pull out and its reveal she 's in the box of shame ... along with the other girl , in they own individual box . int : grus bedroom - night gru lie in bed . he look at he hand , reach and pull up the cover to find the head ( ala the horse 's head in the godfather ) of a doll . gru scream . ext : gruss house the peaceful serenity of gru 's house be break by he scream . a flock of rest bird flap off into the distance . int : mission control minion be work around the rocket and on the computer at mission control . int : gruss lab - day gru walk through a tunnel in he pink space suit . he put on he helmet and look at the rocket in all its glory . 74 int : flashback — day we see Little gru stare up at the moon , eye fill with hope and imagination . int : gruss lab - day back to reality . gru step onto a lift and he and Dave ride it to the top of the rocket . Dave produce the ticket to the recital and hand it to gru . gru look at it . gru what be this for ? minion ( gibberish ) gru the recital ? I ... I be the great criminal mind of the century ! I do not go to little girl 's dance recital ! gru scoff and turn back to the rocket , ready for he mission . Dave be barely able to catch the ticket without fall off the platform . he sneak up and stick it in one of gru 's suit pocket . he whistle like nothing happen . gru step into a hatch in the rocket . int : rocket - day gru fasten he safety belt and the hatch door slam shut . he continue to ready the ship for takeoff when Dr. nefario 's face appear on a screen , give a update . DR. nefario ( 0.s. ) ( on monitor ) open launch bay door . ka-chong ! suddenly a slit of sunlight appear through the cockpit window as massive hangar door open overhead . int : gruss lab - day Dr. nefario begin the countdown on the video monitor . 75 dr . nefario commence launch sequence , and we be good to go in t-minus ten second . ten...nine ...eight ... seven ... the rocket begin to rumble and smoke begin to come from the base . minion run from they post for cover . dr . nefario six ... ext : mr. mcdade 's house . Mr. mcdade wax he car , check he reflection in the hood . suddenly the ground begin to rumble below he foot and a shadow cover he . he look up at the huge rocket take off from gru 's backyard . his jaw drop . just then , vector run up beside mcdade . mcdade watch as vector pull out he squid launcher and aim it at the rocket and fire . splaaat ! the squid connect with the rocket and stick to it . it 's attach to a line which be attach to vector . vector hand the gun to Mr. mcdade . the line quickly take up slack and -- thwoosh ! vector be yank into the sky , after the rocket . ext : sky - same shooooooom ! the rocket tear through the sky , toward the heaven . vector go up with it , attach by the squid line . vector oh yeah ! ext : rocket - same vector climb up the rope to the rocket . int : rocket - same gru get on the communicator . gru Nice work , doctor . all system go . 76 and then , in the window -- vector ! a evil smile on he face . vector boo-yah ! gru jump in shock . then push down the toaster button on the control panel . ext : rocket - same the whole of gru 's rocket be now electrically charge . vector be zap off the rocket when he be electrocute . vector aaaaiiigghhhhhh ! he fall through the air , head straight for the ground below . then he remember . vector my flight suit ! vector pull a ripcord and sail unfurl on either side of he suit , make he look like a fly squirrel . the wind catch the sail and vector begin to soar across the sky . vector oh yeah . once again , the mighty vector -- splat ! he smack right into the side of a electric tower . vector aaaaiiigghhhhhh ! ext : sky - same the rocket reach the edge of earth 's atmosphere . the same float minion from earlier happen to be in orbit . he see the rocket and barely manage to get out of the way ! int : rocket - same gru close he eye and hold on for dear life as the ship violently shake and rumble . the view through the cockpit go from pale blue to deep purple to the blackness of space . 77 gru aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaah ! suddenly the shaking stop and everything be still . int : gruss lab - day the minion erupt in cheer . int : rocket - same gru look out the window at the moon in the starry distance . a smile come across he face . ext : the moon - later the massive pale sphere float in space . over the horizon , gru 's ship appear . the rocket power down and it silently hover above the lunar surface . sssssssst ! Doors open and gru emerge in a space suit . he hold the shrink Ray in he hand and face the enormous lunar body . he stare up at moon . its size be overwhelming . he feel like a speck float in front of it . he smile and take aim at the pale yellow world in front of he . breathes deep , then -- zzzzzz2z2z2z2zzz2z2zcheeeeeeeet ! a bolt of ENERGY fire from the gun and engulf the moon . then slowly , it begin to shrink . smaller and smaller . gru 's eye widen as the edge of the moon come into view . ZLZZZ2222222222Z222ZZ2CHEEEEET ! the moon continue to shrink . ext : ocean - day a group of surfer ride massive wave , loving it . surfer ( stoke ) woooco00-hoocoo00 ! and then suddenly the wave collapse into nothing . 78 ext : forrest - night a werewolf howl at the moon but be change back to a man when the moon disappear . he dart back into the wood . ext : the moon - gru 's hand reach out to the tiny moon . gru ha ! I have get it ! I have get the moon ! I have get the moon ! gru do a flip , unhinder by gravity and float around and around . he 's giddy as a school boy . and then , subtly he mood change . somehow have the moon be not as satisfy as he think it would be . silently float in the vastness of space , gru look small and alone . and extremely unfulfilled . just then , something drift out of he pocket . it 's the ticket to the dance recital . gru stare at it . suddenly want to be with the girl more than anything . he look at he watch . gru I can make it . int : gruss lab - day Dr. nefario and the shrunken minion manage the blink , flash light of ground control . suddenly the tiny minion begin to wobble . mrrrruuumph ! the minion return to its normal size ! dr . nefario wait a minute . how ... minion Kevin ! the minion kiss Kevin repeatedly . ext : space - day shooooooom ! gru 's rocket shoot through space like a bullet . 79 int : rocket - same gru steer the ship toward the earth , which grow larger in the cockpit window . push hard on the throttle . gru come on , come on ! int : stage - same the girl be behind the curtain . agnes be peer out at the audience . there be a empty chair in the front row . she turn to margo and edith . agnes he 's still not here . margo why would he come ? he give we up . agnes but he pinkie promise ! the dance teacher show up . dance teacher Girls , girl -- place ! edith no , we can not start yet ! we be still expect someone ! agnes look up at the dance teacher with puppy dog eye . agnes can we just wait a few more minute ? the dance teacher sigh . dance teacher alright . but just a few more minute . when she leave , margo turn to edith and agnes . margo he 's not come , guy . edith and agnes look shake by this . could it be true ? 80 ext : space - same gru 's ship approach the edge of the Earth 's atmosphere . in flame from the friction of re-entry . int : gruss lab - day Dr. nefario grab the radio . dr . nefario gru , gru can you hear I ? int : rocket gru grit he tooth as he try to hold the ship steady . gru aaaahhhhhhhhh !!! int : gruss lab - day Dr. nefario only get back static from he call . he turn to the minion . dr . nefario Quick ! we have get to warn he , and fast ! nefario hop on he old - person scooter ... and shoot forward at 2 mph . int : rocket - same gru grit he tooth as he try to hold the ship steady , flame flicker in the window . sweat roll down gru 's face as the heat become unbearable . gru aaaahhhhhhhhh !!! int : dance studio - same the light dim . classical music begin to play and the curtain slowly open . all of the girl come out and begin dance , big smile on they face . and at the end of the row be margo , edith and agnes look sad . every parent in the crowd fire up a video camera in unison . except for one audience member . 81 vector . int : gruss spaceship - same gru look down at the city below , try to locate the dance studio . gru ( confuse ) okay , okay , there 's the library ... that 's third Street , that 's the dance studio , there , there , there it be ! ext : playground - evening Children swing on swing , dig in the sand and play tag . then they all stop upon hearing a rumbling sound . they all look up to the sky and ... tcheeewwwwwm ! the spaceship roar through the sky , just above the kid . a rocket booster fall from the ship , landing on a merry - go - round . it ignite , spin the merry - go-round at a hundred mile a hour . they all cheer . ext : STREET - same the spaceship touch down in the middle of the street . the tire screech and smoke as car and pedestrian dive out of the way . int : rocket - same gru see the dance studio up ahead and slam on the brake . screeeeeech ! the rocket speed straight toward the dance studio . thoomph ! the brake parachute activate . slow down , it get closer ...closer ... and ... stop right at the building . int : dance studio - continuous the door swing open and gru rush in . gru stop in he track upon see -- 82 the empty dance hall . a janitor be take down the fold chair . janitor sorry , buddy . show 's over . gru over ? gru can not believe it . then something catch he eye . he make he way over to a chair in the front row . remove the sign tape to it . stare at it . written in child 's handwrite be -- '' margo , edith and agnes 's dad . '' crushed , he stare at the paper . he turn it over and suddenly get a concerned look on he face . he throw the paper aside and tear out of the dance Studio . the paper flutter to the ground . it land with the back - side up . it read : bring the moon - V . ext : vector 's fortress - night gru run up to the front gate and begin pound on it . gru vector ! open up ! a huge tv monitor appear from over the gate . appear on it be vector . vector first give I the moon . then we will talk . agnes ( 0.s. ) Mr. gru ! vector Zip it , happy meal . gru produce the shrunken moon and hold it up to the monitor . gru place the moon in a small tube , which suck the moon up into vector 's fortress . gru now ... the girl . 83 vector actually , I think I '11 hold onto they a little while longer . gru no ! oh yeah ! unpredictable ! gru watch helplessly as the monitor retract back inside the building and disappear . gru no ! gru grit he tooth . spot a security camera . look directly into the camera with fire in he eye . gru listen close you little punk . you have no idea who you be deal with . when I get in there , you be in for a world of pain ! gru stare into the camera , try to contain he anger . int : vector 's fortress - same vector stare at a the monitor display gru . he laugh . vector ( feign fear ) oh , I be really scared . gru pull back a fist and punch at the monitor . crack ! the monitor go to static and vector jump . the girl smile . agnes he be go to kick you butt . vector look a little worried . he press a button that activate heat seeking missile . ext : vector 's fortress - same the missile launch from the fortress . gru watch as they launch outward , and begin they return towards he . 84 he stand , determine and at the last possible second act ! move like a maniac-ninja , he leap through the missile , thread the delicate needle , flipping and dodging before hopping off the last one . the missile careen into vector 's fortress wall and explode ! gru begin he unrelent march to the girl . a shark jump out of vector 's moat and dive at he . in one punch , gru knock the beast back into the water . int : vector 's fortress - same vector watch this on a monitor . beginning to panic . vector what ? he punch my shark ! ext : vector 's fortress - same gru be about to kick down the front door when ... tchroooom ! the entire building begin to rumble and the entire room lift off , detach itself from the rest of the building . it 's a escape pod ! gru see the pyramid in vector 's backyard . climb to the top he leap and grab onto the side of the escape pod . ext : sky - same shooom ! the escape pod soar up into the air . shooooom ! gru 's ship , pilote by Dr. nefario streak after he . int : gruss ship dr . nefario there he be ! Dr. nefario zoom in on vector 's escape pod and see gru hold on for dear life . ext : sky - same Dr. nefario speed towards gru. 85 ext : grus ship dr . nefario hang on gru ! gru try to open the hatch but the g-force be too great . gru lose he grip and start to fall . dr . nefario oh no ! gru aaaaaaaaaaaah ! gru fall through the open roof-hatch and land safely inside . he turn and see several minion in the back of he ship . he sheepishly wave at they . they wave back . gru vector have the girl ! go ! ext : sky gru 's ship speed through the air . int : gruss ship gru what happen to the ship ? it 's big again ! dr . nefario not as big as the moon 's go to be . gru what ?! dr . nefario the larger the mass of a object , the quick the effect of the shrink ray wear off ! I call it the nefario principle . I just come up with it now , actually . gru oh no ! 86 int : vector 's escape pod - same the moon begin to grow . it crush the coffee mug that be hold it . the girl stare at the beach ball size moon . margo do you see that ? the girl pound on they glass enclosure . girl vector ! help ! over here ! help ! vector hey , what be you girl do back there ? vector struggle to keep control of he ship as the moon roll . the girl continue to scream as the moon flatten vector ! vector ouch . the moon roll ext : gruss ship - same vector 's ship be fly erratically . gru get as close in as you can ! a grappling hook be shot from gru 's ship . it connect with vector 's ship . gru you get it ! nefario hold the ship steady . int : vector 's ship the girl scream as they try to avoid the rapidly expand moon . girl aaahhhhiiiiieeeeee ! 87 suddenly , behind they there be a groan from the hull of the ship ! sccreeeeeunnngh . the rear hatch open ! the girl walk to the edge of the ship . margo Mr. gru , up here ! agnes & edith Mr. gru ! gru stand on the wing of he ship and call up to the girl . gru okay , girl , girl ! you be go to have to jump ! the girl look nervous . it 's a big jump . edith jump ? be you insane ?! gru do not worry ! I will catch you ! gru hold he arm out wide , ready to catch they . they exchange look . then -- margo you give we back . gru I know , I know and it be the worst mistake I ever make . but you have to jump now . they girl know that gru be go to be there for they . margo it will be okay . gru okay girl . margo jump now ! agnes and edith jump . whoooosh ! they scream as they fall . gru catch the girl and pass they down to Dr. nefario . then look up at margo , who still seem unsure . 88 gru margo I will catch you and I will never let you go again . margo take she glass off and begin to jump but vector grab she and pull she back into the ship . vector not so fast . gru margo ! margo let I go . vector laugh as he aim he squid launcher at gru . gru no ! just when he be ready to fire , the rapidly expand moon knock he over and push margo out the door . margo scream as she fall but she be able to grab hold of the cable that be connect the two ship together . margo woah ! ext : vector 's escape pod vector pull himself back to safety . ext : grus ship gru I be come margo . hang on ! gru stand on the wing of the plane while the two other girl watch . margo be barely hold on . int : vector 's escape pod - same vector be stick to the moon after it roll over he . 89 ext : gruss ship gru walk the cable between the two plane like a tightrope . the shifting plane make it difficult for he to keep he balance . int : vector 's escape pod - same vector be smashed into the side of he ship . ext : grus ship the cable be tear from vector 's ship . margo and gru fall through the air . they both fall scream when -- miraculously a yellow hand reach down and grab gru 's extend arm ! a chain of minion extend up to gru 's ship . gru I get you ! gru and margo hang on for dear life swinging in the air . int : vector 's escape pod - same the moon grow quickly , crush everything inside the escape pod . vector be about to be flatten . the moon expands into the control panel where push a large button . ext : vector 's escape pod - same the escape pod 's engine fire up to maximum velocity . ext : gruss ship - night gru hold margo close as vector 's escape pod zoom higher . the cable be slowly retract back into he ship . just then , the moon expands , shatter the escape pod . ka - blam ! vector aaaaaaaaaaaaaaah ! nooood0000000 ! it hit he and he hold on for dear life as the moon rocket into space . 90 ext : gruss ship - same gru , nefario and the girl watch . ext : space the moon expands from a tiny dot in the sky to its normal size . ext : moon —- same vector open he eye and look around . see that he be alone on the moon which be now full size . scratch he head . vector oh poop . int : tv studio - night we favorite newscaster be on tv . newscaster this time good triumph and the moon have be return to its rightful place in the sky . but once again law enforcement be baffle ! leave everyone to wonder : who be this mysterious hero ? and what will he do next ? int : girl ' bedroom - later gru walk the girl into they room . they be now in they pajamas and mellow out . gru okay girl , time for bed . edith aw come on ! we want a story . agnes Three sleepy kitten ! gru oh no , sorry that book be accidentally destroy maliciously . tonight we be go to read a new book . 91 the girl react . gru get a book ? he reach into he coat and pull out a homemade book call one Big unicorn . gru this one be call ... one Big unicorn . by ... who write this ... oh I ! I write it ! oh look -- it 's a puppet book ! he stick he nose through a hole in the book , create a horn for the unicorn on the cover . gru that 's the horn . the girl laugh at this . agnes this be go to be the best book ever ! gru not to pat myself on the back , but yes it probably will be . here we go . gru open it up and begin read . gru one big unicorn , strong and free , think he be happy as he could be , the unicorn in gru 's illustration somehow resemble gru himself . gru turn the page . gru then three little kitten come around , and turn he whole life upside - down . the three kitten in gru 's illustration look a lot like margo , edith and agnes . edith point . edith hey -- that one look like I . gru what be you talk about ? this be kitten ! any relation to person live or dead be completely coincidental . 92 margo smile a know smile . gru turn the page . the unicorn and the kitten be riding in a roller - coaster . gru they make he laugh . they make he cry . he never should have say good - bye . he turn to the last page , a image of the unicorn and the kitten inside a heart . gru and now he know he could never part from that three little kitten that change he heart . ( beat ) the end . he close the book . the girl look at he , clearly touch . gru okay , alright . goodnight . gru get up and head for the door . turn out the light . stands there for a bit . then walk back to agnes and give she a kiss goodnight . then he kiss edith . then he bend down to kiss margo -- who give he a big hug . margo ( whisper ) I love you . gru smile , try to hold all he emotion inside . gru I love you , too . int : hall - continuous as he enter the hall , he see the minion assemble for good - night kiss . gru no ! no ! the minion all sigh , disappointed . 93 gru oh all right . he kiss they on the head . a familiar look minion go to the front of the line again . gru do not I get you already ? the minion giggle and run off . int : gruss underground lab - night nefario struggle with a video camera . Close on a curtain . classical music begin to play and the curtain open , revealing margo , edith and agnes dress in they dance outfit . they all move in unison and begin they routine . gru watch from the front row of the audience , beam . a minion play the role of dj , and dance a little ballet in sync with the girl . gru be the ultimate proud parent . gru they be very good . we now see nefario be sit next to gru filming the performance . gru 's Mom sit next to gru . grus mom oh , I be so proud of you , son . you 's nve turn out to be a great parent -- just like I . maybe even better . gru attempt a smile . suddenly another minion dj get a idea . he shove the ballet minion out of the way and slap on some vinyl . you should be dancin 's by the beegee fill we ear ! the girl switch into full - on funk mode . agnes smile down at gru and motion for he to come up on stage with she . 94 gru smile and wave she off . then margo and edith join in . waving for he to join they . gru smile uncomfortably and wave . gru no , I be fine ! go ahead ! margo pull he part way on stage . gru resist and attempt to sit back down , but a wave of minion carry he the rest of the way . gru no , no , no . gru hey ! agh . there 's no get out of this now . he take the stage and the crowd go crazy . gru take a deep breath and -- break into a crazy dance routine ! the crowd go crazy . cheer and give gru a stand ovation . Dr. nefario dance on stage with gru 's Mom . up on stage , gru look down at the girl who be simultaneously stunne and impressed . gru leap into the air and prepare to do the split , but instead land awkwardly on the stage . vzzzzrrt ! the stage begin to raise up into the air and the '' moon roof " open revealing a huge full moon . ext : the moon vector be moon walk on the moon to the beat of the song . the float minion dance too . back to scene the platform raise above the house of the neighborhood , and gru and the girl stare out at the huge full moon . the end