despicable I 2 written by cinco Paul &amp ; Ken daurio ext : arctic circle - day snow and ice as far as the eye can see . what look like a windowless military base surround by barb wire fence sit in the middle of the wasteland . title card : top secret research laboratory . arctic circle . at the guard gate , two russian guard play poker use a overturn barrel as a table . Russian Guard 1 show a five of diamond ... and four ace . the other Guard fold . Russian Guard 1 laugh and drag in the pile of coin . while he speak in russian and do a celebratory dance , the coin fly up into the air . Russian Guard 1 stop dance and see that the coin be go . he accuse the other Guard of steal they . Russian Guard 2 swear he do not take they . Russian Guard 1 grab a shovel and wield it menacingly , until it fly up into the air . they both look up to see where it 's go . then the metal barrel they be use as a table fly up , knock they over . Russian Guard 2 look up to see a gigantic magnet ship lowering down from above and hovering over the laboratory . a watchtower guard shout . a door below open as a bunch of Guards run out and point they gun at the magnet ship . then ... woosh ! all of they gun be pull up towards the ship , include the guard themselves , who be strapped to they gun . a snowmobile lift off the ground and fly up to the magnet . other vehicle and small building begin to pull away from the ground . then -- the entire lab start to get pulled up out of the ground . clank ! the lab make contact with the ship . it fly up and down , shaking the scientist and guard off . they fall to the ground . the magnet ship fly away with they lab , vehicle , and weapon . the remain guard and scientist be strewn across the snow with the remnant of the damage base . we see a porta - potty door open . a confused Guard be sit on the can read a newspaper , have miss the entire incident . he close the door . match CUT to : despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 2 . int : avl headquarters - night security footage of the research station name px lab be carry away by the magnet ship play on the screen at avl headquarters . we see the back of several head watch the footage . there 's a heavy sigh . silas Three week and we be still no closer to crack this ? no response . silas ( cont 'd ) right ... bring he in . lucy ( o.s. ) yes , sir . ext : suburban STREET - day gru step toward camera , hold some sort of menace gun , which he load and cock . he pull the trigger , which shoot out a inflatable unicorn balloon . smiling , he tie it to the windowsill next to some other . ext : grus backyard - day a banner read : " happy birthday agnes ! " and a massive backyard party be in full swing . the yard be decorate with pink balloon and streamer , and a bouncy house shape like a castle . agnes and several other little girl slide down a slide . they be all dress as princess , but agnes be dress as a princess riding a unicorn . agnes this be the best party ever !!! edith , dress as a ninja , emerge from beneath a table and climb across the monkey bar as a series of joust , blade , and box glove come up from the ground underneath she . she jump down , narrowly avoid a bear trap . edith haha ! yeah ! despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 3. two little girl fish in a small kiddie pool . one of the girl pull up a toy duck and then razze the other girl , but then a live piranha jump out and eat the toy duck . a boy and a girl sword fight . the Boy do a bunch of fancy move . the girl wait for he to finish and then pound he on the head with a club . two kid in the background be on a see-saw make of bomb . agnes run into the middle of the yard and point offscreen . agnes oh no ! a dragon be approach ! all of the kid turn and see kyle dress as a dragon . he grumble and then they scream and huddle around agnes . then margo enter wear a suit of armor and wield a sword . margo fear not , for here come the gallant knight to save we ! she gesture to a group of minion wear tiny suit of armor and wield various medieval weapon . the kid cheer as the minion charge toward Kyle . one accidentally hit another with he sword . a fight ensue in which they use the medieval weapon on each other . one minion pound another with a mace . one minion wander off from the fight with he helmet on backwards , wildly swinging he mace . across the yard , gru be busy grill burger and talk on the phone . not happy . gru no , no , no ! what do you mean she 's not come ?! I have a backyard full of this little girl who be count on a visit from a fairy princess ! the mace -swing minion walk by and accidently , repeatedly hit gru with the mace in the shin . gru ( cont 'd ) ah! hurt ! ah! stop it ! gru kick the minion 's helmet and chase he off with a spatula , send he towards the party swinging he mace . gru sigh and return to the call . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 4. gru ( cont 'd ) listen ! I do not want a refund ! I want a fairy princess ... please ! please , I be begging you . ( resigned ) you know what ? I hope that you can sleep at night , you crusher of little girl ' dream !!! gru hit the phone with he spatula and hang up . turn and see agnes stand there . agnes ooh ooh ! when 's the Fairy princess come ? gru stare down at agnes ' big excited eye . he open he mouth to tell she the truth , but can not do it . gru any minute now ! agnes squeal with excitement and run off . agnes yayyy ! gru look worried -- what do I do now ? he signal two minion . gru stall they . ext : backyard - later a hand - paint piece of cardboard read " the magic show " be place on a easel . agnes and all of the little kid sit in a semicircle on the grass . two minion dress as magician be do a magic act with edith as they assistant . one minion blow up a balloon and put it in edith 's mouth . then the other whip out a chainsaw and fire it up , head toward she . margo see this and quickly intervene . margo whoa ! whoa ! okay , okay , alright . that 's enough of the magic show ! the minion do not hide they disappointment . minion awwww . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 5 . margo suddenly look around as if she just hear something . margo wait , do you hear that ? it sound like the twinkle sound of magical fairy dust . agnes ( gasp ) it 's the fairy princess ! she 's come ! margo gasp and point up to the sky . margo look ! edith spit out she magic balloon in horror and we follow it up to reveal -- gru. dress in a puffy pink dress , fairy wing , glittery eyelash and tiara and magical wand . up on top of gru 's house , the minion struggle to lower he down on a rope . edith 's balloon float by and distract they . they let go of the rope and gru swing wildly , smash into the wall of the house and crash to the ground . gru aaaaaahh ! he stand up and try to cover . agnes sigh happily , in awe of the fairy princess . gru ( cont 'd ) ( in falsetto ) it be I , gru ... zinkerbell ! the most magical fairy princess of all ! and I be here to wish princess agnes a very happy birthday ! gru sprinkle the girl with glitter and they continue to stare , freeze . then a little girl raise she hand and speak with a lisp . little girl how come you be though fat ? gru grit he tooth , then force a smile and speak with a high -pitch , dreamy voice . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 6 . gru because my house be make of candy and sometimes I eat instead of face my problem . the girl start to ask another question . little girl how come you have - gru cut she off with a puff of fairy dust to the face . she cough . gru okay ! time for cake ! as the kid run to the table , agnes approach gru . agnes thank you , gru-zinkerbell . you be the best fairy princess ever ! gru smile . gru ( in falsetto ) you be welcome , little girl . she run off , but quickly return . agnes ( whisper in he ear ) I know it 's really you , gru . I be just pretend for the other kid . she run off again to join she friend . gru watch she go . could not be happier . then he be approach by jillian , a heavily - botox mom . jillian hey there , gru , Mr. life of the Party ! gru ( force a smile ) hello , jillian . jillian sooooo , I be gonna go out on a limb here , but my friend Natalie be recently single , and ... despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 7. in the background , a homely natalie lean against a buffet table and seductively raise she eyebrow at gru . the table collapse to the ground beneath she . gru ( realize what 's go on ) no , no , no , get off of the limb right now . no limb . jillian oh , come on ... she 's a riot . she sing karaoke , she have a lot of free time , look be not that important to she ... in the background , Natalie inadvertently walk in front of a bottle pitch game , be strike by a ball , and fall to the ground . gru no , Jill 's , that be not happen . seriously . I be fine . jillian ( call after gru ) okay , fine . forget Natalie . how about my cousin Linda ? gru walk off , pass by edith and margo . gru no . jillian oh , oh ! I know someone whose husband just die ! splash ! suddenly jillian be spray in the face with water . reveal gru hold a hose with a spray nozzle . gru I be sorry . I do not see you there . splash ! he spray she again . she fall down . gru ( cont 'd ) or there . he drop the hose and walk away , chuckling softly . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 8. ext : grus house - dusk gru take Kyle out to the front yard . camera Pov a camera with nightvision be watch they . the screen analyze Kyle and a readout come out as " species : unknown . " Kyle sniff gru 's flower . gru Kyle ... Kyle ! then it analyze gru and the readout say " target acquired . " gru ( cont 'd ) ky -- Kyle ! no , do not do you business on the petunias ! Kyle lift up he leg next to gru 's flower . he pick Kyle up and place he next to he neighbor 's bush . gru ( cont 'd ) there you go . that be Fred 's . go crazy . Kyle do and the bush immediately wither and die . gru chuckle . gru ( cont 'd ) good boy . voice ( o.s. ) Mr. gru ? gru turn and see Lucy wilde stand there . gru wha ? I do not ... what ... yes ? lucy ( hold up she badge ) hi! agent Lucy wilde of the avl . ( realize she badge be upside down ) oh. whoops . ( clear she throat , all business ) sorry , you be gonna have to come with I . gru oh , sorry , I -- freeze Ray ! despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 9. gru whip out he freeze ray and fire it . a wall of ice head for Lucy . but before it get to she , Lucy pull out a retractable gun from she purse , which act as a flamethrower . melting the ice . lucy you know you really should announce you weapon after you fire they , Mr. gru . for example -- she pull out a lipstick . fire it at gru . the tip fly through the air and connect with he chest , latching on . zzzzzappp ! it tase he , which send he body flail in different funny pose before pass out . lucy ( cont 'd ) lipstick taser ! oh , it work so good . ext : STREET - later Lucy try to drag gru to she car , but he 's too heavy . lucy man. ugh. large ...person . she get a idea . Lucy get into she car . in the background , we see gru begin to come to , but he be strike by Lucy 's car as she pull back and be knock out again . lucy ( cont 'd ) oh ...sorry ! closer now , Lucy get out and stuff he body into the trunk . just then Tom and Stuart come out of gru 's garage and see they boss be load in . Lucy struggle to close the trunk . lucy ( cont 'd ) get...in...there ...you ...big ...man ! slam ! Lucy finally slam the trunk then quickly get into the vehicle . Tom and Stuart exchange horrify look . tom and stuart boss ! despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 10 . they take off run after the car as it pull away , run as fast as they tiny leg will carry they . they get right behind it and Tom leap up onto the trunk . he reach he hand out to Stuart , who be fall behind . tom koom ey lah ! stuart koom ey lah ! koom ey lah ! Stuart leap for the bumper and Tom catch he by he overall strap . Tom hold on tight as Stuart dangle from the back of the car , he overall strap stretch way out . stuart ( cont 'd ) aaaaaaiiieeeaaaiiieeeaaaah ! as Lucy turn a corner , he slam into some garbage can and end up ski behind the car in a cardboard box . now in the box , Stuart continue to ride behind the car , and even start to get the hang of that , too . he wave at Tom , and Tom wave back . stuart ( cont 'd ) woooo ! tom ooooh ! all be good until they go past a clothesline and a sheet get stick on Stuart . the sheet form a parasail which lift Stuart up into the air . he strike a superman fly pose . then a flock of geese fly toward he and one actually slam into he face . stuart quack quack ! it squawks at he as it fly off . Lucy spot the commotion in she side view mirror and slam on the brake . screech ! both minion fly forward -- int : lucy car - same Lucy see this , drive forward , and open the convertible top , cause the minion to land right in the passenger 's seat . they strike threaten karate pose . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 11 . tom and stuart hi-yah !! Lucy tase they and they pass out . she floor it . ext : STREET - same Lucy 's car continue drive until it reach a crowded pier . and do not stop . it drive right off the end of the pier . a confuse fisherman leap for he life . confuse fisherman what the -- oh ! splash ! int : ocean - same Lucy 's car now transform into a underwater vehicle . as the minion come to , one of they try play with the radio until Lucy slap he hand away . they speed through the sea and a octopus slam into she windshield . she turn on the wiper , which hit the octopus in the face until he 's have enough and swim off in a cloud of ink . she honk she horn as she pass through a school of fish . minion whoa ... as the fish pass the minion look ahead to see a shark head for they with he mouth open . they scream . Lucy quickly steer the car out of harm 's way . they pass by several more shark until they arrive at a giant submarine with the letter " avl " on the side . a hatch open and Lucy 's car go inside . the hatch close behind she . int : avl sub - same the water drain out from the hold dock . a buffer and hair dryer come out to dry off the car . a squeegee wipe off the windshield . then the platform the car be on lower down . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 12 . int : avl room - day Lucy 's car lower into the center of the room as a large circular table assemble around it , effectively lock they in . Lucy and the minion get out of the car . she push a button on she remote and gru , with a starfish attach to he head , be eject from the trunk . gru ( groggily ) ugh...ooh ... what ... where ...ah... oh , foot 's asleep ...ah... pin and needle ... silas ( o.s. ) good afternoon , Mr. gru. gru ehhh ... silas I apologize for we method in get you here . lucy I do not . I would do it again in a heartbeat . I be not gonna lie -- I enjoy that . every second of it . gave I a bit of a buzz , actually . silas that 's enough , agent wilde . lucy sorry , sir . gru okay , this be bogus ! gru peel the starfish off he head and drop it onto Tom 's . Stuart laugh at he . gru ( cont 'd ) I do not know who you people think you be , but -- a waiter come over with tea for silas . silas we be the anti-villain League . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 13 . as silas summon a map that show all of the avl office around the world , Lucy 's car drop out of the way . Stuart be trap on the lowering platform and he scramble to get back onto stable ground . silas continue . silas ( cont 'd ) a ultra-secret organization dedicated to fight crime on a global scale . Rob a bank ? we be not interested . kill someone ? not we deal . but you want to melt the polar ice cap ? or vaporize mt. Fuji ? or even steal the moon ? then we notice . gru first of all , you have get no proof that I do that . second , after I do do that , I put it back ! silas we be well aware of that , Mr. gru. that 's why we have bring you here . ( beat ) I be the League 's director , silas ramsbottom . upon hearing the name , Tom and Stuart start giggle . tom bottom . tom and stuart heeheheeeeheeehee . silas bristle at this , and glance over at Lucy . silas hilarious . agent wilde ... lucy oh , I now ...? she continue the de-brief , turn to the screen , which show a image of the magnet ship steal the lab . lucy ( cont 'd ) um , recently a entire top secret lab disappear from the Arctic Circle . yeah , the entire lab . just whoosh . voom ! go . where do it go ? despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 14 . gru I do not care . the screen show footage of a tiny little bunny in a scientific lab . furry and adorable . lucy the lab be devote to experiment involve px - 41 , a transmutation serum . what be px - 41 , you ask ? mmmm , it 's pretty bad ... look . a labcoat technician approach the bunny with a syringe contain the purple liquid . inject some in its butt . tom and stuart aaah ! instantly the bunny transform into a hideous purple monster bunny . gru and the minion smile , impressed . then it go crazy and attack the scientist . gru cover he eye and the minion pass out . gru oh ! the bunny attack the technician , then the camera ... and the film be over . gru ( cont 'd ) hmm , you usually do not see that in bunny . silas as you can see , in the wrong hand , the px - 41 serum could be the most devastating weapon on earth . ( struggle to get through the open in the table ) fortunately it have a very distinct chemical footprint , and use the latest chemtrack technology , we find trace of it in the paradise mall . on the screen we see image depict a highly technical diagram of the shopping mall . gru ha ! a mall ? despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 15 . silas precisely . and we believe that one of this shop owner be a master criminal . silas scroll through picture of the mall 's shop owner . silas ( cont 'd ) and that 's where you come in . as a ex-villain , you know how a villain think , how a villain act . lucy the plan be to set you up undercover at a shop in the mall , where hopefully you will be able to -- gru okay , I see where this be go , with all the Mission impossible stuff , but no . no ! I be a father now . and a legitimate businessman . I be develop a line of delicious jam and jelly . silas shoot he a look . he chuckle . silas jam and ... jelly ? gru oh , attitude ! that 's right ! so thanks , but no thanks . ( beat ) and here 's a tip -- instead of tasing people and kidnap they , maybe you should just give they a call ! good day , Mr. sheepsbutt ! silas ramsbottom . gru ( chuckle ) oh , yeah , like that 's any better ! gru turn and head for the door , follow by Tom and Stuart , who continue to giggle about ramsbottom 's name . ext : ocean - night gru exit the avl headquarters , which he now see be on a submarine . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 16 . Lucy lean out the door and tap he on the shoulder . lucy look , I probably should not be say this , but you work as a villain be kind of amazing , so if you ever want to get back to do something awesome - - give we a call . she hand gru she business card . gru take it and stare at it . ext : ocean - later gru row back to shore as Tom yell to he like a coxswain . gru grunt with each stroke . tom ( " stroke ! " ) mack -oh ! mack -oh ! mack-oh ! int : grus house - night gru carry a sleep agnes upstairs . int : girl ' bedroom - continuous gru enter to find margo and edith not in bed . margo be texting someone . gru ( whisper ) hey , I tell you guy to get to bed . margo oh , sorry . edith so when ya goin ' on you date ? gru what ? edith remember ? miss jillian say she be arrange a date for you . gru yeah , well , she be a nutjob . and I be not go on any date . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 17 . edith why not ? be you scared ? gru stare back at edith . get a far-away look in he eye . ext : playground - flashback - day we flash back to little gru on the school playground . he stare , lovesick , at a cute little blonde girl , name lisa . lisa ( to she friend ) hey , do you guy see the moon landing on tv ? girl yeah , I can not believe it . it 's so cool ... lisa yeah , and you know what -- gru approach she . little gru Excuse I , Lisa ? but she do not notice he . he try again . lisa ( to she friend ) I be talk to billy the other day . girl no way . lisa he be so cute . gru clear he throat . lisa ( cont 'd ) and I think he like I . gru hey Lisa , I be wonder if you -- gru reach out and tap she shoulder with he pointer finger . then one of the other little girl point to gru 's finger on Lisa 's shoulder . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 18 . girl ewww ! gru touch Lisa ! gru touch Lisa ! the other girl turn and squeal , horrify . girl eeeeewww ! a little buck -toothed red-haire girl shout out to the entire playground . red haire girl Lisa 's get grooty ! the playground erupt with scream and everyone turn and run away . Little gru be leave alone . crushed . int : girl ' bedroom - night gru come out of the flashback . gru scare ? of what ? woman ?! no , that 's bonker ! I just -- I have no interest in go on a date , that 's all . case close . I be not scared -- of woman ... or date ... let 's go to bed . gru give each girl a goodnight kiss . gru ( cont 'd ) goodnight , edith . then he go over to margo , who 's already in bed . gru ( cont 'd ) goodnight , margo . she continue texting as he give she a kiss . gru ( cont 'd ) whoa , whoa , whoa , whoa ! well , hold the horse . who be you texting ? margo no one . just my friend avery . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 19 . gru avery ... avery ? be that a girl 's name or a boy 's name ? margo do it matter ? gru no , no , it do not matter ... unless it 's a boy ! agnes I know what make you a boy . gru turn to agnes , concerned . gru uh...oooh ... you ...do ? agnes you bald head . gru nod , relieved . gru oh , yes ... agnes it 's really smooth . sometimes I stare at it and imagine a little chick pop out . peep peep peep . gru sigh and give she a kiss . gru goodnight , agnes . never get older . gru turn out the light and leave the room . int : lab - day gru ride the elevator tube down to he lab , pass minion in various stage of jelly make . a sign read , jelly testing area " have be hastily paste over a nuclear warning sign . a supervisor minion check he clipboard as the minion next to he steal a banana from he pocket . he turn , but the minion who steal the banana have hide it in he mouth . we see the end of the banana push out he cheek . supervisor minion hey , oh ! I banana ! despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 20 . the minion with the banana in he mouth shrug . a single apple be pass down a line of minion in the least efficient way possible . a few minion mash fruit in large vat ala " I Love Lucy . " one wear a bunch of fruit on he head like carmen miranda and sing the chiquita banana song . his supervisor come over and tell he to get back to work . the minion try to get out of the vat of fruit , but slip and fall down into a large test - tube fill with mashed fruit . then all of the mashed fruit be flushed down a large hole where it be injected into jelly jar pass by on a conveyor belt . the trap minion be injected into one of the jar . gru enter the lab and greet the minion . gru hey , Tim , nice haircut ! he point at Tim . gru ( cont 'd ) donnie , hang in there , baby ! it 's almost Friday . gru high - fives donnie as he approach Dr. nefario . gru ( cont 'd ) so , how 's today 's batch , Dr. nefario ? dr . nefario I develop a new formula which allow I to get every know kind of berry into one flavor of jelly . gru stick he finger in and taste the purple goo in the jar . make a disgust face , then attempt a smile . gru ( fake it ) that taste good ... ( gag ) Love the flavor of that ... dr . nefario it 's horrible , be not it ? despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 21 . gru no ! no ! oh , we be make great progress ! ( to the minion ) here , try some of this . he hand a jar to a minion , who try it . he gag ! another minion taste some and scrape it off he tongue . they smash the jar and all the minion run away , disgust . gru ( cont 'd ) whoa ... okay , just because everybody hate it do not mean it 's not good . Dr. nefario hang he head . dr . nefario listen , gru . there 's something I have be meaning to talk to you about for some time now . gru what ? what 's wrong ? dr . nefario ( clear he throat ) I miss be evil . sinister plot , large - scale crime ... it 's what I live for ! I mean , do not you think there 's more to we future than jelly ? gru well , I be also consider a line of jam ... dr . nefario um ... the thing be , gru ... ( deep breath ) I have have a offer of employment elsewhere . gru Dr. nefario ! come on , you be kid , right ? dr . nefario it 's a great opportunity for I , bigger lab , more evil , full dental ... Dr. nefario press a button and he stuff fold itself up into a travel suitcase . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 22 . Dr. nefario hang he head . gru stare back at he old friend . gru very well . let we give you the proper send -off . ( call off screen ) minion ! int : grus lab - later Seven minion be line up with seven fart gun . Dr. nefario sit in he scooter . gru the high honor award . to Dr. nefario for you year of service . the twenty - one fart gun salute ! fart ! fart ! fart ! Dr. nefario cough . his eye be water ( and not only from the smell ) . dr . nefario uh , I count twenty - two . Dave chuckle , guilty . Dr. nefario fire up the scooter . dr . nefario ( cont 'd ) farewell , my friend . the minion cry . Dr. nefario push another button on the scooter , transform it into fly mode . he gun the engine and it begin fly away . at the slowest pace possible . everyone just stand there awkwardly . dr . nefario ( cont 'd ) this may take a while . go about you business . everyone walk off . dr . nefario ( cont 'd ) I miss you already ! gru examine Lucy 's business card . make a decision . ext : grus house - night the shadow of a mysterious figure approach gru 's front door . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 23 . ext : grus foyer - night a minion wear a french maid 's outfit and sing as he vacuum the floor . the doorbell ring . the minion open the door to see who it be . french maid minion hello ? a shadow fall across the terrify minion as something unseen abduct he . ext : grus foyer - later the vacuum move back and forth across the floor by itself . another minion walk by wear a different maid outfit . he do not see the other minion and close the door . then he open it again , clean the doorknob , and close it . int : family room - day it 's morning at gru 's house . margo and agnes sit on the couch with a laptop . edith lean over the top of the couch , look on . agnes be you sure we should be do this ? margo yes , it 's for he own good . on the screen be a dating website ( create -a-date . net ) -- the girl be create a profile for gru . margo ( cont 'd ) okay , we need to choose a picture . margo click through picture of gru . each one be worse than the last . agnes no . click . agnes ( cont 'd ) scary . click . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 24 . edith weird . click . the next picture be of gru in a bathing suit . the girl react in horror . girl aaaaaah !!! margo cover agnes 's eye . agnes what be that ?! gru enter the family room . gru good morning , girl ! I have a announcement to make . margo hey , what celebrity do you look like ? gru ummm ... Bruce Willis . the girl stare at he blankly . margo mmmm ...no . agnes Humpty dumpty ! edith ooh , gollum ! the girl laugh . gru okay , what be you do ? agnes we be signing you up for online dating ! gru oh , okay ... what ?! no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no , no . gru grab the laptop away from the girl . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 25 . edith aw come on , it 's fun . margo and it 's time for you to get out there . gru no ! stop ! no one be ever get out there ! ever ! gru hand a minion the laptop , accidentally hit he in the face . gru ( cont 'd ) okay , now for the announcement : I have accept a new job . margo whoa--really ? gru yes , I have be recruit by a top secret agency to go undercover and save the world ! edith you be gonna be a spy ?! gru that 's right , baby ! gru 's back in the game ! with gadget and weapon and cool car ... the whole deal . edith awesome ! agnes look up at he in awe . agnes be you really gonna save the world ? gru look at agnes . gru yes . yes I be . he coolly put on a pair of sunglass . we pan to Dave mimick gru with a pair of sunglass . dave mocha ! despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 26 . and then to Kevin dress in a amish beard and tie . kevin cacao ! and then Stuart dress as a little girl with pigtail . stuart papadam ? ext : mall - day establish . int : mall - same gru come down the escalator wear the sunglass , with the three disguise minion behind he . Stuart get he dress catch in the escalator . it come off and he hide in a nearby pot plant . gru glance at a store call the " eagle hair club . " he then arrive at a charming , pink cupcake store . the sign read , " bake my day " gru frown and take off he sunglass . gru hm. " bake my Day . " blech . int : bake my day - continuous gru unlock the door and enter . jingle ! bell on the door ring . the inside be sugary and clean and quaint . gru take it all in . then turn to the minion . gru alright , here be the cupcake recipe I get off the internet . the minion excitedly grab the recipe and head for the kitchen . gru kick Stuart , who be still staggering around in the pot plant . gru ( cont 'd ) and do not go nut with the sprinkle ! gru be leave alone . he look around . see a bunny cupcake in a glass cake dish . then a shark cupcake in the next cake dish . and in the next dish he see Lucy 's head . she make a funny face . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 27 . gru scream , which cause Lucy to scream and jump up , hit she head on one of the shelf , send all of the cupcake fly . Lucy immediately go into action , use incredible and frankly weird - look martial art move to dispatch the cupcake as they fly toward she . lucy ha ! yaa ! ho! ooof ! Zaaa ! ay-ay - ay -ay - ay ! she successfully eliminate all of the cupcake , then turn to gru , out of breath . lucy ( cont 'd ) whoo . be not expect that . ( strike a martial art pose ) or be I ? gru have a cupcake stick to the top of he head , frosting side down . Lucy gesture as if he 's get a little food on he face . lucy ( cont 'd ) ooh ... you get ... you get ... a little ... the cupcake slowly slide down , then fall to the floor . it leave a long smear on gru 's face . lucy ( cont 'd ) here , I will -- I will get it . gru stand freeze as she try to clean he up . lucy ( cont 'd ) oh , that 's just spread ...um ... gru alright , alright . I get it . I get it !... stop it ! Lucy back off . lucy oh ! I will let you get it . gru sigh and wipe the frosting off he face . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 28. lucy ( cont 'd ) yeah , what you just see there be a little something new I have be work on . it 's a combination of jujitsu , krav maga , Aztec warfare , and krumping . gru okay , that 's weird -- why be you here ? lucy on assignment from silas . I be you new partner . yay ! gru what ?! no , no " yay . " ramsbottom do not say anything about a partner . lucy well , seem that because of you checker past , everyone else refuse to work with you . but not I . I step up . and I be new , so I kind of have to do what they tell I anyway . gru be about to respond when Dave the minion come out the kitchen door . he carry a cupcake in the shape of a minion . dave walla ! immediately Lucy move with lightning - quick reflex . she smashes he cupcake , flip he into the air , and pin he to the counter . Dave scream . lucy you know this guy ? gru yes , he 's one of my minion . lucy oh , I be sorry . I should have know . she release he . lucy ( cont 'd ) you be free to go . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 29 . Dave stare at Lucy . immediately smitten . a magical glow appear around she as romantic music play . we go into Dave 's fantasy . ext : beach - day - fantasy Dave and Lucy run along a beach together hand in hand . ext : field - day - fantasy Dave and Lucy have a romantic picnic together . they toast each other with champagne . Dave drink from the bottle . ext : bridge - night - fantasy Lucy and Dave sit on the railing of a moonlit footbridge . both fire rocket into the air to create firework and be about to kiss when -- gru ( v.o . ) Dave ... int : bake my day - day back to reality , where Dave be stare up at Lucy , lovestruck . gru Earth to Dave ! you can leave now . Dave go back into the kitchen , never take he eye off of Lucy . int : mall - day close on the giant cupcake on top of the cupcake shop . the cherry on the giant cupcake rotate , revealing a camera hide inside . vzzzzzt ! the lens zoom . gru ( o.s. ) now , what do we get ? who 's on the list ? Fire `em at I . int : bake my day - same gru and Lucy stand next to each other under a dome lamp lower from the ceiling . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 30 . Inside the dome of the lamp , gru and Lucy be uncomfortably close together look at a video screen . lucy first suspect ... hedda blumentoft , proprietor of mum 's the Word floral shop . the camera move over to mum 's the Word floral shop and hedda blumentoft . gru no . not she . lucy okay , move on ... the camera move over to the " stuff - a - bear " store . chuck kinney , a small perky man , hold up a empty teddy bear skin for a little boy . lucy ( cont 'd ) Chuck kinney , owner of " stuff - a - bear . " kinney shove the teddy bear 's butt onto a sharp metal tube . the bear inflate until it explode into a torrent of bear skin and stuff . the little boy cry . lucy ( cont 'd ) ooh . gru I do not think so . ding -a-ling -a-ling ! the bell ring on the cupcake shop 's front door , signal a customer . eduardo ( o.s. ) hello ? gru oh ! gru and Lucy quickly hide they equipment , look up and see eduardo PEREZ at the door . they try to act natural . eduardo Buenos dias , my friend ! I be eduardo Perez , owner of salsa &amp ; salsa Restaurant , across the mall . now open for breakfast . and you be ? despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 31 . gru gru. and this be Lucy . and we be close . eduardo this be just gonna take un momento . I be throw a big cinco de mayo party , and I be go to need two hundred of you best cupcake decorate with the mexican flag . it look something like this . he rip open he shirt , revealing a tattoo of the mexican flag on he chest . eduardo ( cont 'd ) what do you think ? he flexe and make it wave . gru hide he eye . gru look away ! Lucy stare at it . lucy you -- whoa ... hooo ... eduardo anyway , I have to go . it 's all settle ! I pick `em up next week ! have a good day . come by if you get a chance , okay ? he exit . gru groans , relieved . finally ! then eduardo pop back in . eduardo ( cont 'd ) and welcome to the mall family ! gru study eduardo 's face and gasp . he picture eduardo in a red luchador mask surround by flame . eduardo turn and leave . as soon as the door close -- gru ( whisper ) El macho . lucy what ? gru but it could not be ... despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 32 . lucy wha -- what ? what could not be ?? gru that guy look exactly like a villain name El macho . from about twenty year ago . ext : desert - day - flashback classic spaghetti western sepia-tone shot of El macho look menace . he look like the large Hispanic man from the mall , only young and wear a lucha libre outfit and mask ( a mask which look similar to the one gru imagine ) . El macho push the barkeep out of the way and grab a large bottle from behind the bar . gru ( v.o . ) he be ruthless . he be dangerous . and as the name imply , very macho . El macho pour himself a shot and then smashes the bottle over he own head . he reach down and pull up a rattlesnake from below the bar . he squeeze its head , squirting venom into the shot glass . he drink it down and then eat the glass . he stick the snake 's fang into a few dollar that he leave on the bar , before break through the wall behind he , leave a EL macho - shape hole . ext : STREET - day - flashback El macho head butt a armored truck and approach the passenger side window . gru ( v.o . ) he have a reputation for pull off heist use only he bare hand . when the armed guard look over he punch through the bullet - proof glass , knock they both out of the truck . then he lift the truck onto he back and run down the street with it . gru ( v.o . ) ah , but sadly , like all the great , El macho be go too soon . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 33. ext : sky - day - past a bird , fly in the air , be suddenly strike by a airplane . gru ( v.o. ) he die in the most macho way possible . El macho leap out of the plane riding a shark , a ton of dynamite strapped to he . he plummet toward the mouth of a active volcano . gru ( v.o. ) Riding a shark with 250 pound of dynamite strapped to he chest into the mouth of a active volcano . he pull two grenade from behind he back , yank the pin , and hold onto they as he plunge into the volcano . there be a massive explosion . gru ( v.o. ) it be glorious . int : bake my day - day Lucy stare at gru , confuse . lucy yeah , sound like El macho 's pretty dead ... gru they never find the body . oh no . all that be ever retrieve be a pile of singe chest hair . ( beat ) but ... that face . it have get to be El macho . Lucy get a excited look on she face . lucy then what do you say you and I break into he restaurant ? tonight . gru nod at Lucy 's invitation . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 34 . gru yes , that 's good , because I be tell you -- if anybody in this place have the px - 41 serum ... gru look out the window and point at eduardo riding up on the escalator , scratch he butt . gru ( cont 'd ) ... it 's he . int : girl ' bedroom - night gru enter and push the girl into they bed like a tour guide anxious to finish a tour . gru alright , alright , homework do , pajamas on , tooth brush , time for bed . margo what 's the big hurry ? gru I just ... I have a lot of work to do . edith work , what kind of work ? gru very important business . so ...hug , kiss ... ( hug and kiss they ) ... good night , sleep tight , do not let the bedbug blah- blah - blah - blah - blah -- gru turn to leave , but agnes be stand at the doorway . agnes but you say you would help I practice my part for the mother 's Day show ! gru look down at agnes ' puppy dog eye . he sigh . gru Fine , fine ... let I hear it . quickly . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 35 . int : grus family room - night on agnes . she give she line . agnes ( robotically ) she kiss my boo-boos she braid my hair my mother be beyond compare we love you , mother , everywhere ! gru frown . gru wow ! that be ... something else . I really like the way you smile at the end . let 's try this one more time , but a teensy bit less like a zombie , okay ? agnes okay . ( still monotone ) she kiss my boo-boos she braid my hair -- gru perfect ! time to go ! as he head for the door -- agnes I do not think I should do this . this stop gru. gru well , what do you mean ? why not ? agnes I do not even have a mom . ouch . but gru try not to let this affect he . gru well , you do not need one to do the show . I mean , you do the Veteran Day pageant and you have not be in combat . agnes look up at gru. agnes this be different . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 36 . gru okay , well , then ... maybe you can just use you imagination . agnes you mean I pretend I have a mom ? gru yes , right . you can do that , can not you ? agnes smile . agnes yeah ! I do that all the time ! thanks , gru ! she give he a kiss and run off . gru watch she go , deep in think . int : rec room - night two minion raise they ice cream sundae and clink they together ! minion hey ! pull back to reveal many minion sing and dance . we move through the crowd , pass by the mace - wield minion with he helmet still backwards and a smaller server minion with a tray of ice cream sundae in mug . we cut up to the rafter , where more minion be dance and sing in formation , jump and hopping all over the place in elaborate dance routine . back on the floor , three arm - in - arm minion take the chorus . one of they clearly have have one too many sundae be be hold up by the other two . another minion try to carry empty mug down a spiral staircase , but he 's knock off by a bunch of minion run up the other way . several minion sit around a communal bowl of ice cream , lazily sip at it through long straw . gru enter and take it all in . other minion raid a ice cream cart , hang from the canopy , drink directly from the spout . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 37 . gru alright , hey , hey -- no , no , no , no ! hey , please ! the minion stop sing . gru ( cont 'd ) Kevin , Jerry , watch the girl for I , okay ? ( point ) Dave , Stuart - - come this way . with I ! come on ! Dave downs a jar of maraschino cherries and spray whip cream into he mouth before run after they , with a toothpick umbrella in he mouth for good measure . gru ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) come on ! once they be go , the minion go back to sing and laugh . int : girl ' bedroom - night margo , edith and agnes be fast asleep in they bed . Kevin and Jerry sing they a lullaby . then smile and quietly close the door . int : hallway - same Kevin hold up a golf ball . Jerry happily jump up and down . kevin hey , putt-putt ? jerry oh ! int : live room - later Jerry put the tee and ball in he mouth as Kevin stand on a dresser , prepare to take a swing . he ask Jerry if he 's ready and Jerry give a thumb up . kevin una , doo -- ( laugh as he lower the golf club to Jerry 's head ) despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 38 . crash ! clang ! a noise come from the backyard . the minion exchange look . what be that ? ext : backyard - night Kevin and Jerry step out into the yard and look around nervously , armed only with the golf club and tee . kevin boca ! jerry ( scared ) boca ! they walk over to the garbage can . the can begin to rattle . Kevin and Jerry scream as a cat pop up from one of the can . the cat meow . Kevin laugh at he and imitate Jerry 's scared face . kevin looka too ! Jerry slap he . Kevin slap he back . they start to slap fight until -- a spotlight come down from above , lighting up the terrify minion . before they can scream ... woosh ! Jerry be suck up into the air as if be abduct by alien . Kevin grab onto a flower , and then the cat to try and anchor himself down , but they both fly up into the air . the light go out . a few second later the light come back on and drop the cat back down . it turn off again and the minion be go . ext : mall - night the mall be dark and the parking lot be empty , except for two minion and Lucy 's car . int : mall - same a lone security guard walk through the dark mall , listen to music on he headphone . he pass by eduardo 's salsa &amp ; salsa . shine he light inside . all clear . he move on . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 39 . once the guard be go , a floor tile be move aside and gru peek out . after make sure the coast be clear , gru call down . gru ( whisper ) we be stealth ninjas . we make no sound . lucy right. gotcha . int : eduardo' salsa &amp ; salsa - later Lucy kick the door open . she enter . gru react . gru alright , El macho , you be go down . but before gru take a step , Lucy stop he . lucy wait ! wait ! gru what ? she produce a spray can and spray the air in front of she . gru frown . gru ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? lucy I be check for laser beam alarm triggers . gru it 's a restaurant ! lucy you never know what kind of booby trap this guy could have set . huh ? c'mon ! gru there be no booby trap ! gru take a step and kick a tripwire attach to a tiny bell . ting -a-ling ! Lucy point to the bell . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 40 . lucy ha ! booby ! Lucy gasp as a door begin to creak open . she hide behind gru. a tiny chicken hop out . it cluck . Lucy be confuse . lucy ( cont 'd ) oh . there 's a chicken . be you lose little guy ? you must be lose ! gru ha ! some guard dog . suddenly , the chicken leap into the air and land on gru , peck he bald head . gru ( cont 'd ) aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaiiiigh ! gru run in circle , try to get the chicken off . gru ( cont 'd ) get it off of I ! get it off of I ! get it off of I ! gru scream as the chicken go up he shirt and burst out of he sweater through the chest , " alien " - style . he grab it . gru ( cont 'd ) I get you ! it peck he on the head , escape , and continue to attack he . Lucy think fast and grab a tablecloth from a table . she lunge and cover the chicken with the table cloth . lucy I get it ! ha ! she tighten the tablecloth around gru 's neck , trapping the chicken and gru 's head inside . a muffle scream come from under the table cloth and Lucy realize what she 's do . gru run around try to get the tablecloth off he head . Lucy do a karate flip / body slam on gru and the chicken . she remove the table cloth . gru 's head have be replace by the chicken ! lucy ( cont 'd ) ha ! despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 41 . she go to karate chop the chicken , but it fly off and she hit gru in the face instead . lucy ( cont 'd ) oh ! the chicken regroup , cluck , and attack . Lucy act fast and press a button on she watch , squirting foam onto the chicken . fssssssht ! the foam instantly harden into a glass ball around the chicken . only its head stick out . it wobble back and forth like a weeble . Lucy turn to gru . gru ( daze ) ugh ... lucy what be wrong with that chicken ? ( beat ) hey , that pollo ? es loco . gru be unimpress . lucy ( cont 'd ) ( notice gru 's wound ) no ? okay , let 's go . int : kitchen - continuous gru and Lucy step into the kitchen . Lucy pull out a high - tech scanning device and aim it around the kitchen . gru you get anything ? lucy no . not yet . but hey , maybe you can find something with this x- ray goggle . Lucy produce a pair of high tech goggle . gru shake he head . gru ( skeptically ) bah ... gru put they on and look around the kitchen . we now see the room from he x-ray Pov . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 42. lucy ( o.s. ) how're they work ? tell I , tell I ! gru turn to Lucy and see she as a skeleton . gru ahh ! ooof ! lucy what 's wrong ? something wrong ? gru oh , that 's a image I will never get out of my brain . blagh ! gru make a face , disturb . then quickly turn away and spot something behind a painting on the wall ... a safe . see something inside it --a metal canister . smile . gru ( cont 'd ) I know it ! he go to the wall and remove the painting , revealing the safe . gru ( cont 'd ) the serum be in here ! lucy ooh , then let 's get it ! he produce a safe - cracking device and place it over the combination wheel . light blink and it go to work . gru ( gleefully giggle ) oh , this be go to be good ! ahh ... click . the safe open , revealing - - a jar of salsa ( " eduardo ' S secret recipe " ) . gru ( cont 'd ) a-ha ! ( register it 's not the serum ) what ? it 's ... salsa ? lucy ( disappointed ) awww man . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 43. int : restaurant - same eduardo enter the restaurant . sense something be not right . frown angrily . eduardo oh ... somebody 's go to die tonight . he cautiously walk through the restaurant . see the chicken in the ball of cement . gasp . eduardo ( cont 'd ) pollito ! eduardo run over to pollito and pick he up . eduardo ( cont 'd ) what would they do to you ? pollito ? can you hear I ? pollito boc ! eduardo who would do this to such a sweet little chicken ? what ? who 's there ? his eye darken . int : kitchen - same gru and Lucy , who be ravenously eat the delicious salsa with chip , turn to the door . uh-oh . int : restaurant - same eduardo , carry the chicken , make he way to the kitchen . grab a large knife off of a table . eduardo you come out ?! or be I gonna go in ?! int : kitchen - same gru and Lucy react to hearing eduardo 's voice . gru pull a laser cutter out of he jacket . aim it at the ceiling . tweeee ! the laser fire , cut a hole in the ceiling . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 44 . int : restaurant - same eduardo approach the kitchen , brandish the knife . ready to confront any intruder . he shove open the door and see chip and the salsa container sit in the open wall safe . int : kitchen - continuous eduardo enter the room , just in time to see a pair of leg disappear into the ceiling . eduardo stop ! Lucy quickly pop down and hit he in the eye with she foam - shoot watch . eduardo ( cont 'd ) my eye ! he rub he eye , drop the chicken and crack its encasement . int : mall - same Lucy and gru quickly run through the mall . lucy gru , call one of you munchkin ! gru produce a communicator and call into it . gru we have be spot ! come get we ! int : lucy car - same one minion sit on the hood of the car . the other lean against a tire , toothpick in he mouth . dave huh ? ( to the other minion ) hey ! loo-koo-meow-plah ! stuart ah ! koom-kwat ! despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 45 . int : mall - same smash ! the car crash through the glass door and speed through the mall . they crash into a bunch of clean supplies be push by a janitor . gru and Lucy watch they from the balcony above . lucy hm. subtle . they both run over to meet the car at the escalator . the car head for the escalator . as they reach the bottom , gru and Lucy realize the minion be about to go up the other one ! gru over here , over here ! over ... here . too late . the minion shake as they go up the bumpy stair . once they reach the top they take a leave and start drive in circle around the balcony . gru pull out a grapple hook and aim for the balcony railing . gru ( cont 'd ) ( grab Lucy ) hold tight ! they shoot up and land right back where they start - at salsa &amp ; salsa ! the minion zoom by in the car and gru sigh in exasperation . just then , eduardo emerge from the restaurant with fire in he eye and a knife in he hand . eduardo produce many more knive and head straight for they . eduardo I have you now ! bam ! eduardo be strike unconscious by Lucy 's car . just in time . Lucy open the car door . one of the minion hold a toothpick in he hand and lean on the steering wheel , seductively . dave rawr , rawr ! the other minion revs the engine suggestively . eduardo start to wake up . the car zoom past he . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 46 . ext : mall dome - same crash ! Lucy 's car plummet towards the ground . gru scream hysterically , but Lucy just hit a button and the car transform into a jet . they fly off into the night sky . ext : grus neighborhood - morning it 's a beautiful morning . a ice cream truck make its way down the street ( play the song the minion be sing earlier ) . it stop and a couple of child run to meet it . Stuart open gru 's front door , have hear the commotion . two other minion approach as well . Stuart spot the ice cream truck and point to it , excited . stuart oh ! oh! gelato ! and then suddenly a mob of minion appear run for the ice cream truck alongside the group of child . the minion shove the child aside and clamor around the truck hold out they money . minion gelato ! gelato ! gelato ! Stuart push himself to the top of the unruly pack and try to maintain order . stuart stopa ! stopa !! a hush come over the minion . stuart ( cont 'd ) ( knock on the truck ) hey -ho ! gelato ! suddenly the ice cream cone on top of the truck transform into a large tube and extend itself above the minion . Stuart offer the tube a wad of cash and attempt to order gelato , but the it begin sucking the minion into it . zup ! zup ! zup ! one by one the minion ( dozen of they , include the minion with he head still trap in the jelly jar ) be suck into the truck until there be only one leave . he try to make a break for it , but the truck lower a popsicle in front of he . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 47 . he lick it , he tongue stick , and he be yank back into the ice cream cone . the it close and the truck drive away . the child look on puzzle . ext : paradise mall - day the hole that Lucy 's car crash through last night have be patch with plywood board . int : paradise mall - day pull back to reveal that gru be inside a garbage can disguise . next to he be Lucy , also in a garbage can disguise , use binocular . lucy ( o.s. ) all right , there he be . suspect # 8 : floyd eaglesan . binoculars Pov floyd eaglesan attempt to entice a customer to visit he business , Eagle Hair Club . gru oh. okay . lucy see if you can get closer . go...go . gru quickly stand up , revealing he leg , and take several step toward Eagle Hair Club . floyd look over he shoulder , and gru stop . floyd enter Eagle Hair Club and gru inch closer . gru alright , what do -- binoculars Pov suddenly a man approach the trash can with a steaming cup of coffee . the binocular readout say " warning ! extremely hot . " gru ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) oh no . that 's not good . the man go to throw the coffee in the trash and we see gru 's leg pop out from beneath the can . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 48. the man look confuse and try again . gru dodge and take off run . the man chase after he . gru accidentally knock into a bent-over woman 's rear end . insulted , she turn around , see the man with the coffee , and slap he across the face . unfortunately , gru do not see the escalator ahead and go tumble down the move stair . crash ! bang ! clang ! finally , gru pop out of the trash can and land at the bottom of the escalator with a thud ! flat on he face , he hear a familiar voice call out . agnes ( o.s. ) hey gru ! gru look up and see margo , edith and agnes . gru oh! Girls ! what be you do here ? margo well , we think we would come visit you at work . ( look at gru and the trash can ) so , you be save the world in a garbage can ? gru ( sarcastically ) ha , ha , ha , ha , ha ... funny . Lucy arrive on the scene , join they . lucy hey , there you be . oh , who 's this ? gru Lucy , this be my girl , margo , edith and agnes . Girls , Lucy . Lucy , girl . margo hello . edith hi. agnes gaze lovingly at Lucy . a magical glow appear around Lucy , who smile back . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 49 . agnes be you single ? lucy oh! goodness ... gru , immediately uncomfortable , clap he hand together . gru oh ! hey ! I have a idea ! since Lucy and I have lot of work to do , why do not you girl go and explore the mall ! gru quickly shuffles the girl away from Lucy , try to get out of the uncomfortable situation . gru pull out he wallet . gru ( cont 'd ) here be some money . go buy some useless mall junk ! some headband , and -- agnes be you gonna marry Lucy ? gru be you out of you gourd ? no ! she just work with I . agnes plus you love she . ( sing ) you love she , you love she , you really really love she , and you be gonna get marry , and I will be the flower girl , and -- gru okay , stop ! that be a song of lie . I do not even like she ! ( point to mall ) now go have fun ! gru sigh . the girl run off , but quickly return to hug gru . agnes almost forget ! hug ! margo good luck save the world . bye ! agnes bye , gru ! despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 50 . Lucy watch the group hug . smile . gru head back over to Lucy , embarrassed by agnes . gru ha , ha , ha ! kid ... right ? they're ... funny . lucy that girl totally adore you . I bet you be a fun dad . gru huh . ( beat ) I be pretty fun . int : shopping mall - day the girl be at the mall fountain . agnes have she eye close and a very intense look on she face , as if she 's really concentrate on something . there be something in she tightly clench fist . she toss a penny . then open she eye , wait for she wish to come true . then edith emerge from the water wear a diving mask and snorkel , hand full of coin . agnes be that steal ? edith not if my wish be that I would get a lot of free coin . margo be busy texting . then something offscreen catch she eye . it 's a boy . this be ANTONIO . suave , cool , and a bit dangerous . we watch in slow motion as he stroll behind the fountain , and then disappear in its spraying water . margo look for Antonio . back into the fountain and nearly fall into it . margo whoa ! Antonio catch she . ANTONIO cool glass . margo chuckle nervously . he help she back up . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 51 . ANTONIO ( cont 'd ) I be Antonio . margo I be ... margo . ANTONIO I be just go to get a cookie . Care to join I ? margo uh , sure . I be ... margo . they begin walk away together , then margo be remind of she sister when edith loudly clear she throat . margo ( cont 'd ) um ... I will catch up with you guy later . bye ! she turn and run after Antonio . edith can I be the first to say ... ewwww ! agnes grab edith and shake she . agnes we gotta go tell gru ! ext : eagle hair club - day gru approach Eagle Hair Club . gru all right , I be go in . lucy ( in headphone ) if it pick up any trace of the serum the sensor in you belt buckle -- gru activate the high - tech scan device on he belt buckle . int : bake my day - same Lucy be in the cupcake shop monitoring the scan device result . she can hear he and see from he Pov . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 52 . lucy -- will make a sound like this -- mee - mo-mee-mo-mee-mo !!! gru ( annoyed ) okay ! I get it ! I get it ! int : eagle hair club - same gru fumble with the automatic door , then enter Eagle Hair Club . floyd ( o.s. ) ( chuckle ) welcome to Eagle Hair Club . at the reception desk , a large chair shape like a eagle spin around . sitting in the chair be floyd , look sinister and petting a furry object that look like a cat . floyd ( cont 'd ) it 's about time you show up ... Mr. gru. his pet bald eagle perch next to he squawks . gru you ... know my name ? floyd ( chuckle ) when someone move into the mall who be follically challenge , I make it my business to know all about they . you be bald . and that be bad . he stroke the furry object . kiss it . then place it on a mannequin head . it 's a toupee . floyd ( cont 'd ) there you go , my sweet . int : bake my day - same Lucy monitor the chem - tracking device from inside the shop . lucy I be get nothing so far . I think you need to move around . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 53. int : eagle hair club - same gru listen in on the headphone . he step over to a wall on which hang a painting of floyd fly with eagle . gru wow , this look interesting . what be it ? gru thrust he hip at the painting . floyd watch he , suspicious . floyd I take it you be a art lover ? lucy ( in headphone ) no serum . gru yeah , not so much . he walk over to a podium with a trophy . he thrust he hip at that , too . gru ( cont 'd ) oh , how about this impressive trinket ? floyd I would hardly call it a trinket , Mr. gru. lucy ( in headphone ) nothing . floyd the International -- gru yeah , I do not care . floyd grumble in frustration . gru move to a shelf fill with wig sample . he straddle it . lucy ( in headphone ) mee-mo-mee-mo-mee-mo !!! hold on . I be pick up something ! behind that wall ! despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 54 . gru ah ! and what do we have here ? floyd grab a sample . floyd this be my trial wig . ( hold out wig to gru ) you should take one . gru stick he head into the shelf to investigate . gru no thanks . so what 's on the other side of the wall ? floyd here you be ! look at I ! focus ! lucy ( in headphone ) gru ? floyd I promise that this wig will transform you from ugly to irresistible . gru stare at the wig . clearly get catch up in what floyd 's say . gru be about to respond when suddenly edith and agnes burst in , out of breath . agnes margo have a boyfriend ! edith and they 're go on a date ! gru stare at they . gru date ??? boyfriend ??? ( yell at floyd ) what ??? floyd shrug . int : shopping mall - day gru , edith and agnes race across the mall . then agnes point over to the salsa restaurant as margo and Antonio walk in . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 55 . agnes there she go ! int : eduardo' salsa &amp ; salsa - day gru enter to see margo and Antonio sit together in the back of the restaurant together . margo laugh at something Antonio say . margo oh , you be so funny ... edith Gross ! look , they be in love ! this word hit gru like a smack in the face . gru oh , no , no , no ! do not say that they be ... no no no , no ! he storm in . edith and agnes follow . ANTONIO ( o.s. ) ... and my dream be to one day play video game for a live . margo wow . you be so complicated . gru storm over to margo . attempt a smile . gru margo . what be go on here ? margo oh ! gru , se llama Antonio . I llamo margo . gru I llama- lama-d - do , who care . let 's go . salsa music begin to play and a curtain open across the room . woosh ! someone leap out , spin like a tornado , then land in the middle of the restaurant with a flourish . it 's eduardo . margo whoa ! everyone in the restaurant cheer . gru frown . not this guy ! despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 56 . the music continue and eduardo dance across the floor and out into the mall where he grab a pass shopper and pull she into the restaurant . the confuse woman hold on for the ride as eduardo twirl and dance she all around the floor . he dip she and she melt , as do all of the woman watch . eduardo gaze into the woman 's eye and produce a business card . eduardo kid eat free on tuesday . the woman grab the business card from he hand with she tooth . then eduardo fling she across the floor and she twirl back out into the mall where she knock over she confuse husband . then the song come to a end and eduardo strike a final pose . everyone in the studio cheer . girl yeah ! wahoo ! cool ! awesome ! everyone except gru. eduardo walk over to he and give he a big warm hug . eduardo so good to see you again , mis compadre ! gru try to get out of the hug as quickly as he can . ANTONIO oh , I see you have already meet my father . gru what the -- Father ?! eduardo si! look at this crazy small world we live in , eh ? come , sit , let I get you something . gru look down and see eduardo 's chicken glaring at he . it squawks . it 's unsettle . gru oh ... look at you . eduardo scoops the chicken up . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 57 . gru ( cont 'd ) ( nervous ) haha . he like I ! gru try to pet the chicken but pollito lunge at he . eduardo oh , oh , I be sorry , pollito be usually very friendly . ( cradling pollito ) he have a rough night . the chicken stare relentlessly . gru chuckle nervously . gru well , we really should be go . Girls , come on . gru try to gather the girl , but eduardo stop he , push Antonio and margo closer together . eduardo that be a pity . Young love be beautiful , no ? gru no ! ( chuckle nervously ) you know , they be not in love . they hardly know each other ! eduardo suddenly light up , have a idea . eduardo you be right , cabeza de huevo ! they must get to know each other better . Antonio , why do not you invite you girlfriend and she family to we cinco de mayo party ? gru no , no , I be -- girl si! the girl be all thrilled at this , as be Antonio . as if on cue , music begin play and they all begin dance together . Antonio take margo 's hand and twirl she across the floor . gru stare at Antonio with a look that could kill . a waiter come by to give gru a party drink , and he promptly crush the glass with he bare hand . his eye twitches . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 58 . int : avl headquarters - night gru and Lucy sit across from silas at headquarters . silas I be sorry , El macho ? have not we eliminate he as a suspect ? after the whole salsa incident ? gru yes , but there have be a new development , and I be tell you , this be the guy . you need to arrest he immediately . and he deviously charming son . I be pretty sure that the son be involved , too . the son also . you have get to get the son . gru approach silas . gru ( cont 'd ) ( whisper ) I think that the son be the mastermind . there 's a look . there 's a devilish look in he eye and I do not like it ! silas yes , but I do not really see any evidence for -- gru evidence schmevidence ! I go with my gut , and my gut tell I that this guy be El macho ! lock he up ! lock up the son . do not forget about the son . the kid give I the creep ! silas take a deep breath and rub he temple . silas oh dear , oh dear , oh dear ... Lucy jump in , try to save the situation . lucy uh , but , on the less ... ( whistle ) ... " crazy " side of thing , uh , gru discover trace of the serum at Eagle Hair Club . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 59 . silas hm ... interesting ... lucy yeah , and you know who make that happen ? huh ? ( point to gru ) this guy . naile it . amazing , right ? gru no . I mean , sure , but it 's not he . it be ... ( whisper ) ... El macho . silas Mr. gru. please -- gru no . it be he ! and I will prove it ! and gru storm out . lucy ( call after he ) gru , c'mon ! once he 's go , silas give Lucy a look . lucy ( cont 'd ) ( laugh nervously ) he really think it 's El macho . can you tell ? silas be not amused . ext : beach - day the minion with the popsicle stick to he tongue wake up on a beach , disorient . he slowly sit up -- -- and see hundred of minion party ! this be where all the abduct minion be take ! there be minion sit at a tiki bar , be tend by a bartender minion ... ... the french may minion and a ukelele - play minion be dance in the sand . they wave at he ... despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 60 . meanwhile , Jerry approach the popsicle minion with two bananas . he give he one , do a Hawaiian dance with the other , then run off for the water . popsicle minion tear off he overall and follow suit . popsicle minion koonga ! the popsicle minion , now nude , run across the sand and jump into a clear , blue ocean . we pull back to reveal that unbeknownst to any of the minion , this be all happen inside a large terrarium , and they be be watch by a mysterious figure in silhouette . int : family room - day gru sit with he laptop . he 's on the evillain site . he click through various image of El macho . edith chase Kevin , who have the wig in he mouth . a minion set a stack of magazine on the coffee table . then " you be no longer connected to the internet " appear on gru 's screen . he grimace and call out . gru Kevin , the wi-fi 's out ! Kevin ? he look to the minion at the coffee table . gru ( cont 'd ) hey , lance ! where the heck be Kevin ? the minion just shrug and walk away . gru ( cont 'd ) alright , we need to revisit the number of vacation day you guy get . I can not find anybody anymore ! ding -dong ! someone 's at the door . gru turn to it . jillian ( o.s. ) gru ! it 's jillian ! gru pretend to shoot himself . jillian ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) I have get good news ! despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 61 . ext : grus house - same jillian and she artificially beautiful friend shannon stand outside on gru 's porch . Shannon text on she phone , look bored . jillian I have my friend Shannon here with I ! I be think you two could get some grub , you know , tear it up ! see what happen ! int : grus house - continuous jillian ( o.s. ) uhh , open up ! he see agnes walk by , sing softly and play with she unicorn . he whisper-shouts to she . gru agnes ! agnes ! tell jillian I be not here ! agnes turn to the door . agnes gru 's not here ! jillian be you sure ? agnes yes ! he just tell I ! gru , panic , shake he head and wag he finger . agnes ( cont 'd ) I mean no , he do not just tell I ! jillian ( laugh ) agnes -- where be gru ? gru make the " zip you lip " gesture . agnes he 's put on lipstick ! gru wave he arm . agnes ( cont 'd ) he 's swatting at fly ! despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 62. gru wave he hand around he throat , make a " cut it off " gesture . agnes ( cont 'd ) he 's ... chopping he head off ! gru clenches he fist and grunt in frustration . agnes ( cont 'd ) he 's ... poop ? outside , jillian and Shannon look confuse . jillian ( o.s. ) I know you be in there , gru ! there 's no way you be get out of this ! Kyle enter the room , carry the bag with the wig in he mouth . ext : restaurant - night establish . int : restaurant - same Shannon sit at a table talk to gru , who 's offscreen . a waiter drop off a plate of spaghetti . shannon I have to tell you , I be so nervous about tonight . I mean there 's just so many phony out there ! CUT to gru sit across from she . wearing a ridiculous wig from floyd . and look extremely uncomfortable . gru yes , I hear you . ( awkwardly laugh ) shannon oh , so do you work out ? gru well ... shannon I mean , obviously , you do not , but would you consider it ? huh ? ( more ) despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 63. shannon ( cont 'd ) physical fitness be very important to Shannon . as you can tell , right ? huh ? Shannon drop to the floor and start do push-up . gru ah. I can tell . shannon ( mid-push - up ) solid . she switch to one - armed push-up . gru we be in a restaurant , you know . gru look even more uncomfortable . just then Lucy ( unseen by gru ) enter the restaurant . she approach the hostess . lucy hi. takeout for Lucy ? hostess sure , just a sec . the hostess leave . Lucy look around and then spot gru. see he with the wig and Shannon who be now do crunch on the floor . Lucy narrow she eye , then have a idea . she press a button on she watch , which transform into a high tech eavesdropping device , and put it in she ear . now she 's able to hear gru and Shannon talk . she watch they , intrigue . Shannon have return to she seat . shannon you accent be so exotic . gru ah. well , thank you very much . I be -- shannon I know someone who can fix that for you . and you will be talk normal in no time . gru be start to sweat . gru hahaha . hoooo . be it hot in here ? oof . how 's the food ? despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 64 . he wipe he brow and accidentally shift the wig on he head . Shannon stare at gru 's hair . shannon wait a minute . wait a minute . be you wear a wig ? gru ( really sweat it ) what ? ah ! ( readjust the wig ) I do not think so . shannon I know it . you be a phony . I hate phony . gru oh. what ? no . this lock be all mine ... shannon no they be not ! you know what I be gonna do ? I be gonna rip that thing off you head and show everyone what a bald - head phony you be . lucy I do not think so , miss Lady . Lucy press a button on she watch and a target sight pop out . gru watch in horror as Shannon reach across the table for the wig . quickly Lucy press another button on she watch which fire a mini -dart gun at Shannon . plip . the mini-dart go into Shannon 's butt , knock she out instantly . and save gru from certain humiliation . gru stare at the now sleep Shannon , confuse . gru hello ... hello , be you ...? lucy ( o.s. ) hey , gru. gru quickly remove the wig . gru hello , Lucy , how you doin ' ...? despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 65 . lucy ( notice Shannon ) wow , look like you date 's out for the count . it 's like she 's be shot with a mild moose tranquilizer . Shannon moan like a moose , then pass out again . lucy ( cont 'd ) ( wink ) yeah , I be winking `cuz that 's what actually happen . a italian waiter approach . italian waiter ( be : Shannon ) ` scusi , whassa happenin ' here ? she no like ? lucy oh , she 's just uh -- ( make drink gesture ) the waiter nod and leave . italian waiter ( laugh ) oh , oh , si , si ... Lucy turn to gru. lucy shall we take she home ? ext : restaurant - night gru and Lucy carry a unconscious Shannon out of the restaurant . her head get stick in the swinging door on the way out . they try to dislodge she and accidentally end up throw she headfirst into a lamp post . they pick she up between they , weekend at bernie 's -style . they wave to a pass cop . the cop tip he hat . ext : suburban STREET - later gru and Lucy get in she car . but it 's cramped with Shannon in there too . she do not really fit . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 66 . ext : suburban STREET - later Lucy 's car drive down the street . gru and Lucy now have plenty of room in the car . we boom up to see that Shannon have be strapped to the roof like a deer . ext : shannon' house - night gru and Lucy arrive at Shannon 's house . Lucy come to a abrupt stop and Shannon fly off the roof and slam into the car in front of they . ext : shannon' house - later gru and Lucy sit on the front step of Shannon 's house . lucy well , I think you do it . you just officially have the worst date ever . gru huh , tell I about it . lucy do not worry -- it can only get better from here , right ? but if it do not , you can always borrow my dart gun . I have have to use it on one or two date myself . gru yeah , you know , as far as date go , I think I be good with just the one . gru and Lucy exchange look . he chuckle nervously . time to go . lucy well , good night , partner . she pat he shoulder and walk toward she car . gru get up to walk beside she . lucy ( cont 'd ) this be fun . gru yes . surprisingly , it be . lucy oh , and uh , just between you and I ? you look much better bald . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 67 . they smile at each other , and she give he a peck on the cheek and walk away . lucy ( cont 'd ) see you tomorrow ! gru smile a big smile . Shannon slump over on the porch behind he . could he be ... fall in love ? int : grus bedroom - same riiiing ! gru 's alarm clock go off . he reach out and turn it off . ready to greet the day . int : shower - day gru happily wash in the shower , act out a puppet show with he rubber ducky . gru quack ! quack ! quack ! int : bathroom - day gru brushes he tooth with two toothbrush . he jokingly arrange they in he mouth like walrus tusk , then bark like a seal . int : kitchen - day heart-shaped pancakes be serve to the girl sit at the table . edith make a face at get hers . agnes yeah ! margo so I take it the date go well ? gru no ! it be horrible ! he laugh gleefully . the girl exchange look . what ? then he skip out of the room , dance with a minion in the kitchen . agnes 's face light up . yes ! despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 68. ext : STREET - day gru make he way to work - - on foot : -- he stroll down the sidewalk . -- he pass a mailman and give he a high five . gru High -five ! then a policeman , with whom he exchange mime gunfire . then a nun , with whom he bump rump . gru ( cont 'd ) bump it . see something offscreen , gru gasp . -- he stop traffic so a happy family of duck can cross the street . -- he play ultimate frisbee with a bunch of college kide , balance the spin disc on he pointy nose . -- he join a group of old lady do tai chi . -- he " air " drum with a couple of bucket drummer on the curb . -- he pick a flower , then walk by a man and a woman sit alone with they back to each other at a cafe . he quickly turn they chair around so they find each other and hand the man the flower for the woman . they smile and gru go he merry way . int : shopping mall - day gru continue happily dance through the mall on he way to the cupcake shop . he shimmy with a fat woman on the escalator , then gap and stop suddenly upon see Eagle Hair Club close . the music abruptly end . gru see silas speak with a avl agent . gru approach he . gru ( confuse ) Mr. ramsbottom ? silas oh , hello . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 69 . gru what be you do here ? silas we get he . gru get who ? silas floyd eaglesan ! we agent locate a secret room in he shop last night , and uh , discover this ! he snap he finger and a avl agent hand he a metal canister in a ziploc bag . silas hold it up . silas ( cont 'd ) it 's empty , but we find trace of the px - 41 serum in it . he 's we man . so somehow , in spite of you incompetence , we solve this one . two avl agent carry floyd away in handcuffs . floyd I be frame ! you will not get away with this ! get you mitt off of I ! I be a legitimate businessman ! gru turn back to silas . he be stunne by this . gru ah. alright . so ... what now ? silas well , now you be free to go back to you " business . " mmmm . jam and jelly . and it look like agent wilde will be transfer to we Australian branch . gru ( in shock ) Australia ...? silas yes . but thank you -- for everything . and by everything of course I mean ... nothing . ( beat ) toodle pip and cheerio , Mr. gru. despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 70 . silas walk away to join the avl agent . gru stare blankly , sadly . and then Lucy approach he . lucy hey there . gru hey . lucy so ...we get he . gru yay . that 's great . ( beat ) and now you be go to Australia ? lucy well , it 's not definite yet . still figure it out . already be work on my accent . ( Australian accent ) wallaby . diggeri-doo . Hugh jackman . ( beat ) so ...um . pretty excited ... gru great . well ... good luck . lucy thanks . you too . ( remember ) oh. here . I want to give you this . she hold out she lipstick taser . gru you lipstick taser ? lucy yeah , it 's just a memento . just , you know , from the first time we meet . gru oh . thank you , Lucy . gru accept the lipstick taser . silas ( o.s. ) agent wilde ! despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 71 . Lucy ignore this and just wait , not want to leave . she and gru stand there awkwardly . gru well ... it look like they need you , so ... lucy yeah , I uh , I better go . bye , gru. and she leave gru . he stand there . completely miserable . ext : STREET - day gru walk back home , completely depressed . walk past the college kid play frisbee . catch the frisbee and toss it down the sewer . walk past the group of bucket drummer . as he pass he kick one of the bucket . walk past the old lady do tai chi . as they balance on one leg he push they all and they all fall over . ext : grus house - night it 's pour rain . gru sit alone outside he house . miserable . and then a umbrella approach he . it look like it 's travel on its own . but when it get closer it lift up , revealing agnes . agnes I bring you a umbrella . gru take the umbrella and agnes join he . they both huddle under it . gru ah , thank you . agnes what be you do out here ? gru remember when you say that I like Lucy ? well , it turn out ... you be right . agnes 's face light up . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 72 . agnes really ? gru yes , but ... well , she 's move away . ( sadly ) I be never go to see she again . agnes 's face fall . all she hope and dream shattered . but she try to encourage gru. agnes be there anything I can do to help ? gru oh , I do not -- I do not think so , sweetheart . agnes well , be there anything you could do ? gru think . int : grus office - day gru be on the phone . gru " hello , Lucy . this be gru . I know up to this point we relationship have be strictly professional , and you be leave for Australia and all , but ... " ( struggle to get it out ) okay , here be the question . " would you like to -- to go out on a date ? " pull back to reveal Dave the minion stand across from gru , pretend to be on a cell phone on the other end of the line . and wear a red-haired wig . he shrug . dave eh , no . gru okay , that 's not help . he hang up . gru ( cont 'd ) all right . here we go . for real this time . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 73. he stare at Lucy 's card . then turn to the phone . it 's a stand -off . he do stretch and calisthenics to psych himself up . he sigh . gru ( cont 'd ) I can do this . he stare down the phone again . it sit there , taunting he . we cut back and forth between gru and the phone , until finally -- gru ( cont 'd ) agh ! I hate you ! he produce a flamethrower and burn up the phone . Dave dive out of the way . gru ( cont 'd ) ( satisfied ) ah. riiiiiing !!! the FIRE alarm go off . chop ! suddenly axe chop through the wall . several minion in firemen' gear enter . another minion imitate a siren through a bullhorn . siren minion beedo ! beedo ! beedo ! beedo ! one continue chopping everything in sight with he axe , then chop he way right through the wall of the house and fall outside . another minion bring in a massive hose , turn it on , and go fly around the room as it whip around like a snake . Dave test out a fire extinguisher . siren minion ( cont 'd ) beedo ! beedo ! beedo ! beedo ! gru take away the bullhorn from the sire minion . but he keep on make the noise . siren minion ( cont 'd ) beedo ! beedo ! beedo ! Dave fire the extinguisher at the sire minion . he make the noise again and Dave spray he with the fire extinguisher , send he fly offscreen . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 74 . int : minion beach habitat - day the minion enjoy another day at the beach . Kevin the golf minion drift out in the water on a inner tube . he fix he coconut bra , then unpeel a banana and eat it . int : control rooom - same a hand pull a lever in a control room . int : minion beach habitat - same suddenly a whirlpool appear in the water right next to he . he get suck into it . Kevin be pull down to the bottom of the habitat and into a tube . int : lab - same Kevin pop out of the tube and land in a wait metallic chair . his hat follow he down the tube and land on he head . click ! a metal strap fasten around he waist . he shrug and continue to eat the banana . french maid minion ( o.s. ) Kevin ? Kevin look over and see the french maid minion strapped into a chair nearby . he have a banana too . kevin Tom ? they raise they bananas in the air . kevin &amp ; french maid minion bello ! compai ! and then a giant device appear , look like a huge , scary hypodermic needle fill with purple liquid . the needle come toward the french maid minion . french maid minion ( to the needle ) compai ! the needle be injected into he and administer the serum . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 75 . the french maid minion start to shake . contort . then morph into a purple minion . purple french maid minion blaaah ! Kevin point and laugh at he . he do not see the needle come down behind he . it inject he with the serum as well . kevin oh ... ext : eduardo' house - day gru 's vehicle make its way up the wind road to eduardo 's house . int : grus vehicle - same gru drive the vehicle , look deeply depressed . the girl sit in the back , dress up for the cinco de mayo party . margo , edith &amp ; agnes cinco de may-yay -yo ! cinco de may- yay - yo ! cinco de may-yay-yo! gru 's expression do not change . they pull up to the front gate . ext : eduardo' house gate - same gru 's vehicle pull up in front of the open gate in front of eduardo 's house . his car almost knock a bunch of park car off the cliff . the grounds be set up for the most elaborate and fun cinco de mayo party of all time . sumptuous spread of mexican food everywhere . lantern hang from tree . people have a great time . gru and the girl enter the compound . edith whoa ! this place be awesome ! gru okay . let 's party . ah ? but first let 's go over the rule . because what be fun without the rule ? on agnes with she mouth and arm full of churro . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 76 . gru ( cont 'd ) agnes , easy on the churro . on edith , swinging she ninja sword . gru ( cont 'd ) edith , try not to kill anyone . edith Hai ! gru margo -- as gru turn to margo he see that she be hold hand with Antonio , face - to-face , almost close enough to kiss . ANTONIO hello , Mr. gru. gru furrow he brow . gru aghhh ! okay ... he grab Antonio and drag he far away from margo . margo gru ! gru there must be the standard six foot of space between you and boy . ( be : Antonio ) especially this boy . gru turn and see that Antonio be back next to margo . ANTONIO ( laugh ) you be a funny man . there be no rule , seor ! it 's cinco De mayo ! ( to girl ) come on ! they be start the dance ! he grab margo 's hand and take off . edith and agnes follow . agnes explode with delight . agnes ( roll she be like crazy ) arrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrriba! gru watch they go . frown . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 77 . ext : eduardo' house - later gru , sneaking through the party , spot Antonio and margo dance . gru sneak up on Antonio , use the flash strobe light to cover he approach . suddenly Antonio be go and gru be the one dance with margo , who have she back to he and be oblivious to what 's go on . Antonio reappear and kick gru in the crotch from behind . he dance once again with margo while gru hunch over in pain . gru then get the upper hand and start choke Antonio and shaking he . margo turn around and see this . gru and Antonio see they be be watch by margo and start casually dance next to each other as if nothing be wrong . as the song end , margo take Antonio 's hand and pull he away from gru off the dance floor . gru be defeat and all alone . int : eduardo' house - later gru sit by himself in the corner , sulk and stare at Lucy 's lipstick taser . a waiter walk by and place a tortilla chip sombrero on he head with the rim fill with guacamole . he break off a piece , dip it , and eat it . eduardo ( o.s. ) so glad you could make it , mis compadre . gru look up and see eduardo stand there . gru quickly hide the taser . eduardo ( cont 'd ) ( sense something 's wrong ) hey , what 's wrong ? gru oh , nothing . nothing be wrong . I be just chill with the guac ... from my chip hat . gru take another scoop of guacamole , smile , and give a thumb up . a glob of guacamole fall from the sombrero . eduardo put he arm around he . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 78 . eduardo gru , please . I know that look all too well . it be the look of a break heart . gru how do you know ? eduardo believe I , my friend , I too have spend many night try to drow my sorrow in guacamole . gru you ? EL macho yes . but we be survivor . there 's much more to we than meet the eye . enjoy the party . eduardo give gru a meaningful look . and then walk away . gru watch he go . deep in think . gru notice eduardo suspiciously sneak away from the party and head into the house . gru get up from the table and follow eduardo . as he walk through the party , several partygoer break tortilla piece off he sombrero to eat . int : eduardo house - continuous eduardo enter a dimly - light room . gru sneak behind and peer through a crack in the door . int : secret mayan room - continuous eduardo stand in the center of a secret room , which be line with mayan-style totem pole . he dance on the tile floor , which light up and play " La cucaracha " with each strategic step . the musical pattern be a code which open a secret passageway through the large totem 's mouth . eduardo enter and the mouth close behind he . gru tentatively enter the room . he pause at the tile floor . he try to replicate eduardo 's " La cucaracha " code , but a glob of guacamole from he sombrero fall to the floor and hit the wrong tile . this activate a booby - trap totem pole , which halve gru 's sombrero with a spear . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 79 . gru what the -- oh ! gru observe the destroy sombrero in he hand . gru ( cont 'd ) huh . gru attempt the code again , but misstep . a axe from the wall swing at he and miss . gru ( cont 'd ) oooh ! gru misstep again and one of the totem light up and spit fire at he , burn he face . gru ( cont 'd ) ( daze ) aaaahhh ... he misstep again and a club whacks he over the head . gru ( cont 'd ) oh ! one of the totem shoot dart at he , pierce he nose . gru ( cont 'd ) ( in pain ) aaaahhh ! gru fall to the floor . gru ( cont 'd ) oooohhh . his head hit the correct tile , and the mayan passageway open . gru walk to the door , point at the totem and gloat . gru ( cont 'd ) aha ! ha ha ha -- the passageway door slam on he arm . gru ( cont 'd ) ( in pain ) oh ! he pull he crush arm through the door . gru ( cont 'd ) ouch ! despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 80. ext : sky - day a 747 jet through the sky . int : airplane - same Lucy sit alone and stare out the window . depress . she sigh . she grab a in flight magazine and open it up to a ad for wristwatch . it read ; " in the sky , he be the one man everyone can trust " and show a picture of gru give the thumb up in a cockpit . lucy say what ? Lucy react , shake she head , and now the picture be just a regular airline pilot in the cockpit . Lucy turn the page . it 's another ad , say simply " gru now ! " and show a picture of a muscular gru diving from a waterfall . she gasp and slam the magazine shut , then slowly reopen it to find the picture be really just a random muscular guy diving . it say " go now - to hawaii ! " flight attendant ( o.s. ) would you like some peanut or pretzel ? Lucy look up from she magazine to see the flight attendant , who look like gru. she react . then look across the aisle and see a lady that look and sound like gru , talk to another man who look like gru. female gru passenger ha ha ha ha ha ! that 's a good joke . then Lucy look behind she and see the young mother look like gru . the baby turn around and also look like gru. gru baby I just do a boom boom . the flight attendant try to get Lucy 's attention . flight attendant I really need you to make a choice , hon . Close on Lucy as she have a moment of epiphany . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 81. lucy I choose gru. ( to everyone ) I choose gru ! Lucy run to the exit door and fling it open . woosh ! Air rush throughout the cabin . lucy ( cont 'd ) thank you , gru stewardess ! the flight attendant stand up , recover from she twirl . flight attendant you be welcome ! the other passenger wave as the plane 's oxygen mask fall from each overhead console . and with that , Lucy jump from the plane , hold she purse . ext : sky - day as Lucy fall from the sky she press a button on she purse and it transform into a hanglider . she fly off with purpose . int : tunnel - day Elevator door open revealing EL macho' underground lair . gru stand in the doorway , pull the dart out of he nose . the lair be a massive villainous complex that look a lot like hell . gru take the place in . it 's awesome and terrifying . the magnet ship be there ! eduardo ( o.s. ) you have not lose you touch , my friend . gru turn around and see eduardo dress in El macho 's old wrestle outfit , like we see in the flashback . gru ha ha ! I know it ! you be El macho ! EL macho that 's right ! gru nobody believe I ! Ho ho ! but I know you be not dead ! despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 82. EL macho ( laugh ) of course not . I merely fake my death , ha , ha ! ( beat ) but now it 's time for I to make a spectacular return to evil ! Doctor , I think it 's time we show gru what we be up to here . stand in the middle of the lair 's walkway be the one , the only ... Dr. nefario . gru Dr. nefario ? dr . nefario Nice to see you , gru. gru whaaat ? this -- so , this be you new job opportunity ? dr . nefario absolutely . you be gonna like this . Dr. nefario pull a lever . a platform rise with the purple minion version of Kevin strapped to a chair on it . EL macho sorry -- I have to borrow some of you minion , but it be for a worthy cause . gru oh ! Kevin ? agh ! EL macho no , he 's not Kevin anymore . now he be a indestructible , mindless kill machine ! kevin blah ! EL macho just watch this ! he then press a button . --a machine gun lower and the purple minion 's riddle with bullet , but unhurt . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 83. --a flamethrower shoot fire at the purple minion , but he 's completely unharme . -- a axe be swing at he , but he just eat it . -- a atom bomb fall on he , but he just swallow it and it explode harmlessly in he belly . --a police car be drop onto he , and he devour it whole . gru stare , stunne . EL macho ( cont 'd ) and here 's the best part ! I have get a army of they ! the light come on above El macho , revealing hundred of cage purple minion . gru can not believe he eye . El macho laugh . EL macho ( cont 'd ) soon I will unleash they on the world -- and if anyone , anyone , try to stop they ... yeow ! they city get eat ! ( beat ) we can do it together ! gru together ? EL macho together ! I have admire you work for year , amigo . stealing the moon ?! be you kid ?! we would be unstoppable ! Men like you , man like I , we should be ruling the world ! ( excitedly ) so , be you in ? Dr. nefario pop a celebratory noisemaker in the background . dr . nefario woo-hoo ! El macho eagerly await gru 's reply . gru just stare at he . how do he get out of this ? gru uh...yeah ... probably ... El macho be take aback . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 84. EL macho probably ? gru realize he 's in danger and quickly try to backpedal . gru I mean , yes ! yes . of course , yes , I just have a lot go on right now ... I just need to get some thing off my plate before we start take over the world , that 's all . EL macho ` scuse I ? gru no -- no , forget it ! one hundred percent ! I be in ! ( pretend to hear something ) I think -- what be -- do you hear that -- I do . that 's agnes call I from on the surf -- gru step into the elevator and the door shut . then open . he 's frantically try to press the button that will return he to the surface . gru ( cont 'd ) totally in ! the door close and gru be go . El macho stare , deep in think . clearly suspicious . EL macho you know what ? I be not so convinced that he be in . El macho press a button that release the purple minion . kevin blah ! ext : EL macho' house - same edith knock a piata down with a bat , then beat the crap out of it . gru edith ! agnes ! come on ! smack ! edith accidentally hit gru in the face with the bat . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 85 . gru ( cont 'd ) ooof ! edith take off she blindfold . edith sorry . gru we need to go home now ! where 's margo ? agnes but I do not get a turn ! ext : other side of EL macho' house - day margo sit at a table alone and depressed , wear the chip hat . she look like she 's be cry . gru margo ! gru approach she with the other girl in tow . gru ( cont 'd ) come on , we be leav- -hey , what 's wrong ? margo I hate boy . gru turn and see Antonio dance with a pretty girl . gru frown . gru yes ... they stink . sorry , honey , we have get to go . he take she hand and lead she offscreen before pop back into frame and fire the freeze ray at Antonio . we see he be now freeze in a block of ice . ext : EL macho' driveway - day screeech ! gru 's car pull out of the driveway and speed down the mountain , just as Lucy 's hang glider land at eduardo 's . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 86. ext : eduardo' house - day Lucy look around , but do not see gru . she maneuver she way through the crowd . lucy oops , sorry ! she make it through , but still no sign of gru . suddenly pollito appear and exchange look with Lucy . he screech and fly towards she . she strike a martial art pose ready to defend herself . as she do , she purse fall to the ground . the attack never come and she look down to see pollito peck at she purse . EL macho ( o.s. ) pollito ! what 's the matter ? El macho appear and pick up the chicken , petting it . lucy oh , hey ! eduardo ! EL macho Lucia ! I apologize . pollito , he 's usually not like this . the same thing happen the other day with ... with gru and ... El macho drop off , deep in think . connect the dot . Lucy be oblivious . lucy oh , speak of gru ...uh , have you see he ? I really need to talk to he . EL macho yes , I think he 's somewhere around here . you two be close , no ? lucy oh , I do not know . I mean close ... I would not say we be close . why , do he say we be close ? do he say that ? despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 87. EL macho it 's more what he do not say . for instance , he never mention ... that you be both work for the anti- villain League !!! suddenly El macho turn pollito around revealing that he have she avl credential in he beak . El macho grab Lucy . EL macho ( cont 'd ) ( threateningly ) you be come with I . he lead she away . lucy hey ! we see Dr. nefario watch this , in shock . he 's hold a drink and a mexican flag cupcake . dr . nefario crikey . ext : grus house - day the vehicle pull into the driveway . int : grus house - continuous gru walk the girl into the family room . two minion sit in front of the big screen tv play a video game . edith so eduardo 's actually El macho ? cool ! gru no , it be not cool . plus , I pretty much know it be he all along , so if anyone 's cool , it 's I . the bigscreen tv beeps . gru and the other turn to look . it 's Dr. nefario . he 's at El macho 's , whisper and look anxiously around he from under a table . dr . nefario ( on screen ) ( whisper ) gru ! gru well , Dr. nefario ... despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 88. dr . nefario ( on screen ) ( hurriedly ) El macho 's on to you . he know you be work for the avl . and he 's get you partner ! gru be confuse . gru Lucy ? wha -- that 's impossible ! she 's on she way to Australia ... EL macho ( o.s. ) nefario ! Dr. nefario look nervously offscreen . El macho 's come . dr . nefario ( on screen ) sorry , gotta go ! nefario disconnect the camera . the screen go blank . agnes gasp and turn to gru . agnes he 's get Lucy ? gru ( determine ) not for long . gru begin to walk out of the room . he turn to the minion . gru ( cont 'd ) come on . ( beat ) we be get she out of there . gru march out of the room , fire in he eye . a man on a mission . to save the woman he love . the minion be visibly disappointed to leave they video game . one of they clutches the controller in he hand and continue to play until the moment he exit the frame . int : grus garage - day gru get on he motorcycle . it 's the grucycle , a gru-style motorcycle , like Arnold in terminator 2 . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 89 . ext : grus house - day a playhouse in gru 's front yard drop away , revealing a hatch in the ground . out drive gru . two minion sit behind he hold on . he speed down the road . ready to kick some butt . ext : EL macho' compound - day the yard be now fill with rocket ship . from behind , we watch El macho emerge from he home to survey the troops . some minion file into the rocket ship . El macho watch they and laugh maniacally . ext : grus house - day evil minion Pov : the evil minion Kevin run down the street , near gru 's house . he be scared by he own reflection in a shiny park car . he spot a tricycle and eat it . then Kyle spot he and growls . Kyle run off and evil minion Kevin give chase . he stop when he see the front door . int : grus house - day margo and agnes sit on the floor play a princess board game . next to agnes be she unicorn . they hear a scratching SOUND outside the window . agnes look scared . agnes what be that ? margo stand up . make she way toward the window , which be cover with drape . then reach a nervous hand and pull back the drape . margo I do not see anything . suddenly , evil minion Kevin appear at the window , look really scary ! margo scream . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 90 . smash ! evil minion Kevin crash through the window and land in the family room surround by shattered glass and tangle up in the curtain . he turn to the girl , who slowly back away . he look at agnes and roar . margo ( cont 'd ) run ! margo grab agnes and they run out of the room , accidentally drop the stuff unicorn behind . agnes stop and run back for it . agnes my unicorn ! margo agnes , no ! agnes stop and see evil minion Kevin already have it in he mouth . agnes scream a crazy high - pitched scream . it shatter all the glass in the room , include the glass in evil minion Kevin 's goggle . he spit out the unicorn . he be slowed he down for a bit , so agnes safely grab the unicorn , and margo grab agnes 's hand . they run for the elevator to the lower level , with the purple minion hot on they tail . the elevator drop just in time . evil minion Kevin slam into the glass door . int : grus lab - same margo and agnes run into the lab to find half a dozen minion milling about . margo c'mon ! hurry ! agnes whoa ! edith play ping - pong with the minion use nun - chuck like Bruce Lee . margo shut the big iron door . edith and the minion stare back at margo . edith what 's the matter ? crash ! the purple minion have eat its way through the ceiling ! despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 91 . agnes whoa ! it drop down into the lab and land on a daze yellow minion . the girl scream as it jump up and dash towards they . evil minion Kevin stomp toward the girl . they be back into a corner . it 's all over . then suddenly a hypodermic needle enter frame and inject evil minion Kevin . he fall over , writhe on the floor . then he sit up and -- have turn back into a yellow minion . it 's Kevin ! kevin ooh-la-la ! pilatos ? agnes Kevin ! the other minion dog pile on he with friendly hug . margo Dr. nefario ! you be back ! reveal Dr. nefario hold the needle . dr . nefario in the flesh . nefario produce a vial fill with yellow liquid . dr . nefario ( cont 'd ) behold , the antidote ! he walk over to a vat of the jelly . dr . nefario ( cont 'd ) come on . let 's finally put this horrible jelly to some good use . he pour the antidote into the vat . ext : EL macho' house - later gru make he way up the road lead to El macho 's house . he be wear handcuffs , and be lead at spear-point by Dave and Stuart , who have be paint purple to look like evil minion . but they be goof around and giggle . and they still have a few yellow spot . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 92 . gru hey , guy . come on ! stay focus here ! the minion somber up . minion okay , okay . gru cover a smear yellow spot with purple paint . they approach the front gate , which be close . Dave boost himself onto a stray box and speak gibberish into the intercom . he hear evil minion gibberish in response . he respond back in evil minion gibberish . the intercom buzze and the gate begin to open . the gate open and there be dozen of purple minion milling about . they eye gru and he captor suspiciously . Dave and Stuart poke gru with a spear . gru ( attempt to act ) curse . foil again . this guy capture I . the evil minion cheer at see this . gru , Dave and Stuart have to walk all the way to the house surround on all side by evil purple minion . the paint yellow minion be very nervous . the purple minion eye they as they pass . they growl and the yellow minion attempt to growl back . it 's extremely intense , but it look like they be go to make it . then one of the evil minion make a slobbery raspberry at one of the paint one . they get into a raspberry fight until the paint minion be gross out and try to rub the slobber off he . it rub off the purple paint . one of the evil purple minion point and scream . they be expose ! all of the purple minion run towards gru , Dave and Stuart . teeth bare . ready to chomp . gru ( cont 'd ) run ! they take off run . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 93. ext : EL macho' backyard - continuous gru and the yellow minion burst into El macho 's backyard . the evil minion give chase . gru up that tree ! hurry , hurry ! they climb a tree up to the roof of the house , only to be pursue by more minion up there . and the evil minion have devoure the tree so they can not go back that way either . with no escape , gru and the minion run up a tower until they reach the top - - a dead end . here come the purple minion . they be trap . gru kick they away and the yellow minion try to fight off the purple one . but they be clearly doom . and then gru 's ship appear hover above they ! modify as a jelly - dispense weapon and with Dr. nefario at the control ! the minion hang on the side hold jelly blaster . the ship open fire on the evil minion , transform they . pop ! pop ! pop ! pop ! one by one they transform back into yellow minion . one of the minion wipe the horrible taste jelly off he tongue . Dr. nefario stick he head out the side of the ship . dr . nefario hello , gru ! gru hey , hey ! Nice work , Dr. nefario ! gru leap onto the ship . dr . nefario I put a antidote in the jelly . ( beat ) I mean , I be happy to create a evil army to destroy the world , but nobody mess with my family . gru thank you , Doctor ! now let 's go get the -- gru look over to see margo , edith and agnes onboard the ship , hold jelly blaster . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 94 . agnes hi! gru be flabbergasted . he turn to nefario . gru you bring the girl ? dr . nefario yes ! ( beat ) oh. be that wrong ? gru 's ship fly toward El macho , blast purple minion all along the way . from behind a large jelly gun edith unload round after round . edith wooooo ! yeeeaaahhh ! El macho witness he evil minion be convert back to regular one . EL macho oh no ! what 's happen to my minion ? ( beat ) gru ? gru turn to nefario and the girl . gru you guy take care of the rest of the minion . ( beat ) I be go to find Lucy . gru leap out of the ship down to the roof El macho be on . he have two big jelly weapon in he hand . meanwhile the ship fly off with its jelly blaster fire , and come to land on the ground below . the minion and the girl start jump from the ship . agnes take aim . agnes eat jelly , you purple freak ! waaaaah ! despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 95 . agnes ' gun be a little too big for she and the kick send she a bit out of control . but she still manage to hit a number of evil minion . the tide be turn . meanwhile , gru have go ballistic on the evil minion . blam ! blam ! blam ! blam ! he take the remain few out . El macho kick a evil minion at gru , but he manage to hit it with jelly and transform it back to yellow . gru hold he gun up to El macho and give he a threaten look . gru it 's over , El macho . now where be Lucy ? EL macho ( chuckle ) let I show you . he turn to a computer and push a button . a fountain stop spew water and underneath it steel door open from the ground . and out of they rise a rocket . strapped to it be Lucy . tied to a shark with two hundre and fifty pound of dynamite strapped to she . gru be horrify . he gasp . lucy oh , hey gru ! turn out you be right about the whole El macho thing , huh ? ( unconvincingly ) yay ! El macho call to gru , brandish a remote . EL macho one push of this button and I send that rocket straight into the same volcano where I fake my death . only this time -- it 's for real ! gru ( horrify ) no ! Dave swoops in on a rope and grab the remote , tarzan - style ... dave tally ho ! despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 96 . but unfortunately he smack a roof support and drop the remote . it bonk a bunch of minion on the head and land on the ground . El macho stare down gru . Fire in he eye . EL macho we could have rule the world together , gru . but now -- you be gonna die . he pull out a vial of px - 41 and drink it . gru gasp . El macho transform into a giant , purple , furry creature . he roar . gru pull the trigger on he jelly gun , but he be out of ammunition . he then pull out the freeze ray and fire , encase El macho 's fist in block of ice . El macho growls and slam he fist to the ground , shatter the ice and knock gru off the platform and onto a scaffold . gru scream . the scaffold tip over . El macho grab the scaffold and hold it above he head , ready to crush gru. suddenly gru pull out Lucy 's lipstick taser and fire it at purple El macho ! the jolt of electricity have he shaking and dance and ultimately sizzling and smoking , until he finally collapse on the ground . gru lipstick taser ! Lucy smile at this . lucy aw ...he copy I . gru run off to save she . the minion surround El macho , cock they jelly gun . EL macho ( daze ) I be not afraid of you jelly gun . dr . nefario oh , this be not a jelly gun , sunshine . Dr. nefario fire the fart gun directly into El macho 's face , cause he to pass out . the minion cheer , fire they jelly gun into the air . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 97 . one of the minion stand on top of El macho and pose for a big game hunter - style photo . Dr. nefario smile for the camera as well . gru run toward the rocket . lucy do not worry about I , gru ! I will be fine . I have survive lot worse than this . ( beat ) okay , that 's not entirely true . I be actually kind of freaking out up here ! gru do not worry -- I will get you out of this ! gru attempt to untie Lucy . and then see pollito have walk over to the remote . gru and Lucy gasp . the chicken look at gru and Lucy , then peck the button . gru ( cont 'd ) I really hate that chicken . the rocket blast off into the air . the minion and Girls watch in horror as gru and Lucy fly off on the rocket . ext : sky - continuous gru use he knife to cut Lucy 's rope . they scream as the shark get loose and fall down to a sushi bar below where all of the customer and sushi chef cheer . meanwhile , on the rocket gru rip a panel off the side , revealing a mess of wire inside . lucy be there a red one ? it 's usually the red one . gru start to pull out wire leave and right . to no avail . lucy ( cont 'd ) gru , anytime now ! gru gasp , realize they be approach the volcano . time be run out . death be imminent . he look Lucy in the eye . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 98 . gru listen , Lucy -- we may not get out of this alive , so I need to ask you a question . lucy uh , better make it quick ! gru if I would ask you out on a date , what would you have say ? lucy be you kid I ?! yes ! gru smile . then realize that the rocket be still careen toward the volcano . he grab Lucy . gru jump !!! gru and Lucy grab hand and leap off the rocket . the rocket plunge into the volcano . gru and Lucy plummet through the air . ka-blaaaam !!! the volcano explode in a massive tempest of fire and smoke and lava . the impact of the blast hit gru and Lucy and send they fly . splash ! they hit the water . bam ! boom ! the volcano continue explode . splash ! gru emerge , soaking and out of breath . Fire and lava fly all around he . he can not find Lucy . gru ( cont 'd ) oh ! Lucy ! ( look around , panic ) Lucy ! where be you ?! after a few moment , Lucy also emerge . gru be incredibly relieved . gru ( cont 'd ) oh , Lucy ! lucy gru ! despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 99 . Lucy smile and hug gru . they both go underwater . then come back up . sputter . and in love . lucy ( cont 'd ) sorry ... I guess you kind of need you arm to tread water , huh ? the minion appear in the rowboat . tom ( " stroke ! " ) mack -oh ! mack -oh ! mack-oh ! but they pass right by they . gru they will be back ... title card : 147 date later ... romantic music play under the title card . ext : hillside - day four minion , dress in match suit , begin to sing a all - 4 - one 's " I swear , " pronounce " underwear " in minionese . we be at gru and Lucy 's wedding reception . we pull back to the wedding cake , and then to gru and Lucy dance . as they dance we see all of the wedding guest watch : gru 's Mom , Dr. nefario , silas , jillian , Shannon , Natalie , etc . gru dip Lucy and they attempt they kiss , but they nose keep bump . they finally manage to kiss and the crowd cheer . we see the three girl watch in they beautiful bridesmay dress . agnes can barely contain she glee . pan over to edith , who make a face . edith can I be the first to say -- ewwww ! the minion finish the song . the girl sit at they table . agnes clearly have something on she mind . she sigh . agnes okay . she stand up on the table . despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 100 . agnes ( cont 'd ) Excuse I ! look out at the crowd , but they can not hear she . agnes ( cont 'd ) um ...hi ! Excuse I ! she still do not have the crowd 's attention , so margo tap on she glass . everyone look to agnes , who be visibly nervous . agnes ( cont 'd ) uh...hi , everybody ! I would like to make some toast . uh ... she look out at the crowd . be really nervous . look over at gru . he smile . mouth " okay . " this help , and agnes pull herself together and recite the mother Day poem from earlier . agnes ( cont 'd ) she um ... she um , kiss my boo-boos . she braid my hair . we love you mother , everywhere ! agnes turn to Lucy and look she right in the eye . agnes ( cont 'd ) and my new mom Lucy be beyond compare . Lucy smile , melting . the crowd go " awwwww . " agnes and Lucy spin around in a hug . the crowd cheer and applaud . gru , margo and edith join agnes and Lucy in a group hug . the family be complete . agnes ( cont 'd ) to the bride and gru ! a minion begin to spin the Village people 's " ymca " at the dj table . the minion , several of whom be dress as the Village people , begin to perform the song . the minion dress as the chiquita banana lady also join in . then the entire family boogy across the dance floor , include Dr. nefario and gru 's Mom . agnes ( cont 'd ) i'm so haaaappppyyyyyyy !!!! despicable I 2 cinco &amp ; ken draft 101 . ext : hillside - moment later a minion pose gru , Lucy , and the girl for a formal picture . everyone look good . they all smile . click ! another picture add gru 's Mom , Dr. nefario , and two minion to the group . click ! another picture add even more minion to the group . click ! a evil minion pop up and photobomb the last picture ! evil minion blaaaaah ! the end