" investigation " screenplay by Paul schrader 1987 draft script unproduced int . parking structure - day jude mazzo , United States Attorney for the District of Columbia , 45 , trim , dark full hair . hey , Jude . it 's a name you remember . it stick in mind . Jude the obscure . Jude mazzo adjust he tailore suit , cross underground structure . the first thing you notice be the walk . the Jude walk . something between a stroll and a strut . the ball of he foot carry he weight effortlessly ; he heel follow , scrapping the concrete in precise hypnotic rhythm . the walk of confidence . his walk presume order in the space through which it move , create a allusion of order if none exist . it say : this space have purpose because I be pass through it . this be not the confidence of unthought arrogance . it 's the consider arrogance of a leader . people want order ; they crave it like bread or water . that who create order be avatar , above judgement or suspicion . they walk , they bear , the echoing sound of they approach footstep be manna for the mass . * mazzo unlock he metallic navy blue 1987 beretta , sit in . stereo blast " chantilly lace , " Big bopper 's 1959 rock hit , as he revs engine . telephone ring from speaker . the Big bopper answer in ersatz negroid : " chantilly lace " ( jaunty ) " hel - lo , ba -by , yeah , this be the Big bopper speakin ' ( demonic laugh ) o - oh , you sweet thang ! do I what ? will I what ? o-oh , ba -by , you kno - ow what I like ! " Jude squeal off . sometimes it 's not enough to be a bear leader . sometimes you gotta flaunt it . CUT to : ext . residential STREET - day grey structure squat behind iron gate and lush magnolias . mazzo 's coupe approach , park between dark sedan . Jude get out , tighten he silk tie as he step toward sidewalk . the tie 's just the right touch , obtrusive yet elegant : a sky blue gash neck to navel . mazzo turn at corner , continue down sidewalk . the score pick up where " chantilly lace " cut off . Music surround Jude , always pulsing , push forward . screen credit continue . CUT to : ext . karin be apt . bldg . - day Jude step into shadow of six - story post-modern condominium complex . enter . CUT to : int . lobby - day step to elevator , press button . Hawaiian painting adorn far wall . CUT to : int . fifth floor - day exit elevator , look both direction . hallway empty . Jude walk softly to 5C . he pause outside door ; he pat he hair in place , straighten suit and tie . Jude remove key from coat pocket , unlock door slowly , silently . he tiptoe inside . CUT to : int . karin' live room - day Jude enter silently . chain -latches door . Jude survey room with familiar eye . the only light come from draw yellow window shade ; thin strip of exterior green foliage glow underneath . the decor jump out at you : a eclectic jungle of plant and paisley . a wall cluttere with clipping butt into a verdure tapestry . second Empire chaise strewn with book . cheap salsa music enhance Green mansion effect . one thing be certain : a woman life here . intellectual : definitely . Young : probably . impulsive : compulsively . Light shine from open bedroom . sheet rustle within . mazzo lower salsa muzak , enter . screen credit continue . CUT to : int . karin' bedroom - day karin schreiber , 25 , wrap in pink bed sheet , approach Jude seductively . dirty blond hair , pale complexion . either dutch or german . she could be a model . karin open sheet , drape it shroud-like over Jude 's shoulder . he glimpsis she nudity . she smile : karin ( teasing ) how will you kill I today ? jude I will slit you throat . end credit Jude remove he blue tie , turn on large tv directly face karin 's bed . he dial cable box to C - span : hearing live from Capitol Hill -- on screen , inaudible , some duly elect asshole pontificate . karin sit on mattress , stretch . Jude remove suit jacket , fold it over chair , rhythmnically weave sex fantasy scenario : jude it 's a political scandal . misus fund . pivot this way , toward the tv . kinky sex , ruin career , media rumor , ridicule -- the Senator be one of the most respected on the Hill ... ( karin swivel ) ... yes , just like that . member of the judicial Committee . consider above reproach . karin lie face foot of bed . random mirror reflect all four wall . erotic painting of elaborate coitus , execute in Soviet Social realist style , hang beside rack of nightgown . stain glass lamp , oddly place , provide pastel light . this be boudoir , not bedroom . karin watch mazzo disrobe . he place dress shoe -- black , polished , italian -- neatly under chair , tuck Picasso pattern sock inside . fold , stack shirt and trousers . karin fluff she pillow . Jude remove bikini brief , tuck they from sight , slip in bed . karin welcome he with a smile . CUT to : int . karin' bedroom - day timecut : salsa music blare from stereo . Jude and karin fuck energetically atop wide oceanic bed . pant , they change position , restart . tv cast cathode glow across bed . karin , astride Jude , silhouett in C - span . she grip he buttock , guide penal thrust . her breath quicken . his panting breath echo . she dig she finger into mazzo 's thigh . Jude 's hand rise along she torso . karin shiver at onset of orgasm . she elongate she climax with slow crescendo scream , each octave a new plateau of pleasure . karin 's voice fade as she slump forward , gasping . her chest flatten upon he . she wheeze , then stop . mazzo pull himself up beside she -- only then do we notice the blood across he chest and face . karin be dead . her throat have be slit . Jude ease karin 's body to sheet as he swing he leg to floor . he stand pull sheet around waist . karin watch blank -ey in pool of blood . Jude waddle from bedroom . CUT to : int . karin' bathroom - day Jude shower . blood wash down drain . CUT to : int . karin' bedroom - day mazzo , wrap in sheet , return to karin 's bed . he rumage through bloody bed cover until he find safety razor blade , the murder weapon . he hardly notice karin . Jude wipe razor blade on bed cover , walk away . CUT to : int . karin' kitchen - day Jude take a glass from cupboard , open refrigerator door . he remove , uncap bottle of dry vermouth . he finger the glass as he fill it . Jude lift vermouth to he lip , swallow , shiver . CUT to : int . karin' live room - day mazzo enter with bottle and glass , walk to window . he raise a center shade , look outside : traffic pass in sunlight . he step to bookshelf , turn off stereo . the salsa stop . weary , Jude lower himself onto karin 's sofa . he lie still , wrap in sheet , cradling vermouth bottle and glass , stare at ceiling . Jude 's eye close . he slip lightly to sleep . CUT to : int . karin' bedroom - day timecut : 30 minute later . Jude be awake and dress , he spirit replenish . Music score set he in motion . mazzo put on sahara - brown suit coat as he cross to bureau . Blue silk tie hang loose around he neck . he pull white handkerchief from pocket , wrap it around right hand . he open bureau drawer with cover hand , leave no fingerprint . Inside , karin 's cash and jewelry lie amid personal possession . mazzo lift inlaid box , set it down . he flip through fold ten and twenty , put money back , then examine antique jade and silver necklace . Jude pause to review he strategy . he carefully wrap handkerchief around necklace , place necklace in coat pocket . Jude turn to bed where karin lie twisted in the cover -- still but still beautiful . he pull tie from neck , turn it over . he crouch beside karin , lift she hand . Jude gingerly drag the silk tie across karin 's long fingernails . a blue thread catch under she index finger . he pull tie away , release she hand . karin 's finger reflexively curl around the sky blue thread . CUT to : int . karin' kitchen - day Jude enter tie tie . he press he shoe against tile floor , then raise foot to reveal faint bloody footprint . he step again , leave fainter and fainter footfalls . Jude lift receiver from wall phone , dial number from memory . he squat against wall , receiver press to he ear . he wait , fiddle impatiently . Paperback book be stack everywhere . someone finally answer . Jude speak with cadence of one condition to command : jude hello ? ( pause ) hello . homicide , please . ( pause ) they ought to be answer , unless they be asleep . a girl have be murder . ( pause ) a girl be kill , I tell you ! ( pause ) 2085 m street. ( pause ) m Street , not N Street , you idiot ! ( pause ) who be she ? karin schreiber . on the fifth floor . ( pause ) you get all that ? read it back to I . mazzo listen , nod , check watch . satisfied , he stand to hang up phone . it 's time to go . he turn back to frig , open door . Jude remove bottle of moet champagne , tuck it under he arm . he walk away , leave refrigerator door ajar . CUT to : int . lobby - day Jude exit elevator , walk to main entrance . his eye flit side to side . otherwise , he face 's a blank mask . the front door open as mazzo reach for handle . he 's suddenly face to face with ria male , 24 , about to enter . they freeze . have they meet ? do they know each other ? ria 's dress chic / casual . either arab or italian . slightly build with pierce eye . suspicious type -- like that longtime student who never graduate . ria Excuse I . jude huh ? ria Excuse I , please , I would like to get through . jude sorry . mazzo step back as ria pass . Jude exit , proceed to sidewalk . ria pause in lobby to watch he . no doubt : he know we Jude . CUT to : ext . justice dept . - day * moving Pov from inside Jude 's beretta : justice dept. complex loom immediately ahead . Washington D.C. Capitol dome crown the six-story skyline . the justice Department , build 1931 - 35 , a monumental Art Deco structure halfway between the Capital and the White House . it 's granite facade be richly decorate with column , frieze and inscription . military personnel patrol the sidewalk . all visitor be screen . D.C. seem under siege . pink plexi sign at entrance warn : " caution , power Doors swing out . " the FBI Building , 1974 , Hoover 's monolith , engulf the neighbor block . its brutal design dwarf human scale and feel . screenwriter note : special consideration be give to architecture throughout the script . the story be set in visual brave new world . post-modern structure , such as Washington harbour ( under construction ) , U.S. News , westin and Grand hotel , be favore . International style building be also prefer : L'Enfant Plaza , afl - cio , FBI headquarters . Architecture of film need not be beautiful , it need only be new . historic Washington be irrelevant . Jude mazzo 's a new creation ; he need new space . CUT to : int . jude's justice dept . office - day White collar worker crowd impressive corner office overlook Pennsylvania Avenue . no fly on this bunch : they exude self - righteousness of underling on the rise . today 's idealist aching to be tomorrow 's bureaucrat . a mount justice dept. seal , flanke by U.S. flag , set the tone . grid of frame photo feature mazzo pose with politician past and present . two object stand out from the government - issue decor : a bright Memphis chair and neoexpressionist map of d.c . just the right hip . the office worker watch CNN . generic newscaster speak frame by blue screen pic of smoking subway platform . bloodie woman lie in photo foreground . CNN newscaster ... the government have take great pain to remain calm throughout the crisis , convinced any appearance of panic would only encourage terrorist . the President conduct business as usual as pressure for action continue to mount in the wake of the statue of Liberty bombing ... * CNN cut to file footage of bleed , frighten tourist stream from smoke - fill entrance to statue of Liberty . paramedics and police hustle they away under glare of tv camera . CNN newscaster ... rumor of the U.S. response be the talk of Washington . this we now know for certain : the Attorney General will announce , perhaps as soon as tomorrow , the formation of a ad-hoc anti-terrorism agency , a elite inter - departmental unit head by a anti- terrorism " czar . " the name most mention ... young justice employee improve dramatic drum roll . CNN newscaster ... be that of Jude mazzo , the high profile United States District Attorney from the District of Columbia . Steve Dunn have compile a background report on Attorney mazzo . Steve -- reporter dunn narrate bio over clip from mazzo 's career . they include : -- Jude as young lawyer on courthouse step . -- Jude unveil chart of underworld crime activity . -- Jude swear in . -- Jude , in leather jacket and jeans , tell of undercover drug buy . -- Jude receive vfw commendation . -- Jude at White House reception . -- Jude jump from helicopter , follow by FBI . clip cover five year . in early footage , Jude 's dress and manner be bland . later , he 's the opposite : snazzy , confident , charismatic . reporter dunn ( o.s. ) ... first burst on the scene with he vigorous organize crime and drug prosecution , break all the unwritten rule . the politico all stand they distance , wait for mazzo to take he fall . instead , come a wave of conviction . not surprisingly , mazzo turn he attention to city corruption . within eight month , 16 state and local official have resign ... mazzo 's cohort joke , wisecrack to screen . Jude 's very much a hero here -- both love and respected . reporter dunn ( o.s. ) ... even that oppose to the new agency seem to have no objection concern Attorney mazzo . he be , in the word of the President , " a american hero . " door open . all eye turn . Jude stride in , moet bottle under he arm . Office staff burst into spontaneous applause . mazzo pop cork , send spray across room . he speak rapid- fire : jude get some glass , they be in the cupboard -- not too many . and turn that thing off . Sandy ? I will never understand how seemingly intelligent people who spend they day plant storey and manipulate coverage can turn around , flip on the news , sit there and watch it like God be send it down fresh from mt. sinai . manna ! ( look ) great , over here . young office worker distribute plastic glass as sandy , a " executive Assistant , " turn off tv . Jude spill champagne as he pour from glass to glass . young office employee congratulation , sir . other echo congratulation . Jude pour : jude here , here . thank you . ( suddenly harsh ) stop ! they all freeze . awkward silence . jude this be no time for celebration . ( pause for effect ) and you can quote I on that . Jude break into laugh , take swig . impromptu party resume . staff divide into three and four . alan , 29 , speak with fellow executive assistant out of earshot : alan who 's mazzo take to the new agency ? executive assistant get in line : that 's what everybody want to know . that 's where the action 's gonna be . and Jude be not talk . Jude , work crowd , approach : alan we be go to miss you . executive assistant it will not be the same . jude I will be around . you can not get rid of I that easy . besides , milton will step right in . executive assistant it will not be the same . second executive assistant join they . Jude turn to he : jude what 's green with four leg and do impression ? alan ( to 2nd ass 't ) do not answer . jude I want it on my desk in the morning . Clayton , right ? ( walk off ) alan that 's how he get he joke . Jude step beside assistant U.S. attorney avery milton , Jude 's right -hand man and confidant . ass't Attorney milton , late fifty , seem more suite to office than courtroom . he 's quite content to stand in Jude 's shadow . milton so , congratulation once again . jude thanks , milt . mazzo , smile , call to unseen staff member : jude you be come with I , do not forget ! milton suppress sting of slight : he have not be ask . nearby , two attorney dish break murder : 1st attorney ... it 's this really hot babe . you know , sweater meat for mile . embassy connection all over . the whole package . Zapped . 2 nd attorney the thai girl -- ? 1st attorney no way homicide get this juice over a gook . they're ' nam -head -- mazzo and milton walk over . second Attorney brighten , fawn : 2 nd attorney you hear this , boss ? gorgeous girl , diplomatic connection , then zi-ip -- ( throat cut gesture ) page one all the way . 1st attorney no other mark on body . mint condition from the neck down . jude where 's this from ? 1st attorney precinct gossip . Real sketchy . we be gonna get call in -- to check out the " political angle . " probably bang embassy row like mother theresa -- 2 nd attorney ( correct ) -- mata hari -- jude ( cut in ) where ? 2 nd attorney N Street . two thousand something . jude ( disgust ) what do you brain do while you dick be go to law school ? 2000 N be a vacant lot ! and do not be so fast to jump to judgement . ( call to other ) there 's only one guilty person around here ! all stop silent . second Attorney shrivel in pinstripe , he career hang by a thread . Jude laugh : jude and that 's I ! two attorney , relieved , join laughter . mazzo resume conversation with first Attorney : jude they want we there ? the justice Department ? 1st attorney that 's what I hear . request en route . jude ( to milton ) well , let 's dig it out . thank God , I think I be go to have to spend my last day here drink champagne -- I do not even like champagne . com 'on , milt , let 's go . they walk off . second Attorney turn to first : 2 nd attorney tell I I be wrong . tell I I do not fuck my promotion . ( slap head ) damn ! CUT to : ext . justice dept . - dusk * beretta coupe exit wringht deco gate , head west on 9th past FBI Building . Black -on-white justice dept. license plate distinguish Jude 's coupe from surround car . CUT to : ext . karin be apt . - night Jude / milton moving Pov inside car : 2085 m Street appear amid flash red and yellow light . D.C. police cordon off reporter and onlooker . two paramedics rest against ambulance , as if await instruction . * patrolman recognize Jude as beretta park . he escort mazzo and milton through crowd as push newsmen call , " judi , judi . " mazzo acknowledge photo flashbulb as he enter . CUT to : int . karin' live room - night " evidence gather technician " take note , collect fingerprint , label evidence . policeman cross from live room to kitchen . no one seem in a hurry . faint red light flash below partially draw window shade . two plainclothes official chat casually near bedroom door . dect . gilbert gideon , 48 , FBI , speak in tone befit seniority . lo. michael weiss , 37 , District of Columbia homicide division , listen to gideon , defer , smile . both man , conservatively dress , exude careerism : intense , intelligent , well - exercise . Jude 's arrival cause immediate stir . they have be wait for he . mazzo nod to other as he and milton join gideon and Weiss , exchange handshake : dect . gideon thanks for come yourself , Mr. Attorney . I know you be busy . you know Lt. Weiss , D.C. homicide -- ? jude ( nod ) what take you so long to call in the request , gideon ? ( to Weiss ) just look , Lieutenant , and hope you never know the hell of a FBI man ask for help -- dect . gideon ( defensive ) the Bureau can not afford mistake . I have to be certain of the foreign policy ramification . then we find this . look . gideon take bound leather address book from shelf , hand it to mazzo : dect . gideon her address book : diplomat , lefty , lobbyist -- goddamn who 's who . just look at the first name under " B . " you name be even in there . lo. weiss she cut out clipping of political event , terrorist incident , the New York subway bomb -- jude that too ? lo. weiss Post . jude where be she ? dect . gideon in the bedroom . jude let 's take a look . CUT to : int . karin' bedroom - night Jude and other enter " boudoir " as technician collate evidence . Jude , expressionless , scan room as if see it for the first time . adjust he tie . bed furnishings , measure , label , remain as before . karin 's body lie unmove under pink sheet . lo. weiss karin schreiber , 24 , dutch passport . Jude pause at portable tape player atop tv , depress " play " lever . tape hiss follow by phone ring . Big bopper answer from two - inch speaker : " hel - lo , ba -by . yeah , this be the Big bopper speakin . ' " jude pull back the sheet . mazzo watch as evidence gathering technician # 1 unveil karin 's body . dry blood form Rorschach stain beside she neck . Jude tilt he head to study corpse : very sexy , very Madame tussard . dect . gideon clean razor wound . no trace of the murder weapon . jude cover she up . who 's name be the apartment in ? mazzo step into bathroom , turn shower nozzle on and off . gideon eject " chantilly lace " as other observe from bedroom . lo. weiss hers . the victim . jude the neighbor ? lo. weiss a doctor ... a man completely above suspicion . the other apartment vacant -- jude and who get everything ? the husband ? lo. weiss separate three year . mazzo examine tile floor ; pink stain wash down drain . jude bring he in for question . Weiss eyeball gideon : whose case be it ? d.c.p.d. or FBI ? mazzo retrace step through bedroom : jude who 's conduct the investigation ? lo. weiss homicide -- dect . gideon FBI . lo. weiss D.C. homicide will continue its investigation . gideon shrug . local cop be gumby in FBI world view . mazzo continue into kitchen . dect . gideon her address book ? CUT to : int . karin' kitchen - night Jude open refrigerator door : jude keep it . I want no coverup . evidence gathering technician # 2 approach with stack of black - and - white glossy . technician # 2 ( eager ) look , the victim pose for this crime scene photograph . like some cheap magazine . obviously take by a amateur . technician display 8x10 " crime scene " still . in each karin schreiber be the " victim . " Jude 's eye fix on photo . they feature : -- karin , fully clothed , slump against toilet bowl . -- karin , in bra and panty , face - down on carpet , plastic fish in she mouth . -- karin , wear only mini-skirt , drape over bed . her body cover with record album and tape . laugh voice initiate flashback . CUT to : int . karin' bedroom - day - flashback - a year before . Jude and karin at play , laugh as they stage " crime scene " photo . Big bopper sing on stereo . mazzo , hair tussle , wield Nikon like work tool . barefoot , he wear white shirt , dark trousers . he 's ten pound heavier . karin lean head against bureau . jude do not move ! Jude snap picture . flash ! CUT to : int . karin' bathroom - day - flashback - timecut . " seventy -six trombone " play as karin pose over toilet . she twist head , drop jaw , stare vacantly . Jude move erratically , testing camera angle , speak as if spellbound : jude ... she be a sas stewardess . have a affair with two different pilot -- both at 37,000 foot ! we find she in the lady room at JFK , choke , just like that . a real beauty . hold it . mazzo snap another pic -- flash ! -- pull karin to foot : jude who do you want to do now ? karin the rock and roll singer ! Julie ! jude right . * screenwriter note : the choice of pop source music ( with the exception of " chantilly lace " ) be indicative , not proscriptive . Jude be the product of rock and roll , more presley than politics . source music should also provide ironic counterpoint to action , reinforce symbolic drama -- keep viewer at arm 's length . alternative title , equally effective , spring to mind : " change " by David bowie , " hanky panky " by Tommy James and the shondell , " man Machine " by kraftwerk , " imagine " by John Lennon , etc . CUT to : int . karin' bedroom - day - flashback - timecut . karin , mini-skirted , hang half - naked over bed . Joan jett sing " I Love rock and Roll . " Jude narrate scenario : jude ... she 's find in a cheap motel outside crisfield . her tongue rip out , body cover with record album and tape -- all sacred music ... mazzo yank album from shelf , place they on karin as she hum mantra " om . " jude ...her boyfriend be a religious fanatic , divinity school dropout -- karin ( object ) no , he be a artist -- jude -- we find he two block away in a local bar , listen to she beautiful voice come from the jukebox like a angel 's . he snap again . flash ! karin return to life : karin the revolutionary ! CUT to : int . karin' live room - day - flashback - timecut . Jude place karin , wear grey skirt and black bra , on chaise as Village people repeat , " I be a macho , macho man ... " mazzo bound about , ecstatic . karin howl with laughter . they grow frenetic with each enactment . they psyches meld for a moment : be it sex or be it symbiosis ? Jude circle : jude a young coed . University of maryland . murdered by she sociology professor , suffocate by $ 100 bill . then rape after she be dead ... mazzo stuff kleenex in karin 's mouth , spread she knee : jude ... spread you leg . now do not move . click . flash ! karin remove tissue from mouth : karin but do not you get excited when they be find like this ? jude I be very excited by a case several year ago . ( kneel beside she ) he have a device ... ( voice trail off ) karin tell I about it . jude ( embarrassed ) no , no , I can not . technician # 2's voice return we to present : technician # 2 ( v.o. ) obviously the work of a amateur . end of flashback CUT to : int . karin' kitchen - night U.S. Attorney mazzo turn from " crime scene " photo , walk over bloody footprint ( now cover with plastic ) . gideon join he from bedroom : dect . gideon he must have be a idiot . jude who ? dect . gideon the killer . jude why be he a idiot ? dect . gideon because of the way he act . stupidly and arrogantly . he empty she jewelry box but dose not take the money . he kill she , then march into the john to shower . put shoe on , leave footprint across kitchen . just stupid . jude accord to you . mazzo and gideon stare eye to eye ; they rivalry rise to surface . gideon bite lip , repress resentment . " just wait , " gideon 's eyeball say , " I too will have my day . " Jude put he arm around detective gideon : jude you know I have put together a task force for nata , the new antiterror agency , gid , and I be think I might have something that would interest you . gideon 's honore but wary . he quickly calculate pro and con : dect . gideon God know I be flatter . honest , Jude . I be just not sure I could work for you -- jude name a position . dect . gideon ( shake head ) I be willing to be swallow but not digested . I do not want to end up in the rectum . jude I respect that . I can respect dumb . mazzo walk back toward bedroom . CUT to : int . karin' bedroom - night Jude watch as paramedics lower karin 's body onto stretcher , look to milton and Weiss : jude I really wish it be the husband , too . it would be easier . CUT to : int . lobby - night Hawaiian silkscreen now top light , hang on wall . mazzo and milton cross as cop screen income resident . ahead , tv light glare blindingly through front door . CUT to : ext . karin be apt . bldg . - night Reporters yell question as Jude / milton squeeze through press gauntlet without comment . mazzo turn to favor " eyewitness News " crew , recognize dim profile in crowd : ria male . Jude quickly continue ; milt follow . mazzo subtly motion to SAM zegner , 23 , peach - fuzze " print journalist , " as he and avery approach beretta . Jude point to pay phone , dial in pantomine . Sam respond with nod as mazzo and milton enter car , drive away . Sam scurries to phone booth , insert coin , punch dial button : the Jimmy Olson illusion vanish -- just another headline whore . CUT to : int . beretta - night carphone ring . Jude pick up receiver as they drive south through georgetown . Sam speak from m Street phone booth , sometimes off screen , sometimes on screen : SAM rumor say we get a scandal . great go away present , huh , Attorney ? or should I call you director ? congratulation by the way . so? so ? jude it 's still " Mr. Attorney " and no comment , Sam . SAM Jude , please . I have get a lot of dirty mind to feed . jude just this -- but it do not come from I ... SAM of course not -- I be not even on the phone . jude the place reek of sex . you can not imagine . unnatural act . really disgusting -- and one other thing . we do not find any underwear in the apartment . none . not anywhere . SAM sex crime ? jude no , she just do not wear any . you reader oughtta like that . SAM great , I will lead with it . any name involved ? diplomatic corps , I bet . right ? why else would you be there ? must be big -- jude false alarm , nothing there . the Bureau and d.c.p.d. will investigate -- if they can stop pissin on each other . ( a beat ) go for the crime - of-passion , Sam . lead with the domestic angle , follow with the kink . play up the husband . he 's the key . trust I . do this for I , okay ? SAM great , thanks . ( Jude hang up ) mazzo do not bother with goodby . conversation terminate . never transpire . georgetown U. shop and bar pass right and leave . milton have not speak for some time . Jude turn to he : jude I want you to keep I inform on this schreiber case , milt . keep on it . milton from the justice Department ? I do not even know what my job will be after you leave . I may not have access . I may not have a desk . jude what do you mean , justice Department ? ( a beat ) do not I tell you ? milton ( confuse ) what ? jude do you think I would let someone as good as you slip through my hand ? you be come with I to nata -- as first or second assistant , unless something else , of course . I tell you week ago . avery 's palpably relieved . his fear of be leave behind have become a obsession . he would have , of course , remember a earlier offer -- that 's for sure ! -- no matter now . milton I remember now ... jude maybe I be not clear . milton I appreciate the faith you have in I . I will not let you down . CUT to : ext . WASHINGTON harbour - night later that night . beretta drive under whitehurst freeway , turn in sprawling commercial / residential complex -- the " Washington harbour " development , completion date 1987 , postmodern equivalent of watergate Office Building : just as ugly , twice as trendy . on the potomac , south of georgetown , Washington harbour boast cuisinart mix of arch , ariel , bay and balcony -- a yuppie watt tower . Jude park in assign space , enter door flanke by ornamental column . lawn light exaggerate structure 's fairy tale architecture . CUT to : int . 1st floor hall - night he pass mirror of trompe l'oeil wallpaper , wait for elevator , step in as door close . CUT to : int . 2 nd floor hall - night Jude round corner , approach through corridor of " etruscan " mural . each floor have distinct decor -- each a tier of tackiness . mazzo withdraw key , unlock apartment door . CUT to : int . jude's live room - night Jude stride across rectangle room overlook potomac . Arlington County glisten out the window . Furniture and find object sit at odd angle ; behind , a shaker pew be stack with file carton . " superman " pinball machine stand behind . Brian ferry croon " the stroll " from vintage rockola jukebox ; Jude 's footstep echo ferry 's beat . he loosen he tie . CUT to : int . jude's office - night Jude close door , sit at custom - make desk -- crescent slab of green marble atop Mission style base . fade " Washington Senators " pennant hang between celebrity photo . bookshelve blanket the adjoin wall . CNN play silently on desktop tv . Jude remove karin 's purloin necklace , unwrap it . after brief glimpse , he rewrap necklace in handkerchief , lock it in desk drawer . mazzo stare at black phone . it ring off screen . CUT to : int . jude's bedroom - night mazzo roll around sheet , unable to sleep . off screen telephone ring . karin speak in flashback : karin ( v.o. ) Mr. Attorney ? you do not know I . how could you ? we never meet . think I go around with cop ?... int . karin' bedroom - day - flashback - eighteen month before . karin , wear brown negligee , sit on bed , speak on phone . poise finger over disconnect button , she laugh into receiver . dialogue continuous from previous scene : karin ( taunting ) ... who be I ? maybe I be a terrorist . one of the two thousand terrorist run free you talk so much about . Bet you think you be sexy in that discount suit that bulge up the crotch ? ( a beat ) what 's my name ? ( laugh ) why do not you find out ? you be so smart . always give interview , be photograph -- speak of which , you should lose some weight . ( hang up ) CUT to : int . karin' bedroom - day - flashback - similar day . karin , half in negligee , stretch through sheet as she speak to Jude , insinuate phone sex like sorority cockteaser . karin ... Mr. United States Attorney . such a man . can not even find a horny terrorist sympathizer . can not even find a obscene caller , the most obvious thing in the world , a obscene caller , naked , lie here , feel herself , think about Mr. U.S. Attorney think about I in he ugly black shoe all cop wear , with vibram sole ... CUT to : int . karin' bedroom - day - flashback - similar day . karin , in open robe , bolt upright in bed . her phone montage continue : karin ( fake fear ) ... oh , help I , help I ! Mr. Attorney , someone be break into my apartment . he 's crazy . I think he 's tapping my phone . he 's try to get I ! he want to rape I ! ( look up ) he 's here now ! and he have no pants on ! ( fall back ) I be all alone with the man who will rape I . that 's my destiny . I need you ... CUT to : int . karin' bathroom - day - flashback - similar day . karin , on phone , smoking cigarette , soak in steamy tub . bath water reveal she body . karin ... always in black -- do somebody die on you ? ( a beat ) do not kid yourself . you do not appeal to I . you be just a typical little man with a typical belly , a bureaucrat . I imagine you must sweat and wear cheap musk aftershave -- certainly not my favorite ... CUT to : int . karin' bedroom - evening -flashback - similar day . last sun glow through translucent window shade . karin , nude but for lace shawl , lean cross -legge on bed . Brown phone rest strategically atop she crotch . Black cord run between she thigh , across she breast . karin steady base with one hand , finger cord with other as she continue in medias re : karin ...a d.a. must know a million secret , just like a priest . actually it 's you mind I like . I admire all police . I would love to be a stoolie . if you give I the third degree I would do anything . ( listen : flare ) do that with you mother ' cause she 's use to it ! on screen , old building burn inaudibly -- it could be a news report , it could be a movie . SOUND : front door open . squeaky footstep . she flip off tube , twist head : karin who be it ? door latch shut . Black shoe enter screen leave . with vibram sole . Jude step in , speak on wireless phone . he have be converse en route . jude Police . mazzo , sweaty , Nixon -ey , enter in ill - fit black suit , white shirt , wrinkle tie . matted clump of hair hang on forehead . stomach paunch stretch shirt . no cool Jude , this . he cross live area , stand in boudoir . karin slam receiver down , make no attempt to cover herself : karin it 's you , Mr. Attorney . I think it be either the police or a junkie . Jude rest receiver on table , suspiciously sniff hand - roll cigarette , replace butt in ashtray . karin roll over , wrapping bod in bed sheet . mazzo circle : jude what do you want from I ? karin just a little fun . jude why do not you call the vice Department ? karin ( insulted ) what kind of girl do you think I be ? Jude withdraw a staple stack of phone bill from vest pocket , display they : jude you phone call this year . you know this people ? 244-4832 ? huh ? karin they be friend . jude they be terrorist -- suspect terrorist , or sympathizer . karin I do not care about politics . jude they be criminal . murderer . karin lean back . jude do you really think you be go to get away with it ? she shift onto side , revealing bare breast , arouse aureola , nipple . sooth strip of naked skin run length of karin 's body , over hill , over dale . she turn to Jude with o-so brutal bedroom eye : karin what be you go to do with I now that you find I , Mr. Attorney ? torture I ? just a little ? end of flashback CUT to : int . justice dept . reception hall - day tv light harshly illuminate the Grand reception Hall : a press conference be underway . Deco room be dominate by wpa aluminum statue , one on either side of stage . semi-nude 12 - foot figure , male and female , symbolize " the Spirit of justice " ( female ) and " the majesty of the Law " ( male ) . on stage , Jude mazzo stand out in a line of look - alike bureaucrat . the more inconspicuous he try to appear , the more conspicuous he be . he 's the star here and know it . Press listen patiently as attorney general william gabriel read prepare remark . Gabriel , 60 , bald , counter - point jutting jaw with sympathetic expression . assistant a.g. , 40ish , button -down career type , stand beside he . attorney general just as the early year of this century demand a new law enforcement bureau , the FBI , so this difficult time require a new , independent antiterrorist agency , nata , which will coordinate effort of the justice and State department , Army , navy , Air Force , Marine Corps , FBI , CIA , nsc and agency of friendly government ... timecut . Jude , at podium , conclude statement with " thank you . " Press jump to life . question fly . here 's a man to they like . here 's a man who can sell newspaper . Jude be at ease , confident . he mix sincerity with affability -- the mark of a political star . we hear , in jump cut , he answer : jude there may be some inter-agency friction at first -- even " rivalry " as you suggest . nata be not the problem , it 's the answer . ( jump cut ) my father be a proud man , not wealthy but proud . it hurt he so much to hear and read the thing people say about italian - Americans . he want he son to be a lawyer so other would not think we be gangster , so other would know we love America too . ( jump cut ) my " high profile " ? I be glad you ask that -- again . I have always feel law enforcement be mean to be high profile . the United States should not hide from terrorist -- they do not respect cowardice or vacillation . terrorist know who I be and where to find I . if you want to call that high profile -- well , go ahead . I have no desire to be high profile for myself . my goal be to become unknown . the better I do my job the sooner I will be unknown . in five year I plan to be a trivia question . Reporters laugh . other , young , watch enrapted . CUT to : ext . nata headquarters - day West Washington be Capitol 's current architectural showcase . post-modern structure stand shoulder to shoulder along m Street from 24th to 22nd . similar building -- replete with arch and dome -- dot surround street . nata headquarters occupy three - story townhouse near 24th and M. its facade have be restyle to match neighborhood . no identify sign or plaque . only a concrete curbside barrier indicate nature of building . uniform officer in doorway . CUT to : int . nata corridor - day Inside , townhouse be maze of renovation . Building have be gut and redesign , custom - fitte with latest law enforcement technology . Workmen paint unfinish trim as director mazzo lead phalanx of subordinate down corridor . the new staffer , young , unflapable , radiate self - confidence . Jude have choose the best and brightest . milton and Alan , executive Assistant from scene 17 , follow he . they wear laminate identification tag around neck . all federal employee and visitor must display color- code tag indicate they department and security status . Jude , milt and Alan pass through metal detector as guard glance at they tag . additional staffer stand outside conference room as Jude and other enter , exchange greeting . CUT to : int . nata conference room - day assign representative from various law enforcement agency sit at line row of table . name card identify each : State dept , Defense dept , Joint Chiefs , FBI , ig /t , nsc , various state and local police . nata staffer occupy chair behind they . vacant fold table face the other . nata seal hang behind table . room be quiet , as if gossip be a security breach . then , suddenly , Jude stride through , laugh and talk . everyone rise . Jude call out : jude sit down , please ! and loosen up ! it feel like goddamn Bulgaria in here . they chuckle , comply . Jude take a beat , say as he sit : jude just remember to loosen up real tight . laughter . mazzo unfold prepare remark as he survey room . he 's see from many point of view , some quick , some in motion : jude I want to bring all the agency and department together if only for this first meeting . we be all now part of nata . ( speak from note ) I be not a politician but I have be put in charge of a political agency . that 's different from my old job of prosecute criminal . be not it significant to you that this administration choose a man like I at a time like this to direct so sensitive a agency ? consider the reason they single I out . let 's glance at criminal act and political act . the simple basic truth be there be no distinction at all today -- they be alike , the activist and the criminal . ( passionate ) here 's a rule and you better start to memorize it ! in every criminal there be a subversive and in every subversive there be a criminal ! no wonder we find terrorist so often involved in crime like kidnap and robbery . the difference between that who rob bank and that spread terror be too small to be take into account . they have the same objective , the criminal and the terrorist , even though they use different mean : they want to overturn we present social order , we way of life ! the Law shall prevail against upheaval . the Law be permanent and timeless , like sculpture , like a temple . they call this " the Age of terrorism " -- and it 's easy to see why . government cower as they leader wheel and deal with criminal . Nations be hold hostage by thug and vandal . cowardice be call diplomacy . the Law be mock . justice walk the street like a whore . and what do we do ? we defender of the Law ? we watch in disarray , play politics , blame each other . ( emphatic ) no more . remember this day . it mark the end of the Age of terrorism . the Law will be redeeme ! ( stand ) the Law be the answer ! America be back ! other burst into spontaneous applause as they rise . CUT to : int . nata computer CENTER - day mazzo and victor , 30 , nata archivist , enter micro-chip brain bank center . they pass high - tech cubicle , each with computer terminal . the room 's almost ready . a few employee be already on the job . across room , electrician rewire switch box . all row lead to " supercomputer " with four bug- eye screen . they approach as computer technician program console . Victor , all business , speak with deceptive drawl : victor each terminal feed into the super - computer , we call it " Big moma , " which connect to ncic at FBI and select access at langley . ncic alone can handle 400,000 request a day . Cross -file information on every organization in the world . every felon , every taxpayer . every time anybody ever plugge into the system -- it 's all here . completely legal , too -- with memory hide just in case . technician step away as Jude examine supercomputer : jude how be it cross-file ? victor for the core group we index everything : political hist , psych pro , explosive , sex , money , travel , friend , hairstyle -- you name it . I can give you a list of all know radical with bowel problem . you would be surprised how many there be . jude they say information be power . victor then you have get a lot of it . jude this be the real revolution , eh ? can I give this thing a whirl ? victor it 's a little tricky , director . Vic sit , activate quad screen : victor what 's you pleasure ? jude ( pace ) let 's try the schreiber case . first name karin . bear 7-22-63 . murder . motive be political . m Street -- victor ( punch keyboard ) address ? jude 2085 . apartment 5C . Victor enter data at wiz kid speed . lower monitor flash with fact . victor let 's start there . known political contact . occupant history of building . Jude watch as info fill second screen : jude any luck ? victor who be this girl ? look like she bang every Red group in Europe -- plus a couple I never hear of . you want this on screen or should I print it out ? jude print it out . Victor flick switch . mazzo read from printer as it rat-tat - tat toilet roll of data be schreiber . victor there 's probably some fabrication . realized she be under surveillance . God know how much time we spend filing disinformation . okay , here we go . schreiber contact , anarchist , now resident 2085 m Street . jude be they lover ? victor not here . jude let 's see he . victor no color . jude Black and white 's fine . Vic read screen aloud as picture rise from photofax . enlarge snapshot show young ria male amid protester , he face circle . victor bear torino , 9- 11 -64 . most this from interpol . Red Brigades . four arrest in Italy , one Germany . no conviction . be quiet last couple year . Jude rip photo fresh from machine . close - up of ria . jude do we have a tap on he phone ? victor ( check ) since 1985 . mazzo scrunches up he face with hand : jude look at that face ! a real killer 's face ! I will see to it the bastard get put away . CUT to : ext . justice dept . - day out-of-context legend " frame through mutual confidence " engrave high on east facade . CUT to : int . justice dept . - day a mural tribute to the common man surround deco entrance : " Office of the Attorney General . " a cleric pass . voice from within . CUT to : int . attorney general' office - day Attorney General Gabriel warmly greet Jude at he desk . wpa decor be discretely carry over into office . Assistant a.g. stand beside bookshelve . Gabriel dismiss he with flick of eye . Assistant exit with lacky alacrity . attorney general so , Jude ? satisfied ? mazzo sit straight in eileen Gray chair . Jude 's tone vary , at time impassion , other time hurt , coy , ingratiate -- but always calculate : jude Fine . though sometimes I think I be be set up , you know , the scapegoat for all this inter-agency feud . I would not want a scandal . I know the President view this seriously -- attorney general ( wisecrack ) the President view movie seriously . jude what I really need be a great many more permanent member at my disposal -- perhaps a hundred . the country be frighten . and more funding so we could pay we informer better . Gabriel pace , examine object d'art , return to seat : attorney general I will bring it up . jude and what I would like , really like ... ( hesitates ) attorney general go on . jude ... really like maybe three apartment in various capital , in quiet neighborhood , practical , my informant could be there and establish the kind of relationship that be more ... confidential than it be now . terrorist have state sponsor , more resource -- attorney general it 's not that bad . you act like they blow up you office . jude I would rather act than react , sir . attorney general ( stung ) you can have you apartment . but , officially , my office must know nothing . jude my staff have prepare a list of another 200 suspicious person and tap must really go on they phone . now I do not know how the Department okay this . must I make a official request or what ? attorney general taken care of . ( look up ) anything else ? jude oh yes , there 's that extraordinary killer they be try to find . attorney general the schreiber case . jude Mrs. karin schreiber . attorney general beautiful woman . I have see she photograph . jude ( sheepish ) well , I , ah , use to know she . in fact she and I have ... a little ... affair . Gabriel smile , impressed : attorney general not bad . ( lascivious ) how be she ? good ? jude ( awkward ) well ... not bad ... ( hesitates ) well , I want to know if I should inform the agent who be on it . I do not know , I really do not . Gabriel stand without comment , terminate meeting : attorney general ( pleasant ) good day . jude be that all ? Attorney Gabriel escort mazzo to door like proud father : attorney general that 's it . ( shake Jude 's hand ) they be all watch you , Jude . you have make quite a impression . you have get the press like this : ( cup hand ) there 's one thing I do not understand . why do you think people like you so ? Jude answer without hesitation , as if state a simple fact : jude ( ingenuous ) I make them feel good . Gabriel nod , walk toward desk , turn to Jude as mazzo exit : attorney general the husband . it must be he . CUT to : int . jude's justice dept . office - day Lt. Weiss watch as mazzo pack memorabilia in bekins box : ceremonial paperweight , photo , etc . his office be half - empty , stripped of non-institutional furnishings . Jude 's move to nata . lo. weiss sure I can not help , director ? jude almost do . first rule of public service : pack quick . I will be at nata tomorrow . you start to brief I on the schreiber case -- I hate to see my last case unsolve . it 's like leave dirty laundry -- milt shoulda be here by now . lo. weiss you know there 's this jurisdictional thing between we and FBI . Day to day , D.C. get nothing from the Bureau . but come a sexy case and they be all over we , pull rank , take credit . I be sick of it . jude too bad you could not come with I to nata . lo. weiss huh ? jude I want you . lo. weiss you know I -- jude it be just that damn n.c. urine test . Winston - Salem , 1979 , with minute trace of you - know - what -- and it 's not just I who know . lo. weiss ( panic ) it be a college thing , honest . they say it be off the book . I know it be -- jude do not worry . it 's under control . I will just bring you in later . lo. weiss believe I -- jude I do . do not apologize . ( look up ) here 's milton . ( to milt ) where be you ? Lt. Weiss be bring I up to date on schreiber . milton ( nod to Weiss ) I have already hear . Lt. Weiss recite report : lo. weiss look like you be right on the husband . we track he , then gideon pull rank , take he to FBI . I hear he 's babbling like a brook . guess what ? the lab crew turn up a pale blue thread from under the victim 's fingernail . a single strand . it must come from the killer 's tie . jude his tie ? milton yeah , he tie . jude ( scornful ) first you tell I the killer be nude , in the sex act , now he 's humping nude with a blue tie on -- right ? Weiss and milton , chagrine , exchange exculpatory glance . lo. weiss we be wait for the thread analysis . and there be the fingerprint , of course . they're at FBI too . there 's nothing solid there . only yours . jude only mine ! CUT to : ext . FBI build - afternoon amber-lit in brutal majesty . female voice hear from within : fingerprint analyst ( o.s. ) ... surprisingly little consider the circumstance . the victim 's print , that of the clean woman , irretrievable grease-mark ... CUT to : int . latent fingerprint analysis unit - afternoon close - up : back - light slide of fingerprint take from crime scene . uninflected voice continue : f'print analyst ( o.s. ) ... perhaps the killer clean up , perhaps he wear glove -- jude he ? mazzo , gideon , milton and Weiss flank bryn mawrish FBI fingerprint analyst , 26 . male colleague work nearby . lfau lab be immaculate . dect . gideon judge from wound and bruise , assailant be male , well - build , perhaps short in stature . description fit Jude . f'print analyst ( point ) this be director mazzo 's . Lt. Weiss lean to examine slide : lo. weiss here 's the shower faucet -- you turn it on . the refrigerator handle . several from a drink glass . milton ( unctuous ) you have a drink of water , remember , director ? you be not feel well . dect. gideon watch as Weiss and milton vie to rationalize Jude 's fingerprint . lo. weiss ( describe slide ) the telephone -- milton you make a call . I see you . lo. weiss the tape deck . you play that . ( to gideon ) what about the thread ? from the tie ? gideon take moment to answer : dect . gideon at fiber Analysis . they say it may be unique , even traceable -- a long shot . Sky blue , silk -- ( to Jude ) I seem to remember you be wear a tie like that the day of the murder . a coincidence , but do you remember by any chance where you buy it ? gideon stare at Jude : he tone 's innocent but he eye be ice . milton shift uncomfortably ; Weiss cough . Jude , oblivious , wrinkle brow : jude Boy , I can not ... , I will have to check the label ... milton it 's all moot anyway . the husband 's gonna confess . I hear it 's just a matter of time . just like you think , a crime of passion . lo. weiss ( to gideon ) what a disappointment for the FBI . dect . gideon ( to Weiss ) a tribute to superior police work . jude where be he ? CUT to : int . FBI corridor - afternoon interrogation be hear off screen as Jude walk through concrete passageway , turn corner . gideon , milton and Weiss follow . CUT to : int . observation room / interrogation room - afternoon mazzo enter tiny observation room , stand before one - way mirror . FBI type step back as milt and Weiss squeeze behind Jude . frame in interrogation room mirror , two FBI interrogators grill george schreiber , 42 , karin 's ex-husband -- survivor of three revolution : sexual , political , drug . he lose all three . gideon bypass observation room , enter interrogation room where Georges sit slump in lone chair . Jude and other watch through mirror as interrogator harrangue Georges : FBI interrogator # 1 why do not you divorce you wife ? FBI interrogator # 2 let 's be blunt . why mince word ? be not you a practice homosexual at the time you separate from Mrs. schreiber ? FBI interrogator # 1 you faggot ! FBI interrogator # 2 do not she catch you take she money to buy little boy on p Street ? interrogator nod to gideon as he join they . Georges protest : george it be not like that . do not put it like that . I love she . I really do . FBI interrogator # 1 ( circle ) be that so ? dect . gideon make up you mind . you might as well . we know everything about you . Inside observation room , Weiss and other watch interrogation like it 's a play . milton whisper to Jude : milton he 's try to get sympathy . he will not last long . back in interrogation room : dect . gideon okay , Georges , you be a artist , a decorator , a sensitive person . we will try to help you . just tell we the whole story . slowly , calmly . start with the morning you wife karin be kill . george I already tell you . dect . gideon tell we again . george I have pick up my car . I be back on the beltway . you could not get where you be go . traffic be back up , at a standstill -- in observation room , man comment : FBI type that 's the truth . in interrogation room , Georges continue : george -- million of car . everyone honk they horn . interrogator # 1 snort with disgust ; # 2 chuckle : Georges plaintively pan from one to other . george I be answer everything you ask . I be tell you everything honest . dect . gideon ( tough ) hah ! not quite everything . no , you have not talk at all about everything . ( grab Georges ' hair ) for example , you have not talk about how you use you wife to push you career until she refuse . you do not tell we that , a friend of yours tell we ... observation room . mazzo watch as karin introduce flashback : karin ( v.o. ) I have get a way to wake you up ... CUT to : int . karin' bedroom - day - flashback - nine month before . Jude , wear white dress shirt and jockey short , snore face - up on sheet . karin , in negligee , bend over he , shake Jude 's shoulder . karin ... third degree I . get up , do something . do not sleep . jude leave I alone . karin com'on , I like it when you question I . you be so suspicious of I -- it remind I of my father . com 'on , third degree I . interrogate I . mazzo bolt up as karin push something under he nose . he stand , yank she off bed : jude alright , first get off the bed . off the bed ! now get down on you knee ! ( push she to floor ) straighten up ! straight ! Jude step to bureau , light cigarette , sit with detach cool of experience interrogator . karin giggle : karin the silent treatment , right ? that come first to scare they . jude straighten up . she do . mazzo walk over , circle she closely , look askance like a caesar : jude now imagine the terrible hour ahead of you . the cruel question , the constant trick , the threat . everything . try to recall the most shameful , the dirtiest thing you ever do . think about the fact that I will discover all this secret because the government offer I the mean to strip you down to anything I want . ( slap she ) straighten up ! you begin to think of all the hide sin you have commit . you quilt complex take over . karin ( girlish ) that 's not frightening . third degree I . be my terrorist . Jude cradle she face in he hand : jude you want I to interrogate you ? to frighten you ? karin nod grin . he sharply twist she ear ; she howl . jude talk , talk ! tell I you most shameful secret . confess everything , the little sin you commit everyday . then I will forgive you and protect you . karin ( excited ) you treat they like baby . jude everyone become a child again when confront by official authority . by the power that belong to the police . ( slap she ) sit up straight ! ( slap she again ) listen . do not move . the Law . all law , conscious and unconscious law , make the accuse become like a child . ( dement ) the accuser become the father , the perfect father that can not be attack , that must be pleased at any price ! ( contort expression ) my face start to be God 's face to you ! it 's a game stage to touch off you deep fear . mazzo glance at karin 's now anxious face . he pick bouquet of dry flower from wastebasket , speak in soothing tone : jude hey , do not look so worried . ( sit alongside ) I be try to explain this whole mentality because you can not see that it 's the basis , the whole foundation of official authority . Professors , doctor , head of political party , even ticket taker . karin you be much more like a child than any father , believe I , you be -- Jude muzzle karin with dead bouquet mid-sentence , push she prone to floor : jude you should not have say that . the other be child . here ... Jude arrange flower around she face , say playfully : jude ... now I will show you how we find that whore in the medical office ! end of flashback CUT to : int . interrogation room - afternoon five sweaty interrogator surround Georges . interrogator # 3 , apprentice addition , wipe foggy glass on sleeve . Georges schreiber , dehydrated , maintain innocence : george -- I just tell you -- FBI interrogator # 2 ( hostile ) when you gonna give up that phoney traffic jam story ? FBI interrogator # 1 fag bullshit . george please , I tell you ... interrogation 's get nowhere . gideon back FBI boy off : dect . gideon okay , okay , wait , wait . let 's leave Mr. schreiber alone for awhile . all by yourself . that way you can decide what you should do . what the truth be . the rest of you , step out with I . interrogator leave with gideon . CUT to : int . interrogation corridor - afternoon Jude exit observation room , join as gideon calm interrogator : dect . gideon it 's alright , take a break ... jude ( to gideon ) you yell so loud . why do you guy yell so loud ? dect . gideon ( frustrated ) I yell so loud because I learn from you . okay ? mazzo do not answer , walk into interrogation room . gideon wait till Jude 's go : dect . gideon why do not he mind he own business ? he 's get he own agency now . FBI interrogator # 1 he like to interfere . dect . gideon let he try . CUT to : int . interrogation room - afternoon Georges , hunch over , turn as Jude squat beside chair . mazzo offer cigarette : jude a clich ? -- take it anyway . ( Georges do ) you decorate ambassador arburg 's house , right ? in Arlington ? Georges acknowledge as Jude light tremble cigarette . jude I think so . all modern -- in a contemporary way . ( Georges flatter ) Mr. schreiber , when be the last time you see you wife ? george two week prior to the murder . but I be in touch cause I be be threaten . this man . somebody who call . jude who be he ? george I do not know . anonymous phone call . he call I late once , twice . he have the tone of someone who command other . jude why do they do it ? george they have fun make I suffer . humiliate I . I be so confuse . maybe I do kill she . jude what do he threaten you with ? this unknown caller ? george he would say to I , " I be gonna tell the cop today you be a transvestite . " I think he 's someone important karin know . a army man maybe , I do not know . or , or a politician . some people say she be a terrorist sympathizer but she like any man with lot of power . jude the name . tell I what the name be . george I do not know . if I do , I would not be here . that man 's the murderer . jude ( face to face ) so you never know he name ? right ? george no . the man never tell it . Jude offer he hand . Georges take it , stand . jude you will be get out . do not worry at all about it . george ( confuse ) thanks . Jude walk out . CUT to : int . interrogation hallway - afternoon gideon and FBI interrogator meet Jude outside door . dect . gideon well ? jude ( effeminate ) the poor boy be innocent . they all laugh . dect . gideon you do not mean that ? jude I promise you he 's innocent . other watch as he walk off . CUT to : ext . nata hdqt - night only a few light dot the nocturnal complex . Jude mazzo 's office window shine particularly bright . the other have go appropriately home . CUT to : int . jude's nata office - night Jude listen to cheap tape cassette player as he do sit - up . he 's alone with moment of truth : jude's voice " at 10 a. marry , May 7 , I enter the apartment of karin schreiber and kill she . her murder be premeditate ... " jude ( overlap ) ... meditate ... jude's voice " ... there be only one extenuate circumstance . " timecut . later . Jude , in black suit and tie , sit at desk . cassette player continue : jude's voice " the victim systematically ... " jude / jude's voice ... make a laugh - stock of I . jude's voice " ... I leave clue everywhere not purposely to sidetrack the investigation ... " Jude cut off tape , continue confession from memory , he arm swinging : jude ... not purposely to sidetrack the investigation but to prove the case . to prove the case . Jude restart cassette : jude's voice " I leave clue everywhere , not purposely to sidetrack the investigation , but to prove the case . to prove the case . " jude to prove the case . to prove the case . mazzo rewind , restart recording : jude's voice " to prove the case . to prove the case . the case that I be a man completely above suspicion . " Jude rewind , echos confession from memory , he arm swinging : jude / jude's voice ... that I be a man completely above suspicion . jude's voice " ... it be a idea that take control of I . there be ... " jude / jude's voice ( tape pause ) ... extenuate circumstance . CUT to : ext . l'enfant plaza - late night mazzo , clutching bulky 8x14 envelope , walk briskly across L'Enfant Plaza in south Washington . Square red granite structure enclose sterile courtyard . i.m. pei 's International style complex be empty by night , eerie as Ozymandias . Jude pass fountain light by yellow globe , stop outside postal service West Building ; he place stamp / address enevelope in mail box , enter deluxe L'Enfant Plaza Hotel . CUT to : int . l'enfant HOTEL lobby - late night Jude dial from phone cubicle in desert ostentatious " concourse . " he hover over receiver , place handkerchief to mouth as call ring in earpiece . Sam Zegner , hotshot reporter from scene 30 , answer sleepily : SAM ( o.s. ) yes ? jude ( disguise voice ) Sam Zegner ? crime desk ? SAM ( o.s. ) yeah , who 's this ? jude I can not tell you who this be . they have get my phone tapped . SAM ( o.s. ) be this a joke or what ? jude listen . D.C. homicide will tomorrow receive a envelope contain the necklace of the murder woman karin schreiber , the killer 's razor blade . that rule out the husband . SAM ( o.s. ) why be you try to disguise you voice ? I recognize you right away . Jude quickly hang up , heart pound , face flushed . CUT to : int . computer CENTER - day nata 's nerve center be fully operational . row of isolate young man and woman work silently in computer cubicle . some replay wiretap tape on headphone ; other enter data , take note . Jude and Alan check out cubicle as they stride toward supercomputer . pretty programmer in Fair Isle sweater glance at Jude flirtatiously , return to monitor . Victor and Computer technician work at Big moma console . jude ( to Alan ) ... if the government do not attack terrorism , pornography , drug , who will ? the Civil liberty Union ? the press ? the aspca ? of course we have personal rights -- society have great rights ! Society have the right to defend itself by whatever mean necessary . whatever mean necessary . mazzo interrupt Victor : jude the new tap should be in -- huh , Victor ? victor about half , director , but please , do not take on more tap without additional staff . we be backlogge . we just label and file most of they . look -- Vic punch out successive screen of code info : phone number , initial , date , etc . victor this be just the current tap . there 's a million hour in storage , know but to God . we pull and collate the ria male tap you want . about 30 hour . the most recent two day ago . they be in you office . great office , by the way , director . voice call " director mazzo . " Jude turn as Lt. Weiss approach , tabloid in hand . avery milton follow at distance . Weiss catch he breath : lo. weiss the killer go to the press . they be tip before we get the evidence -- milton ( enthuse ) the reporter 's home phone be on you tap list . can you believe such luck ? they be locating it now . Jude just nod , walk away . CUT to : int . jude's nata office - day mazzo 's new office be even hipper than last : casa vogue wall to wall . Memphis chair , paint D.C. map , frame photo and fade pennant be integrate into neo-classical decor . one wall 's inexplicably barren . Jude examine log as phone wiretap play on cassette deck . Weiss and milton , stand , listen to ria male speak bad audio with young Hispanic later know as tomas : tomas ( o.s. ) ria , where have you be ? I have be try to reach you . ria ( o.s. ) I be at police headquarters all morning . they be question I about karin 's murder . tomas ( o.s. ) do they know anything ? ria ( o.s. ) no , they be question all the resident of the building . tomas ( o.s. ) not even that you would sleep with she ? ria ( o.s. ) shut up ! do not you know my phone 's bugge ? -- and now that I be on the point , I would like to speak to the cop that be listen . one cop in particular . comrade Officer , you have the disgusting job of spying on third World liberation -- which you call " terrorism . " give up ! you be doom to fail -- jude ( rise ) enough ! shut it off ! milton cut off tape . Jude look out window as karin 's voice segues to flashback : karin ( v.o. ) ( cruel ) you be disgusting . will you throw away that undershirt ?... CUT to : int . karin' bedroom - day - flashback - nine month before . karin , nearly naked , belittle Jude as she apply mascara . he button white shirt over undershirt , pull on black nylon sock . his shirt 's wear from repeat washing . karin ... everything you wear be impossible . do not worry , I will not tell you mother . and change that shirt . you look like a head waiter . and that little black sock you wear like a priest . or like what you really be , a policeman . do not you have a suit with style ? a bit brighter ? with some life to it ? mazzo hide behind hard expression : jude ( curt ) no . karin people cross the street when they see you come because they can tell you be a cop . you police stink of barrack , jail , courtroom . Priests at least smell like incense . they ought to pass out a deodorant to the police and teach they to use it . karin cross room as Jude knot cheap black tie . she pick up scissors , approach Jude , cut he tie slowly . once , then twice . she kiss he blank face , walk to mirror . mazzo wait to speak : jude I could kill you . with my own two hand . karin ( comb hair ) who would catch you ? you would control the investigation . end of flashback CUT to : int . jude's nata office - day same day as previous office scene . mazzo , milton , Weiss and Alan listen to wiretap conversation . Jude 's muffle phone voice speak from L'Enfant lobby : jude ( o.s. ) ... a envelope contain the necklace of the murder woman karin schreiber ... Weiss turn to other : lo. weiss listen . who do this remind you of ? jude Sam Zegner ? lo. weiss yes , but the other ? jude ( shrug ) where 's the envelope he 's talk about ? milton FBI . lo. weiss gideon pull rank . they be all over we after the story hit . jude that 's it either way . that prove the husband 's innocent . milton just like you say . he will be release . lo. weiss ( shake head ) gideon will not do it . he say he 's in charge of the case and he 's hold he and that 's that . jude the man be innocent . ( walk away ) petty bureaucrat . CUT to : ext . nata hdqr - evening mazzo wave off Alan : jude ... do not need security before , do not need it now ! ( jocular ) would not I be a hell of a hostage ? Jude laugh head for assign space where beretta sit wash and polished . Sam Zegner , lie in wait , intercept mazzo . they inch toward Jude 's metallic coupe . jude Sam , what -- ? SAM do you read my story on the schreiber necklace ? ( Jude nod ) what should I tell he ? jude tell who ? SAM detective gideon at the FBI . jude tell he about what ? SAM he want I to tell he who tip I about the envelope . you understand . jude why be you ask I ? SAM you make that phone call . jude do not be stupid . how could I call before the package even arrive ? SAM but you make the call ! Jude stop beside beretta , flare back at young reporter : jude do not you ever say a thing like that ! that I call you ! I never call you ! SAM ( vacillate ) but -- jude ( open door ) I do favor for you , you know . so you just watch out . Sam retreat as director mazzo sit in coupe , slam door , start engine . Zegner 's mind reel with rationalization as Jude drive down 24th . file this " forgotten . " CUT to : int . beretta - evening Jude sit behind wheel in cold sweat , suddenly frighten . he regulate he breathe : in - out , in - out , calming down . be Jude 's cool he cover ? or he turn - on ? karin 's hand flash before he face as traffic noise dissolves to flashback . CUT to : ext . pennsylvania ave . - day - flashback - six month before . Jude 's moving Pov through beretta windshield : karin 's hand pull away , revealing thoroughfare run deadend to rotunda dome . Pennsylvania Avenue , nation 's # 1 drag strip , stretch from White House to Capitol Hill . Rod Stewart sing over dashboard speaker : " do you think I be sexy ? " mazzo wear wraparound sunglass , glance from side mirror to rearview to windshield . he break for red light . Black traffic officer in white uniform watch intersection from far curb . karin lean to lightly kiss Jude , whisper teasingly : karin go ahead . go ahead , run it . you can do it ... jude ( overlap )