detroit rock CITY written by Carl V dupre fade in : int . mrs . bruce's live room - night decorate in Carol brady chic . when it 's not gaudy , tacky , and loud , it 's blander than toast . color like lime green and sunshine orange should be reserve for popsicle only . mrs . bruce , late 30' , enter look exhaust . she carry a glass of wine in one hand and a book in the other , erma bombeck 's the grass be always greener over the septic tank . humming " we have only just begun , " Mrs. Bruce crouch next to she wildly - ancient entertainment center complete with 8 - track . she flip the first record forward on she ronco record mate . album after album flap forward . olivia Newton - John , Neil diamond , the osmond Brothers . she stop on the carpenter and sigh at the serene cover art . just what the doctor order . place the vinyl on the turntable , she click the dustcover close and flick " play . " reclining in she lazyboy , she sip she wine , open the book and await the mellow tone of Karen carpenter . suddenly , she eardrum be hammer by machine gun guitar . caustic rock ' not roll assault she sense . she jump , spilling she wine all over herself . this be not the carpenter ... it's kiss ! Racing to the entertainment center , she turn the volume control knob so violently , it come off in she hand . the music be even louder now . fluster by the awful noise , she try lift the dustcover . it 's stick . she scream and cover she ear . this be Hell . running to the rear of the huge console , she stretch to reach the plug , but can not . fingertip millimeter away . as the cacophony pound she shake the entire stereo with all she frantic might . screeeeeech ! the needle scrape across the vinyl with a shrill , finally come to a stop . whew , silence ! then , pop , the dustcover open unceremoniously . shaken , she grab the record with tremble hand and read the label ... kiss - love gun , side two Mrs. Bruce 's blood boil . mrs . bruce kiss ! the devil 's music ! ext . lex's house - night a small , two -story house amid a suburban neighborhood of other two-story house . uninspire architecture . spindly tree . two -car garage . a faint yellow glow emanate from a cellar window across which shadow frantically dart . over the cricket , we hear muffled , badly - rendered rock ' not roll . scratchy , guttural , inhuman . camera move to the cellar window . Inside we see four teenage boy who be to blame for the racket . Band practice . int . lex's basement / bedroom - night a inner-sanctum of kiss devotion . faux - wood panele be plaster with countless kiss poster , picture , fold -out . the ceiling be wallpaper with more kiss poster . kiss doll , magazine , record , comic book clutter the shag-carpete floor . fast food wrapper heap over the kiss garbage pail . the four high schooler rock they heart out as they blast a familiar tune offensively off - key . boy singing " I wanna rock and ' roll all night and party every day ! " they stink , but they sure be try hard . meet the band " mystery . " concert tee-shirt , holey jeans , total burn-out . hawk , a scraggily - haire , disenchant youth , strain he vocal chord on the microphone as he scratch at he rhythm guitar . Hawk be sort of the brain of this operation , but know the other , that do not say much . lex pound a bass with earnest determination . lanky with bad posture , lex be already sport worry line . he take everything way-too-seriously . trip strum lead guitar like he 's hammer nail . all id , trip be slightly out of he mind . but , be it the chemical or just he chemistry . he always wear a knit cap . jam , a sensitive kid ( but no wuss ) , bash on he drum like a madman make the bass drum pulsate like a spastic heart . the big drum bear the word " mystery " paint on its skin with a lightning " S " just like the kiss logo . they bring the classic tune to a shriek conclusion and thrust they hand over they head in the kiss symbol . Hawk scream into the mike at they imaginary audience . hawk thank you , Cleveland ! you be a great crowd . but after three and a half hour of kick - ass rock and seven encore on top of that , I be sorry to say that this time we really gotta get back to we hotel room and fuck some groupy . behind he , trip grab lex 's bass and swing it by the neck at a amp pretend to bash it over and over again . lex quickly yank it away from he . lex what the fuck , trip ? that 's my bass ! jam emerge from behind the pile of drum smile . jam that be curly ! trip just one more day of school to get through , girl , before tomorrow night ... live ! ( get excited ) cobo Hall ! Detroit , Michigan ! ( like a announcer ) you want the best ! all four boy you get the best ! the hot band in the world ... kiss !! they all make that breath SOUND that mimic a scream crowd . suddenly , headlight swing by in the window above they like a spotlight . lex hop onto the unmade bed and look out the cellar window . lex's Pov a baby - shit green , Ford station wagon with fake wood side screech into the driveway . Mrs. Bruce get out and stomp toward the house . lex gasp at the sight . lex shit ! it 's jam 's mom ! jam gulp as if he 's just shat out a whole can of lincoln log . jam my mom ? oh , no ! what 's she do here ? lex quickly throw a kiss towel over a tv tray hide a bong , cigarettes , overload ashtray . trip kick half - empty beer bottle under the bed . Hawk spray lysol frantically around the room as jam shovel gum into he mouth . knock , knock , knock ! Mrs. Bruce pound on the cellar window crouching to see in . she look like a craze , underlit psycho . mrs . bruce ( muffle through glass ) jeremiah ! jeremiah Bruce ! you get out here this instant ! the boy look up like innocent , wide - eye angel . jam wave . jam oh , hi , mom . mrs . bruce ( scream ) now ! jam quickly pocket he drumstick and grab he wear , denim jacket off the pile of jacket on the floor , then run upstairs . the other follow . ext . lex's house / front porch - night the front door open . jam step out to greet he mom with a nervous smile . Hawk , lex , and trip stand at a safe distance in the foyer behind he . jam what 's up ? Mrs. Bruce grab she son by the ear and hold up the kiss love gun record wave it in he face . mrs . bruce the devil 's body count , that 's what 's up ! do not you know what kiss stand for ? " Knights in Satan 's service ! " she haul jam across the lawn . Hawk , lex , and trip step onto the porch look on in sympathetic embarrassment . Mrs. Bruce stuff the record in the trash can then throw jam in the front seat . screech , the station wagon pull away . trip jam have yet to do a overnight with we . lex I have a nightmare once that something like this might happen . I hope he do not get ground again . if he miss Peter criss 's drum solo , I do not know if he will be able to handle it . hawk lex , quit try to always jinx thing . do not worry , dude . nobody 's miss that concert tomorrow night . MAIN title close - up the love gun album sit in the trash can . camera move in on the round label till it fill the frame . the record begin to spin like on a turntable as camera descend into the little hole engulfing the frame in black . this lead we into ... open title sequence " rock ' not roll all nite " blast the way it 's suppose to sound . the jammin' kiss classic be accompany by a barrage of quick cut depict kiss mania . tv appearance . concert footage . Magazine cover . comic book . poster . Art work . kiss merchandise , doll , lunch box , clothes , etc . we see the band do they thing in authentic clip from real show . gene , paul , ace , and peter shout it out loud . the montage be a colorful , kick - ass kaleidoscope of the entire kiss phenomenon . CUT to the beat of this seminal anthem . the final image be the kiss " destroyer " poster . end credit ticket check int . jam' bedroom - day the sun 's early morning ray beam through the kiss " destroyer " poster tape onto a window shade . the phone ring . jam bolt upright , he profile block the poster . he have just awaken under the only other decoration in he room : a crucifix . still dress in last night 's clothes , a plain black tee - shirt and blue jeans , jam leap out of bed unwittingly plant a foot in the handle of a bullworker ( a piece of exercise equipment comprise of a powerful spring with two handle on either end ) whose other handle be stick under one of the bed 's leg . jam run to a phone on he dresser , draw the bullworker 's powerful spring out to maximum tension . no sooner do he pick up , when he be yank to the floor and drag across it as if tie to the bumper of a speed car . despite the bullworker pull he back toward he bed , jam do manage to get the phone to he ear . jam hello ? the phone 's cord stretch taut cause its cradle to leap from the dresser and whack jam on the head . int . lex's basement / bedroom - day Hawk be on the phone as lex and trip scour every inch of the cluttere room on they hand and knee search frantically for something . hawk jam , listen up . jam ( o.s. ) Hawk ? hawk just listen up , man , cause we be in a quandary . int . jam' bedroom - day jam clutches the phone with he shoulder grunting as he do battle with the bullworker for possession of he foot . hawk ( o.s. ) be you on the crapper with one of that antenna phone ? sound like you be take a dump the size of butte , Montana . jam it 's my bullworker . hawk ( o.s. ) anyway , listen up . they be go ! jam what 's go ? hawk ( o.s. ) the kiss ticket , you nimrod ! they be just fuckin ' go ! please tell I you have be ! jam ( panicked ) go !? why would I have the kiss tick ...? hawk ( o.s. ) just check whatever you be wear last night . now ! jam briefly scan he surroundings double - take at the denim jacket lie on the floor . he check the pocket and see four ticket label kiss - JUNE 7 , 1978 - cobo hall , detroit . jam whew ! oh , God , Hawk ... I get be ! somehow I musta take trip 's jacket by mistake ! int . lex's basement / bedroom - day Hawk sigh like a deathrow convict pardon at the last second . hawk ( to other ) he 's get be ! lex and trip collapse with relief . hawk trip , he take you jacket by mistake . you must be wear jam 's . trip reach in a breast pocket and pull out rosary bead . spook , he drop they like they be a bug . hawk ( into phone ) cool . jam ( o.s. ) I be really sorry about that , man . hawk do not be a fembot . so , be you like ground because of last night , or what ? int . jam' room - day jam of course , but have that ever stop I before ? besides , my mom 's go to some church meeting and will not be back till late . no sweat ... see you guy in school . click . dial tone . jam hang up . int . lex's basement / bedroom - day lex buckle he belt with its huge kiss belt buckle . lex poor , jam , man . imagine have to stash you kiss record inside Carly Simon album cover . no question , Mrs. Bruce be a psycho-bitch from hell . trip you be one to talk , lex . you mom 's a fuckin ' dyke . trip pocket he wallet which be affix to a long chain attach to a side belt loop . lex trip , a female gynecologist do not a lesbian make . and even if it do , at least my mom do not give birth to I while she be on lsd . trip shroom ! and even if it be lsd , I can still give my mom a kiss without smell the catch of the day . hawk both you asshole , shaddap ! lex and trip shaddap . hawk enough of the mom-bash , all right ? lex 's mom be cool about we crash over here while she 's out of town . and if it be not for trip 's mom , we would n'ta smoke that fine Panama Red last night . so leave the woman who give you life out of it . they be both cool . trip and lex cease and desist the mom-bash and continue get ready for school . suddenly , lex push trip angrily . lex trip , you fuckin ' asshole . trip what ? lex point to a wet mess on the pillow . lex you spill my Sea monkey all over the bed . dressing up int . jam' bedroom - day jam give the bullworker one final yank . this time it come loose ... not from he foot , but from under the bed . its handle lash up slapping he across the face . ouch . fully awake now , jam throw on trip 's denim jacket . he stuff a drumstick into he leave sock . we see " mystery " write on it . just as he 's about to stick the other one in he right sock ... without a second of warning , or even a knock , Mrs. Bruce suddenly enter . immediately jam stand . mrs . bruce jeremiah , what be you do ? jam uhh ... nothing . she turn to he closet , the door block she view of the kiss poster . jam leap to the window and yank the " destroyer " shade . it shoot up , flapping around its rod . he 's do this before . Mrs. Bruce peek at jam from around he closet door . he stretch in front of the window . jam ahh , sunshine . mrs . bruce you be go to be late if you do not hurry up and change soon . jam Change ? what 's wrong with what I get on ? mrs . bruce it 's dirty laundry for one thing and for another , you still have not wear the clothes I buy you . you be skate on thin ice already , young man , so I would not push my luck . now get out of that rag . jam but , mom ! mrs . bruce besides , that jeans be so tight I can see you penis . jam reluctantly take off the denim jacket as Mrs. Bruce grab the single drumstick from he hand and shake it at he . mrs . bruce someday you will see the futility in forging a musical career with that idiot . she turn and rummages through the closet . jam ( to himself ) they be not idiot . mrs . bruce now do not forget you be on the honor system tonight . I will be home a little after one and if you have be party or play that satanic kiss music ... well , need I remind you of the consequence ? jam ground for the rest of the year ? mrs . bruce you be a smart boy , jeremiah . and so handsome . she pull two sear department store box from the closet and lay they on the bed . jam be visibly horrify . this be you mother ! / the girl room ext . ROBERT f. kennedy high - day the suburban high school be teeming with morning activity . School bus pull up to the curb . kide arrive in drove and immediately find they clique . the jock and primadonnas make up the popular crowd . there 's DISCO dude , freshmen who look like grade schooler , and geek . at the smoking section hang the burnout . Hawk , trip , and lex stand amid the other long -hair . trip School . what a fuckin ' waste of time . two girl with ton of make - up , hair so feathered it could fly , and tight clothes , saunter by snapping gum . hawk will somebody please tell that chick disco be dead . lex stellas . I hate stellas almost as much as I hate dog . trip same species when you think about it . they word say one thing , but they eye say another . they can not stop gawk at the chick ' ass . girl # 1 sneer back . girl # 1 do not stare too long , you will go blind . the boy quickly cover . lex ( defensive ) yeah , right . she wish . look at that big ass . trip you know what they say about a big ass ... big shit . they chuckle . just then , jam step off a school bus in a unbelievably geeky outfit , white corduroy slack , plaid shirt buttone to the top , argyle sock and brown deck shoe . trip hey , that dork look just like jam . Hawk and lex look and laugh when they see he . lex shit , that dork be jam . hawk ( to jam ) yo , doofus ! jam give they the finger . int . school locker area - day Hawk , trip , lex , and jam grab book from they locker . kiss sticker , photo , and rock magazine cut-out line the inside . jam 's locker door be cover with Peter criss only . trip so , jam , who do you wardrobe , tad the preppie sailboat captain ? jam hey , my mom have I over a barrel , all right . after last night , I have to let she dress I today . it 's a give and take relationship . lex yeah , she give you shit and you take it . hawk okay , enough . enough . gimme the ticket . I wanna hold onto they . jam they be still at my house in trip 's jacket . hawk they be what ? jam she be stand right over I when I be change for fuck 's sake . trip that 's some sick shit right there . do she comb you ass hair for you too ? lex if you mom so much as smell that ticket , they be history , and we get screw outta see kiss for the third year in a row , the third year ! jam do not worry about it . they be perfectly safe . we can pick they up after school . my mom will not be home . it 's no problem . hawk all right . after school we double - time it to you house for the tix before head to the train station for the 2:45 to Detroit rock City . jam check . the bell ring . hawk as they say in the tampon biz , see you next period . slam ! they shut they locker in unison . int . study hall - day the study hall teacher grade papers . on the wall a picture of President Carter hang next to Old glory . the word " be quiet " be write on the blackboard . student study , read , doodle , sleep . jam be at he desk touch up the word " mystery " on he drumstick . next to he sit beth . quirky , but cute , she stare longingly at he want to say something , but not have the gut . please with he work , jam put the drumstick on the desk and open a Peter criss album cover notebook depict countless doodle of the kiss logo , the mystery logo , and renderings of Peter criss . Beth sigh and open she own notebook . drawing of heart fill the page . in they be write " Beth + jeremiah " and " I love jeremiah . " then , one of jam 's drumstick roll off the desk and onto the floor . Beth quickly reach down to grab it for he just as he bend to get it too . thud , they bash head . jam oof! ( whisper ) sorry . rubbing she head , she smile and hand he the drumstick . beth no problem . jam thanks . he stuff he drumstick in he sock pull he pantleg down . jam and Beth stare at each other . there 's a mutual crush , but both be apprehensive about make the first move . both want to speak , neither do . they awkwardly go back to they notebook . mustering the nerve , jam break the ice and whisper ... jam Beth ? Beth spin too quickly . her pen fly out of she hand . beth yes ? boink ! the pen hit jam in the eye . jam ow ! feeling awful , Beth move in to help . the teacher look up sternly . study hall teacher Mr. Bruce , miss bumsteen , be there a problem ? beth no . no problem . jam point to he eye . jam just a little pink eye . no reason to panic . unamuse , the teacher go back to grade . beth ( whisper ) sorry . jam ( hand back pen ) it 's okay . Beth resume doodling feel like a idiot . jam do too . ah , teenage awkwardness . finally , Beth muster up some courage . beth jeremiah ? jam yeah ? she hem and haw , then ... beth I want to tell you something ... I ... suddenly , Beth be rudely interrupt by high - pitched feedback come from the p.a . the principal' voice echoes over it . principal be voice jeremiah Bruce , come to the office immediately ... jam throw a startle glance to the speaker as the class sing in unison . whole CLASS oooo , you be in troubaaaallll . principal' voice you mother 's here and would like to see you right away ... more feedback as the mike on the other end change hand . mrs . bruce's voice give I that microphone ... jeremiah , you get you sorry self down to this office , mister ! all the kid except for Beth burst into hysterical laughter . Mrs. Bruce 's tirade continue over quick shot of ... int . hawk' science CLASS - day Hawk sit at he lab table burn a eraser with he bunsen burner . his eye widen with horror behind he goggle as the other student laugh till they hurt . mrs . bruce's voice I find some thing in the pocket of you jacket while I be pick up you disgusting laundry today ... int . lex's gym CLASS - day lex 's eye bug with terror . the basketball game be at a standstill as everyone be crippled with laughter . mrs . bruce's voice cigarettes ! marijuana ! prophylactics ! int . trip' health CLASS - day trip doze at he desk as a out - of - date film about vd sputter on . the room be deafen with laughter . then , as if hit by a ton of brick , trip wake up alarmed by the familiar , shrilly voice . mrs . bruce's voice and something much , much worse ! trip Holy shit , my jacket ! 4 - way split screen we see jam , Hawk , lex , and trip agog in dread . mrs . bruce's voice if you know what 's good for you , you will get down here ... now ! int . jam' study hall - day jam slowly sink in he chair under the profoundly humiliate weight of a entire school' echoed laughter . int . waiting area - day Mrs. Bruce sit next to a stand - up ashtray in the high school 's wait area . scowl , she fan the kiss ticket out with one hand . jam sit across from she , one leg jittering anxiously . they sit for a uncomfortably long time until ... Mrs. Bruce pull a cigarette and lighter out of she purse . mrs . bruce I make a appointment with Father Phillip mcnulty at St. Bernard 's . we be to see he directly where he will register you on the spot . jam you mean , you be send I to ... b- b-board school ? mrs . bruce what else can I do ? oh , record and magazine and comic book be one thing , but ticket ? ticket ? jeremiah , do you realize what this mean ? that you be no longer content merely hearing they awful song or look at photo of they horrific face ! now you want to see the devil in the flesh . you want to reach out and touch pure evil ... and in Detroit no less ! she flick the lighter , not yet lighting the cigarette . jam Mom , three of that ticket do not even belong to I . they be for the guy . Mrs. Bruce hold the ticket over the lighter 's flame . mrs . bruce and if the " guy " have parent who truly love they , they will elevate I to sainthood for get rid of this blast thing . Mrs. Bruce light she smoke with the flame ticket , then drop they in the ashtray where they burn for a cruel eternity . jam stare semi-catatonic through he mom 's sour expression . mrs . bruce it 's be a long time come , son , but you be finally go to get the kind of discipline you deserve . she stand and pull he out the front entrance by he arm . reverse angle on nearby corner Hawk , trip , and lex peek around it , they head form a totem pole . one - by- one they pull back . around the corner they slump against the wall devastate . lex I know it ! I know this be gonna happen ! I have a bad feel since last night . remember ? we be so totally fuck ! trip waitaminit , dude ! I get it ! maybe we can glue the ticket back together ! hawk what be you , high ? trip yeah . hawk for once lex be right . it 's over . thing can not get any worse from here . suddenly , a caustic voice blurt from down the hall . voice I hope you rodent have hall pass ! the boy whip they head around to see a potbelly , yellow - toothe , security officer with long sideburn and slicked back hair at the far end of the hall , fist on he hip . meet elvis . lex wanna bet . elvis could that be three detention I smell ? elvis laugh and break into a run barrel down on they like a maniac . key jangling furiously . hawk second floor girl ' john ! two minute ! he will never look there ! lex check ! they take off in three different direction . still laugh , elvis stop where the boy just be . which one to follow ? he bolt after Hawk who have take the nearest staircase . int . / ext . jam' study hall - day Beth look sadly out the window watch Mrs. Bruce push jam in the car . Beth put she hand on the pane want to touch he . int . stairway - day meanwhile , elvis huff and puff up a flight of stair arrive at a set of swinging door . he go to push one in , but it swing out at he with a vengeance knock he backward . from behind it pop Hawk wield a fire extinguisher . blast ! a hail of foam cover elvis 's face . Hawk shove the extinguisher into the man 's arm and push elvis backwards down the stair . he topple ass -over-head till he hit the landing . hawk you be way out of you league , elvis . elvis rise and shake the co2 off like a wet dog . look up , he see the door gently swinging in and out . no sign of Hawk . int . girl ' bathroom - day trip kick a bathroom stall violently . trip fuck ! shit ! lex sit on the toilet in the stall . lex hey , take it easy , man . this be the girl ' crapper , remember ? trip wake up , lex ! we just watch jam 's mom torch we fuckin' kiss ticket ! not reo speedwagon ! not journey ! not the Bay City roller ! kiss ! if you can think of a better reason to trash a bathroom , I would sure like to hear it ! lex trip , it 's not the end of the world , okay ? quit act all squeeze out . trip grab lex by the collar , yank he off the toilet and shove he against the wall . trip oh , everything 's hunky - dory now that the shit hit the fan just like you say it would , you snug sonofabitch ! you fuckin ' jinxed we ! lex smug , trip ! not snug , smug . Hawk burst into the bathroom . hawk we be clear , dude . they run to exit . Hawk first . suddenly , Hawk back up again into trip and lex as if a swarm of killer bee be out there . hawk a skirt just come around the corner . Hawk , trip , and lex run back and pile into the last stall . all three stand on the toilet brace they arm against the wall for balance . a foxy girl hurry into the stall next to theirs . we see the top halve of three head peek over the stall 's partition . the three boy do not make a sound as they watch she sit down . as she glance up , they recoil fast . they whisper super-quiet . hawk that 's sherry vanhafton . lex I have be in love with she since the second grade . then , a SOUND of tinkling . they all throw they hand over they mouth to stifle the giggle . suddenly , poot ! she let out a echoed fart . the boy be awestruck . hawk whoa ... she just farted . lex I have never hear a girl squeeze cheese in my entire life . hawk weird ... pause . trip peeeyeewww ! that stink ! just then , the SOUND of cracking porcelain , as the toilet they be stand on break into piece with a smash . they topple over pull the stall wall down with they expose the foxy chick sit on the can . Water gushes everywhere as she scream bloody murder , get douse ruin she farrah - do . they bolt out the door slip and slide across the torrent of toilet water . lex turn and shrug to the traumatize girl . lex heh -heh , sorry . he 's go . caller 106 / elvis attack int . mrs . bruce's car - day Mrs. Bruce use a finish cigarette to light another . mrs . bruce someday you will have a son just like you , jeremiah . a boy who lie through he tooth , busy demonic record , and smoke the dope just like you . jam ( numbly ) if I be anything like you , I will deserve he . mrs . bruce what ?! jam I say , I be sorry ! mrs . bruce if you truly be sorry , son , then you better pray like you have never pray before . God will I to find that ticket because he want to hear from you . he know you need help and he want you to ask him for it . ext . ST . bernard be - day Mrs. Bruce 's car turn off the road and drive through a impose set of wringht iron gate . the sign read : St. Bernard 's veil of tear . a School for Catholic boy . int . mrs . bruce's car - day jam look at what lie ahead . his face become a mask of pure terror . we hear a thunder clap as jam put he hand together and close he eye humbling himself . he whisper . jam please , God , help . ext . ST . bernard be - day the car wind up the path lead to a dark , gothic edifice over which tumultuous storm cloud continuously hover . thunder belches and bolt of lightning shoot at the blacken crucifix along the structure . we hear a scary organ theme . int . voc / tech dept . - day except for the tinkering noise that be hear as the student work on they project , there be silence in electronics class . the teacher , mr . johansen , sip from a coffee cup and read a newspaper , he foot on the desk . the headline say : " mass suicide in jonestown . cyanide in the Kool - Aid . " above he be a long banner read : " sorry , absolutely no bathroom break " . Hawk , trip , and lex sit before a half - build radio on a work bench , sheer desperation etched on they face . lex solder two copper wire together . Hawk attaches a dial . trip absently play with a squeeze pump attach to a long plastic tube . he blow air into he face repeatedly with it . trip ( be :squeeze pump / tube ) wonder if you could smoke shit out of this ? hawk maybe some tunage will chase that blue away . Hawk turn the radio on and a high frequency whine pour from its speaker . he adjust the volume , then the tuner , until a dj 's voice come through crisp and clear . dj voice ... and this be simple Simon on the rock of Detroit , w.a.r.p. , home of the biggest kiss giveaway in the history of the universe ! Detroit ? detroit ? Hawk , trip , and lex react like they have just be hit by phaser on stun . God be intervene . dj voice I get four , count them , four front row ticket along with four backstage pass to the concert tonight at cobo Hall and I be give they to the 106th caller who can tell I the real name of each kiss band member ! high frequency noise again , then the radio lose reception . Hawk exchange a anxious glance with trip and lex . lex too bad we be stick in electronics or ... hawk never mind with the too bad shit . I get a crazy plan , but only the craziest among we can pull it off . dissolve to : moment later Mr. johansen still sit with he foot up , read . the next page 's headline read : first test tube baby bear . trip run up to Mr. J 's desk , one hand behind he back , the other on he crotch . his face be draw in a expression of sheer agony . Hawk and lex watch anxiously in the background . mr.j Mr. verudi , get back to you bench . trip put one leg over the other always keep a hand behind he back . trip but I gotta take a piss like you would not believe , Mr. johansen ! mr.j put a clothespin on it till the end of class , verudi . you know my rule . trip but ever since my doctor put I on salt pill , it 's be like Niagara Falls every half hour ! please , Mr. j! have mercy ! suddenly , a wet stain grow across the crotch of trip 's pants . mr.j Salt pill ? do not insult my intelligence , verudi ... Mr. J. stop when he see the stain start to spread . trip jeezis , I be take a leak in my pants ! we now see trip be squeezing the pump from before . he hold it behind he feed water into the tube run down the back of he pants . the stain travel fast , hit trip 's knee in a nanosecond . in a state of shock , Mr. J. slowly open a long forget drawer on he desk , find a cobweb and dust - cover pad of bathroom pass . he tear one off and dust fly everywhere . he hold the pass out to trip like it be a cross he be hold before a advance vampire . mr.j ( hoarsely ) get the hell out of here , verudi ! you disgust I ! Hawk and lex observe that trip have be successful , then do a Three stooge -style handshake , whisper " curly ! " int . front office - day the secretary sit at she desk in the reception area filing paperwork . she pause when she hear running footstep . trip charge past , a big , wet stain on he crotch . the secretary notice the pump and tube flopping from the back of he pants as trip turn a corner . int . MAIN corridor - day trip run up to a pay phone on the wall , pump every nickel he have into it , put the phone to he ear and dial . trip I need to be connect to the w.a.r.p. contest hotline ... now ... lady !... hello , be this I ? I be trip . int . school security office - day a cubby-of - an-office . clutter beyond belief . elvis lean back on he chair against the wall read a plop Magazine . a transistor radio play w.a.r.p . he bolt at the sound of trip 's name cause he chair to slide out from under he . thwam ! trip on radio be I on the air ?... yeah ... gene klein , stanley eisen , Paul frehley , and Peter , uh , criscoula ... yeah , that 's it ! int . front office - day the secretary hear a ecstatic " yeeehaaww " and turn to see trip wheeling back around the corner , leaping in the air as he run , yowling like a rodeo cowboy . he bound past she . she watch he and shake she head . secretary ( to herself ) moron . int . security office - day still on the floor , elvis grab the little radio with rage , flip it off and scream at it . elvis why you little ...! over my dead body ! the bell ring . int . hallway outside voc / tech room - day student pour into the hall . Hawk and lex exit the class just as trip come zigzagge down the corridor dodging the horde . all three converge as trip can not contain he enthusiasm . trip I do it ! I do it ! we win ! lex we win ?! hawk fuckin ' a! woooooo ! the three burnout jump , scream , hoot , and play air instrument like loon as if they be the only one in the hall . they can not stop . the rest of the student body be not amused int . cafeteria - day Hawk , trip , and lex hold they trays over the counter as the lunch lady fill they with salisbury steak , hard dinner roll and scoops of bluish pudding . ah , public school nutrition . trip ( stoke ) this be the best thing that ever happen to I at school ! not only be we on again for kiss in Detroit , but we be actually sit right at the fifty yard line ! I dare you dude to find a curlier scenario . hawk ( double stoke ) Stan Lee could not think of a better one . lex the chinese have a proverb : " that which appear too good to be true , usually be . " there 's gotta be a catch . trip yeah ? I have a say too , lex . it go , " catch my jizz in you mouth and stop jinxing we , asshole . " we be go this time and that 's all there be to it . hawk I be afraid we constipate little friend be right this time , trip . there be a catch . Hawk 's really get they attention now . trip namely ? hawk we band " mystery " be a quartet and we can not go on the road without we drummer . jam 's mom say something about send he to St. Bernard 's , right ? we gotta bust he out before we go anywhere . lex but ... but , St. Bernard 's be way the hell over in the next county ! hawk so ? you mom 's car have a cb , radar detector and cruise control , check ? lex we be not steal my mom 's car . hawk damn straight we be . lex Hawk , all I need be one ding on the volvo and presto ! there be my ball hang from the rearview mirror after she get back from Cincinnati . hawk and when be she due back from that groinecologist 's convention anyway ? lex Sunday , but ... hawk then lighten up . she will never know we touch it . alright , here 's the plan . we bus it to chez lex , grab the volvo , bail jam the hell outta St. Bernard 's and arrive at the train station precisely on time for the 2:45 to Detroit . trip simplicity , Hawk . lex simple-icity be more like it . and you guy think jam be in trouble before . wait till Mrs. Bruce find out he go to that concert with we . hawk there 's only so much trouble a individual can get into till it just do not matter anymore , lex . you familiar with a condition know as absolute Zero ? lex the hypothetical temperature characterize by the absence of heat and even the slight amount of molecular activity ? yeah , I be vaguely familiar hawk well , jam be in absolute trouble . he could not get any deeper into shit if he be a fly sit in a horse 's ass . you know as well as I he would give he right arm just to see Peter criss 's drum solo , never mind a whole kiss concert , check ? lex nod . hawk well , the least we , he only bud in the world , can do be take he along with we tonight and give he one last curl before he start serve he sentence . trip just for the record , I understand the last part of what you say , but for a while there you guy be make no fuck sense whatsoever . hawk I be just explain to lex here what you and I already know . just have to make it a little more complicated so he would understand . lex very funny , Hawk . okay , I be in on this hare - brain scheme , but if anything happen to my mom 's car , I be blame you . I will say you drugge I or something . hawk curly . Hawk scope out the cafeteria to make sure the coast be clear . hawk ok , dude , follow my lead . lex wait a minute . we ditching the rest of school ? trip about fuckin ' time if you ask I . I be just go through the motion till I drop out anyway . lex hello summer detention . hawk as I be say , follow my lead . and maintain . elvis just show up . Hawk point across the cafeteria and sure enough elvis have just enter . luckily , he have not notice the boy yet . elvis swagger to a table of cheerleader , put he leg on a chair and start a one -side conversation with they . they promptly push they trays away , have lose they appetite . meanwhile , back at the condiment tray , Hawk and trip each grab a big handful of ketchup packet and head to a table . lex reluctantly follow suit grab a big handful of ketchup packet too . all three of they put they trays down and sit . hawk ( eyeing elvis ) five second rule , boy . see you on the other side . Hawk approach the exit door , glance either way , then leave . trip and lex look at they watch for five second . then trip head for the exit door also . lex still stare at he watch . after five , he look at elvis , who stop talk to the cheerleader . as if possess some sixth sense , elvis turn quickly and look straight into camera . elvis' Pov -- he spot the swinging exit door and a empty table with three full lunch trays sit on it . elvis Excuse I , lady . relieved he 's go , the cheerleader start eat again . elvis move through the cafeteria in slow motion toward the exit door . the hunter in action . int . hallway - day elvis push through the door and into a hall , dead - eye stare focus up ahead where the hallway turn sharply . he catch a glimpse of lex . smiling like the devil , elvis bolt . int . other hallway - day lex catch up with Hawk and trip just as elvis swing around the corner and maraud after they cackling maniacally . a mad chase ensue . down hallway . around corner . upstair . down ramp . Hawk , trip , and lex scramble as fast as they can to escape the clutches of they sideburn - clad nemesis . as the boy pass a classroom , a nerd come out push a projector on a AV cart . think fast , Hawk grab it out of the nerd 's hand and push it down the hall at elvis . nerd hey , I be responsible for that ! crash ! elvis bashes face - first into the roll cart . he and the projector go tumble . not waste a second , elvis be back on he foot and after they again . the nerd grab he hair in horror at the sight of the smashed projector . around a corner elvis skid around the corner and trip on a fire hose stretch across the floor from its glass box to a water fountain pipe . he slide on he belly along the polished floor unable to stop . int . english CLASS - day Old miss hibb be lecture on moby dick . the kid be doze . miss hibb then a cry from the crow 's nest ... " thar she blow ! " suddenly , a scream elvis slide into the open door on he stomach and bowl miss hibbs over like a brunswick . he clamor to he foot and shoot out the room leave everyone stunne . int . hallway - day pause at the corner , elvis take a breath and leap around it . he smile at what he see . up ahead , Hawk , lex , and trip stand on a 3 - stair stoop , desperately pull at a lock door . elvis smile . they gulp . elvis kiss concert ? kiss my ass morelike . a nice , fat detention oughta put a crimp in this evening 's plan . elvis take he key ring off he belt and begin twirling it . the boy turn and face he . he savor the moment . elvis look for something , rodent ? hawk yeah , elvis ... Hawk 's brow furrow as he pull about fifty ketchup packet out of he pocket . trip and lex do the same . hawk .. you ass on a lunch tray . elvis laugh and lurch forward -- the boy ' cue to drop the ketchup packet at they foot and ... hawk on you mark and ... trip and lex ready themselves , then ... hawk Fire ! they start stomping on the packet , squirting elvis 's face and torso with tomato- base condiment cause he to let out a scream that last the rest of the scene . ketchup spatter across he body in super slow motion . a shot hit he in the mouth and he cough it back out in mid-scream . the boy stomp relentlessly , mercilessly , blast they nemesis with hideous cafeteria red as elvis throw he arm back , body quaking at every splat . it 's kind of like the scene in " the godfather " where sonny get it . beaten and spend , he scream now dry up to a hoarse gasping , elvis slip on some ketchup at he foot . he hit the floor with a thud right in the goop . he lay there let out dry sob look like a bunless wiener . Hawk jump off the stoop . take elvis 's key chain away , he hop back up and unlock the door let trip and lex out . Hawk whip the key back at elvis , hit he in the head , then flash a pearly error Flynn smile . hawk elvis , you be not nothin ' but a hot dog . Hawk bolt out the door . elvis try to get up only to slip in the muck again and fall back down twice as hard . elvis nooooo !! jailbreak ext . STREET in the next county - day c/u on the grill of a move car , Ohio vanity plate read : ob-gyn . pull back to reveal it 's on a brand spanking - new , brown volvo 242 dl haul ass . Hawk drive , lex ride shotgun , and trip sit in the back , arm drape over the front seat . ext . ST . bernard be - day the volvo turn and barrel up St. Bernard 's gated entrance . int . volvo - day trip well , here we be back at fuck school again . lex huh. St. Bernard 's . figure it 's name after a canine . Hawk and trip roll they eye . int . ST . bernard's boarding school - day Mrs. Bruce and father mcnulty stand outside he office . the door be open a tad . jam sit just beyond it , but all we see be he corduroy leg which shake . jam be one nervous kid . mrs . bruce again , many thanks and praise to you for see jeremiah on such short notice . Father mcnulty have a look of utter compassion on he face . father mcnulty anything for a potential tuition ... to be give to charity of course . mrs . bruce God bless you , Father mcnulty . father mcnulty he already have . they hug . she exit . and the look of utter compassion on Father mcnulty 's face disappear . int . father mcnulty' office - day the priest enter , slam the door shut , startling jam , and sit in front of a painting of the virgin Mary on he wall . the name plate on he desk read : fr. philip mcnulty . father mcnulty before enrol you , jeremiah , let I just say it would be greatly appreciate if you career at St. Bernard 's be a uneventful one . some student believe they can get expell through disobedience and recklessness . what they do not understand be even after God 's vengeance be mete out , he forgive . that his devastating anger be follow by his nurture compassion . in a nutshell , St. Bernard 's may punish you even for the slight digression , but will never cast you out , even for the large . so here you be , jeremiah ... here to stay ! Father mcnulty stick the pencil into a electric pencil sharpener and it make the same noise a dentist drill do when burrow into a molar . jam shudder . the Father remove the pencil and blow the shaving away from the needle - sharp tip . father mcnulty let 's begin the enrollment , shall we ? ext . ST . bernard be - day Mrs. Bruce exit the building and approach she car . she stop when she see the ' 78 brown volvo park behind she . it 's empty . she shrug and get into she car , drive off . Inside the volvo Hawk , trip , and lex poke they head up . the coast be clear so they can sit straight again . they stare up at a second story window where they see part of jam 's profile . lex now , how be we gonna do this ? hawk gimme a second , dude . lemme think . they hear a engine and turn to see a delivery truck label pizza pig parking behind they . a delivery boy hold a pizza box step out . trip 's mouth water . trip ( lick he chop ) mmm , pizza ... see the boy , the delivery boy stop at the volvo . delivery boy hey , you guy know where ... ( look at slip on box ) Philip mcnutly 's office be ? Hawk , trip , and lex exchange a anxious glance , then Hawk smile . he be officially inspire as he turn to the boy . hawk yeah , I be Philip mcnutly . int . father mcnulty' office - day the Father tap he pencil look impatiently at jam who have totally withdraw . he sit motionless stare into space . father mcnulty jeremiah , be you aware you need to answer this question , not just listen to they ? jeremiah ? jam do not respond . father mcnulty please do not become difficult this early in you stay . I hate discipline boy before I get to know they . a nun enter knocking . nun forgive I , Father . a young man here with a pizza for you ? father mcnulty ah , yes ! send he in sister Conimaria . the nun exit and a second later Hawk enter wear lex 's baseball cap pull down over he eye . father mcnulty well , what 's the damage , pizza fellow ? hawk ten even . the priest swivel he chair around and unlock a box label " donation . " while he look for cash , Hawk give jam a discreet kick in the shin . jam look up and recognize Hawk . he then look out the window see trip , lex , and the volvo below . for the first time we see what jam look like with a big , fat , shit - eat grin on he face . hawk ( whisper to jam ) if he offer you a slice , you be not the least bit hungry , check ? jam ( whisper ) check . Father mcnulty swivel back around with a ten . father mcnulty here 's ten and I be donate you tip to the church . the Lord thanks you . hawk tell the Big guy not to mention it . Hawk take the ten , tip the brim of the baseball cap and leave , give jam a cautious wink as he go . father mcnulty and not a moment too soon . I be famish . I hope you bring a lunch for yourself . jam no , but I be not hungry anyway . Father mcnulty raise he eyebrow , then open the pizza box . father mcnulty well ! it finally speak . there 's one barrier we have break through . Father mcnulty smile , take a big bite . jam smile for a entirely different reason . the priest mumble with a mouthful . father mcnulty you know , you come here remind I of a gospel call the prodigal Son . jam grin a bit feign interest . father mcnulty there be once a farmer who have two son . both grow up on the farm , help they father until ... ( suddenly alarmed ) gyyaack ! Father mcnulty gag stick he pizza-cover tongue out . he pour himself a glass of wine and suck it down look concerned for the moment . finally , he belches . father mcnulty that be a very stale mushroom . ( beat ) where be I ?... ah , yes , one day the elder son decide to leave the farm ... int . volvo - day Hawk , trip , and lex look up at Father mcnulty 's window . trip usually take anywhere from ten minute to half a hour . they look at they watch , then back at the window . hawk shit ! this be such a lousy view . how the hell be we gonna know when he 's light ? just then , insane laughter bellow from the window above . trip he 's light . int . father mcnulty' office - day the Father have undergone a metamorphosis . he 's redder than a boil lobster , he eye bulge and he 's laugh the deep laugh a man can without risk psychological evaluation . jam watch fascinate as the priest try to finish the story . it 's not every day you see a holy man trip on shroom . father mcnulty ( in mid-guffaw ) so then , the young one say , " but dad ... I have be help you on the farm my entire life ! ( belly laugh ) you never once slaughter the fatte calf for I ! " and then ... ( more belly laughter ) forgive I , jeremiah , it 's just that ... I have be tell this gospel for year and ... I just now realize it 's the work of some comedy mastermind ! the prodigal Son be a barrel of fuck monkey ! Father mcnulty belly laugh so hard this time , he slide off he chair hit he chin on the edge of he desk . he be in pain only momentarily , then laugh again , this time at he own pratfall . he hoist himself back into he chair . Hawk , trip , and lex suddenly barge into the office , follow by the outrage nun . nun you kid can not go in there ! hawk it 's okay , we be old bud of Father mcnulty ... how 's it hangin ' , padre ? father mcnulty a little to the right , pizza fellow . Father mcnulty laugh some more . hawk that be another dude . anyway , we be here to take we bud jam to the big satanic kiss concert tonight . okay with you ? father mcnulty ( wave ) rock on ! jam get up and all four boy exit . father mcnulty ( yell after they ) give my regards to the guy with the really big tongue ! the nun look at the priest , deep concern in she eye . father mcnulty what the hell be you do , sister gonorrhea , wait for a bus ? he let out a belly laugh as the shocked nun run from the office . Father mcnulty laugh even louder at she behavior , pounding he fist on the desk , tear roll down he cheek , until ... he suddenly glimpsis at the painting of the virgin Mary and abruptly stop laugh . what appear to be extreme contrition wash over he face as he move closer to the painting . father mcnulty Jesus H. Christ , look at all the color . guido int . volvo - day Hawk drive , trip ride shotgun , lex and jam sit in the back . stoke beyond belief , jam pound he drumstick on the upholstery to the beat of a rockin' kiss tune play on the 8 - track . jam oh , man , my mom be gonna send I to alcatraz for this and I do not even care ! I be gonna see Peter criss 's drum solo ! lex tap jam on the shoulder . lex not look like that , Mr. Rogers . lex hand he a paper bag with jeans and a tee-shirt in it . lex we get you a change of dud when we pick up the car . hawk next stop : the 2:45 to Detroit rock City ! the boy do they Three stooge handshake and say " curly ! " jam start to change . just then , the volvo pass a two - tone chevy impala with luggage tie to the roof . the passenger in the back seat turn and spot jam pull off he pants . it 's Beth . her eye bulge . Beth parent be in the front . jam spot she and beam . they eye lock . she wave and start to yell something , when ... suddenly ... bang ! the boy look out the driver 's side of the car to see the rear hubcap roll away . they have get a flat . lex ( scream ) my mom 's hubcap ! the car fishtail and weave but Hawk manage to pull over . the chevy continue on , Beth gaze out the rear window sadly . hawk shit ! ( look at car clock ) anybody know how long it take to fix a flat ? ext . local train stop - day angle on a status report . the 2:45 be now leave . we see be Hawk , trip , lex , and jam run alongside a train as it pick up speed by the second . they yell for it to stop , but it 's hopeless . the train be go . so much for the 2:45 . int . volvo - day lex look at the speedometer . Hawk 's get it up to ninety - five . lex jeezis , Hawk , can you at least keep it within twenty mile of the speed limit ? hawk lex , be I gonna have to lock you in the trunk till we reach Detroit ? do not worry , this baby be build for speed . trip hold he stomach as we hear it growl . trip I be starvin ' and it 's way past lunchtime . hawk totally . all I have have for chow be a packet of pop rock and a yoo-hoo . trip spot a sign on the side of the road : next exit , sandusky . trip let 's stop in sandusky , Hawk . hawk what 's in sandusky ? trip pizza , and I be jone - in ' for a pizza ever since we leave St. Bernard 's . dissolve to : moment later int . volvo - day the boy chomp on they pizza slice and chug can of Hawaiian punch . another raucous kiss tune blare . behind they , a car horn start honking rhythmically . Hawk look into the rearview mirror and see two guy and two girl in a tailgate tran be . the guy have 90 m.p.h. haircut , tacky , wide - collare shirt , and massive amount of jewelry on they neck . the girl wear 10 - layer make - up , mega-jewelry , and hair tease so high , it touch the car 's roof . hawk only a car full of guidos and stellas would ride someone 's ass on a two - lane road and beep . int . tran am - day the speaker blast a DISCO song to which the four passenger sing . kenny , the driver , honk to the disco beat . they be slightly older than we heroes and very full of themselves . Kenny and he best girl christine sit in the front . bobby and barbara be in the back . it 's a double disco date . int . volvo - day trip lift a rubbery slice of pizza to he mouth and the top layer slide off plopping into he lap . trip eyowch ! this be one hot pizza ! lex trip , huck that out before it stain the upholstery ! trip grab the wad of goop and throw it out the window . ext . tran am - day just as the DISCO tune play in the tran be hit the next chorus , a fistful of pizza splatter across the windshield . freak , Kenny swerve and zigzag all over the road . righting himself , Kenny 's entire family might as well have be insulted . kenny stop sing ... now ! he turn off the stereo and floor the accelerator , swerving into the leave lane and pass the volvo . Bobby be just now notice the mess on the windshield . he start to laugh . bobby hey , Kenny , look ! there 's a hunk of fawkin ' cheese on you windsheel ! int . volvo - day lex be look at the mess on the tran be 's windshield and the anger in the eye of its passenger . lex Holy shit ! we just piss off the incredible hulk , he idiot half brother and two circus clown . the tran be run alongside the volvo and Hawk turn to see Kenny point to the breakdown lane . kenny stop the friggin ' car now ! Hawk roll up he window . Kenny yell , voice muffled , and point to Hawk who pay absolutely no attention whatsoever . jam do not you think we should at least pull over and offer to clean it off ? hawk what ?! be you mentally derange , jam ? just then , slam , the tran be bang up against the side of the volvo push it onto the shoulder . hawk what the fuck ! lex ( freaking out ) the paint ! ext . freeway - day the tran be muscle the volvo into the breakdown lane . parking the ass end of the pontiac out a bit , Kenny block the volvo in . Kenny and Bobby climb from they car and storm over to the boy . Hawk open he door just as Kenny 's hairy - knuckle hand pull he out through the window . he grab trip , yanking he out too . Bobby open the back door and do the same with lex and jam . with a kid in each hand now , Kenny and Bobby slam the four boy against the volvo in a line . the size difference between the burnout and the guidos be painfully obvious now . Kenny and Bobby be neanderthals . kenny do you realize the sheer , goddamn , unadulterate , undilute , no hold bar , one hundred percent pure as ivory snow , absolutely friggin ' stupidity of what you just do ? hawk hey , disco dude , it 's cool ... Kenny haul back and slap the row of boy in the face Three stooges-style ... whackwhackwhackwhack ! kenny do you ?! trip , lex , and jam clutch they face in pain . Hawk look merely disenchant as Kenny poke a muscle - bound finger at he chest . get in Hawk 's face , Kenny yammer loud and fast . kenny lemme paint you a friggin ' picture ahright ? imagine if you will a 1978 pontiac tran american in pristine condition . ( beat ) a appeal portrait , nesspah ? Hawk start to say " yes . " kenny but wait ! what 's that spec on the windshield ? could it be a wad of melt mozzarella , tangy tomato sauce , and various friggin ' meat product ? Hawk be unimpress . hawk could be . kenny and if it be not clean off ? christine Kenny , come on with the macho crap already . like this kid could take you in a fight anyway . kenny ( ignore christine ) answer I , hippie girl . and if the mess be not clean off my car ? hawk it could ... bake on ? Kenny look at Bobby and they exchange moronic grin . kenny you be a smart little homo , be not you , hippie girl ? but , while astound at you nimble , friggin ' insight , I still detect a issue hang fire , namely : where do a sharp - witted faggot like yourself get off do such a dopey thing like that there ? Hawk figure out that any answer he give will be incorrect and have decide to wait till Kenny 's do . kenny no really , I be perplex . I mean , could you have do stupider if you be bear without a fuckin ' head ?! christine ( use " oh " to mean " enough " ) oh ! with the language ! kenny shut -up , christine ! christine snarl at Kenny . hawk okay , Kenny ? I do not mean to drain you keg or anything , but could you speed up this process ? ( beat ) do not get I wrong , we would love to stand here and get shit on by the cast of Saturday night fever , but we be also on a schedule . so step on it . cold silence as Kenny replay Hawk 's insult over in he head . kenny be you gettin ' wise with I ? hawk no , I be dumber than a goddamn slug . now can I please clean you windshield and leave without further ado ? bobby break he fawkin ' leg , Kenny ! Kenny 's temper 's rise faster than the price of gasoline . Hawk on the other hand be cooler than a otter pop . kenny oh , you be dumb all right , you hairy ass punk . but please , allow I to clean the friggin ' windshield . I insist . and with that , Kenny grab himself a fistful of Hawk 's long hair and pull he over to the tran be . he wipe the pizza off with Hawk 's hair , tug Hawk 's head up and down , back and forth . Hawk grunt with each wipe , but do not give Kenny the satisfaction of hearing he scream . trip , lex , and jam watch helplessly , trap under Bobby 's dull - witted , but equally threaten gaze . Kenny get the last of the big chunks off he windshield and look at he handiwork . kenny there . Nice and clean . he throw Hawk to the ground and smile at Bobby . then , he suddenly hear the kiss tune come from the volvo . uh-oh ! kenny oh , no , no , no ! it 's the fag band ! Kenny clenches he jaw and walk up to the volvo , reach in the driver 's door . suddenly jam grab he wrist . jam whoa ! this be about pizza ! let 's leave kiss out of it . please . kenny a bunch of guy who make bad music , dress like freak , and wear more make - up than all my sister combine ? this asshole must be stop ! Kenny push jam away . christine that 's it , Kenny ! I be leave ! christine get out of the car and start walk down the highway , exite the scene . barbara oh , christine ! you googatz in the head or something ? we be on the side of the freakin ' highway ! bobby let she go , Barbara , she will come back to Kenny . she always do ... ( to Kenny ) right , Kenny ? Kenny meanwhile have he arm in the volvo . kenny Kool and the gang , now there 's real music . Kenny take the 8 - track from the car ... kenny but this ... be crap ! he fling it into the highway , where it be summarily smashed to bit under the wheel of a pass semi . follow a chunk of cartridge and a strand of mangle tape stream from it as it sail back toward the side of the road , landing at jam 's foot . tilt up to jam 's face . he raise he eye and turn to the camera , a single tear roll down he cheek , just like the indian in that " keep America beautiful " litter ad . Hawk rise and Kenny come face - to- face with he . kenny so . all that have be say and do , I believe we be ready for the final topic of discussion . namely : have you learn you lesson yet , puke ? Hawk pull a cigarette from he pocket and light it . he blow some smoke in Kenny 's face . hawk well , let 's recap , shall we ? you slap all of we , yell at I , use my head for a rag , throw I on the ground and toss we love gun 8 - track under the wheel of a pass semi . ( puffing on cig ) so , if the lesson be that you be a dick with ear and a really bad haircut , then , yes ... I would say we learn it . kenny ( beat , in disbelief ) Excuse I , I be a little deef - a - hearin' . can you repeat yourself ? hawk okay . ahem ! you. are. A. dick. with. ears. and. A. really . bad. haircut . kenny oh , yeah ...? out of original material , Kenny go for a old stand by . kenny that 's not what you mother say last night . trip , lex , and jam exchange " uh - oh " glance . meanwhile , Hawk 's eye glaze over . hawk it 's not , huh ? well , then , tell I ... Hawk reach into he coat pocket and pull out he mostly empty can of Hawaiian punch , hold it discreetly at he side . hawk ... what exactly do my mother say last night ? Kenny draw a blank , not be prepare for this one . hawk you hear I , prick . what do my mother say last night ? Kenny chuckle and look at Bobby . they have a good little laugh ... the homo 's get ball ! then Kenny turn back to Hawk . kenny okay , fagmo ... I will tell you what you mother say last night . ( beat ) she say that I be the fuck of she life . Hawk be a little mad now . he toss he cigarette to the ground and squash it like a bug under he sneaker . hawk ( very clint eastwood ) how would you like a nice Hawaiian punch ? kenny ( smirk ) sure . Quick as a shot , Hawk slam the bottom of the can into Kenny 's nose , crush it flat against he face . Hawaiian backwash spew from its tab hole like blood as Kenny fall backwards from the impact . he hit he head on the ground . take this as a cue ... trip whip out he wallet on a chain ... lex rip off he kiss belt ... and jam yank out he drumstick . as if choreograph , trip swoops the wallet at Bobby 's foot , snagging he around the ankle tightly with the chain . lex thwam Bobby in the face with he big kiss belt buckle leave a reverse , red , kiss logo brand in he forehead . trip yank the chain pull Bobby off he foot . when he hit the ground , jam 's right there drumming he ball . Bobby shriek . meanwhile , Hawk advance on Kenny who try to get the can off he face , but it 's stick on look like a pig 's nose with fruit punch for snot . Hawk raise both he hand in Kenny 's face , then execute the final insult ... Hawk mess Kenny 's hair . Kenny let out a scream that come from the bottom of he vanity . Hawk grab Kenny by the ear and bring the guido 's head swiftly against he kneecap . Kenny fall to the ground , unconscious on top of Bobby . they head collide knock Bobby out cold . terrify , Barbara leap from the tran be and be cornere . lex not so fast , stella . dissolve to : moment later Kenny , Bobby , and Barbara be now tie to the guardrail with jam 's white corduroy pants , geeky belt , and plaid shirt . Kenny and Bobby rest they unconscious head on each of Barbara 's shoulder . Hawk , trip , lex , and jam look down at the two guidos and the stella , snicker . barbara when they wake up , they be gonna come look for you jerk . you best hope they do not find you , cause if they do , they be gonna kick you ass . Hawk grab a cinderblock off the side of the road , walk up to the tran be . hawk right , stella , and we will deserve it . but let 's really make it worth they while . Hawk put the rock on the tran be 's accelerator let the engine whine in protest . ( again we be cautious not to show the guidos ' face . ) hawk by the way , when Kenny wake up could you give he a message for I . tell he , quote , Kool and the gang bite my bag , motherfucker , unquote . he throw the tran be into drive . all who be conscience listen to the brief screech , then watch the tran be as it barrel without a driver into the wood skirt the highway . it race into ditch , bounce off tree , and splashes through pond , all smokey and the bandit-like . the disco-mobile ramp off the edge of a embankment , tumble down a steep , rocky incline break apart along the way , and finally , boom ! it explode on final impact . the boy all look at each other and shrug . Hawk walk back to the volvo and get in . trip , lex , and jam follow suit and pile in as well . lex shout back to Barbara . lex oh , thanks for let we draw from you ample make - up supply . you must have the entire revlon factory in you purse ! angle on kenny , bobby , and barbara . we now see they from the front . lo-and -behold , Kenny have be make - up like gene simmon , Bobby like Paul stanley . whoever find they be gonna get the wrong idea about they musical taste ... and kick they ass all over again . barbara very funny . I hope you choke ! stella on board int . volvo - day Hawk start the engine and take off . trip pull a baggie of weed and some roll papers out . jam hey , look , it 's that girl . jam point out at the road ahead to christine . she 's a few hundred foot away walk sadly in the breakdown lane . trip that 's no girl . that 's a stella . jam stella or no stella , we should pull over and help she out . hawk oh no , jam . I be not fall for that twice . jam well , could not you slow down so I can at least state my case , Hawk ? if you do not like it , you can speed up and I will never mention it again . Hawk slow down , turn into the breakdown lane , travel about two mile per hour . christine do not notice as they edge closer to she . lex what be it with you , jam ? you get a thing for that ... thing ? jam she 's a teenage girl walk on the side of the highway . they make very scary movie that start out like that . hawk well , they may not make movie about four dude go to a kiss concert . but if they ever do , the four dude most certainly would not stop and pick up a strand disco bunny . pause . trip unless there be gonna be a scene where the disco bunny blow the four dude on the way to the show . int . volvo - day christine sit between jam and lex in the back snapping gum . jam and lex stare at she like cat look at a fish bowl . Hawk look in the rearview mirror at christine check herself in a compact . she swathes on some 7 - up flavor , bonnie Bell lip gloss . trip meanwhile twirl the joint he 's just finish roll in he mouth , sealing it . he wink at she disgustingly . christine oh , great . I just hitched a ride with a bunch of pothead ... I be hook up with some people at this funky place in downtown Detroit call disco inferno . mind droppin ' I there ? trip ( smirk ) what 's it worth to you ? christine ( gross out ) what the hell be that suppose to mean ? jam it do not mean anything . do not pay attention to he . hawk ( roll he eye ) disco inferno ? disco 's infernal morelike . try to be suave , lex move in close , put the make on she . lex you clothes may say disco , but you eye say rock and ' roll , baby . christine well , you tee-shirt may say rock and ' roll , but you breath say pepperoni , baby . she push he away . jam laugh . trip ( frustrated ) so , be you , like , gonna polish we nob , or what ? christine ( thoroughly offended ) what ? that 's disgusting ! jam trip ! that 's so fuckin ' rude , man . trip oh , quit bein ' the wussy , sensitive guy to impress she , jam . she 's obviously not gonna put out . she 's a fuckin ' tease . christine tease ? what the hell do I do to tease you mongoloid ? trip you get in the car , do not you ? christine oh , God , how calculate of I to lead you all on like that after you offer I a ride in the middle of nowhere . trip whatever ... stella . trip light the joint and take a lungful of pot . he pass it to lex and the joint begin to make its round with the exception of christine . the car start to fill with smoke . christine the name 's christine , not stella . and there 's no need to be such pig just cause I prefer donna summer or kc and the Sunshine boy or the Village people over kiss ? hawk ( with disdain ) the Village people ? they be fag ! you be a fag hag ! jam come on , Hawk . christine I can take care of myself , but thanks anyway , germ . jam jam . christine whatever . ( to Hawk ) okay , Joe burnout , let 's get one thing straight here . as far as I be concerned good tune be good tune , be it disco or rock or polka or whatever have you , regardless of the category . true , if I have to choose , I would pick the category label disco because I happen to enjoy dance . disco be just easier to dance to . hawk you call that John travolta / denny terio shit dance ? I would not dance like that in private if you pay I . trip disco blow dog for quarter . christine process this remark . christine now there 's a intelligently bite remark wringht with wit and irony . trip look confuse , then smile think she pay he a compliment . hawk hey , if you do not like that one , maybe you will think it 's funny when we throw you ass out the goddamn car ! christine yeah , why do not you put you money where you mouth be ? hawk why do not you kiss my hairy crack ? christine why do not you bend over , you be look right at it ! all , christine include , pause to think about what that comment be suppose to mean . lex take a hit off the joint . lex ( hold in smoke ) that last remark fall about 30 yard away from make any sense whatsoever . Hawk and trip immediately bust into the giggle and it do not take long for lex and jam to follow suit . christine ( realization ) hey , you be right . " Bend over you be look right at it ?! " ( start to laugh ) what 's that suppose to mean anyway ? christine succumb to the contagious giggle epidemic and the whole car get a great laugh for a while . they finally calm down again and wipe tear from they eye . lex still have the joint now as christine look at it . christine man , this be some kickass shit ! ( beat ) gimme a hit off that jay will ya ? lex smile despite himself and hold the weed out to she as we ... dissolve to : hello detroit , goodbye ticket ! montage the volvo pass a big sign that say : " welcome to Michigan , the great Lakes State . " the volvo racing toward the Detroit skyline . Detroit landmark : the General Motors Building , the Ford Building , motown record , and finally ... cobo hall , where thousand of fan in kiss tee gather , wait for its door to open . unbelievable traffic stretch to a intersection at which stand four key landmark ... a cathedral , a convenience store , a parking lot , and a male strip joint . they face one another , each on its own corner . a gigantic sign on the auditorium 's facade flash the commandment , " you gotta lose you mind in detroit rock CITY " over and over again . ext . cobo hall - sunset the sun hang low on this day as the volvo sit in traffic , pass cobo Hall . Movement be nearly impossible . kiss fan cram every square foot of open macadam , push through the jamme car . STREET vendor hawk kiss souvenir from tee-shirt to pennant . some be in stand along the sidewalk . other come right up to car window . int . volvo - sunset christine be fast asleep between jam and lex . lex man , that weed knock christine on she ass . she 's sleep like a baby stella . trip ( whisper lustfully ) let 's lift up she shirt . hawk ( point out windshield ) there it be ! all look ahead . cobo Hall . a halo glow form around the building accompany by a choir of angel . jam ( in reverence ) we make it ! lex curly drive , Hawk . we still get two hour to spare . hawk ample time to grab we ticket at the station . see , up ahead . w.a.r.p . one block on the leave be the w.a.r.p. tower . hawk hey , look at the front entrance ! a car 's pull out . the parking space from heaven . God be surely smile down upon we tonight , dude . jam kind of funny , I think he would be piss as hell at I . the open to the carpenter ' " top of the world " begin . int . w.a.r.p. tower elevator - night " top of the world " continue , play through the speaker of the ascend elevator inside which Hawk , trip , lex , and jam stand . they watch the number climb , smile . hawk what be that d.j. 's name again ? trip oh , I will remember it till the day I die . his name be ... simpleton the simian ? no , samson samoan ... no , simply , similar ... int . simple simon' office - night Hawk , trip , lex , and jam poke they head around the corner of a office doorway totem pole-style . hawk simple Simon ? simple simon strike a pose before a full - length mirror in a glittery - back gene simmon tee-shirt , silver pants , and very high heel boot . he have a huge afro and bushy moustache . he turn when he hear Hawk . simple simon the one and only . but can you kid hurry this up ? I be due at Coco Hall in half a hour for the warm - up . they all enter and stand at simple Simon 's desk . hawk we be right behind you , simo . just want to thank you in advance for hand over that burly - ass tix I and my bud win this morning . the boy do a Three stooge handshake and say " curly ! " simple Simon on the other hand suddenly appear nonpluss simple simon you name be not trip be it ? int . producer's booth - night Hawk , trip , lex , and jam sit in the tiny producer 's booth with Simon who fast forward a reel - to- reel tape through some very loud , high - speed conversation and bit of music . look at the footage counter on the tape player , he slow down at a certain point and let the boy listen to this : the click of a phone be answer . simple simon' voice simple Simon on the rock , go caller . trip' voice hello ? be this I ? I be trip . be I on the air ? simple simon' voice I should hang up on you right now , but you be the right caller so answer quick or get you battleship sink . what be the name of the four member of kiss ? trip' voice gene klein , stanley eisen , Paul frehley , and Peter ... criscula ! yeah , that 's it ! pause . simple simon' voice be that you final answer ? trip' voice ( with trepidation ) yeah . simple simon' voice ( building to crescendo ) trip ? you just get yourself four ticket and four backstage pass to kiss live at cobo Hall tonight ! pause . trip' voice I do ? simple simon' voice yeah , you do ! trip' voice yeeeehaaawww !! this be totally fuckin ' curly , man ! thank you God ! cli-click . simple simon' voice whoa , easy , trip , this be radio , not " taxi Driver . " now listen up cause this next part be crucial . stay on the line so we can get you full name , information , and ... dial tone . simple simon' voice trip ? trip ? oh , man , you do not hang up on I do you ? trip ? ( beat ) what kind of total moron would hang ...? simple Simon stop the tape and look at the boy who look like they have just be serve a life sentence behind bar . simple simon well , there you have it . we have no choice but to give the ticket to the next caller . I be sorry . Hawk , trip , lex , and jam stare at the floor in silence . simple simon we get soda in the fridge if that help any . int . w.a.r.p. tower elevator - night Hawk , trip , lex , and jam ride back down the elevator sip nehi soda , watch the floor number get lower and lower . Terry Jack 's immortal hit " season in the SUN " play over the elevator speaker . hawk well , here we be , dude . one hour and thirty minute away from the concert of the century ... ticketless . all thanks to wile E. coyote , Super - Fucking genius over here . trip look away from the rest , ashamed . lex really , trip , can we bore hole in you head and use it as a bong so it actually do we some good for a change ? trip fuck you , lex ! this whole thing would not have happen if it be not for you jinxing we . I just make a honest mistake . hawk oh , I be sorry , trip . what you make be a big , brainless , pile of horse shit . no offense . jam guy , guy ! come on , if this be anyone 's fault , it 's mine . I be the one who grab trip 's jacket by mistake . it 's my fault and I apologize . hawk please , jam , we be try to vent some hostility here . sure the whole thing may be you fault , but who 's gonna get piss off at you ? jam look at he foot . jam sometimes I think I do not deserve friend as good as you guy . Hawk , trip , and lex cringe . hawk I have one question . how could a kid who wail on the drum like it 's the only thing keep he alive even think of such a femmy thing to say ? trip really , jam , you tryin ' to make we barf ? lex yeah , it 's like you be possess by the Flying nun , or something . the door to the elevator open and the boy step out . shake you weewee ! ext . w.a.r.p. tower - night cobo Hall loom up ahead . Hawk , trip , lex , and jam enter the sidewalk . a thicken crowd of kiss fan continually meander by . on they way to the car , they suddenly hear a woman' voice bellow through a megaphone from somewhere down the street . after a moment they see the voice 's source . a group of women have congregate about forty foot ahead and they leader , she back toward the boy , yell to the group through she bullhorn . Flying above they all be a large banner read : " matmok , mother against the Music of kiss . " leader welcome to the first open meeting of matmok , mother against the Music of kiss ! " the group cheer as the kiss fan milling around they pretty much ignore the whole matmok spectacle . lex look away from the matmok and into the street . we can not see what he see , but we can tell he 's alarmed . lex uh ... dude ? hawk ( ignore lex ) now there 's a woman who totally abuse the privilege of motherhood . lex dude ! they all look at lex . lex ( eye focus ahead ) where 's the volvo ? Hawk , trip , and jam look at they parking spot to see a beat - up dodge dart sit there instead of the volvo . trip it 's go . lex I can see that , bright boy . what happen to it ? jam it be steal ! hawk ( incredulous ) christine steal it ! asleep , my ass ! the stella boot with you mom 's wheel . lex but we take the key ? trip damn , she musta hot wire it . we pick up a professional car thief in the shape of olivia Newton -john ! lex okay , I be just a little mad now ! jam , why would you talk we into pick that bitch up in the first place !? jam I be sorry , guy . I think it be a nice thing to do . hawk jam , not another word out of you femmy - ass mouth ! okay , we be here , we get nothing , and we get a hour and a half . we be totally commit . it 's time to brainstorm . lex here 's a suggestion . let 's stop worry about the concert for the time be and get the cop in on this volvo situation . hawk wake up , lex . this be Detroit . the cop be not gonna waste city dollar look for a swedish car . face it , the volvo 's on a cut board as we speak get slice , dice , and julien by christine , the chop shop gourmet . lex be develop a look of resolve . this be Detroit ! hawk now listen up . here 's the game plan . lex ( on a roll ) ... I mean , my mom 's get insurance . what 's the worst thing she could do ? Ground I for the entire year ? I can handle that ... hawk cool , bro , now listen up ... lex ... Holy shit ! I be in absolute trouble ! I never should have let you drive , man ! absolute fuckin ' trouble ! hawk okay , shut the fuck up , lex ! now , then , step number one , we find we a scalper . I get ... ( take out kiss money clip ) twenty - five . trip twenty - five more and I get . lex all I get be five . the rest be in the volvo . jam I get ... hawk uh-uh . do not tell we , jam . just show we . jam hold up a ten keep he mouth shut . hawk so maybe we get enough for one ticket . fuck ! trip waitaminit , dude ! I get it ! we find four really small kid , beat the shit outta they and steal they ticket . what do you think ? hawk ( sarcastic ) brilliance , trip . sheer brilliance . give Albert Einstein here the Nobel Prize . trip smile proudly . lex I think we should try sneaking in . hawk four dude sneaking in ? we would get bust fer sure . bad plan . lex okay , one of we sneak in , get four ticket stub off some kid in the audience , come back out , and we all " be -enter " the concerto . voila ! hawk still too risky for my money . ( look at watch ) we be run out of time here . this be kiss ! a victory for one be a victory for the team . I be sure I can barter with a scalper , but if you dude think you get better plan , go for it . we will reconvene at that intersection ... Hawk point to the intersection where the church , the male strip joint , the parking lot , and the smiley Mart be locate . hawk ... at twenty - thirty hour . trip one more time in English . hawk for the next hour and a half it 's every dude for himself . try to get at least one ticket and at 8:30 p.m. we will meet over there . jam ( inspire ) wait ! I know how we can get in ! hawk jam , shut -up ! you be not allow to speak , remember ? go use whatever femmy idea you have to get yourself a ticket or four . I do not wanna hear it . jam ( sadly ) but ... my plan involve all four of we act together . hawk see you at 8:30 , jam. later. ( to lex and trip ) dude ? later . Hawk , trip , and lex split up , leave jam alone . he start walk in the opposite direction , pass matmok . the leader be still on a roll , yell through the megaphone . leader look around you tonight , mother ! look at all the young face ! they smile and laugh but they eye have lose all hope ! not one among they appear to possess the love and fear of God ... this satanic group kiss have steal they soul . the leader 's gaze finally fall upon jam . he let out a gasp . yes , the leader be Mrs. Bruce . so this be she church meeting . she freeze when she see she son ; she jaw slacken . meanwhile jam look stunne beyond comprehension . jam oh ... dear ... Lord !! Mrs. Bruce quickly hand the megaphone to another matmok member , who pick up where Mrs. Bruce leave off . jam look around for someplace to run and hide , but it 's too late . Mrs. Bruce slice through the crowd of kiss fan and grab jam by the ear . he yelp . mrs . bruce I do not know how you get here tonight and I do not want to know either . all I know be you be go to pay dearly for this one , young man ! ext . ST. , sebastian' cathedral - night Mrs. Bruce tug jam toward the intersection we see before . they cross the street toward the corner where the Cathedral sit . jam look up at the cross on the steeple and gulp with trepidation . jam Mom , what be we ...? mrs . bruce just keep you lie , heathenous trap shut , jeremiah . they climb the step to the cathedral pass a bulletin board read : thank God it 's Friday mass , 6pm-7pm . parishioner exit the beautiful church , shaking hand with a priest as they leave . parishioner what a wonderful mass , Father / so inspirational , Father / thank you . priest thank you / come again next week . Mrs. Bruce pull jam up to the priest . priest next mass be tomorrow morning , sister . mrs . bruce can we talk , Father ? I be desperate . my son be about to defy God by go to that blasphemous kiss concert . priest in that case , come right in . meanwhile , across the street ... ext . white castle hamburger joint - night park in front of the busy fast - food establishment we recognize the two - tone chevy impala with luggage tie on top . in the window we see Beth and she parent sit at one of the booth . out the window Beth look across the street just as jam , Mrs. Bruce , and the priest enter the cathedral . her face drop . beth oh my God ! that 's jeremiah ! dad who ? beth jeremiah Bruce from school . he and he mom just go into that church . he must be in Detroit for the concert . can I go say good - bye to he ? mom Beth , I be not let you wander the street of Detroit after dark . beth I be not go to wander . I be just gonna go over there . Beth point to St. sebastian 's . beth he 's with he mom . dad Fine , as long as we know where you be . but do not be long . we need to be get back on the road . Beth be already out the door and halfway across the street . dad pat mom 's shoulder . dad she 's probably get a little crush on that boy . ext . ST . sebastian' cathedral - night Beth run up to the cathedral and sneak in . ext . it's raining men strip joint - night Hawk walk down the sidewalk badger everyone pass by for a ticket , get the same stock answer : " suffer , dude ! " he stop and sit on a curb , lighting a cigarette . behind he stand the marquee for it's raining men , the male strip joint . a DISCO song come from inside . just when it look like Hawk 's give up , a voice be hear above . voice hey , chief ? need a ticket ? Hawk can not believe he ear . he look up at a greasy - look hybrid , part porn star , part use car salesman , the scalper . scalper second row center , seventy - five clam . try to act confident , Hawk take out he money clip show the scalper twenty - five dollar . hawk dude , this be all I get . scalper sorry , man , no can do . but I will be here for a while if you scare up the extra gravy . hawk where the hell be I gonna scare up that kinda gravy in one hour ? scalper the easy way . the scalper point over he shoulder and Hawk turn to see three giggling women exite the strip joint . none be under forty . a sign below the bar 's logo read : amateur night giveaway ! guy over 18 only ! bare it all and win 75 buck ! scalper you look a little scrawny , but it 's worth a shot . hawk I can not just walk in and take my clothes off . it 's embarrasskin . scalper guess you do not want to see the great show on earth . and in Detroit no less . well , take care , chief . the scalper turn and Hawk grab he arm . hawk dude , if it be dance the way Fred astaire do it , I would give it my best shot . I would learn the step and practice in my spare time . but this ... tribal , ritualistic bullshit , it 's way-too-spontaneous for I . scalper yeah , you be probably too young anyhow . hawk hey , I invent fake i.d.s , alright . that 's not the problem ... they be play disco music in there , man . scalper Chief , here 's a little secret . drink heavily , you foot will know what to do . now shit or get off the pot . do you wanna dance or do you wanna see kiss only on they album cover ? Hawk get a look of resolve on he face . scalper you sure you will have a ticket for I ? scalper you have my solemn oath as a public servant . Hawk turn and walk up to the door , hesitate before open it . rummaging through he pocket , he pull out a handful of expire driver 's license . choose the one he think best suit himself , he walk in with trepidation . the scalper see someone else come up . scalper hey , chief , you need a ticket ? second row center , seventy - five clam . it 's trip . trip no thanks , dude . I be beat my ticket out of some poor , defenseless chump . trip exit frame . scalper what 's happen to kid today ? int . it's raining men strip joint - night Hawk enter you average , everyday , male strip joint . a crowd of lusty women cheer on a stripper in a fireman' suit . he dance on a light , tile stage under a spin , mirror ball . Hawk show the man at the door he fake license and the man nod he in . he approach the bar in the early stage of be very intimidate . the bartender , a man dress only in tight , black , tuxedo pants , shirt cuff , and a tie , come up to Hawk . hawk ( voice crack ) like to sign up for the contest . the bartender give Hawk the once over . bartender you be a little scrawny , but thanks to the concert we be low on amateur . name ? hawk Hawk . bartender pick a song , Hawk . hawk get any kiss ? bartender you kid ? this be Detroit . drink ? hawk yeah , a man 's drink ... Hawk squint at a name tag on the bartender 's tie . hawk ... dickey . dickey go to the bottle rack on the other side of the bar . hawk ( to himself ) I be gonna need all the help I can get tonight . dickey return with the drink and Hawk pull out he money clip . hawk ( look at the drink ) what 's that ? bartender you mean you never see a Jack Daniels on the rock before ? Hawk look at the unfamiliar drink again try to play it cool . hawk sure , I have . but not one with ice in it , that 's all . bartender ( see money clip ) save you money , stud muffin . the lady at the end of the bar send she love . dickey point to a woman sit at the end of the bar . mature and sexy . she 's a knock -out . every teenage boy 's fantasy . Hawk 's eye pop at this " Mrs. Robinson " before he . hawk whoa ... she be a killer . bartender amanda finch . her ex be one of the wealthiest businessman in Detroit . play you card right and you could hit paydirt . she like them young . ( lean in ) and since you look a little new at this , let I give you three word of advice . hard to get . think it , act it , know it , be it . nothing a woman love more than when you beat she at she own head game . dicky pat Hawk 's shoulder and leave . Hawk look away from amanda and scan the room . he glance back at amanda . she 's still gaze at he the way queen of yore must have eye particularly cute knight . she wink and toast Hawk . Hawk raise he glass smile nervously . they both sip at they drink . she lick she lip suggestively at he . and , Hawk proceed to cough up he mouthful of Jack Daniels , spraying it all over the bar . smiley mart / hauling bass ext . smiley mart - night you typical 70 's convenient store . out front two six year old in Star Wars tee-shirt play tug -o- war with a stretch armstrong doll . trip stomp over grab they by they mini shirt . when he try to act tough , it 's pathetic . even six year old be not afraid . trip hey , you little twerps , gimme you kiss ticket or I will pop you fuckin ' face in . six year old # 1 we do not have any kiss ticket . six year old # 2 yeah , kiss suck ! trip I oughta kick you ass for sayin ' that . he grab the stretch armstrong and stuff it in he pocket . trip but I be in a hurry so I will just take this instead . now scram . the kid run away . int . smiley mart - night the store be crawl with kiss fan , some read the comic book , other play pinball against a far wall , still other look at the poster section . trip enter on a mission . he look around catch the eye of a pretty cashier . she 's a rocker , wear a who tee-shirt , a mood ring , and just a little too much make -up . she smile at he . trip return the smile with a feeble wave . her mood ring turn from blue to pink . concentrate on the layout of the store , trip peer all the way to the back to a darken corner ... where he spy a little kid wear a kiss tee-shirt play a kiss pinball machine . trip smile . the eagle have spot a fuzzy , little bunny . he move in for the kill , walk past a crowd of kid at the magazine rack , past the hostess aisle , past the dairy cooler and into the darken corner . he stand behind the little kid , relishing this moment . the kid be actually pretty good . we also see now the little kid have he face paint like Ace frehley . trip hey , little kid . suddenly distract , the kid lose the ball . little kid shit ! you just skunke my last ball , you ... trip clamp a hand over the little kid 's mouth . trip okay , booger , you kiss ticket or you life . the little kid say something but trip 's hand muffle he word . trip hunh ? the kid say what he say before , but it be utterly incomprehensible , once again thanks to trip 's hand . trip ( look at he hand ) oh. okay ... but scream and you will never live to see puberty . I will pop you fuckin ' face in . trip pull he hand away . little kid please sir , do not beat I up . I do have a kiss ticket , but not on I . trip a likely story . Hand it over , kid . little kid ( bottom lip quivering ) no really . my brother 's hang onto it for safe keep . please , let I get he for you . the kid turn and yell into the store before trip can stop he . little kid hey , chongo ! a titanic guy at the comic book rack look up from he issue of " thing " when he hear he name . chongo have a very low forehead and the expression of a angry bull plaster onto he face . trip ( get scared ) hey , kid , that 's okay . I do not wanna see kiss that ba ... little kid do not try to run , maggot . chongo 's a all -state track star in every event . trip what do you want ? little kid ( gleefully ) a tag on you toe . nobody threaten I and life . trip look , you can have my wallet ... little kid it 's not nearly enough , punk . chongo be get ever- closer with he tree trunk leg , he barrel chest and hydraulic biceps . he be join by two bud . little kid besides , I be gonna take you wallet anyway . after chongo and he friend crush you ribcage like a pack of lucky . chongo arrive eyeing trip with distaste . trip go white . chongo this fairy givin ' you shit , bro ? little kid he be gonna mug I for my kiss ticket . trip me? mug ? that 's nut . I say , do you know where I can take a piss . chongo and he two bud laugh . then , without a second of warning , chongo belt trip in the gut . trip double over and fall breathlessly to he knee . chongo okay , pimple dick , you have get the option of walk outside with we or gettin ' drag out . either way you be comin ' with we . trip catch he breath . trip please , sir , do not kick my ass ! I will do anything to get out of a beat ! little kid say , chongo , perhaps we could use some extra cash for tasty snack at the kiss concert we weasly friend will not be attend . chongo scratch he head . chongo how much cash do you figure ? little kid take five for a minute , chongo . let I do the math . the little kid tap he finger on he chin and the theme from " jeopardy " begin . while the kid think , trip look nervously up at chongo and he bud . chongo reach into he denim vest pocket and we hear a crinkling noise . he come back up with two walnut , put they between he bicep and forearm . trip watch in horror as chongo make a muscle and the walnut be shell between two wall of iron-hard flesh . creeeaaaack ! chongo eat the walnut , shell and all . ext . parking lot - night the full - to- capacity parking lot be patrol by a couple of security guard . lex cautiously make he way to the edge of the parking lot and look at the back side of cobo Hall just beyond the chain link fence that surround the lot . he crouch down and walk between two car park against the fence , look both way . see a guard 's flashlight beam , he sit stock still until the beam sweep past , then sigh ease . lex ( whisper to self ) I can not believe I be actually entertaining the notion of sneaking in . I oughta have my cranium examine . lex find a vertical break in the chain link . he lay on he back , slide through , then stand on the other side of the fence . he 's at the edge of a weedy , littery field that also happen to be poorly light . lex whoa . danger will Robinson . spook , he lay down again intend to slide back through when a flashlight beam hit he eye . security guard voice hey you ! get back in here ! lex see the guard stand about fifty foot away on the other side of the fence . panick , he bolt deeper into the field . security guard voice you be not get far , kid ! lex double - time it as we hear the guard yell into he walkie-talkie . security guard voice we get one just run into the field from the north lot ! the field get darker as lex close in on cobo Hall 's well - light load dock , where roadies empty the remain bit of kiss 's monstrous set from a 18 - wheeler . other huge truck be park nearby . there 's a bustle of last minute activity . ext . loading dock - night lex scurries from giant speaker box to a stack of light to huge trunk , keep well hide . he dodge roady and avoid be see by other guard . he slither along side the 18 - wheeler and near the load bay . up ahead some auxiliary speaker , drum kit , and scaffold wait they turn to be carry into the building . security guard voice there he be ! lex spin . the security guard , flanke by two other , barrel right for he . lex shit ! he dive roll under the 18 - wheeler . the three security guard leap for the pavement and crawl under the semi after he . on the other side of the semi the three guard scramble to they foot and grab a scrawny body . they spin he around roughly . security guard alright , wiseguy , you be so outta here ! they suddenly realize they have get the wrong man . it 's a roadie . roadie hey , what the fuck ? the roadie hold up he all - access laminate angrily . roadie keep you paw to yourself , ya dumb fuckin ' ape . the security guard look around frantically for lex as other roady join in to defend they comrade . security guard where would he go ? you see he ? no one pay attention as a bass drum be carry past the guard and up the load dock ramp . they do not notice lex cramme inside contort into a shape befit a yoga master . pray he will not be spot , lex hold he breath as he 's carry into the building and disappear . jam in a jam / kiss this int . ST . sebastian' cathedral - night jam sit in the front pew , head bury in he hand as Mrs. Bruce and the priest talk on the alter . Beth move quietly in the back , unseen and unheard . she look overwhelm by the architecture , the detail on the stain glass window , the icon carve into the column that support the extravagantly decorate ceiling . the priest catch a glimpse of Beth meander in the back . priest uh , next mass be not until tomorrow morning , young lady . run along now . Beth smile nervously and head back toward the front door pass a confessional booth . she throw a glance back at the priest and Mrs. Bruce who have return to confer , they back to she . she stealthily duck into the booth . mrs . bruce now it 's be a while since my boy have holy confession . could you ...? priest ( smile ) consider it do . Mrs. Bruce look down at jam and see he drumstick poke out of he sock . she immediately take they out and stuff they into she jacket . jam do not even move . mrs . bruce it 's about time you give up on that stupid dream once and for all . no son of mine be go to be a career musician . jam be stung . Mrs. Bruce and the priest head back down the center aisle exite through the gigantic front door . she eye jam . mrs . bruce thank you , Father . I will be back for he before you know it ; after I take care of some unfinish business . priest just knock loudly , sister . he let she out and lock the door , leave the key in the lock , and walk over to jam . priest come along , son . get into the booth . he help the despondent jam up . they walk to the booth and jam reluctantly get inside . int . confessional booth - night jam kneel on the board and a mere two foot behind he , Beth sit on a bench shroud in darkness . her posture be that of someone with a crate of nitroglycerine on she lap . we hear the shuffling noise of the priest get into he own compartment next door . a moment later the small , eye - level door slide open . the priest 's face be barely visible on the other side of the thick screen , but he 's there . jam forgive I , Father , for I have sin . this be my first confession in ... well ... a really long time . priest prepare to receive the Act of penance . how many sin have you commit since you last confession ? jam just one , Father , but boy be it a doozy . Beth lean forward slightly and listen to jam 's confession . int . it's raining men strip joint - night Hawk 's at a bar stool gulp sloppily and woozily from a rock glass . four more empty rock glass sit in front of he . he stare at the sexy woman who smile back , blow he kiss from the other side of the bar . the emcee enter the stage . emcee ( into microphone ) okay , lady , hang onto you hormone . here come we next amateur . let 's have a big hand for Hawk ! the beginning of a rockin' kiss tune come over the p.a. and dicky approach Hawk . emcee you be up , Hawk . Hawk wake up fast . there 's nothing more sober than have to undress in public . hawk oh , dicky , I c-c- can not ... bartender you be not gonna chicken out on I now , be you ? we have get you kiss song play and everything . hawk I - I c-ca not ... bartender ( lean in close ) look , people undress in public because , a , they be exhibitionist , B , they be nutcase , or C , they need the money . I can tell you be not a , and I hope to hell you be not B . so my suggestion be , think about why you be a C and let you body party , shake you groove thing , boogie oogie oogie till you just can not boogie no more . Hawk think about it , then downs the rest of he drink . he grimace at it 's taste , then open he eye with new resolve . hawk you be right , dicky . I gotta do it for kiss . gotta put a bag over its head and ( hiccup ) do it for kiss . Hawk swivel he bar stool to the right and get off , forget to stand when he foot hit the floor . he proceed to fall flat on he face . dicky look down concerned , but Hawk stand with a little difficulty and head for the stage . the crowd of woman part down the middle for he and check he out as he walk by . they seem to like what they see . Hawk look nervously at the carnivorous face leer at he package first , he ass after . what the hell be he do ? Hawk reluctantly climb onto the stage and the gal start clapping to the song . he face they and start gyrate he drunken hip at they , feel no confidence whatsoever , until ... the cheer start to echo and the pulsing light begin to hurt he eye . Hawk watch the world proceed to spin faster than the disco ball above he head . he stop gyrate and clutches he stomach . belching . uh-oh . Hawk spot a almost - empty beer pitcher one of the cheering - in-slow-motion woman hold above she head . he run up to the edge of the stage , grab the pitcher , and puke . the cheer and music come to a grind halt . you can hear a pin drop as Hawk yack he gut out into the beer pitcher . it go on for a excruciatingly long time , then finally stop . Hawk look up at the hundred of astonished eye stare at he . he wipe he mouth , then a look of ease wash over he face . hawk wow . I feel a hundred time better ! he hand the vomit-filled pitcher back to the shocked woman . hawk thanks lady . he look over at the emcee , who gaze at Hawk from the dj booth . hawk maestro ? as you be . the emcee stand perfectly still , jaw agape . hawk come on , dude , we get a bunch of frisky feline wait for some entertainment ! the show must go on ! Hawk start gyrate even though the music be still off . the emcee shrug , re-cuing the song . it start again as Hawk face the crowd , dance with new - find bravado . the woman come out of they dumbstruck coma and reluctantly start clapping again . Hawk pull off he jacket and twirl it over he head Roger daltry style . then he pull it back down and toss it into the crowd . the woman actually fight over it . encourage , Hawk then peel off he kiss Army tee-shirt and hurl it at the woman , who squeal with delight . sure , he may be scrawny , but they do not mind . this lad 's get personality . adrenaline pump , confidence building , Hawk start play the crowd of very responsive lady . he unbutton he jeans first . then , leave they on , he do a " air guitar " medley : Chuck Berry , ZZ top , angus Young from ac / DC , and elvis costello in six easy step . Hawk finish off with a Pete townshend windmill , shaking he ass at he audience in mid-strum , then lick he finger and touch one of he cheek : " hot stuff " ( he do this in a manly way of course ) . then Hawk pause to adjust what look to be he underwear bunching up in he crack . the woman whoo -hoo . he segues into a Mick Jagger rooster strut and the lady go ga-ga . he make the sign of the horn with each hand and wiggle a protrude tongue like gene simmon . the gal scream in orgastic joy . then , Hawk go for the gold . yes , he do the fonzie dance ! the woman be now overcome by sheer animal lust . Hawk 's whipped he audience into a frenzied pack of bitch in heat . amanda smirk and suck from she little drink straw suggestively . at long last Hawk figure he have to give they what they want . he put he finger to he fly , pause , then unzip . his brittanias fall to he ankle , revealing a pair of bony leg stick down from some kiss boxer short . the lady go batty . unfortunately Hawk have neglect a cardinal rule of disrob . never pull you pants down without take you shoe off first . he try to kick off he shoe . the leave one go fly across the bar and thwack , bean a middle - aged woman in the face . she fly backwards over a chair . try to kick the other shoe off , Hawk lose he balance and fall backwards , hit he head on the edge of the bar . drum roll / negotiation int . smiley mart - night trip look at the little kid , chongo , and the two bud in fear . trip two hundred buck ? little kid you hear I , nad breath . my time 's precious and I think that 's a reasonable price to pay for you sorry life . trip look , I want to live , but I do not know where the fuck I be gonna find two hundred buck . the little kid shake he head in disgust . little kid chongo ? take he outside and tear he ass out through he mouth . chongo advance , muscle flex . trip hold on ! I know how I can get the money ! I just figure it out ! only you might wanna wait outside . the little kid and chongo look at each other . chongo I do not trust he . little kid I think he 's on the level . he 's too stupid to try anything sneaky anyway . look at he , he 's a moron . they look back at trip . little kid you get fifteen minute and not a second longer . we have a concert to go to . see you outside . trip nod sullenly as the kid , chongo , and the two bud exit . then he check to make sure stretch armstrong be still with he . int . bass drum - night lex be twisted like a pretzel as he 's carte into the bowel of cobo Hall . he try to keep calm , but it 's not in he nature . lex ( under he breath ) keep it together , lex . anything worth fight for be worth die for . int . cobo hall / receiving area - night roadies and techies run in all direction as last minute preparation be be attend to . two roady carry the base drum down a long ramp unaware that lex be hide inside . roadie # 2 Boy , this one 's heavy . suddenly , roadie # 2 snag he foot on a mess of cable and lose he balance , drop the oversize drum . in a instant the drum go roll down the ramp quickly gain speed . roadie # 2 shit ! the roady bolt after the runaway drum . other worker scurry out of the way to avoid be hit by the speed instrument . int . bass drum - night lex spin like in a dryer on speed . lex whooooaaa ! int . cobo hall / receiving area - night more techy jump out of the way as the wayward drum head right for a close set of double door . the roady be just about to grab it before impact , when ... the door unexpectedly swing open . the foxy groupies on the other side scream at the sight of the careen drum head straight for they . roadie # 2 Close that door ! too late . the groupy jump away as the drum fly through the open door and down a flight of stair . int . cobo hall stairwell - night the drum bounce down the zigzag stairway violently . lex 's grunt of pain can be hear from inside . at the bottom the big drum hit the landing hard , tip over , then spin like a quarter get faster before it stop . on the roadies they barrel down the stair two at a time . finally reach the bottom , they grab the drum . roadie # 2 Peter 's gonna kill we . as they carry the drum back up the stair , we see it be now empty . once the roady be go , camera tilt up to the ceiling . there 's lex clutching expose pipe for dear life , hang upside down , praying the coast be clear . beth' confession / compensatory possibility int . confessional - night jam be at the end of he confession . the priest be still listen on the other side of the screen . Beth sit in the shadow behind jam . jam so , you see if it be not for I , I and my friend would be at that kiss concert right now ... together . priest that 's it ? jam yeah . priest well , this be a unique confession to say the least , son . and not exactly the most interesting one I have ever hear either . you sure you do not want to talk about ... oh , carnal knowledge with a neighborhood girl or impure thought about the new student teacher maybe ... or how about find a box of magazine under you dad 's bed ? jam no. priest well then , I suggest you have a seat on the bench behind you and think of something a little juicier to confess than lose kiss ticket . I realize this be Detroit , but I personally find , what that rock and roll band be all about , to be boring as lucifer 's kingdom . I will return in a little while . the priest slide the door shut again . jam be all but shroud in darkness , but can make out the time on he watch . it 's get late . he resignedly sit on the bench behind he ... right on Beth 's lap . jam yell , but Beth throw she hand over he mouth . his eye bulge . he can not believe what he 's see . he climb off Beth and sit next to she . jam ( whisper ) Beth ? I can not believe it . beth believe it . jam think for a beat . something still be not quite click . jam be you wait for confession ? I think you be jewish ? beth can hardly speak . she gulp think of what to say . beth I have a confession . here it be . Beth give he the biggest , wettest , sloppiest kiss in record history . she pull away finally wiping she mouth . beth I do not mean for that to be so ... intense . forgive I . jam I do not care . I wanna hear more . she lunge at he again , kissing he for dear life . her lip leave he and begin to explore he chin , neck , ear . beth I have love you ever since I first laid eye on you , jeremiah . I have just always be too scared to show it . jam Beth , I can not believe you just say that because that 's exactly how I have always feel about you ... call I jam . it 's my band name . beth you do not know how long I have be wait to hear that ... jam ! he kiss she neck . unable to stop , they start undress each other , both breathe heavy . beth we have get to take this slow ... jam right , slow ... beth oh , screw it ! she tear he tee-shirt open with she tooth . int . it's raining men strip joint - night a really buff stripper dress as a construction worker be on stage with about ten other who stand in the background . the emcee 's hand hover above the stripper 's head . emcee okay , lady , it 's down to ... Troy the human jackhammer ... the woman applaud as we ... follow the emcee 's hand to Hawk who hold a ice pack on the side of he head . emcee ... and Mr. massive head wound accompany by a upset stomach - Hawk ! the woman applaud but not quite as loud . emcee no contest . the grand prize of seventy - five dollar go to Troy the human jackhammer ! the woman cheer and a DISCO song start as Troy do a reprise of he act . Hawk walk away from the stage with the rest of the reject stripper , look the way he feel : pretty damn stupid . he put on he pants , try to walk at the same time and fall to he knee . a helpful hand grab he under the arm and help he up . it 's amanda look lustier than ever . hawk thanks , miss . amanda you be too kind . I be amanda . hawk right , well , thanks for the drink and stuff , amanda , but there 's no reason for I to stick around this part anymore . amanda do not be so glum , Hawk . the night 's still young and fill with plenty of compensatory possibility . hawk huh ? amanda I would be in a position to spend some money on you if you would get in a position and spend some time on I . Hawk gulp . int . confessional booth - night jam and Beth lay buck naked , tightly wrap around each other in the heat of passion on the confessional booth floor . they kiss , sweat , and pant heavily . suddenly , the slide door to the priest 's booth open . jam and Beth freeze . priest voice where be you , son ? jam uhh , tie my shoe . priest voice oh . so , have you think of a colorful confession yet ? jam actually , yes . last year I walk out of a candy store with a Reggie bar I have not pay for , but go back and apologize the next day . priest voice booor . think , boy , think ! we hear the door slide shut again as Beth and jam pick up where they leave off . hold up int . smiley mart - night trip leaf through a kiss comic , not really pay attention to it . directly behind he be the register and the cashier . he start hearing voice in he head . we see super of he friend ' face hover around he . lex's voice I can not believe you be even think of commit a robbery , trip . you do not pass go and collect 200 dollar for pull stuff like this . hawk' voice no shit , dude , be this really worth it ? sure you get you ass kick nine way to Sunday by that fuck gorilla , but it 's still a hundred time better than get it pork for the next three to five . trip send brief , agitate glance around the store meeting the cashier 's eye again . she smile at he coyly as she play with she mood ring . he give she the eye , then return to he comic . jam' voice and what about that girl , trip ? she will never forget this night . even if you get away with it , she will be scar for life . when be you gonna realize sometimes be tough mean be tender . trip ( to the other voice ) alright , everybody , shut up ! trip snap out of it . all the shopper and cashier be star at he . he cough loudly , clear he throat to cover he outburst . the shopper go back to shopping . a man with a long coat enter the store , look around , then take a spot alongside trip and open a mad Magazine . trip ( whisper to himself ) okay , bro . you gonna have to do this sometime . might as well be now . trip put a hand in he pocket and take one last look at stretch armstrong before stuff the action figure back in so it look like he 's get a gun . he take three deep breath and discreetly pull he knit cap down over he eye , revealing it actually as a semi-ski mask that cover the top half of he face . just then , the man with the coat put the magazine back and pull something over he own head . trip whirl around point stretch-in-his -pocket at the cashier ... just as the man in the coat , now mask with a stock , pull the biggest shotgun ever make from under he coat , point it at the cashier as well . the cashier shriek . so do trip . man with coat even , honey . y'know what I be , what this be , and what you have to do , so do it quick . ( to shopper , trip include ) the rest of you kindly introduce yourselves to the floor and kiss it hello . his thunder now steal , trip drop to the floor along with everyone else . the air be very tense . the cashier start sobbing , keep she hand in the air . man with coat ( to cashier ) do or die , bitch ! next time I let the barrel do the talk . cashier p-p-please , mister , I be just a high school kid ... man with the coat cock the chamber and the cashier immediately open the register drawer and start empty it . man with coat fuck school , that 's what I say ! I just go through the motion till I be old enough to drop out and I be leave here with at least two fifty the easy way . look where all that study 's gonna get you tonight . robbed at gunpoint and possibly shot in the fuck head ... for minimum wage ! the man with the coat 's laughter echoes in trip 's head till he just can not take it anymore . on the cashier she suddenly shoot a surprise glance over the man with the coat 's shoulder . see this , the man spin around . there 's trip behind he . trip alright , drop it or I will kick you ass ! astounded by trip 's audacity , the man with the coat turn he shotgun point- blank at trip . man with coat oh , yeah ! you and what army ? trip ( gulp ) the kiss Army ! crashing backstage int . cobo hall / backstage - night you wildest fantasy of a rock show 's backstage area come true . the place be pack with " beautiful " people . scantily - clad babe everywhere . slick , record biz -types . lot of food . lot of booze . lot of fun . it 's backstage at a kiss concert , come on ! camera tilt up above the party horde to find lex shim along a expose duct amid the pipe , sprinkler , and vent . look straight down on everybody , lex be in awe and disbelief . lex this be real . this be not a dream ! this be real ! I have pierce the inner circle ! he take the opportunity to peer down some big busted girl be cleavage . then he eye spot something else . he gasp . a door . on it a star . written on the star , the word , kiss . lex oh , God , they be in there ! a big-haire hipster in mirrore sunglass knock on the dress room door . it open , but lex can not see inside . the hipster stand in the doorway talk to whoever be there . lex crane he neck to see around the door jamb . desperate for a glimpse of he idol , he lean out too far . suddenly , the entire duct collapse . break loose of the ceiling , lex hurl to the floor clutching the duct . backstage goer leap for cover as smash ... he hit the ground in a shower of plaster and dust . the hipster protectively pull the dress room door shut as two security men jump in front of it . instantly , huge , burly hand come down on lex 's shoulder . before he can react , a slew of officer have he off he foot and carry he away , a stunne expression freeze to he face . ext . alley behind cobo hall - night lex be throw into a heaping garbage dumpster by the scruff of he neck . the security officer laugh and pat themselves on the back as they hurry back in . lex peek out the lid . the alley be dark and spooky . he jump out of the trash and come face to face with the biggest german shepherd that have ever live . its tooth be bare and its black , wolf - like body be coiled , ready to spring . grrrrrrr ! lex jump backward hit the dumpster . a growling pitbull walk out from the shadow and join the shepherd . lex ( petrify ) dog ! why do it have to be dog ! then , a growling doberman with a spike collar emerge from the darkness on the other side of the alley , its solid , muscular form make the brick building nearby look like jello . lex start slapping himself on the face . lex wake up , lex ! wake up , man ! this part 's gotta be a nightmare ! no luck . he stop , when several other dog emerge from the shadow and gather behind the first three . this new mutt immediately join in the growling chorale . the shepherd snap at lex . lex ( to the heaven ) God , if you ever get I outta this , I swear I will never masturbate again ! the pack bark even louder . lex ( to heaven again ) I really mean it this time ! int . confessional booth - night Beth lay in jam 's arm on the floor . they might as well be the only two people on the face of the earth . they whisper . beth so . be it true that gene simmon have a cow 's tongue graft onto he real one ? y'know , to make it so long ? jam I dunno . I think he have the piece of skin under he tongue remove so he could stick it out farther . I be not too up on gene trivia . beth you man be the drummer , Peter criss , right ? jam Peter criss be my inspiration , man . if I pay a hundred buck for a kiss show and all I see be he solo , I would consider it ... money ... hey , how would you know that ? beth I have all you notebook doodle memorize , jam ... here . she open she backpack and pull out a package address to jam . the return address read : Beth bumsteen , somewhere in Ann arbor . jam Ann arbor ? beth my dad 's company be relocate he . we be move . that 's why I be act so freaky in school today . I think it be the last time I would ever see you . anyway , open the box . I would have give it to you this morning , except ... like I say , I be freaking out . jam open the box and he jaw drop . it 's a black tee-shirt with the " mystery " logo print in white on the chest . jam hold it up . it 's gigantic . beth I pass by this really cool tee-shirt shop on my way to school every day and I know you wear that black tee- shirt all the time . you look like a size thirty - five , but all the size be in Roman numeral . so I get you a xxxl . that 's thirty - five , be not it ? touched , jam kiss she for a long time . he start put on the shirt when suddenly they hear the shuffling of the priest enter he booth . jam grab he clothes and sit back on the bench . Beth start get dress at he foot . priest okay , you better have something really sinful for I this time , son . my patience be wear to thread and you mom will be here any minute . jam ( pull up he pants ) alright , Father , here it be . about two week ago I go to my cousin 's wedding and one of the bridesmaid ask I if I want to take a bath . priest no ... Beth be tie she shoe . jam slip on he sock . jam I be insulted , so I ask she if I be wreak some wick b.o. , right ? then she say no , she want to take a bath with I . priest oh , this be terrible ... please go on . jam well , she be a very tempting siren , Father . built like you would not believe . so I give into temptation about a block away from the wedding reception at this little motel that charge by the hour . jam pause . priest well ? continue ! continue ! jam okay ... when she peel off that gown , you will never guess what she be wear underneath . priest be it a teddy ? fully dress , Beth crawl out of the confessional . jam no. much bet ... I mean , much more sinful than that . priest a bustier ? jam tell you what . you keep guess and I will say something when you get it . priest splendid ! I love a good game of name that nightie . jam quietly sneak out . int . ST . sebastian' cathedral - night we can hear the priest 's voice as jam hurry to Beth . they dash out the door . priest voice satin underwear ? crotchless panty ? leopard skin bra ? fishnet leotard ? leather g-string ? ext . alley behind cobo hall - night still trap by the growling , barking pack of dog , lex search nervously through the garbage behind he . lex okay , okay , you be piss off . I can see this . so ... maybe what we need ... ah-ha . lex hold up a wear - out , old frisbee . lex play some frisbee , poochy ? the pack just glare and snarl . he toss the frisbee over the pack ' head , but the dog do not even acknowledge it . they just keep barking and growling . meanwhile , a unnotice dog at the rear of the pack , a mangy basset hound , turn its flat head to see the frisbee land on the ground behind he . his tail start to wag . lex ( exasperate ) alright ! I give up ! I hearby and forthwith defer my destiny to you mutt . I may be a intelligent , upright , walk , homo -fuck sapien , but you fleabag be a force of nature . so , I be just gonna sit here and wait for you to decide . if you let I live , I thank you . if you bite my head off , I will die know I do all I could . it 's up to you . lex wait before the growling , snapping canine . suddenly , the basset hound run up in front of the pack and drop the frisbee at lex 's foot . lex look down at the floppy , wrinkly dog , who wag its tail and pant furiously . lex well , how do you like that ? lex start to pet the hound , and one - by- one the rest of the dog shut -up . shock , lex pick the frisbee up again and throw it . this time the entire pack bolt after the whammo product . lex smile , watch they fight for it in the air ... in slow motion ... as the theme from " chariot of FIRE " begin . the black shepherd finally grab the frisbee in its mouth and run back toward lex . it 's soon join by the rest of the pack . that 's right about when lex realize they be not go to stop . lex whoa ! whoa ! the dog plow into lex full - force knock he into the garbage . they surround he lick he face . lex burst into unstoppable laughter . pull himself up , he pet the dog as they jump around he wag they tail and panting . lex ( baby talk ) you sonsofbitch could tickle a guy to death , y'know that ? sure you do ... sure you do ... lex stop . he hear talking come from inside the windowless , brick building on the other side of the alley . he step in front of the pack and put he finger to he lip . they obey , quieting instantly . he then tiptoe to a thin crack in the brick wall . the dog quietly follow . lex put he eye to the crack and peer in . int . chop shop - night lex's Pov his mom 's volvo and a BMW be on adjacent hydraulic lift inside a makeshift auto-mechanic shop . two beefy jerk with blow torch stand next to the car . one have a bandage on he head and seem to be in pain . beefy jerk # 1 so , I jump into the car , hot - wire it in thirty second and start drive . then , suddenly I hear this scream . the disco queen be asleep in the back seat . beefy jerk # 2 laugh . beefy jerk # 1 you think it 's funny ? how would you like to have a stiletto heel smack you in the temple when you be tryin ' to work ? beefy jerk # 2 laugh more . beefy jerk # 1 check the time . beefy jerk # 1 you about do splittin ' a gut there ? we gotta get this part to Toledo by nine . then a familiar voice be hear come from the back of the shop . christine then maybe you guy will let I go , huh ? lex follow the voice and see christine handcuff to a radiator near the rear of the shop . christine come on , whadaya say ? you scratch my back , I scratch yours . you let I go , and in return , I keep my big mouth shut about you little operation here . mum , know what I mean ? beefy jerk # 2 you be lucky you be still alive , wench . if you be a guy , we woulda think nothin ' of saw you head off with a butter knife . beefy jerk # 1 what be we gonna do with she anyway ? beefy jerk # 2 bare what 's leave of he yellow , crusty tooth beefy jerk # 2 I dunno , but she sure look fun . beefy jerk # 1 touch the bandage on he head . beefy jerk # 1 yeah , and payback 's a bitch . christine gag at the think . angle on wall crack lex 's eyeball bulge with terror . ext . it's raining men parking lot - night dolly from the front end of a jaguar xke , Michigan vanity plate read : amanda . to its windshield , through which we see Hawk and amanda kissing in the front seat , clad only in they underwear . something like " I and mrs . jone " play on the radio . when they separate , amanda take out a flask and offer it to Hawk . hawk thanks . he gulp some down and pull the flask away coughing . hawk what the hell be that ? amanda gin. hawk whoa . some of this hard liquor 's a tad too manly for I . I be a brewski man myself . amanda better ease up then , Hawk . would not want to give you whiskey dick would we ? hawk who 's whiskey Dick ? amanda plant a stock foot on Hawk 's crotch and rub . amanda well . obviously no one you have to worry about ... Woody . hawk my name 's not Woody , it 's haw-haw ... Hawk 's eye cross as he let out a deep , obnoxious groan . hawk ...holy shit ! amanda look down at he crotch . amanda but you do know premature Peter , do not you ? shame , I just buy this stocking . Hawk have never be more embarrassed . hawk well , amanda , this have be quite a night . so far you have see I and my dick throw up . ( to the heaven ) what 's next ? projectile diarrhea ? ( beat , to amanda ) man . what a stud , huh ? amanda believe it or not , you still have a way to go before you start compete with my soon - to- be-ex-husband ... the champion of lousy lovemake . the man who think he 's the biggest and the best ... the man who think every secretary , stewardess , and cocktail waitress he fuck should lick he foot for the honor . the man for whom fake it be invent . Christ , if I have not get pregnant with we son , I would have never know I even have sex with the prick . she take a healthy swig of gin , relishing its bitterness . hawk you love he ? amanda I just tell you , he 's a big , hairy ... hawk no , I mean ... you love you son ? amanda more than anything in the world . hawk and he love you back , do not he ? amanda he 's a little spoiled , but I know he do . hawk well , shame on he if he do not . she pat he shoulder . amanda you be sweet . Hawk stare out the windshield . hawk my mom die of a heart attack while she be have I . man , I wish I have know she for even one day . if they ever invent a time machine , that 's what I be do . go back in time to meet my mom . I be gonna say , " Mrs. pitchford ?... or miss Williams , depend on when I show up . you do not know I , but I be you kid from the future . just want to thank you for the blue eye , pug nose and for tie the knot with a guy who do not mind diaper detail ... oh , and , uh ... cut down on the red meat , will ya ? " amanda caress Hawk 's cheek . he turn with she hand and kiss it . he take she arm and begin kissing he way up to she neck , she cheek , she mouth ... dr . love to the rescue int . smiley mart - night it 's a stand - off . prone customer look up at trip and the man with the long coat circle each other like shark . the helpless cashier let out fearful sob . man with coat gimme you gun , boy ! trip no , you gimme you gun , boy ! man with coat do not tempt I , I will shoot ! trip not if I shoot first ! man with coat I do not even think you have a gun ! trip neither do I ! the man with the coat put he shotgun against trip 's head . man with coat now , for the last time , take the piece out and lay back down or you mom 's gonna need the White tornado to get the brain outta you ski cap . trip gulp . the jig 's up . he slowly pull out stretch armstrong , and the man with the coat glance down and start to laugh very loud . so loud , he throw he head back . when he recover , trip 's get stretch aim at he head and pull back to maximum tension . trip smile , you sonofa ... trip let go . wzzmack ! the man get it right in the face and fall backward onto the hostess display , toppling a whole bunch of Ho - Ho 's , ding - Dong 's , twinkies , and suzy - o 's to the ground . trip run up and grab the shotgun away as the man with the coat lift he head briefly , then pass out . trip turn around and the cashier slam into he , nearly knock he over . she throw she arm around he let out relieved sob . behind she all the customer rise from the floor clapping . trip do it . he save the fuck store ! the cashier look into trip 's mask eye . cashier thank you ! thank you !... who be you ? trip ( with confidence ) call I ... Dr. Love ! she plant a thousand mega- watt kiss on he lip and we zoom in on she mood ring change color from gray to fire engine red . trip 's eye widen just before ... kaboom ... the shotgun he 's hold go off , blow a hole in the ceiling . the recoil from the blast jolt trip and the cashier apart . we now see trip 's face be smear with bright , red lipstick . a huge chunk of ceiling fall onto he head but he do not move . the kiss hit he harder . i'm here for the girl and the car int . chop shop - night bzzzzz ! christine and the beefy jerk watch the brown , ' 78 volvo , Ohio plate : ob - gyn , ascend on a hydraulic lift . behind they sit the BMW skeleton . this boy work fast . christine you guy better kill I before you do what you be think of do . Cause when I be mad enough , I can bite down very hard . the beefy jerk laugh . beefy jerk # 1 sweet polly purebred 's get some spunk , huh ? beefy jerk # 2 I will give she some spunk alright . they put they blow torch down and turn to she . beefy jerk # 1 we stripped that beemer in fifteen minute . Bet we can strip she in fifteen second . they giggle maniacally and lumber toward christine . they shadow grow larger and larger across she . christine ( mile a minute ) now wait a minute , guy ! two against one be not fair . lemme go back and get my friend Barbara . you would love she . tit the size of you head . you will feel like a little baby suck on them . I swear , I will bring she right back . it will be a four-way ... you guy like disco ? I teach disco dance at my church . you guy look like you get rhythm in you blood . come on , free lesson if you let I go . beefy jerk # 1 I know a dance we can do . the horizontal hustle . they both laugh . just as they be about to grab she ... suddenly , the garage door behind they slide up revealing darkness . christine and the beefy jerk look out anxiously . beefy jerk # 1 who 's there ? silence except for cricket . then ... from out of the darkness emerge a figure ... lex . christine 's eye brighten like a bulb . lex I be here for the girl and the car . you can try to stop I , but I must warn you , it may be hazardous to you health . the beefy jerk laugh at this little punk . they start toward he , one with a tire iron , the other a big monkey wrench . beefy jerk # 1 too bad . he be such a young idiot . beefy jerk # 2 ehhh . he be a stupid boy . he deserve to die . lex let out a quick high - pitched whistle . the pack of barking dog lead by the shepherd , the pit bull , the doberman , and the basset hound , step from the darkness and flank lex , growling and snarling at the beefy jerk . lex listen to they . Children of the night . what music they make ... hound of hell ? say hello to dinner ! the beefy jerk drop they tool on they foot and yelp in pain . the pack take this as a threat and charge the beefy jerk , who bolt for a glass - partition office . the dog scratch and bark at the window ferociously . lex smile at christine . she smile back . he press the " down " button on the lift and the volvo descend . lex yell to the beefy jerk through the glass . lex one foot out of that office and you ass be alpo ! lex unlock christine . she leap into he arm . christine wow ! thank you ! you be cooler than the fonz . she give he a linger kiss . lex lean back , give the double thumb - up , and say ... lex aaaayyyyy ! lex take she hand and they walk over to the volvo . lex let she in then round the car to the driver 's side . beefy jerk # 1 hey , what about the dog ? lex you get a phone in there ? they nod . lex drip a dry smile onto they . lex call the cop . the beefy jerk watch in disbelief as the volvo screech out of the chop shop . 2 goddby , a punch in the gut and a drumstick ext . white castle parking lot - night Beth 's parent wait in the run car as jam and Beth share a heartfelt good - bye outside the back door . beth Ann arbor be not ... that far from Cleveland , right ? jam Nah . once I get my own wheel , I could come up all the time . beth that would be great . hey , maybe someday you band will play there . it 's a college town , you know ? jam take she hand . jam I feel like such a idiot . why do not I just say something a year and a half ago ? man , think of how much time we waste . beth let 's not think about the past . let 's just think about from today on . I will never forget you , jam . jam tell I about it . Church will never be the same again . they stare at each other for a really long time . then , kiss . beep . beep . dad look back out the window and clear he throat loudly . beth ( flustered ) come dad . ( to jam ) I will call you . soon as we get a phone . bye . jam bye . she get in the car . they both wave as the impala turn a corner out of sight . jam be leave alone still wave long after she 's go . int . amanda be jag - night amanda and Hawk be half - dress post-coitus . she look in she purse . hawk amanda , as ironic as this be gonna sound , I can not take any money for ... I be no Midnight cowboy , y'know . it would only cheapen the whole deal for I . amanda I be not pay you for the lovemake , Hawk . I just want you to have whatever you need the money for when you take I up on my offer . she force the money into he palm . hawk ... thanks . they kiss . amanda you be a good man , Hawk . thank you . ext . smiley mart - night the cashier , shopper , and a gather crowd watch two cop load the daze man with the coat into a cruiser . cop # 1 ( to cashier ) you would not happen to know where we could find this ... Dr. Love , would you ? cashier it 's company policy to hand over a cash reward of a hundred and fifty dollar to anyone who stop a robbery . I give he the money and he take off . the cop shrug and get into the cruiser . cop # 2 okay , well , thanks anyway . and let we know if you happen to see he again . we would like to ask he some question . the cruiser take off and the cashier stare at she mood ring . it throbs red like a beat heart . cashier ( sighing to herself ) if I see Dr. Love any time soon , you be gonna have to wait till I be do with he first . camera track back quickly and swing just around the corner . ext . smiley mart parking lot - night we find trip count he money out to the little kid , chongo , and they two bud . trip ... hundred forty , hundred fifty . that 's all I get . the little kid put the money in he pocket . little kid tsk. tsk . tsk . I really want thing to work out for you , my weasly , dim - witted friend . you get spunk . ( to chongo ) chongo , give he a fifty dollar wallop . chongo reel back and ... trip oh , no ... please , look . I ... thwam ! right in trip 's face . trip fly off he foot into the smiley Mart brick wall with a thud . a bag of weed drop from he jacket , then some upper , a few sheet of acid , and finally a can of beer roll out . chongo hey , the jerkoff 's get drug . little kid consider it a bonus , chongo . chongo laugh like a ejaculate gorilla as he and he two bud scoop it all up . the little kid , chongo , and the bud leave trip lie in a puddle of he own nose blood . he pull out stretch armstrong and look at he fondly . trip ( misty eye ) at least I still get you , stretch . trip look up . the six year old who he steal it from stand close by have watch the whole humiliate exchange . licked , trip toss the doll to they . they both dash away with it , giggle . ext . nearby STREET - night christine sit in a idling taxi take money from lex , who stand outside the window . lex this oughta be enough to get you to disco inferno , christine . christine come with . it 's not too late for you to catch the fever . lex no can do . but I make a promise to get you to that disco , and we kiss maniac be man of we word . besides ... you be pretty cool ... for a stella , I mean . christine take he hand and write something on he palm in lipstick . christine here 's my number . tell I how cool I be over the phone sometime . okay ? she give lex a kiss then push he away . christine ( to cabbie ) disco inferno , on the double . the taxi screech away as lex smile and get back into the volvo . int . cobo hall - night jam approach the stadium , pass the matmok , walk straight up to Mrs. Bruce . her back be to he . he tap she on the shoulder . she turn . her jaw drop . it escape again ! and what a ugly tee-shirt . jam I be gonna ask you nicely first . Mom , can I have my drumstick back ? taken aback by he confidence , Mrs. Bruce grab he ear and try to pull he away . he will not budge . jam again , can I have my drumstick ? a bunch of idiot walk by with big transistor radio . one of they hold a Mr. microphone and heckles the matmok . lead idiot hey , I be on the radio ! hi , good - lookin ' . we will be back to pick you up later ! Mrs. Bruce yell at jam through she bullhorn . mrs . bruce drumstick be the least of you worry , young man . you be in a world of ... jam yank the Mr. microphone from the lead idiot and scream at he mother , he voice amplify on the transistor . everyone stare . jam I know , mom , I have be in trouble for about twelve hour now ! hellooooo !? the other matmok turn to look as jam climb onto a trash receptacle and shout down at he mother , he face slowly turn purple . jam I be gonna be spend the next two year of my life at St. Bernard 's board School , remember ?! I be gonna be outta you hair till I be a legal adult , remember ?! that way , all you have to do be go to church , light a candle , pray to a little statue for I , and voila ! all be forgiven and forget , right mom ?!! then , you can spend you day in guilt - free pursuit of more constructive activity like tell everybody else how screw up they life be ! that way you no longer need the patience and understanding require to communicate on some normal level with you own child !!! and that way you do not even have to think about how tough it be for you when you be grow up , and it 's a good thing too . Cause if you do , you would realize what a lousy , goddamn , shitty - ass , parent you be !!! the crowd of kiss fan applaud jam 's rant . Mrs. Bruce be utterly wind from the assault . mrs. bruce ( timidly ) jeremiah ... what 's get into you ? jam ( into Mr. microphone ) I just lose my virginity in a confessional booth ! Lord have mercy !! the crowd cheer . jam jump down and hand the Mr. microphone back to the lead idiot . he turn to he mom . jam for the last time , mom . let I have my fuck drumstick . please . Mrs. Bruce reach into the trash , find the drumstick and hand they to he . he spin they like pistol , then stuff they into he sock and walk away . simple plan ext . it's raining men strip club - night Hawk run to the scalper across the street who 's sell a ticket to another kiss fan . hawk whoa ! whoa ! whoa ! that better not be the last ticket ! I hope you have another one for I ! the scalper see Hawk and bolt down the street disappear around a corner . Hawk stop . he 's lose he . Hawk sulk to the now - familiar intersection where all four landmark meet . he take one more look up the block at cobo Hall . nearly all the kiss fan be inside . the street be almost desert . hawk fuck I ! he see someone out of the corner of he eye across the street . it 's jam . lex approach the other corner . trip come up to the forth corner . they all stop when they see each other . each stand on he own corner . they be all piss . they meet in the middle of the street as last minute concert goer hurry by . hawk any luck ? trip plenty , but it be all bad . lex I find the volvo . hawk ticket ? they all shake no . hawk well , dude , the only way we be gonna see kiss this tour be by some fuckin ' miracle . suddenly , a commotion up the street . a surly mom yank four 12 year old brat dress like kiss by the scruff of they neck . she 's furious , they be crying . surly mom how dare you sneak out of the house like that ! you have I worried to death ! do not you know this be Detroit ! and for a degenerate band like kiss ! they be sick , sick , sick and oughta be in jail with they vile antic ! she throw a wad of paper to the pavement as they pass we four heroes . the dude watch she pull the brat away . surly mom just wait until you father get ahold of you ! jam , Hawk , lex , and trip turn and look at the crumpled wad at they foot . it 's a envelope . a angelic spotlight from above highlight it . lex no ... you do not think ...? hawk Nah . could not be . they all shake they head in unison resolve that it be not . then , unable to control themselves , they dive for the envelope . jam tear it open . his tremble hand reach in . all they eye focus like laser on what 's inside . jam pull out four kiss ticket . they jaw drop . they eye bug . jam it 's a miracle ! a miracle ! the boy be practically move to tear . it 's Divine intervention at its finest . suddenly , a greasy hand jut out of nowhere and grab the ticket . the boy look up shocked . they can not believe it . all four boy elvis ?!! yes , elvis . Fire in he eye . mania on he mind . and ticket in he hand . elvis ( laugh hysterically ) whose laugh now ?! whose laugh now , ya little shit ?! I tell ya ... over my dead body ! ha-ha-haaa ! hawk ( arm outstretch ) take it easy , elvis . do not do anything crazy . just give I the ticket before someone get hurt . trip hey , wait a minute ! this be not school property ! he 's not the boss of we here ! elvis ( craze ) that 's right . this be not school . it 's not about school anymore . now it 's personal . lex come on , elvis . we be only kiddin' . it 's all in good fun . we run , you chase . cat and mouse . you know . elvis boy , this time ... I win ! elvis stuff all four ticket in he mouth and chew crazily . in second , gulp . elvis explode into unhinge laughter as he run away zigzagge down the street . we boy be leave dumbstruck and speechless . after a really long pause ... jam well ... I still get my idea if anybody will let I speak . hawk ( beat ) go ahead , jam . jam we all beat each other up , then , once we be nice and bruise , we run over to the ticket taker and say we get mug and we ticket be steal . they gotta let we in then . they stand and think for a moment . Hawk 's mouth curl into a devilish grin . then , he let out a gigantic " aieee !!! and slug jam . the four boy brutally pummel one another in the middle of the intersection . punch . kick . headbutting . ext . cobo hall - night two ticket taker be let the last kiss fan in . they be about to close the door when we four bloody and bruise heroes come run up . hawk dude , you gotta let we in ! four mugger just steal we ticket ! ticket taker ( sceptical ) you expect we to believe that ? jam look at we ! trip point into the crowd of fan inside the auditorium foyer . trip it be that asshole ! they even steal my wallet ! the ticket taker turn to see the little kid , chongo , and they two bud just go in . the ticket taker signal two security guard who proceed to stop the four stunne kid and confiscate they ticket . they find all the steal dope and trip 's wallet . trip Inside that you will find my kiss Army picture i.d. and a hundred fifty buck cash . the security guard see he 's right and break out the cuff . trip ( to little kid ) tsk . tsk . tsk . I be really hope thing would work out for you , my weasly , midget friend . you get spunk . the little kid for once be speechless . then the ticket taker extend he arm in slow motion into cobo Hall as if to say " entrez vous . " the four friend pause . jam this be it ! they take a few slow step almost as if they do not believe it , then run like the wind into the auditorium . detroit rock CITY int . cobo hall auditorium - night the light be out . the lighter have be light . the crowd ' roar be deafen . jam , Hawk , trip , and lex plow they way through the throng and head straight for the front row just as simple Simon take the stage . simple simon you want the best ! and you get the best ! the hot band in the world ... kiss !!! simple Simon run from the stage just as the open chord to detroit rock CITY begin . on the beat , boom , firework shoot from the floor alight the place . kiss take the stage descend on hydraulic elevator . on jam , hawk , trip , and lex they be see God ! the show be spectacular . the costume . the make -up . the blitzkrieg of pyrotechnics . the flash kiss sign . Ace 's smoking guitar . gene 's spew fire . Paul 's rockin ' vocal . Peter 's kick - ass beat . then , something really weird happen . the crowd behind the boy heave forward . jam be push like a twig in a flood and over the shoulder of that in front of he . purely by accident , he be throw onto the stage landing on he stomach between Paul and gene . just before Peter 's drum solo be about to start . gene , Paul , and Ace silence they instrument . Peter throw he drumstick into the air intend to catch it when it come down . but the sight of jam landing on the stage distract he . all be mute as Peter miss the drumstick . it hit the outside edge of one of the drum . think fast , jam grab one of he drumstick out of he sock and toss it to Peter . it tumble through the air in slow motion with a low , whooping , helicopter SOUND . we see the word " mystery " clearly as it twirl . instantly , it 's catch in Peter criss 's hand and he bring it down on he drum not miss a beat . the song resume with all its fury as Peter 's drum kit ascend on a hydraulic platform . jam scramble from the stage and leap back into the audience barely miss the claw of some security guard . the four friend pound on each other with unbridle , teenage exuberance . will it ever get any better than this ? freeze frame . fade to white : the end