devil in a blue dress written by Carl Franklin from the novel by walter mosley March 9 , 1994 - 3rd draft 1 int . champion aircraft - benny giacomo' office 1 a batter wooden desk drawer groan open and light brown skinned hand with dirty fingernails twist the cap off a pint of rye whiskey and pour liquor into a coffee cup . o.s. voice you know , when you fire somebody you have to stick to you gun . they screw the cap back on and lay the bottle in the drawer . o.s. voice ( continue ) the man might get to thinkin ' that I be weak if I take you back . the cup rise to the face of benny giacomo , late forty , with salt and pepper hair that be once jet black . skin darker than a Louisiana creole . he take a sip and bare he tooth in a grimace from the whiskey . as he talk we gradually see more of he -- foot kick up on the desk , fully in charge . a Betty grable like pin- up girl be give we background in more way than one in a swimsuit and high heel on a calendar tack to the wall : May , 1948 . benny ( continue ) and I do not tell dupree that I would give you you job back ... all I say be that I would be glad to talk to you if you say the right thing ... do you have something to say ? a stream of cigarette smoke snake through as the back of a man 's head and shoulder nudge in and shift nervously . man Mr. giacomo , when one of the white guy have come off a double shift and say he 's too tired to work overtime , you do not fire he . benny fella , what would I tell ya ? if you be not willing to give a little extra , Champion can not use you . easy rawlins , thirty , handsome and a much darker brown than giacomo , take a drag off a chesterfield cigarette . 2 . 1 continued : 1 through the window behind he , a team of man pour over a partly assemble airplane , they voice echoing in the hangar that surround the office . benny measure out he word one at a time . benny ( o.s. ) now ... do ... you ... have ... something ... to say ? easy swallow he frustration in silence and think about swallow he pride as well . and then : easy I want my job back , Mr. giacomo . I need to work and I need a good job . benny ( o.s. ) be that all ? easy look down into the smoke and sit up straight to keep from bow he head . easy no , that 's not all ... I need money so that I can pay my mortgage and eat ... I need a house to live in and a place to raise child ... I need to buy clothes so I can -- benny I be sorry , fella , but I gotta get back to work ... and he swing he foot down and stand up to go . but easy be up too , block he way out the door . easy ezekiel , Mr. giacomo . benny hunh ? easy my name be ezekiel ... ezekiel rawlins . benny clinch he fist and focus on easy 's chest like a fighter . and easy rock back on one foot ready to score a field goal with he right knee . slowly , giacomo 's face crease into a plastic grin and he shrug . 3. 1 continued : ( 2 ) 1 benny s'cuse I , ezekiel . and he walk around easy , shaking he head as if amused . easy watch he go as the low moan of the baritone sax from Duke ellington 's " absinthe " snake up like sin and we 2 fade to black 2 and watch the title , the last one read " two week later " ... fade in : 3 ext . joppy's bar - day 3 Black and grey car , packard and buick from 1928 to 1948 , come and go on Central Avenue . two-story storefront with canvas awning , above black man and woman in hat ... all in a hurry . the Red car rumble through and then a white cadillac convertible pull to the curb in front of a butcher shop . above the shop on the next floor be large partly open window with joppy's bar in boldface letter . Inside sit easy , back to the window read the classified ad . 4 int . joppy's bar 4 t- bone Walker 's " westside baby " play on the jukebox as easy take a final drag off he cigarette and stub it out . the front page of the los angele time lie face up on the table beneath the ashtray display a photograph of a middle - age white man and he pretty young woman companion smile and wave . above the happy couple be a headline " carter drop out of race " ... the caption under the photo read " wealthy civic leader , Todd Carter , show here with he lovely bride - to - be , daphne Monet , at a fundraiser last month be unavailable for comment on he surprising withdrawal from the Mayor 's race . " o.s. voice catch ya later , joppy . back to scene splack ! a older black man hitching up he pants underneath a bloodstain butcher 's apron have slap he empty beer glass down hard on the counter on he way out . 4. 4 continued : 4 joppy hey , watch the marble ! dammit , what would I tell you ? the fifty - year- old burly bartender lean over he big stomach check for crack and buffing the veiny marble top of the bar with a filthy rag . behind he be a yellow billboard from 1932 with big black letter read " fuller versus . shag. 10 round MAIN event . " we could make out more of the poster and the eight - by- ten frame box photo around it if it be not so smoky in the place . easy joppy , how much they payin ' out there at mcdonell Douglas ? joppy I do not know . do not it say -- his word hang as he eye stray toward the door . easy look up also at the doorway which fill with the large frame of the white man in a off - white linen suit , he pale eye surveying the room . satisfied that all but two of the six table in the tiny room be unoccupy , he smile at joppy and walk to the far end of the bar . easy be surprised to see joppy , tough ex-heavyweight that he be , duck he head and smile as he make he way over like he 's answer a summon . the white man extend a friendly hand and the two of they shake like old friend and lean in close to talk in private . easy find it hard not to watch they conversation as he take a sip from a short glass of bourbon on the rock . after a moment ... joppy easy , come on over here . this here 's somebody I want ya to meet ... come on . this here 's a friend of mine . easy drain he glass and stand up , then walk over . joppy yeah , easy . this here 's Mr. albright . albright you can call I dewitt , easy . 5 . 4 continued : ( 2 ) 4 he extend he hand and easy shake it . easy how ya doin ' ? joppy ( bow and grin ) Mr. albright and I go back to before the war when I be still in the fight game . albright ( to easy ) ever see this guy fight ...? any time joppy shag step in the ring you know you be gonna see some real knock - down - drag- out - fisticuff ... where you from , easy ? easy ( awkwardly ) Houston . albright Houston ... joppy 's hometown . joppy pour albright a straight shot of Wild Turkey and the big man sip it . albright so I hear you need a job . easy throw a look at joppy , but joppy be busy buffing the bar and put more of easy 's business in the street . joppy aw yeah , easy always tryin ' to do better . get he high school certificate from night school . he 's threatenin ' up on some college . and he 's one of the few color man around here who own he own house . shoot , he pay a mortgage every month just like a white man . albright property owner , hunh ? he turn up he drink and set the empty glass down on the counter . 6 . 4 continued : ( 3 ) 4 albright ( continue ) this big company , do not give a damn , do they ? he reach in he coat pocket and produce a business card and scribbles something on it . albright ( continue ) if you need a job , drop by this address at seven tonight . easy take the card and glance at it . easy what kind of work you do ? albright I do favor ... I do favor for friend . Drop by . he nod to joppy and walk out the door . easy who the hell be that , joppy ? joppy just somebody I know ... a bidness man . easy what kinda business ? joppy oh , I do not ask he all that . he come in here every so often look for somebody to do a little job for he ... he pay good . easy in other word , he 's a gangster . joppy I do not say that ... but if there 's a dollar lay in the street I do not think he will let a little dirt stop he from pick it up . if you worried about make that house note this month , maybe you wanna pay he a call . all they pretty girl you be with be not gonna buy you a house . 7. 4 continued : ( 4 ) 4 easy cock he head " be you crazy ? " joppy ( continue ) sound like he just want you to keep you eye open for somebody ... he will pay you whether you see anything or not ... if it be I I would take that man 's money and go on about my bidness ... ai not nothin ' to worry about . easy be still suspicious , but can not take he eye off the card . easy ( v.o. ) when somebody tell I " do not worry , " I usually look down to see if my fly be open ... I notice albright do not bother to pay for he drink . 5 ext . easy's ' 46 pontiac - day 5 Little single family house with tiny yard of St. Augustine grass rush toward the amber indianhead hood ornament on easy 's car . 6 int . easy's car 6 Duke ellington 's " mood indigo " play on the radio as easy head for home in think . easy ( v.o. ) ( continue ) dewitt albright remind I of somebody I know back in Houston . his name be Raymond Alexander but we call he mouse ... mouse call hisself a businessman too . and I find out that I should not be nowhere around when mouse get down to he business ... I learn that the hard way . a neighbor sweep out she front porch and wave at easy as he slow down in front of he house . 7 ext . easy's house - day 7 he get out of he car and a group of child chase a man give goat cart ride , wash past he in the street . 8. 7 continued : 7 a man with a unruly head of hair and full beard push a wheelbarrow with a double edge axe wheel up behind easy as he open he gate . woodcutter want I to knock down some of they tree back there for you ? easy ( irritate ) no ... just leave the tree alone . easy continue up he walkway past flower bed of dahlias and wild rose and stop on he front porch to check on he African violet in a jar next to the front door . 8 int . easy's house 8 he walk into he tiny live room and toss he jacket onto the sofa . then move on through the kitchen and out the back door . 9 ext . easy's house - backyard - day 9 he pick up a water hose and turn on the faucet , water and admire he apple , avocado , pomegranate and banana tree as he light a cigarette . easy ( v.o. ) I have move to Los Angeles right after the war with three hundred dollar and the g.i. Bill ... and I like come home to a place that be mine ... accord to President Truman I have that comin ' to I ' cause I have fight in ' the good war ' against Hitler in Europe ... but that do not mean a damn thing to a lotta white folk include the foreman on my job ... so , here I be out of work needin ' thirty - two dollar to pay the mortgage ... that be three day pay on my old job -- and I have about three day to get it . 10 ext . office build - night 10 easy park in front of a large Spanish - style building . he get out and walk to the black wringht iron entrance . 9 . 11 ext . courtyard - night 11 easy make he way through the overgrown patio with rose and vine cascade down from office window on the second floor . a12 int . office - night a12 someone be watch easy as he look for the right office . 12 ext . courtyard - night 12 a small white man pop out from behind a hedge startling easy . he wear a suit that also serve as a uniform . security guard what be you do here ? easy I be look for , uh ... security guard we only take delivery between nine and six ... easy no , no ... I ... security guard yes , we do ! now you would better leave . he clutches a baton in he hand and swat it into he open palm . easy uh ... albright ! security guard what ? easy I be here to see Mr. albright . dewitt albright ! security guard where 's you delivery ? he hold out he scrawny hand . easy I have a appointment -- I be suppose to meet he . 10 . 12 continued : 12 security guard do he give you a note to come in here after hour ? easy only stare , hat this little man . security guard well , do he ? because if he do not -- easy forget it , man . next time I see he I will just tell he you would not let I in . disgust , easy turn to leave . security guard hold on . he size up easy and then point across the courtyard . security guard ( like a order ) across that way to the leave and down the stair ... easy half nod / half glare and walk away . 13 omit 13 at the other side of the garden easy turn a corner and head down concrete step . at the bottom he open a door lead into 14 int . basement - corridor 14 he look into the boiler room but turn into a empty corridor stop at a heavy steel door at the end . he knock . after a moment a tall and slight man with curly brown hair and the complexion of a East indian open the door . 15 int . maintenance room 15 a short and stocky kind of chinese-look man stand against the door at the far end . the tall man usher easy into the clutter of heavy metal tool , can of paint and clean solution . a card table with two chair sit idly . the tall man close the door and hold out he hand . easy reach to shake it but the man start to pat easy on he side and easy push he away . 11 . 15 continued : 15 easy hey , man ! what 's wrong with you ? the chinese man slip a hand inside he coat and the tall man smile . tall man ( with a accent ) Mr. rawlins , put you hand up a little from you side , please . easy keep you hand to yourself . I do not let no man feel on I like that . the chinese man pull some kind of weapon halfway out and take a step forward , and the tall man try to put he hand against easy 's chest but easy grab he wrist . tall man do not worry , manny . he 's okay . just a little shaky . ( indicate the door ) let he know . manny push he weapon back in he coat and knock on the door behind he . after a moment , dewitt albright open up . albright ( smile ) easy . tall man he do not want we to touch he . albright leave it , shariff . I just want to make sure he be solo . shariff you be the boss . albright you guy can go now . easy and I have some business . 16 int . maintenance office 16 easy follow albright inside and the big man go behind a big wooden desk and put he bone - color shoe up next to a half full bottle of Wild Turkey . on the other end of the desk a small radio scratch out the Glen Gray orchestra 's " gotta be this or that . " 12 . 16 continued : 16 there be a paper calendar hang on the wall behind he with a picture of a basket of blackberry , but other than that the room be bare . albright have a seat , Mr. rawlins . easy take a seat in a chair in front of the desk and try not to stare at the tan leather shoulder holster under albright 's arm with the muzzle of the pistol almost reach he belt . easy ( gesture back ) you friend , hunh ? albright like you , easy . I need a little help ? I give them a call ... drink ? easy sure . albright pull another glass from the desk drawer and pour a fresh one for easy and fresher one for himself . albright one thing I like about work for myself ... I always have a bottle on the table ... you wanna drink with I ? Fine . you do not ? door 's right behind you ... joppy tell I you be a war hero ... Said you go in with patton . easy nod , proud but polite , and albright push he a glass of whiskey . albright so , you want the job ? easy depend on what kind of job . I do not want to get mix up in nothing . albright walk out the door in the morning , easy , and you be mix up in something . only thing that matter be if you be mix up to the top or not . 13 . 16 continued : ( 2 ) 16 easy I mean I do not wanna get mix up with the law ... albright neither one of we want to get mix up in that . that 's just rich people try to keep I and you in we place . he laugh and take a healthy swig and easy take a drink too . albright I be look for somebody for a friend . he push a newspaper across the desk to easy and easy hold it up . newspaper it 's the front page with the photograph of the wealthy Todd Carter and he beautiful bride - to- be ... despite she smile , there 's a sadness in the eye . albright ( o.s. ) daphne Monet ... fiancée of Todd Carter , one of the richest man in town ... be go for two week ... back to scene easy she leave he ? albright evidently ... you know how it be with woman , easy ... happens to the best of we ... he rear back in he chair as if expect a sign of recognition . easy I be not never hear of she before . I would not know how to find a woman like that . albright that 's a shame . he laugh a conspiratorial , lecher 's laugh and easy allow a smile . 14 . 16 continued : ( 3 ) 16 albright see , daphne have a predilection for the company of negroes . she like jazz and pig foot and dark meat , know what I mean . the insult take easy off guard but he should have know . easy so you think she might be down in watt . albright I be sure of it . but I can not go look for she myself because I be not of the right persuasion , so to speak . I have be ask joppy for over a week , but all he could do be introduce I to you . easy what do you want I to do ? albright just get a location on she . Mr. Carter want to make up with she ... easy that 's all . albright ( smile ) that 's all . he pull out a brown secretary - type wallet and count out 10 ten-dollar bill into a neat stack next to the whiskey . albright one hundred dollar , and I pay in advance . easy eye the money . all he have to do be pick it up . easy I just have to tell you where she be ? albright that 's right . and keep it , you know , confidential ... he freshen easy 's drink and easy eye the money some more . 15 . 16 continued : ( 4 ) 16 albright joppy tell I you use to frequent a illegal club down on eighty - ninth and Central . somebody see daphne there a few night ago . you could start tonight . easy take a drink and look again at the money . 17 ext . john' place ( market ) - night 17 stripped down to its dark , naked self , Central Avenue have draw a crowd from all over town . neon glisten off slick pomade and silk cling to the contour of simmer flesh . a outrage to police even before the era of Police Chief parker 's personal crusade , a squad car sit idling while two dick in blue manhandle a brother in a grey sharkskin zoot suit , prodding and whapping with nightstick , search for something -- anything -- because he date be a young white woman . a few onlooker stand back watch , but since this white woman be not daphne Monet , easy only glance and walk inside . 18 int . john' bar 18 easy see he fifth white man that day in a dishevel but expensive dark blue suit staggering toward he , reek of gin . drunk hey , color brother . I need you to do something ' for I -- o.s. woman' voice go on . what would I tell you about hair - assing my customer . easy look over to see hattie parson , the small , brown - skinned manager of the place , glaring dagger at the drunk man while watch the commotion out the window . easy start over toward hattie and the drunk turn and try to grab easy 's arm . but he desperation cause he to trip and he wind up sit against the wall . easy step over he and join hattie at the window . hattie I just pay this damn cop and they still roustin ' my customer . well , that 's what he get for be with that white woman . 16 . 18 continued : 18 she walk over to the cash register of this neighborhood corner store ; and easy follow , the drunk beckone he to bend down to talk as he pass . drunk come on , brother help I ... hattie do not worry ' bout he . I rung junior ten minute ago to come get he . easy pull out two dollar and hattie deposit they into the till . hattie I be not get nobody tonight but lip and he trio -- holiday come through here last Tuesday . easy yeah ? hattie yeah . heavy footstep be hear pound down a stairway in the back of the store and big burly junior fornay lumber in with a cigarette hang from he lip . junior where 's he at ? hattie point to the drunk man as he struggle to get to he foot . hattie over there . let easy in upstairs and when this cop leave throw he ass out . easy hey , junior . what 's goin ' on ? junior not too much . but stick around . junior lead the way back up the stair . 19 omit 19 17 . a20 int . john' speakeasy stairwell a20 easy you get a cigarette ? junior sure . he pull out he pack and stop to light easy up . easy start cough as they continue up the stair . easy damn ! how do you smoke this thing ? junior do not you hafta work tomorrow ? easy naw . I get fire . a hint of a smile appear on junior 's face . junior the last time I hear this fella playin ' tonight be back in Houston , the night you ole buddy mouse have to pull I up off you ass . easy grin and shake he head . easy that 's the way you remember it , hunh ? junior Hell , that 's the way it be . and he stop to unlock the door . junior ( continue ) when you gonna admit that you help mouse kill old man navrochet ? easy aw , man , get off that . I be not have nothin ' to do with that . junior open the door and lip ' alto horn slap easy in the face . half of Houston , Texas seem to be jamme into this place . 18 . a20 continued : a20 easy Boy , it 's happenin ' tonight . where 's all the white woman at ? junior I do not pay they white girl no mind . easy ( sarcastically ) yeah ... I bet you do not . and he step in . junior that 's right . just like you do not help mouse kill he stepfather . easy go on , man . and he start away inside . junior hey , easy . do you help he kill he stepbrother , too ? easy turn to glare at junior and the surly field hand slap he thigh and roar with laughter as he close the door . after all this year the two man still hate each other . 20 int . john' speakeasy 20 easy look around to see couple try to dance ; find themselves wrestle between table pack with five and six people each . he head for the bar point a finger at a man in a black silk shirt and a foot-high pompadour hairdo . easy alphonso Jenkins ! alphonso flash pearl . alphonso hey , easy ! easy hey , man , you see a girl name dahlia or something ' ... White girl suppose to be something ' to look at . 19 . 20 continued : 20 alphonso naw , but if I see she I be gonna keep she to myself . easy clap he on the shoulder and wave at skinny rita cook who be sit at a table with five men . rita hey , baby . easy hey , rita ! ( under he breath ) what do they see in you ? finally , easy spot a fifty - year - old man in a old grey tweed jacket sit in a corner at a table by himself . look like the God fear , all fear Baptist deacon that he be -- he be as out of place as a whore in church as he nervously gaze about the room and massacre a plate of barbecue rib . easy lean over the counter to the bartender . easy hey , Lewis . gimme a couple glass and a pail of ice and send a quart of bourbon over there to odell 's table . Lewis scoops up ice into a small bucket and plop it onto the bar with two short glass . easy lay a dollar on the counter and carry the set up over to the corner as he watch ... the band burn it up . back to scene easy stop at odell 's table . easy hey , odell . odell easy . easy how 's it go tonight ? odell do not miss a bite as he scope the crowd . 20 . 20 continued : ( 2 ) 20 odell ( slowly ) well ... it 's goin ' alright . it sure be goin ' . o.s. voice easy rawlins , be that you ? easy look up to see dupree , a big black man with a wide white grin in a white suite with blue pinstripe and a ten-gallon hat . dupree you be not jump outta no window yet ? easy not yet , dupree . dupree miss you down at the plant ... you know coretta , do not ya ? he have she in tow like a toy wagon and she offer a coy smile . short and roundish with cherry - brown skin , she lead with she bosom . easy hey , coretta , how be ya ? coretta rest she sloe -eye on easy and odell and the church go man almost choke . odell oh , my goodness . coretta could we sit down with y'all ? easy sure . sure . dupree and coretta settle in . dupree you know benny just want you to say you be sorry , easy . and he will give you you job back . easy I be a sorry man , all right . any man without he paycheck be sorry . 21 . 20 continued : ( 3 ) 20 dupree laugh , smack the table so hard it rattles like a earthquake . and coretta 's smile ignites like a slow fuse cause easy to feel it all the way down he spine . a man with he hair marcell back swoops in and pull a quart of Old crow from he overcoat and sit it on the table . easy reach for he wallet but dupree beat he to it . dupree I get it , easy . you money be not no good up in here . easy naw , dupree . this one 's mine -- dupree you sure ? you the one outta work . coretta frown at dupree as easy count out three dollar . coretta and you be the one be not never get no money . dupree aw , baby ... ( to bootlegger ) get we another couple glass . and he peel off a dollar and hand it off . easy either one of y'all see a white girl name dahlia or something ' with a ' D ' ? odell shake he head " no , " and coretta look away as if insulted leave silence until dupree hey , coretta get a new job at the phone company . he squeeze he woman in close and coretta soften up and burn that smile again . easy grin and nod " congratulation . " 21 the bottle 21 it 's less than a quarter full now because it 's three hour later . 22 . 21 continued : 21 back to scene John 's be only half full and the band be go . the jukebox echoe lena horne 's " prisoner of Love " and dupree lean back in he chair , snore -- mouth wide open . odell get up and start to amble off . easy hey , you goin ' home , odell ? concentrate totally on keep he balance , odell wave feebly without look back . easy be droopy - eye from the booze but coretta just look a little sexier . she straighten dupree 's hat on he head and twist up she nose . coretta he use to play till the cock crow . but that ole cock do not crow nearly so much now ... she level she perpetual " come on " onto easy and he nod sluggishly and lift himself to he foot . easy think I be gonna head out . coretta you be sorry if you go . she slide she hand inside she blouse and discreetly lift she bodice to air she breast . easy I think I would be more sorry if I stay ... he turn to go . coretta daphne sleep by now . you can not get none of that tonight . easy turn and coretta play with the ice in she glass . coretta you be tell everybody dahlia , but she name be daphne . easy you know she ? 23 . 21 continued : ( 2 ) 21 coretta lean back and fan she bosom . 22 ext . coretta's house - night 22 easy struggle with dupree , and coretta give he a hand as they drag he from easy 's car to she front door , the big man 's foot plow two deep furrow in the lawn . 23 int . coretta's house 23 coretta push the door open and easy haul he in . coretta throw he in there on the bed , easy . easy pull and push dupree 's dead weight into the bedroom coretta throwed he outta he place , ' cause he could not pay the rent . I should not even let he sleep here . finally easy manage to pile dupree onto the bed and then stand up panting and sweat . easy damn ... coretta lead he out into 24 the live room 24 easy I need a cigarette . coretta shine she hazel eye on he . coretta that all you need ? easy grin nervously and clear he throat . easy coretta , sun catch I tip -toein ' out you door and no tellin' what you neighbor say ... 24 . 24 continued : 24 coretta dupree run through he money , fall asleep on I . and you just gonna walk out on I like I be dog food ... easy you get a man in the other room ... why do not you tell I ' bout you friend daphne ? coretta stroll up to easy , press she body against he . coretta why you keep askin ' ' bout she ? color woman be not good enough for you no more ? she undoe a button on he shirt and kiss he chest , and unbutton another work she way down . easy sweat harder than when he be lift dupree . easy what if he hear somethin' ? coretta ( o.s. ) Way he snorin ' ? on the sofa - minute later coretta oh yeah , daddy . you hittin ' my spot ! oh yeah ... yeah ! the top of she dress undone , coretta be straddle easy who be hit she spot and he too , in a rhythm . eye close , he bite he lip to hold in the ecstasy so as not to awaken dupree , who be saw log -- shredd them -- in the bedroom . suddenly coretta tear herself off of he and sit back on he knee . easy writhes and shake like a power line short out . coretta ( coy , shy ) oooh , that 's just too good , easy . easy try to pull she back but she twist down to the floor . coretta I can not give up that much love , daddy , not the way thing be . 25 . 24 continued : ( 2 ) 24 easy ( out loud ) what thing ? she shush he with a finger and twist she head toward the bedroom . coretta you know , dupree 's right there in the next room . easy ( full voice ) forget about he ! you get I goin ' , coretta ! coretta quiet he again and he come back to he sense . coretta but it be not right , easy . here I be doin ' this right in the next room and all you doin ' be nosin ' after my friend daphne ... easy daphne ? ( and then remember ) oh , yeah ... I be not after she , baby . that 's just a job . coretta what job ? easy man want I to find she . coretta what man ? easy who care , what man ? I do not want nobody but you ... he pull she toward he but she push he away . coretta but daphne 's my friend -- frustrate , he sit back against the sofa and coretta , sense that he be snap out of she spell , slide forward onto he give he she spot again . and within moment they be back at it . 26 . 24 continued : ( 3 ) 24 coretta oh , baby . oh , daddy , you hittin ' my spot ! oh , yeah ... easy ( v.o. ) I go on hittin ' she spot until just before sun-up . dissolve to : 25 ext . coretta's house - dawn 25 the sky be light purple as easy stumble down coretta 's porch . she wave half - heartedly and close the door as he straighten he clothes and look around for any " witness " on he way to he car . dissolve to : 26 ext . easy's house - day 26 easy 's pontiac pull to a stop in front and he get out . easy ( v.o. ) it occur to I that coretta have find out a lot more about what I be up to than I have want she to . but I have find out that the rich man 's woman have a color boyfriend ... it have cost I a sawbuck to get coretta to give I that information ... well , let 's just say something ' have cost I ten dollar . 27 int . easy's house - kitchen - later 27 Golden morning light stream in through the window . outside , a dog be bark at a bird on the fence . coffee percolate on the stove and easy walk over and pour himself a cup . he move to the breakfast table and sit down by the window look out onto the street as he open up a blue envelope in a stack of mail . gradually he begin to silently mouth the word and sit up , he eye get bigger until he find himself read aloud . easy " since etta mae have leave I and I be a bachelor I figure I could come out and visit and we burn down the town ... ( more ) 27 . 27 continued : 27 easy ( cont 'd ) write I and tell I when 's a good time . " ( look up ) aw shit . 28 ext . easy's house - day 28 easy water he lawn in deep think . easy ( v.o. ) the letter from mouse be worry I in more way than one ... all I have to do be call albright to earn the hundred dollar I already have in my pocket ... but the last time I get money that easy I get it from mouse -- fifty dollar -- and the next day I have to join the Army to leave town . flashback : 29 int . stolen car - night 29 a young easy be drive , he hair grease up high in a pompadour with a pencil line moustache frame he top lip . a man in a wide brim homburg hat look away out the passenger window . man drive to the trainyard , easy ! let 's dump this damn thing . easy ( suddenly alarmed ) this be not you friend 's car ? what would you do mouse ? mouse ( still look away ) just drive this sumbitch ! the drine of the engine take we 30 back to scene 30 a truck with a whole family 's belonging tie down onto a flatbe roll up . a woman and a bunch of kide fill up the cab . woman bye , easy ! 28 . 30 continued : 30 easy where you goin ' , Sophie ? woman back to Texas ... it 's too fast for I out here . she wave and keep on truck . he watch she wistfully and then catch sight of the woodcutter across the street in a neighbor 's front yard , axe in hand , about to swing on a lemon tree . easy get away from there ! he pick up a rock and throw it , and then chuck another send the scruffy vagabond wheeling he barrow off down the street . easy shut off the water and walk back up on he porch . he pick up a glass of lemonade that sit at the foot of a chair on top of a newspaper a front page head read " carter' withdrawal leave teran on top . " below it a photograph of a smile Matthew teran , with lip too thick for a white man , get out of a limousine . 31 o.s. the phone be ringing . it 's 31 later - night easy be asleep on the porch . finally , he wake up to the ringing and head into the house . 32 int . easy's house - bedroom 32 easy flop on the bed and lift the phone off a cherry wood nightstand . easy hello ? o.s. voice Mr. rawlins , I have be expect you call . easy what ? 29 . 32 continued : 32 o.s. voice I hope you have good news for I . easy Mr. albright , be that you ? albright sure be , easy . what 's shakin ' ? easy clear he head . he have sleep away the day . easy I get what you want . she 's with -- albright hold on to that , easy . I like to look a man in the face when we do business . meet I at the fisherman 's pier in malibu at the hamburger stand in a hour . easy uh ... I do not know about that Mr. albright -- Mr. albright ? he realize that albright have hang up , and swear under he breath . 33 ext . pacific coast highway - night 33 the headlight from easy 's car illuminate the cliff that fall alongside the wind two - lane highway . 34 int . easy's car - night 34 easy be cautious , check the rearview mirror more often than usual . easy ( v.o. ) I be not use to go to white community , like malibu , to conduct business . Champion aircraft be in Santa monica but I drive out there in the daytime , do my work and come home . I never loiter nowhere except among my own people , in my own neighborhood . a35 ext . malibu pier - parking lot - night a35 the light from the pier can be see in the distance as easy park he car . and the voice of teenager in raucous conversation can be hear above Glenn Miller 's big band play " silhouette in the moonlight " on the jukebox . 30 . a35 continued : a35 easy get out and start toward the pier . 35 ext . malibu pier - night 35 easy walk past the hamburger stand and on to the railing that look out over the ocean . o.s. voice hi. he spin around and see a chubby 17 - year - old white girl in a tight - fitting skirt . he nod respectfully and turn away to look out at the water , hope she will leave . girl it 's pretty out here , huh ? easy yeah . it 's all right . girl I be from Des Moines in Iowa . where be you from ? easy ( without look back ) huh ?... uh ... Texas ... girl do they have a ocean in Texas ? easy the Gulf , they have the Gulf . she lean on the rail next to easy and he glance over he shoulder , see a couple of the young man look around like they have lose someone . easy I think they be look for you . barbara who care ? my sister bring I ' cause my parent make she . all she want to do be make out with herman and smoke cigarettes . pimply -face boy hey , you ! what be you do ? the five-foot-six - inch twenty - year - old charge straight up to easy . 31 . 35 continued : 35 barbara ( yell ) leave he alone , herman ! we be just talk ! herman you be , huh ? ( to easy ) we do not need you talk to we woman . easy brace himself as five of herman 's friend rush over , include one build like a football player . football hey ! what 's wrong ? herman nigger 's try to pick up Barbara . barbara leave he alone ! we be just talk about the ocean ! barbara' sister Barbara ! football get right in easy 's face . football hey , fella , what 's wrong with you ? a couple of the other boy have pick up stick and be surround easy against the rail . easy I do not want no trouble . football you already get trouble , boy . easy listen ... I be just be polite . herman no , you be not . you be talkin ' about the ocean ! o.s. voice Excuse I . easy see albright 's Panama hat appear behind football . 32 . 35 continued : ( 2 ) 35 football what do you want ? and he whirl around to albright 's smile face , just in time to see he pull that rifle - like pistol from inside he coat , leveling it at he eye . albright I want to see brain . I want you to die for I . albright cock the hammer . it sound like a bone break , and Barbara start cry in she sister 's arm . football ( quickly ) I be sorry , sir . easy nod but albright be not satisfied . albright the question be : " be you sorry enough ? " football yessir . albright then prove it ... show he ... get down on you knee and suck he peter . football start cry . easy ( to albright ) I think he get the point -- albright ( to football ) you hear I . he press the barrel to the boy 's forehead and football go down to he knee . the other young man look on in horror . albright Son of a gun . you be gonna do it , be not you ? thunk ! he slap the barrel of the pistol into the side of the boy 's head . football scream and the other scatter . 33. 35 continued : ( 3 ) 35 albright sick bastard . thunk ! he smack he again , and blood be everywhere . albright get out of here . you call the cop , I will kill ya ! football manage to stagger to he foot and stumble away into the darkness back out toward the parking lot . 36 albright wipe he gun with a handkerchief and slide it 36 back into the holster . albright I do not think they would dare call the cop . ( giggle ) but it will cost I a few buck if they do . he clap easy on the back as if it 's all be in fun and giggle like a kid on he way toward the hamburger stand . easy look at he numbly and tag alongside , clutching he anger in tightly clench jaw . albright what you get , easy ? easy you sure no harm be gonna come to that woman ' cause of I ? albright do not break stride . albright course not . Mr. Carter want to buy she a gold ring and live happily ever after -- what do ya get ? easy exhales , feel trap , but he 's come this far ... easy woman tell I she 's with a man name Frank Green . albright stop ; the charm go , he 's all business . albright where ? 34 . 36 continued : 36 easy he 's get a apartment at the skyler arm on skyler and eighty -third . albright scribbles it down on a note pad . albright anything else ? easy Frank 's a gangster . a hijacker ... liquor and cigarettes . he 's real good with a knife . albright be unable to suppress a smile . albright ever see he in action ? easy naw . I just hear about he . albright , still grin , pull out the brown " secretary " and count out more bill . albright here 's another hundred . he shove the money into easy 's hand . albright buy ya a burger , easy ? he start into the screen door of the hamburger stand but easy decline . easy no thanks , Mr. albright . albright how come you let that boy get around you like that ? War hero should have be able to pick them off one by one before they get you against the rail . easy I do not kill child . for some reason this be hilarious to albright . he throw he head back and wheeze out a almost silent belly laugh , then wind down . 35 . 36 continued : ( 2 ) 36 albright take it easy . he disappear into the hamburger joint and easy walk away back toward he car . 37 ext . easy's house - night 37 easy pull in front of he house and notice a dark Ford park across the street as he get out of he car . a tall , skinny white man in a dark blue suit get out just ahead of he slightly short and heavyset friend . easy watch they as he move toward he walkway . skinny man Mr. rawlins . easy yeah . they approach fast but cautiously , the fat one with a hand in he pocket . skinny man Mr. rawlins , I be Miller and this be my partner , mason . they both hold out badge . mason be a slob with grease spot on he wrinkle tan suit . miller we want you to come with we . easy where ? mason you will see . and he take easy by the arm . easy you arrest I ? mason you will see . and he start pull easy toward the street . easy I get a right to know why you be take -- 36 . 37 continued : 37 whomp ! easy take one to the diaphragm , and as he double over the fat detective slip the handcuffs on behind he back . mason you get a right to fall down and break you face , nigger . you get a right to die . the two cop drag easy to the car and dump he into the back seat where he lie gag as the car whisk away . 38 int . police station 38 easy 's head sag down as he 's drag through the front door past blurred blue body that talk . policeman ( o.s. ) you get ' im , huh , Miller ? miller ( o.s. ) yeah , we get he come home . nothing on ' im . a door open and easy find himself be flung inside . 39 int . interrogation room 39 on he knee he hear the door close and look up at a single , bare wooden chair rest on the corrode linoleum floor . he crawl to one of the urine - stain corner , and look down on a dry , flat corpse of a mouse . he push he shoulder against the unpaint plaster until he 's stand and then stumble over to the chair and sit . he look up at the bare pipe that run along the ceiling , drip water , and at a window with criss -cross chair instead of glass frame , overgrown branch and leave push they way in . the door open and Miller come in first carry a notebook . miller ezekiel rawlins . easy yes , sir . mason follow and close the door . miller we can take off the cuff if you wanna cooperate . 37 . 39 continued : 39 easy I be cooperate . Miller motion to mason and he remove the cuff . miller where be you this morning at about five a.m.? easy ( stalling ) what do you mean ? mason he mean -- he plant he foot in easy 's chest and push he over backwards . mason -- this morning . easy have catch himself and stand back up . easy I do not know ... I be out drinkin ' and I help carry a friend home . I could have be on my way home ... I do not know ... I do not look at a clock ... mason ( wander over ) he do not look at a clock . whock ! easy take a fist to the ear and struggle to keep he balance , wiping away blood stream down . miller you be drinkin ' down on eighty - ninth and Central ... at a illegal club call John 's , be not you ? mason move again but this time easy turn to face he and the fat man look back with a innocent face , he palm turn up . miller you may as well answer ' cause you get bigger trouble than we bustin ' a illegal bar , ezekiel . easy what do you mean ? what 's goin ' on ? 38 . 39 continued : ( 2 ) 39 mason have take off he shoe and be swatting it against the palm of he hand . mason means we can take you black ass out behind the station and put a bullet in you head . miller now . what time do you leave coretta James ' house this morning ? easy I guess about five ... five - thirty ... Miller and mason glance at each other , and mason kick the chair over toward easy . mason sit down . easy why , I be gonna sit down and you keep try to knock I down ? but he sit down anyway . miller do you go back and see miss James later in the day ? easy no , sir . miller do you and dupree brouchard have word over miss James ? easy huh ? mason you hear ' im . do you two argue over coretta James ? easy naw . he be asleep . miller she go to sleep too , ezekiel . but she will not be waking up ... easy 's face go sick ... 39 . 39 continued : ( 3 ) 39 miller ( continue ) where would you go when you leave miss James ' house ? easy be too stunne to answer . mason you hear he , where would you go ? easy stare into space , answer in barely a whisper . easy I go home with a hangover ... choonk ! choonk ! mason fire off two punch and easy grab he wrist and pull he down to the floor , swinging around , straddle mason sit on he ass ... Miller 's police special press into easy 's temple and Miller speak to he quietly , deadly . miller get up slow ... Real fuckin ' slow or you know what 's gonna happen . easy raise he hand and uncoil to he foot , back away cautiously . mason be wind and furious . mason okay . let 's take he out back . he get to he foot and reach for he gun , but Miller stop he hand . miller no. let 's go . mason bullshit , I be gonna blow he -- miller let 's go ! he push mason toward the door . mason son-of-a-bitch ! son-of-a-bitch ! they exit the door and easy rub at he bloody ear . 40 . 40 ext . L.A. CITY jail - night 40 easy walk down the step of the station buttone up he top shirt button , he hand cup to he aching ear to keep out the chill of the night air . the street be dark and desert like a giant black alley except for the black and white patrol car that sit at the curb . a taut - face officer lean out the window . officer hey , buddy !... it 's a long walk ... why do not you let we give you a ride ? easy walk across the street off into the darkness ... 41 ext . FOURTH STREET bridge - night 41 a snatch of music and laughter startles easy as he trudge home and a car full of teenager shoot by . and then ... a black cadillac limousine cruise up behind and drive alongside . voice from car hey , you ! ezekiel rawlins ! the window roll down all the way and a white face in a black cap appear in the window . chauffeur ezekiel , hold on . easy keep walk . chauffeur come on , fella . somebody in the back want to talk to you . easy I do not have time right now . he double he pace , almost run . chauffeur jump in . we will take you . my boss want to talk to you . easy cut behind the limo and into the street head for the other side of the bridge but 41 . 41 continued : 41 the cadillac whip a u-turn block he way in the middle of the street while car pass , honk , on either side . the tall angular chauffeur get out of the car and hold up he hand as if make peace . easy start to make another move to escape but : chauffeur ( continue ) come on . if we want to hurt you it would have already happen ... he open the back door and after a few moment , easy get in . 42 int . limousine - night 42 easy settles into the seat with he back to the driver . edith piaf 's " parle moi d'amour " add sugar to the strong smell of cologne and the portly form of Matthew teran sit across from he with a small mexican boy in pajamas seat next to he hold a small elephant . teran I can see that the police rough you up a bit ... that 's a terrible practice of theirs which have to change , Mr. rawlins ... have to change . he open he gold cigarette case and offer easy a cigarette . easy accept and teran light they both up . teran ( continue ) she be beat . and die from a heavy blow to the back of the head , Mr. rawlins . easy begin to feel nauseous . teran the evening 's event have catch my adopt son and I quite off guard ... my household be asleep when we get the call that the police have a suspect in coretta James ' murder ... do you know that she be a friend of mine , Mr. rawlins !? easy no I do not , Mr. teran . 42 . 42 continued : 42 teran oh , you know who I be ? easy I read the papers . you be runnin ' for mayor . teran ( correct ) I be the next mayor , Mr. rawlins ... and luckily for you , a friend of the negro ... when I arrive at the station I know right off that you be be improperly detain as be coretta 's boyfriend , dupree brouchard . it 's this sort of thing that my administration will not tolerate , Mr. rawlins . absolutely will not ... he sit back in he seat self righteously and offer a nod of assurance and await easy 's gratitude ... then after a moment ... teran ( continue ) yes ... coretta answer phone for a while in my campaign office on 103rd and western . in fact my people get she a job in the phone company . so when I hear what have happen I get out of bed immediately , personally because of my concern ... be anyone there with you Mr. rawlins besides Mr. dupree brouchard ?... any ... other friend of coretta 's ? easy no , sir ... teran no young lady perhaps ? easy nobody ... teran of course not , Mr. rawlins . and why should you tell a man whom you have only just meet . but , believe I , Mr. rawlins . you can trust I . 43. 42 continued : ( 2 ) 42 easy ( shrugging ) there be no one else . teran 's face sag with disappointment and then ... teran well do not worry , Mr. rawlins ... I will not tolerate you be harass ... you or any of my constituency -- I be a city councilman in the watt area for two term with a large contingent of color -- I value all of my supporter equally ... humble though they may be -- where can we drop you , Mr. rawlins ? easy you can let I out here . teran be you sure , Mr. rawlins ? this must be quite out of you way . easy it 's okay . the little boy stare up at easy through big , dark almond - shape eye in the silence that follow . and then , teran pick up the ivory horn that hang next to he head . teran norman , pull the car over . 43 ext . warehouse area - night 43 the limousine stop and easy push the door open and get out . teran Mr. rawlins , may I offer you cab fare ? teran 's stubby finger hold out crumpled bill . easy no thanks . easy close the door and watch the long cadillac glide away . 44 . 43 continued : 43 easy ( v.o. ) there have be night during the war that I still have trouble claim as part of my life ... insane night I be not sure ever really happen . and here I be again ... have I really just get out of a rich man 's car who be runnin ' for mayor ?.. running against the man I be suppose to be work for ... be he really lookin ' for the same woman I be try to find ? my ear be killin ' I and the bus have stop run . and I be feel sick ... sick from wonder if I have really hard that coretta be dead . 44 int . easy's house - bedroom 44 the room be a mess ; trousers strewn here , shirt and shoe over there . and from the corner be haunt , ghostly whisper . coretta's voice you be sorry if you go ... ( heavy breathe ) I can not give up that much love , daddy , not the way thing be . a pint of bourbon , 3 / 4 full , sit atop the cherry wood nightstand . another empty bottle lie next to it on its side , in front of a water glass with 1 / 2 inch of liquor at the bottom . easy's head rest on a pillow on the bed behind it , sweat , toss and turn as the ghost get louder . coretta's voice oh yeah , daddy . you hittin ' my spot ... oh yeah ... oh yeah ... the voice of the ghost be reach closer for he ear . coretta's voice oh , that 's just too good , easy . oh daddy ... oh yeah ... the voice be right up in he face . coretta's voice oh , baby . oh , daddy , yeah ... oh yeah !! oh yea-a-h !! 45 . 44 continued : 44 scream . he jerk up , awake , and the phone be ringing . it jingle a couple more time and easy almost knock the receiver out of its cradle reach for it . easy huh ? voice ( a woman 's ) hello ? be this Mr. rawlins ? easy who be this ? voice daphne ... daphne Monet ... he sit straight up . daphne you be look for I . a pause on the line . daphne I think you should come and talk to I , Mr. rawlins ... alone . easy look , it 's late -- daphne Mr. rawlins , coretta have be kill ... another pause . daphne and if you do not want any trouble from the police then you will come ... and you will not tell anyone that you be come . easy now wait a minute , daphne . I do not know nothin ' about all this stuff ... daphne I be at the sunridge Motel on 112th and Grand , room 102 . 46 . 44 continued : ( 2 ) 44 easy hold he hand up , helplessly -- " what do you want from I ? " -- but no one can see and she have hang up the phone . 45 ext . sunridge motel - night 45 it 's a Spanish - style set of room with tile roof set around a square parking lot . easy 's car pull into the alley behind it . he get out and scan the area look down from a rise at the back entrance to the parking lot . and then walk down . 46 omit 46 47 ext . sunridge motel - room 102 - night 47 before easy can knock , he hear : daphne ( o.s. ) Mr. rawlins ? easy yeah . the door open and she 's stand there , more beautiful than the photograph . they take each other in for a moment before she step back from the door . daphne please come in . 48 int . motel room 48 it 's a regular drab , cheap motel that she have give a warmer touch with colorful scarve drape over the two lamp . daphne would you like a drink ? she indicate a pint of scotch on the dresser with a empty glass and one that she 's be drink from . easy no , thanks . she indicate the chair . daphne please sit down . she 's wear a blue dress that 's plain , cut just below she knee with a ceramic pin just over she leave breast . 47 . 48 continued : 48 daphne what happen to you ? have you be fight ? easy stub out he cigarette in a ashtray and sit down . easy why do not you just tell I what you want ? she sit down too , she calm but brittle exterior betrayed at the hand . she stop wring they when she see that he notice and take a drink -- more medicine than pleasure . daphne I should be ask you that question . why have you be ask about I ? easy I hear about you . fellas at John 's say you be something to see . daphne so ...? you have find I . easy uh ... yeah ... guess I have . but you get a boyfriend I do not want no part of ... Frank Green . she light a cigarette . daphne you can stop pretend , Mr. rawlins . I know someone hire you to look for I . in fact I have to pay coretta not to tell you where I be ... you know how coretta be ... ( force a weak smile ) she tell I you two become ' good friend ' yesterday ... ( tear gather in she eye ) I talk to she this morning before she die . ( regain control ) I ... uh ... need to go across town to see someone . it 's very important ... I can not seem to reach he by phone . I be afraid I would better have someone go with I . 48 . 48 continued : ( 2 ) 48 easy uh ... miss Monet -- daphne call I daphne . easy daphne -- daphne I can understand why you would be nervous ... because I threaten you with coretta ... I be very sorry , but I could not think of any other way to get you to come . she take another drink and stub out she cigarette though it 's less than a third go . easy I can not -- why do not you ask Frank ? she get up and start to pace nervously about the room . daphne he 's out of town -- I ... I be willing to pay you . easy that 's nice of you but , see , I be not really a detective -- daphne -- I know that . easy I be just hire to ask around to try to find you for a man -- daphne I know all about that , Mr. rawlins . easy but this be a gettin ' a little out of hand -- daphne -- Mr. rawlins -- easy -- easy . 49 . 48 continued : ( 3 ) 48 daphne easy ... if you do not help I , then I will call the police and tell they that you be with coretta before she die and that you have be after I too . that stop easy . easy you would do that ? daphne yes , I would . I do not want to but I would . she hate herself for threaten and decide to change direction , move in close . daphne please let I pay you . easy no . I can not do that . daphne why ? easy I do not want no part of all this . daphne please , I will pay you twenty dollar . easy no dice . daphne thirty ... or even more . name you price . she move in closer , massage with she voice . daphne ( continue ) go ahead . there 's gotta be something that you want . her eye make a offer , but he 's a better man than I and he 's not take . 50 . 48 continued : ( 4 ) 48 daphne ( angrily , sarcastically ) what ? be you afraid I will yell rape or something ? she walk away and turn up she glass , she desperation , raw , unguard . easy uh , miss Monet ... daphne , I be sorry but I really better be goin ' . he start out and she run to stop he . daphne easy , do not touch that door -- he open it and scream ! like a alarm , she 's shrieking all of the scale . 49 he look out and see 49 light go on in other room . 50 back to scene 50 he look back frantically and grab she by the shoulder . easy crazy ass broad ! what the hell be you do ?! daphne I be really very sorry . I really be . she pull on a coat and grab she purse . daphne ( continue ) I do not want to do this but ... shall we ? she grab a already pack suitcase and be out the door . 51 ext . laurel canyon - night 51 easy 's pontiac snake up the wind road , city light glimmer in flash below as it round the curve . 51 . 52 int . easy's car - night 52 Ben webster 's " I have get it bad " play on the road as easy shift nervously in he seat , he eye search in the rearview mirror and all around for headlight that might be unfriendly . daphne lean back against the passenger door , take he in . easy pass a police car pull over to the side . he look in the rearview mirror and its headlight go on . he take a deep breath , brace for the worst and daphne look back concerned . but the light arch a u-turn and head back the other way . daphne they must not have see we that well ... God , Frank and I have be pull over so many time I think -- she catch herself and look over at easy . daphne ( continue ) easy , I be sorry ... do not be mad at I . easy keep he eye on the road . daphne ( continue ) come on . she try to touch he arm and he pull away . daphne ( continue ) you really hate I , do not you ? easy how much further be it ? daphne around the next bend ... ( she grin ) you remind I of Frank when he get angry . easy ai not nothin ' about I like Frank . daphne you jaw set just like he when -- 52 . 52 continued : 52 easy I do not get no kick outta risk my life for some white woman 's entertainment . daphne ( sighing ) just park behind the studebaker . 53 ext . richard's cabin / int . easy's pontiac 53 the studebaker be park at a deadend in the street . easy pull in behind . the cabin be so overgrown with ivy that all this be visible be the mailbox and address . daphne do you bring a gun or something ? easy what ? no . daphne easy , that 's not very smart . everybody carry a weapon now a day . easy ( defensively ) well then where 's yours ? daphne search I sometime . you will find it . she get out of the car . easy damn ... he frown and get out of the car . 54 omit 54 55 ext . richard's cabin - night 55 daphne wait , clutching she suitcase and let easy lead the way . they get to the door and find it ajar . easy take a look inside and then cautiously step in . 53. 56 int . richard's cabin - night 56 he flick on the wall switch . it 's a typical little hideaway that the rich keep for summer use . the live room , dining room , and kitchen be all in one with a long counter separate the kitchen . on the leave be a wooden couch with a mexican rug throw across it and a metal chair with tan cushion for the seat and back . the opposite wall be all glass with the city light blink in the distance . daphne Mr. mcgee ... no answer . easy lead they to a door and open it . 57 bedroom 57 another wall of glass and a dead man spread out on the king -size bed , with the content of the dresser and closet strewn all over the room . daphne oh , my God ! she gag and back out of the room with she hand over she mouth in case she throw up . easy take out a handkerchief and hold it over he mouth and nose as he get a closer look at the body . it 's the drunk white man he have see at John 's speakeasy in the same blue suit . he 's lie on he back like a crucifix with a butcher knife bury in he chest . there 's blood that have drain from he chest and gather around he face and hair so dark and thick you could scoop it up like jello . easy actually do throw up and double over , drop to a knee to keep he balance and some control . he stay there for several moment regain he composure and then spot a spill ashtray and a cigarette butt . he lift it off the floor and smell it . he wipe he mouth with the handkerchief and then wrap the butt inside and put it in he pocket . he get up . easy daphne ! he hear a car engine start up and gear shifting . then run out the door . 54 . 58 ext . richard's house - night 58 a pink studebaker whip backward out the driveway . easy run alongside try to stop daphne as she screech into the street . easy hey , wait a minute ! she speed off down the canyon . easy dammit ! he stand in the middle of the street , watch she go . 59 int . easy's car - sunrise 59 fiery orange light bounce off the hood of the car into easy 's face as he turn the corner onto he block . he be surprised to see a white cadillac park in front of he house . and now it 's he front door that 's open . back to easy he pull in behind the caddy and get out . 60 int . easy's house 60 he push open the door . shariff loiter just inside , grin at he , and manny stand in the middle of the live room look at the floor . from a radio in another room Tommy Dorsey play " Blue Skies " with Frank Sinatra out front . and so easy walk past the two hood into the kitchen albright turn from look out the backyard window with a porcelain coffee cup cradle in he right hand . albright easy . easy look at the coffee pot on the stove and again at albright , smile loose and friendly but look tired in the same clothes he have on at the pier . easy what you doin ' in my house , man ? albright I expect you to be home , so manny use a screwdriver on the door . what happen to you face ? 55 . 60 continued : 60 easy you get no excuse to be breakin ' into my house -- what if I break into you place ? albright ( still smile ) I would tear you nigger head out by its root . easy boil inside and then go over to the counter to pour himself a cup of coffee . easy so what do you want ? albright where have you be this time of morning , easy ? easy I go to see a girl . do not you get none , Mr. albright ? the smile leave albright 's face and he eye turn even colder . albright I do not come here to play , boy . you get my money in you pocket and we have be over at that address waitin ' all night for Frank Green and now we have find out that he move from there over a year ago . easy be scared and confuse but he play it off . easy so what do you want I to do about it ? you do not think I do my job . shit , I give you the money back . and he reach for he pocket , but albright reach too -- and suddenly , manny and shariff be in the room and on easy like a vice . albright press the barrel of the .45 against easy 's forehead . albright do you believe in God , easy ? ' Cause I be curious to see if death be any different for a religious man . easy look down , away from the gun , and swallow hard . 56 . 60 continued : ( 2 ) 60 easy I see she . after a moment , everyone relax and easy sag out from under they grip and stagger into 61 the live room 61 manny and shariff surround he as he sit down in a chair and albright stalk in holster he gun . albright where ? easy she call I . have I drive up to the Hollywood Hills . albright how would she know about you ? easy I guess coretta ... the girl that tell I about daphne and Frank Green . albright why do not you call I ? easy I could not . she threaten to tell the cop that I have kill coretta ... albright look over at he henchmen . albright where be she ? easy she take off . albright ( dangerously ) where be she ? easy I do not know ! while I be look at the body she split . albright ( nodd ) uh-hunh . 57 . 61 continued : 61 albright look around the room as if answer lie in the corner , but he be not surprised to hear about a body . albright you call the cop ? easy I try my best to keep in the speed limit . that 's all I do . albright what would she do , take he car ? easy hunh ? albright mcgee . do she take he car ? easy hesitates , " how do albright know he name ? " easy uh ... yeah ... albright where would you pick she up at ? easy she leave that place -- albright -- write it down ! to he shame easy flinch and get paper from he end table , then scribbles down the address and hand it to albright who take easy 's seat and examine the note . albright get I some whiskey , easy . easy study albright who sit knee wide apart , now the master of the house , and he can not help himself . easy get it yourself ... bottle 's in the cabinet . albright look up and easy brace himself for albright to bring on the end , all at once . but slowly a smile spread across albright 's face and he laugh , stamp he foot . 58 . 61 continued : ( 2 ) 61 albright well , I will be damned . get we a drink , manny ... easy , you be a brave man . I need a brave man work for I ... but you gotta find Frank Green , so he can lead we to she . easy no , thanks , Mr. albright . people be gettin ' kill all around I ... you never say anything about all this ... albright easy , you be connectable to two murder . you will do whatever I tell you to do . manny bring albright 's drink and the captain turn it up and give manny back the glass . albright ( continue ) now you get three day to find he . and you make sure you count them right . he walk out the screen door with manny and shariff follow . 62 kitchen 62 easy grab the bottle from the counter , where manny have leave it , and pour himself a stiff one . but he only stare into the glass . flashback : 63 ext . battlefield - day 63 dense black smoke mask everything but two vague figure in a struggle . the boom of heavy artillery give way only to the deafen chatter of automatic fire . we be hurtle forward into a horror-stricken easy in combat gear , repeatedly stabbing a already lifeless german soldier . tear be stream down easy 's face , he mouth gape open in a inaudible scream . 64 back to scene 64 he study the glass and push it away . then look 59 . 65 out the window 65 albright and he two goons get in the white caddy and cruise away . 66 bedroom 66 he dial the operator . easy ( v.o. ) I need help ... albright do not flinch at hearing that coretta be dead and he seem to know all about Richard mcgee too ... operator ( o.s. ) number please ... easy Raymond Alexander on ... he pause , speechless as operator ( o.s. ) yes ? easy ( after a moment ) forget about it , operator . he hang up , he eye train in think . a67 ext . joppy be bar - day a67 a crowd have gather along the street to watch a three convertible car caravan : the first car bear a four- place band play " happy day be here again " ; the second with someone who could be lana Turner hold up a " teran for Mayor " placard with a man in the front passenger seat announce through a megaphone ; and last , but hardly least , Matthew teran blow kiss and wave two small american flag . easy look up for a moment as he close the trunk of he car to watch the parade . then stuff a ball peen hammer in the waistband at the small of he back , under he jacket . he walk with a purpose into the open door next to the butcher shop . b67 int . joppy's bar b67 easy stop in the doorway , see joppy as usual buffing the marble top of he bar . t- bone Walker 's " they call it stormy Monday " be on the jukebox . 60 . b67 continued : b67 back to easy he scan the bar and see that there be no customer , and walk in . joppy hey , easy . easy stop at the bar and stare at joppy . easy that girl call I last night . joppy what girl be that ? easy the one you friend be lookin ' for . joppy uh , huh . that 's pretty lucky , hunh ? easy no , joppy ... be not no luck at all . it be you . joppy inadvertently clenches he fist and notice easy 's aggressive stance . easy you and coretta be the only one that have my phone number who know I be lookin ' for she . and coretta be busy scammin' daphne so she would not have do it ... it be you , man . joppy maybe she look in the phone book . easy I be not in the phone book , joppy ... joppy 's eye narrow . joppy what the hell you mean , come up here all mad like you gonna do something ?!... 61 . b67 continued : ( 2 ) b67 easy ( yell ) you damn right ! coretta 's dead ! you friend albright be on my ass . the cop do bring I down once -- why do not you just tell albright you damn self ? joppy ( yell back ) what do I tell you ? to just take that man 's money ! I do not tell you to do nothin ' ! I call myself try to help you save you house ... do not come up in here startin ' no shit with I . and he pull a baseball bat from behind the bar , but easy have pull he hammer and smack it down hard , crack the bevele wood that frame the marble . joppy ( continue ; panicked ) easy , wait ! watch my marble ! my uncle leave I that when he die ! easy and goddammit , he 's about to get it back . he draw back for the downsw , and joppy drop the baseball bat , hold up he hand . joppy let 's talk . let 's just talk . easy what you get I into , joppy ?! joppy inhale , force himself to be calm . joppy she ask I to help she ' cause I tell she that albright be lookin ' for she . and I figure I could help you make a few buck and throw albright off the trail too . she want to know something about you so I tell she ... I guess I must have give she you phone number ... easy where be she , man ? 62 . b67 continued : ( 3 ) b67 joppy I do not know ... easy do not lie to I , joppy ! joppy I be not lyin ' ... I do not even know she that good . she just ask I to help she . and she ask I not to tell nobody ... I guess ' cause of she and Frank Green . easy what 's she runnin ' from joppy ? joppy I swear I do not know . she do not tell I . I do not mean to get you into nothin ' , easy ... I just ... she just ... I mean you see she , easy ... man , she 's something else . easy can see " sucker " write all over joppy as he fumble for a cigarette with one hand and shake he head with disgust as he light up . easy damn , joppy . be there any white woman that ever give you the time of day that you be not a sucker for ? joppy frown painfully and continue to wipe the bar . 67 ext . T. carter foundation - day 67 easy turn into the wind driveway through the stone entrance way that bear the name of this distinguished institution on a bronze plate . he park the car and get out , adjust he dark brown stetson which match he pin-stripped suit . he look around at the massive and well manicure grounds and walk into a patio area of this Spanish - style complex . easy ( v.o. ) albright have say that when you be mix up in something it 's best to be mix up to the top . I could see he point . so that 's where I be go ... all the way to the top . 63. 68 ext . carter foundation patio 68 a elderly secretary descend a outdoor curve stairway carry a file . she spot easy look around confuse and immediately become annoyed . secretary May I help you ? easy uh ... yes . I come to see Mr. Carter . secretary do you have a appointment ? easy no , I do not . secretary well , I be sorry , but Mr. Carter be a very busy man . easy pull out albright 's business card and hand it to she . easy well , tell he Mr. albright send I , and it 's real important . she look at the card and then up at easy with annoyed superiority . secretary May I ask the nature of you call , mister ...? easy rawlins . but I be not so sure he would want I to tell you . secretary I be quite sure , Mr. rawlins , that whatever you know be nothing I can not know as well . easy okay . well , anyway , tell he I be here with information about that little chippy of he that dumped he . secretary be this some sort of joke ? o.s. voice uh ... Excuse I ... 64 . 68 continued : 68 easy and the secretary turn to see a tall man in a dark grey suit with bushy black hair and thick eyebrow stand in the doorway . he force a smile and come out . baxter Mr. rawlins be it ? he hold out he hand and easy shake it . easy yes. mister ... baxter baxter . ( to the secretary ) I will take care of this . ( and back to easy ) why do not you come with I , sir ? they walk through the door into 69 a hallway 69 baxter not very smart talk about Mr. Carter 's business to a secretary . easy I do not wanna hear it , man . it 's too much goin ' on for I to give a damn about what you think be smart . baxter bristle up and slow down he walk , about to put easy in he place . but easy slow down too and square up on he . baxter reconsider and lead the way up a stone staircase . 70 int . carter' office 70 baxter usher easy into a huge elegantly furnish room more closely resembling a hall than a office with large arched door and window lead out onto a stone veranda overlook a canyon . alone look out at the greenery on the opposite hillside be todd carter . baxter walk out and speak with Carter , while easy watch they from inside the office . the rich man perk up with interest and hurry inside with baxter who throw easy a dirty look on he way out . he pause uncertainly wear a simple sear roebuck - look tan suit with a plain open - collare white shirt . the dark circle under he eye show night without sleep . 65 . 70 continued : 70 carter Mr. rawlins . he run a hand through he thinning red hair , and offer a overstuff sofa . they sit on either end . carter ( distraught ) have something happen to daphne ? easy the last time I see she she look fine . carter you see she ? easy yeah . last night . carter she 's still in town ? easy she be last night . carter what do she say -- what be she wear ? easy a blue dress . Blue heel . carter and a pin on she chest ? easy yeah , on the leave side . carter ( carry away ) oh yes , that 's she . that 's she . you know I have never know a woman who could wear perfume so slight that -- easy -- Mr. Carter , Mr. Carter -- carter what do she say ? what do she say ?... oh , I be sorry . brandy ? 66 . 70 continued : ( 2 ) 70 he point to a crystal decanter near easy . easy pour himself a drink and take in Carter as he wring he hand to keep from go to piece . this guy 's get it bad . easy Mr. Carter . I come here to get some answer . carter yes ...? easy I do not know ... I be takin ' a helluva chance ... Carter run he hand through he hair again , the suspense kill he . easy ( continue ) I guess it 's just that when I be work for somebody , I wanna know what I be gettin ' myself into ... Carter lean in as if he miss something . carter I beg you pardon . easy well , I would like to know the real reason why Mr. albright hire I . carter ( after a moment ) Mr. albright ? easy yeah . the man you hire to find daphne . carter there must be some mistake ... I be sorry , busy ... who be you talk about ? easy and Carter stare at each other , not sure how to proceed . easy you do not hire somebody to find you girlfriend ? 67 . 70 continued : ( 3 ) 70 carter no ... until just now I be sure that she be hundred of mile away from here ... you say someone be look for she ? easy nod , he brow furrow in think . Carter get up and walk to the door , look out into the canyon . carter ( half to himself ) someone be look for she . easy what 's goin ' on between you two ? Carter shrug and stammer nervously . carter uh ... I do not know ... we be go to be marry ... we have a fight ... ( then recover ) uh ... that 's none of you concern , Mr. rawlins . he stop and look to the floor , the gravity pull he down ... way down . carter ( continue ) someone 's ... after she ? a Mr. albright ? and he say he 's work for I ? easy yeah ... do you know a man name Richard mcgee ? carter no ... I can not say that I do . easy why would someone be after she , Mr. Carter ? carter uh ... I can not say -- I do not know ... he 's lie and easy know it . 68 . 70 continued : ( 4 ) 70 carter ( continue ) do you think you could find she again ? easy I do not know . carter it 's important , Mr. rawlins , for she sake ... I be willing to pay you . easy Mr. Carter , why do she leave ? carter I can not tell you any more Mr. rawlins -- I will pay you to find she ... easy think about it , and then nod . easy okay ... a thousand dollar . carter a thousand dollar ?! easy yeah . I will take two hundred right now . carter Mr. rawlins . I think you be try to take advantage of I . but leave I inform you that the incumbent mayor and the chief of police eat at my house regularly . easy good . then they can help we -- carter -- no . they can not ! Carter be too emphatic and easy wait for he to give more , but instead he turn and gaze out again at the canyon . baxter I will have baxter write you out a check . 69 . 70 continued : ( 5 ) 70 easy ( after a moment ) Mr. Carter , why would you stop runnin ' for mayor ? carter ( terse ) I will have baxter write you a check . easy why be Matthew teran look for she too ? carter ( with finality ) baxter will write you a check !! easy take he in and then hold out he hand . easy I will take cash , Mr. Carter . Carter fumble in he wallet , and too nervous to count the money , shove the wallet at easy . carter take it all ... just take it all . easy nod and stride out of the room . 71 omit 71 a72 ext . T. carter foundation - day a72 easy walk to he car , get in and drive away toward the entrance . easy ( v.o. ) so albright be work for Matthew teran . and whatever teran have on Carter be strong stuff ... too strong even for Carter to go to the police ... but because teran be desperate to find the girl too , that give I the best hand . I have see she once , and if I play it right , I would see she again . 72-75 omit 72-75 70 . montage sequence : 76 pool hall - that night 76 easy talk to the short , squat , suspicious woman who run the place . through the smoke , other distrustful eye fix on he from pool table and dark corner . easy ( v.o. ) everywhere I go be a familiar place , but different because I be ask about buy hijacked liquor from the man nobody want to talk about . Frank Green ... dissolve to : 77 nightclub - next night 77 upscale , with a balcony . billy eckstine front the band . black and white be dress to impress , include easy , who lean into the bartender . easy ( v.o . ) it be actually look more and more like I might not make it through this little adventure I be have . but I be likin ' the chill in my blood , and the freedom of work on my own . dissolve to : 78 abe and johnny' liquor - next day 78 the two jewish owner unveil for easy a case of hijacked liquor in a wooden crate . easy ( v.o. ) there be time in the war when I have feel like this . when life or death where the only two choice . that make it simple . and that be alright by I . 79 ext . easy's house - day 79 easy unlatch the gate and push it open . he 's tired , and he trudge up the walkway to the porch . he see the woodcutter stand on the front lawn of the next door neighbor 's , wave at he . 71 . 79 continued : 79 back to easy he throw a rock and then unlock the door . but he notice the pot of african violet lie break on the cement . he look up just in time to see a two-by - four swing down . bonk ! and easy be see star . a big man , dress in black , kick open the door and drive easy head first into 80 int . easy's house - live room 80 easy slam to the floor but manage to roll out of the way of a lethal crack ! of the board onto the floor . he grab a lamp and hurl it at the oncoming figure who catch it on the arm and keep on come , snap a blade from he fist which leap out like a chrome - color flame . easy scramble back , he head but up against the couch , he forehead stream blood , he eye wide with the sight of sure death advance . easy ( terrify ) Frank ! wait a minute ! I need to talk to you ! Frank loom over he , he sinister but handsome brown face frame by a short -rimm , black stetson hat and a black shirt and coat . he hold the knife to easy 's neck , let the blade press into the skin as he talk . frank you the reason why she tell I to lay low , hunh . easy bury himself back against the sofa . easy ( machine gun quick ) naw . I get five hundred dollar for you . Rich man want to talk to a white girl you know . daphne ... Frank 's eye flame and he press the knife , draw blood . frank you a dead man-- whap ! whap ! whap ! 72 . 80 continued : 80 o.s. voice easy , you in there ? Frank 's head whip toward the door and easy knock the knife away and come up tussling . Frank scramble to get away and easy tackle he , strain to keep Frank from reach the knife . the front door spring open and spat on patent leather shoe clump in , the last one stomping down on Frank 's outstretch finger . Frank scream and cradle he hand in agony . easy scramble up to he knee and gawk up at mouse , dress in a plaid zoot suit with Broadway suspender down the front of he shirt , a long -barrel .41 caliber pistol hold loosely in he hand . mouse want I to kill he ? easy ( exhaling relief ) mouse ! aw , man naw , it 's all right ... mouse well , what 's happenin ' ? he hold out he hand and help easy to he foot . Frank make a slight move towards the knife and mouse level the pistol at he head , he gold - rimmed tooth glitter from a smile that want Frank to go for it . mouse I will blow you goddamn nose off ... easy no , do not ! ( to Frank ) where 's daphne Monet ? Frank just stare up at easy , he eye sharp and defiant . easy look , if you do not know where she be , maybe we can help each other find she . after a moment , mouse cock the hammer . 73. 80 continued : ( 2 ) 80 mouse nigga , you hear he . easy no , mouse . do not kill he . the phone ring next to mouse and he pick it up , eye still on Frank . mouse huh ?... he 's busy right now , you gonna have to call back . he hang up . easy Frank , a rich man she know be willing to pay a thousand dollar just to talk to she . a thousand buck , man . Frank still will not talk and that do it for mouse . he release the hammer . mouse easy , lemme try . thunk ! he slap Frank upside the head with the pistol . mouse you better ... ( thunk ! ) talk ... ( thunk ! ) you stupid -- easy grab mouse 's arm and Frank slump to the floor . easy let he go ! mouse get out of my way ! easy let he be ! the two friend struggle , and Frank rear up and plow into easy , send he sprawling to the floor on top of mouse . then Frank , cover in blood , hurl himself across the room , out the door . 74 . 81 mouse get to he foot and run to the door aim the 81 pistol , but it 's too late . easy stand up and mouse point the gun at he . mouse damn you , easy . do not you never grab I when I get a gun in my hand ! easy silently eye the pistol and give mouse a chance to calm down . after a moment mouse look down at he jacket . mouse look at the blood you do get on my coat . why you wanna go and do that ? he look out the door and grab a small suitcase . then spot the bathroom and move to it , take off he jacket and hang the pistol in he belt . easy hold he finger to the bump on he forehead and catch he breath as mouse run water in the bathtub . mouse now we get to find that girl so we can get that money . easy no , we do not , mouse . I do not need you kinda help or I would have call you . mouse come out of the bathroom , scrubbing at a spot on he jacket with a washcloth . mouse you stand there with a knot on you head the size of a twelve- year - old tittie and you " do not need my kind of help " ? easy ( angrily ) this be the same shit you pull five year ago when you ask I to drive you out to you stepfather 's house , then come to find out you kill he and you stepbrother . mouse aw , easy , that be a long time ago . easy glare at mouse and dab blood from he forehead with a handkerchief . 75 . 81 continued : 81 mouse ( after a moment ) come on , easy . cut I in on this . I could help you . I let you run the show . I swear I will . he amble over to easy apologetically and hold easy 's shoulder with both hand . mouse I swear , I be not gonna do nothin ' you do not tell I to do . easy know he can not believe this but easy everything I say ? mouse everything you say . with no choice , easy nod and walk into 82 the bathroom 82 he run cold water onto a washcloth and look in the mirror , dabbing at he forehead . easy who be that call ? mouse ( o.s. ) I do not know ... sound like some white girl . easy turn toward the door " aw man ! " 83 int . easy's car - day 83 mouse , in a plum color double - breast suit and a brown feel derby hat , turn on the radio and the ink spot ' " we will meet again " purr out . he start to turn the key , but then remember and honk the horn . 84 ext . easy's house - day 84 easy open the door and stand on the porch . mouse hey , easy , be it a leave on richland or a right ? 76 . 84 continued : 84 easy a right . and if dupree be not over there in compton , just come on back ' cause I might have hear from the girl . just then a car cruise around the corner and easy watch mason and miller pull up across the street and get out . he glance over at mouse . 85 int . easy's car - day 85 mouse shut off the radio and slump down in the seat out of view . 86 ext . easy's house - day 86 easy watch they stroll up the walkway . miller Mr. rawlins ... we come to ask you a few more question . mason ( grin ) so why do not you just invite we inside ... ( hold open the door ) after you . and easy and Miller go in . mason what happen to you head ? I do not remember do all that . he laugh and close the door behind they . 87 int . easy's house 87 Miller look around suspiciously . the room still show sign of the struggle with Frank Green . he exchange a look with mason . miller be have a party , ezekiel ? mason push easy into the chair and Miller plant he foot on the seat between easy 's leg and lean in . mason you get a lotta cut and bruise to be a ordinary work stiff . 77 . 87 continued : 87 miller it 's look worse and worse for you , my friend . what do you know about Richard mcgee ? easy who ? on the other side of the room mason pick up a chunk of the break lamp from the fight . miller a dead white man in a cabin in Laurel Canyon . mason come over and stand over easy next to he partner . he finger the sharp porcelain shard of the lamp , threaten . mason he hang out with some of that same nigger friend of yours down on Central Avenue . easy eye the sharp edge , make up he mind to kill this fat son-of - a- bitch if he get too creative , and die with he . miller he just happen to have a note in he pocket with ' c. James ' write on it . he hold the slip of paper up for easy to see . mason any of this make you feel talkative at all , ' cause I will bet ya six bit to a bottle of piss that we be look at a double here ... all we need be to place you in the dead man 's house . easy I be not be there . miller where ? easy I be not be in no dead man 's house . Miller stand back and pat he pocket for a smoke . 78 . 87 continued : ( 2 ) 87 miller how ' bout a smoke , ezekiel ? easy tap out one and Miller place it in he mouth . miller get a light ? easy pull out he lighter and spark the flame . miller May I ? easy shrug and pass the lighter to Miller who fire himself up . miller Nice lighter ... he hold the lighter out of mason who wrap it up in a handkerchief . miller and we get we print . easy what do you mean ? mason oh , have not you hear ? we find a cigarette lighter in the dead man 's house with the killer 's fingerprint on it . easy ( total disbelief ) naw , man . I do not do it . mason course you do , we get evidence . easy ( frantic ) I do not do it . you know I do not ... and Miller lean in hard . miller we know that you know more than you be lettin ' on . and now a white man 's be kill . ( more ) 79 . 87 continued : ( 3 ) 87 miller ( cont 'd ) now you better tell we what you know , or you be goin ' down for the murder of Richard mcgee and coretta James . he straighten up and easy stand up , too . easy ( shouting ) I do not know nothin' . miller ( to mason ) put the cuff on . let 's take he down . as mason reach for the cuff , easy see mouse peek out from the kitchen doorway then disappear inside . easy uh , listen ! I do not know who do it ! miller but we do ... he see mouse draw he gun , he eye train on Miller 's back . mason and that 's all that count . easy dammit , I do not do it . miller tell it to the d.a. mouse be train with the hammer cocked and easy be about to give the signal , but then : easy look , gimme some time to find out . miller forget it . easy gimme till tomorrow ... tomorrow mornin ' ... Miller think about it and then -- 80 . 87 continued : ( 4 ) 87 miller okay . tomorrow morning , that 's it . he nod to mason and easy look up to see mouse raise the gun and slide back into the kitchen . mason unlock the cuff . mason have a nice evening , ezekiel . and he and Miller walk out . easy look out the doorway watch a88 easy's Pov a88 miller and mason get in they squad car and drive away . back to scene b88 he turn back to see mouse stand in the live room . b88 easy ( wearily ) I guess you know what would have happen if you have shot they two cop in my house ? mouse ( shrugging ) Hell yeah . they would be dead . easy shake he head . easy come on , let 's go . he grab a jacket . 88-91 omit 88-91 a92 ext . easy's house - day a92 easy hurry out of he house pull on he jacket with mouse right behind . mouse what they tryin ' to pin on you ? 81 . a92 continued : a92 easy I will tell you on the way . you get the key ? mouse yeah . and he hurry around to the driver 's side . easy before we run out to compton we get one other place to stop by ... he freeze see the woodcutter watch and listen . easy ( to woodcutter ) man , do not you mess with my tree while I be go . he get in as mouse crank the engine . easy you hear I . leave my tree alone . as mouse start away the old man smile mischievously and start to sharpen he axe . easy lean out the car window , yell back as the car pull away . easy I mean it now . do not you mess with my tree !! 92 ext . portland court - day 92 it 's a horseshoe of tiny apartment with over a dozen little porch and doorway staggered in a semi-circle around a small yard that have a half - dozen stunt magnolia tree grow in brick pot . easy and mouse step into the courtyard , pass elderly tenant sit inside screen door . Jimmy lunceford 's " I be walk through Heaven with you " float out into the yard . they arrive at the close door of number eight . easy knock and then knock again , hard . something crash on the inside and heavy footstep pound to the door . voice behind door who 's that ? 82. 92 continued : 92 easy easy ! the door open and junior fornay stand there behind the screen door in blue boxer short and a white T-shirt . junior what you want ? easy it 's private , junior . lemme in . and he reach to pull open the door , but junior throw the latch . junior I be not get time now . I be tryin ' to get some sleep . mouse why do not you open the door , junior , ' fore I have to shoot it down . mouse step out into the doorway , in plain view . junior mouse . mouse open up . we be not get all night . junior force a smile and let they in . 93 int . junior be apartment - day 93 filthy and junky , with old car part scattered amongst old furniture , the room be unpleasant with only the benefit of a dim light -- just like junior . junior y'all want a beer ? he nod at a card table with one fold chair and throw two other into place on he way to the refrigerator . easy and mouse sit down and junior bring over a quart of pabst blue ribbon Beer and two glass that he wipe out with a rag . easy what ya smokin ' ? Zapatas ? 83. 93 continued : 93 junior toss he pack onto the table and pour beer into the glass for easy and mouse , and drink from the bottle . easy unfold the handkerchief in he pocket on the table , uncover the cigarette butt from Richard mcgee 's house . easy ( to junior ) this be one of yours , be not it ? junior look at the butt and shrug . easy you the only one I know cheap enough to smoke this shit ... why would you kill Richard mcgee ? junior huh ? what you talkin ' ' bout ? easy ai not no time to play , junior . I know you the one kill he . junior you crazy , man . you crazy ! and he stand up to emphasize he indignation . mouse sit down , junior . junior shift awkwardly from side to side and then sit back down . easy tell I what happen , junior . junior I do not know what you talkin ' ' bout . easy well , the police will . when they find out that they get you fingerprint up there in that man 's house . junior what fingerprint ? what house ? 84 . 93 continued : ( 2 ) 93 easy hattie have you pull that man out of John 's the night I be there . and he be lay up there dead with the same suit on and a knife in he chest . junior I be not kill nobody . easy quit lyin ' , you big ole sweaty - thick head - cornbread eatin ' -- mouse can not keep from laugh and junior start up after easy . junior you thick -headed , ya damn self !! but mouse be up , still laugh with the pistol in he hand . mouse sit down , man ... ' fore I blow you brain out . junior what kinda shit y'all try to pull here ? mouse ( last warning ) sit down . junior sit down and throw himself around in the chair like a child throw a fit . easy you better tell it the way it happen . and maybe I will forget what I know ... otherwise , I be gonna tell mouse to shoot ya ' cause you know I do not like you ass and he do not like you either . mouse slap the table , laugh so hard he 's in tear . mouse aw , man ... and he aim the pistol and cock the hammer , cause junior to throw himself around some more . 85 . 93 continued : ( 3 ) 93 easy you kill he to take he money , do not ya ? junior I do not even know who you -- easy you just have to rob he , do not ya ! junior I do not ! I do not touch nothin ' in he house ! silence . but it 's in the open now and junior frown and shake he head . junior hattie have I take he out to he car . and he say he give I ten dollar to drive he home . mouse be busy work a toothpick between he front tooth . mouse I know you take that . junior Hell , yeah . then he ask I about that white girl you be askin ' everybody about at the club . and I tell he I see she with coretta ... what the hell I care if he know ? easy you tell he but you will not tell I . junior I do not like you ass , easy . and he gimme fifty dollar . easy ( disbelievingly ) fifty dollar ? just to tell he you see she with coretta ? junior naw . to deliver a letter . easy be stop for a moment . easy what letter ? 86 . 93 continued : ( 4 ) 93 junior how should I know ? he just say to give it to she . easy and you know where she be ? junior I do not say that ! I give it to coretta to give it to she the next mornin ' ! easy you 'spect I to believe that ? why would he trust you to give it to the girl if it be worth fifty dollar ? junior ' Cause he have to blow town , fool ! easy stop to make the connection . easy why ? junior he do not say ! easy ( after a moment ) you better be tellin' the truth . let 's go , Raymond . he and mouse get up . junior I be tellin' the truth . I be not kill nobody . that man be alive when I leave he ! easy open the door , look back at junior , who 's still go on and walk out . 94-95 omit 94-95 96 int . easy's car - dusk 96 compton look a lot like Texas , with unpave street and little country - style house set back away from the road behind vegetable garden and chicken coops and small shed with a horse or a cow tie up . 87 . 96 continued : 96 easy and mouse pull into the gravel driveway of a little house and be meet by the usual bark dog you find in the country -- part spaniel , part shepherd , and some kind of retriever . it dog easy and mouse 's heel as they get out of the car . 97 ext . dupree' sister' house - dusk 97 they notice the light in the front window go out and the shade pull back slightly as they walk toward the front door . moment later the door open and the dark figure of dupree brouchard appear . dupree ( to the dog ) go on . go on in the back . the dog obey and easy and mouse walk up the walkway . easy hey , dupree . be try to call you . dupree yeah , easy ! cop just let I out today . my sister go to work and I do not feel much like talk ... Raymond ... mouse hey , big man ! they pigtail I smell ? dupree yeah . lula mae make some ' fore she go to work . dupree usher they in . 98 int . dupree' sister' house - kitchen - dusk 98 dupree 's face under the kitchen light show two swollen black eye from a brutal police " question . " his eye be heavy with liquor and tear glisten down he cheek . dupree why somebody wanna kill she like that ? why ? easy I do not know , dupree ... I do not know ... 88. 98 continued : 98 dupree pour rye whiskey into a water glass in front of mouse , who swallow half the shot without look up from he plate of food . easy decline when the bottle come he way , feel the pressure of time run out . easy do coretta ever say anything to you about a letter she be keep ? dupree letter ? what kinda letter ? easy for that white girl ... dupree naw . but I know it be on account of she that coretta get kill . easy rear back in he chair with keen interest and mouse look up from he pigtail . dupree take a drink and he eye narrow in anger . dupree ( continue ) everything between coretta and that daphne be always such a damn secret ... I mean that ole girl do not think nothin ' about two - timin ' on Frank ... she probably ' innerduce ' coretta to one of they ole guy she know ... and when he come to the house after coretta ... ( start to break ) ... he find out she be not that kinda woman ... cop say she fight he ... aw my gawd ... fight he ' cause she would not have nobody but I - e-e ... he bury he face into he hand and easy throw a sad but frustrated look to mouse . dupree ( continue ) aw gawd , I can not even go to sleep ... ' cause I can still see she face that mornin ' ' fore I go to work ... ( more ) 89 . 98 continued : ( 2 ) 98 dupree ( cont 'd ) junior have be by and just leave the house ... and she come runnin ' out to the car carry she bible ... and she say , ' keep this for I , baby . ' easy and mouse exchange look . jackpot ! and dupree fall apart . dupree ( continue ) Police will not even let I go near she house . so it 's the only thing I get leave from she . it be a sign ... I know it be a sign , ' cause she be so religious ... mouse it 's all right , big man ... it 's all right ... and he pour dupree a half glass of rye . 99 the bottle - later , night 99 barely a " corner " of whiskey lie at the bottom and dupree be snore like a buzzsaw , sound asleep . mouse squint into he glass , wonder why it 's empty , and look down the length of the kitchen lead into 100 the bedroom - night 100 drawer be pull out on the dresser , and easy be rifling through another until he pull out a bible . he fan the page , find the letter already open . his finger pull out a photograph and then two more . back to easy his excited face go sick , and he silently mouth : easy Holy shi-it ... 90 . 100 continued : 100 easy ( v.o. ) I be as nauseate from fear as I be from what I see ... picture of a much young Matthew teran and child ... innocent , helpless , naked child ... 101 kitchen 101 easy hurry in hold up the letter . easy I get it . come on , I think that girl be gonna call again . mouse that dupree be a good man , but he sure can not hold he liquor . easy grab he coat off a chair and start to put it on , stuff the letter in he coat pocket . easy you get you sail up pretty far too , Raymond . mouse you callin ' I drunk ? easy well , you be puttin ' it away along with he and -- mouse if I be drunk could I do this ? and in less than a heartbeat he have pull that long - barrel pistol and be aim it at easy 's forehead . mouse ai not a man in Texas can outdraw I ! easy ( force calm ) put it down . mouse go on . and he put the gun back in he shoulder holster . 91 . 101 continued : 101 mouse go for you gun . let 's see who get kilt . easy I do not have a gun , Raymond . come on , let 's go . mouse you fool enough to go without a piece then you must wanna be dead . he lay the pistol on the table then draw a .32 automatic from he waist , this time cock the hammer , the muzzle only inch from easy 's head . easy can tell from the glaze look in mouse 's eye that instead of see he , he friend be glaring at some demon he carry around in he head . so he stand stock still . easy ( quiet , soothing ) let he go , Raymond ... he do learn he lesson . if you kill he then he will not have get it . mouse he fool enough to call I out and he be not even get no gun ? I will kill the motherfucker . easy let he live , Raymond , and he be scared whenever you walk in the room . mouse motherfucker better be scared . I kill a motherfucker . I kill he ! easy stare down the barrel of the gun for a long moment until mouse blink , then nod and let the pistol fall down into he lap . his head on he chest , he 's sound asleep . easy take the gun and put it on the table with the other . then walk to the doorway and turn out the light . 102 int . easy's car - night 102 the dim street lamp of easy 's neighborhood streak past as easy scan the street and sidewalk , wary for anybody who might be stake he out . 91 . 102 continued : 102 easy ( v.o. ) the picture be burnin ' a hole in my pocket ... I have no doubt that albright have kill mcgee ... and that he have do it for Matthew teran ... but teran have not know who kill coretta . I be sure of that , too . 103 ext . easy's house - night 103 easy 's car pull up and he get out and look around cautiously before start up the walkway . easy ( v.o. ) ( continue ) for the first time I hate walk up to my house ... I still do not know if I could go to the police . but albright be liable to be show up in a few hour ask about Frank Green . I be think I oughta forget the girl and leave town , back to Houston or Galveston where they do not know I too good . easy get to the door , still literally look over he shoulder , and hear the phone ringing inside . he unlock the door and burst in . 104 int . easy's house 104 he race through the dark live room and into 105 int . bedroom 105 and pick up the phone but the dial tone drone on the other end . easy shit ! damn ! he whacks the nightstand with the receiver , die with frustration . and something move in the dark . he lunge and grab daphne monet and pull she into the light , then sit down onto the bed before the shock can knock he down . daphne be you all right ? 93. 105 continued : 105 easy shake he head in disbely relief and she reach to touch the bump on he forehead . daphne what happen ? easy you boyfriend , Frank Green , throw a surprise party for I . daphne I be sorry , easy ... he pull away . daphne ( continue ) easy , coretta 's boyfriend , dupree , get out of jail today . and ... daphne easy ( continue ) ( he join she ) I need you to help I you need I to help you find he . find he . easy shake he head , amused , and light a cigarette . easy -- I already have the picture ... daphne stiffen , as if from a electrical shock , and then : daphne easy , I pay seven thousand dollar for that picture . they belong to I . easy oh yeah ? Matthew teran may have something ' to say about that . daphne easy , you would not dare . easy try I . who kill coretta ? daphne I do not know -- I will pay you for they . I will give you a thousand dollar . easy you give Richard seven . 94 . 105 continued : ( 2 ) 105 daphne okay , I will give you seven . easy where would you get seven thousand dollar from ? daphne never mind . I will give it to you . easy , please . they be very important to I . easy coretta 's life be important to a few people too . what 's say you tell I who kill she ? daphne easy , honey , I do not know . easy ' honey ? ' do Frank and Carter really fall for that stuff ? come on ... you and Todd Carter have a fight and all of a sudden he do not wanna be mayor no more ... you leave , he 's worried but he can not even get he buddy in the police department to help he find you ... and now you wanna buy some picture of teran . why ? ' Cause he 's get some dirt on you . she get up and walk away . daphne easy , why do not you just take the money ! easy be that what Frank tell coretta ? she whirl around to face he . easy ( continue ) be she be too nosy ? or be she just be coretta and try to bargain up the price ? daphne easy , please . how much do you want ? 95 . 105 continued : ( 3 ) 105 easy tell I . be Frank you husband or you pimp ? smack ! she swing and open hand across he face , and smack ! he return the gesture , send she back onto the bed ... he pick up the phone and dial " o . " daphne easy , put the phone down . easy why do not you try scream again ? ' Cause I bet police like white woman with negro boyfriend who hijack truck ... daphne easy , please . she reach for the phone and he push she away . easy I bet they like pimp , and whore , too , who scam rich white man like Carter runnin ' for mayor . daphne easy , please , put it down ... easy and I be sure they like it when this white girl tell they color man to lay low ' cause they kill a woman over some picture of another rich white man . she gather herself , just as : operator' voice number please ... daphne ( soberly ) Frank be my brother . easy be about to speak , but then stand still . operator' voice number please ? he hang up . 96 . 105 continued : ( 4 ) 105 she look away , wear out , tired . daphne we have different father . mine be white ... Frank do not even know that Todd and I break up . so far I have keep he out of all this . she get up and take easy 's cigarettes and tap one out . daphne see , coretta 's the only one out here in L.A. besides my brother who know about I ... ( she light up ) and about a month ago she take a job work for , of all people , Matthew teran . she make friend with one of the girl in the office who tell she that she would hear that teran be a pedophile . and coretta get carry away and tell she that Todd Carter be engage to a color woman . she be sorry and do not think it would get to teran ... but it do and he get a hold of my birth record . easy who kill she , daphne ? daphne exhales smoke and brushes hair out of she face ignore the question . daphne ( continue ) Todd and I break up and I pay a guy for the picture of teran . but somehow coretta get they . easy who kill she ? daphne it be a accident . coretta and I be still mad at each other . I mean , she threaten to sell teran the picture . easy who kill she goddammit !? 97 . 105 continued : ( 5 ) 105 daphne I just ask joppy to go over and put a scare in she ... it be a accident . flashback : 106 int . kitchen - coretta's house 106 joppy point a finger in coretta 's face , back she against the counter . she grab a knife from a rack of dish leave out to dry . daphne ( v.o. ) joppy say she pull a knife and try to dump hot water on he ... she swipe at joppy and he backhand she against the stove ... she struggle to grab a pot of boil water , but he wrest it from she and sling she across the room against the counter , she head strike the tile on the way down . 107 back to scene 107 daphne look down at she hand . she stub out she cigarette and sit on the bed . daphne God , I do not mean to hurt anybody ... it 's just that with the picture I can -- easy what ? marry Carter ? be white again ? daphne do not judge I , easy ! do you think I like pretend that I be someone else ? do you know how I have be treat by people , color and white , when I have try to live as a color woman in a color community . do you have any idea what any color man whose ever be with I have have to go through ? do not you dare judge I ! she see easy hesitate and she stand up . daphne ( continue ) come on , easy . help I . 98 . 107 continued : 107 she move in close , caress . daphne ( continue ) come on , you know it 's the right thing to do ... you know if thing be different what would happen between we . easy I will tell you what can happen between we . you get Carter to clear I up from all this and you can have you picture . that 's all that could have ever happen between we . daphne ( genuinely hurt ) sure , baby . of course , sweetheart ... the sound of the front door push open startles they , and albright knock on he way in . albright well I will be damned . you find she . and manny and shariff step in , too , carry baseball bat . easy wait a minute , albright . daphne break for the back way and easy try to bar shariff from go after she . easy hey ! manny swing the baseball bat into easy 's side . and easy yell and plow into he , wrestle he against the wall . albright grab easy from behind and pries he free enough for manny to uppercut he to the chin with the fat end of the bat . easy sink to he knee see double . shariff lead daphne back into the room , she face contort into tear , she arm twisted up behind she in a hammerlock . 99 . 107 continued : ( 2 ) 107 albright ( to daphne ) where be the picture ? daphne ( terrify ) I do not know . smack ! he backhand she . easy grab for the wall to get to he foot and manny swing the bat down into he kidney . albright where be they ? daphne ( indicate easy ) I would not tell he ! and I will not tell you ! albright sure you will . ( to shariff ) let 's go . shariff lead daphne outside and manny draw he forty - five automatic and train it on easy , cock the hammer . albright what be you doin ' ? who be we gonna give them to cover this shit , hunh ?... use you head . he shove manny through the door and push easy onto he side with he foot and he 's out the door . easy strain to get back to he knee as car door slam and the sound of a car engine growl to life . he thrust himself up from the floor and stumble toward the front door like a boxer who should have stay down for the count . he get it open in time to see ... 108 ext . easy's house - night 108 the blurred white form of albright 's caddy scream away , shatter the dark , shriek in flight . dog be bark and a baby be scream somewhere in the neighborhood while light be go on up and down the block . easy stumble back inside and into 100 . 109 the bedroom 109 where he manage to dial the phone . it ring several time on the other end , and finally : mouse's voice ( groggy ) yeah . easy mouse ... mouse's voice hey , easy ? easy ( slurring ) get dupree 's car . drive it to 78th and Central ... the butcher shop . mouse's voice you alright ? easy hurry up . he put down the receiver , miss the cradle , and stagger out of the room . 110 int . easy's car - night 110 easy be rip through the night , the streetlight flash by in blur of light . the window down , he 's come to . easy ( v.o. ) it have come to I in less time than it take to think that albright be take daphne someplace more isolate than that office building downtown ... someplace where there would be no witness ... and I be be leave alive to take the fall . 111 ext . butcher shop / joppy's bar - night 111 the street be still alive . a couple of late night juke joint be cough up the last drunken bit of the party onto the sidewalk to straggle home . easy 's car scream around the corner , and then skid in , send a heavy - hipped young sister , about to cross the street , scramble for cover . he jump out just as mouse scorch the tire on dupree 's ' 38 Packard in behind he . 101 . 111 continued : 111 easy ( to the woman ) sorry , baby ... lemme give you twenty buck for they stocking you get on . it take a moment to register , but when she see he pull a twenty from he pocket , she get busy . he run back to mouse . easy gimme one of they gun you get . mouse smile , loving this side of easy , and trade he a set of car key for a .32 automatic . easy ( continue ) start up my car . I be comin ' out fast . he run back to the woman he almost hit and hand off the twenty , grab one of the nylon , leave she still stripping as he run into 112 int . stairway 112 he take the step two at a time , pull the stock down over he face as he reach the top and burst through the open door lead into 113 int . joppy's bar 113 he charge through the raucous laughter of the half - full room right up to the bar . joppy nearly drop the glass he be clear away as he look down the barrel of the pistol aim at he face . easy come on , joppy . let 's go ! joppy hesitates , recognize the voice . easy you hear I . I will blow you head off ! and he cock the hammer , cause joppy to get a move on from behind the bar . easy shove he through the door , call back to the startle crowd on he way out . 102 . 113 continued : 113 easy do not follow I , goddammit ! and he 's go . 114 int . joppy be bar - night 114 easy hide the piece in he coat pocket as he bum rush joppy to the car . joppy easy , what the hell you -- easy shut up ! and he shove joppy into the back seat , get in next to he . easy drive this damn thing , mouse ! mouse pull off , around the corner , down the street into a alley . a115 int . easy's car - in the alley a115 mouse pull to a stop . easy ( to joppy ) albright 's get the girl . he 's gonna kill she . where would he take she ? and you better get it right . joppy man , I do not -- easy ( scream , press the gun ) do not fool with I , man ! joppy there 's a cabin out in malibu on Route 9 ... easy make a right , mouse ! 103 . b115 ext . alley - night b115 the car roar down the alley and turn right onto the street . 115 int . car - industrial STREET - night 115 easy ( to joppy ) you sure ' bout this place ? joppy I guess so . he 's do this kinda thing out there before . mouse easy , what 's do get into you ? think y'all be friend . easy he kill dupree 's girlfriend . mouse you lyin' . easy naw . mouse son-of-a-bitch ! and he pull out he pistol , aim it back over the seat at joppy as he drive . kablaam ! the bullet slam through the rear window just to the side of joppy 's head . easy mouse ! what be you doin ' ? kablaam ! this one dig out a chunk of upholstery between joppy and easy . easy hey ! watch out ! the car screech to a halt and mouse try to aim again . but easy struggle with mouse 's gun hand still hold a pistol on joppy . easy mouse , we need he to lead the way ! kablaam ! this one rip through the roof . joppy 's yell , afraid that easy 's gun will go off . 104 . 115 continued : 115 easy mouse , the girl offer I seven thousand dollar for the picture . mouse glare into the rearview mirror . mouse you lyin ' ! easy no , I swear I be not . mouse aw shit ! and he fumble with the ignition and shift gear . mouse oh , my God !... oh , my goodness ! 116 ext . L.A. STREET - night 116 the engine roar from a punch to the accelerator , and mouse 's voice can be hear cut through the darkness as the car power off down the street . mouse ( o.s. ) oh , my goodness ! 117 int . easy's car - night 117 easy , with the gun on joppy , strain to see the dimly light road in front of they . easy be that it up there ? joppy yeah , that 's it . 118 through the windshield 118 the headlight bounce off a signpost : " Route 9 . " 119 ext . route 9 - night 119 the pontiac make the turn onto a grade dirt road . 120 int . easy's car - night 120 a ranch - style cabin emerge up off the road , draw nearer in the headlight beam . 105 . 121 back to scene 121 easy shut off the headlight , mouse . mouse kill the light . easy be that it ? joppy naw . it 's farther up . easy how much farther ? joppy another ten minute , I guess . easy , I swear , I be not do nothin ' to nobody . I swear , I be not . 122 ext . route 9 - night 122 through the windshield : House light show through thick shrubbery . joppy there it be . mouse pull to a stop and kill the engine . easy there 's some rope in the trunk , Raymond . mouse get out of the car and be hear open the trunk . joppy easy , come on , man . that girl be lie if she tell you I kill they folk . easy who say she tell I ? scream ! it 's mute and distant . but it 's a woman all right . scream ! easy push out of the back door on the right as mouse open the opposite door on the driver 's side . easy stuff this in he mouth . I gotta get up there . he toss mouse the stock . 106 . 122 continued : 122 mouse let 's just shoot he . easy ( on the run ) no , mouse . and they will hear it . 123 ext . albright' cabin - night 123 the cabin draw nearer as easy scramble up the hill . he can hear daphne cry out something , but he can not make out the word . it quiet down as he near and see shadow crossing a window with the shade pull down . he move cautiously , quietly to the window and peer through the crack between the shade and the windowsill . he can make out a sliver of what look like a large room with a low ceiling . smack ! and daphne scream again . albright' voice come on , talk to I . talk to I while you still can . daphne's voice ( sobbing ) please ! I do not have they ! easy have they ! easy can barely make out shariff pass the window . he strain to see more . albright' voice you say he do not know anything . daphne's voice I be lie !! albright' voice okay . grab that for I , shariff . it 's ready . and then scre-e-eam !! the kind that drop the bottom out of you stomach . the kind more akin to fear than the word itself ... the kind that fries you skin with the cold chill of horror . s-c-r-e-eam again !! daphne's voice no-o-o-o! please . no-o-o! albright' voice now talk to I , goddammit ! 107 . 123 continued : 123 daphne's voice no-o-o! 124 easy 's gotta make a move . kablangalangle ! he smashes the 124 window with the gun and the shade rattles all the way up . manny look right up at he face as daphne arch and flail , try to get free from he hand that be pin she down on a batter old sofa . albright be hold a glow red poker that shariff , stand in front of the fireplace , have just hand he . easy start blast . kablaam ! manny take one to the throat . kablaam ! albright and shariff lunge for cover , and daphne duck down behind the back of the sofa , scream and scream . manny , hand to he throat , pull he gun on reflex , fire into the floor and then half run , half stagger out the side door just ahead of another kablaam ! that dig out a chunk of the wall . easy hear the screen door open and then duck down , get ready for manny who should be come he way from the side door . he hear more step stumble out and then ... silence . and then , kablaam ! blaam ! two huge blast rip right through the wall next to easy 's head , and he scramble to the side of the house , underneath another window with the shade pull down . albright ( o.s. ) ( to shariff ) who the hell 's out there ? shariff ( get frantic ) I do not know ! albright ( o.s. ) that you , easy ? ( silence ) tell we what you want , buddy . see what we can work out . easy hear footstep come alongside the house where he have be moment ago . kablaam ! blaam ! albright have fire from the inside again , think it 's he . easy ( whisper ) mouse ? 108 . 124 continued : 124 but it 's manny , clutching he throat , gurgle for air , stumbling aimlessly off down the hill . a walk dead man ... easy hear he tumble into some shrubbery and after a moment the gurgle stop . albright ( o.s. ) easy ... hey , buddy ( then to shariff ) come on , goddammit ! daphne cry out and klablangle ! easy break the window with the gun but kablaam ! blaam ! blaam ! the windowsill tear out above he head and daphne scream again . easy look up to see shariff , hold she in front of he as a shield . he 's head straight for easy , draw a bead on he for the kill . and then kablaam ! the back of shariff 's skull fly off and mouse be in the side door , blast . blaam ! albright break for the window . blaam ! the slug spin he halfway around but he hurl himself through the window backwards . easy scurries to the front of the house and blaam ! the bullet go wide and albright manage to get into he car and return fire . blaam ! blaam !... easy hit the deck . albright 's engine roar to life and he squeal out on the gravel . mouse appear on the other side of the house and click ! click ! he 's out of ammo . he pull out the other pistol , but it 's too late . mouse damn , damn , damn ! I hit he ! I hit he ! easy get up from the ground and trudge into the front door . 125 int . albright' cabin 125 easy find daphne stand in the middle of the room , she whole body quaking in shock . he take off he jacket and drape it around she . easy come on ... you all right ? her top lip be swollen and bloody and she have a dark bruise on she cheek ... she jerk she head , nodd " yes . " 109 . 125 continued : 125 as he lead she through the doorway , he stop to look back at shariff 's leg sprawling out on the floor from behind the sofa . 126 ext . albright' cabin - night 126 he lead she down the front porch and hear . mouse there 's blood all over here ... I get he . mouse get up from squatting down , grin , the gold rim of he tooth catch a glint from the light come through the door . he look daphne over , admire . mouse damn . sweetheart . easy lead she past , quickly . mouse she okay ? easy yeah . let 's go . 127 ext . route 9 - night 127 mouse open the back seat door of the car and easy see that there 's no one there . easy where 's joppy ? and then he look around quickly , see joppy's body lie off on the side of the road . easy what happen ? mouse shrug . mouse I do not have time to be tie he up . daphne see the body too and start gag . easy 's face twist into helpless pain and he hold a handkerchief to daphne 's mouth . easy why , man ? why ? 110 . 127 continued : 127 mouse why what ? you just say do not shoot he . and I do not ... I choke he ass ... easy help daphne into the car and close the door . easy damn mouse ! why ? mouse how I be gonna help you back there foolin' ' round with he ? easy he be tie up ! why ?! mouse aw , man . if you do not want he kilt you should not have leave he with I . and he go around to the passenger side of the car to get in . unlike up at the house this be murder -- the same as it have be in Texas with mouse 's stepfather and brother . tear of rage well up in easy 's eye as he hear the car door close . dissolve to : a128 ext . glendale train station - night a128 daphne sit in the car , she eye stare straight ahead , still in shock . 128 ext . platform - night 128 a few people hurry to board the train , easy and mouse among they . easy ( v.o. ) I convinced mouse to take the two o'clock train to pomona and to let I handle everything else . he could get a train back to Houston later that morning ... he be fine with that but only because he be seven thousand dollar richer . daphne have get the money out of a locker at the ymca without a word ... ( more ) 111 . 128 continued : 128 easy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) because she be still in shock and could not really talk ... maybe too because she have steal about four time that much from Carter . mouse listen , if you think you gonna have trouble with that dude Frank , I can run by and kill he and take that evening train to Houston . easy naw , man . he have have enough of mouse for a while . mouse oh . this be for you . and he pull out something wrap up in a brown paper bag from he coat . mouse I cut you in for half ' cause I know you be too big a fool to take you share from that white girl yourself . easy stare numbly at the package and then take it . the conductor get on board and the train start make that metal on metal sound . mouse send my grip to etta mae . I be gonna see if she will take I back now that I be flush . he slap easy on the shoulder and board the train . mouse oh , here 's the key to dupree 's car . he toss they , and the train start move . mouse and if you need somebody to run they street with ya , gimme a call . you know how to put some money in a nigga 's pocket . and he laugh , flash gold tooth pull away . 112 . 128 continued : ( 2 ) 128 easy watch . easy ( v.o. ) I know I would see he again and I do not know how I feel about that ... ' cause , unlike mouse , my leg be like rubber ... the way they have be in the war the whole two year I be there . 129 ext . griffith park observatory - night 129 easy sit in he car smoking a cigarette , rub he aching chin , look out at daphne and carter stand on the lawn in front of the planetarium . Carter wander after daphne , explain while she pace back and forth in anger . easy I could tell how it be gonna go when Carter ask we to meet he at the observatory instead of at he house ... she know it , too . but she have come this far and she have to play it out . suddenly , daphne stop abruptly and stride hurriedly back toward the car . Carter follow behind . carter daphne ! daphne , sweetheart ! he start over , too , but then stop , know here 's no use . 130 int . car - night 130 she get in . daphne come on , easy . let 's go . easy throw a look over at Carter . daphne ( continue ) do not worry , you can give he the picture yourself . and she throw they down on the seat . 113. 131 omit 131 132 easy fire up the engine and pull away with daphne 132 look straight ahead . easy hey , I be sorry . the slight twist of she head amount to a shrug and then the tear flow . the sun be come up over the city below ... easy ( v.o. ) for the first time I feel that I could fall in love with she , too ... I be even wonder if it be start to happen when I drop she off at 63rd and dinker where she brother , Frank , be wait ... then it occur to I that she still have Carter 's money ... and I feel like a fool . 133 int . CITY hall 133 easy walk onto the rotunda hold a hand to he aching kidney . a secretary come out to meet he and as she leave , Todd Carter and a group of man in business suit converge on he , shaking hand . easy ( v.o. ) evidently Carter have tell all he croney about the picture because they be all smile and handshake and " how do ya do " ... the Mayor , the police chief ... the newspaper ; land developer . all the man who run the City , and who really stand to gain by who be the Mayor for the next six year . the group fan out leave Carter and easy alone to walk off down a hallway . 134 omit 134 135 omit 135 136 int . mayor' office 136 spacious and heavy in leather and wood with a not - so - spectacular view of the mountain . it 's cold and official like the job itself . Carter pull a brown envelope from inside he coat pocket , not unlike albright . 114 . 136 continued : 136 carter here 's the remain eight hundred that I owe you ... in cash ... and another thousand which I hope will keep this whole thing ... you know . easy nod a tentative " sure . " carter ( continue ) and I have take care of you problem with the police . you will have no more trouble there . and that 's a promise . easy nod and start to go , but ... carter ( continue ; to easy ) Mr. rawlins ... do daphne ever say ... she love I ? easy shrug , not know how to answer . easy would it really matter if she do , Mr. Carter ? Carter nod sadly and easy walk away leave he a lonely figure amidst all he power . 137 ext . CITY hall - day 137 easy hold he kidney and lower himself gingerly down the granite step . easy ( v.o. ) I would be think about daphne , too ... wonder if she mean what she say about what could have happen between we ... but at the moment I be wonder if there be any such thing as a sprain chin . but other than that and a headache , a loose tooth and a kidney that a doctor would need to look at , I feel like five thousand , three hundred dollar ... and unless albright be alive somewhere , that feelin ' be gonna last a while . o.s. voice hey , ezekiel . 115 . 137 continued : 137 Miller and mason be wait outside they car at the curb . they come over . miller you get some mighty powerful friend up there ... mighty powerful . but , see , we get a problem . easy listen disinterestedly . miller ( continue ) with the Chief sealing this thing up like this , it do not do much for the morale of the man who have be work on this case . mason yeah . make them feel like shit . miller there 's a guy who 's be callin ' on the phone . and we be pretty sure that he be up there with mcgee . mason a ... uh ... color guy ... sound kinda dumb ... miller ( correct ) not very bright ... but he say you accuse he of the murder . and he swear you be up there , too ... mason in fact , he 's out and out point the finger at ya . miller how about a name ? mason he would do it to you ... easy wait to make sure they be finish , and ... easy sorry , fella . but I gotta go . he start away . 116 . 137 continued : ( 2 ) 137 easy ( continue ) why do not you go back to the station and , uh ... wait around for my call . mason you son-of -a-bitch ... you watch yourself , you hear ! do not you even spit on the fuck sidewalk ... I better not even -- mason 's voice fade under . easy ( v.o . ) it might be the last moment of my adult life spend free be walk away from City Hall . 138 ext . easy's house - day 138 a newspaper headline read : " Carter back in Race . " the subheading read : " quiet Civic leader returns as flamboyant teran quit . " easy ( v.o. ) the paper treat the mysterious flip - flop like it happen every day . and I could tell that Matthew teran would not spend a day in jail ... back in the second section of the paper be a small article about a unidentified man find dead , slump over the steering wheel of a white cadillac just north of malibu ... further back , we see that odell be read the newspaper , nursing a can of ale . easy ( v.o . ) it scared I to think about a world that could kill a man like dewitt albright ... what could a world like that do to I ? odell hey , easy , where 's you car ? easy look up from pull weed . 117 . 138 continued : 138 easy in the shop ... I be havin ' it fix up a little . odell yeah . man can not get no decent job in this town without a car . easy shoot . I be not studyin ' no job . odell ai not thinkin ' ' bout no job ? how you gonna live ? easy I be gonna go to work for myself . take a little money I get save up and go into real estate ... start fixin ' up folk ' garden again ... and do a few favor on the side ... favor for friend . odell what you talkin ' ' bout , ' favor ' ? easy well , like a woman offer I thirty dollar to go track down she husband for she . odell you talkin ' about private investigatin ' or something ' ... you could get in trouble doin ' that . easy keep work . easy like a man once say to I , odell : ' walk out you door in the morning and you be already in trouble ' ... it 's just how you be mix up in that trouble that count . easy get up and turn on the water hose . easy ( continue ) odell ? odell yeah , easy ... 118. 138 continued : ( 2 ) 138 easy if you get a friend that do bad and you still keep he as you friend , even though you know what he 's like ... do you think that 's right ? odell all you get be you friend , easy ... easy start to nod , but then spot the woodcutter hover over a rosebush in a neighbor 's yard across the street , he shear ready to cut . easy ( call out ) get out of that yard ! ( to odell ) bastard cut down two of my tree . easy pick up a rock and sail it . odell come off the porch and do the same . then a neighbor from across the street join in . the woodcutter amble off toward another block , leave easy , odell and the neighbor gather in the middle of the street . 139 up the block 139 a man with a pony be set up a camera . a few child have gather , and more be run over from other part of the neighborhood . the man prop up a hand - paint sign , " cowboy picture -- 15 cent , " and lift the first customer onto the pony positioning a cowboy hat on the child 's head . 140 back to scene 140 another neighbor join easy and company , and they continue to laugh and talk , look up from time to time to wave at friend in pass car . easy ( v.o. ) I think about what odell have say about friend and it make sense to I ... ( more ) 119 . 140 continued : 140 easy ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) odell go to church every Sunday , so he would know ... later on , he challenge I to a game of domino . and what would he do that for ? we get to talkin' ' bout Texas and fool around and drunk almost a quart of whiskey ... and I forget about daphne Monet , dewitt albright and Carter and they ... and sit with my friend , on my porch at my house ... and we laugh a long time ... fade out . the end