( name of Project ) b y ( name of first writer ) ( base on , if any ) revision by ( name of subsequent writer , in order of work perform ) current revision by ( current writer , date ) name address phone ext . - mountain road - night a police patrol car wind down a mountain road in to a small town . ext . MAIN STREET town - continuous the patrol car roll slowly down the street . the town be a mess . Broken and loot window , litter everywhere . hundred of diamond Dead flyer blow in the wind . int . patrol car - continuous sheriff stutsman tall , blocky - build , mid forty be try to raise somebody on the radio , but all he get be static . the engine die and the radio crackle sharply then go silent as well . sheriff stutsman to despatch ... edna ! pick up the radio ... what the hell ... stutsman unlock he shot gun and exit the vehicle as it roll to a stop in front of the vfw legion Hall . ext . MAIN STREET - continuous the street be desert . Flyers plaster on the hall door read : " one night only dr . diabolicus and the diamond dead " stutsman enter the heavily vandalize hall . he shine he flashlight at a obviously dead the figure on the floor . he make he way to the stage and climb it , pass the trash band equipment and walk to the dock door that open up on a huge meadow . he Pov - night on a hill some distance away a bonfire be burn . a skinny hand tap he on the shoulder and he turn in fright . it belong to edna he dispatcher , late fifty grey hair . she be topless . edna you miss a great show sheriff . sheriff edna ? what 's go on here ? edna pretty neat huh ? ( continued ) continued : sheriff where 's my deputy ? edna they go after the band . silly really . they chase they out of town up , packer rd . ext . cemetery - night two deputy run for they life , flee a as yet unseen danger . a dark shadow with glow red eye watch the man run past and laugh quietly to himself . a second dark shape also with red eye leap past the first shape pursue the terrify man . up in a tree , a third shadow figure leap from he perch to the roof of a tomb , then to the ground , crouching like a gargoyle . he growl in rage and set off in pursuit . the two terrified men come to a clear and stop , uncertain which way to turn as the three menace specter approach they from all side . a claw hand slashes downward in a vicious tear arc . the first man scream as he as he throat be slashed . blood squirt out in a arc . in shock the man cover the wound and the bleed stop . surprise the man remove he hand and the gush of blood resume . the second man turn to look and come face to face with a fanged mouth . the four figure drag the two men to the ground like a pack of hyenas and begin tear at they feverishly . another angle aria do winter stand on the roof of a tomb overlook the cemetery . she 's carry a electric guitar and a pig-nose portable amp . she look around , turn on the amp and launch into a grind guitar solo , silhouett against the moon . the shadow creature crouch over they fresh kill . they lift they head look for the source of the music . the large of the monster stand up and roar at the sky . the other follow suit . they stand and walk towards the music . aria play as the four wraith crawl up the side of the tomb toward she . she stop play as the monster gain foot on the roof . aria ( peeve ) time to go . ( continued ) continued : the four creature look at one another and back at aria . song : " death rock " : aria and the band . grand quignol - night the marquee read : " Dr. diabolicus and the diamond Dead . " the lobby light turn off , then the sign , and finally the marquee light . a few block away fog roll in eerily light with blue light . Inside the fog , lightning flash , and there be a bright explosion . the thick fog roll past the theatre as mathias lock the front door for the night . mathias fog. cool . mathias stand in front of the theatre , turn around and look up at the marquee proudly . he shove he hand in the pocket of he leather jacket , step backwards a few foot into the street and smile . mathias ( cont 'd ) I own a theater . life rock ! the street be desert and quiet . all we hear be the buzz of the power line and the neon in the marquee sign . then somewhere in the fog mathias hear the sound of soupe - up engine . they become louder . mathias stare into the fog but he can not make out anything . High on a pole , a transformer explode send a electrical surge down the street . a street light explode and go dark and then another and another . mathias ( cont 'd ) what the hell ? a ball of electricity build around a junction box form a outline of a winge demon . it leap from the junction box and streak past mathias , almost knock he over . it 's unearthly feed - back scream echoe down the street . mathias turn around but see nothing . mathias ( cont 'd ) Holy shit ! aria Mathias Stark ? ( continued ) continued : mathias turn around . a beautiful woman be stand in front of he . she 's a blonde in she mid-twenty with a sinister smile on she face . she wear a top hat with a veil and a black rubber dress . mathias yaah ! aria do I scare you ? mathias yes. Jesus Christ . aria good . I be aria De Winter mathias you be with the band , right ? aria no . they be with I . mathias do you hear 429 engine with header , fuel injector and two inch straight pipe ? cuz I do . aria that 's the road crew . out of the fog come four customized hearse . the driver be dress in nineteenth century costume . they stop in front of the theatre and wait , unmove . there be a sound that follow and reverberate of powerful turbine hum . mathias awesome . aria be not it ... mathias you agent say you would be here tomorrow . aria it be tomorrow -- three past twelve . mathias I be sorry . I be just go home . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) a tall gaunt man walk up to aria , he arm outstretch . he hold a scythe on a purple satin pillow . aria thank -you , rasputin . I will catch up later . she take the scythe . the man bow slightly and walk away . aria ( cont 'd ) I bet you be a terribly fascinating little boy , Mathias . kinda sexy in a innocent sort of white meat way . do you have any tattoo ? mathias no . aria do you want one ? mathias I do not know , I ... aria shame . aria twirl the scythe like a baton . aria ( cont 'd ) would it be alright if we go inside and start set up ? mathias sure . I will open up for you . aria do not bother . we get it . the transformer over - head explode send a surge along the wire down to the theatre . the lobby light turn themselves on , then the sign and the marquee . mathias hey ! how would you do that ? aria Magic . we be in show business . mathias wow . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) aria c'mon . let 's you and I get a cup of coffee down the street and leave the boy to the grunt work . aria tuck she arm around mathias and lead he down the street . aria ( cont 'd ) you be kinda small , be not ya ? kind of feminine feature . mathias well , I ... aria do not worry . I like girl , too . mathias I think I be in over my head . aria not yet , but if you be lucky , who know ? mathias help . another angle aria and mathias walk down the street . the telephone wire become a pulse of electricity as it flash through cable and wire run under the city , into a urban apartment building , follow a chord into the back of a television set into jack and geena be apartment . int . jack and geena' apartment - night jack and geena be in they live room . jack be a young punk in he mid-twenty : Mohawk , shred clothes , ridiculous feature . just plain odd . geena be he roommate : young , beautiful and full of hell with long dark hair and mischievous eye . they be sit in front of the tv look catatonic , watch a infomercial . jack what do you wanna do ? geena I do not know . what do you wanna do ? a long silence fall between they . ( continued ) continued : jack we could eat some food . geena again ? we eat already . jack that be yesterday . geena really ... d' you think I be anorexic or sumthin ? jack where do you wanna eat ? geena I dunno . where do you wanna eat ? again , a long silence . jack seven-eleven . geena they will not let we in there , remember . you throw up on the clerk . jack oh yeah . be not my fault . geena how bout the mud Club ? jack oh gag . geena jack diner ? jack barf ! geena satyr ? jack puke . geena Leo 's ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) jack spew ! geena well , where do you wanna eat then ? jack I do not care . where do you wanna eat ? Long silence . geena let 's just take a walk and we can figure it out later . jack okay . neither of they stand up . they continue to stare at the tv . geena c'mon . jack I can not . the radiation from the tv have drain my will to resist its electronic seduction . I have no will of my own . turn it off . geena I can not . you turn it off . jack oh , God . we be doom . geena victim of a technology we cannot control . Jack reach over the side of the couch and grab a shoe . jack if I can ... just .. reach .. my shoe . I can ... ugh ! he throw the shoe . it hit the off button on the tv . geena thank God . ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) jack that be close . we gotta find that remote . geena no shit . ext . STREET - night jack and geena walk down the street . suddenly Jack stop in front of a telephone pole . jack hey geena , check it out . geena what ? on the pole be a poster for Dr. diabolicus and the diamond Dead . jack Dr. diabolicus be come . they kick some serious ass . geena look like a dirt head metal poser band to I . I think you hate heavy Metal . jack Dr. D be not heavy Metal . they be a ... they be a hard - core grunge wave rockabillie band . yeah , a kinda techno dance neuromantic retro glam hip hop be bop slamarama mosh squash . c'mon , you know . geena they look like a Metal band . jack yeah , well ... they be , but they be good . can we go ? huh ? can we ? huh ? please , geena ? please ? geena you white trash be show , Jack . jack it be ? I be sorry . we gotta go , geena . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 10 . jack ( cont 'd ) they do not do many show and they will never breeze through this backwater shitpile again in my lifetime . please . please . geena Fine . we can go . jack really ? geena sure. jack let 's get in line for ticket ! geena it 's one o'clock in the morning , Jack . the box office will not open until noon . jack yeah , you be right . we need sleep bag and shit . you go get the supplies and I will save you a spot . geena I really do not think there 's go to be a line . jack be you sure ? geena pretty damn sure . jack I wanna be absolutely sure . geena oh , god. jack that 's right , geena . to the theatre , my trusty sidekick . geena I be not no sidekick and you be no batman . ( continued ) 11 . continued : ( 2 ) jack you be right , little buddy . let 's go tell Ginger and the Professor that Marianne be a lesbian . hurry ! geena asshole . jack I prefer to think of myself as anally challenge . ext . jack coffee shop - night 19 a seedy run down dive . the neon sign explode leave only a few glow letter . the sign now read Jack off shop . int . jack coffee shop - night mathias and aria be have a cup of coffee . aria you look nervous . mathias I be not nervous . I always look this way in case something weird happen . aria have you ever see a diamond Dead show before ? mathias no . but I hear a song or two ....0 k , that 's a lie , I never hear of you guy until you agent call last week . do not hate I . aria so you be say the only reason we be book be because we call first . mathias I just inherite the theatre from my uncle . you have a band . I have a place to play . next week I get devo unplugge and crosby still nash and rotton . that 's gonna suck . but hey , I be just stare out . ( continued ) continued : 12 . aria that 's fair . mathias how long have you guy be together ? aria forever . awhile , couple week decade , eon , a couple epoch . thank the mother it 's almost the apocalypse . I hate time . mathias do you have any music I can listen to ? aria that 's not important . what be important be that you listen to I . mathias um ... okay . aria do you scare easily ? mathias yes . like right now when you ask , " do you scare easily ? " i think I just piss a testicle . I be kind of high strung . aria do you believe in the supernatural ? mathias I think the more important question be : do it believe in I ? aria I be serious . mathias so be I . I figure if I ignore the spooky shit , it will ignore I . we kind of form a mutual non - interest pact . aria well , Mathias , someone just break the pact . ( continued ) 13 . continued : ( 2 ) mathias I do not understand . aria I be just say that spooky shit may happen . but do not worry . it will all work out . mathias do not worry ? say , " do not worry , " to someone like I be like a cop say , " Bend over , this be a cavity search ! " I be the king of the fearhead ! what 's to worry about aria ? be you a band of satanic killer or something ? because if you be I want it on the record that I be not a virgin . aria you seem like a nice guy . it 's just that we attract a weird crowd . thing do not always follow a natural pattern with we . mathias sound like my sex life . aria really . mathias no , but I like to fantasize . mathias watch aria seductively suck on a pickle . mathias ' fantasy sequence mathias be on a giant plate , lay next to the french fries as aria' giant hand pick he up and slide he body into she mouth . mathias oh no stop ! help ... Inside she mouth as she close she lip around he . mathias ( cont 'd ) ( muffle ) oh hey this be nice ... mmmmmmm ! end of fantasy sequence ( continued ) 14 . continued : mathias be snap back to reality by aria speak . aria ready to go back to the theatre . mathias look embarrassed and uncomfortable . mathias um no I be just go to sit here for a few minute . if that 's cool with you ? aria suit yourself . aria exit . mathias squirm in he seat . and grab a ice cube and drop it down he pants . ext . STREET - night geena and jack stand across the street from the Grand quignol . jack where do you suppose someone can get a hearse at this time of night ? geena kinda strange , be not it ? jack good strange , or bad strange ? geena all strangeness be good . it help break up the monotony . jack true . geena when do you suppose we can buy ticket ? jack I think you say you hate heavy Metal ? geena I love heavy Metal . ( continued ) continued : 15 . jack but ... geena I be not a slave to my every word . listen , Jack . I do what I feel , not what I say . jack in the future , could you just say what you feel and do what you say ? geena sure ... fuck off . jack be that what you feel ? or be that what you want to do ? geena forget it . a gaunt figure step out of the darkness . his face be shroud i n shadow . he have long wild hair and be dress in shred leather and black latex . his voice be dark and sinister . jack and G dr . D hello , kiddie . eena start . jack and geena yaah ! fuck ! dr . D up past you bedtime ? geena you dick ! jack hey , geena , that 's Dr. diabolicus . he 's the lead singer . geena I do not care if he 's Vincent price . he 's still a dick . jack whoa ! Dr. D , you be like a role model for I . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : Dr. D prod unroll in 16 . ( 2 ) jack ( cont 'd ) I try to spit maggot just like you do on stage . I kinda swallow by mistake and I have to get my stomach pump . but it be worth it . can I have you autograph ? dr . D no. geena see . he 's a dick . dr . D I be kinda hope I could get you autograph . uce a long contract from out of nowhere . it to the street for about ten foot and then stop , release a tiny terrify rat like creature that be trap inside . it terror . scurries away into the darkness squeaking in jack why ? geena yeah . what for ? dr . D a trade . geena what kind of trade ? dr . D I give you backstage pass and I get you immortal soul . jack damn ! dr . D be something the matter ? geena Jack and I already sell we soul to madonna for a couple t-shirt and a case of beer . dr . D take the pass anyway . what the hell . it 's not like I have a quota or anything . ( continued ) 17 . continued : ( 3 ) Dr. D produce two pass with a bit of sleight of hand . jack thanks . geena sorry I call you a dick . dr . D happens all the time . across the street the roadies be carry four coffins into the theatre . jack check it out . geena wow ! hey , Dr. D , what be the ... across the street the marquee suddenly spark up shower the street . Dr. D be go . jack whoa ! geena shit ! ext . another STREET - night dark wraithlike robed figure move along the predawn abandon street tack up poster for the band . they cover up a huge billboard advertising the " Holy Church of good intention " , replace it with the band 's logo . ext . STREET - morning mathias walk to the theatre . the street be completely cover in poster . a bum sleep in a doorway have a poster glue to he back . song : " I 'm up with the SUN " : mathias . mathias round the corner and find the front of he theatre mobbed with rock and roll fan , protester , tv truck , police , and t-shirt vendor . mathias be this hell ? ( continued ) 18 . continued : he push he way to the front door , fight off reporter and scream diamond dead fan . int . grand quignol lobby - morning pussy A. dangle , the oh-so-hip vj from ntv ( nerve Television ) sing as she check she hair and makeup get ready to go on camera . song : " queen of the trendy " : pussy . pussy cold cock the Metal head with she microphone smile into the camera . pussy this be pussy A. dangle , live from the Grand quignol theatre , somewhere in the cultural hell we call the Midwest . mathias enter , stunne by the mess in front of he theatre . the camera light flash in he eye and he be blind . pussy ( cont 'd ) I be talk live with Mathias Stark , owner of this wonderful new pop oasis and host to America 's latest contender for the shock rock crown , Dr. diabolicus and the diamond Dead . tell I Mathias , what be Dr. diabolicus and the diamond Dead really like ? be the rumor really true ? be you in fact sleep with aria De Winter rhythm guitarist for the band ? mathias what ?! ! pussy do the diamond Dead really practice satanic ritual before every concert ? mathias I do not sleep with Ms. De winter !!! pussy what about the rumor that they be in fact dead ? ( continued ) continued : 19 . mathias I just meet she . we talk . I hardly know she . pussy be it true that member of the band have felony warrant in Poland ? mathias ( flustered ) she 's a nice girl , not that I would not consider it if she ask I . I mean , who would not ? I mean I be a man , right ? not that I be any kind of virile adonis . as a matter of fact , my doctor say that the impotency problem be only because I have a anxiety attack ... oops ... pussy any comment ? mathias stare at the camera , stunne . mathias um ... I need coffee . mathias run up the stair to he office and slam the door . int . mathias ' office - day aria sit on Mathias ' desk . aria hello , lover . mathias do not you start . oh my God . it 's a fuck nightmare out there . Reporters , cop , craze fan . aria that 's the biz . mathias look , aria . you be a sweetheart and I would sleep with you in a hot second despite what rumor you may hear out there . but I be a simple neurotic manic depressive . I sleep with two woman in my life . it be a disaster both time . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 20 . mathias ( cont 'd ) I do not do well under sexual pressure . so if you must , let 's get it over with so you disappointment will not be too humiliate . mathias close he eye and grit he tooth . aria what be you talk about ? mathias collapse on the couch . aria go she hand aria exit mathias oh , God . I dunno . I be craze . I be sick . I freak out . I need coffee , goddamit ! aria I will get it . mathias thank -you ! and God bless you ! to the coffee maker . aria you can not let this stuff get to you . do I a favor , just go with it . pretend it 's all a dream . mathias that 's hard . if this be a dream , I would be better- look and you would be naked . aria yeah , well , it 's still early . mathias you be great . he the coffee . aria I know . if it 's any consolation , the place be sell out . so you just relax . I will handle the crowd and the media circus . mathias thanks . . mathias sip he coffee with shaking hand . ( continued ) 21 . continued : ( 2 ) mathias ( cont 'd ) yep . I be be set up . ext . grand quignol - day pussy be interview the crowd . pussy look at I , America . I have get the hot ticket on the planet . just who be the diamond Dead ? where do this band come from ? who care ? just as long as I have a backstage pass and you do not . a hearse screech around the corner and the fan start scream . a particularly craze fan run into the middle of the street . fan 1 diamond Dead ! diamond Dead ! I wanna be just like you guy !! the hearse run he over . fan 2 ugh ! pussy stand over the road- kill kid . pussy Dr. diabolicus and the diamond Dead . Teen idol or the avatar of death . who the hell do this guy think they be ? let 's ask the fan . pussy grab a particularly stupid-look metalhead burnout . pussy ( cont 'd ) so . what do you ... metalhead diamond Dead ! diamond Dead ! diamond Dead ! pussy um ... Excuse I . metalhead diamond Dead ! ( continued ) 22 . continued : pussy pardon I . metalhead diamond Dead ! fuckin ' a! fuckin ' b! the metalhead be completely out of control , so pussy knee he in the groin . metalhead ( cont 'd ) bogus . pussy I be pussy A. dangle with ntv . talk to I . metalhead you be not gonna rack my bone again , be you ? pussy tell I about the band ? metalhead diamond Dead rule ! diamond Dead rock . they be the most ultimate , most penultimate , most non - non ultimate fuck band ever ! pussy why ? metalhead huh ? pussy why be they so great ? metalhead uh ... fuck ... uh ... pussy well ? metalhead well , I dunno , cuz they be , like , dead ? you know diamond Dead ... what do you want from I ? pussy how come you like they ? ( continued ) continued : 23 . ( 2 ) metalhead shit . you be a real megabitch . pussy ( turn back to the camera ) there you have it . the diamond Dead defy description . they elicit total mindless adoration from they fan ... metalhead ( tapping she on the shoulder ) I just think why I like they . pussy why ? metalhead well ... um ... they get great T - shirt . pussy moron . metalhead ( start yell again ) diamond Dead ! diamond Dead ! int . loading dock - day diamond Dead tour truck be unload equipment into the theatre as anyone who jack bump jack and geena approach wave they pass at will look . jack hi , I be Jack shit . I be suppose to be here . I get a backstage pass . geena see ! backstage pass . we get backstage pass . we be cool . into rasputin . jack pardon I . but do you have any grey poupon ? ( continued ) 24 . continued : geena move aside , mere drop of water . let the ocean pass . int . mathias ' office - day mathias be in he office , lie on the couch . aria knock on he door and stick she head in . aria ready to meet the rest of the boy ? mathias be there any reporter out there ? aria we be meeting pussy A. dangle backstage . mathias that 's the woman . I will stay here . aria c'mon ! mathias aw ! do I have to ? aria do not be a baby . mathias sheesh . that 's like tell elvis , " do not be dead " . int . backstage - day pussy be stand next to the dress room door . rasputin the security guard , wear a headset and carry a uzi have take up he post opposite . rasputin ( talk to headset ) the bacon be in the grease . pull back the tank and secure the perimeter . pussy ( to camera ) Security be tight around here as every move of the band be overseen like a military operation . ( continued ) 25 . continued : groupies rush the green room , scream . sniper armed with gun appear out of they hide place and fire at the craze bimbos . pussy ( cont 'd ) oh my God ! rasputin ( calmly into he headset ) Blue spook to Big boo . can we have a cleanup crew to backstage dress room c? over . pussy oh my God ! oh my God ! oh ... my ... God ! rasputin ( to pussy ) can I see some id ? pussy you shot that bimbos ! rasputin id ? pussy hand over she press credential . pussy I be pussy A. dangle from ntv . I make arrangement with aria De winter ... you ... you ... you shot that poor groupy ! rasputin hang on a minute , Ms. dangle . ( to headset ) Blue spook to Big boo . verify access to the bacon ? pussy that poor teenybopper . you kill they . rasputin no , we do not , mar 'am . tranquilizer dart . pussy what ? ( continued ) continued : 26 . ( 2 ) rasputin Dr. diabolicus endorse the n. A. H. T. 0 . G. B. B. f. i. pussy who ? rasputin the National Association for the humane treatment of groupy bimbos , and bad female impersonator . we will attach a small radio transmitter and then release they into they natural habitat . we do not harm the bimbo in any way . pussy Natural habitat ? rasputin sure . Shopping mall , biker rally , Republican political fund - raiser ... it 's all very control and we be save thousand of bimbos from extinction every year pussy really ? rasputin here come Ms. De Winter now . aria and mathias enter . aria pussy A. dangle . I be aria De Winter and this be Mathias Stark . mathias we meet . rasputin Dr. diabolicus and the rest of the band will see you now . but first a word of warning . pussy yes . ( continued ) continued : 27 . ( 3 ) rasputin they hate bright light . they hate stupid question . and most important of all ... pussy what ? rasputin do not put you finger near they face . pussy why ? rasputin they bite . pussy bullshit . aria c'mon , rasputin , you be scare we guest . rasputin no . they do . rasputin hold up he leave hand . two finger be miss . pussy Holy shit ! mathias I be not go in . aria rasputin ! stop it . rasputin all I do be wave to Dr. diabolicus and he bit they off . he would have eat my whole arm if I have not shot he . mathias you shot he ? aria he 's exaggerate . shut up now , rasputin . ( continued ) 28 . continued : ( 4 ) rasputin do not hurt he but it give the gaffer time to drag I away . aria thank - you for share , rasputin . he 's such a kidder . let 's go in . pussy um ... mathias I do not think so . rasputin hey , do not worry , I get worker ' comp , so I be happy . aria can we go in ? rasputin sure . they be a bunch of swell guy . honest after they enter , rasputin reach into he pocket pull out he severe finger and reattach they magically . he laugh to himself . int . dressing room - day aria , pussy , mathias and the cameraman enter . the dress room be very poorly light . the outline of four coffin can be see against one wall . four dark silhouettes be sit on the couch . a long bony hand reach for a beer sit on the end table . pussy it 's very dark in here . aria we like it that way . the band nod in unison . a weird distort chuckle echoe around the room . pussy I do not think the camera be go to be able to pick up much in this light . ( continued ) 29 . continued : mathias that 's probably for the best . well , not much to see here . let 's go get a espresso . aria I will tell you when you can turn on the light . pussy oh. fine. aria be you ready ? cameraman Rolling . pussy ( to camera ) this be pussy A. dangle backstage with the biggest band in the world , Dr. diabolicus and the diamond Dead . so , guy , what 's it feel like to be star ? dr . D it feel a lot like not be a star , only with a lot more money . pussy so , why the darkness ? why the mystery ? spyder syn raise two sock puppet on he hand which do he speak for he . he wear a iron mask and a long cape that conceal he emaciate anatomy . his hair , which stick out of the top of he mask , be parte in the middle . one side be dyed white , the other black . spyder syn - good puppet we shun the light . we eye and we soul be attune to the darkness . glitter be a tall mummify cadaver , make up like a french whore . his once outlandish glitz wardrobe hang on he like a scarecrow . glitter sunlight dry we skin . we all have very sensitive skin . ( continued ) 30 . continued : ( 2 ) dr . D we do not go near water either . pussy why ? spyder syn ( good puppet . ) we do not want to re-hydrate . dr . D that would be bad . glitter ooooh . can you imagine ? all the midol in the world could not stop that bloat . yuck . pussy who 's the man on the end there ? bartholomew bangz wear a tear tank top t- shirt and leather pants . despite he emaciate condition , he arm be overdevelop and muscular . his face be a freeze sneer . he remind people of sid vicious , if sid be a beef jerky . bangz fuck you ! aria that 's bartholomew bangz . he do not talk much . bangz fuck you . I fuckin ' talk like a fuckin ' parrot . listen to I talk ! I be fuckin ' talk right now . you just do not want to fuckin ' listen to what I fuckin ' have to say . fuck ntv . fuck this band . fuck you all ... thank you ... and fuck you . dr . D bangz be cool . bangz fuck you . pussy so . what do you attribute you sudden success to ? ( continued ) 31 . continued : ( 3 ) dr . D we be dead . spyder syn ( bad puppet ) yup. Dead . glitter Dead Dick dead . bangz fuckin ' dead . fuckin ' dirtnap dead . fuckin ' stiff city . pussy I do not understand . aria Dr. diabolicus and the diamond Dead be America 's first authentic dead band . pussy how do you mean dead ? dr . D Dead . Dead . un-live . inanimate . uninvolved . glitter we be decease . bangz so , fuck you . aria pussy , dear . you be about to see America 's ultimate product for a death fixate society . you be in the presence of the first completely dead band . lady and gentlemen , I give you ... Dr diabolicus and the diamond Dead . aria turn on the light . the four cadaver smile at the camera . glitter wave . pussy ( scream ) Jesus ! ( continued ) continued : 32 . ( 4 ) mathias they sure smell dead . dr . D I be Dr. diabolicus , lead singer and all round charismatic guy . this be spyder syn. proof that cruella De ville get a sex change . spyder hold up one of he sock hand puppet . spyder syn - bad puppet hi , America . glitter this be glitter . the man . the music . the accessory . dr . D and bartholomew bangz . thinker . philosopher . bangz fuck you . dr . D he 's deep . int . average american home - day a teenager , wear a diamond Dead T-shirt dial he phone frantically while watch pussy A. dangle scream and puke live on ntv . int . ntv C teenager hey , man . be you watch ntv ? Holy shit . I tell you they be really dead guy . pussy A. dangle just blow chunks . they be so fuck gross . hairman' office - day the chairman sit at he desk watch tv . he punch a button and the floor . a young executive pop up out of a trap door in assistant yes , mein pop fuhrer . chairman call a board meeting now . ( continued ) continued : 33 . assistant now , sir ? everybody leave . most exalted sultan of sexploitation . chairman call they back . I see a opportunity to exploit . assistant yes , oh High Holy God of Capital gain . chairman that boy be really dead . assistant I think it 's a gag , oh Pope of pious publicity . chairman this be for real . I can sense it . who care if it 's real or not -- they be imagery . they must be digitize , process and transmit before they become passe , which I estimate will be in approximately twelve minute . this band need emergency hype and image consulting . stat . assistant as you wish , oh purest vision of a plastic Planet . chairman I smell money . ext . veronica's dungeon - day in front of the reverend scrugg retreat of contemplation a 20 story statue of Jesus stand with arm outstretch . veronica dungeon be locate in the crotch . as we come closer , we see silhouettes in the open zipper shape window . int . veronica's dungeon - continuous mistress veronica vinyl be busy flog the reverend jimmy joe billy bob scrugg . ( continued ) continued : a man ente the zealot the zealot 34 . veronica you disgusting worm ! lick my boot while recite " the cat in the hat " in esperanto . reverend yes , mistress . veronica what be you ? reverend a worm , mistress . a little horny worm . veronica and what be I ? reverend you be mistress Veronica vinyl . the goddess unto which all man must give they undy devotion and credit card number . rs . he be one of the reverend scrugg ' zealot . zealot reverend scrugg . reverend scrugg . there 's something you have to see . ( to Veronica ) Excuse I , mar 'am reverend how many time have I tell you not to disturb I in my retreat of contemplation ? zealot I be sorry , reverend scrugg , but if the nice leather lady could stop contemplate you for a minute . there be something you must see . veronica what the hell . you be a prepay . plug in the tv. reverend this have better be worth it . turn on the tv . ( continued ) continued : the zealot 35 . ( 2 ) reverend ( cont 'd ) what be this ? zealot the 69th sign , sir . " the dead shall rise out of the ground and they shall walk among the live and be as a foul odor liken unto overripe avocados and three day old carp which doth stink a lot . " the secret book of hemorrhoidal , verse 4 , chapter 9 . the end time be upon we . veronica oh , brother . reverend it 's fake . it have to be . zealot no , sir . reliable source tell we that they be in fact the rise child of the demon asteric the emphasize . reverend Lord protect we . zealot amen. veronica sheesh . could you leave now ? zealot be you very expensive ? veronica very . reverend leave we ! call forth the flock . I will be down in twenty minute . veronica one hour . reverend one hour. exit . ( continued ) 36 . continued : ( 3 ) veronica where be I ? reverend Little horny worm . veronica you little horny worm . reverend yes , mistress . int . backstage - day paramedics be wheeling pussy out of the dress room on a stretcher . geena and jack watch the reporter pass . geena be that pussy A. dangle ? jack kinda look like she . geena seem awfully sick . jack kinda green and water - eye . geena wow . she look much better in real life . jack definitely . aria step out of the dress room with mathias . aria we get a sound check in five minute . kinda mini preview . you might want to go back to you office . mathias why ? aria we be invite the press and some fan in . ( continued ) continued : ext . grand 37 . mathias um ... no , I wanna see . aria be you sure ? mathias no , but it 's kinda like watch a horrible car accident about to happen . I can not turn away . aria I fall that way about shopping . mathias one question . aria sure . mathias you be not dead , be you ? aria of course not . I be much worse . quignol - day the house be mobbed with reporter and fan . int . dressing room - day aria answe diabolicus rs the phone . with she in the room be dr . and the diamond dead . aria okay , okay , we be come . ( to band ) place . dr . D let 's rock and roll . bangz fuckin ' A. glitter go girl . spyder syn kick ass . ( continued ) continued : aria whatever . int . grand quignol auditorium - day 38 . the stage be in darkness . geena and jack be center front . announcer lady and gentlemen . you could smell they come from a mile away . America 's answer to skyrocket funeral cost . the most putrid band in the world . lady and gentlemen ... Dr. diabolicus and the diamond Dead . int . backstage - continuous aria be talk to one of the roadies . aria Dr. D 's hand fall off . can you find some duct tape ? int . grand quignol auditorium - day the band appear on -stage rise out of explode grave , and begin to play . song : " johnnys song " : the band int . white house oval office - day the president be talk to the CIA director president goddamit , simm . you simply must keep I appraise of situation like this . you be the CIA director for chrissake . we have blow up all the third world country that annoy we , it 's not like you have a lot to do . if the dead be rise from the grave , I want to know about it . need I remind you of the secret directive refer to the topeka incident of 1969 ? simm the topeka massacre be collective Intelligence experiment . that zomby be drool vegetable . ( more ) larry simm . ( continued ) 39 . continued : simm ( cont 'd ) this band appear to be a group of think individual . president they look like a pile of hair and wrinkle . how can you tell the difference ? american policy on reanimate corpse have be well establish . simm yes sir . president people can not simply refuse to rot like honest Americans . we have get problem : overpopulation , sanitation . oh God , the smell ! be zomby citizen , alien , or more republican ? what about tax social program ? if this spread ... simm I will get man in the field right away . president you damn well better , you spooky ass son of a bitch . a aide enter . aide Oklahoma , sir . reverend Jimmy scrugg on line one . president shit . what do that Bible thumping bastard want ? simm I will be at CIA situation room . president ( to aide ) I will take it . ( pick up phone ) Jimmy scrugg , you old Bible thumping fire and brimstone son of a ... Baptist preacher . how the hell be you ?... yes , I be watch it ... I do not know what to tell you Jimmy ... ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 40 . ( 2 ) president ( cont 'd ) sure , but you define death . I mean technically the speaker of the House should be dead . yes , I be aware of the biblical ramification ... yes , I love God , but Jimmy . this be ntv . they be pretty huge , too I get boy in the field right now . Jimmy ? sound like you be in pain ? be that mistress Veronica I hear in the background ? tell she air force one be wait I will see she at Camp David ... ext . grand quignol parking lot - day behind the Grand quignol pussy be about to be put in the ambulance by the paramedics . her cameraman run up to she cameraman head Office call . they want to know why you be not on the story . pussy I have a heart attack , I be die . cameraman the Chairman say that if you be not ready in twenty minute , you would wish you be dead . pussy oh god. I can not . they be dead . I mean really fuck dead . cameraman the Chairman know that . he say that make they big . pussy I hate dead thing . Dead thing make I puke . cameraman so barf . I do not think it matter . just get the interview or you be axed . pussy God help I . pussy pull the i.v. out of she arm . ( continued ) 41 . continued : paramedic I would not advise that . pussy neither would I ... show business suck . int . grand quignol auditorium - day the diamond dead be on stage . a roadie run out with dr . D 's hand and a roll of duct tape . DR. D talk to the audience while the roadie re-attach he hand . dr . D I would like to dedicate this next song to all you necrophiliacs out there . glitter amen . dr . D if it be not for filthy pervert like you , we would never get laid . song : " necrophilia " : the band ext . grand quignol - day the line in front be huge . concession booth line the street as salesmen hawk they ware . 1st hawker Dead meat ! get you dead meat for sale ! Real old dead meat ! putrid raw mottle carrion . Dead meat ! 2nd hawker t-shirt , jacket , ballcap , do - it yourself embalm kit , tour book ! 3rd hawker funeral plot , gravestone , mausoleum , and sepulcher . 4th hawker mummify pet : cat , dog , snake and gerbil . two thousand year old bosom companion . ( continued ) continued : 42 . 5th hawker suicide pact . hit man for hire . visit the afterlife on a dazzle transdimensional pleasure cruise . twenty day of eternal bliss . reanimation guarantee . int . backstage wing - day aria unsli she start int . grand ngs she guitar and sit down next to pussy . aria so , what do you think ? pussy I do not see how this be possible . they be dead . they reek formaldehyde . how can it be ? aria part magic , part science , mostly bullshit . it 's all so fabulously decadent , be not it . pussy it 's disgusting . aria ( watch for she cue ) you do not want to miss this . this be where Dr. D spit maggot at the audience . pussy oh , please , Jesus ! to puke again . quignol auditorium - day dr . D spray the audience with a ridiculous excess of slime and maggot . int . backstage wing - day aria look down to pussy pass out on the floor . aria wimp . 43. int . grand quignol auditorium - day geena and jack sit in the front row be drench in maggot and slime . jack pluck a maggot from he face . jack look , geena , real live maggot . geena be you sure ? that look like a meal worm to I . jack nope . that 's a maggot . geena I do not think so . jack it restore my faith in american advertising . Real live maggot . cool. int . average american home - day the teenager be on the phone to a friend . teenager whoa ! dude ! Real live maggot . cool !... Nah , they be not meal worm . Real live maggot ! int . grand quignol auditorium - day dr . D smile sheepishly at the now -soak audience . dr . D miss anyone ? audience no . another angle mathias be stand at the back of the theatre , cover in slime . mathias I be definitely be set up . 44 , ext . the holy church of good intention - day the church be build between the foot of the giant Jesus statue . the front of the church brackete by Jesus 's big toe on either side . int . the holy church of good intention - continuous a television sit on a pedestal , show do . d spew maggot . suddenly , the tv be smashed by a twenty pound sledgehammer . reverend scrugg throw the sledgehammer to one side , and return to the pulpit . his congrehgation be not see he be ian a television studio . and the response be can . reverend Brothers and sister , that be the scene at the Grand quignol theatre . truly the end time be upon we . for the Bible say , " the Devil walk among we . " and , yea , though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death , I shall fear no evil . the Devil have come , brother and sister , and he 's one big sneaky son of a bitch . the dead walk the Earth . frankly , dear sinner , I feel a completely reactionary , knee - jerk , ignorant , fanatical outburst of violence be necessary to trod the serpent underfoot ! " praise the Lord ? " V. o.flock praise the Lord . ext . trailer park day . int trailer Day Day a stupid look fat redneck watch scrugg on tv while drink a beer . reverend it be write that the meek shall inherit the Earth but who want this dirtball if it 's crawl with rotting cadaver . not I ! flock amen ! ( continued ) continued : 45 . reverend oh , no ! not I ! V. 0 . flock amen ! redneck burrrrrp ! amen. reverend we must stamp out this evil . we must crush this fester blemish on the Earth between we two finger of justice and watch as the yellow pus of evil squirt high and splat ooze down the mirror of pure crystal goodness . flock 0000h , yuck ! reverend I feel the right swift hand of vengeance move in I . I be he terrible swift sword . we must cut off the leave hand of darkness to spite we face . the diamond Dead be messenger of death . we be soldier of life . let we cause violent death so that we may be reward for we life - affirm murder . we shall rebury the bury once and re-kill the already dead . flock what ? reverend praise the Lord . flock praise the Lord ! redneck praise the lord . reverend hallelujah ! flock hallelujah ! ( continued ) 46 . continued : ( 2 ) redneck hallelujah redneck ( cont 'd ) edna get my _= shootin iron the preacher havin a holy war and I 's goin out to shoot I some sissy fruit . reverend turn to page 134 in you hymnal and make a joyous noise unto the Lord . song : " the battle hymn of reverend scrugg " : scrugg reverend ( cont 'd ) " Vengeance be mine , sayeth the Lord , " but mindless slaughter be for everybody , sayeth i. amen ! int . grand quignol stage - day mathias be on he hand and knee clean up where diabolicus have puke he maggot . he be wear a rubber apron , safety yellow clean glove and a air filter mask . aria enter . aria you want to see I . mathias I be not sure . aria the press love the sound check . we be go to make a kill . the band love this place . I think we could book a week here , easy . mathias I do not think so . aria why not ? mathias because I be gonna kill myself as soon as I be aware enough to feel it . ( continued ) continued : 47 . aria why ? mathias maggot , dead man , slime all over my theatre , haunt hearse reporter everywhere , femme fatale rock woman , too much coffee , not enough sleep , mucus cover clothes , caffeine sugar shock , thorazine , too much weirdness cerebral hemorrhage , sexual frustration , genuine terror , large mound of ... aria stop already . you be babbling . mathias be I ? aria I know we be a lot to take all at once . it 's the way we be . excess be best . shock appeal and all that P. T. barnum kind of stuff . mathias it work . I be shocked . aria I be sorry . it 's all in fun , honest . it 's rock and roll . mathias do I look like I be have fun ? I be miserable . this be more than rock and roll . I do not know what it be but it 's weird and it 's messy and I think it 's blecky . yuck ! what 's go on here , aria ? who be this guy ? where do you come from ? aria oh , thank God . mathias what ? ( continued ) 48 . continued : ( 2 ) aria I have be dread the awkward setup for a flashback sequence but you get we over it like a pro . mathias thanks . aria well , it all start in 1976 ... start flashback : ext . hollywood STREET - night a dilapidate vw microbus drive through the LA warehouse district at outlandish speed . the radio be blast " generation landslide " by Alice Cooper . the bus turn a corner , and roar onto a dirt road toward a abandon garment factory . the place be board up . " unsafe and condemn " sign be tack up everywhere . the W skid to a halt in front of the building , raise a huge cloud of dust . the door open and the band , now alive , step out they begin to unload they equipment . aria climb on the roof of she bus and sit cross -legge , watch . dr . D be not you gonna help ? aria fuck you . dr . D Fine . fuck you . he snatch a amp from the back of the bus . glitter do we suck last night , or be I the only one ducking bottle ? bangz we suck . we always suck . if it be not for we consistent suckiness , we would not have any consistency at all . glitter do you think the Beatles suck when they start out ? ( continued ) continued : 49 . bangz no. glitter really ? bangz the Beatles be a genetic experiment conduct by m.i.5 to boost the british economy . they be mutant musician , breed for they musical ability and cuteness factor . we can not compete with that . glitter I be depressed . spyder turn to Dr. D. spyder syn ( look to cause trouble ) aria 's piss . glitter piss gypsy be bad juju , D . they have special power . dr . D fuck you both . bangz be all this swear absolutely necessary ? spyder syn kiss my ass , you puritanical limey . dr . D fuck you , bangz . glitter yeah , fuck off . dr . D c'mon , let 's get this shit unload . the guy start unload the bus . they begin walk away with they arm full . aria realize she 's be ignore and jump down from the bus . ( continued ) 50 . continued : ( 2 ) aria you son of a bitch ! aria pick up a rock and hit Dr. D in the back of the head . dr . D Son of a bitch ! aria ( fuming ) you call I a groupie . I be not you fuck groupie . glitter you do , D. I hear you . dr . D my head ! aria what head ? the only head you use be suffocating in you pants . glitter you really can not call she a groupie . dr . D alright . you be not no fuck groupie . sorry . I be a asshole . aria if I be not a groupie , what the hell be I do hang around this piece of shit garage band ? dr . D aw , c'mon , aria . I apologize . spyder syn not this again . aria I wanna play . dr . D aria , please . we have have a shitty night . we get stiffe on the door . we blow a amp . spyder get the clap from Laura . ( continued ) continued : 51 . ( 3 ) spyder syn I do ? glitter she tell we last night . spyder syn that bitch . dr . D ... and he just find out he knock up another chick . spyder syn God , I be a creep . dr . D we now know that we music suck accord to today 's paper . Nixon be in the White House . disco be at its height . and all this diffuse soft focus light they be use in this scene do not help my headache . aria sweetie , I would like to go inside and get kill in peace . be that okay with you ? aria be angry to the point of tear as Dr. D and the band turn they back on she and enter the factory . aria you prick ! she sit down on a equipment case and begin to cry softly . glitter stop at the door , set down he arm load of equipment and walk back to the bus . he sit down next to she . glitter how old be you , aria ? aria what do that have to do with anything ? glitter well , D 's almost forty . he 's scared he 's too old for rock . aria that 's stupid . ( continued ) 52 . continued : ( 4 ) glitter maybe . maybe not . Point be : you remind he of how old he be . aria so , I be fuck . be that what you be say ? all I want be to be a part . glitter either he stop aging or you get older . otherwise I do not think you two will ever get along . spyder stick he head out of the door . spyder syn hey , glitter , bangz get a new " rupture subwoofer . " it 's fuck huge . glitter ( to aria ) be you come ? aria shake she head . glitter stand up . glitter ( cont 'd ) take care . glitter walk into the building . aria light a cigarette . aria all man deserve to die . song : " this girl can rock ! " : aria int . basement - night the band live in a typical squatter camp except for the band equipment and the huge " rupture subwoofer " amp that dominate one side of the room . the band stand in front of the monolithic sound monster , look up in awe . dr . D that thing look scary . spyder syn it be scary . ( continued ) continued : bangz I see a " rupture subwoofer " kill a squirrel at that Rolling Stones show in Berkeley . the poor little blighter explode . I do not think we should use it outside . I do not want to kill any animal , okay ? the band look at one another . dr . D whoa . kill a squirrel . spyder syn we could cause serious damage to ourselves . not to mention the danger to the audience . glitter destroy we hearing , induce seizure , wreck we equilibrium . shorten we life by decade . bangz the who do not have one . glitter really ? bangz just the Stones and we . dr . D crank it ! song : " pissed off " : the band ( a very fast punk rock piece of shit ) . ext . factory - night aria stand outside , alone . she smashes out she cigarette and begin throw the band 's equipment out of she car . aria fuck they ! she get into she car and start it . aria ( cont 'd ) I do not need they . they need I ! ( continued ) 54 . continued : slam the car in gear , she speed away . suddenly skid the bus 180 degree and stop look through she windshield at the band equipment lie in the dirt , a evil smile cross she face . she stamp on the gas pedal and drive toward the equipment . the bus hit the pile destroy everything . int . basement - night as the band play , plaster be fall off the wall . Glass be explode everywhere . the band member have trickle of blood run out of they ear and nose . ext . factory - night the building 's window explode , the foundation be shaking . int . basement - night dr . D ( yell in spyder 's ear ) turn it down ! spyder syn what ? dr . D turn it down ! with pantomime , he indicate what he want . spyder syn turn it up ? dr . D what ? spyder walk over to the amp and turn it to ten . ext . factory - night aria drive away , unaware that the entire building have collapsed . end of flashback int . mathias ' office - day mathias be behind he desk . aria face he . ( continued ) continued : aria lean 55 . mathias hmmm ... jeez , I think I be the only person to have a subwoofer near death experience . aria it 's more common than you think . mathias so , do you love this diabolicus dude ? aria do not matter . he do not love I , so fuck it . mathias good . aria good ? mathias well ... um ... I be not above exploit a break heart for my own personal gain . aria really ? mathias look at I . I have to take advantage wherever I can . just watch ... I respect you , aria . I think that any guy who would snob you be a asshole and a cyclopean jerk . you be incredible . aria hey , that 's pretty good . what do you do next ? mathias I do not know . I have never get it right before . I do not have a clue . forward and kiss he . aria how ' bout that ? ( continued ) 56 . continued : ( 2 ) mathias wow . this thing seem to have its own momentum . they kiss again . aria wave she hand distractedly the light go out . song : " crash - test dummy in love " : aria and mathias grand quignol parking lot - day the paramedics pack up they stuff . spyder syn be sit on a close dumpster , crouch like a gargoyle . a cheerleader run up to one of the paramedics in hysterics . cheerleader Pump my stomach ! Pump my stomach ! paramedic why ? bad acid ? overdose ? what ? cheerleader I swallow a maggot . paramedic oh God ! that 's gross . get away from I . cheerleader it be a live maggot ! paramedic go away ! gag ! it be probably a meal worm . puke ! the paramedic climb in the ambulance and drive off . cheerleader help I ! spyder syn - good puppet can I be of assistance ? cheerleader that ambulance just leave I . spyder syn - bad puppet sit down next to we . spyder syn - good puppet what 's wrong ? ( continued ) continued : 57 . cheerleader I swallow a live maggot . I do not mean to . spyder syn - bad puppet oh ... that could be tricky . spyder syn - good puppet male or female ? cheerleader I do not know . why ? spyder syn - bad puppet you do not want to know . spyder syn - good puppet it 's probably nothing . cheerleader what ?! what ?! spyder syn - bad puppet then , again , it could be serious . spyder syn - good puppet we should not alarm she . cheerleader what ? tell I ! spyder syn - bad puppet it 's just that certain species of maggot be tougher than other . they can be a bitch to kill . some maggot be bear gravid . spyder syn - good puppet it 's very rare . spyder syn - bad puppet true . but not unheard of . cheerleader what 's gravid mean ? spyder syn - good puppet pregnant . cheerleader huh ? ( continued ) continued : 58 . ( 2 ) spyder syn - bad puppet thousands of baby . spyder syn - good puppet all carnivorous . cheerleader really ? spyder syn - bad puppet when the egg hatch , the maggot start eat they way out spyder syn - good puppet and lay more egg . cheerleader oh my God ! oh my God ! spyder syn - bad puppet I can help you . cheerleader really . thank - you . how ? spyder syn - good puppet extraction . spyder syn - bad puppet painful , but it 's the only way to be sure . cheerleader be you a doctor ? spyder syn - bad puppet better . spyder syn - good puppet much better . cheerleader help I . spyder syn - good puppet lie down here . spyder syn - bad puppet trust we . spyder pull out a doctor 's bag and open it . Inside be a huge autopsy needle and syringe . ( continued ) continued : 59 . ( 3 ) cheerleader what 's that for ?! spyder syn - bad puppet this ? nothing . nothing at all . spyder syn - good puppet could you please lift you shirt and try to breathe normally ? cheerleader what 's go on here ? spyder syn - good puppet we be go to extract . spyder syn - bad puppet you might feel a slight sensation of be impale and then be eviscerate slowly . spyder syn - good puppet it 's only temporary . the cheerleader run for she life , scream . glitter walk by spyder and stop to watch the girl run away . glitter that be sick . spyder syn - good puppet please , leave we alone . spyder syn - bad puppet can not you see we be upset ? spyder syn - good puppet lose a patient be hard to take . ext . grand quignol roof - day death look down on spyder talk to glitter . death ah ... the diamond Dead ... ext . airport - day reverend jimmy scrugg and he follower march down the concourse . scrugg and he number one zealot lead the way . ( continued ) continued : 60 . zealot we eta 's one hour . reverend that 's mighty fine . we shall hunt down the vile serpent and burn they in they own de . zealot I do not think that would be wise . reverend why ? the Lord be with we . zealot a thousand rabid diamond Dead fan might object to we immolate they heroes right in front of they . reverend " the Lord be my shepherd . " he will protect we . zealot the good book also say , " thy rod and thy staff shall comfort thee . " reverend truly , brother . what do you suggest ? zealot let 's buy some rod . reverend hmmm . zealot billy Bob 's 24 hour Christian gun shop be two block from the Grand quignol theatre . billy Bob have serve we church 's assault weapon need for twenty year . reverend thou art truly a man of God , brother . zealot thank -you , reverend , I try. 61. ext . adult sex store - day agent simm enter , stop at the door to make sure that nobody be watch . int . adult sex store - continuous simm make he way to the back of the store . on the wall be big rubber butt . simm reach out with both hand and grab the ass . a section of the floor beneath he descend . int . CIA - close on door - day a sign read : " CIA super - secret hush -hush black room . " int . CIA super - secret hush -hush black room - continuous the chair be fill with men in gray suit look at simm , who preside at the head of the table . simm it 's not a simple situation . we can not handle it with S. 0 . B. this guy have go high profile . agent 1 a accident ? simm consider , reject . next ? agent 2 have you consider the obvious military application . reanimate corpse can not die twice . simm aw , c'mon , agent 2 . the destructive power of modern weaponry make skin and bone into guacamole . reanimate hamburger be useless . can not you just see some grieve mother in Ohio think she son 's come home from the war and instead she find twenty pound of wiggling rump roast sit on she doorstep ? bad p.r. , gentleman . agent 2 sorry , sir . ( continued ) 62 . continued : simm we have no choice . we have get to call in we best operative . the agent all gasp in horror simm press a button . the center of the table open up and veronica vinyl rise . simm ( cont 'd ) agent mistress Veronica vinyl . all the agent oooooh ! song : " on you knee bitch ! " : veronica veronica oh , stop drool . you will get spit on my pump . veronica begin to sing . the agent become she backup boy . strip down into reveal chippendale dancer like physique . one wall of the room open up revealing a large interrogation chamber . full of high tech torture device . the scene change and the semi nude dancer be now bound into the device as veronica activate they one by one . she press a button on one and it become a spanking machine . anouther have some kind strange hose device attach to the dancer pelvis . the dancer be moan in ecstasy until veronica throw a swith and the man scream in pain as a large lump be see slide down the hose . from he pelvis . one by one she demonstrate each interrogation device while sing until ...... end_ song simm agent mistress vinyl . have you be brief ? veronica I read the file . and do not speak unless you be speak to . simm yes , agent V ... I mean , agent mistress Veronica vinyl . ( continued ) 63 . continued : ( 2 ) veronica make sure there 's a jet helicopter wait to take I directly to the theatre . I want you all to know that I be very displease with you . agent sorry , agent mistress vinyl . veronica ( point to simm ) particularly you ! you have be very bad . simm do not beat I , agent mistress vinyl ! do not beat I ! veronica ha ! you wish . simm press a button and veronica descend into the table . simm I actually feel sorry for that boy . int . grand quignol GREEN room - night the band be sit around play card . bangz Fucking road . Fucking gig . Fucking road . Fucking suck . glitter ( look over he flush ) you have get a bust hand , do not you , sweetie . bangz Fucking card . you and you fuck poker face . glitter it 's call rigor mortis . bangz I fuck fold . 64 . int . mathias ' office - day aria and mathias be smoking in bed . mathias be naked except for the yellow clean glove . he look stunne . aria see . no disaster , no weirdness ... mathias I know , weird , be not it ? aria you be impossible . mathias I mean , usually when I start to have a good time , the universe retaliate a lot quick technically , I should not have be able to get my shoe off before I get whacked . aria maybe you luck be change . mathias or maybe the universe be set I up for a big one . aria how do you get in the theatre business ? mathias I use to write music review until I flip out . one night I find myself drunk and dance on the roof of Alice Cooper 's tour bus , naked , sing " bear free " with a filipino transvestite name dwight . aria whoa ! mathias I quit the magazine next day and move here . tell I about you band . aria Fine . what do you want to know ? ( continued ) continued : 65 . mathias why do spyder wear a mask ? aria nobody know except bangz , and he 's not talk . mathias why ? aria bangz use to be the sweetest guy until he see what spyder look like under the mask . he just crack . mathias really ? aria now bangz just curse and swear and hate everything . whatever he see must have be bad . mathias what about spyder . aria spyder 's all right . he only talk through he puppet . a touch evil , but on the whole a nice guy . he work out he problem with he puppet . a man who wear sock puppet can not be that dangerous . mathias be you sure ? aria mostly sure . mathias what about diabolicus ? aria I do not want to talk about he . maybe later . mathias glitter , then ? ( continued ) continued : 66 . ( 2 ) aria Real sweetheart , but a real screamer in the gender department it 's a shame , too , because he 's beautiful . mathias ugh ! they be mummy . aria I know , but my dad be a mortician . after a while , that kind of warp ya . I know everybody do not share my taste but fuck em . I think they be unique . mathias I guess that 's true . personally disturbing , but true . aria it 's a damn shame they die , though . still , now that they be dead , I like they more . mathias you sure be odd , aria . aria thank - you . mathias how do they become reanimate ? aria after the building they squatted in collapse , I just kind of leave they there . nobody know they be down there , so I figure one grave be as good as another . every year on Halloween I go there and leave flower on the rubble ... start flashback . ext . factory ruins - night the Moon be rising over the crumble cement block and twisted steel . overgrown by weed , the place look kind of like a ancient cemetery after a earthquake . aria , now older , climb over the cement block , carry a bouquet of rose . she lay the rose on the ground and step back . ( continued ) 67 . continued : aria I miss you guy . int . factory ruins basement - continuous the old television turn itself on . the test pattern appear and then diabolicus ' face . ext . factory - continuous aria this whole thing be not fair . we do not have enough time . I do not tell you when you be alive because you be such a arrogant self absorb asshole , but I love you , diabolicus . int . factory ruins basement - continuous diabolicus be on the tv screen . dr . D I be not a arrogant self - absorb asshole . ext . factory ruins - continuous aria I really need you . I need all of you guy . int . factory ruins basement - continuous dr . D I need you . ext . factory ruins - continuous aria sit down among the rubble , think to herself . behind she a ;arge black clothe be blow in the wind through the rubble it become tangle with red ribbon . the Black cloth engulf red ribbon and the the two tatter fabric morph into a rough death like shape . the black cloth form the rober for death and the ribbon become the body face and hand beneath . the feature be particially obscuredby cloth but one leer very human eye can be see in the shadow and fabric fold . death ( he talk a lot like foghorn leghorn . ) ( more ) ( continued ) 68 . continued : death ( cont 'd ) I say , I say . strange place for flower . she do not bother to look up . aria I suppose . death I say , I wonder if you can help , mar 'am . direction - wise , that be . aria huh ? aria turn around but do not seem to be bother by the apparition . death I be look for soul . four long - hair hippie type . look like girl on the wrong end of the ugly stick . death look down at a small flower grow amongst the rubble . hisw hand unravel into ribbon tendril and touch the flower . the flower become animated , start shudder make gag sound , then keel over and die . aria pardon I . death I say , I be look for soul . stiff . dirtnapper . Corpus delectia in the post humus sense . dig the wax out yer ear , mar 'am . I be talkin' English , be not I ? aria point downward . aria down there . death well . baste my butt and call I vittle . I do declare , that 's more diggin ' than a man oughta do in my condition . aria who be you ? ( continued ) continued : 69 . ( 2 ) death I be a death , mar 'am . mortis extermis , esq . my card . aria a death ? death that 's what I say . my mouth be movin ' so I must be talkin' . I say , mar 'am , pay attention , ya may learn somethin' . Hair - brain female . they blonde hair must be ticklin ' you brain box . can not think straight . aria you be pretty rude for a escape science experiment . death I say , I say . I 'ma slave to my nature . grim reaper-wise , that be . aria so , morty , what do you mean , a death . death spot a spider crawl over a block of cement . he grab it in he ribbon bug ( in a high pitch scream ) help I help meeeeeeeeee ! ugh ! the bug die and death discard it . death well , statistically - wise , there 's a million way to die . that there 's a fact . mortality - wise . lot of people croak every day . logistically - wise . one death can not handle the load . be you follow I here ? aria in a kind of abstract apathetic sort of way . ( continued ) continued : 70 . ( 3 ) death I say , I say . this be higher education for the lower interred . I say , I say . I keep pitchin ' em and you keep missin ' em . aria alright , already . death World need more than one death . make life interesting . keeps ya hoppin ' . I say , I say . I 'ma specialist , mar 'am . aria oh yeah . death ( aside ) pretty girl . but she seem to have a problem with the big word . I specialize in death by freak accident . I move unseen through the world and I arrange bizarre and incredibly stupid way to die . aria like death by rupture subwoofer death I say , I say . give the girl a apple and bounce she on the teacher 's lap . aria if you move unseen , how come I can see you ? death you be a gypsy . a con man ina skirt and some knockout pect . ya can not fool a gypsy with a cheap gag like that . gypsy eye squint , they never close . aria so , what be you do here ? death I say . mop up , mostly . balance account . dot my i's . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 71 . ( 4 ) death ( cont 'd ) get my duck in a row . kill some time . I come here when I get a chance . I can not have four soul unaccount for . it 's very unusual for soul to stay under for that long . they be like lumpy gravy . they usually float to the top before the meat go bad . aria all I can tell ya , mort , be they be down there somewhere . death that bite . I say , I say . you would not happen to have a shovel ? aria no . death I say . never mind . I give up . gonna sit here and snuff some bug . you wanna job ? I quit . I need a break . I need to get laid . horizontal - braille wise , that be . aria you need a break ? death I say , I say . who 's gonna give I one , I ask in mock ignorance and a general air of forebode . aria how ' bout I ? death you ? why I do declare I think I may laugh if it do not jostle my coaxis so much . aria c'mon . why not ? I be between job , I hate office , I work cheap , I like to travel , I have my own car . I 'ma real people person . I be slightly immoral and I temper all discussion with a nihilistic anticipation of general disaster . ( continued ) continued : ( 5 ) 72 . death lean against a tree and a half dozen bird fall off the branch hit the ground dead . death I say , I say . that 's right neighborly of you . aria hey , what the hell . beat sittin ' on my ass . death it 's a awesome responsibility . aria so 's voting . death I say , I say . there 's power that go with the title . aria a perk ! cool . death take this scythe . deaht reach inside the fold of himself and pull a sythe from bowel he hand she he scythe . aria what kind of power ? death life and death . forward , reverse . there 's a switch on the side of the handle that read : " forward " and " reverse . " aria rad ! death alright little miss spooky pants . I say here 's what I be gonna do . I will give you a trial time period to see if ya get what it take to be a reaper . you have one year . on all hallow eve when the clock strike the hour of the wolf . that 's midnight eastern standard time . ( more ) ( continued ) 73. continued : ( 6 ) death ( cont 'd ) if you have not meet you quota by then you forfeit you own soul and all that that you value and that who ever know you . you and all that you love will be erase from existence . I know its a high pressure job but that 's a standard employment condition in the afterlife . death begin to walk away . death ( cont 'd ) I say . I say . I appreciate this . have fun . do not kill anyone I would not kill . knock yourself out . mortality - wise , that be . death walk up behind a alley cat sleep on the cement . aria hey ! where ya goin ' ? death touch the cat 's tail . the cat shriek and leap straight up in the air . and die . deaht blow away on the wind the cat fall to the ground behind he . death I be go to bed . thanks , babe . ( to himself . ) Nice girl , but a little on the creepy side . death depart . aria sit down on a concrete block and stare at the scythe in she lap . the Moon rise behind she . int . factory ruins basement - night dr . D listen intently to the silence inside he television world . ext . factory ruins - night aria stand up and lift the scythe over she head . song : " incantation " : aria int . factory ruins basement - continuous dr . D look up , anticipate something . 74 . ext . factory ruins - continuous the sky blacken with storm cloud . lightn strike explode around aria . she lower the scythe to the ground and hit the reverse switch . int . factory ruins basement - continuous Dr. D suddenly look terrify . dr . D oh shit . ext . factory ruins - continuous a blue arc of electricity explode from the scythe slashing to the ground . int . factory ruins basement - continuous the arc blast through the ceiling and directly into the tv. the tv explode and the arc flash from the destroy screen and into dr . D 's lifeless corpse . the electrical arc then split and touch each of the mummy , who begin to jerk around violently . ext . factory - continuous aria turn off the scythe . she wait quietly , listen . a few foot away , the ground erupt and Dr. diabolicus ' arm begin to claw its way free from the ground . slowly the other free themselves . spyder wear a bag over he head as they shamble up to aria . she shoulder she scythe like a rifle . aria hello , boy . I miss ya . end of flashback ext . grand quignol parking lot - night reverend scrugg and the flock be stand in the parking lot . reverend Brothers and sister , we stand before God , humble this night . for we know we do he work . thus save we direct consultation . ( more ) ( continued ) 75 . continued : reverend ( cont 'd ) and yea though we carry no sword of justice , we can carry the AK 47 of righteousness . at jimmy be foot be two case of machine gun . reverend ( cont 'd ) line up , brother and sister , and receive thy communion . the reverend grab the first rifle and slam in a clip . reverend ( cont 'd ) God bless America ! int . grand quignol GREEN room - night the poker game wear on . glitter what be it like for you , d? dying , I mean ? you know , the first time ... not include bad gig . dr . D I do not know . it be kinda spiritual . bangz the fuck afterlife bite . spyder syn - good puppet mine suck , too . dr . D I remember the white light and so I go in . bangz Fucking hurt my eye . spyder syn - bad puppet I see that too . bangz fuck , man . I do not go in . this fuckin ' prick wear a fuckin ' sheet stop I and fuckin ' say , " you can not fuckin ' go that way . musician have to use the fuckin ' back door . " 76 . ext . heaven back door - night a dirty alleyway with dumpster full of garbage . a couple angel with wing , wear hair net sneak a smoke break and share a brown paper bag . bangz walk up to the door . over the door be a sign that say " Heaven back entrance . employee only . " bangz stand in a long line people wait to get in . lawyer with brief case , politician , movie star , parking enforcement officer . bangz take he place in line , sigh deeply . int . grand quignol - night glitter yeah , they try that line with I , but I tell they I be the caterer . it be so beautiful : all fluffy cloud and star . it look just like my senior prom . heaven day angel be loung around on cloud and contemplate God . glitter , in he robe and wing and rhinestone halo , stand on he cloud and let loose with a harp solo , sing at the top of he lung . the angel stare at he . glitter ( sing ) bee and as we wind on down the road ! we shadow taller than we soul . there walk a lady we all know , who shine white light .... and .... want to bee show ... ee eevee he stop sing . glitter ( cont 'd ) what ?! its stairway to heaven . led Zepplin ....... what ?...... fine ( to himself ) and shes buy a stairway t.... angel shhhhh ! glitter ( whisper ) beens to heaven ( continued ) 77 . continued : angel ssh ! int . grand quignol GREEN room - night spyder syn - good puppet how do you get in , D ? heaven - day diabolicus in he leather and Black sabbath T-shirt be walk in heaven , smoking a cigarette . Dr. D stop a pass angel . dr . D ganja ? the angel ignore he pointedly . Dr. D continue . he approach jesus , who look androgynous and holy . dr.d ( v.0 . ) I do not know . they be not look , I guess . anyway , I see Jesus up ahead , so I stop . glitter ( v.0 . ) you see Jesus ? bangz ( v.0 . ) whoa ! dr . D ( v.0 . ) I say " hey ! " , and he say -- jesus hey ! dr . D ( v.0 . ) and we talk . spyder syn ( v.0 . ) what do you talk about ? dr . D ( v.0 . ) all sort of shit . he be cool . he just want to shoot the shit . 78 . heaven - day dr . D hey Jesus dude , I be a big fan . Love that stuff with the crucifixion and resurrection . you know how to play to the cheap seat ! jesus thanks .......00. hey listen you get any roll papers ? dr . D sure . you get any smoke ? jesus do not tell dad . dr . D it 's cool . int . grand quignol - day spyder syn - good puppet you smoke a bowl with the Son of God ? that rock ! what be he like ? dr . D kinda like a rastafarian elvis . kinda like Annie lennox . glitter not like that gory 3d picture with eye that pop out at ya ? dr . D Nah ! one thing he tell be kinda cool . heaven day - day jesus and dr.d be get toast . they be lie on the grass stare up at the star , pass the joint . jesus can I tell you something man . I like you man . I like all you fuck up rock and roll guy . ( continued ) continued : int . grand 79 . dr . D hey I dig you too man . if I be gay ...... well I be not but ..... hey ! Jesus be just alright with I ! jesus thanks m ' dude . you wanna know the truth . I really do not give a shit about straight and 9 - 5 - er . I think most bible-humper be fuck up poser . ; bangz ( v.0 . ) fuckin ' A. jesus I like hang with the fuck -up . people who fuck up be the people who be learn the most . DR. D hey dude , do not bogart the joint . jesus sorry . quignol GREEN room - day spyder syn - good puppet sorry I miss that . bangz hmmm ? fuckin ' cool . dr . D I guess we be suppose to fuck up . if you do everything right , you do not score any point . bangz I guess I be a fuck genius then . glitter and I be mother theresa . dr . D it 's weird . you would think a guy like I would end up in Hell . I mean , Heaven do not exactly fit with the image . ( continued ) 80 . continued : spyder syn - good puppet I remember fall . spyder syn - bad puppet falling and fall . spyder syn - good puppet and the light keep get bigger and bigger . outer space - night spyder be fall through the eternal darkness towards the light . as the light get bigger the and the celestial choir get louder spyder shoot past it , hurtle into outer space . the light and the choir recede into red shift and the doppler effect . spyder syn ( v.0 . ) but I miss . dr . D ( v.0 . ) what do you mean you miss ? int . grand quignol GREEN room - day spyder syn - good puppet shot right past it . I go hurtle into outer space . bangz Holy fuck ! dr . D what happen ? spyder syn - bad puppet I do not know how to say this but there 's something out there . it life beyond the light . outer space - night spyder 's body fly uncontrolled towards a giant mass in space . as it get closer we see it be a kind of giant maggot with tear set of moth wing and row of talone writhe appendage . it be easily a hundred mile long . it glow with a eerie purple radiation . dr . D ( v.0 . ) what do it look like ? ( continued ) 81 . continued : spyder ( v.0 . ) it 's not the Devil . this thing be worse . it look like evil . it look like all the evil in the whole universe . Black and bloat , all fester and cancerous , and as big as the milky way . bangz ( v.0 . ) fuckin ' rush limbaugh , dude ! glitter ( v.0 . ) shut up , bangz . the creature body be line with giant sphere - like eye . as spyder drift helplessly , the thing nictate eye open revealing a swirl black tempest of radiation that envelope spyder be body as he scream in agony . spyder syn ( v.0 . ) I guess the thing eat whatever soul miss the light . int . grand quignol GREEN room - day spyder syn - good puppet it could not see I , and this thing and I just float there together . as long as I do not move , I be safe . I could not get away from it or the black radiation that come off it . I could feel the stuff change I . warping I ... I could not stop it . dr . D that why you wear a mask ? spyder syn - bad puppet small price to pay for you eternal soul . I get call back so I guess it pay off . glitter sorry , spyder . dr . D hard . bangz yeah , fuckin ' big boob bummer ( continued ) continued : 82 . dr . D it will not happen again . bangz next time we fuckin ' croak , we fuckin ' croak together . glitter ... and we fuckin ' stick together all the way . dr . D all for one ! bangz yeah . all for one ... and ... all for one ! fuckin ' a! glitter well say , bangz . dr . D c'mon . let 's go find the beer truck . bangz I do not wanna fuckin ' go ! glitter I do not drink . spyder syn - good puppet I be gonna cruise the babe . dr . D shit ! int . mathias ' office - day aria and mathias be dress . mathias be look even more terrify bed . than usual . he be curl in a fetal ball on the aria aw , come - on ya big sissy . why be you freak out now ? be it because of the whole get kill thing ? because you know I ? it 's nothing . mathias nothing ?! nothing ! tonight be all hallow eve , aria . ( more ) ( continued ) 83. continued : mathias ( cont 'd ) tonight death be come here to kill you and I and everybody else . special emphasis on I . here . I do not want to die aria . aria oh for the goddess sake Mathias have a little faith in I do not be like diabolicus that piss I off . I be Lady death here , Mathias . I have raise the dead . that 's no little trick that 's big time biblical hoodo voodoo baby . you gotta have a little faith sometime Mathias in somebody . mathias ok . you right . aria what ? mathias you right . aria say it one more time . mathias I say you be right . why be you make I say that . aria I have never hear a man say that before . that 's amazing . mathias well you right aria . I gotta trust someone . I gotta unclench my sphincter sometime . aria kiss mathias sweetly . aria you be so -o hot . mathias tell I what happen after you get the scythe ? aria the guy be pretty fuck up when I get a hold of they . ( more ) ( continued ) 84 . continued : ( 2 ) arta ( cont 'd ) death be a messy business . be seal in the dry air-less basement have make they mummy . perfectly preserve . we do , however , have some problem to overcome . there be the problem of maintain preservation ... start flashback montage int . aria' live room 1990 - day 1 ) dr . D smell he underarm and fall over backwards . aria ( V. 0 . ) . and rigor mortis . 2 ) glitter reach for the door , freeze and fall forward . aria ( V. 0 . ) ( cont 'd ) infestation ... 3 ) bangz be cover in fly , beat himself with a fly swatter . aria ( V. 0 . ) ( cont 'd ) decay ... 4 ) spyder look down he pants . glitter walk up next to he and look down he pants too . glitter hey , spyder . where 's you man monkey ? spyder look at glitter in horror . aria ( V. 0 . ) we have to act fast . first we have to remove the old internal organ and replace they with silicon gel . 5 ) Dr. D lie on a table . his stomach be split open while aria stuff he . aria ( V. 0 . ) ( cont 'd ) we need to protect the skin . so I mix up a barrel of embalmer 's lotion and flexible plastic resin . 6 ) Dr. D bathes in a barrel , wear a shower cap . ( continued ) 85 . continued : aria ( cont 'd ) unfortunately , embalmer 's lotion use synthetic female hormone to make dead skin more supple . 7 ) Dr. D look at he chest , which be now sport a pair of female breast . dr . D oh , I can not live with this at all . 8 ) glitter flaunt he new tit . glitter this be wonderful . aria ( V. 0 . ) the effect be temporary , except on glitter . glitter dance around in a dress , sing . glitter I feel pretty . oh so pretty ... int . adult sex store 1990 - day aria ( V. 0 . ) at least he be happy . the rubber suit be the hardest thing to get they to do . they think it sound tacky . aria and the band stand in a tight huddle . dr . D you do it . spyder syn - bad puppet you do it . aria not I . bangz ! bangz fuck off . glitter I will do it . glitter walk up to the counter . ( continued ) continued : glitter ( cont 'd ) Excuse I . I would like four rubber discipline suit : three with crotch flap , one with spanking hole . four pair of latex opera glove . four pair of rubber stocking . four pair of latex bad boy short : three in black and one in pink . one rubber bra ... he cup he breast in he hand . glitter ( cont 'd ) 36 c. a case of clip - on accessory . and a vinyl blow - up sheep . thank - you . int . aria' live room 1990 - day the band be sit around the room . aria ( V. 0 . ) once I have do all that I have learn from my dad and more , I turn to the band to do something for I . aria storm into the room . aria ( cont 'd ) alright . that 's it . I have have it ! this be bullshit ! you guy have not move in three day . dr . D we be dead , aria . what the fuck do dead people do ? glitter we lie around , honey . spyder syn - bad puppet we be dead . bangz fuckin ' dead . aria get out ! dr . D what ? ( continued ) continued : 87 . aria get out ! you be worthless piece of shit ! if you can not get up and take responsibility for you own death I do not want you sorry ass corpse stinking up my apartment . if you do not work , you be just a pile of dead meat ! glitter what can we do ? we can not go out in public . spyder syn - good puppet every time we do , people freak . glitter personally , my self esteem be shot . aria tough ! I have get to draw ... DR. D wait a minute ... I get a idea ! aria 's right . aria huh ? dr . D we be musician , right ? aria well ... dr . D we be a band , right ? spyder syn ( bad puppet ) a new band ? dr . D exactly ! so what we be dead ! so what we be seventeen year out of practice . so what if the last time we play keith Richards be the smartest person we know . we have get a second chance at the big time . we-are - what -america - want ! take a look at the album cover . take a look at the kid . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : 88 . ( 2 ) DR. d( cont 'd ) watch a hour of ntv . everybody busy we look already . we be dead , man ! aria be , in fact , death herself ! aria I be just " a " death , and only a temp . dr . D do not matter . we be the very heart of angst - fill , death - obsessed youth today . we in fact have to be kill to become famous . as a hippie glam band , we could not get a decent gig play a bar mitzvah ! but ! as a un - dead-hippie - retro-glam - band , we could rule the world ! fuck the seventies and what fuck might have be , the past be bury in they gold lame and platform boot ! we be the future ! the diamond Dead ! end of flashback montage int . mathias ' office - night mathias sit behind he desk . aria sit on the desk . mathias be that all true ? aria every word , except for the part I leave out . mathias like what ? aria well ... we have one other problem to overcome . mathias what 's that ? aria the diamond Dead be cannibal . mathias oh !... help . ( continued ) continued : 89 . aria do not worry . we get it mostly lick now . mathias what do you mean , mostly lick ? aria um ... mathias talk , aria , or I be go to fill the ensue silence with mindless shriek , result in a cerebral hemorrhage . aria we have a few minor incident . mathias such as ? aria we think spyder eat my landlord . mathias oh-my - God ! aria spyder will not talk about it . he be completely freak out . that 's when he start use the sock puppet . mathias oh my God . oh my God ... how do you know he do it ? aria I find some bone in the laundry room ... just a couple ... and a leave shoe . oh yeah . a pacemaker . that 's all ! mathias that 's horrible . aria my landlord be a asshole . mathias still , I mean ... I do not know what I mean . ( continued ) 90 . continued : ( 2 ) aria we solve that problem , though . mathias how ? aria Raw beef soak in synthetic human pheromone . smell like shit . mathias do it work ? aria if they eat regular . mathias and if they do not ? aria I make sure they do . it 's not they fault that they be flesh -eate zomby . it 's a handicap . mathias sure . int . backstage - night veronica vinyl raise she riding crop . she press a hide button and a antenna rise out of the handle . she look around to make sure nobody be watch . veronica ( speak into the crop ) agent vinyl report in . get I simm . ( beat ) you gutless piece of shit ! the front of the theatre be crawl with Rev. scrugg ' mindless sheep and they be not tote bible . I need backup , and I mean heavy firepower . I get a backstage pass and I do not want loony tune elmer gantrys screwing up my show . I hate mess ... be you wear the pink panty I send you ?... slut ! she hang up . ( continued ) gi. continued : veronica ( cont 'd ) I love my job . int . backstage - night dr . D , spyder and glitter sit , watch the roadies work . glitter I get a bad feel about tonight . dr . D I do not think we be experience anything that other superstar band have not go through in the past . glitter you have get to be kid ? spyder syn ( bad puppet ) I live in a constant state of dread . I like it . dr . D I do not know , man . something be not right . I will agree with that . glitter it 's you , D . that 's what 's not right here . dr . D what do you mean ? glitter you be in love . you stupid dead - neck son of a bitch ! you be too damn self absorb to see it ! spyder syn ( both puppet sing ) D and aria , sit in a tree , k - I - s-s-i -n-g. dr.d pull both of spyder 's puppet off he hand and throw they over he shoulder . spyder' puppet aaaah ! spyder look at dr.d with venom in he eye and run after they . ( continued ) continued : int . grand 92 . dr . D I have get problem , dude . glitter you get no problem . you be over that now . she love you . how many girl do you know who be willing to accept you in you particular state ? dr . D this be necrophilia you be talk . glitter what 's you point ? dr . D it make I sick to think of she touch something like I . I respect she . I want to keep it that way . glitter she do not have a problem with you . dr . D I have a problem with I . I 'ma thing , a ghost , a memory . she 's in love with a memory . glitter some memory . we life suck . maybe this be all the afterlife we get . this be we just reward . maybe , this time it can be better . we have get one more shot . dr . D maybe . quignol theater lobby - night rasputin stand talk on the walkie-talkie . rasputin no shit , aria . there 's about sixty born-again fanatic right - wing type out front . they look really piss off ... yeah . no shit . it 's that crazy rev from tv . it get worse . ( more ) ( continued ) 93 . continued : rasputin ( cont 'd ) on top of that , the american Guild of funeral director be plan to picket . they say the band be restraint of trade . it 's kind of scary out here ... one other thing , the roady want to break out the real gun ... we get to protect we audience . ext . grand quignol - night reverend scrugg stand in front of the theater , lead protester . the stick on they sign bear a great resemblance to gun stalk . the reverend grab a young fan out of the wait line . reverend have you find the Lord ? fan what do he look like , dude ? be he inside ? reverend he be the Lord of all thing . the Father of creation . he be Alpha and omega . fan hey , if I see he , I will tell he you be out here . what be he wear ? reverend I be concerned for you immortal soul , son . the Lord love you and he would not want you to go inside . fan shit . this guy must know my parent , because they be wound awful tight , too . reverend never mind . fan rock and Roll ! int . backstage - day jack and geena be talk to dr . D. ( continued ) continued : 94 . jack so , be that you real hair , or just a wig ? dr . D uh ... geena how do you pronounce you vowel without lip ? jack if you be dead , how come all you blood do not settle in you ankle ? geena have you think that as you brain decompose and turn to methane gas that the smallest spark could blow you skull apart ? jack with no circulation , how do you get a erection ? geena how come you eyeball do not shrivel up ? jack how do dead people shit ? Dr. D look around for some sort of escape from jack and geena . he spot veronica vinyl seductively stalking across the backstage area . dr . D sorry , guy . the old Doc just find the cure for what ail he . Dr. D beeline toward veronica , catch she just before she go out the exit . dr . D ( cont 'd ) hello . can I help you ? veronica I do not know . do you have a high pain tolerance ? ( continued ) continued : 95 . ( 2 ) dr . D Dead nerve diabolicus be what they call I . what do they call you besides maybe gorgeous ? veronica Veronica vinyl , but you can call I goddess . dr . D I do not know . I be a atheist . veronica I can cure that . dr . D be you for real ? veronica be you ? dr . D let 's not ruin a perfectly deprave conversation with existential paradox disguise as philosophy . veronica I agree . intellectual banter impede one 's ability to maintain a sensual sense of spontaneity , and in fact hamper positive primal instinct . dr . D it 's all such a semantic nightmare of pretense , do not you think ? veronica so do you wanna screw ? dr . D yup . veronica where ? dr . D hearse ? veronica perfect . ( continued ) 96 . continued : ( 3 ) dr . D let 's go . Dr. D and veronica exit . spyder step out of the nearby shadow . spyder syn - good puppet ummmmm . I be gonna tell . spyder syn - bad puppet do not be a snitch . spyder syn - GOD puppet Doctor diabolicus be be bad . spyder syn - bad puppet he 's work shit out . leave he alone . spyder syn - good puppet I can not . I be a creature of strict moral code . spyder syn - bad puppet you be a sock . spyder syn - good puppet that do not mean I can not aspire to be the best sock I can . spyder syn - bad puppet you be mess up . spyder syn - good puppet hey , if we tell aria , we might get a dramatic if not violent response from the whole thing . spyder syn - bad puppet really ? spyder syn - good puppet guaranteed . spyder syn - bad puppet let 's do it . spyder skip across the backstage area , sing . ( continued ) 97 . continued : ( 4 ) spyder syn ( good and bad puppet ) aria ! you will never guess what we see ! int . dressing room - night mathias and aria be together . aria have a walkie-talkie in she hand . aria be you ready to open the door ? mathias absolutely not . aria why not ? mathias I do not know . I just have this hideous feel that something hideous be go to hideously happen . aria do not be silly . life be hideous . rock and roll just fill in the gap between the monotony of day to day futility . mathias well . if you put it that way ... aria ( into walkie- talkie ) open the door , boy . int . grand quignol - night rasputin be at the door as fan stream past after be frisk by security . huge pile of contraband and weapon heap up on either side of the door : everything from drug to rocket launcher . rasputin alright . protester on the leave , ticket holder on the right . no drug , booze , knife , religious pamphlet , color , food , beverage nudity , stupid people or politician . ( more ) ( continued ) 98 . continued : rasputin ( cont 'd ) no fight , run , push jump or excessive breathe . no sex , sex guide , sex lubricant or sex deviance . no stud , spike , car key , pager , cell phone or laptop computer . most important , no gun grenade , rocket launcher , anti - personnel mine or catapult , cross - bow , sword or siege equipment . keep move . song : " the show behind the show " : rasputin rasputin ( cont 'd ) enjoy the show . ext . grand quignol parking lot - night one of the diamond Dead 's hearse be bounce violently up and down . over the squeaking of the suspension , diabolicus can be heard scream . dr . D oh my God ! oh my God ! stop ! stop ! my spine ! ouch ! I can not do that ! ouch ! ouch ! stop ! mister wiggle worm be very fragile . you will twist it off ! oh please stop ! int . backstage hallway - day aria 's voice can be heard scream inside the dress room . aria I can not believe it ! that slimy road kill son of a bitch ! the dress room door explode outward and spyder fly through the air . he land on he back . aria step over he . aria ( cont 'd ) I be gonna kill he , then I be go to reanimate he , and then I be gonna kill he again . aria exit through the backstage door . spyder syn - good puppet spectacular result . ( continued ) 99 . continued : spyder syn - bad puppet next time you wanna play with a grenade , let 's not sit on it after we pull the pin . spyder syn - good puppet Point take . mathias step through the ruin dress room door and address spyder . mathias umm ... do not you guy have to be on stage in a few minute ? spyder syn - good puppet do not you read we contract ? it state that in case of accidental re-death among the band , the show can be delay up to one hour . mathias how long do you suppose this delay may be ? spyder syn - good puppet depend on whether we get D back in one piece or several . I hate when they fight . the result can be quite disturbing . I never imagine a entire human leg could be shove up any major bodily orifice until I meet aria . mathias do not tell I anything else . tell aria . I will see she later . mathias exit , shaking he head sadly . ext . grand quignol parking lot - night Dr. D and veronica step out of the smoking interior of the car . veronica appear immaculate . Dr. D , however , look like hell , dishevel , pale and sweaty . veronica thank -you , D. that be truly a revolting experience . dr . D we aim to disgust . ( continued ) 100 . continued : veronica I will call you . dr . D give I a couple week . okay ? veronica walk off in one direction as aria approach from another . dr . D ( cont 'd ) why , aria ... um ... hi . I be just think about you . aria swing and hit Dr. D in the face . his head spin around until it face backward . aria you unbelievable prick dr . D I deserve that . do you feel better ? aria stomp on he foot . dr . D ( cont 'd ) yaah ! as dr . D try awkwardly to bend forward with he head on backwards , aria kick he in the ass . dr . D fly forward and he head smashes through the windshield . aria curtain in thirty minute . Dr. D lie there , stunne . his voice be muffle inside the hearse . dr . D anything you say , aria . aria damn straight ! aria stomp off . dr . D it 's interesting to I how I can be such a amazing asshole know that the universe will not let I get away with jack shit . 101 . int . backstage - night veronica stand , watch the open band . spyder stick he puppet out of one of the dress room door . the rest of he body be beyond the door frame . spyder syn - good puppet hey , shark lady . veronica yes . spyder syn bad puppet we want to talk to you . veronica I do not talk to footwear . spyder syn - bad puppet I do not usually talk to woman who dress like a plastic action figure , but it 's a new experience . veronica ( move closer ) what do you want ? spyder syn - bad puppet ummmmm . . . spyder syn - good puppet we want sex . it 's a character flaw we have . spyder syn - bad puppet D have sex , so we want sex , too . veronica I be not a vend machine . spyder syn - bad puppet how be it with D ? veronica you be one sick sock . spyder syn - good puppet we sure be . so how be it ? veronica interesting . ( continued ) 102 . continued : spyder syn bad puppet how would you like to graduate to unique ? veronica what do you have in mind ? spyder syn - good puppet come in here for a minute . the puppet retreat into the darkness of the room . veronica follow . the voice can be heard beyond the room . veronica ( 0.s. ) what 's with the mask ? spyder syn ( 0.s. ) would you like to see ? veronica ( 0.s. ) whatever . spyder syn ( 0.s. ) be you sure ? it 's not pretty . veronica ( 0.s. ) nothing about this gig be pretty . show I already . spyder syn ( 0.s. ) okay . you ask for it . spyder' puppet ( together ) ta-da ! Veronica scream and the door slam shut int . grand quignol - night aria be talk to rasputin behind the amplifier . the crowd can be heard in the background chant . crowd diamond Dead ! diamond Dead ! rasputin I do not know , aria . this be a dangerous situation . the police be try to close we down . the fanatics be scream at the door . ( more ) ( continued ) 103 . continued : rasputin ( cont 'd ) we get live feed go directly into every loony 's tv in America . God know what that crazy prick be up to . I be scared . aria five minute . rasputin the boy could get hurt . aria five minute . make the call . rasputin alright . it 's you circus . int . backstage - night jack and geena have find seat on top of the marshal amplifier . jack Boy , this seat kick ass . geena do it look like a riot from up here or what ? jack yeah . the band have not even come on yet . geena gee . it look kinda dangerous down there . jack ... and we be above it all . geena Nice and safe . no mosh or fight or fuck or push . jack this seat suck ! geena yeah . let 's hit the pit . jack fuckin ' A. 104 . int . grand quignol - night the house be go wild as the audience work itself up into a fever pitch . stage diving , mosh , chant and act of individual lunacy all add to the chaos . int . grand quignol GREEN room - night the member of the band be do final touch -up , except for spyder , who be unaccount for . dr . D and aria be purposely ignore each other . glitter try to mediate : glitter D , why do not you talk to aria ? dr . D no thanks . glitter aria , you talk to D . he love you . aria bullshit . glitter so what if D sleep with another woman ... dr . D yeah . so what ? glitter I mean , c'mon aria , everybody know you boink that neurotic theatre manager . dr . D what ?! aria Jesus Christ ! be nothing sacred ? dr . D you slut ! aria you prick ! ( continued ) 105 . continued : bangz ( to glitter ) you be a fuckin ' diplomatic genius baby . glitter sorry . spyder enter . everyone fall silent . all eye turn on he accusingly . there 's a long pause . spyder syn - good puppet what ? glitter where the hell have you be , girl ? spyder syn - bad puppet aww , you know , here and there . glitter it 's thirty second to curtain . what be you think ? spyder syn - bad puppet Baseball , petroleum product , how much I really enjoy a good meal . dr . D you get blood on you mask . spyder syn - good puppet it 's paint . it 's nothing . glitter who would you eat , spyder . spyder syn - bad puppet what ? dr . D that 's blood , dude . who would you eat ? spyder syn - good puppet I do not eat anybody . honest . bangz I see that fuckin ' rubber bitch and spyder go into a dress room earlier . I think they fuckin ' do more than fuckin ' fuck . ( continued ) 106 . continued : ( 2 ) rasputin enter . rasputin curtain . dr . D oh my God ... I can not believe you eat Veronica . aria I think you say she do not matter to you . dr . D she do not . I mean , she do . I mean , she be eat , for chrissake . that matter . aria not if she do not mean anything to you . you should not care . dr . D how would you like it if I eat you spazola boyfriend ten minute after you shtup he ? aria do not you touch he . he 's a nice guy . dr . D see . bug ya , do not it ? spyder syn - both puppet I do not eat anybody !!! rasputin curtain ! glitter c'mon . let 's rock and roll . aria , dr . D , spyder , bangz ( together ) fuck you . int . grand quignol auditorium - night the announcer walk up to the microphone . the audience freak out . ( continued ) 107 . continued : announcer lady and gentleman . direct from the embalmer 's table to you town . the most vile , repugnant , putrid , twisted abomination ever to clamber out of the pit of Hell . lady and gentleman . wo not you please put you hand together and cover you mouth when you gag ! Dr. diabolicus and the diamond Dead ! the light come up on the stage . the set be a force perspective of a overgrown necropolis on the outskirt of the bomb out emerald City of Oz . suddenly , there 's a blinding flash and aria appear stand on a tomb with guitar in hand . she strike a open chord and the grave begin to split . rising out of the earth , the rest of the band appear . song : " my little piece of armageddon " : the band ext . grand quignol - night pussy talk into the camera . reverend scrugg stand nearby . pussy hoax or not , the diamond Dead have make they debut , despite the effort of they critic to protect the american public form yet another social pitfall . the right reverend scrugg have join I to discuss why he feel so strongly about the band . reverend they be a abomination against god. ntv be a abomination against God . rock and roll , sex , television , computer , non-dairy creamer , fax machine , and unitarian fund - raiser be all abomination . as far as God be concerned , there be only one way to Heaven and that 's through I ! int . grand quignol projection booth - night mathias sit watch the show . he be talk to himself . ( continued ) 108 . continued : mathias I can not believe I be still here , wait around to be kill . what the hell be I do ? she 's a musician , for chrissake . Hell , she 's death . she 's not my usual type . it will never work . I promise myself never to get involved with any woman who might be consider a archetype , role model , star , or in any way attention - get . it 's not good for my ego . she 's a grim reaper what happen when she get tired of I ? I be afraid of death . I be afraid of live . I be afraid of everything . my doctor tell I to stay away from die at all ... I do not feel very good . int . grand quignol auditorium - night the band be play on the stage . Dr. D finish a song and approach the microphone . dr . D do you believe in life after death ? crowd scream . Dr. D look over at aria who return he stare , seethe with hate . dr . D ( cont 'd ) neither do we ! song : " good friend " diabolicus sittin ' in a bar with Sinatra and Dean . hope sammy Davis can make the scene . screamin ' jay sing with elvis . Janis agree it cant better than this . morrison pass out on the floor joey ramone hold up the door . kurt cobain on the hot line . Lennon and Harrison drink wine . chorus : band you go to heaven for the scenery . you go to hell for the company . ( continued ) 109 . continued : diabolicus sid vicious in a fight with skynrd . buddy Holly hangin ' with the byrd . johnny grave in sequin drag . Peggy lee wear bauhaus rag . Wendy o just beat Satan up . damnation be not shit if it be not corrupt keith Moon be throw tvs through the glass . join the diamond Dead and kick some ass ! chorus : band you go to heaven for the halo . you go to hell for the rock and roll ! ext . grand quignol - night the reverend and he flock have draw they weapon . reverend let 's go kick some pinko commie satanic demon ass ! they rush the door and overpower the security guard . int . grand quignol - night the band be play in the background . rasputin speak into he headset . rasputin try to hold they back ... Big boo ... Big boo ?... come in ! reverend scrugg and he follower rush into the theatre , shoot wildly into the crowd . they charge down the main aisle toward the stage . reverend stop this secular humanistic debauchery ! the reverend fire around , hit glitter 's guitar . the band stop play . they look at one another , confuse , and then at scrugg . a eerie stillness fall over the confuse crowd . glitter that bitch shot my Les Paul ! ( continued ) 110 . continued : reverend and the Lord say unto I : drive the unclean spirit from thy land ! glitter you bitch ! that 's a Les Paul ! girl , do not you have any respect ? dr . D duck ! aria , dr . D , spyder and bangz dive for cover . glitter fuck that . I be gonna slap dis Ho ' reverend Fine ! the flock open fire on the stage , pump hundred of round into glitter 's body , tear away huge chunks he . the gunfire continue until the flock have emptied they clip . what 's leave of glitter crumble to the ground . the flock frantically reload . rasputin charge onto the stage , follow by ten armed roadies . rasputin freeze ! the reverend turn to he flock reverend we shall be reward in Heaven . the entire audience suddenly jump up with gun drawn point at scrugg . reverend ( cont 'd ) we have exorcise the unclean spirit . spyder , Dr. D and bangz stand up , armed with machine gun and walk to the apron . Dr. D be hold a black box . it be connect to a cable that run offstage . dr . D ( into microphone ) do anybody here not have a gun ? in the balcony , mathias raise he hand . ( continued ) 141 . continued : ( 2 ) mathias um ... I do not . dr . D Sir , would you please be kind enough to leave the building ? mathias this be come out of you end of the box ! mathias run for the exit . pussy talk to the ntv audience . pussy gun , fanatics , murder and anarchy . live . this be truly a ntv exclusive . Dr. D fix scrugg with a venomous stare . slowly he raise the box in scrugg ' direction . dr . D we turn . reverend burn in Hell , Satan ! dr . D press the button on the box and the light suddenly go out . the entire theatre erupt in gunfire . it create a kind of strobe light effect as hundred of gun fire at once . the gun battle seem to go on forever before the shoot finally cease and the light be restore . the sound of a bell toll twelve midnight can be hear in the distance . fog roll into the house . in its center glide death . death stand in the middle of the house , knee deep in body . everybody in the place lie still . death now , I say , I say . that 's entertainment . aria step onto stage , carry she scythe . she step over pussy'' body and over to Dr. d's still form , lie face down . aria be you dead ? dr . D yes . she kick he in the rib . ( continued ) 112 . continued : ( 3 ) aria good . you stupid son of a bitch ! look at this place . Holy shit . it 's a fuck mess . I can not have this kind of shit every night . dr . D sorry . I will get a mop . death begin climb over the body toward the stage . death Excuse I . I say , excuse I little lady , but I really do need my scythe back . aria I need it right now . death why ? I know you have not be make you quota as a temporary death . seem to I you find a novel way to balance the book . aria I can not leave thing like this . Dr. D , bangz and spyder get up and go to glitter' ruined carcass . death I be afraid you be gonna have to . give I my scythe . dr.d walk over to aria 's side . dr . D who be this guy , aria ? aria nobody . dr . D then fuck he . aria ( to death ) what about the band ? ( continued ) 113 . continued : ( 4 ) death everybody go . no exception . you have no choice . if you do not hand it over , you will be damned to a eternity of endless wander torment . dr . D keep it , aria . death we have a bargain missy . it 's time to pay with you life . even if you somehow manage to escape I here , you will never be allow to fall in love or have child or even have a friend . death have no friend . aria walk to the edge of the stage and lean over , present the scythe . death reach for it . aria swing the handle around and crack death in the jaw with it . aria I have make more friend since I become death . I have never be happier ! you be soooo full of shit morty ! death be unfaze and float onto the stage . aria kick he in the head . unfaze , death stand up on the stage . Dr. D fly at he and be swat away like a fly . aria level she sythe at death .and death laugh . death silly meat sack you cant kill I darlin I aint ever be alive . aria hestates the then flip the switch on the sythe - reverse . and drive into death . the blue arc fly around the robe . and then collapse on the ground in a heap . a tiny little manlike creaturecrawl out ogf the robe and onto the floor . its skinny and large eye . death ( cont 'd ) what have you do . I cant exist youve live I . I cant live ! death body and bone begin to mutate uncontrollably . grow out of control his arm shoot outward from the wrist grow impossibly long with extra joint , he rib cage . fold outward grow mutiple rib and sternum . ( continued ) 114 . continued : ( 5 ) his face split open and several more feature erupt from within . his limb shoot off in all direction . and muscle swell uncontrollably try 1 he finally explode . all over over everybody . bangz Fucking hard - core ! dr . D I know I know i11 get a mop . aria raise the scythe and twirl it over she head . lightn flash in arc from the stage to point in the house and to the balcony . light explode . the breaker fail and the theatre be throw into darkness again . slowly the light return and the slain rise , include reverend scrugg and he flock , everybody except glitter whose only remain feature be he skull . respectfully , spyder carry it offstage . dr . D ( cont 'd ) ( to aria ) I be sorry . I have get a temper . aria ( walk away ) yeah . I , too . the audience be in murmure confusion . Dr. D walk up to the microphone . dr . D lady and gentleman . Dead and back again , courtesy of the diamond Dead ! we love you ! good night someone in the crowd begin to clap . other join in , then the audience begin to chant . audience diamond Dead ! diamond Dead ! another angle jack and geena stand in the mosh pit jack I get shot four time in the chest ! ( continued ) continued : int . dress aria and t 115 . geena I get it in the head , and a shotgun in the belly . jack that be so fuck cool . geena where be they play next ? jack that be fuck awesome ! ing room - night he band be gather around the remain of glitter . glitter D ?... D ?... be you there , pal ? dr . D I be right here , dude . glitter look like it 's we last gig together . dr . D bullshit ! glitter ( cough ) no , I be outta here , girl . listen to I . dr . D yeah ? glitter I want you to have my thigh high boot , the faux zebra platform . you always covete they . dr . D do not talk like that . glitter spyder ? spyder begin to talk with the sock puppet , but instead jerk they off he hand . ( continued ) continued : 116 . spyder syn I be here . glitter you can have all my sock and my ibenez Paul stanley special . spyder syn do not die again . glitter sorry , bangz ? bangz huh ? glitter fuck you . bangz fuck you too ! asshole . glitter aria ? aria I be here . glitter you get the ax . do not let the band die . aria sure . glitter close he eye and go still . silently , Dr. D , bangz and spyder exit , leave aria . backstage - night the boy walk up to rasputin . dr . D where do that preacher go ? rasputin I do not know . I do not see they leave . they may be here somewhere . dr . D let 's find they . ( continued ) 117 . continued : rasputin Fine . dr . D you stay here . watch aria . rasputin tear em apart . int . dressing room - night aria lay a scarf over glitter' head . there 's a cough under the scarf and aria pull it away . glitter where be everybody ? aria we think you be dead . glitter I be not dead . I be just a head . aria really ? glitter ( cough ) I think I get a slug stick in my throat . could you dig it out ? ext . grand quignol roof - night scrugg and four he flock and be busy with case of dynamite . reverend if Satan will not go to Hell , Hell shall come to Satan . call forth the helicopter and we shall be carry up even as the demon spawn be cast down . the zealot speak into the walkie-talkie . scrugg set the timer on the bomb for five minute . zealot Gabriel , this be the Lamb of God . we get a pick -up . ( continued ) 118 . continued : reverend we shall not bargain with publican and sinner . zealot but , sir . that lady do resurrect we from the dead . reverend the Bible say thou shalt not permit a witch to live . zealot it also say " do unto other " . reverend shut up ! thou art infect with the spore of evil . zealot yes , sir . I will take a shower . ext . grand quignol - night people be leave the theatre . pussy talk to she tv audience . pussy the diamond Dead have make rock history tonight , demonstrate they seemingly superhuman power over life and death . not since Paul McCartney 's miraculous resurrection have any real act of rock and roll Shamanism be use in performance . one thousand bullet-ddend happy diamond Dead fanatics will tell you that it be all real . what 's next for this band ? be this the start of a new religion ? nobody know , but it do not matter because I be here and you be not . jack and geena walk out of the theatre . pussy ( cont 'd ) Excuse I . what do you think of the diamond Dead ? jack yeah . they be cool . ( continued ) continued : pussy star 119 . geena a little weak on bass and the energy seem a little down . jack the sound engineer seem to favor the high end . geena I notice that , too . jack it 's a common mistake . pussy but what about the climax ? jack the whole death trip have be a little overplay . geena what be the diamond Dead go to follow it up with ? jack it 's the whole Andy Warhol trap . geena they have get no place to go . jack sorry , pussy , but the diamond Dead have reach they height . geena has-been city . jack great while it last . geena pack it up pussy . es open-mouthed as jack and geena walk away . int . mathias ' office - night mathias sit behind the desk , stare at the far wall . aria be pound on he door . ( continued ) 120 . continued : aria hey ! open up ! Mathias ! mathias open the door . mathias go away . aria I need you help . mathias I can not . I be really not well . aria Fine . mathias I will call you , okay ? aria take she scythe and begin to smash down Mathias ' door . mathias dive under he desk . mathias ( cont 'd ) go away ! aria come through the ruin door aria c'mon . I need you help . the boy have go after scrugg . they be gonna kill he . mathias it 's no good , aria . I be no hero . I run from the fight . I always run . it 's my nature . I hate I . I can not help you . I can not help myself . this will never work between we . aria oh grow some ball you whiny little sissy boy . I know its probably not go to work between we mathias you do ? aria sure . besides , I think I can work it out now between D and I . ( continued ) 121 . continued : ( 2 ) mathias I be happy for you . aria do not mean you can sit here pissing you panty . I be not do fuck with you world yet . where 's you car key ? mathias why ? aria I need you car . I think scrugg be on he way to the airport . mathias you can not drive my car . it 's a stingray classic . I do not even drive it . aria perfect ! aria grab mathias by the arm and yank he to he foot . mathias no more ! no more ! aria put down she scythe and grab mathias , throw he over she shoulder , and walk out . aria I do not have time to argue . the boy be hungry and we get to stop they before it 's too late . mathias why ? ext . grand quignol - night Dr. D , bangz and spyder climb the outside of the building . bangz I be fuckin' James bond . fuckin' spyder syn - good puppet ( let go to talk ) ) extreme violence . ( continued ) 122 . continued : spyder syn - bad puppet extreme senseless violence . spyder syn - good puppet maximum wholesale violence . dr . D do not talk . climb . spyder syn - good puppet I love this man . spyder syn - bad puppet he have a way with word . ext . grand quignol roof - night reverend scrugg turn to he zealot . reverend what 's the chopper 's eta ? zealot ten minute . bangz climb onto the roof . bangz no fuckin ' time leave , scrugg . cuz I be James fuckin ' bond , 007 . zealot what ? Dr. D join bangz , then spyder . dr . D can you pray , rev ? spyder syn - bad puppet better make it a short prayer bangz yeah . Real fuckin ' short . bangz leap forward attack the two fanatics close to the edge . bangz 's momentum carry all three over the edge and they disappear from sight . Dr. D snarl and leap at scrugg , he long claw slashing the reverend 's face . the zealot run but spyder drag he down and snap he spine . scrugg swing at Dr. D but Dr. D catch the fist and crush the reverend 's finger . ( continued ) 123 . continued : dr . D say " hi " to Jesus for I . Dr. D slashes scrugg ' throat and then crush he skull with bare hand . dr . D ( cont 'd ) asshole . int . grand quignol theater lobby - night the place be now desert . Dr. D , bangz and spyder walk through the lobby , knee deep in garbage . dr . D I guess it 's over . bangz yeah . that fuckin ' guy be great . dr . D no . I mean the band . spyder syn - good puppet I have fun . dr . D I , too . bangz why , we get a hell of a fuckin ' show . we kill the audience every night . wow ! I think it 's fuckin ' great . dr . D everybody 's afraid of death . it 's a unknown . people feel powerless against it . some folk will see we as have the power to help they beat death . other will see we and think if they can beat we , they can beat death . either way , every show we play be go to be a slaughter . bangz fuck they . spyder syn ( good puppet ) D 's right . it 's over . ( more ) ( continued ) continued : they go th int . grand 124 . spyder syn ( cont 'd ) besides , we do what we come to do . we fuck with everybody . one last time . bangz buggere by pansy ass fearhead . this fuckin ' suck . spyder syn ( good puppet ) we better go underground . dr . D we can not hide . bangz oh God . not the fuckin ' white light again . dr . D yup. bangz shit ! what about aria ? spyder syn - good puppet you love she right ? dr . D ahhh ! she do not need I . she need that little poser sissy . I finally figure it out . I love I . I be what I need to be happy . I be too damn I . and nobody should have to deal too much with my meanness . spyder syn - bad puppet that be either the most noble thing you have ever say or the most disgusting . rough the lobby door into the house . quignol - night dr . D , bangz and spyder enter . stand on stage be veronica vinyl , hold aria 's scythe . veronica hello , boy . bangz hey , it 's the fuckin ' rubber lady . ( continued ) 125 . continued : spyder syn - good puppet told you I do not eat she . veronica hello , spyder honey . spyder syn - bad puppet where ya be ? spyder climb onto the stage . spyder syn - good puppet D. bangz , this be Veronica , soon to be Mrs. syn. veronica sorry , spyder honey , but the engagement 's off . spyder syn - good puppet why ? veronica I could never marry you . you be a freak . Veronica swing the scythe and bury it in spyder 's chest . spyder syn - good puppet what a woman . veronica draw back the weapon and level it at Dr. D and bangz . spyder stumble back a few step . dr . D you be a real femme fatale , be not ya ? veronica it 's nothing personal , D . it 's a presidential secret order . I have to do you guy . it 's my job . not that I do not enjoy my work . I do , but you guy be different spyder remove the sock puppet from he hand . bangz and Dr D slowly approach veronica . veronica ( cont 'd ) do not come any closer . I know how to use this scythe . ( continued ) 126 . continued : ( 2 ) dr . D go ahead . I be not afraid of death . bangz yeah . Big fuckin ' deal . dr . D we be already dead . spyder walk up behind veronica unseen . he remove he mask . where spyder 's head should be , there be a huge ball fist . slowly , long talone digit unfurl . spyder be head be a giant claw hand . Dr. D and bangz look surprised . veronica read they expression and turn around . she scream . veronica flip the forward switch and the scythe activate . spyder be fist envelope Veronica 's head and squeeze . blood erupt between the finger . veronica drop the still activate scythe . Dr. D pick it up without turn it off . spyder drop veronica be gory remain and put he natural arm on Dr. D 's shoulder . bangz join they as the lightning arc off the blade . dr . D ( cont 'd ) better to burn out than to fade away ... together , the band rot , dry up , and blow away in second . the scythe fall to the ground , clatter noisily on the empty stage . ext . highway - day aria and mathias stand on the shoulder of the road , have just step out of Mathias ' stingray . aria sure you do not want to come with ? mathias no . I be commit myself ina couple hour . aria suit yourself . what about you theatre ? ( continued ) 127 . continued : mathias smile sheepishly . in the distance we hear the sound of a massive explosion . he look at aria , as if to say " see , I be fuck " . mathias I be insure but thanks anyway . aria I be gonna miss you . mathias I will miss you too , in a strange masochistic , romantic , terrify way . I be sorry about you band . I be sorry about you ... you know ... um boyfriend . aria I be gonna miss a lot of thing . oh well , that 's life . mathias accord to death ? aria that 's I . mathias get in the car . mathias you be truly special . you know that , do not you ? aria of course . I be not stupid . mathias start he car and drive off . int . car - continuous mathias be talk to himself . mathias this suck . a hearse go the other direction scream past mathias . ext . highway - continuous aria begin to walk down the road , she scythe over she shoulder and a head - shape bundle wrap in butcher paper in she hand . ( continued ) 128 . continued : a car speed past she and then slam on it 's brake . it isa ' 57 cadillac hearse . aria smile and get in . the hearse roar it 's engine and take off for the vanish point . another angle mathias slam on he brake and power slide 180 degree . and roar after the hearse . mathias rock and Roll ! this be crazy ! this be crazy ! reprise : " crash test dummy in love " . fade to black the end