diary of a wimpy kid by Jackie filgo & Jeff filgo base on the novel by Jeff kinney twentieth century fox 2 nd studio draft ( 2nd revision 10201 W. pico Blvd. JANUARY 22 , 2009 Los Angeles , CA 90035 all rights reserve . copyright '' 2009 twentieth century fox film corporation . no portion of this script may be performed , published , reproduced , sold or distribute by any means , or quoted or published in any medium , including any web site , without the prior written consent of twentieth century fox film corporation . disposal of this script copy doe not alter any of the restriction set forth above . fade in : int . greg 's bedroom black screen . Soft breathe . super : '' Monday '' be scrawle across the screen in greg 's handwrite . then blinding light . rodrick ( 0.s. ) greg. greg' Pov : we find rodrick heffley , a insolent sixteen - year - old , in we face . rodrick be dress for school . rodrick ( cont 'd ) greg ! greg ( half asleep ) what ? rodrick shake greg awake . rodrick get up , you be go to be late . end Pov to find greg heffley in he twin bed . greg be eleven or twelve , average height , and really thin . rodrick be go to town with the shaking thing , basically bounce he on he bed . greg ( fight he off ) quit it , rodrick ! why be you -- what be I late for ? rodrick Middle school , what do you think ? today 's you first day . hurry up or Mom 's gonna lose it . rodrick exit . greg sigh . int . heffley kitchen greg , now dress and ready for school , eat cereal and read the comic with bleary eye . he turn the kitchen tv on to a infomercial for a juicer . he change the channel , it 's a infomercial for buying foreclosure . he keep change channel -- it 's all infomercials . something 's not right . ( continued ) diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 2 . continued : frank ( 0.s. ) what be you do ? greg look up . frank heffley , greg 's dad , be there , wear a t-shirt and boxer . he mute the tv . greg get ready for my first day of middle ... greg trail off as he look out a window . it 's dark . CUT to : ext . heffley house - night from across the street we see the greg 's house in the dark . a owl perches on a tree limb in the foreground . CUT to : int . heffley kitchen - continuous on greg and Frank . greg .-.school . frank it 's four o'clock in the morning . School do not start until next week . susan heffley , greg 's mom , unhappily enter . she 's a attractive , harry mom . Frank watch manny , they wide - awake two - year- old son , scurry past she , grab the cereal box and start eat out of it . frank ( cont ’d ) ( sadly ) you wake manny up . he never go back to sleep . ( to Susan ) he wake manny up . susan have you lose you mind ? greg it be rodrick ! diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 3 . int . rodrick 's room —- moment later they all stand in the doorway and look at rodrick , sound asleep but now in he pajamas , snore softly in he bed . greg but he -- susan go to bed . as they leave , greg turn back to look at rodrick , who be in the same position only now he 's smile . CUT to : open credit tight on a close book . the cover read ' Diary 's . pull back to reveal greg heffley be hold the book and directly address the camera . behind he be a white background . greg be a grow - up trap in a kid 's body . he have a very matter of fact , casual manner about he -- a worldly , confident attitude . even so , he remain a likeable boy because we know he bravura just mask normal insecurity . he 's Bill Murray as a kid . greg okay , first of all , let I get something straight : this be a journal , not a diary . ( beat ) right , I know what it say on the cover , but when mom go out to buy this thing I told she not to get I a book that say '' diary '' on it . this just prove Mom do not know anything . if I walk into my first day of middle school carry this book around , I might as well be wear a sign that say '' punch I '' ! insert shot : the cartoon draw from the book of the bully discovering greg' diary . the draw become animated : the bully punch greg , send he and the '' diary '' fly . bully wimp ! 10 11 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 4. back on greg address the camera . 9 greg the only reason I agree to write in this thing be because one day when I be rich and famous I 'il have better thing to do than answer people 's stupid question all day long , and this book be gonna come in handy . insert shot : the cartoon draw from the book of greg at the 10 press conference . the draw become animated as reporter shout question at greg . male reporter Gregory ! tell we about you childhood ! female reporter be you always so smart and handsome ? greg wave he journal at they . greg here 's my journal . now shoo , shoo . back to greg address the camera . 11 greg I actually should have start keep a diary -- I mean journal ! -- year ago . now there 's gonna be this big gap from birth to middle school . ( beat ) anyway , I think future generation will be glad I keep a record of this time in my life , but the truth be when they make a movie or a tv mini-sery about I , they 's 1ll probably just skip over the middle school year and go right to the part where I be famous . ( beat ) seriously , who 's gonna want to see a movie about a guy who 's stick in middle school with a bunch of half - grow moron ? he toss the book on a nearby side table . zoom in tight on the book and hold . end open credit 12 13 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 5 . int . greg 's bedrooom - morning 12 still tight on the book , pull back to reveal the diary be on greg 's bedside table , and he be asleep in the bed . super : '' September . Tuesday . '' Susan , hold manny , poke she head in . susan get up , get up , it 's you first day of middle school ! greg stir and open he eye . suspicious , he check the window for daylight to make sure it 's legit this time . it be . int . heffley kitchen - morning 13 greg , rodrick , manny , and Susan eat breakfast . rodrick be work on a pile of flyer for he band lode diaper . the flyer feature a picture of rodrick and he bandmate hold instrument and try they hardest not to look like suburban teenager . rodrick be add devil horn to the '' L '' in lode and chuckle . greg ( v.o. ) Mom 's always say I need to gain weight . but if you have to eat with my family , you would not have much of a appetite either . Pan around the table -- Susan pick she tooth , rodrick chew he nail . settle on manny , who eat he cereal while sit on a small training potty . Frank pass through on he way out to work , look at manny . frank the toilet at the table , that do not feel right . susan I do not want he to think it 's shameful . frank it should be a little shameful . he grab a piece of toast and kiss Susan . frank see you . ( continued ) 13 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 6. continued : he exit . 13 susan ( to greg ) so , middle school . you nervous ? greg ( shrug ) Nah . susan rodrick , give greg some tip about middle school so he know what to expect . rodrick ( to greg ) it 's like prison . do not ever look anyone in the eye , but do not look down either -- always be look away , like you be lose in think . he look at greg skeptically . rodrick I be waste my time , you will be dead or home - school by the end of the year . greg no way . susan not helpful , rodrick . rodrick you be right . I be sure he ’1ll do great . he ’1ll probably be most popular in the yearbook . rodrick grab he flyer , get up to leave . he stop and turn around . he exit . rodrick oh , and one more thing ... watch out for the cheese . Susan and greg look at each other . susan okay , get manny clean up and I 'il drive you to school . manny look at greg , then dump he cereal in he potty . ( continued ) 13 14 15 16 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 7 . continued : ( 2 ) 13 greg he do that on purpose ! I be not clean it up . susan it 's you fault he 's still potty training . flashback to : int . downstair bathroom - day 14 greg , bored , perches on the vanity and watch manny sit on the toilet . greg do not look down , manny . the potty monster do not like it when you look at he . manny slowly look down into the potty -- greg ( cont 'd ) ( cover he mouth ) rrrhaaaaaarrrrrr ! manny scream , jump off the potty and run out . end flashback . int . heffley kitchen - continuous 15 greg chuckle to himself at the memory . Susan look at he sternly . greg get to work and unhappily dump out the potty into the sink . int . susan 's car - morning 16 super : '' first Day of School . '' Susan stop in front of whitmore Middle School in she older Honda . greg look out the window at student stream inside . we see Susan want badly for greg to do okay here . susan want I to walk you in ? greg no thanks . a beat ; greg just sit there . ( continued ) 16 17 18 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 8. continued : 16 susan be you go to get out ? greg yeah . he do not move . susan do you want I to walk you in ? greg no . greg hop out . Susan watch he head toward the school . ext . whitmore middle school - morning 17 it 's quiet as greg near the large metal front door . the school look idyllic and nonthreaten . next to the door be a cartoon poster of a character name '' wacky dawg '' welcoming new student . greg ( v.o. ) everybody 's always say how middle school be such a big deal . but to be honest with you , I be not really sweat it all that much . he open the door and be blasted by a wall of noise . int . school hallway - moment later 18 greg stand in the hallway . all around he be mayhem ; it 's loud and pack with kid roughhouse and jostling and shriek . greg begin to walk down the hall . greg ( v.o. ) okay , so I admit middle school be way different than what I be expect . I mean , you get kid like I who have not hit they growth spurt yet mix in with this gorilla who need to shave twice a day . greg be Pov : extreme close - ups of one big kid 's bushy upper lip facial hair ; another big kid 's freakishly hairy and muscled forearm ; another big kid 's shirt open at the neck to reveal a tuft of yet more hair . greg ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and not just they face . ( continued ) diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 9 . 18 continued : 18 a hulk boy with acne , preston , catch greg 's eye . preston hey , greg . greg hey ... greg squint at he , puzzle ; he have no idea who it be . greg ( cont 'd ) ..- fella . greg ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) half of this kid be in my school last year , but I could hardly recognize they . smash CUT to : 19 a series of photograph 19 side by side , we see before and after photo of several of greg 's schoolmate . the '' before '' be normal , cute grade school student . the '' after '' look like bizarre hormone experiment . the first photo be of Preston , in which he clear grade school complexion become riddled with acne . in the one that follow , full shiny hair become lank and greasy ; other be stick in weird , awkward phase of they growth spurt . in the last '' before and after '' , a SMALL , normal - looking kid hasn ’t change at all . greg ( v.o. ) okay , so there be still a few normal look people like I , but trust I , we be in the minority . CUT to : 20 int . school hallway - continuous 20 greg continue to move through the hall , three older guy approach he . the biggest guy step in he path . biggest guy you new ? greg yeah . biggest guy newbie ! ( continued ) 20 21 22 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 10 . continued : 20 he punch greg hard in the arm , he buddy laugh . int . homeroom - day 21 greg rub he arm at he homeroom desk as rowley jefferson enter behind a couple of other kid . only he face be visible at this point . greg ( call ) hey , rowley . greg ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) rowley jefferson be my best friend . the two other kid part and we get we first good look at rowley . the word for rowley be '' thick '' . his head , neck , torso , and leg sit atop one another like a stack of block . he have a heartbreakingly open , honest , sweet face . he be also wearing a brightly colored serape . greg cringe when see rowley 's nerdy outerwear . greg ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) but that 's definitely subject to change . rowley see greg and become excited , wave frantically . rowley ( way too loud ) greg ! greg! greg ! as rowley head over to greg , greg notice some of the other kid snicker at rowley . greg what be you wear ? rowley we just get back from Guatemala . ( with a flourish ) it 's my serape ! greg slouches in he seat as rowley spin to show it off . ext . sport court - day 22 greg , rowley and the rest of the p.e. class wear gym clothes . alarm , greg watch the large muscled kid next to he slam a ball from one hand to the other as coach malone talk . ( continued ) 22 23 24 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 11 . continued : 22 coach malone today you be go to learn how to play dodgeball right . first off , no aim for the head . muscled kid ( raise he hand ) what happen to we if we hit somebody in the head ? coach malone nothing . okay now , listen up , when I blow the whistle that mean ... coach malone continue to talk as ... greg ( v.o . ) do not ask I what genius come up with the idea of dodgeball . my parent spend a lot of money on my brace so I be pretty sure they do not want I to get my tooth rearrange by some moron chuck a rubber ball at ninety mile a hour . CUT to : line -drawn animation - fantasy 23 greg get hit in the mouth with a dodgeball throw by a moronic goon . his tooth fly everywhere . CUT to : ext . sport court - continuous 24 greg 's hand shoot up . greg uh , I have a heart murmur . my doctor say I can not play dodgeball . coach malone okay , well ... just go sit over there . he point to the edge of the sport court . rowley watch greg go and raise he hand . rowley I have ... asthma . coach malone do you have a inhaler ? ( continued ) 24 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 12 . continued : 24 rowley what ? coach malone a inhaler . rowley huh ? coach malone where 's you inhaler ? rowley where ? coach malone ( sigh ) go sit next to the other guy . rowley run off and catch up to greg . as they walk ... greg the people run this place be try to kill we . maybe this be how they be gonna fix overcrowd in school . rowley I gotta get my hand on a inhaler . ( point to dodgeball ) ' Cause that 's scary . greg I be not scared , I be walk away to make a point . this be just barbaric . angie ( 0.s. ) like the Roman gladiator . greg and rowley notice that angie steadman , a intense girl dress all in black , have fall in next to they . angie ( cont 'd ) gladiator be actually slave that be force to fight to the death just for people 's entertainment . rowley really ? greg shoot rowley a look that say '' do not engage '' . ( continued ) 24 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 13 . continued : ( 2 ) 24 angie I be glad somebody around here finally see the parallel . ( then ) I be Angie . this be my second year , and I be tell you , middle school be nothing but a bad joke . through the follow , greg get increasingly annoyed by rowley 's attention to Angie . angie ( cont 'd ) and the crazy thing be , all the adult know it , but they keep it to themselves . I mean , you hear they talk all the time about how fun high school be and how cute they be in elementary school . but you never , ever hear they say they wish they could be back in middle school . they never mention it at all . rowley ( lock in ) that 's true . greg pull rowley away ... greg ( to Angie ) I think the girl be suppose to be over there . as they move off ... greg ( cont 'd ) rowley , you gotta stay away from the nutso . we be project a image here , it 's a very delicate time . they continue toward a empty spot on the blacktop , look over they shoulder at the dodgeball game . they watch chirag gupta , a little indian boy , get nail by four ball at once . greg turn away just in time to see a old gross slice of cheese right in front of they . greg ( cont 'd ) whoa . check it out . rowley be that ... cheese ? close on the cheese . foreboding music sting . ( continued ) diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 14 . 24 continued : ( 3 ) 24 greg squat down next to it . it 's a slice of cheddar , deli - cut . he reach out with he finger , and be about to touch it -- chirag ( 0.s. ) stop ! alarm , greg and rowley turn to see chirag run up , battle - wounded and out of breath . greg what , chirag ? chirag you almost get the cheese touch . greg the what ? chirag take a deep breath , and then begin speak almost mystically ... chirag a long time ago -- no one know how long -- that cheese just appear on the blacktop . no one ever throw it away , and so there it sit , grow more foul by the day . then one day , a kid -- some say he name be Bernard -- make the biggest mistake of he life . flashback to : 25 ext . sport court - day 25 bernard , a curious kid , squat over the cheese and innocently touch it with he finger . another kid ( kid # 1 ) see he do it and point . kid # 1 Bernard touch the cheese ! Bernard touch the cheese ! a crowd of kid run over point and scream as if they see a zombie . chirag ( v.o. ) from that day on , Bernard have the cheese touch . end flashback . 26 27 28 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 15 . ext . sport court - continuous 26 chirag continue he tale ... chirag no one would go near Bernard because if they touch he , they would get the cheese touch . Bernard become a outcast . until , that be , he be able to pass the cheese touch onto a unsuspecting foreign exchange student . flashback to : int . school hallway - day 27 dieter , a happy look german foreign exchange student , talk to a group of kid . Bernard sneak up to the edge of the circle and touch dieter on the shoulder . the other kid recoil from a confuse dieter . dieter be soll das ? one kid ( kid # 2 ) point at he in horror . kid # 2 cheese touch ! chirag ( v.o. ) and so it go , from student to student , from year to year . as chirag speak , we see a rogue 's gallery of cheese touch victims through the year . most be boy , but some be unhappy look girl . end flashback . ext . sport court - continuous 28 as greg and rowley listen to chirag ... chirag the reign of terror end when abe Hall get it five year ago . he move to California and take the cheese touch with he . flashback to : 29 30 31 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 16 . ext . whitmore middle school - day 29 a group of solemn kid watch a station wagon pull away . we see abe , a haunt look boy , peer out the back window , he hand press against the glass . end flashback . ext . sport court - day 30 chirag look at they dolefully . chirag and so today , the cheese sit , patiently wait for a new victim . greg / rowley ( blow away ) wow . chirag this be a terrible place . greg and rowley look at the cheese . when they look up , chirag be gone . coach malone blow he whistle , signal the end of p.e . rowley maybe we should just throw it away . rowley start to reach for the cheese -- greg quickly hold he back . greg geez , rowley ! int . cafeteria - day 31 the cafeteria be just as loud and untamed as the rest of the school -- there 's yell , push , maybe some food fly in place . greg and rowley move through the lunch line , push they trays . greg by the way , second floor bathroom ? no stall door . I learn that the hard way . rowley what ? if there 's no door people can see you . and all you business . ( continued ) 31 32 33 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 17 . continued : 31 greg yeah , well , worse than they see you be you see they . trust I , you do not want to lock eye with some strange guy sit on a toilet . it 's a weird feel . rowley shudder . the lunch lady hand greg a plate of yellow , lumpy goop ( chicken a la king ) . he and rowley head toward the table area . they see a few empty seat at a table of kid . greg start to put he tray down . lunch kid that seat 's save . greg for who ? lunch kid it 's save . greg move toward another empty seat at the table . lunch kid that seat 's save . greg move to the last empty seat . he look at the kid who just shake he head . greg look around at the other at the table ; they ignore he and rowley as if they do not exist . int . cafeteria - moment later 32 greg decide to try he luck with some shaggy look skateboard kid . he cross to they table , but they take one look at he and rowley : skate kid no way . int . cafeteria - moment later 33 greg and rowley approach a table full of girl . haughty girl forget it . rowley turn to greg . rowley so where be we suppose to eat ? 34 35 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 18. int . cafeteria - moment later 34 greg and rowley have find a couple of lonely chair in the corner and awkwardly try to eat with they lunch trays on they lap . fregley , a thin hyper kid who breathes through he tooth in a way that often make a whistling sound , approach with a lunch tray . fregley hey greg heffley . want to see my secret freckle ? greg no thanks , fregley . fregley sit down on the floor next to they . greg try to cut he chicken , but without a table it 's hard to do and the chicken go fly off of he plate and plop on the floor near fregley . they all look at it . fregley be you go to finish that ? ext . whitmore middle school - day 35 kid stream out at the end of the school day . greg and rowley be mid-pack . greg ( v.o. ) okay , the first day be not great , but at least I get out with my dignity . or so I think . rowley ( yell to be hear ) hey greg , you want to come over and plaayyy ?! a older kid , quentin , overhear and step in front of they . quentin what do you say ? rowley ( panicked ) ... flarb . quentin ( to greg ) what would he say ? ( continued ) 35 36 37 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 19 . continued : 35 greg I do not know . I do not even know that guy . quentin ( call to friend ) hey guy , check it out . quentin 's two buddy , arthur and joe , approach . quentin this guy say to that guy , want to come over and plaayyy ? greg grimace at quentin and he friend 's scornful expression . greg ( v.o. ) this be hard to take , because in twenty year all this mouth - breather would be work for I . CUT to : int . warehouse - day - fantasy 36 it 's greg , the same actor , but with a mustache and wear a short sleeve dress shirt with a tie . he hold a clipboard and watch quentin , Joe , and Arthur ( also with mustaches ) struggle mightily to put a heavy crate on a high shelf . quentin we finally get it up there , boss . greg that 's a shame . because now I need you to take it back down , and after that I be go to need you to put it back up there . quentin but -- greg chop chop ! CUT to : ext . whitmore middle school - moment later 37 a whole crowd of kide be now gather around greg and rowley as quentin finish gleefully repeat the story for newcomer . ( continued ) diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 20 . 37 continued : 37 quentin ( mock ) «.. come over and ... plaayyy ! they all laugh . greg grab rowley and quickly pull he away from the crowd to a space by the bike rack . greg thanks a lot , rowley . rowley what ? what have I do ? greg we be in middle school now . nobody play anymore , they hang out . rowley what 's the difference ? greg the difference be we can not act like kid anymore . rowley oh. okay , get it . rowley nonchalantly grab he big wheel which be park next to a bunch of bike . greg look at the Big wheel in horror . greg rowley . a Big wheel ? rowley ( shrug ) I like be low to the ground . rowley take off on he Big wheel . greg follow , conscious of the stare rowley be attract . 38 ext . heffley house - day 38 rodrick 's van with the name of he band '' lode diper '' scrawle on the side be park in the driveway . next to the van be park rowley 's Big wheel . 39 int . heffley live room - day 39 greg and rowley sit on the floor and play a racing video game . manny sit on he tiny potty next to they and watch . rowley be engross in the game , but greg be clearly distract . ( continued ) diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 21 . 39 continued : 39 greg ( v.o . ) when we get home I try to unwind , but I could not stop think about school . and I be worried about rowley . he 'il never be able to figure out how to make it through that place . he lack nuance . I mean , you can beat he at a video game just by name you car something ridiculous . on the tv , greg 's car pass rowley 's . robot video game voice bad fart ahead ! rowley ( fall over laugh ) bwaahahaha ! in imitation , manny laugh and fall off he potty . rowley ( cont 'd ) let 's race again . greg switch off the game . rowley look at he questioningly . manny mimic rowley and also look at greg questioningly . greg rowley , you need to focus . we first day suck . rowley it do ? greg look at rowley like , '' be anybody home ? '' greg we be nobody at school . I do not know about you , but I never envision myself as the guy who have to eat lunch off he lap . that be okay for fregley but not I . rowley my mom tell I to just be myself and people would like I . greg that would be good advice if you be somebody else . flashback to : 40 4l diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 22 . ext . heffley front porch - day 40 greg open the front door to rowley , who consult a book ( " how to make Friends in New place with joke '' ) . rowley knock knock ! greg huh ? rowley thermos ! greg Excuse I ? rowley thermos be some way to tickle you funny bone ! greg say what ? end flashback . int . heffley live room —- continuous 4l greg give rowley a sideways look . rowley get a idea and look excited . manny look excited , too . rowley I think I may still have that joke book I use when I meet you . maybe I should bring it to school ? greg look at rowley sorrowfully . greg that book be not you friend . no book be go to help we . a beat while rowley and greg think . rowley screw up he face in concentration and stare at the ceiling . manny imitate he . greg get a idea . greg ( cont 'd ) we need to get into rodrick 's room . rowley I be not go in rodrick 's room . rowley shake he head '' no '' . so do manny . 42 43 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 23. int . basement - day 42 loud terrible music . greg and rowley peek around the corner to see rodrick play the drum as he rehearse with he crappy band . they wince at the noise . int . rodrick 's room —- moment later 43 rodrick 's room be a mess . poster indicate he 's really into nine inch Nails , tool , and slipknot . rowley watch the door nervously as greg , on he hand and knee , toss aside junk from underneath rodrick 's bed . a half - eat candy bar ; a ouija board ; and a glossy magazine entitled '' moto mama '' , the cover of which feature a very buxom model in a thong bikini drape promiscuously over a motorcycle . rowley eye widen as he look at the magazine . rowley wow . I do not know rodrick be into motorcycle . greg pull out the whitmore middle school yearbook , hold it up . greg rodrick 's middle school yearbook . he quickly page through , find what he 's look for . greg right here , class favorite . the best in the class . this people be famous . and I guarantee you they always get a actual table at lunch . as greg look through the class favorite , we go close on the picture . inspirational music sting greg ( v.o. ) this be it . if you can get yourself vote onto the class favorite page , you be practically a immortal . even if you do not live up to what you get pick for , it do not really matter because it 's on permanent record . settle on the photo of the '' most popular '' guy , bill watson . ( continued ) 43 44 45 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 24 . continued : 43 greg people still treat Bill Watson like he 's something special even though he drop out of high school and work at the food barn . flashback to : int . food barn - day 44 greg and Susan be at the grocery store checkout behind two high school girl . a older-looking Bill Watson be the bagger . the girl eye Bill and giggle . bill watson will that be paper or plastic ? high school girl # 1 ( dreamy ) whatever you think , Bill . end flashback . int . rodrick 's room - continuous 45 greg point favorite from the book out to rowley . greg this be where I need to be . most popular , best dress , class clown ... they should just give that to I right now . I be hilarious . rowley notice the picture of the '' cutest couple '' . rowley hey , maybe we should go for '' cutest Friends '' . greg you be kid , right ? the door fly OPEN . it 's rodrick . rodrick what do I tell you I have do to you if I catch you in my room again ? rowley you say you have kill he . rodrick good answer , rowley . you can go . ( continued ) 45 46 47 48 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 25 . continued : 45 rowley sprint out . rowley I be sorry , greg ! rodrick Mom and dad be not here . it 's just you and I . and I be go to really , actually kill you . greg make a break for the door . he feint leave , then head right , but rodrick stay with he block the door . greg jump up on rodrick 's bed and grab the edge of rodrick 's prize nine inch Nails poster and prepare to rip it . rodrick ( cont 'd ) no ! greg start to rip it ; rodrick lunge for he . greg jump around he and run out the door . int . upstair hallway - moment later 46 with rodrick right on he tail , greg squeak into he room . he shut and lock the door behind he , leave a enraged rodrick in the hall . int . greg' bedroom - continuous 47 rodrick beat on the door . rodrick ( 0.s. ) you can not stay in there forever , greg ! I do not care how long it take , I be go to be right here , wait to kill you ! greg peek under he door . from greg 's Pov we see rodrick 's sneaker . greg sigh . int . greg 's bedroom - later 48 greg creep to the door , peek underneath it . from greg 's Pov we see rodrick 's sneaker be still there . bam bam bam , rodrick bang on the door . greg jump back . greg rodrick , time out , I have to pee . rodrick ( 0.s. ) no time out ! 49 50 51 52 53 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 26 . int . greg 's bedroom - night 49 night have fall outside greg 's window . greg peek under he door ; rodrick 's sneaker be still there . greg hop from one foot to the other ; he really have to pee . desperate , he put he hand on the doorknob . take it off . put it back on , take a breath , fling open the door and assume a fight stance ... but the hallway be empty . what ? greg look down , revealing rodrick 's empty sneaker . greg speed off to the bathroom . int . bathroom —- moment later 50 greg stand over the toilet and start to go . suddenly , rodrick leap out from behind the shower curtain . rodrick raaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhh ! !! greg aaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhh !!! startle , greg jump and twist and we hear the SOUND of pee splashing everywhere . int . bathroom - later 51 greg scrub the bathroom floor around the toilet . Susan stand over he . ext . sport court - night / day 52 it 's dark . time speed up , the sun rise , revealing the cheese . a little steam come off it as the day begin . int . school hallway - day 53 greg and rowley examine the activity board that be post on a cork wall . there 's a head for each activity ( Key Club , swim team , etc. ) with a sign - up sheet underneath . Angie walk up behind they and listen . rowley you do not like any of this stuff . greg I know , but if I be gonna be a class favorite I have to make a name for myself . ( continued ) diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 27 . 53 continued : 53 angie why do you want to be a class favorite ? startle , greg turn around to she . greg I do not say that . angie yeah , you do . greg no , I ... what probably happen be somebody yell it over there and the sound bounce off this wall behind I so it sound like I say it . rowley I have see that on scooby doo . a beat . Angie look at they , try to decide if they be kid . she forges ahead . angie okay . well , you should sign up for the school paper . we be the voice of the people -- well , the people be mostly idiot , so I guess technically we be the voice of the people make fun of the people . greg thanks , but I can not be on the paper because I be go to be in the paper a lot , so that would be a conflict of interest . Angie realize greg be not the fellow iconoclast she think he be . angie ohh . you be the people . get it . Angie walk off as patty farrell , a tall and aggressive girl , muscle greg and rowley out of the way . patty outta my way , dweeb . ( then ) oh. hello , greg. ( continued ) diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 28 . 53 continued : ( 2 ) 53 greg Patty . Patty haughtily turn to the activity board , sign up for something , and cross off . greg ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) man , if I know Patty farrell be go to whitmore , I have have begge Mom and dad to send I to private school . she 's be a problem since kindergarten . flashback to : 54 int . kindergarten classroom - day 54 greg and Patty sit with the rest of the class in front of they kindergarten teacher . kindergarten teacher can any of you tell I why Peter rabbit go into Mr. mcgregor 's garden ? Patty 's hand shoot up . kindergarten teacher ( cont ’d ) yes , Patty ? patty be it because greg heffley smell weird ? everyone laugh ; greg look pain . end flashback . 55 int . school hallway - day 55 fuming , greg watch Patty sashay down the hall . rowley ( be : activity board ) hey , they get wrestle this year . greg what ? greg look at the activity board and lock onto the word '' boy wrestling '' . CUT to : 56 57 58 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 29 . int . wrestling arena - fantasy 56 shot in black and white -- raging bull style . flashbulb pop , crowd of kid scream around the ring . greg , in a flamboyant pro wrestle costume , finish off a large hulk hogan - type opponent . a referee raise greg 's hand in victory . referee greg heffley win everything ! the crowd go wild in a blind blaze of flashbulb . freeze on greg . the image morph into a picture . CUT to : a OPEN yearbook - CLASS favorite section - fantasy 57 we see greg 's wrestle picture . the caption underneath read '' most athletic '' . CUT to : int . gym — day 58 a line of kid , include greg and rowley , shiver and shyly try to cover they personal part in they wrestling singlets . the only kid who do not seem self - conscious be fregley . they watch coach malone and he helper , coach harper , demonstrate wrestle hold on the mat . the coaches move into a stand clinch , which mean they be hold each other very close . coach malone okay gang , this be know as a clinch . greg wince ; this be not what he sign up for . he raise he hand . coach malone ( cont ’d ) what be it , heart murmur ? greg when be we go to learn pile driver and body slam ? coach malone pile driver and body slam be tv wrestle . it 's fake . kind of like you heart murmur . 59 60 61 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 30 . int . gym — day 59 the kid be line up in three group in front of three mat . we can not tell who 's in what group because of camera angle . coach malone okay , we have divide you up into weight class . ( point at group of big kid ) rottweiler , you be on mat one ... ( point at rowley 's medium group ) bulldog , you be on mat two ... reveal greg and fregley in they own group of two . coach malone ( cont ’d ) and chihuahua . let 's see you two try a clinch . greg look at fregley who whistle - breathes with excitement . int . gym - day 60 greg and fregley face off on the mat . greg ( v.o. ) I could not believe they be make I wrestle a little guy like fregley . I just hope I do not hurt he too bad . coach malone blow the whistle . greg and fregley go into a clinch . fregley immediately pin greg . coach malone blow the whistle again . ext . neighborhood STREET - day 61 greg and rowley ( who be push he Big wheel by the handlebar ) walk up a rather steep street . greg , look annoyed , toss a football up in the air . as they go ... rowley hey , you know , fregley 's just really good . greg he 's not good , he get lucky . I be not even try . greg stop walk , rowley continue to the top of the hill . ( continued ) 61 62 63 64 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 31 . continued : 61 greg ( cont 'd ) next time I will not go so easy on he . ( then ) you ready ? rowley point he Big wheel down the hill and get on . rowley ready . rowley take off down the hill as fast as he can . as he go , greg take aim . rowley , keep a eye on greg , pedal furiously to avoid get hit . greg fire the football at he . rowley swerve to the right to avoid the ball . greg miss high and the ball sail over rowley and knock a mailbox off its post . greg look around -- the homeowner open he front door . homeowner hey ! greg take off run . greg ( yell at rowley ) go , go ! int . gym - day 62 wrestling practice . greg step onto the mat and face fregley . this time he 's determine he 's go to show this kid who 's boss . coach malone blow the whistle . greg and fregley circle each other . then fregley charge greg , knock he to the ground and pin he . coach malone ( to greg ) keep at it , you will get ‘em next week . int . gym - day 63 on the mat . fregley immediately pin greg. coach malone blow the whistle . coach malone ( to greg ) that 's okay , next week be you week . int . gym - day 64 fregley pin greg ; this time he 's sit on greg 's face . ( continued ) 64 65 66 67 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 32 . continued : 64 greg blow the whistle , blow the whistle ! the coach do . greg look to he for encouragement . coach malone yeah , I get nothin’ . ext . sport court - day 65 close on the cheese as dead leave blow over it . greg ( v.o. ) so fregley 's clearly on steroid or something . ext . neighborhood STREET - day 66 super : '' Halloween . '' greg trudge home past house decorate for Halloween . greg ( v.o . ) Problem be , nobody ever get class favorite get he butt kick by a guy like fregley . suddenly , rowley -- dress in a impressively realistic '' knight '' costume -- jump out from behind a bush to startle greg. rowley en garde ! greg ( v.o . ) lucky for I , it 's Halloween . rowley proudly model he costume . rowley huh ? what do you think ? int . greg 's bedroom - evening 67 greg , in he pirate costume , write in he journal . greg ( v.o. ) I figure all I have to do be pig out on the candy I get and I ’11l bulk up enough to get out of fregley 's weight class . ( more ) ( continued ) 67 68 69 70 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 33 . continued : 67 greg ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I just have to make sure I get a ton of candy -- I have get no time to screw around at a haunt house like last year . flashback to : int . haunted house - night 68 greg , rowley and Susan enter a dark room . they walk a bit . suddenly , the ear -splitting SOUND of a chainsaw . the room be bath in red light , revealing a huge blood - soaked guy in a hockey mask revving a real chainsaw . on the ground be a bloody corpse whose arm have be chainsaw off . the chainsaw killer take a run at greg and rowley . greg /rowley aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh ! !!! just as chainsaw killer reach greg and rowley , Susan step in front of they . susan turn that off ! turn it off right now ! chainsaw killer do . susan that be not very nice . chainsaw killer ( chagrine teenage voice ) I be sorry , mar ’am . the Corpse get up to see what 's go on . susan ( to both of they ) you should be ashamed of yourselves . end flashback . int . greg' bedroom - continuous 69 the doorbell ring . excite , greg run out . int . heffley live room - night 70 greg answer the door . rowley stand there , he knight costume render completely uncool by orange reflective safety gear , include a safety flag tie to he belt . ( continued ) diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 34 . 70 continued : 70 greg what happen to you costume ? rowley my mom want I to be visible at night . greg sigh . 71 int . heffley kitchen - night 71 greg show rowley a hand -drawn map of they route . greg -.. so we will hit a few house on the way to the North side , which be where we will do most of we trick or treat . rowley why be we go all the way over there ? greg it 's where the rich people live and I need maximum candy to get out of the chihuahua . rodrick enter in full goth rock and roll mode . he 's wear eyeliner . greg ( cont 'd ) you look pretty . rodrick shut up , tool . lode diper 's get a gig tonight . rodrick snatch the map out of greg 's hand . rodrick ( cont ’d ) go to the North side , huh ? take you right past the Devil worshiper Woods . ( off greg and rowley ) you know that story , right ? greg and rowley shake they head '' no '' . rodrick lean over they , very serious . rodrick ( cont ’d ) well , there use to be a house ... ( point to map ) ( more ) ( continued ) 71 72 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft continued : rodrick ( cont ’d ) ... right here where this wood be . but a long time ago , two kid who be , I do not know , maybe in middle school , trick or treat that house on Halloween night . but the house be full of devil worshiper who stick the kid in giant oven and cook they and eat they . but they forget to turn off the oven and the house burn down with everyone in it . so the neighbor bury what be leave and swore nobody would ever live there again . greg and rowley 's eye be as big as saucer . rowley how would the tree get there ? rodrick ( same forbode tone ) and then they plant tree . rowley oh . rodrick and to this day , on Halloween night , you can hear the unearthly laughter of the devil worshiper ghost as they roam the wood look for more kid to eat . unseen by rodrick , Frank have enter and hear . frank Real nice , rodrick . rodrick turn around . frank ( cont 'd ) ( pain ) be you wear eyeliner ? int . heffley live room - night 35 . 71 72 greg and rowley be at the door , adjust they costume . manny ( dress as a pumpkin ) , enter with Susan and Frank . susan greg , manny want to go with you . manny run up to greg . ( continued ) 72 73 74 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio continued : manny bubby ! greg Mom , I tell you to make he stop call I that , what if somebody hear ? line -drawn animation - fantasy greg come out of school with a crowd of kid . manny wait for he . manny hi , bubby ! all the kid around greg point and laugh . int . heffley live room - continuous susan then they x11 know how much he love you . greg I can not take he , we be go to the North side . susan over by gramma 's house ? no , it 's too far . Frank , go with they . frank sorry , I can not . I have plan . Susan look at he suspiciously , then : susan no . no way . you be not sit in the bush all night this year so you can dump water on teenager . frank but they always tp we house . susan because you dump water on they ! draft 36 . 72 CUT to : 73 Susan and CUT to : 74 ( continued ) 74 75 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 37 . continued : 74 frank because they tp we . susan because you -- you be not do it again . I be still get dirty look from Sean simmon 's mother . greg laugh , remember . greg he be really mad . frank ( fond memory ) I totally nail he . ( off Susan 's look ) it 's my favorite part of Halloween . Susan be unmove . ext . greg 's STREET - night 75 greg , rowley , manny and Frank stop in front of a house with a jack - o- lantern on the front step . frank you want to give this house a try , manny ? they start to head up the walk , but manny see the jack - of - lantern . he scream bloody murder until they retreat a few step . greg come on , manny , it 's just a pumpkin . look , you be a pumpkin . manny look down at he costume and realize that 's true . he scream again . they move away and manny settles down , although periodically he glance at he costume , remind himself he 's a pumpkin , and make a startle squawk . frank okay , I think that 's about it . time to go home . greg but we have only be to three house . ( wave he almost empty candy bag ) i...only ... have ... three piece of candy !!! ( continued ) 75 76 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 38 . continued : 75 rowley ( uncharacteristically angry ) Three !!! frank all right , all right . you guy can go on you own . but stay in the neighborhood . no North side , okay ? greg I promise . they watch Frank and manny head home . as soon as they be out of sight , greg and rowley take off run . ext . NORTH side STREET - night 76 greg and rowley leave a house , they bag bulg with candy . rowley that guy give I a full size snicker . greg yeah , this people get money to burn . just then , a pickup roll up on they . two high school kid ( carter and pete ) be in the cab , with two more ( CHRIS and WADE ) in the pickup bed . greg and rowley watch as the pickup slow to a crawl in front of they . WADE produce a FIRE extinguisher and sprays they . greg / rowley aaaaahhhhhh ! rowley raise he knight shield and manage to block most of it . the pickup speed off . greg step out into the street . greg we be call the cop ! brake light . greg ( cont 'd ) uh-oh . reverse light . rowley oh boy . ( continued ) 76 77 78 79 80 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 39 . continued : 76 the pickup speed back towards they . greg and rowley take off down the street , but the pickup give chase . greg take a leave into a driveway . greg this way . ext . someone 's backyard - night 77 as greg and rowley climb a fence ... rowley where be we go ? they get over the fence and run down a driveway to ... ext . NORTH side STREET - night 78 ... the next block . there 's the truck . they take off down the street , the pickup close in , the teens inside whooping and holler . as they approach a house ... greg this be it . the pickup stop in front of the house . carter you guy be dead ! greg and rowley run to the front door as the teens bail out of the truck . ext . gramma 's house - night 79 rowley watch greg search under the welcome mat . rowley whose house be this ? greg my gramma 's . she 's out of town . greg find the key , unlock the door and they run in the house with second to spare . int . gramma 's house - night 80 breathe heavily , greg and rowley creep around to the live room window and peek outside . the four teens , they face press against the window , look right back at they . ( continued ) diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 80 continued : CHRIS ( yell through glass ) what be you gonna do , get you mommy ? rowley ( yell back ) we can not , it 's not we house , it 's he gramma 's and she 's not even home . greg stare at rowley in disbelief . greg what -- why would you tell they that ? rowley oops. 81 int . gramma 's house - night 40 . 80 81 it 's later , and greg and rowley have leave the house dark . they peek out the window again . the teens lean against the pickup and watch the house ; they show no sign of leave . rowley you need to call you mom to come get we . greg great idea . '' hey Mom , can you come pick we up on the North side where you tell we not to go ? oh , and by the way , we break into gramma 's house , so that 's where we will be . '' you call you mom . rowley I better not . she already think you be a bad influence . ( big smile ) and she 's right . greg look outside at the teens . greg we be go to have to bust out of here . rowley how ? 82 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 4l . ext . gramma 's house - night 82 the teens hang out by they pickup watch the house . a loud whirring SOUND come from the garage . they walk over to look . WADE what 's that ? CHRIS over here . gramma 's garage door slowly open and reveal greg and rowley as silhouettes backlit by the garage light . greg hold a weed whacker and rowley hold a leaf blower . the door thump fully open and rowley and greg fire up they garden implement . the motor scream as rowley and greg run / stumble under the weight of they toward the teens . the teens laugh at first , but they begin to back off as the leaf blower blow dirt and leave into they eye and greg wave the heavy weed whacker ( over which he have little control ) at they . they reach the pickup . greg you better leave we alone unless you want a taste of this . he jab the weed whacker at they to make he point , but lose control a little and put a gash in the fender of the pickup . pete be you kid I ?! Pete make a move toward greg . greg squeeze the trigger on the weed whacker too fast and flood the engine . it sputter and die . as greg frantically try to restart it ... pete I be gonna rip you arm off and then punch you in the face with you own fist . rowley provide cover with the leaf blower as he and greg slowly back away . rowley there 's no place leave to go . greg there 's one place . he point to the wood . ( continued ) 82 83 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 42 . continued : 82 rowley the Devil worshiper wood ? the teens be get too close . greg run ! they drop the machine and hightail it toward the wood . pete they be go into the wood . carter yeah , I be not go in there . pete ( call after they ) this be not over ! ext . devil worshiper wood - night 83 music cue : '' run through the jungle '' by ccr . all be shot shaky hand -held style , in greenish night vision . greg and rowley race through the wood , trip and yell in fear every time a tree branch or bush graze they . they stop to catch they breath , both of they breathe heavily . rowley which way ? greg we just keep run , rowley . suddenly , a strange , high - pitched unearthly laughter fill the wood . they look around frantically for the source , the shaky camera mimick they move , then look at each other , scared beyond belief . greg /rowley aaaaaaahhhhhh !!! they run off . a beat as we stay on the patch of wood they have leave . then , movement . first , a strange , bob head . it look like ... a child in costume ? it 's fregley , dressed as a medieval court jester , laughing weirdly and clutching a pillowcase full of candy . he skip happily through the frame . 84 85 86 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 43 . ext . heffley house - night 84 exhausted , greg and rowley finally stop run when they reach the sidewalk in front of greg 's house . rowley be we safe ? greg yeah . and we make it with all we candy . they high five . suddenly they be soaked in water . they look up to see Frank stand there with a empty trashcan . frank ( stifles a laugh ) sorry . I do not know it be you . ext . STREET - day 85 super : '' November . Sunday . '' Susan and greg be drive . they pass by gramma 's house and see that it have be extensively and thoroughly tp 'ed . Susan and greg stare at it in shock . susan oh my gosh , look at that . what would make they pick gramma 's house ? greg ( v.o . ) I keep my mouth shut . I do feel a little bad , because it look like it be gonna take a long time to clean up . but on the bright side , gramma be retire so she probably do not have anything plan for today anyway . ext . neighborhood STREET - day 86 greg and rowley ( push he Big wheel ) walk up the same steep street like before . greg have he football tuck under he arm and be attempt to unwrap a wet candy bar . rowley how be it ? greg Gross . but it 's worth it . I just need to gain one more pound before wrestle practice . ( continued ) diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 44 , 86 continued : 86 rowley shake he head admiringly . rowley gosh , you get to eat all that chocolate . I almost wish I be as bad a wrestler as you . greg top of the hill , rowley . 87 ext . neighborhood STREET - moment later 87 rowley come scream down the hill on the Big wheel . greg cock he arm and fire the football at he . the ball go wide and nail a park car , put a dent in the door . the car alarm goe off . greg ( to rowley ) go , go ! greg grab the football , take a frighten look around , and take off run . 88 int . gym — day 88 greg and rowley be in they singlet wait to weigh in for coach malone . greg be eat another gross wet candy bar . they see bryce anderson -- a cool kid in a basketball uniform -- talk to two cute girl in cheerlead outfit ( shelly and marly ) . rowley Girls really like bryce Anderson . greg yeah . get this , apparently it 's because bryce have a '' cute butt '' . rowley a cute butt ? but it 's a butt . greg I know , but I hear shelly say it . and it be definitely a good thing . rowley chew over what greg just say . rowley jeez . greg , look nauseous , stuff the last of a candy bar into he mouth . ( continued ) 88 89 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 45 . continued : 88 rowley ( cont 'd ) you ready ? greg burp then sigh . greg yeah . greg step onto the scale . coach malone congratulation , heffley , you move up to bulldog . and here 's you new wrestle partner . coach malone point off . greg look to see Patty farrell in a singlet stride toward the mat . greg what ? but this be boy 's wrestle . patty ever hear of title nine ? coach malone her parent threaten to sue . int . gym - a little later 89 greg face Patty on the mat . they circle each other . patty come on , what be you wait for ? greg turn to the coach . greg she 's a girl , I do not know where to grab she . Patty see she open and violently pin greg , slamm he to the ground . rowley cheer wildly for greg , but it 's clear Patty 's get he immobilize in a horribly embarrassing and intimate position . flashbulb . greg look around and see Angie stand off to the side and point a camera at he . finally , coach malone blow the whistle and greg untangle himself from Patty , who take she sweet time get off of he . greg get off I ! ( continued ) 89 90 91 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 46 . continued : 89 patty ( to coach ) can I wrestle somebody good now ? greg cross to coach malone . greg that 's it . I quit . coach malone yeah , I do not blame you . int . homeroom - day 90 the '' whitmore warbler '' , the school newspaper , slam down on greg 's desk . on the front page above the fold be a photo of greg be pinned by patty . greg ( to himself ) oh no , oh no , oh no , oh no , oh no . greg 's head be turn away from the camera so you can not make out who he be . the headline read : '' a great day for women '' . the subhead read : '' unidentified male Student pin by female wrestler '' . greg look up . Angie stare at he impassively for a moment , then move on to distribute papers to the rest of the class . he look around , no one seem to recognize he . greg ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) okay , you be okay . he breathes a sigh of relief . just then rowley run up to he with a newspaper of he own . rowley greg , check it out , you get you picture in the paper ! ( to everyone , proud and loud ) greg 's in the paper ! greg look at rowley incredulously as the other student overhear and begin to laugh at he . int . school hallway - day 91 greg walk down the hall . in greg 's Pov , quick cut to various student as they look at the picture of greg in the paper and howl with laughter . ( continued ) diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 47 . 91 continued : 91 it become like a horror movie as they face be distort by funhouse lens effect and they laughter echoe through the hallway grow louder and louder . greg rush down the hall and out of the building . 92 int . kitchen - day 92 greg trudge into the kitchen to find rodrick sit at the table grin broadly . he hold up the school paper . rodrick hey . I hear it 's a great day for woman . greg throw he backpack on the floor . greg this be all rowley 's fault , he 's the one who sell I out . rodrick what do you expect , he 's a even bigger loser than you . I have tell you to dump he , but it 's fun watch he take you down . 93 int . greg 's room - just later 93 greg throw himself on he bed , annoyed . he pick up he journal and start to sketch . greg ( v.o. ) rodrick be right . rowley 's be my problem this whole time . flashback to : 94 ext . whitmore middle school - day 94 as greg and rowley exit with other student : rowley hey greg , after school you want to come over and ( echo effect ) plaayyy ?! flashback to : 95 ext . whitmore middle school - day 95 the bike rack in front of school . the front wheel of each arrive student 's bike be shove into the slot . bike . ( continued ) 95 96 97 98 99 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 48 . continued : 95 bike . bike . bike . bike . Big wheel . except it do not fit . pull back to see rowley try to wrestle he Big wheel into the bike rack as other kid laugh and greg shake he head in disappointment . flashback to : int . school hallway - day 96 greg and rowley approach bryce Anderson who be surround by a gaggle of girl , include shelly and marley . greg ( to rowley ) there 's bryce Anderson , be cool . they walk up to the group . rowley ( try to be cool ) hey bryce , nice butt . everyone stare at rowley aghast . end flashback . int . greg 's room - continuous 97 he be still write in he journal . greg ( v.o. ) I know if I want to change my situation at school , I be gonna have to find myself a new best friend . CUT to : insert - best friend photograph 98 greg and rowley be side by side at the beach , smile for the camera . the half of the photograph feature rowley 's face begin to spin like a slot machine . greg 's face be stationary in the first reel while the second reel spin . CUT to : int . school hallway - day 99 greg head down the hall toward the boy room . he fall into step with collin , a classmate about he age . collin hey , greg . ( continued ) 99 100 101 102 103 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 49 . continued : greg hey , collin . greg look at collin appraisingly . greg ( cont 'd ) go to the bathroom ? collin yeah . greg look like we get a lot in common . they exit into the boy room . CUT to : insert - best friend photograph the second reel stop spin . collin 's face click into position next to greg . CUT to : int . boy restroom - day greg and collin take they place at the urinal . unlike greg , who go with he pants up , collin fully drop he drawer to he ankle . greg can not believe it . CUT to : insert - best friend photograph the second reel begin to spin again . Collins 's out . CUT to : int . school hallway - continuous greg hurriedly exit the boy room and head down the hall . greg ( v.o. ) if I be go to replace rowley , it would be pretty dumb of I to replace he with rowley , Jr. the problem be there be not a lot of good best friend option around . 99 100 101 102 103 104 105 106 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 50 . insert - best friend photograph 104 greg be still in the first reel , the second reel be spin . quentin 's face click into place . greg ( v.o. ) too annoying . the second reel spin again . chirag gupta 's face click into place . greg ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) too depress . the second reel spin again . fregley 's face click into place . greg ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) no explanation need . a series of several more candidate , each weirder - look than the next , click briefly into place . the second reel move faster and faster until the face be a blur . rowley ( 0.s. ) greg ! int . cafeteria 105 greg look up to see rowley smile and motion he over to they two corner chair . when greg look at rowley 's innocent , smile face he suddenly wonder if he be do the right thing . greg ( v.o. ) what be I think ? I could not just dump rowley . the kid have be lose without I . but I could fix he and change everything about he that bug I . because I be a good friend , and that 's the kind of thing good friend do . he return rowley 's smile . CUT to : insert - best friend photograph 106 the second reel stop spin ; rowley 's face click back into place next to greg. pull back ... CUT to : 107 108 109 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 51 . int . rowley 's room - day 107 ...to reveal the photograph be hang on the wall in rowley 's room . greg go through the clothes in rowley 's closet as rowley look on . greg pull out a shirt that have a picture of rowley and he mom . underneath the picture it say '' I and my mommy . '' greg this one 's gotta go . rowley that be a present from my mom . greg well then you mom be try to get you kill . he throw the shirt on the floor . int . heffley live room - day 108 rowley sit in a chair . greg pace in front of he like a instructor . rowley want to come over and hang out ? greg good . now this time act like you do not care if I do or not . rowley but I do care . greg but you should act like you have something better go on . rowley be not that mean ? greg no , it will make people like you . ( off rowley 's confusion ) people be weird , rowley , what do you want I to say ? int . heffley kitchen - day 109 greg and rowley sit at the table , rowley have a notebook and pen . greg be hold rodrick 's yearbook . ( continued ) 109 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 52 . continued : 109 he flip to a page and hold it up for rowley to see . it be a picture of a kid skateboarding down the front step of the school . rowley cool . greg nod , flip to another page , hold it up . it 's a picture of some punky kide hold guitar . rowley ( cont 'd ) cool . greg flip to another page , hold up another picture . it 's a kid in a safari helmet hold a box of mount butterfly . rowley ( cont 'd ) dork ? greg good . greg hold up another picture - a kid wearing a sash that read '' spell bee Champion '' and be hand a trophy . rowley smile , this one be easy . rowley cool . greg groan . greg no , dork . dork ! he 's wear a sash for godssake . we see rowley jot something in he notebook . we can read the word '' sash no good '' at the bottom of a list that include '' no pic mommy '' , '' long hair ok skateboard '' and '' butterfly = death '' . int . greg 's room - day 110 greg hand rowley a backpack . rowley start to put it on . greg no , one strap . one strap be cool . he demonstrate with he own backpack . rowley but there 's two strap . why would they put two strap on if you be only suppose to use one ? ( continued ) 110 111 112 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 53 . continued : 110 greg just trust I , rowley , have I ever steer you wrong ? rowley yeah , a lot . greg one strap , rowley ! ext . rowley 's garage - day 111 greg wheel rowley 's bike out of the garage . it be dusty and have see very little service . greg the Big wheel have to go . you be in middle school now . man up . rowley but I do not really know how -- greg every kid in the history of forever could ride a bike . you will be fine . rowley mount the bike and start to roll down the driveway . he quickly lose control and crash . ext . school - morning 112 greg wait by the bike rack in front of school watch as rowley ride up . in slo -mo : we get a good look at the '' improve '' rowley . he look terrify and be tilting to one side from the weight of he giant backpack which be sling over one shoulder . he roll slowly , wobble precariously . he be barely able to stop in time to avoid crash into the bike rack . rowley ( slo - mo effect ) aaah . end slo -mo . as rowley stand by the bike rack , gasp for air . greg ( v.o. ) I do not want to get ahead of myself , but I will say I do a amazing job of improve rowley . he be ready to be the friend of a class favorite . 113 114 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 54 . int . homeroom - just later 113 the class be in they seat as Ms. darnell make some morning announcement . ms . darnell ..- and finally , there be some spot available on Safety patrol . if anyone 's interested , see I after homeroom . this get greg 's attention . CUT to : int . futuristic military locker room - fantasy 114 a series of quick cut of greg as he suit up for Safety patrol . Orange vest strapped on . side of vest cinched . badge clipped on . sneaker lace tightened . sunscreen slap on . CUT to : int . school hallway - fantasy 115 greg and he fellow Safety patrol strut down the hallway in slo mo through a haze of smoke a la the right stuff . greg pass shelly and marley who watch he and giggle . shelly greg heffley have a cute butt . CUT to : a OPEN yearbook - CLASS favorite section - fantasy 116 a full page photo of greg with he back to we , look over he shoulder at the camera . the caption read '' best butt '' . CUT to : int . homeroom - later 117 the class be go . greg and rowley be at Ms. darnell 's desk . she hand they badge and orange vest . ms . darnell okay , you will be walk the kindergartner home after they half day . ( more ) ( continued ) 117 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 55 . continued : 117 ms. darnell ( cont 'd ) they go right after lunch , so you will be excuse from the first twenty minute of sixth period . rowley but that mean we will miss half of alge - greg give rowley a big pinch . rowley ( cont 'd ) -- brahooey ! int . school hallway - day 118 greg saunter toward the front door of the school with rowley . they be in they orange plastic Safety patrol vest and each have a cup of steaming cocoa . greg ( v.o. ) so we enlist . and get this , because Safety patrol be outside a lot , we get special , exclusive Safety patrol cocoa . greg take a sip of he cocoa , collin pass by . Angie be further down the hall . collin wow . be that cocoa ? greg ( officious ) sorry . Safety patrol only . greg continue on , rowley shoot collin a rueful look . rowley sorry . Angie be annoyed by greg 's attitude toward collin . angie you might want to ease up a little , heffley . greg huh ? angie I mean , it 's just Safety patrol . in middle school . it 's the lowest of the low . ( continued ) 118 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 56 . continued : 118 greg I do not think you understand the seriousness of we job . greg throw open the front door to reveal Ms. darnell wait outside with EIGHT little kindergarten kide . ms . darnell okay , this be the kid you 's 1ll be walk home . angie actually , it 's the lowest of the lowest of the low . greg glare at she . ext . elementary school - day 119 super : '' December . Wednesday . '' greg and rowley be at the foot of the elementary school step with the kindergartner line up in a row on the sidewalk . rowley suddenly see the pickup truck from halloween almost upon they . rowley greg , it 's that guy from Halloween . greg look where rowley be point and see the pickup . extreme close - ups : shredd paint on the side of the truck ; Pete behind the wheel ; Wade in the pickup bed with the fire extinguisher . as the truck pass they , pete sees greg . greg sees pete see he . the truck stop and quickly reverse back to where greg and rowley be stand . but now it 's just the kindergartner -- no greg and rowley . Pete put the truck in park and be about to investigate when a car honk behind they . Wade start pound on the back window . WADE ( be : car behind they ) dude , it 's principal kinney , go go go ! as Pete throw it in drive and speed away , the camera move up and over the confuse kindergartner to find greg and rowley flat on the ground behind they . ( continued ) 120 121 122 123 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 57 . continued : 119 greg that be close . rowley so close . rowley look at greg a beat then smile . greg start to chuckle . as they laugh together ... ext . sport court - day 120 Close on the cheese as snow fall on it . ext . middle school - afternoon 121 kid pour out of the school , happy to escape captivity . greg stand by the curb , in he Safety patrol badge and vest . he see some kid step into the street . greg wait for the light , people . feeling pretty good about himself , greg turn back toward the school as the kide shrug and cross anyway . greg ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) there 's just something about a man in uniform . even a plastic one . now that I be on Safety patrol everything be fall into place , I be on the road to class favorite . ext . heffley house - day 122 the house be decorate for Christmas with twinkly light and a wreath on the door . greg ( v.o. ) so I go into Christmas vacation feel pretty good and ready to enjoy we heffley family holiday tradition . int . heffley live room - night 123 greg , Frank and rodrick sit on the couch eat pie and watch a bikini beach movie on tv . a decorate tree glow behind they . it 's nice , peaceful even . rodrick notice manny on the floor go through he backpack . rodrick manny , get out of my stuff ! ( continued ) 123 124 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 58 . continued : 123 manny slowly turn he head and glare at rodrick for a beat . he then walk over and squeeze in on the end of the couch next to they . angle on the tv , on which two young woman in bikinis be bouncily run in slo-motion on the beach . pan down the row of heffley men -- first Frank , then rodrick , then greg all with the same enthralled expression . finally , we land on manny , who start to yell . manny aaaaah ! aaaaah ! aaaaah ! Susan run in . susan what ? what 's go on ? then she see the tv . susan ( cont 'd ) what be you watch ? turn that off . rodrick what ? why ? susan I do not want manny expose to that kind of thing . woman be more than just a place to hang a bikini . greg but this woman be smart . tracey and sabrina be about to solve a dognapp . Susan look at Frank . frank I tell they to turn it off . manny grab the remote and change the channel to a cartoon . he then turn to rodrick and smile . ext . STREET - day 124 greg and rowley be walk up the hill . rowley have he Big wheel , greg have the football . ( continued ) 124 125 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft continued : greg I be think when we get back to school , it 's time for I to really make my move . maybe run for student council . something easy , like treasurer . rowley be not that a lot of math ? greg you could do the math . you could be the man behind the man . rowley I get a C in math . greg hm . greg stop , rowley continue to the top of the hill . greg ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I do not know exactly what it be go to be , I just know I need my big break . rowley turn he Big wheel downhill . greg ( cont 'd ) ready ? 59 . 124 rowley take off down the hill . as rowley speed past on the Big wheel , greg fire a tight spiral directly at he . ball hit rowley 's front wheel . greg yes ! the rowley and the big wheel be knocked off course , hit a curb , and go airborne . rowley fly through the air , then crash into a snow drift . greg ( v.o. ) only the way it turn out , the big break be not mine . ext . whitmore middle school - day super : '' January . Monday . '' student trudge into the school . 125 126 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 60 . int . school hallway - morning 126 rowley 's leave hand be in a cast . he stand at he locker . reveal greg a few foot away look at he sheepishly . he take a deep breath , cross to rowley . greg ( keep it light ) hey , that be some ride , rowley . rowley hmm . shelly and marley pass by . shelly notice rowley 's cast and stop . shelly oh my gosh , what happen ? rowley break it . shelly how ? rowley Big wheel accident . shelly and marley laugh . marley you be funny . shelly do it still hurt ? rowley I guess . marley you poor thing . shelly can I sign you cast ? marley I , too ! other girl gather around rowley and push greg further and further back until he be shove right out of the crowd . greg do not like be stick on the outside and push he way back into the circle . ( continued ) 126 127 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 61 . continued : 126 greg hey ! hey ! I be the one who break he hand . the girl all turn to look at greg . shelly then you be a jerk . the girl turn back to rowley as greg slink away . int . school cafeteria - day 127 greg , with he lunch tray , head toward he usual seat at the edge of the room when he see something shocking . rowley at a table with shelly , marley and some other popular girl . there be no empty seat . as greg watch , shelly feed rowley a bite of food . rowley say something greg can not hear and the girl laugh . this push greg to he limit . greg ( v.o. ) I could not believe it . rowley be eat at a actual table -- and all because of a stupid break hand . and he do not even care where he eat . if anyone should be at a table , it 's I . he look out across the room , at the table full of unwelcome kid . his eye fall on Angie who be sit at a table nearby . there be a empty seat next to she . angie I would ask you to join I , but this table 's for people on the paper , not in the paper . greg sigh and head in the other direction , back to he usual place . he stop when see fregley be sit in rowley 's old seat . but greg really have no place else to go . he glumly sit . fregley hey greg heffley , want to see I eat my whole sandwich in one bite ? greg no thanks . but fregley do it anyway , stuff he entire sandwich into he mouth . he grin and point to he mouth , '' see , do it ! '' greg 's eye drift back to rowley 's table . 128 129 130 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 62 . int . greg 's bedroom - later 128 greg be on he bed , sketching in he journal . we see a cartoon of rowley at the lunch table with the girl . greg ( v.o. ) I realize rowley 's injury thing be a pretty good racket , so I decide it be time for I to have a injury of my own . int . school hallway - day 129 greg throw he backpack in he locker . we see that one arm be now wrap in gauze . he grab a notebook from he locker and cross to shelly and marley . he thrust he arm toward the girl . greg hey guy , check it out . shelly oh my gosh , what happen ? greg it 's a raging infection cause by a splinter that be leave untreated . the girl just look at he . he hold up he notebook . greg want to be the first to sign my sympathy sheet ? the girl wrinkle they nose in disgust and walk away . fregley approach . fregley can I peek at you infection ? greg go away . int . homeroom - day 130 the kid be hang around before homeroom start . greg enter , unwrap the gauze from he hand . as he stuff it in the trash he notice rowley and collin talk . rowley ... and on the x- ray you could see where the bone just snap right in half . ( continued ) diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 63 . 130 continued : 130 collin wow . I break a toe once . it get all purple . rowley cool. chirag hey Gregory , want to sign the card ? greg you get rowley a card ?! chirag what ? no . it 's for bryan Little , you know the guy who do that wacky dawg cartoon for the school paper ? he have mono and he 's go to be out for three month . greg notice that a bunch of kid be gather around the teacher 's desk signing a big posterboard card . the card have a draw of a dog with a sad face and say '' we be go to miss you , wacky dawg . '' greg ( suddenly interested ) bryan Little 's sick ? so who 's go to do the cartoon ? chirag they be have tryout . but the important thing be that bryan get better . greg ( distract ) uh-huh . greg ( v.o . ) this be what I would be wait for all year . everyone love the cartoon guy . I mean , bryan Little be class clown last year because of wacky dawg . and I draw cartoon all the time , it 's like my biggest talent . I know I could take something like this right to the top . CUT to : 131 132 133 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 64 . int . charlie rose show - fantasy 131 Charlie Rose be interview greg , who look natty in a tweed blazer with leather elbow patch . charlie rose let 's talk about how funny you be . what be that greg heffley '' thing '' that we all want but only you have ? greg it 's three thing , Charlie . charisma . good look . humility . CUT to : a OPEN yearbook - CLASS favorite section - fantasy 132 a full page photo of greg hold up several school paper cartoon . the caption read '' class clown '' . CUT to : int . heffley kitchen - day 133 greg and rowley sit at the kitchen table draw cartoon . greg ( v.o. ) I decide to go ahead and forgive rowley for milk the break hand so hard , and tell he he could work on the cartoon with I . chuckle , rowley hand greg a piece of paper . rowley here , what about this ? greg look at it , it 's a series of three cartoon . each one end with the punchline '' Zoo wee mama ! '' rowley ( cont 'd ) ( excited ) Zoo wee mama ! greg it 's the same joke every time . rowley yeah . Zoo wee mama ! rowley crack up . ( continued ) diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 65 . 133 continued : 133 greg we can not just do the same thing over and over . rowley we can if it 's Zoo wee mama . greg toss rowley 's papers aside . greg it need to be a little more sophisticated . like mine be about a really dumb guy and he do dumb stuff that 's funny . greg pick up a pencil ... CUT to : 134 insert - creighton the cretin cartoon 134 the cartoon begins to draw itself as greg doe the voice . first frame : creighton hold something shape like a box in he hand . creighton I wonder what be in this cute little box . second frame : creighton have be join by a kid ina baseball cap ( creighton 's friend ) . the kid point at creighton ... creighton 's friend that 's not a box , it 's a brick , you dumb moron ! creighton oops . I have be try to open it all day . CUT to : 135 int . heffley kitchen - day 135 the draw in front of greg be now finish . greg look to rowley , expect he to laugh at the cartoon . rowley ( unsmile ) can he say Zoo wee mama ? ( continued ) 135 136 137 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 66 . continued : 135 greg rowley , forget Zoo wee mama . this be serious business . do you want I to be class clown or do not you ? rowley but I like Zoo wee mama . greg you know what , if you like it so much then you should just go do it yourself . the idea of do it alone have never occur to rowley . he think about it . rowley ( shrug ) okay . see ya . rowley grab he cartoon and go . greg be clearly surprised by this flash of independence . ext . whitmore middle school - day 136 super : '' February . Wednesday . '' it be a bleak , gray rainy day . greg ( v.o. ) Safety patrol be get to be a drag because of the weather . but I figure once I get the cartoon , I have just dump it anyway . int . school hallway - day 137 greg cross to rowley who be at he locker . greg I forget my raincoat so I be gonna need you to walk the kid home today . rowley I can not . I can not get my cast wet . rowley hold up he break hand . greg sigh . rowley you can borrow my coat . he hold up a bright red slicker . 138 139 140 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 67 . ext . STREET - day 138 greg , wear rowley 's coat with the hood up , be hunch against the rain as he herd the kindergartner along the wet sidewalk . suddenly , he see the teen 's truck make a turn toward they at the end of the street . he stop cold . greg oh no . greg frantically look around for a escape route , but there 's nothing but house . one of the house be be renovate ; the construction site be desert . then he spy it : a construction dumpster . it 's he only hope . he look at the truck , which be get closer . he spin around at the kid . greg okay , listen up ! we be be attack by space monster and they be go to eat we unless we can get into that dumpster ! now follow I if you want to live ! ext . construction site - moment later 139 greg be hoist terrify kid into the dumpster . greg look up to see the truck stop at a stop sign just a half block away . greg come on ! move it ! l let 's go ! greg help what he think be the last kid in the dumpster , but look over and see a one small straggler in a puffy parka wander off . greg take off for the kid . slo -mo : greg race across the site to the kid , hoist he over he shoulder like a soldier carry a fall comrade , stagger - run back to the dumpster , and throws the kid in . we watch the kid arc through the AIR and disappear inside the dumpster . end slo - mo . greg do not have time to take a breath because the truck be bear down on they . he turn around to get into the dumpster himself and be confront by yet another kid he forget , a big husky one this time . ext . constrution site - moment later 140 greg strain to push the hefty kid into the dumpster . he 's almost get he in , but ... it 's too late . the truck be on they ... but it 's not the teen 's truck at all . ( continued ) 140 141 142 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 68 . continued : 140 same color , make , and model , but a lone woman be inside it , drive . phew . he relax he grip on the kid who teeter on the edge of the dumpster ... mrs . irvine ( 0.s. ) hey ! hey you ! greg look over , letting go of the kid , who fall in . it 's mrs . irvine , a older woman stand on she porch in a housecoat , and she do not look happy . her hair be in curler under a clear plastic rain bonnet . mrs . irvine ( mad ) rowley jefferson , be that you ? greg ( hide he face ) yes , Mrs. irvine . Mrs. irvine walk toward he . panicked , greg turn tail and run off before she can see he face . ext . construction site - moment later 141 Mrs. irvine look inside the dumpster . a dog pile of kid crowded into the dirty dumpster look back up at she . with she curler under the rain bonnet and she makeup run in the rain , she look a little scary . one boy kindergartner clear he throat . boy kindergartner be you go to eat we ? int . homeroom - day 142 the kid be watch the principal , mr . winsky , make announcement on the close circuit tv on the wall . he read from papers in front of he like a newscaster . mr . winsky ++. so to whoever take the lizard out of the science lab and put it in my car , you should know that it be very cold yesterday and the lizard be now in intensive care . Mr. winsky set aside that paper and read another announcement . mr . winsky ( cont ’d ) on a happier note , they have select the new cartoon for the school paper . ( continued ) 142 143 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 69 . continued : 142 a murmur of excitement go through the class . greg smile expectantly . mr . winsky ( cont ’d ) the winner be ... greg lean forward in he chair , prepare to stand up and accept congratulation . mr . winsky ( cont ’d ) ... " Zoo wee mama '' by rowley jefferson ! greg be shocked . everyone clap for rowley . greg ( v.o . ) I could not believe it . but I guess it say a lot about the intelligence level at my school , and it do not make I feel real hopeful about the future of we country . int . hallway - day 143 greg grimly stand next to rowley who be be chatted up by shelly and marley . rowley be bask in the attention . shelly will you put I in you cartoon ? rowley sure . heh-heh . marley and I too -- ooh , I want to be the one who say Zoo wee mama . rowley okay . Angie approach . angie hey , rowley , congratulation . rowley thanks . angie you deserve it . I read all the submission and yours be definitely the best . ( to greg ) I read yours , too . ( continued ) 143 144 145 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 70 . continued : 143 Angie cross away as bryce pass . bryce hey , rowley . rowley hey. ( happily , to greg ) wow , everyone know I now . it 's like I be famous . greg be dead inside . int . history CLASS - day 144 Mr. Worth address the class . mr. worth .-+- so why do America send soldier to England ? bryce because America rock ! mr. worth well ... yes . but in this case it be because Germany have ... ( write on board ) ... invade -- Mr. Worth drop he chalk . mr. worth Zoo wee mama ! the whole class crack up ( except for greg ) and bryce high - fives rowley . greg ( v.o. ) well , the failure of the public school system be complete . the way I see it , rowley and the rest of this bozo deserve each other . int . school hallway - day 145 greg and rowley be walk down the hall . they pass a door that '' mr . winsky , principal '' . Mr. winsky stick he head out ; he do not look happy . mr . winsky rowley jefferson ? ( continued ) 145 146 147 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 71 . continued : 145 rowley yes , principal winsky ? mr . winsky I need to see you in my office . rowley shoot greg a worried look and cross to Mr. winsky . they go in the office and Mr. winsky shut the door . greg look around to make sure nobody 's watch , then cross to the door , peek in the glass window pane . int . mr. winsky 's office —- continuous 146 Mr. winsky sit at he desk . rowley sit in the chair across from he . he look very small . we see greg hover just outside the door , but Mr. winsky do not notice he . mr . winsky I get a call from Mrs. irvine about what happen with the kindergartner last week . she 's very upset . rowley look confuse . int . hallway - continuous 147 back with greg outside the door . he look alarmed . he peek in the window again . from he perspective we see Mr. winsky really lay into rowley . mr . winsky .+- you bring dishonor to we school and you disrespect the badge . rowley I really do not -- mr . winsky save it . you be go to apologize to that kid tomorrow and you be suspend from Safety patrol for a week . include cocoa . now get out of here . rowley yes sir . rowley exit Mr. winsky 's office , join greg in the hall . rowley ( devastate ) I be suspend for a week . I do not even know what 's he 's talk about . ( continued ) diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 72 . 147 continued : 147 rowley trudge to he locker , greg watch he go . greg rowley , I ... rowley what ? greg nothing . 148 int . heffley kitchen - later 148 greg come home . Susan be there , cooking dinner . she take one look at he and know something be up . susan be you okay ? greg hesitates a beat , then : greg I do not know , I be in kind of a tough situation . susan sit. tell I . greg and Susan sit at the table . greg I know something and if I tell the truth about it , it could hurt somebody . greg ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) namely I , but I keep that part to myself . susan well , I think you can never go wrong be honest . on greg think : flashback to : 149 int . heffley kitchen - night 149 the family be celebrate grampa heffley 's birthday . Susan set a cake down in front of grampa . ( continued ) 149 150 151 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 73 . continued : 149 susan make a wish , grampa ! grampa I wish for chocolate cake next year . greg if you be alive next year . everyone glare at greg . greg hey , I be just try to be realistic . end flashback . int . heffley kitchen - day 150 Susan and greg continue they talk . susan you just have to go with you gut and try to do the right thing , because it 's we choice that make we who we be . greg nod . Susan kiss greg and exit . greg chew over what she have just say . ext . elementary school —- morning 151 greg be walk to school . he have dark circle under he eye and look glum . greg ( v.o. ) I be up all night toss and turn about this rowley situation , but I finally figure out what the right thing to do be . he stop . reveal greg be stand across the street from the elementary School . on the step of the school be rowley , Mr. winsky and the kindergarten student . rowley ( to kid ) I be sorry I terrorize you child . the child look at each other , confuse . greg ( v.o. ) I decide to let rowley take one for the team this time . ( more ) ( continued ) 151 152 153 154 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 74 . continued : 151 greg ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) now that he have the cartoon he do not even need Safety patrol anymore . really , I be probably do he a favor . head bow , rowley sadly hand Mr. winsky he badge . int . heffley kitchen -- day 152 greg come in the back door from school wear he backpack . Susan turn around from baking something . susan how would it go ? do you do the right thing ? greg I think so . Susan smile , proud of he . int . ice cream parlor - day 153 greg be in a booth with Susan . a giant hot fudge sundae be place in front of he . susan dig in . you earn it . greg take a bite . it 's sawdust in he mouth . ext . whitmore middle school - day 154 rowley be sit on the front step . greg approach ; he notice rowley steal a sad glance at he safety patrol gear . rowley ( glum ) do the kid ask about I ? greg uh...no. rowley oh. a beat . greg so , it 's kind of funny . you know that whole Safety patrol thing ? ( continued ) diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 75 . 154 continued : 154 rowley yeah ? greg well , you remember that day you leat I you jacket ? see , I think I see that guy from Halloween and so , you know , otherwise I never would have , but ... okay . I be the one who throw that kid in the dumpster . rowley what ?! greg yeah , and I think we can both learn some valuable lesson from this . like , I should be more careful what I do in front of Mrs. irvine 's house . and you ... well , you should be more careful who you lend you coat to . rowley look at he steadily for a moment . rowley you know what , you be not a good friend . greg whoa , how can you even say that ? I be a great friend . rowley if you be a great friend you would have tell Mr. winsky the truth . greg okay , one thing , you can not get mad about just -- rowley you be always boss I around . you be not happy I get the cartoon . you break my hand and you do not even seem sorry ! greg that break hand be the best thing that ever happen to you . rowley do not call I , do not come by my house . we be do . ( continued ) 154 155 156 157 158 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 76 . continued : ( 2 ) 154 rowley exit , leave greg alone in the empty school . ext . whitmore middle school - morning 155 kid be hang out in the snowy front yard before the first bell . greg watch rowley who be deep in conversation with Angie . greg ( v.o. ) I think the whole thing would blow over , but rowley be still give I the silent treatment , even when I try to make the first move . greg throws a snowball at rowley , it hit he on the back of the head . rowley turn around and greg smile and give he a friendly wave . rowley and Angie just glare at he and continue they conversation . int . mr. winsky 's office - day 156 greg and rowley face Mr. winsky who be hold greg 's badge . mr . winsky thanks to a anonymous tipster , I now know the whole story . greg , you be relieved of you Safety patrol duty , effective immediately . ( turn to rowley ) rowley , for show dignity under false suspicion , I be promote you to team Captain . as Mr. winsky hand rowley a new , bigger badge , greg look out the glass window of Mr. winsky 's door . he see Angie just outside the door watch . int . school hallway - just later 157 greg and rowley exit Mr. winsky 's office . greg hey , cap 'o , you be still gonna hook I up with cocoa , right ? rowley ignore he and walk off with Angie . greg watch they go . int . grocery store - day 158 they be in the freeze food aisle . greg trail Susan who be push manny in the cart . ( continued ) 158 159 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 77 . continued : 158 susan should I get some more pizza ? be rowley come over this weekend ? greg I do not think so . we be kind of on the out . susan why ? what happen ? greg nothing . he get mad because I -- never mind . susan okay . she keep move down the aisle . at the end of the aisle be a rack full of Valentine 's Day card . susan ( cont 'd ) ( take a card ) maybe it would help if you make a gesture . like , say , send hima card for Valentine 's day . they have friend one . greg be stunne by the awfulness of this idea . greg Mom , you have have a lot of bad idea . Band camp . get I and rodrick match jacket . the family canoe trip . but that , that 's the worst . Susan watch he walk away and do not notice that manny have take the card and start chew on it . when she look back , it 's all gumme up and slimy . Susan hurriedly put it back in the rack behind some other card and move away . int . school hallway - day 159 super : '' March . Thursday . '' much like the first day of school , greg walk down the hall alone , surround by kid who pay no attention to he . he watch as collin cross to rowley , carry a overnight bag . collin hey rowley , my mom say it 's okay for I to sleep over tonight . ( continued ) 159 160 161 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 78 . continued : 159 rowley awesome ! greg watch rowley and collin head off together . greg ( v.o . ) the whole thing with rowley be , I be willing to let bygone be bygone but then he make friend with collin just to mess with I . as if I even care if he -- crack . int . greg 's room - night 160 greg be on he bed write in he journal . he look at he pencil and realize he 's break the tip off from the fierceness of he write . he flop back on he bed and stare at the ceiling . greg ( v.o. ) well you know what ? two can play at that game . ext . rowley 's STREET - dusk 161 rowley and collin be play in rowley 's front yard . greg , carry a overnight bag , walk super - casually past they to the next house , where fregley be play alone in the front yard . rowley and collin watch greg pass , but nobody say a word . greg walk up to fregley , who be stabbing a kite with a stick . fregley hey greg heffley . greg what 's happen , fregley ? fregley killing a kite . greg shoot a look toward rowley and collin . rowley be watch greg , but when he see greg look at he , he quickly look away . greg I be think maybe you might want to have a sleepover . ( continued ) 161 162 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 79 . continued : 161 fregley yeah . with who ? greg me. fregley yeah ! when ? greg ( lose patience ) now . fregley ( jump up and down ) alright ! we be gonna be best friend forever ! greg uh-huh . ( loudly , for rowley 's benefit ) I can not believe I be able to pencil you in for a sleepover , what with my busy schedule . fregley greg heffley , I love you ! greg ( glance at rowley ) uh-huh , uh-huh , let 's just get inside . greg shepherd fregley toward he front door . int . fregley 's bedroom - later 162 greg be at the window look out . fregley have set up a twister mat . fregley hey , greg heffley , you wanna play twister ? do ya ? wanna ? twister ? greg look at fregley for a beat , then turn back to the window . from greg be Pov we see that rowley and collin be still in rowley 's yard . greg you know what , fregley , maybe this be not such a good -- ( continued ) 162 163 164 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 80 . continued : 162 fregley candy ! greg turn and see fregley have go through he overnight bag and pull out a a bag of jellybean which he be feverishly stuff into he mouth . greg hey ! fregley I be not suppose to have sugar . not even a little . my mom say it make I cr-aaa - zzz - yyyy ! ( maniacal laugh ) hahahahahahaha ! fregley empty the rest of the bag into he mouth . int . fregley 's bedroom - moment later 163 greg be back as far into the corner as he can go . alarm , he watch fregley twitch and dance . fregley leap up onto he bed . fregley i. feel . like . suuupermaaaaan ! he fix he eye on greg . fregley ( cont ’d ) I will destroy you , lex luthor ! suddenly , he make a fly leap at greg who dodge out of the way . greg ( call for help ) hey , Mrs ....uh , fregley ?! hello ??? be anybody there ?? fregley jump to he foot and face greg . fregley ha ha ha ha ! fregley charge greg . greg make for the door . he throw the door open and run out with fregley in hot pursuit . int . fregley 's hallway - continuous 164 greg race down the hall . he do not know where he 's head . ( continued ) 164 165 166 167 168 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 81 . continued : 164 fregley be right behind he , chase he with he index finger outstretch . greg spot a open door at the end of the hall . the bathroom . he race inside and slam the door behind he , lock it . int . bathroom - continuous 165 greg catch he breath . we hear loud thumping sound as fregley throw he body against the door . int . bathroom - night 166 greg , traumatize , sit in a little ball on the floor . it 's quiet . no sound from fregley . then a piece of paper slide under the door . greg gingerly cross to it , pick it up and read it . the letter read : '' dear greg heffley , I ’m very sorry I chase you with a booger on my finger . here , I put it on this paper so you can get I back . '' at the bottom of the page be a arrow that point directly to where greg 's thumb be . greg move he thumb . just underneath where he thumb have be be a booger . greg start to sway gently as he head swim with the horror . as he start to topple over ... the screen goe black . ext . sport court - day 167 the cheese be alone on the desert sport court , surround by grimy old snow . greg ( v.o. ) you know , to be honest I be a lot better off without friend . all friend do be drag you down and suck the life out of you . ext . whitmore middle school - day 168 greg park he bike in the bike rack , next to rowley 's Big wheel . greg ( v.o. ) rowley 's be nothing but a distraction . now that I be on my own and do not have to worry about carry around all that dead weight , I can get back to the business of make a name for myself . 169 170 171 172 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 82 . int . school hallway - day 169 greg stand in front of a poster that read '' spring play audition today '' . CUT to : int . radio CITY music hall -type theater - fantasy 170 greg be on stage in shakespearean garb and with long , artsy hair , take he bow in front of a audience of kid . they be really go crazy for he . rowley be in the audience too . he be so amaze by greg 's performance , he can not help but stand up and join the adulation . CUT to : a OPEN yearbook - CLASS favorite section - fantasy 171 a full page photo of greg in he drama get -up . underneath be the caption '' most talented '' . CUT to : int . auditorium - day 172 a bunch of kid be gather in the audience seat . a group of six kid , include greg and Patty farrell , be group around the piano on the stage . the drama teacher , mrs . norton , sit at the piano . coach malone , clearly assign against he will , be there to assist . mrs . norton greg heffley , step forward . Mrs. norton play the open bar of '' my country ' tis of thee . '' greg begins to sing in a surprisingly clear and pure soprano . greg ( sing ) my country ' tis of thee / sweet land of liberty / of thee I sing ... Mrs. norton be so surprised she stop play . mrs . norton that be ... that be very good , greg . one moment please . she huddle with coach malone . ( continued ) diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 83 . 172 continued : 172 mrs . norton ( cont ’d ) he have amazing tone . I wonder if he ... could play dorothy ? coach malone well , if girl can wrestle I guess anything go around here . greg overhear this . so do some of the other kid , and they start laugh . CUT to : 173 playbill -type leaflet - fantasy 173 the '' wizard of Oz '' playbill feature greg on the cover dress as dorothy . CUT to : 174 int . auditorium - continuous 174 greg look mortify . greg no , no I do not want to be dorothy . patty ( shriek ) he can not be dorothy ! I be dorothy ! mrs . norton alright , Patty , calm down . patty ( in meltdown mode ) I be dorothy ! I be ! my mom be president of the pta , she can ruin you life ! everyone stare at Patty aghast . mrs . norton congratulation , greg , you have be cast as a tree . 175 int . heffley kitchen - evening 175 the heffley family eat dinner . manny be sit on he potty . greg slide into he seat . manny bubby ! ( continued ) 175 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 84 . continued : 175 greg Mom , make he stop call I that . susan where be you ? greg audition for the school play . susan ( excited ) the play ? really ? frank be it some kind of punishment ? Frank chuckle . no one else do . greg sit , start help himself to food . greg it 's the wizard of Oz and I be go to be a tree . susan oh , I remember the tree . in the movie they throw apple at dorothy . greg really ? that could be cool . rodrick could be . but it will not be . ' Cause it 's lame . susan it be not . I be so proud of you , greg. greg thanks . susan no , really . this be a very proud moment and I just want to acknowledge that . we be all so busy , we never take the time to tell each other stuff like that . I love you guy . Susan squeeze rodrick 's hand . rodrick burp loudly . Frank and greg start to laugh , then stop when they see the look on Susan 's face . susan ( cont 'd ) Fine , I be sorry I share a feel . ( continued ) 175 176 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft continued : ( 2 ) she get up and angrily begin clear dish . frank honey . come on . ( then ) rodrick . rodrick sorry , mom . susan I be fine . she 's not . she 's piss . she exit . Frank look at rodrick . frank I be go to pay for that . he exit after Susan . rodrick ( to greg ) Way to wreck dinner , jerk . int . auditorium - day greg be be fitte for he tree outfit . Patty farrell nearby practise some dance move . as Mrs. norton fit tube over greg , he notice there be no arm hole . greg wait , we do not get armhole ? how be we go to throw apple at dorothy without armhole ? patty hold on , nobody 's throw anything at I . I be Annie in the strasberg Camp for the perform Arts production of '' Annie . '' mrs . norton nobody 's throw anything at anybody . greg what ? mrs . norton ( to greg ) I change the play a little bit and you will not need armhole . 85 . 175 176 be the ( continued ) 176 177 178 179 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 86 . continued : 176 greg what be we go to do ? int . auditorium - day 177 greg and he fellow tree , archie kelly and marty porter be line up on stage in they tree costume , miserably sing . Mrs. norton place other kid , dress as shrub , around the stage . she place rodney jame ( Bush # 2 ) right next to the tree . tree we three tree from yonder glen / do spy a maiden fair and sweet ... greg look down and notice rodney be play a video game hide inside he bush costume . we hear video game beeps . tree ( cont 'd ) ...- whilst we be roote to we spot / she doth move on lighter foot . / with she dog so small and true / we hope she fare well , indeed we do . the tree finish they song and start to wobble offstage , but archie kelly doesn ’t see rodney and take a header right over he . because he have no arm hole , archie can not break he fall . archie aah , my tooth , I think I knock out my tooth ! Mrs. norton rush over and pull archie to he foot . as she struggle to get he up ... greg ( to Mrs. norton ) guess we need arm hole after all . Mrs. norton glare at greg. int . auditorium - night 178 super : '' show night . '' Parents and kid stream in and take they seat . murmuring anticipation . int . stage - night 179 Patty as dorothy and chirag as she dog toto be mid-scene . ( continued ) diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 87 . 179 continued : 179 patty ( as dorothy ) come on , toto , let 's explore this magical path ! chirag do not move fast enough for Patty 's taste . patty ( cont 'd ) ( snap ) I say come on ! they move toward the other side of the stage and reach the tree . a spotlight find greg and the rest of the tree . greg look out into the audience and see he whole family -- Mom , dad , manny and rodrick , who be filming he with a camcorder . Susan hold a bouquet of flower . manny bubby ! manny 's word ring out in the auditorium . greg look out at the crowd . some of the kid in the audience laugh . close on greg as he eye dart back and forth look for a way out of this . greg ( to archie , loudly ) hey bubby , I think you drop a apple . archie huh ? a larger laugh from the crowd . patty ( as dorothy ) what say you , toto ? should we explore this intrigue yellow path ? chirag ( as toto ) bow wow . Patty and chirag exit to the wing . Mrs. norton , sit to the side of the stage , play the open bar of '' we Three tree . '' the tree start to sing . tree we three tree from yonder glen / do spy a maiden fair and sweet . ( continued ) 179 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 88 . continued : ( 2 ) 179 greg look out into the audience and see rowley and collin . collin whisper something in rowley 's ear and rowley look at greg and giggle . greg stop singing . marty / archie whilst we be roote to ... marty and archie look at greg questioningly . he just stare back at they , eye wide . his fear be contagious and they sing trail off ... Mrs. norton stop play and stand up to see what 's go on . now there be silence . a long silence . Patty stand off-stage watch and get angrier . mrs . norton ( desperate loud whisper ) whilst we be roote to we spot , she doth move on lighter foot . the other tree look at greg , but he just stare off into space . Patty be now hopping mad . patty ( angry whisper ) sing. sing. ( then loudly ) sing ! a kid in the crowd ( audience kid ) yell out amid the deafen silence . audience kid this bite ! it 's too much for Patty . she step out onto the stage . patty ( scream ) you be not good at anything greg heffley ! greg look at Patty with hate in he eye . he look down at the apple on the stage floor , and then at he new armhole . screw it . he grab the apple off the floor and chunks it as hard as he can at patty . Patty 's hand snap up and snatch the apple out of the air , like superman catch a bullet . she glare at greg then hurl the apple back at he , hit he in the trunk . ( continued ) 179 180 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 89 . continued : ( 3 ) 179 the other tree and greg start pull apple off they branch and pelting Patty as fast as they can . she return fire just as rapidly . the stage be a hail of apple . the audience be stunne into silence . except for angie . she be stand in the aisle and have be take picture , but be so mesmerize by the action onstage she 's now simply watch . angie yeah ! Susan be mortify . rodrick be filming madly , try to catch all the action . a nearby dad , who think he 's funny ( funny dad ) lean over to Frank . funny dad ( point to greg ) what 's the worst thing that kid could say to you ? Frank shrug . funny dad ( cont 'd ) " hi , dad . '' funny dad laugh at he own joke . frank yeah , heh heh , good one . Mrs. norton have climb the stage and be hurriedly close the curtain . the last thing we see before the curtain shut be patty rush greg and tackle he like a linebacker . int . school hallway - later 180 the audience be stream out of the auditorium . several family wait outside , congratulate / consol they little '' star . '' the heffley be there , as be the funny dad from before . greg walk up to they . greg hey , dad . Frank look over at funny dad , see he look at they . funny dad quickly avert he eye . rodrick ( hold up camera ) I own you now . Susan throw she bouquet of flower in the trash and steam out the door with manny . greg look to he dad . Frank look at funny dad , then put he arm around greg . ( continued ) 180 181 182 183 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 90 . continued : 180 frank I think dorothy deserve it . greg look at he gratefully . they head out . ext . sport court - day 181 super : '' april. Monday . '' the school yard be full of happy kid play . greg walk up to the cheese . greg ( v.o . ) this day , I do not feel much like do anything . I do not know why . maybe I have lyme disease . various kid run by , include rowley and collin , now wear matching '' best friend '' t-shirt . greg sigh , look sadly down at the cheese . he be completely alone . in fast motion , different group of kide move in and out 182 around greg , who remains motionless . the SUN come out , flowers bloom . it 's deep into spring when time slow down again . int . kitchen - night 183 super : '' may. Thursday . '' greg watch he mother put dinner on the table . manny be sit at the table on he potty . greg you know , I read this really interesting article . susan ( suspicious ) you do ? greg yeah . about home-school . it sound pretty good . susan what ? greg yeah . it 's a scientific fact that kid who be home - school get a better education than kid at regular school . ( continued ) diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 91 . 183 continued : 183 Susan look at he a long beat . susan be this about rowley ? greg what ? no , I just care about my education . susan no , you do not . ( then call ) Frank , rodrick , dinner . Frank enter and sit at the table . he look at manny . frank I just ... what if he go ? what do we do then ? susan we celebrate he achievement . frank ( to greg ) be I the only one who think this be weird ? rodrick join they at the table and gleefully brandish a crumpled piece of paper . rodrick hey , little brother , look what I find in the trash . guess you throw it away by accident . panicked , greg try to grab the paper , but rodrick hold it over he head and hand it to Susan . rodrick ( cont ’d ) it 's the invitation for the mother / Son sweetheart dance . know you do not want to miss that . ( mock ) phew . lucky I find it . greg glare at rodrick ; rodrick grin back at he . ( continued ) 183 184 185 186 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 92 . continued : ( 2 ) 183 greg ( v.o. ) that be it ; I be feed up . I would be take it from rowley and take it from rodrick and take it from everybody else . it be time for some payback . int . heffley kitchen - day 184 the din of lode diaper rehearse in the basement can be hear . manny be sit on he potty eat a snack at the table . greg enter , carry the girlie mag from rodrick 's room ( moto mama ) and a big tootsie Roll . he cross to rodrick 's backpack which be on the chair next to manny and unzip it . greg okay manny , I be put this tootsie Roll in rodrick 's backpack . it 's for rodrick , not you , so do not take it . manny watch as greg slip the tootsie Roll into the page of moto mama magazine and put it in rodrick 's backpack . greg exit smile . int . heffley kitchen - moment later 185 Susan enter the kitchen with a basket full of laundry and stop cold when she see manny on the floor eat the tootsie Roll and giggle at the picture of the bikini-clad girl straddle a motorcycle on rodrick 's magazine . susan manny , where do you get that ? manny point to rodrick 's backpack . at that moment greg enter and innocently look at the magazine . greg oh my goodness , that 's offensive . int . heffley basement - day 186 Susan storm into the band 's rehearsal , follow by greg who be grin and carry manny . susan rodrick , I need to talk to you . upstair , now . rodrick go ahead and talk . we be a band , we have no secret . ( continued ) 186 187 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 93 . continued : 186 susan fine. ( brandish magazine ) what be this ? rodrick be immediately on the rope . rodrick it 's not mine . susan it be in you backpack . rodrick no , it be in my room . ( realize he say too much ) ohh . rodrick slump down . greg can barely contain he glee . int . heffley basement - just later 187 rodrick sit in a chair , Susan pace in front of he . his bandmate be line up on the couch , enjoy the show . greg be lean against the wall , arm cross , savore every glorious moment . susan do own this magazine make you a better person ? rodrick no. rodrick try to ignore he bandmate 's snicker . susan do it make you more popular at school ? rodrick yes. ( off Susan ) no. susan do you have anything you want to say to woman for have own this offensive magazine ? ( continued ) 187 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 94 , continued : 187 rodrick ( in agony ) I be sorry woman . rodrick 's bandmate burst into applause . he 's mortify . susan you be ground . for two week . rodrick shoot a glance at he bandmate . they look back at he like , '' be you go to take that ? '' in a last ditch attempt to save face : rodrick okay , settle down . I think one week be plenty . greg can not believe rodrick say that -- this be go better than he ever dream . susan make it four week . and I be go to need the key to you van . all the blood drain from rodrick 's face . rodrick ( a mortal blow ) my van ? susan do you have anymore smart comment ? silence from rodrick . susan ( cont 'd ) okay , practice be over . rodrick , you can go to you room . rodrick can not even look he bandmate in the eye as they file out . Susan grab manny from greg and march up the stair behind they . as rodrick sullenly head out he glance at greg , who look back at he perhaps a little too innocently . rodrick mouth the word '' you're so dead '' at greg as he pass . greg watch he exit , elate . he throw he fist into the air in victory . greg yes ! ( continued ) 187 188 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 95 . continued : ( 2 ) 187 he look around , but realize there 's no one there to share the moment . his face fall , he arm slowly drop to he side . he 's all alone . int . school gym - night 188 the gym be dark , light only by a disco ball . it 's about half full of parent and kid . there be a dj spin record but nobody dance . in fact , everybody seem pretty uncomfortable and awkward . greg and Susan enter . greg look grim , dress in a suit jacket and slack . Susan be dress up , seem excited . greg look around and see lot of kid from he class . he pass archie Kelly who be be hassle by quentin and he friend arthur . quentin hey , bubby . arthur where 's you bubby now , bubby ? they laugh . greg nervously put some distance between he and archie . susan look at this place ! wow , it 's like a real disco . want to dance ? greg ( aghast ) God no . just then , rowley and collin enter with there mom . they look like they be have a great time . Susan watch greg who watch rowley . susan okay , enough already . just go talk to he , fix it . greg I can not . susan he 's you best friend . and sometimes , when somebody 's worth it , you just have to put yourself out there . a beat . greg I would not even know what to say . ( continued ) 188 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 96 . continued : 188 susan invite he out for ice cream after the dance . everybody like ice cream . greg I guess that 's not you worst idea ever . susan stop , I be blush . but she 's really pleased greg be take she advice . greg see rowley be at the refreshment table get punch . he take a deep breath and cross to he . greg hey , rowley . rowley hey . a beat of silence . in the background , Susan crane she head to get a better look . greg so ... you want to go get some ice cream after ? collin step between they . collin we already have plan . rowley ( regretful ) ... yeah , we do . greg Fine . my mom want I to ask , so I do . greg turn and head back to Susan . as he approach , she smile at he expectantly . susan well ? greg just shake he head '' no . '' Susan 's face fall . susan ( cont 'd ) oh. well ...oh. at that moment a new song start . ( continued ) 188 189 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 97 . continued : ( 2 ) 188 music cue : '' groove be in the heart '' by deee-lite rowley lead he mom onto the empty dance floor and they start to dance . but they do not just dance . they doa routine that they have clearly practise many time -- it 's right out of '' Dancing with the star '' . the crowd watch , mouth agape . greg be horrify . greg ( v.o. ) I could not believe what I be see . this be just the kind of thing I could have save rowley from do if we be still friend . but now this fool be about to get himself kill . but the crowd start to get into it . a group of people surround rowley and he mom , clap and cheer they on . other people start stream onto the dance floor and dance . the party be kick into high gear . rowley be now part of a whole group of kid , include shelly , marley and collin , who be try to learn he dance . greg do not know a curse word bad enough to express what he 's feel . ext . sport court - day 189 greg be on the sport court , rowley cross to he . he have a somewhat conciliatory air about he . rowley hey . greg sense a thaw in rowley 's attitude . greg hey . rowley so ... I leave my racing game at you house and I be have a sleepover so I need it back . greg what ? no way . finder 's keeper . rowley you do not find it , I leave it . greg Fine , then leaver 's loser . ( continued ) 189 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 98 . continued : 189 rowley ( get heat ) that 's not even a real thing . greg it be if I say it be . rowley it 's my game ! greg you would not even have that game if I have not tell you about it ! you would not have half the stuff you have without I ! rowley yeah , like a break hand ! greg that be a million year ago ! greg and rowley be now shouting at each other . a crowd , including patty farrell , start to gather around they . greg and rowley do not notice . rowley it click now ! ( bend wrist ) hear that ? click click click click ! and it 's all you fault ! greg it be a accident ! patty fight ! fight ! the crowd join in . the noise get the attention of Angie who be nearby on the grass read a book . kide fight ! fight ! fight ! this stop greg and rowley cold . they look around at the shouting kid . kide ( cont 'd ) ( louder ) fight ! fight ! greg and rowley be stick . greg put up he duke . rowley do the same , then start hopping around . ( continued ) 189 190 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 99 , continued : ( 2 ) 189 it 's clear neither have the faintest idea how to fight . Angie join the crowd as greg and rowley start to half - heartedly circle each other . just then there be a loud squeal of brake . the teens 's pickup truck have pulled up at the curb . Pete , Chris , Carter and Wade hop out and head toward greg and rowley . the crowd scatter and run back into the school . Angie find a spot behind a tree and look on . greg and rowley start to run but the teens be too fast and grab they . ext . sport court - day 190 greg and rowley be be hold by Wade and Carter as Pete pace in front of they . pete I wait a long time for this . CHRIS you be so freakin’ dead . greg do not love what they be say . but he 's really freak out by the fact that the cheese be only a few feet away . in fact , as Pete pace , he 's walk right by it . pete you have no idea what we be go to do to you . CHRIS oh yeah . rowley , follow greg 's eye line , now see the cheese and visibly blanch . neither greg nor rowley can keep they eye off it . Chris pull Pete aside . CHRIS ( cont 'd ) what be we gonna do ? pete dunno . ( continued ) 190 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 100 . continued : 190 CHRIS we need to move this along . my shift at applebee 's start in like half a hour . Pete look at greg and rowley ... then he look at what they be look at . Pete cross to the cheese . pete ( be : rowley ) gimme the wide one . Carter hustle rowley over to Pete . pete ( cont 'd ) pick it up . rowley but -- pete pick it up ! rowley reluctantly pick up the cheese . he hold it by the tip of he finger , totally gross out . pete now eat it . rowley 's eye widen in horror . he start to bring the cheese closer to he mouth . close on greg : greg wince , close he eye to block out the horror of what he be see . greg ( v.o. ) I do not even want to say exactly what happen because if rowley ever try to run for President and someone find out what this guy make he do , he will not have a chance . so i’1l just put it this way . they make rowley blank the cheese . Angie cover she eye , aghast . Pete look over at greg . pete now you . Wade hustle greg toward the cheese . greg fight he the whole way . ( continued ) 190 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 101 . continued : ( 2 ) 190 greg but ...but ... I be allergic to dairy . Wade just ignore he . coach malone ( 0.s. ) hey ! what be you do on school property ? the teens , greg , and rowley turn to see coach malone run toward the sport court . behind he , the kid from before trickle out of the school and cautiously begin to follow . greg turn quickly to rowley who be so traumatize by eat the cheese he seem to be have a out - of - body experience . coach malone ( cont ’d ) Pete hosey be that you ? the teens run to there truck , jump in and peel out . with a satisfied nod , coach malone hitches up he short and head back inside . the rest of the kid regather around greg and rowley , include Angie . marley what happen ? bryce what have they want ? shelly what have they do to you ? greg look at rowley who seem to be recover slightly . Patty be near rowley . she look down at the place where the cheese use to be and see that it 's go . there be a fade outline of where the cheese be . she look around and see the cheese at rowley 's foot . with a bit out of it . patty oh. my. god. everyone fall silent . as one , they all look down at the cheese . then they all look at rowley . rowley lock eye with greg . it 's all too much for he , he eye well up with tear . patty ( to crowd ) rowley jefferson eat -- at that moment , greg step forward and pick up the cheese . the crowd gasp . ( continued ) 190 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 102 . continued : ( 3 ) 190 greg I eat the cheese . the crowd gasp again . rowley stare at greg in wonder . Angie smile . greg ( cont 'd ) yeah . I eat it . and you know what , people ? I just do you all a huge favor . greg hold the cheese high , gather steam . greg ( cont 'd ) I eat the cheese to show everyone how stupid this whole school be . the wrong friend , the wrong lunch table , the wrong butt , it 's all meaningless , just like this cheese . anyone else who 's sick of it , step forward and join I ! greg survey the crowd confidently . patty cheese touch !!! overhead shot : the crowd scatter like a bomb go off , leave greg and rowley alone again . except for Angie who give greg a approve look . angie see you later , heffley . she go inside . greg cross to rowley . they stand and look at each other . then : greg so , you want to come over after school and ... play ? rowley smile . rowley yeah . okay . they head off together . 191 192 193 194 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 103. int . school hallway - day 191 greg walk down the hall with rowley . everybody give they a wide berth . greg ( v.o. ) so now I officially have the cheese touch . but it 's not so bad . there be perk . ext . sport court - day 192 greg stand with coach malone . nearby be a bunch of kid in cowboy hat and vest . coach malone since nobody 'il hold you hand , I guess you be excuse from square dance . int . school hallway - day 193 greg and rowley 's way be block by quentin who have he back to they . greg move ! quentin what have you say ?! he turn around , ready to pound whoever say that . he see it 's greg , shrink away . greg and rowley pass by . int . cafeteria - day 194 greg and rowley , carry they lunch trays , cross to a table full of jock . greg hey , fella . he put he tray on the table . everyone at the table quickly grab they lunch trays and clear out . greg , immensely pleased , smile at rowley . greg ( cont 'd ) after you . they happily sit down to a civilized lunch . 195 196 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 104 . int . heffley kitchen - day 195 greg ( v.o. ) and I be not the only one who have a exciting year . the heffley family be eat breakfast . manny be on the floor play . then he climb up onto he potty . the family watch ; the air be thick with anticipation . suddenly , the SOUND of pee in the potty . everybody cheer . Frank 's cheer be half cheer , half wince . int . cafeteria - day 196 super : '' june. Friday . '' greg , rowley , and Angie be have lunch at they own table . patty aproach , handing out yearbook . she give one to Angie . patty here 's you yearbook . you be not in it that much , maybe try to get out there a little next year . angie ( gently ) one day , Patty , middle school will end and become high school . and after that , it just become life . and all the thing you think be important now , will not be anymore . patty ( confuse , thus snotty ) you wish . Angie head off . Patty hand a yearbook to rowley . greg hold out he hand . patty ( cont 'd ) as if . she put greg 's yearbook on the table . patty ( cont 'd ) handing it to you be like touch you . and I be way too smart to touch somebody who eat the cheese . she put she hand on rowley 's shoulder . ( continued ) 196 197 diary of a wimpy kid 1/22/09 - 2nd Studio draft 105 . continued : 196 patty ( cont 'd ) right , rowley ? greg yep , you be too smart for I , Patty . rowley be try really hard not to laugh . Patty sashays off . greg and rowley look at each other , then crack up . we page through the yearbook . 197 greg ( v.o. ) well , the yearbook be pretty much the rowley jefferson show . we see rowley 's picture be all over it . on the Safety patrol page , the wrestling team page , in the candid section hold up he arm in its cast . greg ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) and I do not even want to talk about the class favorite page . we flip to the class favorite page and see rowley have be vote CLASS clown . the yearbook close . pull back to reveal greg be holding the book , in front of a white background . greg address the camera . greg ( cont 'd ) but it 's okay . it 's actually much cooler to keep a low profile . who need to be famous ? rowley peek in at the edge of the white screen . rowley Zoo wee mama ! greg and if rowley ever get too big for he britches , I 'il just remind he who really eat the cheese . fade out .