simon say : die hard III by Jonathan hensleigh or educational purpose only first draft revised March 29 , 1994 a black screen throughout title sequence . a assembly room of people be laughing . 1st title up . the laughter die . . a voice into a microphone : dignitary ( v.o. ) suffice it to say that that rookie cop from New Jersey finally do learn how to read a suspect he rights . ( more laughter ) it be my great pleasure to present the City of New York 's distinguish service Medal for nineteen ninety - three to Lieutenant John mcclane . cheer , flashbulb pop , etc .... - 2 nd title up . a lawyer be confer with he client : lawyer ( v.0 . ) I understand you frustration but I can not work miracle . there 's no way you can patch thing up ? a cough . the client clear he throat . a Zippo lighter flick . a exhale of smoke . another cough . mcclane ( v.o. ) no . lawyer ( v.o. ) a court always favor the mother unless it 's prove she 's unfit . be she unfit ? mcclane ( v.0 . ) no . she 's not unfit . lawyer ( v.0 . ) then there 's no chance you will get custody . I be sorry , John . 3rd title up . rowdy voice in a crowded bar . a juke box play Frank Sinatra 's " summer wind . " bartender ( v.0 . ) last call ! drink up ! we hear the bartender 's footstep come closer .... bartender ( v.0 . ) another johnny ? mcclane ( v.0 . ) ( fatigue ) yeah . . bartender ( v.0 . ) why doncha go home . mcclane ( v.0 . ) Home ? what 's that ? the bartender sigh and say , resignedly : bartender ( v.0 . ) okay , johnny . 4th title up . the bar noise rise to a crescendo and die and we -- fade in : ext . manhattan - aerial establishing - early morning ' the sun be rise over the World Trade tower . it 's a July morning ; the city be already steaming . int . n.y¥.p.d. = midtown precinct - early morning the detective 's bullpen be desert . shaft of sunlight pass through venetian blind onto -- a cup of coffee on a desk , camera pick up object ( photo , a detective 's shield ) belong to detective John mcclane , n.y.p.d . suddenly door bang OPEN . cop and detective enter for anew day , laugh , talk yankee and Met . int . detective 's bullpen - morning - later the room be pack with uniformed cop and detective . incessant chatter and tapping word processors . in the corner - a group of n.y.p.d. detective be go over case file , drink coffee . ricky walsh sit with he foot propped on he desk , look at a clipboard . walsh I get a eyewitness on a two -eleven in bed stuy . Hispanic male , mid - 20 's with a red windbreaker . detective 2 I will take it , ricky . walsh ( make notation on clipboard ) sold to the man in the seersucker suit . . int .. a windowed office down the hall - continuous n.y.p.d. Chief of detective arthur cobb be talk to detective joe lambert . cobb overreact ? really ? Larry down at o’neil 's say he close the place every night . lambert he do not have a drink problen . cobb I be not say he do . but he will not take a physical . he tell the shrink downtown to - I be put this in she word - have intercourse with herself . what 's eat he ? man 's inhumanity to man ? the plight of tibet ? the Met 's outfield ? lambert Arthur , John 's not have the best year ... cobb I do not want a testimonial . his caseload 's down . there 's talk of a leave of absence . I have get to see some change . you and ricky have know he since kindergarten - you talk to he . they stare at each other . int . midtown precinct - bathroom - continuous a long functional john with a thousand toilet and sink . two uniformed rookie cop be take a piss , whisper . in the b.g. , we hear a roaring faucet . rookie cop 1 you ever see he ? rookie cop 2 yeah . couple time at the range . rookie cop 1 what 's he look like ? one of the guy downtown tell I he sleep here half the time . mcclane ( 0.s. ) only a quarter of the time , fella . the cop , startle , look over at -- JOHN mcclane , at the sink , spitting out toothpaste . mcclane be 40 now . his hair be fleck with grey . he stand upright and turn off the faucet . wipe he mouth on he sleeve . mcclane walk past the rookie cop with he toothbrush and toothpaste . mcclane good view , bad room service . mcclane walk out the door past the stunne cop and -- CUT to : ext . mid - town manhattan - bloomingdale - day it 's 9:00 a.m. and already humid as a locker room . on 3rd Avenue , shopper crowd through the door of bloomingdale eager to take advantage of a cosmetics and lingerie sale . int . bloomingdale - first floor cosmetics - day lady walk the aisle , exchange cool smile with swishy perfume salesmen who display they scent . at the counter - a lady shopper apply eye shadow . she bend forward , look in a small mirror on the counter . lady shopper hmm . this one 's nice . the salesgirl , on the other side of the counter , agree . salesgirl yes , I like that one . the lady shopper bend closer to the mirror . her shoe hit something . she look down . a samsonite briefcase sit at she foot . lady shopper oh dear , someone leave they briefcase . salesgirl ( smile ) happens all the time . 1/11 take it . the Lady shopper pick up the briefcase and hand it across the counter to the salesgirl . the salesgirl examine the briefcase . it be ticking . salesgirl do you hear that ? lady shopper yes . yes I do . they each look at the briefcase . they look at each other . a huge blast . a eruption of flame . the place blow to piece . Flying glass and metal . the jewelry counter become airborne . it be over suddenly . ceiling sprinklers douse the carnage . corpse lie amidst the wreckage . CUT to : int . n.y.p.d. - midtown precinct - day walsh and the detective continue they morning routine . walsh I get a theft of ten industrial dumptruck on staten Island . mcclane ( 0.8 . ) insurance fraud . everyone turn to mcclane ; he 's at he desk , knotting he necktie , lighting another cigarette . mcclane by now the truck be in California and the contractor 's collect theft insurance which . he 'il split with the thief . they have run that scam in Jersey for year . i’1ll take it , ricky . walsh ( make notation ) sold to the man who bathes with " High karate . " : mcclane Old spice . . walsh I do detect a fresher bouquet . joe lambert walk up hum the theme from " Jeopardy . " 6 . he have dollar bill in one hand and a cup of coffee in the other . he shove the coffee in mcclane 's hand . lambert category : New York trivia . detective walsh , this mediocre center fielder replace the legendary Joe dimaggio . walsh who be ... Carl bennet . lambert onk . Lou boudreaux . ( pocket . the $ 5 bill ) detective mcclane , for ten dollar , this be the biggest engineering job in the U.S. since the Hoover dam . mcclane no idea , Alex . lambert what be the New York City aquaduct from the catskill Mountains to the Isle of Manhattan . walsh they ever go to finish that thing ? suddenly the bullpen 's emergency bell clang . everyone whip they neck around . walsh ahh fuck ... during this , lambert turn to mcclane . : lambert let 's talk later , okay ? mcclane about what ? lambert life . your in particular . mcclane and lambert lock eye . a uniformed cop enter the bullpen , shouting : uniformed cop somebody just blow up bloomingdale ! everyone stare at each other . walsh bloomingdale ? what the fuck 's anybody get against bloomingdale ? - mcclane ever see a woman miss a shoe sale ? mcclane and the detective scramble around , throw on they suit jacket , check they weapon , etc . down the hall - arthur cobb lean out he office , shouting instruction to mcclane , lambert , walsh , and the other who be rush . through the bullpen . chief cobb mcclane , compile a witness sheet . ricky , seal off a five block radius ; Joe , keep the t.v. crew the hell out of there ! the detective roar out through double door . cobb 's secretary , jane , call from inside the office . secretary jane ( 0.s ) Arthur ! phone ! cobb not now . jane appear next to he . her face be ash white . secretary jane Arthur , you would better take this . ( cobb look at she ) he say he set the bomb at bloomingdale . they stare at each other . cobb turn , look into he office at -- cobb 's desk ~ he telephone - it be flash . cobb go into he office and pick up the phone . he punch a line button . it connect a call . cobb hello ? we hear a voice . a european accent . it be , from the first syllable , chill and unforgettable . it be Simon . simon simple Simon meet a pie man go to the fair . Said simple Simon to the pie-man : give I you pie or I ’1ll cave you fuck head in . chief cobb who be this ? simon Simon . hello , Arthur . ( beat ) bloomingdale be just for show . a pause . chief cobb what do you want ? simon I want to play a game . chief cobb what kind of game ? simon Simon say . ( beat ) be John mcclane there ? a pause . cobb stare at the phone receiver . chief cobb yes . simon good . . ( suddenly low , sinister ) listen to I , Arthur . in the next several hour Simon be go to tell detective mcclane what to do and detective mcclane be go to do it . if he fail to comply with the slight detail of my instruction , there will be a penalty . cobb what penalty ? simon ten pound of plastique explosive will be detonate in a crowded public place . cobb swallow . his throat be suddenly dry . cobb just a second . ( cover the receiver ; yell to he secretary ) janie ! get meclane ! cobb 's secretary ( appear in the doorway ) he just go to bloom .... cobb get he . run ! Jane run off . cobb take he hand off the receiver : cobb what do you want detective mcclane to do ? simon Simon say detective mcclane be to stand on the corner of 138th street and Amsterdam , which be in harlen , if I be not mistaken .... CUT to : a STREET sign : " amsterdam ave " , cross at a right angle with " 138th ST . " moving up and panning around -- ext . the corner of amsterdam and 138th ST . - day on each corner of this intersection be a business : a bodega , a bar , a laundromat , and a appliance shop . on 138th ST . - down from the bar - a neighborhood gang all 20 's and late teens , be hang out on the bar 's delivery bulkhead in they bathrobe , laugh , smoking cigarettes and drink beer . they be watch -- the two biggest gangmember ( gangmember 1 & 2 ) play black - jack on a overturn milk carton . it 's high - stake . the carton be cover with card and money . across the intersection - two black kide come down Amsterdam . they be dexter 12 , and raymond , 10 . dexter be lug a big stereo receiver . the kid walk toward the appliance shop on the corner . 10 . int . appliance fix - it shop - day the place be jamme with refrigerator , wash machine , stereo , t.v.s , etc . ding ! a bell on the door sound as the kid enter . dexter uncle ! zeus carver , 29 , black , come through the maze of junk . he have confidence , a strong sense of himself . he look people in the eye . he do not like weakness or indifference . he 's a man with thing on he mind . he be often angry , due to attitude and condition which have prevaile in this country for the last 300 year . Zeus walk up to the boy . he 's know they since they be bear ; they be he nephew . zeus it 's 9:15 . why be not you at school ? dexter tony want to sell you this . zeus and it be such a good deal you have to cut school . un-huh . and it be so heavy you both have to carry it . un-huh . give it here . dexter hand Zeus the stereo receiver . he examine it . zeus . where 's the serial number plate ? where have tony get this ? raymond say he find it . _ dexter it ain not hot . Zeus open the cash register and pull out two twenty and a ten . he hand the bill to the kid . zeus there 's fifty dollar . if he try to chisel you for more , tell he no deal . and i’1ll return the stereo tomorrow - and do not spend the money . ii . dexter reach for the bill . Zeus retract then . now a series of question . sort of a routine ... zeus then what be you go to do ? raymond go to school . zeus why ? dexter to get educate . " zeus why ? raymond so we can go to college . zeus why 's that important ? raymond to get respect . zeus who 's the bad guy ? dexter guy who sell drug . zeus who else ? dexter guy who have gun . . zeus who 's the good guy ? raymond we be the good guy . zeus who 's gonna help you ? dexter nobody . zeus so who 's gonna help you ? raymond we be gonna help ourselves . 12 . zeus and who do we not want to help we ? dexter White people . ~ zeus that 's right . satisfied , Zeus offer the bill again . dexter snag they . they smile at Zeus and tear out the door . Zeus carry the stereo to the work bench , mutter : zeus ai not hot . thing 's so hot you could fry a egg on it . CUT to : ext . corner of amsterdam and 137th ST . - day a block away , a police van roll up . stop at the curb . int . police van - back compartment in the back compartment , John mcclane sit with Chief of detective cobb . mcclane wear nothing but a terry - cloth bathrobe , sock and shoe . ' the van driver lean into the back compartment . driver this be it , Captain . cobb turn to mcclane . cobb where 's the gun ? mcclane swivel around and lower he robe . tape to he bare back be a SMALL caliber pistol . mcclane swivel back around . cobb look at he . frown . cobb you look like shit . mcclane what do you want I to do , Arthur , comb my fuckin’ hair ? ( beat ) if you want to talk to I , talk to I . do not send ricky . what 's this all about ? 13 . cobb I be go to recommend retirement . mcclane I will not fight . it . they stare at each other . cobb we will talk about it later . listen : we be pull back to 125th . ( off mcclane 's reaction ) Simon say no cop within a ten . block radius or we get another bomb . . there be fifty rooftop up here that would give he a view . you want to take the chance he 's not watch ? mcclane ( shake he head ; a pause ) . what the hell be this all about ? cobb I have no idea , John . mcclane take a deep breath and open the van door . ext . amsterdam and 137th STREET mcclane get out of the van in he bathrobe . cobb hand mcclane a large white sandwich board from the van . ( the kind wear by street advertiser : two piece of plywood connect with twine . ) mcclane slip off he bathrobe and toss it to cobb . he 's now in boxer short , sock , and dress shoe . cobb ( to the driver ) go. ( turn back to mcclane ) Fifteen minute . mcclane nod . the police van pull away from the curb , do a U -turn , and head south on amsterdan . mcclane watch the van go . he turn and look at the run-down surroundings . he put on the sandwich board . we be behind he . we can not see the front of the board . 14 . mcclane head north on the sidewalk , head toward 138th street , one block away . following mcclane - as he walk . up ahead - a black woman , 50 ’ss , come out of a decrepid brownstone and walk down the front stoop . she turn south on the sidewalk , head for mcclane . mcclane and the Black woman pass each other . mcclane walk past she and keep walk . the black woman stop , wide - eye , double-take . she look over she shoulder at mcclane . woman what in heaven 's name ...? mcclane continue to the corner of 138th and Amsterdam . there , he stop . close on mcclane - sweat bead on he brow . his eye dart in all direction . mcclane 's Pov - panning around the intersection no traffic . quiet sidewalk . mcclane 's eye pan from the bodega , to the liquor store , to the laundromat , to zeus carver 's appliance shop . his eye lock on - the gangmember play card down 138th street . they be wrap up in the game . they do not see hin . back to scene - mcclane wipe the sweat from he forehead . under he breath : mcclane shit . . across the street , outside Zeus 's appliance shop , dexter and raymond be stare at he . dexter whisper to Raymond . they go back into the appliance shop . CUT to : int . appliance fix - it shop - day a electric stove be jack up on cinder block . Zeus be under it . we only see he leg . the front door bell ding . unele ! dexter ( 0.s. ) inclie : 15 . zeus what be you do back here ? I be busy . raymond ( 0.s . ) you better look at this ! Zeus , mutter under he breath , slide out from under the stove , a red-hot solder gun in hand . he look up at dexter and Raymond . zeus what ? dexter there 's a white man out there . zeus you take I from my work to see a white man ? I have see plenty . raymond not like this . they point to the window . : Zeus walk to the window and separate the grimy venetian blind with he finger . he look out . he blink . he look again , squinting . he come away from the window . say to dexter : zeus get on the phone . dial nine - one - one . tell ‘em you want a police car up here real fast or somebody 's gonna die . dexter and Raymond stare at Zeus . zeus go ! dexter and Raymond run toward the back of the shop . Zeus go to the door . exit the shop . ext . harlem sidewalk - day Zeus come out of he shop , the solder iron still in hand . he look around the intersection . across the street , the gang member be hang out , play card , oblivious to anything unusual . Zeus look south - easterly , at the other corner . it be a bizarre , surreal sight . 16 . in blaze sunshine , on the worst street in harlem , a white man be stand in boxer short , sock , and shoe , wear a large white sandwich board . it be mcclane . the front of the board , '' in huge red letter , read : I hate niggers Zeus blink . he frown . he think . he walk diagonally across the intersection . mcclane see Zeus come . Zeus approach he . he stop in the street ten foot from mcclane , eyeing he quizzically . zeus good morning . they stare at each other . Zeus 's eye dart from mcclane to the gang member on the corner . zeus havin 's a good day , sir ? you feelin’ okay ? ( come closer ) ' not to get too personal , but a white man stand in the middle of harlem wear a sign say " I hate niggers " have either get some personal issue or he 's a few boat shy of a fleet . ( come closer , voice lowering ) I be talkin’ to you , man : you have get ten second , maybe less , before that guy see you . if they see you , they 's 1l1 kill you . do you understand I ? mcclane I be a cop . zeus what ? mcclane I can not explain now . out of the corner of he eye , Zeus see -- the cardgame - one of the player ( gang member 1 ) , have lose a big hand , fling he card over he opponent 's head . the card twirl like little frisbee toward the intersection corner . 17 . the opponent ( gang member 2 ) . chase the card . he grab a couple . he be nearly in the intersection . suddenly he freeze -- he stand up , look straight at mcclane . the other gang member , follow the flight of the card , also see he . gang member 2 what the fuck ....? zeus ahh shittt ..... the gang member be now stand on the opposite corner of the street , stare at mcclane and Zeus . mcclane turn to Zeus , he speech clipped , urgent : mcclane listen : a hour ago somebody bomb bloomingdale . zeus yeah , I hear it on the news . mcclane whoever do that say I have to do this or he have blow up something else . zeus ( incredulous ) what ? whether Zeus believe mcclane or not , it 's too late now . the gang member start across the street . . mcclane I have a gun . : zeus where ? never mind . you pull a gun , they 's 1ll kill you . listen : you be obviously not crazy , but I want you to act it . like looney toon , okay ? mcclane nod , acknowledge this . the gang member be upon they . they circle around mcclane , stare at the sandwich board . they be amused . sort of . they smile . after a ice - cold pause : 18 . gang member 1 hey Zeus . this a friend o’ yours ? ( to mcclane ) huh ? you a friend o’ he ? mcclane look gang member 1 straight in the eye , he demeanor suddenly change . mcclane 's eye have become that of a lunatic . mcclane my only friend be God . the gang member look at each other . some laugh . gang member 1 come up close to mcclane . look : at mcclane 's sandwich board . gang member 1 God , huh ? do you god hate nigger too ? ( pull a switchblade from he pocket ) he better , deuce . you be gonna need hin . : ( over shoulder , to other gang member ) let 's fuck this guy up . zeus the guy 's crazy . look at hin . stand out here in he underwear . he do not know what he 's do . he probably do not know where he be . some mental ward escapee .... gang member 2 step forward . stare at mcclane . then he turn to Zeus . . gang member 2 so he 's crazy . so be we . the other gang member laugh . gang memeber 1 ( to. Zeus ) back off . Zeus stay put . do not budge . the gang member crowd in around mcclane . gang member 1 , brandish the knife under mcclane 's nose , motion to the sandwich board . gang member 1 get that off hin . two gangmember lift the back face of the sandwich 19 . board , roughly , over mcclane 's shoulder , and fling it to the ground . the board clatter on the ground . mcclane stagger forward , he torso now expose . tape to the small of he back be the .22 clip handgun . Zeus see the gun before anyone else . he lunge behind mcclane and rip the gun from mcclane 's back , tape and all . zeus bring the gun down , training it on the gang member , wildly , back and forth , from member to member . startle , they recoil . except for gang member 1 , who stick the switchblade under mcclane 's chin . : zeus put it down . a tense pause . Zeus cock the gun . his hand be rock steady . zeus . i’1l kill you . I will not want to , but I 'il do it . gang member 1 toss the knife down . he back off . mcclane join Zeus . at this moment -- a harlem livery cab come up to the intersection and stop at the light . it 's right next to they . Zeus point a gun at the livery cab driver , who look back with wide , terrify eye . zeus stay where you be . Zeus motion to mcclane . mcclane move to the cab , Zeus follow , step backward , the gun train on the gang member . they get in the cab . it roar off down amsterdan , leave -- the gang member run after the car , shout obscenity , throw beer bottle , etc . int . livery cab - drive - day mcclane and Zeus sit in the back seat . up front , the livery driver , be quaking in he seat . he thrust money into the back seat . bo . 20 . livery driver do not kill I ! that 's all I get ! Zeus roll he eye . hand the money back to hin . zeus ahh man , I be not robbin 's you . just get we outta here . head downtown . run the light . livery driver you get it boss ! the car lurch forward . CUT to : int . car - front seat - day we be the p.o.v. of someone sit in a park car at 139th and amsterdam , one block north . we have just see the forego incident . we lower . binoculars from we eye , hand they to someone in the passenger seat , and engage the gear . we pull away from the curb . CUT to : int . livery cab - drive - day the car be rocketing down amsterdan . Zeus turn to mcclane . hand he the gun . zeus I just have my day fuck up . mcclane join the club . zeus so one more time : the guy who bomb bloomingdale want you to wear a sign in harlem say " I hate nigger . " . mcclane yep. ( pronounce it latino : '' hey - zoo " ) Jesus , right ? ( extend he hand ) I owe you one . you will be compensate for any loss of livelihood . 21 . zeus well get you checkbook out ' cause that be my appliance shop on the corner . you have any idea what that guy be do to it right now ? . mcclane chill , out , Jesus . I / 11 have a car send up . zeus chill out ? speak like a white person . ( beat ) and where do you get off callin’ I Jesus ? do I look puerta rican ? mclane ( confuse ) the guy back there . he call you Jesus . zeus he do not say " hey -zoos . " he say , '' hey. Zeus . " my name be Zeus . mclane Zeus . zeus yes . Father of Apollo ? Nice pad on mount Olympus ? do n’t-fuck -with -me - or - i’11 - shove-a-lightning -bolt-up - your-ass ? Zeus , man , the Roman god . you get a problem with it ? mcclane look Zeus over . smile . mcclane you be a helluva date , Zeus . let 's do this every Tuesday , deal ? mcclane notice -- the livery cab driver be make strange eye at mcclane and Zeus in the rear-view mirror . ( remember , mcclane be almost entirely nude ) . livery driver hey - where we goin 's ? mcclane fifty-fifth and second . zeus where the fuck be that ? 22 . mcclane Police precinct . ext . STREET - passing shot - the livery cab roar through the intersection at broadway and 80th . Zeus ( v.0 . ) pull this goddamn cab over right now ! CUT to : ext . n.y.p.d. = midtown precinct ( 55th & 2 nd ave ) - day cop and detective come and go on the stone staircase of the large police precinct in the world . the livery cab pull up . mcclane get out . he pull he wallet out of he sock ( he 's still in he underwear ) and pay the Driver . mcclane come on . zeus stay seat in the cab . zeus I be not go in there . there 's folk in there I generally try to avoid . mcclane you can give a statement now or you can give a statement later . ( Zeus do not move ) I no make up you mind . I be not go to stand out here like this all day . . Zeus frown . he get out of the cab . he follow mcclane up the stair into the precinct . two uniformed cop exit and come down the stair . they pass mcclane and Zeus , stop , doubletake . zeus this loss of livelihood compensation : how much money we talk about ? they go inside the building . CUT to : int . chief of detective cobb 's office - day cobb be behind he desk , on the phone . the phone be 23 . hook up to a telephone call tracing machine . lambert sit in front of the desk , flipping through a large stack of file . mcclane 's put he clothes back on . cobb hang up the phone . turn to mcclane . cobb you get anywhere ? cobb c'mon , John . think. mcclane . it 's not somebody I bust , Arthur '' cobb how can you be sure of that ? mcclane " Simon . " it 's not a ordinary name . I have remember it . we be up the wrong tree anyway . he 's not go to use he real name . man in corner I disagree , Lieutenant . mcclane turn . in the corner be a man , 40 's , smoking a pipe . mcclane who be you ? cobb Fred schill , John . Fred do a lot of we psychiatric criminal evaluation at Bellevue hospital . - I ask he to be here . what 's you opinion , Doctor ? a pause . schill puff he pipe . dr . schilling any understanding of this character start , necessarily , with a understanding of megalomania - it 's a sickness - a pathological condition in which fantasy of control , or omnipotence , predominate . mcclane speak English . 24 . dr . schilling he want control over you - every move you make , you thought , you emotion . megalomaniacs do not operate anonymously - they need to know that you 's know who they be . ( beat ; he puff on he pipe ) I can virtually guarantee this man 's name be Simon - or possibly some variation of that . lambert do not have to be he first name . ( look at file ) I have get a Robert E. Simon right here . you bust he in , let 's see ... nineteen ... mcclane eighty-six . extortion and kidnap . he 's up in ossine . lambert . no he 's not . he get ten to fifteen and serve seven for good behavior . he be release to the state work - furlough program two month ago . cobb check it out , Joe . mcclane you be waste you time . Bob Simon be a bankrupt businessman who kidnap he former partner 's daughter . he 's a fuck - up , not a psychopath . the guy we be deal with be nut . weiss ( 0.s . ) a nut who know a lot about bomb . charle weiss , head of n.y.p.d. 's incendiary Control and forensics team , or i.c.f.t. ( i.e. , the " bomb squad " ) enter the office , carry a samsonite briefcase . Weiss be a frenetic , serious little guy who like he job a little too much . weiss we find this under a bench in Central Park and I must say , as a professional , this be very cool stuff . Weiss set the briefcase on the desk . attach to the briefcase be a SMALL BOX with a protrude antennae . weiss ten pound of plastique , just like he say . the detonation system 's not a fuse , not a timer . it 's that . ( point at the box ) Radio transmittor . Super high , super delicate frequency . now watch . he pop open the briefcase . a huge package of plastique explosive and a blasting cap be within . wire run from the transmittor to the blast cap . lambert , see the explosive , recoil . lambert Christ , Charlie ! weiss take it easy . it 's disarm . the beauty of this system be that it can be detonate from anywhere up to ten , twenty mile away . ( he look up at the other ) you boy 's no amateur , Arthur . this be the most sophisticated system in the world . Army stuff . seal team stuff . most terrorist do not have this stuff ... cobb Charlie ...? we get the message . thanks . Weiss pick up the briefcase , go to the door . wiess this be gonna be a interesting one , fella . Weiss exit . cobb Joe , start with the military . special force and navy seal . any discharge less than honorable , any psycho case . lambert you get it . ( point out window into the bullpen ) what about he ? cobb and mcclane look through the window at -- 26 . in the bullpen - Zeus carver sit with detective walsh at walsh 's desk . walsh be type . Zeus be give walsh he statement . cobb take he statement and let he go . suddenly cobb 's phone buzy . cobb 's Secretary pop she head in the office . secretary Arthur . it 's he . everyone exchange a glance . cobb here we go again , fella . cobb go to the phone and turn on the tracing machine . mcclane , lambert , and schill gather around the desk . cobb hit a button , connect the speaker phone . cobb Simon ? after a lengthy pause : simon I be hurt . really . I be not very happy . he wear the board and stand on the corner . congratulation . marvelous . where be my pigeon ? ( cheery ) I have two pigeon bright and gay , they fly from I the other day . what be the reason they do go ? you can not tell ; for you do not know . cobb you mean mcclane ? simon no , I mean Santa clause . cobb , mcclane , and lambert exchange look . cobb he 's here . simon what about the .... dark one . cobb he 's in the other .... be 27 . simon get hin . cobb motion to lambert . lambert go to the door and lean out , motion frantically to walsh and Zeus . meanwhile , Simon continue : simon about the trace you be put on this call : it will take ten minute , and five more for a car to get here , which happen to be a public payphone , so why do not we put that idea to beddy - bye ? walsh and Zeus enter the office . simon all present ? zeus look at the phone . look at everyone else . zeus who 's that ? simon hello . I take great trouble to prepare that game for Mr. mcclane and look what you do to my well - laid plan . zeus ( to the room ) this the bloomingdale guy ? ( cobb nod ) as far as I be concerned , you can stick you well - laid plan up you well - laid .... . click . cobb turn to Zeus , . furious . cobb Christ , there be people 's life at stake . ( beat ) you have better hope he call back . a dreadful silence fall on the room . everyone stare at the phone . the phone ring . cobb spring for it . punch the button . the call connect . click . 28 . cobb Simon ? please . Simon ? he speak out of turn . simon ( after a pause ) that be unpleasant . do not let it happen again ? : ( low , sinister ) what 's you name , boy ? zeus Zeus carver . do not call I boy . simon i’1l call you tarbaby if I like . I be go to spare you ; now I have change my mind . ( pause ) Simon say : mcclane and Zeus take a cab to the subway station at 72nd and Broadway . I will call you both in fifteen minute at the payphone in the island . any police escort or . failure to answer my call will cause non-compliance . by now you have find my briefcase - you understand the severity of the penalty . cobb you can make it if you go right now . somebody get out front and hail ‘em a cab . walsh hustle out of the office . 2 eus whoah whoah whoah . everyone look at Zeus . . zeus I be not go anywhere . mcclane he say you have to . zeus I do not care what he say . I be not jump through no hoop for some psycho . this be a white man with white problem , fella . ( walk to the door ) I be a fool to get mess up in this in the first place . have fun . 29 . Zeus be almost out the door . mcclane 's voice stop he : mcclane he 's go to ' kill a lot more people . Zeus turn . level cold eye at mcclane : zeus I hope they be white . and he continue out the door . cobb turn to mcclane : cobb . get he back here , John . mcclane where be the bomb in the Park ? High or low ? walsh High . the jungle gym at 107th . mcclane hurry out the door -- int . bullpen corridor - and run after Zeus , who be walk quickly toward the exit . he head he off . Zeus stop . zeus what ? mcclane you know the playground at 107th Street ? zeus of course I know it , it 's in harlem . I play there when I be a kid . mcclane that 's where we find the last bomb . ( beat ) this be not a " white " problen , zeus . Zeus frown . he wearily turn and follow mcclane back to cobb 's office and we -- CUT to : int . the bullpen corridor - minute later mcclane and Zeus be exite cobb 's office and cobb be bark order : 30 . : cobb John , do not play around - do exactly what he say . ricky and Joe - get a civilian vehicle from the undercover guy . follow ‘em to 72nd , but keep you distance 's - and keep I inform ! mcclane and Zeus disappear through the exit door . lambert and walsh go the other way to the motor pool . cobb go back in he office . mumble : cobb Simon say . shit. ( hit the intercom on he phone ) janie , get I the Mayor 's office . cuT to : ext . n.y¥.p.d. midtown precinct - day a yellow taxi cab sit at the curb . a uniformed patrolman hold the door open for -- mcclane and Zeus who race down the stone step . they hop in the taxi ; the door be slam shut ; the taxi speed off into traffic . cuut to : ext . 72nd ST . and broadway - day the taxi pull up to the curb on Broadway . mcclane and Zeus scramble out and run across the street . ext . 72nd ST . subway station island - day the station entrance be on a island in the the middle of the intersection , directly above the train track . next to the station be a news kiosk . next to the kiosk be a payphone . mcclane and Zeus run up to the phone . ext . across the STREET - a beat -up chevy impala sit at the curb . detective walsh and lambert in it . walsh speak into a c.b. radio walsh they be at the payphone now , over . ext . 72nd ST . subway station - by the payphone - day a woman , 30 's , well - dress , be talk as mcclane and ~~ 31 . Zeus approach . upper west side woman Clair , you should see the sale at Zabar .... . mcclane maam ? ( she ignore he ) maam , we need to use .... Zeus reach into the cubicle . zeus get the fuck off the phone , lady . ( he disconnect the call ) this be police business . upper west side woman hey ! horrify , she grab she bag and move off . mcclane there 's another phone across the street , maan . mcclane turn to Zeus . . mcclane let 's get something straight : I be on police business . you be not . zeus let 's get something straight : you need I more than I need you .. if you do not like the way I do thing , fine . ( walk away from the phone ) I quit . and the phone ring ! Zeus stop , turn , eyeing the ringing phone . mcclane and Zeus lock eye , glaring at each other . mcclane he say you have to be here . ( Zeus do not move ) all right . I need you . ( Zeus do not move ; mcclane sigh ) all right , I need you more than you need I . 32 . zeus reluctantly go back to the phone . mcclane answer the phone . zeus crowd in next to mcclane , share the receiver . " mcclane hello . . simon bird of a feather flock together , and so will pig and swine . rat and mouse all have they chance , and so will I have mine . ( beat ) why be the phone busy ? be you call someone ? mcclane no . simon I think there 's be non-compliance . I think people be go to die . mcclane no . it be just some lady . I swear it . just some lady . C simon I believe you , John . oh , my ! it 's time for a pop mental aptitude quiz . Simon laugh . mcclane and Zeus exchange a glance : " what the fuck ..? " simon ( now low and very fast ) solve the follow riddle or you get a penalty . ready ? : mcclane wait ! what 's the penalty ? simon oh . the trash receptacle next to you ? mcclane and Zeus look at the wire trash can next to they which have be in frame the whole time . simon there 's ten pound of plastique in it . listen carefully : ( then , very fast ) as I be go to St. ive I meet a man with seven wife 33 . simon ( cont ' have ) every wife have seven sack , every sack have seven cat , every cat have seven kitten . kitten , cat , sack and wife , how many weré go to St. ive ? ( beat ) my phone number be 555 and the answer . call I in thirty second or die . click . mcclane stare at Zeus . mcclane what be it , seven wife at St. ive ? zeus shut up . I be good at this stuff . mcclane there be seven wife with seven sack , right ? zeus shut the fuck up , mcclane . mcclane shut up . Zeus 's mind be go overdrive . zeus Seven wife with seven sack be forty - nine sack . what be the rest ? mcclane : something about cat and kitten . zeus right . each sack have seven cat . that 's forty - nine sack with seven cat each which be three hundred forty - two cat . each cat - ’has seven kitten so it 's three hundred forty - two cat with seven kitten each which be ... two thousand four hundred and . one kitten . easy . dial 555 - 2401 . mcclane be you sure ? zeus dial ! 34 . mcclane he say " kitten , cat , sack and wife . " zeus shit , you be fight . so it 's let 's see ... seven wife , forty - nine sack , three hundred and forty - two cat and two thousand .... ( do the addition ) two thousand , eight hundred ! mcclane ( punch the number , look at he watch ) - we be not go to make it .... the call connect . simon you nre date . I be very sorry . mcclane grab Zeus and dive away from the phone booth , scream to surrounding pedestrian : mcclane there 's a bomb in the trashcan ! mcclane and Zeus land in a heap on the pavement , cover up . second pass . nothing happen . mcclane sloowwly look up . a bunch of new yorker be stare at they . the phone receiver be swinging by its cord , and emanate from it we hear simon laughing . mcclane and Zeus get up and go back to the phonebooth . mcclane lift the receiver . mcclane yeah . simon I do not say " Simon say . " mcclane and Zeus collapse against the wall of the payphone compartment , breathe hard . 2 eus this guy 's get on my nerve . simon look through the grate next to the phone , John . mcclane look down at a big ventilation grate next to 35 . the payphone . twenty foot down , through the grate , he can see people on the platform , wait for the train . simon it be exactly 4:50 . have the number 5 train arrive ? suddenly the metal ventilation grate vibrate . we hear the dull rumble of a train pull in . mcclane it 's pull in now . simon this morning I leave something provocative on it . explosive even . ( suddenly low , dark , and very fast ) Simon say get to the payphone at the south end of the Wall Street station next to the news kiosk by 5:20 or the number 5 train , and all its passenger , will cease to exist . if you use any mean of travel other than a civilian vehicle , I will blow the train . if you make any attempt to close or evacuate the subway system , I will blow the train . I will call you in thirty minute . you would better be there . toodle -ooh . mcclane Simon , wait . wait .... click . ext . 72nd and broadway - subway station - day mcclane hang up . he look around , panic . zeus what 's he want ? mcclane we have get to be at Wall Street in half a hour . zeus or what ? mcclane he x11 ] detonate a bomb on that train . mcclane and Zeus look down . below they , passengers be step onto the five train . the door slam shut . the train pull away from the subway platform . 36 . zeus where be we , low 70' ? here to Wall Street in thirty minute ? " mcclane it 's possible . zeus at four a.m . look around : it 's morning rush hour . i it will take at least forty minute . we do not even have a car . mcclane think positively . zeus I be think positively and we still don ’t have a car . mcclane that 's a temporary .... ( look around ) ++.set -back . mcclane dash off the island into the street , flagging a cab . the cab pull over . mcclane flash he n.y.p.d. shield at the driver . * mcclane I be requistition this vehicle for police business , sir . the driver , a arab , look aghast at mcclane . arab cabbie no englie , no englie .... mcclane yank open the door . the arab driver reluctantly get out . mcclane get in , Zeus in the passenger side . int . taxi - day they settle in . mcclane grip the wheel . zeus pretty slick . show a badge , get a car . what do you think , ninth Avenue ? mcclane ( think ) no. 37 . zeuus I use to drive a cab . I know the best route . ninth Avenue ... mcclane throw it in drive . the car bolt forward . mcclane throw the steering wheel . the taxi fishtail into a u-turn , head into traffic . oncoming car veer to the side , screeching . mcclane throw the steering wheel again . the taxi hop the curb , sliding , tire wailing , and roar down 72nd Street , now head east . across the STREET - in the impala walsh and lambert pull away from the curb , give chase . ext . columbus and 72 nd - a red traffic light - day the taxi blast through the red-light at the intersection , narrowly miss -- 1 ) a baby carriage ; 2 ) three guy in business suit ; and , 3 ) two nun ( who be stil ] praying ) int . taxi - day Zeus clutches the dashboard , eye wide . zeus where the hell be you go !? I be tell you : ninth Avenue be the quick way south . mcclane no it be not . int . chevy impala - day walsh drive . lambert 's on the radio . lambert they be head east on 72nd toward Central Park . ext . 72nd and central park west - day again , another red light . gridlock . two truck in the intersection . six , maybe seven foot between then . the taxi be approach the intersection at 80 m.p.h . -- int . taxi - day Zeus throw up he hand , wait for the inevitable 38 . impact . which do not come . ext . intersection - 72nd and central park west - day the taxi shoot between 's the bumper of the truck , scraping metal , shoot SPARKS -- and fly into central park on the central park thruway ! the impala , trail , do not make it . it fishtail , attempt to stop , and run up on the curb . int . the impala - day walsh bang on the steering wheel . walsh shit ! lambert ( into the radio ) they go into the park . we lose ‘em . ext . central park thruway - day the taxi fall into traffic behind other car and cab . int . taxi - day Zeus be stare malevolently at mcclane . zeus we be head east . mcclane I know . zeus wall STREET be south . mcclane ( hold up a finger ) do not yell at I . ( again , calmly : ) the best way south be not ninth Avenue , it 's through the park . I mean that in the ... ( jerk the wheel to the right ) .+. literal sense ... ext . central park thruway - day the taxi hop the curb into the jogger 's lane . pedestrian , bycyclist , rollerbladers scramble and dive 39 . out of the way as the taxi smashes through the wood raile fence and head pell mell into -- the sheep meadow . now head south ! through the park ! int .. taxi - day mcclane be drive like hell across the sheep meadow ! Zeus be catatonic . through the windshield - in the meadow - people who , second ago , be relax , be now scrambling out of the way . : -- a guy with a frisbee nearly catch a fender . -- a passionate couple , necking on a blanket , do a logroll out of the way . -- a white - face , juggling mime toss he juggling pin and run . . zeus be you aim for this people ?! mcclane no. ( look in the rear view mirror ) well , except for that mime . the taxi fly on . headed toward the softball field . cut to : ext . central park - 64th ST . ~ softball field - day two team of out - of - shape banker and lawyer be relive they highschool glory day . the taxi rip into the infield , slinging dirt , miss the baserunner by inch . it roar through the diamond , head for the central park south thruway . int . taxi - day mcclane grip the wheel with white knuckle . Zeus be have a coronary . zeus you 're crazy , you know that ? ext . central park south thruway - day the taxi smashes through the wooden railing , now entering the thruway , fishtail through the jogging lane , and sliding headlong into traffic . 40 . int . taxi - day mcclane okay , there 's Central Park South . how much time leave ? Zeus look at he wristwatch . zeus twenty -seven minute . mcclane 72nd and Broadway to Central Park South in three minute during rush hour ? get to be a record . mcclane look at Zeus . he glare at back . mcclane floor it . ext . central park south - day the taxi fly out of Central Park onto 6th Avenue . ( Avenue of the Americas ) and run straight into - a impenetrable wall of traffic . - int . taxi - day everything have come to a dull , painful crawl . mcclane scan the Avenue . mcclane I be afraid of this . Midtown at rush hour 's murder . zeus we need a firetruck . . mcclane I do not see any fire . zeus to follow ... mcclane gotcha . done deal . mcclane click on the c.b. adjust the band . switchboard ( v.0 . ) n.y.p.d. May I help you ? mcclane this be Lieutenant John mcclane , n.y.p.d. access i.d. number 7479 , call from a civilian transmittor . give I a emergency dispatcher . 41 . a pause , as we hear a phone ringing , then : emergency dispatcher ( v.0 . ) 911 what 's you emergency ? - mcclane ( frantically ) two officer down at the corner of 14th Street and 9th Avenue ! we need a ambulance , this be a emergency ! mcclane slam down the radio and jerk the wheel , bang a right on 57th street . he turn to Zeus . mcclane emergency call on the west side of Manhattan go to Roosevelt Hospital . ( look at Zeus ) which happen to be two block away . zeus ( get it ) what do you know ....? mcclane you be good at math , well I be good at this shit . mcclane gun it . the car fly down 57th Street . CUT to : ext . 57 th & 9th - roosevelt hospital , establishing - day uneventful . a nurse wheel a patient up the entrance ramp . suddenly the hospital 's e.m.s. ( emergency Medical service ) garage door ( locate on 9th Avenue ) roll open and a e.m.s. ambulance van roar out onto 9th avenue , head south , its siren blaring whooop whoop whoop . across the STREET - on 57th ST . - the taxi come fly around the corner , fishtail onto 9th Avenue , fall in behind the ambulance ! int . taxi - zeus and mcclane mcclane that 's the ticket - pick up some blocker , then go for the endzone . mcclane punch the accelerator , follow the ambulance . : 42 . ext . aerial shot - 9th ave . down the west side - day all the way down 9th avenue , car pull to the curb . the sidestreet traffic halt . as -- the ambulance , siren wailing , roar through intersection after intersection , run interference for mcclane and zeus in the taxi ! int . taxi - behind the ambulance - day mcclane drop the hammer . 40 mile a hour . 50 . 60 .. block after block fly by . Zeus look at mcclane , impressed . zeus why fourteenth Street ? if you would say Wall Street , we have have they the whole way . mcclane emergency call below fourteenth Street be take by a different hospital -- St. luke . zeus well be not you one slick muthafucka . mcclane gun the car and -- ext . 14 th ST . and 9th avenue - day the ambulance skid to a stop in the intersection . paramedics scramble out , look frantically around for the '' officer down . " int . taxi .- day mcclane veer to avoid the ambulance in front of hin . he clear it and accelerate through the intersection . mcclane how much time ? Zeus look at he watch . zeus it 's 5:02 . we be half - way there with eighteen minute to go . what do you think ? ! 43 . mcclane I dunno . we be hit traffic again . ( think a moment ) fuck this . mcclane bang a leave on 12th Street . . zeus where be you go ? mcclane you will see . cur to : ext . sheridan sq . ( 12th & 7th ave . ) , establishing - day the West Village . a sign on the subway entrance : sheridan square . the taxi pull over in front of the Subway stair . int . taxi - mcclane and Zeus - day mcclane time ? zeus sixteen minute . mcclane sheridan Square with sixteen minute leave mean we make it here in fourteen minute , right ? zeus right . mcclane so we be probably ahead of the train , right ? zeus probably . ( beat ) you be not think what I think you be think . mcclane that 's exactly what I be think . mcclane get out of the taxi . leans in the window : mcclane I '' get on that train . 4a , zeus you nre outta you mind . mcclane it make sense . you get to the phone by 5:20 : I / x11 find the bomb and get rid of it in the tunnel . if you fail , I have get you cover . if I fail , you be cover for I - we bre cut the odd in half . zeus yeah , and what if I do not get to the phone by 5:20 , and you do not find the bomb and get rid of it . . mcclane then I be fuck . ( unholster he gun ) you know how to use this ? mcclane hand Zeus the gun ; Zeus look at it . zeus I think I be not on police business . mcclane I be depute you . zeus my lucky fuckin’ day . Zeus reluctantly take the gun . mcclane ' see you on Wall Street . and mcclane run . down the stair into the subway ! zeus mcclane ! goddamn it .... Zeus watch mcclane race off . he toss the gun on the seat , then throw it in drive and speed off . CUT to : int . sheridan square - subway station - day mcclane dash down the stair to the platform . he jump the turnstile and see -- the number 5 train 's door be close . mcclane shit . 4s . mcclane turn , vault the turnstile , and run back up to the street level . ext . ninth avenue - mcclane sprint down the sidewalk on 9th Avenue , arrive at ventilation grate above the subway track . he kneel and lift up the grate , toss it aside . he lower himself into the ventilation hole , hang there by he finger . the subway train pass beneath he , still move slowly , accelerate into the tunnel and -- mcclane release he grip , fall onto -- int . subway tunnel -- the roof of the driver 's car . int . subway train - driver 's car the subway driver look up , astonished at -- mcclane , outside , cling to the door of the driver 's car , banging on the window . the driver open the door ; mcclane slide inside . he flip out he detective 's shield . mcclane just keep drive and stay on schedule . mcclane open the back door of the driver 's compartment and enter the first subway car . CUT to : ext .. greenwich ave . - tribeca - day the taxi , Zeus at the wheel , fly through traffic . int . taxi - day Zeus look up through the windshield at -- Zeus 's Pov - wall STREET 's world trade tower loom over the sky-line , just ahead . back to scene - Zeus lower he eye to the street . oh my GOD -- a tractor trailer be in the intersection ahead of hin . 46 . Zeus slam on the brake . the taxi screech to a stop at the light . Zeus nervously tap he finger on the wheel , wait for the truck to make the corner . suddenly the back seat door of the taxi open . Zeus whirl around , stare at -- a guy in a business suit sit in the backseat . Zeus have pick up a passenger ! and he 's a snotty guy : business guy 112 Wall Street , please . zeus you have get to get out , sir . business guy no . you light 's on . ( beat ) let I make this simple : take I to Wall Street or I 'il have you be medallion suspend . ( beat ) what , you do not like white people ? Zeus glare at the guy . sigh . . zeus fine. 112 Wall Street it be . the light turn GREEN . Zeus floors it . the taxi sprint through the intersection . int . subway train - passenger car - day the train be rocketing through the tunnel . mcclane come through the door connect two car . it 's not very crowded . some stockbroker . a few lady . he move down the aisle , stooping low , look underneath the row of mold fiberglass subway seat . he pause . look up at -- a lady . she adjust she leg . she think he 's try to look up she dress . mcclane hurriedly move the length of the car . go through door into the next car . CUT to : 47 . ext . wall STREET - world trade center - day the street be fill with five o'clock commuter . we hear a engine gunning . the taxi roar up at 50 tmile a hour and careen to the curb . Zeus get out and run down the step to the wall ST . subway station . int . taxi cab the Business guy in the backseat stare straight ahead , eye like saucer . ( one can only imagine what the rest of the trip be like . ) : int . wall STREET subway station - establishing - day one of the larger station in Manhattan , distinguished by a huge digital clock and even bigger digital stock and bond quotron , both of which hang from the ceiling of the train platform , give Wall Street commuter up - to-the-minute market price . at the south end of the long platform be the 's wall STREET news kiosk . next to that be a public telephone . at the turnstile - zeus run up to the turnstile and jump over one . a transit cop , eat a donut , see he . transit cop hey !! Zeus do not look back . he keep right on go . the transit cop hop over a turnstile and give chase . int . train platform - day Zeus run through the crowd , smash into people like a pin-ball .. overhead , the huge digital clock read : 5:18 . Zeus reach the pay phone by the news kiosk , huffing and puffing . a businessman stand in front of the phone , fishing for quarter in he pocket . CUT to : int . subway train - passenger car - day mcclane be frantic now , move down the aisle of a car , look under the seat . he look at he watch . insert - mcclane 's watch : 5:19 back to scene - mcclane wipe sweat from he eye . continue into the next - to - last car , bend , stooping , 48 . look under the seat . there . there it be . something under the seat . mcclane rush to it . gommuter stare at he as he get on he hand and knee and look under the seat . a bundle of plastique explosive , a black box transmittor attach to it , antennae protrude , be fix to the underside of the seat with box tape . very slooowwly , with sweat stream down he face , mcclane begin to rip the tape off . he finally unleash the explosive , stand up , and begin walk , tenderly , toward the back of the train . CUT to : int . subway station platform - payphone - day Zeus be by the phone , nervously watch the clock . the businessman be fishing for quarter in he pocket . the digital clock flip to 5:20 . . and the businessman find he goddamn quarter ! he begin slide they in the money slot of the phone . zeus ) uhh , sir , I need that phone . businessman Drop dead . Zeus pull he gun and point it at the businessman . zeus get away from the phone . the businessman look at Zeus and , alarmed , begin to back away from the phone . we hear the click of a revolver behind Zeus . and then : voice ( v.0 . ) drop the gun and get you hand up ! Zeus freeze . drop the gun . the transit cop stand ten pace away , revolver cocked . commuter on the platform run for cover . women scream . Zeus look at the Transit cop . look at the phone . and the phone ring . Zeus slowly raise he hand . the Transit cop grab he by the collar , spin hin , 49 . push he face - first against the wall . the phone ring again . - zeus look , I have to answer that . transit cop shut up . the phone ring for the third time . and just then -- emanate from the Subway tunnel - we hear the rumble of the train come into the station . zeus stare at the phone , panic . and it ring for the FOURTH time . the cop spread Zeus 's leg and begin to pat he down . cuT to : int . subway train ~- last car - day mcclane be move through the last car with the bomb , scream at passengers . mcclane this be a bomb . move . get out of here . the passengers , panic and hollering , scramble through the door into the front car . mcclane get to the back door of the last car . he look out the window . the train track fall away from the move train . he set the plastique on a seat and jerk the door handle . it 's jammed . mcclane strain . look at he watch . it 's 5:20 . he strain with all he might . it will not open ! cuut to : int . subway station platform - day the cop be patting down Zeus 's leg , frisk he . the phone ring again . the fifth ring . the sixth . Zeus 's right hand ( plaster against the wall ) inch toward the phone receiver . he grab it off the cradle , whip around , and smashes it against the cop 's temple . the cop go down , writhe in pain , he revolver fall on the platform . Zeus grab the gun and train it on the cop , hold he at bay . 50 . the phone be dangle from its metal cord . Zeus grab it and shout into it : zeus yeah . I ’m here . after a pause : simon yes . you be . ( beat ) where be mcclane ? zeus he could not make it . simon the rule be you both have to be there . you have to learn to follow instruction . I be afraid this be non-compliance . good-bye . zeus Simon , wait .... , click . zeus look at the phone in terror and turn to -- the first car of the train emerge from the tunnel . zeus cower in anticipation of the explosion . : zeus get down ! the businessman and the Transit cop look at Zeus , confuse , as if he 's a lunatic . int . subway tunnel - track - the subway car be enter the station . we focus on the wheel of the car inching toward -- a electronic detonator attach to the subway track . it 's a wire stretch across the rail , connect two '' circuit breaker ; the pass of the first subway car will cut the wire , and thus trigger the detonator ... int . subway train - last car mcclane give up on the door handle . he bhrust he elbow through the glass window of the subway door . he grip the bundle of plastique and -- fling it through the smashed aperture in the window . the plastique fall on the track and -- '' 1 . mcclane dive forward , slide across the car 's floor to the other end of the car . he cover up , but -- nothing happens . mclane , confuse , uncover and look around as -- int . subway tunnel ~~ the wheel of the first car roll over the wire of the detonator , break the circuit . the detonator flash , send a signal to -- ° int . subway tunnel - down the track -- the bundle of plastique explosive which mcclane flung from the train . . the plastique detonate . a holocaustic explosion erupt in the tunnel , knock the train 's back car off the track and tipping it over . the explosion blast a hole in the ceiling of the subway tunnel , create a crater in the middle of Wall Street . on the subway station platform ~- the fireball erupt from the tunnel open with fury and impact , knock - zeus , the businessman , the transit cop and other commuter to the platform floor . then it be over . commuter be run for the exit , scream . the ceiling sprinklers have come on . the transit cop be on he knee , search for he gun . zeus , groggy , get to he foot , the sprinkler shower she . he peer through heavy smoke at -- the tunnel open - a man be emerge from the tunnel open past the derail train . he come through the smoke and train wreckage . it 's mcclane . his forehead be cut and bloody . he climb up onto the station platform and walk up to Zeus and the transit cop . he flip open he n.y.p.d. shield for the cop . mcclane I be acop . he 's with I . mcclane and Zeus look at each other . zeus have you cover all the way . s2 . mcclane tell I about it . dissolve to : ext ... wall ST . station ~ STREET level - late afternoon there be a huge crater in the middle of Wall Street . firemen be spraying chemical fire retardant into the crater hole . the intersection be a tangle of firetruck , ambulance and police cruiser . the area around the crater and subway station be close off with police barricade . t.v. news team conduct interview , jockey for position . the sidewalk be fill with rubberneck stockbroker and lawyer . behind barricade - on the back bumper of a ambulance - mcclane and Zeus sit . a e.m.s. paramedic apply a butterfly bandage to mcclane 's cut forehead . Zeus be drink coffee , stare into the smoke , watch paramedics carry off the injure . - lambert and walsh come up to then . lambert two break bone , a couple concussion , a old guy 's pacemaker stop and a pregnant girl 's water break ( smile ) and nobody die . walsh ( shake head ) shit , I do not know how you do it , but you do it . ( walsh kneel in front . of mcclane ) John , but. you have get to help we on this ... think . some guy who 's get it in for you . some kid you beat up in highschool , who know . mcclane ( the strain show on he face ) ricky , I have be think about it . cobb ( 0.s. ) John . mcclane turn and look . cobb be outside the barricade , motion to hin . # 53 . cobb ( to Zeus ) you too . mcclane and Zeus get up - and move past the barricade , follow cobb . . ext . wall STREET alleyway - day a dark van be park in a alleyway down the street from the blast site . two men in dark suit and sunglass stand by the van . they dress and demeanor indicate they be federal agent . mcclane and Zeus follow cobb to the van . : one of the dark - suite man open the door for they . cobb cliimb in ; mcclane and Zeus follow . int . van - day mcclane and Zeus get in and sit next to cobb . in the back of the van be a bank of computer and phone modums manned by a young f.b.i. agent . in the seat opposite be two men , 40 's , stare at they . andrew cross and william jarvis be deadly serious , career g-men . a briefcase sit on jarvis 's lap . cross detective mcclane ? ( extend hand ) Andrew Cross , Federal Bureau of investigation . ( nod to Zeus ) Mr. carver . mcclane and Zeus shake Cross 's hand . mcclane turn to jarvis . mcclane you also with the Bureau ? jarvis ( shake he head , extend hand ) William jarvis , Central Intelligence administration . call I Bill . mcclane the c.i.a. and the f.b.i . why 's the a - team here , Bill . : cobb the situation 's worse than we think , John . s4 . mcclane that 's say a lot , consider the fuckin’ guy just blow up a subway . - cross detective mcclane , four year ago the communist bloc 's top field operative , a East german , be catch attempt to assassinate the leader of the new democratic regime in Romania . he be sentence to life imprisonment in a bucharest jail . six week ago he escape . we have positive confirmation he 's pierce United States soil . mcclane what 's this get to do with I ? I have never be to Germany , east or west , and it have take I a mintute to find Romania on a map . cobb exchange a look with jarvis and Cross . jarvis detective mcclane , be the name gruber familiar to you ? a pause . mcclane 's eye narrow . mcclain yes . jarvis flick open he briefcase and remove a c.i.a . intelligence dossier . he close the briefcase and set the dossier on he lap . it be stamp with a government seal : '' priority top secret . " ' jarvis turn the dossier around and open the cover . close on mcclane as he look at the dossier . his jaw muscle tighten ; he eye darken . jarvis han gruber . correct ? now we see -- insert - inside the dossier be a photograph of han gruber ( play by Alan rickman in " die hard . " ) stand in front of East Berlin 's brandenberg Gate , smile , he arm around someone we cannot see because of the photograph jis obscure by a piece of paper . back to scene 55 . cross five year ago , han gruber try to steal 600 million dollar in bearer bond from the nakatomi Exchange in Los Angeles . - you thwart the theft and kill hin . jarvis do you know that gruber be a member of East Germany 's counter - intelligence community ? do you know , detective mcclane , that he have a brother ? a young brother name ... he remove the sheet of paper from the photograph -- insert ~ the dossier photograph - han gruber 's arm be around a younger man , also smile , a young and more sinister version of han . jarvis ( v.0 . ) +.. Simon ? back to scene mcclane stare at simon gruber , the brother of the man he kill . his mind be racing . he swallow hard . mcclane tell I about this guy . jarvis flip through the dossier . ' he read Simon gruber 's intelligence report as mcclane flip through more photograph . jarvis Simon gruber . bear February 13 , 1952 in dresden . conscript in the East german army , 1970 . photograph - simon gruber in a military uniforn . jarvis court-martialed 1972 for assault a superior officer . he be offer the fire squad or service in they secret police . suffice it to say he take the latter . photograph - simon gruber exite a automobile in the place de la concorde in Paris . mcclane what be he job ? 56 . jarvis assassin , and a very good one . in 1976 he neutralize we best agent . gruber have a 1.q. of 187 . he 's ' fluent in seventeen language and impossible to ’contain . he come and go as he wish . photograph - simon gruber on a bridge over the danube in Vienna . simon gruber move through a crowded street a in budapest . jarvis : he be clinically psychotic . in 1980 , the Israelis try to take he ~ out . the agent miss , but kill gruber 's lover . photograph - simon gruber with a beautiful young woman in a cafe in Amsterdam . | jarvis two week later the israeli agent , most of he , be find in a hotel closet in Prague . : zeus '' most of he ? i jarvis his head be place neatly in the middle of the bed , on a pillow . | zeus ahh , fuck I .... ( rise ) . this have be fun , fella , but I think I hear my mother call .... jarvis sit down , Mr. carver . Simon gruber : have come to New York and he 's not very happy with detective mcclane . or you , for that matter . because of the use of explosive , we be inclined to think Simon 's with this man -- photograph - A. dark , compact man on a street in Eastern Europe . jarvis Mathias targo , hungarian , gruber 's protege . easily the terrorist community 's most dangerous explosive expert . 57 . there 's a knock on the van door . cross yes ? the van door open . detective ricky walsh lean in the door with a grim expression . say to cobb : walsh Arthur ... ( hand cobb a cellular phone ) -.. it 's he again . everybody stare at the phone in cobb 's hand . cobb hello . simon hello , Arthur . cross ( turn to a young f.b.i. agent in the back of the van ) Tommy . speaker . cobb Simon , I be put you on speaker phone . cobb hand the phone to a the young f.b.i. agent ( tommy ) in the back of the van , who put the cellular phone ina modum with a speaker capability . we hear simon : simon : let 's see , I bet there 's John mcclane , and Zeus , and who from the f.b.i ....? a pause . Cross clear he throat . cross this be deputy director Andrew Cross , Simon . simon deputy director ? I be insulted . and who be I miss ....? jarvis William jarvis , Simon . simon Bill , Bill , Bill . the last time I see you be through the telescopic sight of a reugers rifle . do you still wear thdse horn -rimm glass , they be so unbecome . everyone look at jarvis 's horn-rimmed glass . jarvis grit he tooth . simon congratulation , John , two for two . I think you might be get bored so I have put twenty - eight hundred . pound of C - 4 plastique explosive in one of the 246 school in Greater New York . it 's set with a timer .... cobb Excuse I , do you say twenty - eight hundred pound ? simon yes . please do not interrupt again . it 's time to explode in exactly three hour , at 3:00 p.m . if any child be see exite any of the school , I will detonate the bomb by remote control . mcclane what ' 's the Simon say part ? simon hello , John . Simon say : mcclane and he new friend go to the payphone in Washington Square Park . I will call you in twenty minute . if you do what you be tell I will tell you where the bomb be and how to disarm it . cobb Simon , wait . which school ? simon if I tell you that it would not be fun , would it ? by the way : the bomb 's detonator be set to receive the police ban frequency . I / have avoid use you radio . cobb Simon , wait .... click . everyone stare at each other . 59 . mcclane twenty -eight hundred pound of C - 4 . ten pound of the stuff can level a building . where would he get that ? - jarvis you do not know this man . cobb he 's bluff . jarvis I gaurantee you he be not . there 's a knock on the van door . the door open . Charlie Weiss from the n.y.p.d. bomb squad stick he head in the van . weiss Arthur , we trace the explosive from the bomb in Central Park . the manufacturer 's in Grand rapid , Michigan . I call ‘em . they have a break - in over the week - end . ( beat ) you will not believe this . twenty - eight hundred pound of c=-4 high - density plastique explosive . that 's the equivalent of what we drop on Hiroshima . everyone look at each other . zeus mcclane . the riddle . jarvis what riddle ? mcclane Simon give we a riddle . the answer be twenty - eight hundred . cobb you have get twenty minute , John . when you get something , call the police switchboard . they 's 1ll find I . mcclane turn to Zeus : ; mcclane you up for this ? zeus do I have a choice ? 60 . mcclane and Zeus exit the van , hustling down the alleyway for Washington Square Park . cobb turn to Cross and jarvis : cobb I be go to need federal help here . CUT to : ext . wall STREET - subway blast site cobb be behind the barricade . all the police , firemen , and e.m.s. worker be crowded in front of hin . cobb ricky , get the media out of here . walsh move off yell at the t.v. news team . walsh you have gotta evacuate the area . now , people ... cobb continue : cobb I want every available man -- transit cop , triboro Authority cop , airport cop , the fire department , and e.m.s. personnel . I want every school cordon off . no kid can leave . and do not use you radio ! and do not tell the press or we will have the biggest panic in New York since the blackout in ' 76 ! the cop scurry off . cobb mutter to no one in particular . cobb goddamn this guy .... ext . wall STREET - rooftop - day we be on rooftop 25 storey above the blast site . below , on Wall Street , the cop be scurrying off to try to find the bomb in the school . a man be at the edge of the roof , look down . he ~ - turn away and we be face - to- face with -- simon gruber , age 42 . everything about this man be disconcert : he physicality , the way he move , the 61 . way he light a cigarette . his eye be very blue , yet dead , like a shark . his smile be ironic , detach . simon they buy it . mathias targo , next to Simon , nod . targo be hungarian , 30s , compact and deadly . he never smile . Simon flip open a cellular phone , punch number . simon go . Simon and targo turn and look north , up greenwich Avenue , toward tribeca . a mile away they can see -- simon 's Pov = from rooftop vantage - ten huge industrial dumptruck wheel around a corner and head down greenwich Ave. toward Wall Street . back to scene Simon pocket the cellular phone and turn to targo , who wear a grim expression . simon do someone die ? Simon smile ; targo maintain he grim expression . targo he get on the train , Simon . the bomb detonate in the wrong place . simon it 's close enough . targo you have more in common with you brother than I think . simon what ? targo you both underestimate this man . Simon 's smile vanish . he be instantly cold , detach . simon keep you opinion about my brother - and I - to yourself , Mathias . Simon turn and walk off . targo watch he . 62 . int . kennedy airport - day a n.y.p.d. airport security Captain hang up a phone and turn to he sergeant : airport police captain release every man you can spare and get over to the Manhattan bureau . they have get a situation over there - and do not use you radio ! the sergeant hurry off and we -- int . triboro authority - day a n.y.p.d. Bridge and tunnel Captain scream at he subordinate , who hustle for the door . triboro police captain move , people , move ! CUT to : int . midtown bureau - detective bullpen - day a emergency briefing . the room be fill with uniform cop and detective , some still enter . cobb be in the front of the room with a huge map of Greater New York , break down assignment . CUT to : int . garage - n.y.p.d. motor pool - day a police motor pool garage - a line of a hundred n.y¥.p.d. cruiser . as each cruiser exit the garage , the cop at the wheel i 2 CUT to : int . n.¥.p.d. = police dispatch the switch center for all police communication . a row of thirty dispatcher sit at they phone . the pace be frantic . obviously , the volume of call have just drastically increase . wanda shepherd , the head dispatcher , a wiry , chainsmoke , frenetic woman , watch she staff . she turn and walk down the corridor , run into -- 63 . sgt . JOHN turley , n.y¥.p.d. Chief of Internal Communications . turley 's natural calm be the mirror opposite of shepherd 's natural frenzy . wanda shepherd sergeant , we have just quadruple we volume in five minute . what the hell be ...? JOHN turley stop . let I explain . for the rest of the day we be handle all the department 's communication . wanda shepherd what do you mean all communication . JOHN turley we be shutting down the police ban . all call will be handle through this switchboard . wanda shepherd and I be gonna marry Donald trump ! do you have any idea what kind of . volume we be talk about ....? turley take she arm and pull she toward the dispatch room . JOHN turley stop . we will deal with this as best we can . do you want a valium ? they move inside the dispatch room and we -- CUT to : ext . WASHINGTON square park - day . the park at the bottom of 5th Avenue . it be mid-day and pack . baby stroller , rollerblader , a few artist . a juilliard violinist play for quarter . mcclane and Zeus come across the park ; they stop at the phone next to the fountain in the park 's center . zeus what do we do now ? mcclane we wait . they stand there by the phone in silence . Zeus be eyeing mcclane . 64 . zeus you know , I think I recognize you . saw you be name in the paper . read the article too . Mr. distinguish service Medal . so who the fuck be John mcclane ? mcclane you read the article . zeus fuck the article . who 's John mcclane ? mcclane he 's forty year old . he 's a cop . he 's divorced because he 's a cop . and somebody 's try to kill he . ( beat ) who be Zeus carver ? . zeus he 's twenty - nine . he own a appliance shop . he 's divorced because - none o’ you fuckin’ business . and somebody 's try to kill he because he save some white cop 's ass . they eye each other . mcclane you think for five minute we can get around this black white thing ? zeus sure . Fine . let 's " get around it . " what the fuck do that mean . mcclane it mean you have get a beef with I because I be white . you want to tell I why ? zeus if you have to ask the question , you will not understand the answer . they eye each other . then they talk at once , the pace and intensity increase : mcclane let 's get something straight ... zeus -».- yeah , you be good at that ... silence . 65 . mcclane +..- I do not own any slave ... _ zeus ..- anh man , you be not go to shovel this bullshit at I ... mcclane .+..™ my ancestor , to my knowledge , do not own any slave .... zeus «.- you think I have not hear this shit before ...? - mcclane ...- and I do not give a rat 's leave testicle if you be black , or white , or green ... zeus ++. let I get something straight ... mcclane «-.or fuck purple ... zeus ... suck my dick , mcclane . they glare at each other . the phone ring . they continue stare each other down . neither move . zeus you gonna answer that ? mcclane grab the phone . mcclane hello . simon multiplication be vexation , division be as bad ; the rule of Three , doth puzzle I , and practice drive I mad . ( beat ) can you both hear I ? mcclane motion to Zeus , who come up close . they share the phone receiver . reluctantly . mcclane yes . simon the top of the phone booth . 66 . Zeus take the phone . . mcclane reach to the roof of the phonebooth . his hand lower , hold a cardboard BOX . '' simon open it . . mcclane set the box on the ground and open it . mcclane and Zeus stare at -- inside the BOX - a weighing scale ( the household variety ) attach to a digitally time detonator . . simon turn toward the fountain . ( mcclane and Zeus turn ; look ) do you see the two jug ? there Pov - panning the edge of the fountain we move past a couple kid , a old guy smoking a cigarette ... two plastic jugs with handle sit by the lip of the fountain . . back to scene simon one be a five gallon jug , the other be a three gallon jug . Simon say fill one of the jug with exactly four gallon of water and place it on the scale . mcclane and Zeus exchange a look . mcclane why should we do that ? simon that exact weight of water will stop the detonator attach to the scale . zeus detonator ? where 's the bomb ? mcclane 's look over Zeus 's shoulder . his face darken . he say under he breath .... mcclane over there , Zeus . Zeus whirl around and look at -- there Pov - across the pond - a childrens 's park about 50 yard away . a swingset , a jungle gym , a 67 . teeter - totter , etc . a group of kide and there mother and nannies be play . the kid be tear - assing around the place . under the jungle gym , a samsonite briefcase glint in the sunshine . back to scene - Simon continue : simon exactly four gallon in one of the jug . I emphasize exactly . you have twenty minute . mclane and Zeus look down in horror as -- the digital timer on the detonator flick on . it read : 20:00 . then flip to 19:59 and begin count down : 19:58 , 19:57 , 19:56 .... mcclane Simon , wait , how be we go to ...? simon if I tell you it would not be fun ? would it John . click . CUT to : simon click off he cellular phone ; we see that he 's on street level as we widen to -- ext . wall STREET - subway blast site simon and targo , both wear hardhat and suit and tie . they walk toward -- two uniformed police officer guard the barricade perimeter of the blast site from pedestrian . alli _ the ; . vehi have be devert to deal with the bomb in the school . in the b.g. the ten industrial dumptruck be pull up to the site and parking next to the blast site . Simon approach the cop . he open he wallet and flash proper credential . simon ( american accent ) Bob Thompson , City engineer . ( look at the crater Holy Toledo , somebody have fun . cop 1 fuckin 's unbelievable ehh ? what can I do for you Mr. Thompson ? 68 . simon the mayor want this train up and run - that 's where I come in . we be go to clear the rubble and gauge the extent of damage . cop 2 that be quick . simon Wall Street , son . when rich people want something , they do not wait . — cop 1 ( laugh ) come on , we will take you down . the two cop lead Simon and targo down the station step . Simon stop . targo continue behind the cop , pull a silenced handgun from a shoulder holster . targo and the cop round the corner , descend to the platform . we hear silenced gunshot , then the sound of body collapse . - targo come back up the staircase , nodd to Simon . simon turn to the dumptruck and motion . two men get out of the lead dumptruck , dress as n.y.p.d. patrolmen . they take the dead policemen 's place behind the barricade . mr . luck , the driver of the lead dumptruck , back up to the crater hole in Wall Street . the bed of he truck rise , dump out portable steel ramping girder . several other dumptruck driver leave they truck ; they pick up the ramping girder and begin erecting a ramp from the street level to the subway track below . a dumptruck back up to the crater . other driver * offload a tunnel digger ( use in mining operation - a machine that dig huge hole ) , and a massive crate . cut to : ext . WASHINGTON square park - day . the digital timer on the detonator ( attach to the scale ) be count : 15:32 , 15:31 , 15:30 , etc . mcclane have the jug in hand . mcclane let 's start over . four gallon in one of the jug . I do not get it . 69 . zeus I neither . _ mcclane obviously we can not get four gallon in the three ' gallon jug . zeus obviously . mcclane I know ! pour the three gallon jug full , then pour it into the five . now there 's exactly three gallon in 's the five gallon jug , right ? zeus right .... and then ...? mcclane uhh ... fill the three gallon jug a third of the way , give we one more gallon ... zeus no , no , no , Simon say exactly four gallon . we can not eyebal ] the last gallon . look , do not say you know , unless you know . we have to be precise . mcclane like you coke bottle idea ? zeus Drop it , mcclane .... mcclane -..no , ¢’mon , let 's find a sixteen ounce coke bottle in the trash and fill the five gallon thirty - two time . that 's real fuckin’ precise , Zeus .... zeus ... I say grop it , mcclane .... CUT to : ext . wall STREET subway station - STREET level - day the fake cop be stand guard . the driver be building the steel ramp into the crater . int . wall STREET subway station - track - day we be in the tunnel , 50 yard from the station platform . 70 . simon and targo stand on the track , watch -- the tunnel digger spew dirt out of 10 's by 6 's aperture that 's be jackhammered in the concrete wall of the subway tunnel . it back S out . the tunnel digger operator turn to Simon : tunnel digger operator we be at the armor plate . Simon nod to targo . targo crowbar open the huge crate we see unload from the dumptruck , revealing a six - foot diameter , diamond - tip hydraulic drill mount on tread . he get behind the control and start the engine . int . subway tunnel - further down - day a jackhammered hole in the subway wall . the hole be light with battery power construction lamp . inside the hole - mr. luck ( the lead dumptruck driver ) be on he belly next to a electrical conduit the size of a log . the conduit 's steel case be rip open , expose hundred of separate electrical wire . Mr. luck cut and clamp a wire from the conduit onto a large black box with numerous gauge label : seismic detection monitor . he prepare to snip the old wire ~- CUT to : int . a monitoring room - day two federal marshal sit behind a bank of monitor . video monitor show the interior of vault . next to this be seismic detection monitor federal marshal 1 go to the kitchen . coffee ? federal marshal 2 ( turn in he chair ) sure . int . inside the hole in the subway wall mr . luck snip the wire and -- int . monitoring room - day ~~ the seismic detection monitor briefly wobble . Federal marshal 2 see the glitch out of the corner of he eye and whirl around in he chair . 71 . federal marshal 2 whoah , what be that ? federal marshal 1 ( alarmed ) what be what ? the seismic detection monitor appear normal . . federal marshal 2 nothin’ . Federal marshal 1 , satisfied , exit the room . int . wall STREET subway station - platform the ramp be now fully construct . the dumptruck be back down the ramp onto the subway track . each driver get out and climb into the bed of he dumptruck , release the tailgate . they drive skid steer ( compact , powerful , earthmove vehicle ) off the truck . they drive the skid steer down the track . int . subway tunnel ( with simon and targo ) Simon be look down the subway track . down the tunnel -- a flashlight flash on , then off . simon now , Mathias . ( flip open he cellular phone ; dial ) you be time have come , Nigel . inside the drilling hole - mathias targo , seat behind the hydraulic drill , operate lever . the enormous diamond - tipped bit lift up and push forward into a wall of tungsten steel armour plate . CUT to : int . a bank lobby - day a modest , non-descript bank lobby . it 's quiet . Little activity . no customer . three guard be on duty : one behind the front desk ; two by a metal detector in the corridor to the elevator . three businessmen enter the lobby , carry briefcase . they speak with English accent . english businessman 1 ( nigel ) I do not care what the exchange rate be , freddy - the deal should rest on it 's financial merit . o~ 72 . they move toward the front desk . desk guard gentlemen ? ( the businessman turn ) what can I do for you ? english businessman 1 ( freddy ) thank -you . we be wait for a colleague . ext . subway tunnel tarog 's drill whine within the drilling hole . simon turn and nod to six men with silence machine pistol who move into the drilling hole . int . a bank vault bar of gold bullion on pallet be stack floor to ceiling . suddenly the wall vibrate . the floor shake until the whole room be rattling and -- targo's hydraulic drill bit explode through the wall . Red light flare . a siren sound . int . monitoring room the Federal marshal stare , astonished and startle , at the visual monitor as the drill bit break through ! federal marshal 1 Jesus Christ .... Federal marshal 1 stab the emergency button . a alarm clang . Federal marshal 2 speak into a microphone . federal marshal 2 breach in the main vault . I repeat , we have a breach in the main vault . int . bank lobby siren wail in the floor below . the lobby guard react with alarn . the english businessmen pull silence pistol from they coat and shoot the guard . they drag the corpse into the back corridor . one of the businessman , ( nigel ) , strip off he suit jacket and shirt , revealing a federal marshal 's uniform 73. underneath . he walk back to the lobby , scoop up the hat of a dead guard . he put the hat on . the other two businessmen get in the elevator and descend . int . bank - downstair corridor outside the MAIN vault eight heavily armed federal marshal run down the corridor . they assemble around the vault door . int . monitoring room Federal marshal 1 punch a code into a keypad : it be the combination for the vault door . federal marshal 1 ( into a mike ) I be open the door . we hear the monitor room 's door open . the Federal marshal look up and cringe . phhhtt ! phhhitt ! both be shot dead in they chair . _int . bank - outside the MAIN vault tumblers electronically roll and a motor hum . the vault door begin to slowly open . around the vault door , the team of Federal marshal , breathe heavily , brace for a firefight . four disk scuttle across the tile floor . come from behind they . the federal marshal stare at the disk . they explode , spew gas . the marshal 's recoil , then collapse , unconscious . the two english businessmen step toward the vault door . they move inside the vault , come face - to- face with -- '' int . bank - MAIN vault -- they comrade enter from the drill hole . then , supremely , come Simon gruber . he stand there , blue eye flash , stare at -- 34 percent of the world 's gold currency gleam on the pallet , stack to the ceiling . simon gentlemen , I present you with a golden opportunity ... CUT to : 74 . ext . WASHINGTON square park - day the detonator 's timer count down : 6:18,.6:17 , 6:16 ... - mcclane I think you be good at this stuff . zeus shut up . if we pour the three gallon into the five gallon ... mcclane we do that . zeus wait a minute , I be onto something . Zeus quickly grab the five gallon jug . he submerse it . it quickly fill with water . mcclane , anxious , kneel next to hin . mcclane what be you do ? zeus what I be probably do be gettin’ typhus and herpes from this shit . ( he hold up the jug ; it be full ) the five gallon jug , fill to the top . exactly five gallon , right ? mcclane right . zeus give I the three gallon . mcclane hand Zeus the three gallon jug . Zeus pour the five gallon jug into the three gallon jug until the water come to the brim . Zeus hold up the five gallon jug . it 's 2 / 5 ths full . zeus there be five gallon in here but I pour off exactly three galion into that jug , leave I exactly two gallon in the five , correct ? mcclane ( concentrate ) yeah , right .... 75 . zeus okay , watch . zeus empty the three gallon jug into the fountain . he pick up the five gallon jug and pour exactly two gallon into the three gallon jug . during this , pass people have begin to notice . mcclane and Zeus get increasingly strange look . zeus exactly two gallon in the three gallon , right ? how much time ? mcclane look at the timer . mcclane four minute thirty second . zeus shit. okay...okay ... we fill the five back up . ~- ( submerse the five gallon jug ) and then ...uhh ..... Zeus pause . mcclane do the rest of it . zeus : I do not know the rest of it . mcclane what ? it be you who say : " do not say anything unless you know . " I thought you know . ( beat ) ooh . mcclane grab the handle of the three gallon jug ( fill with exactly two gallon ) , try to yank it from Zeus . Zeus hold on . they stand there , each with a handle . they pull back and forth . mcclane let go . I be start over . they both look down at -- the scale digital timer : 4:00 , 3:59 , 3:58 .... zeus we can not start over , mcclane . 76 . they stand there , each pull on a jug handle . and now , out of the corner of he eye , mcclane see -- mcclane 's Pov - by the jungle gym - a 5 year-old boy be next to the samsonite briefcase . he be pick it up by the handle . he smile . laugh . he 's cute . back to scene - mcclane 's eye twitch with terror . mclane oh my god . Zeus follow mcclane 's eye to the jungle gyn . '' mcclane scream at the little boy 's mother : mclane get ... get away from that . cuT to : a pallet of gold bar as the bucket of a skid steer ram into it and we widen to -- int . bank - MAIN vault Simon 's man be scoop up the huge pallet of gold bar . they move the gold like gravel , or rock , with emphasis on speed . bar be clanging on the ground . int . wall STREET subway station - platform skid steer , laden with gold bar , roll up to the dumptruck and empty they load . simon and targo watch from the platforn . Simon look at he watch . CUT to : ext . WASHINGTON square park - day the scale timer read : 00:31 , 00:30 , 00:29 .... mcclane and zeus be still try to wrest the jug from each other . both be furious , insistent : mcclane goddamn it , let go or I 'il kick you ass back to harlem , you ..... mcclane catch himself . a icy pause . zeus go ahead , say it . nigger . 77 . mcclane I be not go to say that . asshole , maybe . ( look at the timer ) twenty second . zeus ( look at the jungle gym , panic ) fuck this . let 's get rid of the bomb . . but mcclane be not listen : mcclane I have get it . I 've got it ! zeus what ? you do ? mcclane hold up the three gallon jug . mcclane exactly two gallon , right ? mcclane set the three gallon jug down . he pull the five gallon jug out of the pond . mcclane and exactly five in here , right ? so if we pour this into that until it come to the top ... mcclane pour the full five gallon jug into the three gallon jug until the water brim at the top . : mcclane we nre leave with exactly four gallon in the five gallon jug ! Zeus look on , thunderstruck . zeus you do it . you do it ! they stand there , triumphant . then they remember -- the digital timer , now read : 00:05 , 00:04 , 00:03 ... mcclane put the five gallon on the scale -- e z mcclane and Zeus sink to they knee , hyperventilate as -- the phone next to the fountain ring . mcclane go to the phone . grab the receiver . 78 . mcclane yeah . we do it . we hear hand clapping over the phone receiver . simon and I think you be stupid , john. ( laugh ) but then thing be never what they seem , be they ? close on mcclane - as he listen to Simon laugh . mcclane can not articulate it yet , but he 's be here before . he have a feel , a hunch . CUT to : int . wall STREET station - platform Simon on the platforn . in the b.g. the dumptruck be fill with gold bullion . each truckbed be top with a layer of dirt to cover the gold , then cover with a tarpaulin . intercut - simon and mcclane mcclane a deal 's a deal , Simon . what school 's the bomb in ? simon answer this and you will know : what be 27 out of 43 ? for the bomb 's disarming code , go to the New York public library and consult card catalogue number hxu -498 . Simon click off he phone . smile . ext . WASHINGTON square park - day mcclane hang : up the phone . he pull out a pen and record the card catalogue number . mcclane what 's twenty - seven out of forty - two ? it 's a riddle . the answer 's where the bomb be . come on . mcclane walk off . zeus twenty - seven out of forty - two ? I have no idea . ( follow mcclane ) where be you go ? 79 . mcclane New York Public Library . the bomb 's disarming code 's in one of the book . " zeus hey . you forget something ? mcclane stop . turn . Zeus be point across the park to the jungle gym , at the samsonite briefcase with the bomb in it . zeus I do not think we should leave that there . ext . fifth avenue - day mcclane and Zeus exit Washington Square Park , mcclane ww : ait . they head north on fifth Avenue . behind they they hear shout . they turn . . down the STREET - two kide , both about 12 or 13 , come tear out of a korean delicatessen a block away . they get on bike and begin pedale down the sidewalk . the proprietor , a irate korean , exit the deli and chase . korean proprietor come back here ! thief ! Little son of bitch ! . the Korean proprietor pull up , panting . he curse and walk back to he store . the kid pedal across the intersection , laugh , laden with steal candy , bag of chip , soda , etc. , head straight for mcclane and Zeus . as they pedal past -- mcclane stick he arm out , collare kid 1 . the bike clatter on the sidewalk . mcclane whoah , where ya go ? kid 1 ( wrestle ) lemme go ! the other kid pedal over to mcclane . mcclane let 's go of kid 1 .. he fall on he can on the sidewalk . he glare up at mcclane . kid 1 you dickhead ! 80 . mcclane watch you mouth . ever hear it 's against the law to steal ? 7 kid 2 not today it be not ! kid 2 look around , man , there 's no cop in the city . two police cruiser race past on fifth Avenue , siren blaring . kid 1 there 's a fire someplace or somethin’ goin 's on . kid 2 it 's Christmas ! today you can steal anything you want ! close on mcclane - the wheel be spin again . he 's be here before and now he come to a decision . ~ mcclane grab kid 2 by the collar and lift he off the bike . he hand Zeus kid 2 's bike . he pick up kid 1 's bike off the sidewalk . then , with the samsonite briefcase in hand , he pedal off down the sidewalk , head south ! mcclane c’mon ! kid 1 ( outrage ) hey ! he 's steal my bike ! Zeus turn to the shocked kid and smile . zeus it 's Christmas . you can steal anything you want . and Zeus pedal off after mcclane , leave -- the kide on the sidewalk , stare slack - jaw . down the sidewalk - zeus pedal up to mcclane . zeus where the hell you go ? mclane Wall Street . 81 . zeus what about the library ? mcclane we will get there . I get a hunch . ( off Zeus 's reaction ) work with I on this . mcclane pedal on down the sidewalk . Zeus , scowling , pedal after he . CUT to : ext . christopher STREET a small street perpendicular to Wall Street . mcclane and Zeus pedal down Christopher Street , stop at the intersection of Christopher and Wall Street . mcclane dismount he bike . the last of simon 's dumptruck be lumber past mcclane and Zeus , move east . Zeus and mcclane take no notice . mcclane look to he right -- mcclane 's Pov - wall STREET ( looking west ) the Wall Street subway station be three block away . the two fake cop ( Simon 's man ) be stand guard . back to scene - mcclane look around . his brow be furrow , he be think a mile a minute , and he turn 180 degree -- mcclane 's Pov = panning 180 degree from wall STREET ( looking west ) to wall STREET ( looking east ) the new york federal reserve build loom up about three block east . a grand , marble - pillare building . back to scene - mcclane 's eye glint and now he think he 's onto something : mcclane ( point at the Federal Reserve ) see that building down there ? zeus yeah . mcclane here . . ( hand Zeus the samsonite briefcase ) go get that two cop . tell ‘em to meet I in the lobby . 82 . zeus mcclane , would you tell I what the £....? " mcclane I do not know ’myself . just do it , Zeus . humor I for five minute . mcclane walk toward the Federal Reserve . Zeus frown , exasperate , and walk toward the subway . CUT to : ext . wall STREET subway station - STREET level - day Zeus pedal up to the station , stop behind the barricade . zeus hey . the two cop turn , see Zeus . they walk over . fake cop 1 yes , sir ? zeus I be tell to come get you guy . the two fake cop look at each other . fake cop 2 I be sorry sir ? zeus a cop want you to meet he in the lobby of that building down there . ( point to the Federal Reserve ) do not ask I . the two cop look at each other again . the tension be mount . fake cop 2 we can not do that , sir . and strangely , they move outside the barricade and walk off down the street . Zeus watch they , perplex . he look around . he notice the ramp lead into the crater . he dismount the bike , set down the samsonite briefcase , and step past the barricade , head toward the crater . 83 . CUT to : int . new york federal reserve - day mcclane enter the lobby . calm , uneventful , no customer . three federal marshal stand guard : one behind the front desk ; two at the metal detector . they be simon 's men who commandeer the building . mcclane step up to the Guard ( Nigel ) behind the desk . he flip open he detective 's shield . mcclane mcclane , n.y.p.d. Nigel exchange a tense glance with the other guard , then smile at mcclane , and say , in a american accent : desk guard ( nigel ) what can I do for you , Lieutenant ? : mcclane anything strange happen - say in the last hour ? desk guard ( nigel ) no . mcclane you be sure ? the other guard apporach . desk guard ( nigel ) ( to the other guard ) you guy see anything funny the last hour ? other guard ( freddy and bert ) -- nope . -- not a thing . mcclane mind if I take a look at the vault ? take two minute . desk guard ( nigel ) be my guest . ( rise , come out from behind desk ) this way . mcclane follow the Guards across the lobby . they move past the metal detector and down the side corridor . 84 . mcclane continue toward the stairwell in front of he . desk guard ( nigel ) Lieutenant ? mcclane stop . he turn . the desk Guard ( Nigel ) be point at the elevator . nigel ( smile ) take the lift . mcclane begin to walk over to the elevator . close on mcclane - something be not kosher here . something Nigel just say . mcclane stop suddenly , turn , and begin look around the corridor and lobby . mcclane hey , fella ? I think I know what 's bother I . as mcclane walk away from the guard , he reach inside he jacket and pull he gun from he shoulder holster . the guard nervously look at each other . they do not want to kill mcclane here but now they 's 1l have to . mcclane in America you never call ....- the guard begin to pull they handgun and level they at mcclane 's back , but -- mcclane spin , diving to the floor , he gun up and fire . in rapid succession mcclane shoot and kill Nigel , freddy and the other fake guard . mcclane get up and step past they corpse . mcclane +- a elevator a " lift . " mcclane get in the elevator and descend . CUT to : int . wall STREET subway station - platform Zeus walk down the ramp onto the subway platform . Simon 's abandon skid steer sit there . Zeus jump onto the track and follow the line of abandon equipment , toward the drilling hole . bag 85 . ext . federal reserve - corridor leading to vault mcclane come down the corridor with extreme vigilance , training he gun leave and right . he pass the monitoring room . the two federal marshal be dead in they chair . mcclane come to the vault . the door be open . the other Federal marshal be unconscious on the ground . mcclane move vigilantly inside -- ext . federal reserve - MAIN vault mcclane enter . he look at the drill hole in the wall . he hear something come through the hole . mcclane do not fuckin’ move ! Zeus , emerge , throw up he hand . zeus it 's I ! mcclane , relieved , lower he gun . Zeus move into the vault . they look around stupify . all the gold be go . mcclane ( stunne ) that motherfuck .... ( beat ) it be all a set-up . zeus what be in here ? mcclane pick up a gold bar at he foot . he hand it to Zeus . Zeus 's eye widen , glint in the reflection of the gleam gold bar . _ mcclane about a hundred and thirty billion dollar of gold bullion . zeus ( nearly choke ) ' scuse I , you say one billion ...? ( mcclane nod ) this whole room ? feel the weight o’ that - it have take a tank to move that much . it no take ... 86 . mcclane ... dump truck . it have take about ten , big , industrial dumptruck . they stare at each other , realize that the last dumptruck be leave when they arrive . zeus it be head east . mcclane move quickly to the vault door , say to Zeus over he shoulder -- mcclane leave it , Zeus . Zeus frown . he drop the gold bar and follow mcclane . the gold bar thud on the floor . cut to : ext . federal reserve - front step mcclane and Zeus run down the step of the bank . mcclane run to a public phone on the corner . punch number . the call connect and we hear : recorded voice ( v.o . ) you have reach the switchboard of the New York Police Department . at this moment , all we line be .... cuT to : int . n.y.p.d. - police dispatch the thirty dispatcher be blue in the face , handle ten time the normal volume . recorded voice ( v.0 . ) ... busy . please wait and you call will be handle .... head dispatcher wanda shepherd be chainsmoke , watch she staff . she scream down the hall . wanda shepherd sergeant , goddamn it , I need more line ! we get a twenty minute wait on some of this call ....! she light another cigarette and -- cut to : 87 . ext . wall STREET - day mcclane anxiously tapping he finger , wait for the phone to connect . * mcclane Christ , be every fuckin’ cop in the city use this line ....? down the STREET - zeus jog along the curb , check park car . he come to a yugo with it 's window half open . he reach inside , unlock the door . _ zeus mcclane ! mcclane slam down the phone and run over to Zeus . they get in , Zeus behind the wheel . zeus Police authority ? mcclane be my guest . you know how to hot - wire ? Zeus pull a plastic folder from he pocket , open it , revealing a small set of electrician 's screwdrivers . zeus ' course I do , I be a electrician . only problem be ... ( he jam a screwdriver in the ignition ; start the car ) ... it take too fuckin’ long . Zeus throw it in a gear . ext . wall STREET - continuous the yugo pull over by the subway blast site . the door open . mcclane 's hand reach out and grab the samsonite briefcase . the yugo sputter off . CUT to : ext . bronx - day bomb squad Chief Charlie Weiss stand outside a public school in the bronx . the entire block be baricade off . a subordinate be briefing hin . subordinate they be halfway do in Brooklyn . we be still behind schedule in Westchester County . 38 . wiess look up as two bomb squad member come down the step of the school , shaking they head at Weiss . Weiss turn to he people . weiss Franklin elementary on courtland Park Avenue . let 's move it , people ! Weiss and he man mobilize for the next school and we -- CUT to : ext . brooklyn bridge ~- entrance ramp the yugo struggle up the ramp to the Brooklyn Bridge and stop . Zeus and mcclane get out . Cars whiz past , honking . Zeus and mcclane look around . from this vantage they can see : 1 ) to the east , the Brooklyn Bridge ; 2 ) to the west , lower Manhattan , Wall Street , the bowery ; and 3 ) .to the north , the f.d.r. Expressway stretch up the East River . zeus 's and mcclane 's Pov - scanning the brooklyn bridge there be no dumptruck on the bridge . back to scene mcclane nothing on the bridge . 2eus mcclane . Zeus be point toward -- zeus 's and mcclane 's Pov - NORTH on the f.d.r. lumber up the f.d.r. , about a mile north , be a line of ten industrial dumptruck . back to scene - mcclane and zeus get in the yugo and roar down the ramp onto the f.d.r. CUT to : ext . columbus circle - 59 th and broadway several police van be park in the rotary island at Columbus Circle . a make-shift n.¥.p.d. Command Central . Chief cobb sit in a open van , chew gum . Joe lambert and ricky walsh be report to hin . 8s . lambert they be almost finish with the bronx . we be worried about Brooklyn but the airport and tri - boro cop cover we ass . walsh the kid have be put in common area : gymnasium and cafeteria . Charlie 's guy be go school by school . so far they have not find shit . lambert any word from mcclane ? cobb nothing . ( hopeful ) do not worry . he will call . CUT to : , int . yugo - traveling with mcclane and zeus . mcclane be pound he fist on the dash . mcclane where 's a goddamn phone ? . zeus carphone 's do not exactly come standard in piece of shit like this . you want I to pull over ? mcclane and lose the truck ? fuck that . up ahead - through the windshield - the dumptruck move slowly in the right lane , about 3 / 4 ths of mile ahead . zeus ( look at he watch ) it 's 1:45 . we get a hour fifteen . what about the library ? we have gotta get that disarming code . mcclane what good 's 1l it do ? we do not know where the bomb js . what 's twenty - seven out of forty - two ? zeus do not look at I . ( think a moment ; it dawns on he ) wait a minute . Clinton 's the forty second president . 90 . they stare at each other , it dawn on then . mcclane president . that 's it . that 's gotta be it . you be a fuckin’ genius . . ( beat ) so who be the twenty - seventh ? zeus I do not know . mcclane you do not ? zeus no . do you ? mcclane no . I get a " D " in history . ( the engine sputter ) this fuckin’ thing 's a go-cart . where the fuck be a phone ? zeus mcclane . Zeus be point out he side window at -- a mercede move in traffic right next to they . at the wheel be a yuppie stockbroker engross in conversation on a cellular phone . mcclane and Zeus exchange a know glance and we -- CUT to : the mercede 's tire squealing away from the f.d.r. Expressway 's breakdown lane . ext . f.d.r. expressway ~- breakdown lane the yuppie stand there , open-mouthed , watch he mercede drive off . the yugo be park behind hin . suddenly the mercede stop . the window roll down . mcclane stick he head out . scream at the yuppie . mcclane hey ! you know who the twenty - seventh president be ? yuppie stockbroker ( nonpluss ) no. the mercede squeal off , fishtail into traffic . 91 . int . mercede 's ~- traveling with mcclane and zeus mcclane be now drive . he grab the cellular phone and punch button . * mcclane this be more like it . at this point they be at about 100th street . the call connect . mcclane listen to a recording : recorded voice ( v.0 . ) you have reach the switchboard of the New York Police Department . at this moment , all we line be .... mcclane ahh fuck , would you clear the goddamn switchboard ....? mcclane punch " redial " and wait . the mercede move under a underpass . ahead , the expressway veer around a several corner . through the windshield - we can no longer see the dumptruck ; they have go around a corner . zeus I can not see an . mcclane do not worry - they be up there . recorded voice ( v.0 . ) you have reach the switchboard of the New York po .... ( suddenly a human voice ) Police dispatch , may I help you . mcclane it 's about fuckin’ time ! this be Lieutenant John mcclane , put I through to Chief cobb . CUT to : ext . columbus circle cobb , on the phone : cobb what ? 92 . intercut - cobb and mcclane mcclane do this sound like a joke ? they be right in front of I , Arthur . . cobb where be you ? mcclane northbound on the f.d.r. about .... ( look at the pass street ) ... seventy - fifth Street . cobb what do you want I to do ? mcclane seal off the bridge and tunnel . cobb John , jesus christ , what about the bomb ? mcclane Arthur , just listen to I .... the line crackle with static , then a dial tone . mcclane ahh fuck I .... mcclane punch " redial " again . the mercede be emerge from the underpass . zeus be look ahead , through the windshield . zeus mcclane . there Pov - through windshield - the f.d.r. ahead - the dumptruck be go . they have vanish . mcclane where have they go ? mcclane and Zeus look around frantically . the dumptruck have seemingly vanish . then : zeus down there ! Zeus point and mcclane look -- there Pov - a single dumptruck be wheeling down a side STREET off the f.d.r. 93 . CUT to : int . n.y¥.p.d. - traffic bureau henry rollins , the n.y.p.d. Captain of traffic Police , be on the phone with Arthur cobb . captain henry rollins Arthur , I do not have the personnel to close a fuckin’ popsickle stand . you take ‘em already . ( he settles ) all right , all right . I can give you a hundred guy . five to ten for every bridge and tunnel . cuut to : ext . columbus circle cobb on the phone with Henry rollins : cobb I love ya , Henry . cobb hang up and dial another number . cobb janie , put I through to the f.b.i . CUT to : ext . f.d.r. expressway - day mcclane and Zeus be panic . mcclane when 's the next exit ? zeus a hundred and tenth . _ mcclane I beg to differ . this thing have airbag ? mcclane slam on the break and throw the wheel . the mercede fishtail into the leave hand lane . zeus yeah . why ? mcclane ? ahh shiiittt ....! mcclane throw the wheel again . the mercede smashes through the guardrail and fly into the southbound lane of the f.d.r. 94 . oncoming car screech , lock up they brake as -- the mercede roar across the three southbound f.d.r. lane , smashes through the far guardrail , and careen wildly onto 86th STREET . mcclane throw the wheel , powerslide into a u-turn . he floor it and speed after the dumptruck . ext . 86th STREET ( approaching fifth avenue ) the mercede close on the dumptruck mcclane and Zeus ~ see from the f.d.r . the mercede overtake the dumptruck , then swerve in front of it , screeching to a stop , block it . the dumptruck stop . mcclane and Zeus get out . mcclane approach the dumptruck , gun draw , holler : mcclane get you hand up and get the fuck out ! the terrify driver throw up he hand . he get out of the cab , quivering . dumptruck driver take it easy ! mcclane , still training the gun on the driver , back up toward the bed of the dumptruck . he climb onto the bumper and look in the truckbed . the truckbed - be empty . mcclane step down from the bed , lowering the gun . he flip open he detective 's shield . mcclane where be you go ? driver ( point ) Central Park - the aquaduct construction . mcclane ( stunne ) the New York City aquaduct ? ( point at the truck ) can you drive one o’ this through it ? driver that 's all I be doin 's the last five year . 95 . mcclane 's brain spark ' with understanding . it 's all clear to he now . he turn to Zeus . mcclane Simon 's use the aquaduct to get off the island . ( turn to the dumptruck driver ) can you follow the aquaduct above ground ? driver straight up the saw mill Parkway . every quarter mile there 's a ventilation grate - can not miss an . mcclane hand Zeus the slip of paper on which he record the card catalogue number . mcclane go to the library and get the book , then follow the aguaduct north . zeus what be you gonna do ? mcclane I be go in the tunnel . zeus you know , you be one sick muthafucker , mcclane . mcclane you know , Zeus , I think you be . beginning to like I . ( to the driver ) let 's go . mcclane and the driver move quickly to the truck . . 2 ues mcclane , goddamn it .... but mcclane be go . Zeus scowl . he run to the mercede . ext . central park - reservoir cuT to : the point at which the aquaduct reach Manhattan . 96 . a line of dumptruck be enter the tunnel ; another line of dumptruck be exite . paaning past the truck entering the tunnel - simon 's dumptruck have fall in line . we see mr. luck and simon 's other driver behind the wheel of they truck . int . simon 's dumptruck simon , in the lead dumptruck , sit with targo , who drive . targo , grim as usual , look at he watch . targo we be behind schedule . simon they know nothing , mathius . and if they do , they 'il do exactly what we want - close the bridge and tunnel . ( smile ) that can be make more difficult ..... Simon , smile , pick up he cellular phone as he ' truck enter the aquaduct tunnel . CUT to : ext . wkroc ( " k - rock " ) SOUND booth a disc jockey , on -air , sit with he foot propped up ( a song be play ) . his phone flash . he pick it up . disc jockey ( the '' flash " ) k - rock , this be the flash . ( beat ; he react , drop he foot to the floor ) you have get to be kid I .... cuT to : int . west village - a greek delicatessen a greek proprietor behind he counter . a customer come charge in .. customer hey theo - I just hear it on the radio . some crazy bastaad 's put a bomb in one of the school ! a lady customer hear this , alarmed . a lady customer what ? 97 . ext . central park two guy be jogging , one listen to a walkman . the guy with the walkman stop . rip off he headphone . * jogger 1 Jesus Christ , there 's a bomb in one of the school in New York . cuT to : ext . new york public library ~ day the mercede pull up to the curb , double -park . zeus get out and run up the step . CUT to : ext . central park - aquaduct construction site the dumptruck with mcclane and the driver roll up to the aquaduct tunnel open . int . dumptruck - mcclane and driver mcclane what 's you name ? dumptruck driver ( jerry park ) Jerry Parks . mcclane Nice to meetcha , Jerry . they begin to enter the tunnel entrance . mcclane you know anything about history , Jerry ? jerry park yeah , some . : mcclane who be the twenty - seventh president ? Jerry Parks give mcclane a funny look . jerry park Howard taft . mcclane you sure ? 98 . jerry park yeah - after serve two term in the Senate and one term as vice President . interesting man . do you know he be ambassador to Sweden ? . mcclane . give Jerry Parks a funny look . mcclane no I do not , Jerry . int . new york CITY aquaduct Jerry Parks 's dumptruck rumble into the aquaduct and pull into -- the pumping station excavation site - here , a enormous subterranean room be be dig for the aquaduct 's pump station . backhoe be fill the dumptruck with excavate dirt and rubble . at one end of the pumping station - we see the actual . aquaduct tunnel open - a 32 foot diameter tube . ~ Jerry Parks pull up next to the backhoe operator . mcclane hey , you see any dumptruck pull into the tunnel ? backhoe operator ( cupping hand to ear ) what ? mcclane ( yell ) did any truck pull into the tunnel ? backhoe operator huh ? mcclane turn to Jerry Parks . mcclane how far do the tunnel go ? jerry park catskill mountain . but we have already bring the water down to northern Westchester . there 's a retain wall up there . mcclane you get a car ? 99 . jerry park right outside . mcclane this be what I want you to do . drive to Columbus Circle and find a man name Arthur cobb . tell he John mcclane send you . tell he the bomb be in taft Public School . and tell he where I go . jerry park where you go ? mcclane I be gonna need the dumptruck , Jerry . Jerry Parks gulp and -- CUT to : ext . new york public library Zeus run down the step with a library book under-his arm . he get in the mercede . int . mercede Zeus settles in behind the wheel . look at the book . it be entitle : simple solution to complex problem by physicist Richard eichman . Zeus stare at it . he flip through it . shake it to see if anything fall out . start the ignition and roar off . CUT to : int . the new york CITY aquaduct a circular tunnel , 32 foot in diameter . simon 's truck roll through the tunnel at 40 m.p.h . one of the truck stop . the nine other truck continue up the aquaduct . ext . upper west side - amsterdam parking garage crowd of people be pack around the garage , demand to get they car . the arab parking attendant be freaking out . arab parking attendant only get one at time ! one at time ! 100 . ext . bronx avenue bridge the bridge from Manhattan to the bronx . the entrance to the bridge be start to fill . Cars be try to evacuate the city and everyone have head for the bridge and tunnel . Zeus 's mercede , fly through traffic , cut off car , swerve onto the bridge as behind he -- the block around the bridge become hopelessly bottleneck . the traffic cop arrive to block off the bridge can not reach the bridge . CUT to : int . new york CITY aquaduct mcclane , in Jerry Parks 's dumptruck , rumble up the tunnel . int . jerry park 's dumptruck mcclane 's look through the windshield . he come around a corner . up ahead - through the windshield - we see the tail light of a dumptruck sit in the tunnel , the truck from Simon 's convoy which stay behind . mcclane stop . he think a moment . in the seat next to he be Jerry Parks 's hardhat . he pick up the hardhat , think . int . the dumptruck ahead two of Simon 's man , nils and klaus , watch nervously through the side rear-view mirror as -- a man approach . klaus pull a handgun from he jacket . nils no . not yet . in the side rear view mirror - the man draw closer and now he speak : mcclane hey there ! mcclane appear in the window of the truck cab . ( next to nil ) the tunnel be dark ; mcclane 's face be obscure by the hardhat . 101 . mcclane micky o’ brien , fella , treasurer , teamster Union local 317 . I be up for reelection and I think I have come down here to press the flesh ! nil : and klaus say nothing . a tense pause . nils look closely at mcclane , recognize he as -- klaus bring up he handgun , leveling it at mcclane . mcclane reach in the window , grab nil by the collar , yanking he head and torso forward in the seat - as -- klaus fire - the bullet hit nils in the head and mcclane bring he handgun up , shoot klaus . klaus fall forward against the dash , dead . mcclane open the cab door . nil 's corpse fall on the pavement . int . dumptruck - mcclane slide across the seat , open the door , shove klaus 's corpse to the pavement . mcclane key the ignition , engage the gear , and start up the tunnel . - CUT to : int . aquaduct tunnel ~- three mile ahead Simon 's dumptruck be rumbling across two steel ramp bridge a trench CUT in the concrete floor ; electrical cable be be lay across the aquaduct floor . int . simon 's truck ( the lead truck ) targo be drive . the c.b. radio beeps . Simon pick up the receiver . simon you can come along now , nils. ( pause ) nil . mcclane ( v.0 . ) nil be dead , fuckhead . targo , alarmed , turn to simon . close on simon - he jaw twitchs . his eye glint . intercut - mcclane and simon 102 . mcclane so be three more of the eurotrash all - Star team - you boy at the bank nearly get I . simon ( compose himself ) the truck you be drive contain thirteen billion dollar in gold bullion . l let 's not be rash , John . would a deal be out of the question ? mcclane sure . how ' bout you get out and bend over and I all drive my truck up you asshole . simon such a way with word . mcclane yippie-kye - ay motherfucker . mcclane click off he c.b. , ending intercut . int . simon 's truck simon click off he c.b. targo be glaring at he . targo fool . I tell you not to underestimate this man . simon do not underestimate I , Mathias . they drive . on in silence , the tension palpable . ext . . aquaduct tunnel the last of simon 's truck rumble across the steel ramp bridge the electrical conduit trench ; this last truck shake one of the ramp loose . the ramp fall into the conduit trench . cuT to : ext . aquaduct tunnel - further NORTH here the aquaduct be seal with a concrete retaining wall support with steel girder . Beyond the retain wall be a wall of water . Simon 's convoy pull up in front of the retain wall . 103 . to the leave be a construction . vehicle exit ramp , lead up to ground level . Simon and targo get out of they truck . targo he ’1ll be here in minute . what be we go to do ? Simon think a moment . he look at -- the retaining wall hold back the water from the rest of the aquaduct . simon blow the wall . ext . bronx - saw mill river parkway Zeus 's mercede be drive up the saw mill Parkway he pull off the road and look at -- a orange shed house on the side of the parkway , build over the ventilation grate to protect the public . it be mark : danger : construction below . Zeus pull back on the parkway , follow the aquaduct . cuT to : int . aquaduct tunnel - by the retaining wall the dump truck be exite the tunnel up the construction vehicle exit ramp . mr . luck and targo finish rigging the retain wall with a package of C - 4 . they get in the last remain truck in the tunnel and pull up the exit ramp . - ext . northern bronx - aquaduct exit targo 's dumptruck come up a ramp to street level , join the other dumptruck . targo nod to Simon , who remove a transmittor detonator from he pocket ; he press the button and -- ext . aquaduct - by the retaining wall -- the plastique explode , blow the retain wall , release the water into the rest of the aquaduct . ext . northern bronx - aquaduct exit Simon turn to targo . 104 . simon I will not underestimate he this time , Mathias . make sure he 's dead . Simon get in he truck ; the convoy of dumptruck pull out - onto the saw mill , '' head north . targo motion to Mr. luck and another man . they walk to the southbound lane of the saw mill River Parkway . targo walk right into the middle of the Parkway . a oncoming b.m.w. lock up it 's brake , fishtail to a stop ten foot from targo . the driver get out . b.m.w. driver be you outta you fuckin ...? the b.m.w . Driver suddenly back up , terrify . targo step past he , a machinegun train at he head . Mr. luck get behind the wheel , the other man next to he . targo get in the back with the machinegun . the b.m.w. sprint off . ext . manhattan - columbus circle truckdriver Jerry Parks stand in front of Arthur cobb , who 's talk excitedly on the phone . cobb that 's right , Charlie . taft Public , 135th and Columbus . ( click off the phone ; say to Jerry Parks ) thanks . ( scream to lambert , . walsh and other ) let 's go , fella ! ( punch number ) janie , get I the Westchester State Police . CUT to : ext . aquaduct tunnel mcclane 's truck be park in front of the cable trench in the concrete floor . mcclane pick up the ramp that fall into the trench . he stop . he hear a whooshing SOUND . perplex , he look around . he put down the ramp and walk several pace ahead . the whoooshing get louder . 2105 . ahead - the tunnel bend around a curve . mcclane walk around the bend . he stop in he track . the overhead light stretch down the tunnel begin to blink out . close on mcclane - he eye widen at the sight of -- a 32 foot high wall of water roooaaarring through the tunnel , come straight at he . mcclane turn and race back to he dumptruck . the wall of water be gain quickly . he get in the cab . int . mcclanea dumptruck mcclane frantically engage the gear . he perform the quick five point turnaround in the history of drive . he floors the dumptruck , gun it down the . tunnel the other direction . the speedometer read : 20 m.p.h , 25 , 30 . the truck can not outrace the water . ext . aquaduct the wall of water catch the dumptruck . the force of the water be awesome . it pick the truck up and carry it , in effect " surfing " the dump truck ahead of the wall of water . int . mcclanea dumptruck mcclane look around , frenzied . he climb out of the cab through the window . ext . mcclanea dumptruck - roof and side the wall of water be behind the truck , push it through the tunnel , roaring all around mcclane . mcclane climb onto the roof of the cab . he turn and look down the tunnel . ahead - sunlight be emit from one of the ventilation grates in the tunnel 's ceiling . as the dumptruck pass under the grate -- mcclane grab the bar of the grate , release from the roof of the dumptruck . his shoulder dislocate . mcclane scream in agony . but hold on . 106 . the wall of water roar past he , carry the dumptruck down the tunnel . mcclane cling to the bar of the grate . he fight the rush water . through sheer will , he move hand over hand , bar by bar , to the ventilation grate latch . he unlatch it and crawl out . ext . northern bronx - above the tunnel the force of the water send a ten foot geyser spout up from the ventilation open . mcclane crawl out next to one of the orange shed mark danger , shudder with pain , the water shower down on he . his shoulder hang weakly at he side . the ground around he be rake by automatic FIRE . mcclane dive behind the orange shed ; he be pin down and can not move ; he draw he gun and return fire at -- -- targo and mr. luck , in the commandeer b.m.w , on a bridge overpass a hundred yard away . suddenly the mercede roar up next to mcclane , slinging gravel , lurching to a stop next to mcclane . the door be throw open . zeus get in ! mcclane dive inside the car . Zeus floor it . they roar off as automatic fire blows out the back windshield . ext . the bridge overpass - mr. luck and targo cursing , get in the b.m.w . it speed down the entrance ramp to the saw mill Parkway . int . mercede - traveling up sawmill Zeus and mcclane . mcclane be wet , grimace . mcclane how ’da you find I ? zeus look for sign of destruction . you look like shit . ( hand mcclane the book ) here . mcclane stare at the book : " simple solution to 107 . complex problem , '' by Richard vichman . mcclane what the fuck do this mean ? zzus do not ask I . nlook through windshield ) ahh shit .... there Pov - through windshield - the parkway ahead the r.m.w. , head south on the sew mill , voer ecross tha median , head straight for they ! gun rlaze from tha r.m.w. , blow in the mercede front windshield . meclane and Zeus duck , come up spitting glass . ext . saw mlll parkway the b.m.w. slide intn traffie in a 180 degree turn , narrowly miss oncoming car , aud come after tha mercede . targo , in the back scat , luaus out the - window , blast away -- int . mercede the back windshield blow out . meclane lean out the window , return fire . a bullet clip mcclane ' 's shoulder . meclane recoil inside the var , bleed from the wound . Zeus look at meclane , soar shilless . mcclane wa ea not ontran ‘em . go in there ! Zeus throwo the wheel . whe mercede fly off the Parkway into -- a mcdorald 's drivecthru . ext . mcdowald ’d - parking lot tle mesuede blast across the parking lot and entera the drivb - teru lane , disappear around a corner . the b.m.w. , lul ou lt 's tail , enter the crive- tnru Jane and alec disappearo . in toe drive - thru lane - the b.m.w. pull around the cornar and pulle up behind the mozuvde , park by the food order window . int . b.m.w. fargo , Mr. luck and the other man snap new clip in ee sm se hee ee he ee ce ue 108 . they weapon and unload a_vigious , extend tusilad juin the back ef the heresgoe , riddling it , blow out every piece of glan . they atop fire . a voice emanate above . mcclane ( v.c. } hey fella . targo , Mr. luck and the other man turn , they eye widen at -- mcclane , inside the food omicr window , jean out , he gun levele et Mr. luck , mcclane want seme lead with you coffee ? mcclane 's gun erupt . he shoot Mr. luck and the other man , kill they instantly . pargo come up fire , blow out the glass of the food ardar vindew as o- mcclane divee to the fleer . in the b.y. , the mcdonald's employees ecranw in terror , hugging the flouz . targo climb behind the wheel of the 5.m.w. , hop the enrb and roar off ae -- mcclane jumpe through the foed order window into tle driveechru lane , empty he gun on the fleme b.m.w . meciane gree to the mercede and epen the door . Zeus be on the flour of the passenger side , cring . mcclane get behind the wheel . lviloor it . ext . saw mill parkway the two vehielan roar inte the northbound lane of the parkway . but now mcclane iv chase targo ! int. mercede mcclane 2 '' gonna kill you , you sun-ot - a.... beat . ) ry the way , the tventy - seventh president ? it 's taft . seus ( startle ) wheat ? eee ee cee wee ee ~ 109 . mcclane the bomh / a in taft grade School . you know it ? . zpb yeah I know it . ( meclane look at he ) it 's my son 's school , mcclane . meclane and fauna atare at each cther . bxt. saw mill parkway - toll booth the b.m.w. movan through the toll booth . inetoad of throw change in the coin catcher , targo throw a ioan of plastique explosive and roar through the toll booth . int . mercede meclane and Zeus be approach the toll booth . meclane 's stare through the windshield . mclane 's Pov - thr toll booth - le see targo teso the plastiqua in the coin catcher . back to scene mcclane you ana that ? we just rig the toll with C - 4 . ( beat ) you ever jump out of a move vehicle ? mcclane grab the library book and the samsonite briefcase . . zeus bo , but I have a feel ... int . b.m.w. = travelling fargo watch the mercede approach though tell booth . he press a detonator in he hand . : smash CUT to : ext . the toll booth bloewe eky high eud -- 120 . smash CUT to : ext . pavement in front of the toll booth mcclane and Zeus roll away from the toll boeth on the pavement , cover up ao -- piece of the mercede and toit . rooth rain down around tham , clatter on the pavement . cur tos tht . r.m.w. '' travelling targo unok at the burn car and toll booth in he rear-view mirror . ha amilo for the first time . cur to : wheel squealing away from the toll booth and widen to - ext . saw mill river parkway - tott.roott a lady atande on the aide of the read , watch she station wagon roak up the parkway . int . station wagon meclane and Zeus in the etation wagon , teus drive . meclane 's near the end of hin atrength : he right shoulder 's be divlocate ; he leave shoulder 's gunshot ; he face be ant and bruise . tnrough the windshield - in the road ahead ~- we see targo 's b.m.w . mcclane no way he think wo anrvive that . fle will lead we sight to simon . Bus yuck simon . ( he brake , begin to pull ovar ) tm go back . mcclane .eavh he leg over , stomp on the accelereLlor . ; eus my son be in that school mcclane . not car be swerving all over the highway . mccland ( fast and urgant . ) listen to I : the bumb 'w yuuna blow in tiftaan minute - we 'ze a half we cee eee lll . mcclane ( cont no ) hour ont of town and the bridge aze close . we have gotta get the disarming code ... seus he give US tre disarming codr . mcclane ( hold up the book ) be give we shit . ( glare at Zeus ) Zeus , wa 'va gntta make gimon tell we whet this thing = he 's gotta give ua the code - it 's we only chance . Tho two man stare at each othez . Zeun takan a deep breath . he floor the accelerator . cur to : ryt . - tapt crade school - harlsm and firetruoke turn the corner . thay barrel up , stop in tront of the school . the araa ia barricade off . cobb , lambert and walsh stand outside the school . Charlie weise of the bomb squad approach cubb . weiss we already check this one , Arthur . ara you sure ? cobb yeah . weiss I have get fifty guy in there . it it 's here we 'o ) find it . pvaryone turn and look at the school and -- cur to : int . port chester new york - industrial wharf a bleak wharf service ea scrap metal facility . a hulk , rate , 400 foot cargo ship sit at the dock . simon otande watch es -- the dumptruck be push one by one into the tooth of & metal scrapper , the large madc . ( the first truck , mo ee eer 212. driverlean , io push by the second in line , the second by the third , ste . ) the tretr of th Zz ehe ' 8 cab , bed , engine and i spitting it out in shred bit inte the hold o1 the carge ship . CUT to : ext . port chestpr - a knoll above the whare meclane and Zous be en a knoll , luvk down through tree at he wrarf , a quarter mile below . in the b.g. the tion wagen 's park on the side of lhe saw mill . there Pov - below , in tip wharfus parking lot - the b.m.w. pull in . targo yet out and walk through the parking int toward the cargo chip . back to scene mcclane pull out he handgun and insert a new elip . he pulle up he pantleg , expose ean ankle holster . he unstrap the holster and hand it to Zeus . : mcclane here . zr we look , meclane ... i... shit , I do not know if I be up to this . muclane ( stare he in the eye ) vea you be . 2 wuu celuetantly take though ankle hulster . meclane pick up the semsonite briefcase they have be carry since washinglon Square Park and trudge down to the wharf . Zeus follow mcclane and wa . -- cor to : int . ' tapt crade sciool - sasement - kitchen cubb , Charlie weiw , and Joe lambert be stare nervously inside the eeheele huce walk in reprigerator ~ 2800 pound of flastique explosive , in a crate marxed grade AAA milk , sit amidst cther food product . insert - tre bomd 's detonation system - a digital timek be tick down , 15:23 , 15:32 , 15:21 ..... next to the timer be ea SMALL computer keyboard and sckeen . the rcrern read : . I 1. cee woe i ee ee ee be hot we ee cere Le 113 . disarming codf : ~ back to scene i walse the principal say it vas deliver thiw morning . cos 1 can you do anything , Charlie ? weiss in ten minute ? tov sophisticated . T eanid try , but thero ’o a fifty pareent chance 1 no detonate it .. Arthur , there ie another solution . cous what ? weiss evacuation . cobb . Simon say if he see one kid leave he will blow it manually . . C | ungert 7 bow do wa know he 's still watch ? ccosb Dow do yon know he 's not ? ( they stare at cach other . cebb sigha ) | prepare a evecuatiun . if mcclane | do not call with the code in ten minute . we evacuata tha anhan ) . everyone stare grimly at . the bomb . CUT tos int . taft grade school - upstair - auditorium the kid be group in the auditorius . a teacher be lead they in song . thay be sing '' row , row , row you boat . " in the back row - feus carver 's sun , dexter and raymond , ara seat with three friend , watch -- - outeide the auditorium - cop , piremen , and domb squad personnel come end go . dexter whisper to raymond : tr cere erro 11a . dexter what 's goin 's on ? friend 1 some kinda serious shit . raymond well I be not stayin’ hore . exter , Raymond , and three other kide sneak off through the aisia and head teward the back of the auditorium . cur to : int . wharf - day the fifth dumptruck in line be be shaw up by the matal scrapper . Simon 's mon be busy operate the escrappar , pnah the truck inte the corappez , ste . Simon etande on the wharf , watch . a gold rar land , thud at he foot . Simon lneka at the gold bar . his jaw muscle tighten . Hu slowly turn , face -- JOHN mcclane who walk quickly up to Simon , he gun trainad on sime 's head . '' ' '' - Simon Mathias ... by tmz truck and scraper - tango and the other men lnok over , they face twiot in shock . they go for they quna but -- mcclane pute hie gun to simo noe heed . De not do that . targo and the othar man freeze . Simon be charactoristieally ica cold . simon nello , John . where be you friand ? mcclane deed . tull se lue ulsarming simon T ean not do that jehn . ewe eee see ote be ee wey see fe . + eee bee pe eee cere . 115 . mcclane : ( look at he watch ) -~ I do not care abdut the gold . tell . mar the fuck disarming code . simon | : that be not the deal . | mcclane cock tha gun . mcclane ' I 'il count to three and than 1/11 blow you fuck head all ove : lhiv wharf . one ... ( Simon smile ) eee simon ( emiloo broad ) I qava you the disarming coda . mcclane bullshit . tell I the fucking code , simon . simon I believe the next number be a three .... siman , to meclane 's surprise , be not go to do it . meclane 's hand shake with rage . the tension be unhaarable . | mcclane goddamn you .... anne ( 2.0 ) stopi everyone whir ) 's arcund as o- i zeus coman frem behind the last dumptruok , hand raise . : 2 Bus kill mar inetead . just give we code . | meclane 'o heart cinke . . targo move to Zeus , collare he from behind . meclane shout at Zeus . mclane you fuckin’ idiot .... 2teus he be not . go to tell you , mcclane . 116 . zeus ( cont no ) {to Simon ) I get the bonk . '' {tlipsa the page ) whare be it ? simon T be touch . you care a great deal ahout you ehildzsen . ( beat ) if I give you the code , how will you communicate it to the echeol ? ahh , I know . one of tha truck radio . Mathias , we will need the police band , . Simon and targn exchange a look . targo reach ineide the third truck . ( thare be now only four truck remain ) tarco adjust the band on the c.b. Zeus and mcclane look on in horror a targo click on the_radic , ecnding a _sicnal .... : zeus noonnh ) 2eus grab fer the radiv but -- . targe pietol whip he the the ground . targo Chief of Police cobb , please . this ie John mcclane .... mcclane turna to siwnn , confuse . mccland you say the police hand would detonate the borh . stmon I lie . mcct.ane you son-of -a ... mcclane shove Simon roughly over to the truck . targo , hold feue at qunpeint , back ewsy . mcclane take the radio . int . taft public scnool - auditorium all uf lhw kid be linea up by tha anditorium exit . X teacher be go down the line , take a head count . codd and hie wen be outside in the hallway , watch . 117 . a patrolman coman up to cobb with a portable ¢-h. radio . patrolhan Chief , T have get a-call far you . everyone staran at the e.b. , shocked . walse Christ , what . be you do ....? patrolman it 's detactive meclane . cobb take the ranciver . cobb John ? what the hell ie go on ? intercut - cobb in school / mcclame at whaky mcclane shut up and listen . ( to Simon ) what be it ? Simon just staran hark . arus Simon . my son be in that school .. simon you shonld not have meddle . mcclane tell I the fucking code , simon . stmon you have it . J give you the book . meclane jook at the book in seua 's hand . mcclane the rook voesn ’t mean seit . sthou oh yes it do . aint . school - by thr auditorium cobb , hearing the above on the phone , panic . cobb puck ' im , John , we ’ra gonna evacuate . tha tracrer come up to cobb . crom . wsnse se er use prune no , + cee 33d osh we . oe 2 s25 we they hee 118 . , miss . - int . school - stairwell dexter , raymond , and the three other kide come down the stair . they sit down . dexter let 's wait it out hare . int . schoo ! - by the auditorium cobb gulp and say into the phone : cobb John , Zeus 'a kid take off . ext . wharf ; Zeus hear this over the c.b. receiver . zeus oh christ , dexter ..... int . school - by the auditorium weiss turn to cobh . weiss Arthur , I be gonna go for it . Weiss run off to the basement . ext . wharf Zeus look at . he watch : 2:57 . Three minute tuo go . zeus oh God ... 's ( he voice crack ) please . Simon , please . Simon just staren at hin . mcclane you can not do this . you can not just let they die . int . school - by the auditoriun cobb look at the kid . he turn to walsh and lambert . cobb ~ get ‘em out of here . walsh and lambert go to the line of kide . they be nervous . seme be cry . they do not know what 's happen , they juet know it 's bad . walsh just like a fira drill , only a little faster , okay ? when 1 say gn , run straight down the corridor aud outside . go . the kide rune ant of the auditorium . cobb ( inte phone ) John , we be get the hell ont of here . ext . wharf Zeus , hearing this . yella int the seceivor , the tension be new at '' white hot pitch . 2 zuuss De not ! find my son ! : . int . school - sasement weiss settles down next . to the bomb . lic pull '' wirf . cupter from hiv puuket . weiss okay , charlis , you only qo around once in life .... he begin to lect a wire . sweat ia at .rmame down he faco , fall in a puddle atl he foot . thr timer read : 2:59:48 , 2:59:49 , 2:59:950 .... there be ten second leave . Weiss bend to get a clornar lnnk .... ext . wharp Zeus io leok at he watch , scream .... zeus do not do this to ms .... ext . school - front cuurtyard the evacuate kide be run out of the echeol . int . school - stairwell dexter , Raymond , and the utlw lice kid be oblivious , play card . rom p1meeici ios mo te. | 1 SE cos ee eee eee y 120 . int . school - basement Weiss be go to anip the wire but mis shoe wlpp on the puddle of sweat -- . he lurchr forward , lose he balanve , and staus the huge pack of plastique buneath the timer -- Weiss dive away . nething heppens . Weiss slowly look up at -- the package of plastiqnr - a stream of sand pour . out of the hole onto the floor . weir woll whatdayuh know ....+ weiss gata up and runa out of the basement . uxt . wharf reve be new hysterical , disconsolate ...- mcclane be stare malevolantly at Simon . mcclane you sick fuck piece of ..-- yhen , over the e.b. receiver : cobb ( v.0 . ) John , it 's a fake . mcclane froosa . seus freeze . mcclane what ? cobb ( v.0 . it 's not a bomb . it 's fuck gand - and suddenly targe and simuu 's sen be approach meulane , surround he , they gun draw . heclane still hee he gun to simcn 's heed . Simon leek innecently et meclane . sthor De you think i '' a monster ? and Simon jangh . hideously . and tazyo laugh . and the other man . they stand this leugh in mcclane 's face . simon yeu might be wondeze where the real bomb be . Simon pointa to -- om i rom@cia to mame be . + eee err 122. the cargo ship - a duge crate site thusw , ol which be print : jonnson and epward CO . C -' high density plastique neclane 's and % aua‘e eye widen . simon put the gun down , John . ( meclane do not mova ) put it down and Zeus qow free . tt have no interest in he . only yous Zeus and meclane lock be un ; toss it on the ground . yurn meclane slowly jewara the 9 ! simon pivky up mcclane 's gun . to targe . simon take he vul and let he go - tarao shovan Zeus forward . simon wait. and Zeus stop ) the book . give it . to he . Zeus hand mcclane the book . they lonk at each other again . fargo shove feus ; they move off accuse the whart . simon John , you handcuffs , please . 's bandcutt clip . re meclan ramove the handcutf - ip with the sime motion gun . move up the qangplank . mcclane all day I bean sacking ? hew do you t! tena of gold get ea cut of the uuile States undetected ? Te be so obvious . eve to the vzete of cn-4 - stmon correct . you doa not . clip onc to you wrist , please . they seve mcct .anp lock onw of the cuff to hic wrist . fle look down at ~~ truck move into the scrapper . the eceond tee line of vom ; desig oe 122. to last truck im almost entirely chew , and the firat trnek be move toward the scrapper - simon the other to that pole . meclane jonk the other handenff to the steel raising of the gunwale , right next to the bomb . mcclane so you take out as much as you can carry and send the reeset to the hettom of lha Atlantic . : sithon increase the value of what we take ten-fold , and throw every western market inte chann . ( onile ) I be a terrorist , after all . give I the kay please . meclane tos : Simon the handeufé key . - Simon pocket the key . then he move to the crate of C - 4 , where we soe -~ insert - a digitally time detoratur identical to that . on the fake bomb in the school . back to scene - simon speak to meclane while he adjust tha datonater . simon I admit you surprised I . you be atill a asrogent , unpleasant man . yon asanm the book vas worthlcso . that in hacause you vere too stupid to figure it eut . it contain the disarming codo . tha same code you will ase . ( beat ) we have one more game to play . the ohip leave under eutumalic pilot . oqnee at sea I will give you ... let I test this first ... insert - simon 's hand click the timer to $ 300 . it begin count down : 4:59 , 4:88 , 4257 ...- cur tos ext . wharp - parking lot targo lcado beus through the pesk 10 % . targo stop . " oc te. : 212 SI com mar.22 3034 10:scam mcs ; dessi oe moc he. + 212 ss com mar. as bee ee 123. targo 3 ) look at he hervously . targo Zeus stop . kneel . Zeus kneel . targo I be sorry about thie . ext . cargo sh1p - deck — *e yet finish with the detonator . not downs 4:28 , Simon haen insert - tol detonator continue to cou ! 4227 , 6226 ..--- : ~ mcclane ' yell I one thing : this have nothing the do with you brother , do it ? simon nsaile ) I never like my brother . Simon chuckle . then laugh out loud . and maciane atarte janghing tan . Simon laugh louder . meclane laugh louder . both man be just busting a gut . then : mcclane bah bah you vant to hear eomethe really funny hah hah ? ston ' hab mah yeah hah wah . mcclane that bomb from Washington Square park 'a in the bed of that dumptruck . ».. Simon 's face freese - rt ewiste and distort with shock and surprise and he whirl around to see -~ inte the metal sorapper - que last dumptruck be pull ting atop the tarpaulin 2 the cab be already chew . res 's inon scream down to he man . --- trom : elsie et mc ne. } sic sie com mar . 20 1204 0:52 be '' Ze 124 . simon stop .... 1 - and the detonster consinuse tv count down : 4:01 , 4:00 , 3159 ... CUT ‘ro : ext . whar Zeus be knerl before targo. zeus ( tremble ) Simon say to lat uw go . Zena 's hand inch toward he ankle . he pull he pantiag up , expose hcclanc 's ankle holster .... targo he lie . he always do . targe raise lis gun to the back of Zeus 's head . Zeus tremble . ext . wharf the dumptruck ( and samsonite briefcase ) pulia into the tooth of though motal scrapper and blows shy high , devastating the anrappor and truck , and kill all of Simon 's meu as -- 2Xr. cargo ship - dock Simon be kneek to the greund by the force of expiosion , he gun seuttling the the dack fluor . meclane reach far the gun , he hand look to the railing . tt 's inch away . mcclane atraaaiin with all he might . he can not reach it ! : ext . wharf - parking lot vtargo whirla armund , surprised by though oxplosion . 2 eus 's hawn flash up with the ankle-holster gun . be shoot targqo in the forehead . fargo fallo to the ground , deed . Zeus rise , lenke at targo 's corpse aud shudder . Zeus run back to the whart . ext . cargo ship Simon get to he feat . and scramble for the gun . meclane , lock to the yunwale , trip he . : hensleigh house phone no. : 212 s35 6894 mar. 32 1994 1::a@ be fes 125 . Simon get back up . meclane , with one shoulder dislocate and ancther gunshot , with one hand lock to the railing , fight a one - armed fistfight with Simon . gimon beat the live shit out of meclane , who try gamely to fight back . left . rights . meclane 's blood epray the deck . Simon go for the gun . graba it . with he last energy . meclane lean back against the gunwale and lift he leg , coral Simon by the neck . he squceze . Simon twist in mcclane ' 's grip . he choke . his naeck hulge . meclane twist he leg violently . Simon 's neck snap . simon freeze . ried trieklan from he mouth . he look at mcclane and die . Simon fall backward over the gunwale into the cea . zeus come run up the gangplank . re run up to mcclane . mcclane the timer . Zeus look at the timer . the timer on the plastique be count down : 1300 , 00:59 , 00:58 .....- mcclane get outta here . seus shut up , mcclane . Zeus grab the library book ( it 's be sit there the whole time ) | 2e0s we be gonna figure this out . sweat be stream meclane 's face . they be try to remain calm . they be fail . meclane be face death and Zeus know it . zeus 's frantically flipping through the book . mcclane e eon amo tf they ) cmeleis ( oue moc me. : 2:2 sie cow mar - 20 2294 25 : 126 . teus shiiit . all you aaid be you be yoing to kick my ass back to karlen. ( laugh ) like you ever could . ( beat ) I have hear a lot worwe . the timpr : 00:31 , 00230 , cos29eeeee - mcclane you ever gonna tell I why you do not like white poeple ? sz we no. ( beat ) but os white people go , you be all right , meclane . they look at each othor . zeua toss the book down . 2506 there 'a nothing in thie fuck thing . mcclanr ( sweat bull now ) get out of here , 2eur . mclane look at the binding of thr book . he ewe lhe ecard catalogue number on the bind . mcclane ( onder he breath as it dawns on hin ) simple selution to complex problem . it 's the card catalague number . Zeus grab the book . 250s buly shit . thr timer - 00:5 , 00:4 , 00:3 .... Zena gete up . holding the book , he punch in : axrouéa9 the timer stop . meclane and Zeus collapse ayainst the crate of C - 4. in the background , police siren wail and we -- — crane op amd away from Zoue and mcclane , and suddenly they be laughing softly , both exhaust . mcclane , you mean what you say ? zeus what ? mcclane aa white people qo , I be all right . 20s do I way that ? mcct.ane . fuck yeah . I have bad a shitty year , I co use a new friend ...- aus abh ehriat . what have I do now ... mcclane you want to get a beer ? 2zus what the tuck . heclane , I ' ] ] gat a . beer with you . state police vehicle roar into the foundry . continue to crane up ..... pre ) oe noc me. : iz sis com mar. 32 2724 1. : 00 be 127 .