" die hard " screenplay by jeb Stuart revision by Steven E. desouza base on the novel nothing last forever by roderick thorp with revision # 1 ( Blue ) with revision # 5 ( goldenrod ) November 2 , 1987 November 5 , 1987 with revision # 2 ( pink ) with revision # 6 ( salmon ) November 4 , 1987 November 17 , 1987 with revision # 3 ( Green ) with revision # 7 ( Blue ) November 4 , 1987 November 23 , 1987 with revision # 4 ( yellow ) with revision # 8 ( pink ) November 5 , 1987 November 30 , 1987 second revised draft October 2 , 1987 a Gordon company / Silver picture production ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ " die hard " fade in 1 405 freeway - los angele - early evening 1 Christmas tinsel on the light pole . we be looking east past inglewood into the orange grid of L.A. at night when suddenly we tilt up to catch the huge belly of a landing 747 -- the noise be deafen . 2 int . 747 - passengers - same 2 the usual moment just after landing when you let out that sigh of relief that you have make it in one piece . as the plane taxis to its gate , they stir , gather personal belonging . 3 on JOHN mcclane 3 mid-thirty , good-look , athletic and tired from he trip . he sit by the window . his relief on landing be subtle , but we notice . suddenly , he hear -- salesman' voice you do not like fly , do you ? mcclane turn , look at the babbit clone next to he . caught , he tense , hold he armrest in exaggerated fear . mcclane no , no , where would you get that idea ? salesman ( smile ) ya wanna know the secret of successful air travel ? after you get where you be go , ya take off you shoe and sock . then ya walk around on the rug barefoot and make fist with you toe . mcclane fist with you toe . salesman maybe it 's not a fist when it 's you toe ... I mean like this ... work out that time zone tension . ( demonstrate ) better and a cup of coffee and a hot shower for the old jet lag . I know it sound crazy . trust I . I have be do it for nine year . the plane stop . passenger rise , start to take down overhead luggage . mcclane do this , but as he open the door above , the businessman blanch see : 3-a he p.o.v . - mcclane's baretta pistol 3 - a peek out from he jacket . 3-b back to scene 3 - B recognize the look , mcclane smile reassuringly . mcclane it 's okay . ( show badge ) I be a cop . ( pause ) trust I . I have be do it for eleven . the businessman relax , move off . mcclane now wrestle down the biggest teddy bear fao schwartz have to offer . balance this , he move down to another overhead , take out a topcoat and a overnighter . barely manage all this , he turn , colliding with : 3-c a pretty stewardess 3 - C she bump nose with the bear , give a look . stewardess ( smile , about the bear ) maybe you should have buy she a ticket . mcclane her ? he scrutinize the nether region of the bear , shrug . mcclane she do not complain . stewardess ( eying he ) neither would I . mcclane smile , with just enough of a sigh to know he 's as wistful about thing - that - might - have - be as she be ... move down the aisle . CUT to : 4 int . the nakatomi build ( los angele ) - evening 4 close on a bottle of dom perignon as the cork explode across a large office floor decorate for Christmas . a japanese man , mid-fifty stand on a desk hold up the bottle triumphantly and look out at a ador audience of junior executive and office personnel . he be joseph takagi , sr v.p. of sale for nakatomi , a multinational corporation . takagi lady and gentleman ... I congratulate each and every one of you for make this one of the great day in the history of the nakatomi corporation ... in the b.g. , obviously still at work , a attractive businesswoman in she mid-thirty , study a computer printout , head toward she office . falling into step with she be harry ellis , thirty -seven , v.p. of sale . well - dress , with stylish , slicked - back hair , he look and act very smooth . ellis what about dinner ? woman ( holly ) Harry , it 's Christmas eve. families ... stocking ...chestnuts ... rudolph and frosty ... that thing ring a bell ? she turn into : 5 her office 5 her name be holly gennaro mcclane , though the nameplate on she door stop after the first two . she put the printout down on she secretary 's desk . ellis ( in reply ) I be think more of roaring fireplace ... mull wine and a nice brie ... Holly ignore the come - on , turn to she secretary . holly Ginny , it 's 6:40 , you be make I feel like ebeneezer scrooge . go on , join the party , have some champagne . Ginny slowly manipulate herself out of she seat . she be enormously pregnant . ginny ( grateful ) thanks Ms. Gennaro. ( worried ) do you think the baby can handle a little sip ? holly ( eyeing she ) Ginny , that baby 's ready to tend bar . ellis ( not give up ) how about tomorrow night ? Holly just point to the door . he follow Ginny out , clearly not give up . just then the party on Holly 's phone pick up and we : intercut : 6 int . nice house in santa monica 6 where a five - year old lucy mcclane race she younger brother to the phone , winsthe wrestle match , and answer with a sense of importance . a Xmas tree be in the b.g . lucy mcclane residence . Lucy mcclane speak . Holly suddenly smile . it be the first time we have see she smile and it speak volume about the person hide under a tough business exterior . holly ( with affection ) hello , Lucy mcclane . this be you mother . she look up and watch Ellis leave . he " shoot " she with a " catch ya later " wink . lucy mommy ! when be you come home ?! holly soon . you will be in bed when I get there , though . lucy will you come say ' good night ' ? holly do not I always , you goose ? ( enjoy Lucy 's giggle ) now put paulina on the line , and no search the house for present ! lucy ( catch ) I do not look in the front closet under the step ! be daddy come home with you ? JOHN , jr. ( hearing this , jump up and down ) yeah ! daddy ! daddy ! daddy ! ( on second think ) and a Captain power ! holly ( a little tightly ) well , we will see what Santa and mommy can do . Goose , put paulina on , okay ? Lucy hand the phone to a young salvadorian woman , paulina , the housekeeper . paulina hello , Mrs. Holly . you come home soon ? holly I be work on it . ( beat ) do Mr. mcclane call ? * paulina no mar 'am . Holly hide a trace of disappointment . holly well ... maybe there be not time before * the flight . you should probably make up the spare room just in case . paulina ( smile ) yes , Mrs. Holly . I do that already . * Holly 's smile come through again . 7 int . lax - evening 7 mcclane , wear he wool topcoat and carry the biggest stuff animal fao schwartz have in stock and he hangup bag , come down the american Airlines ramp and into the terminal . he avoid one near-collision involve he stuff animal , a act which drive he into another fender bender with a cute girl who look like she 's ready for high tide at Zuma . as she smile , weave onward , mcclane look at he own Arctic gear and then the girl as she kiss a similarly garbe boyfriend . mcclane ( sotto , to himself ) California . he look around the terminal at : 7-a he p.o.v . - terminal 7 - a family reunion be go on all around he as grandparent greet grow child and they child , young wive greet uniform soldier , we babbit businessman greet a pleasant wife and two pleasant kid . it 's all very traditional , very touch and not the least bit corny . 7-b back to scene 7 - B mcclane watch , move by the sight , then look around the wait area , just on the chance he family might be wait . instead he spot a thin , gangle black kid , argyle , in a ill-fitting chauffeur 's uniform . as he wait he beat out a rhythmn on a " nakatomi Corporation " card with J. mcclane write on it in magic marker . mcclane pause in front of he , unsure . mcclane I be John mcclane . argyle ( introduce himself ) argyle . I be you limo driver . hey , nice bag . he turn and start walk . mcclane pace he , still juggling bag and giant animal . mcclane argyle . do not you take this stuff ? argyle ( stop ) do I ? I be sorry . you be gonna have to help I , man . this be my first time drive a limo . mcclane that 's okay . this be my first time riding in one . CUT to : 8 with the limo - dusk 8 tilt up from the lincoln emblem on the car . both argyle and mcclane be in the front seat . argyle just kick back and relax , man . we get everything you need : CD , cb , tv , vhs , telephone , full bar . he look in the back seat , which be occupy by the bear . argyle if you friend be hot to trot ... I know a couple of mama bear . ( turn to mcclane ) ... or be he marry ? mcclane married . mcclane try to get comfortable , scowl as a rustling noise reveal wrapper and styrofoam from Taco Bell . he scowl at argyle . argyle the girl be off today . hey , I do not expect you to sit up front . ( back to the topic ) so , you lady live out here ? mcclane the past six month . argyle ( think about that ) meanwhile , you still live in New York ? mcclane you be nosey , you know that , argyle ? argyle hey , I be sorry . when I be a cabdriver , see , people expect a little chit chat , a little eccentricity and comaraderie , I forget how stick up you limo guy be , so excuse I . mcclane ( amused ) it 's okay , it 's okay . argyle ( instantly ) so , you divorced of what ? mcclane give up . mcclane she have a good job , it turn into a great career . argyle but mean she move here . mcclane closer to Japan . you be fast . argyle so , why do not you come ? mcclane ' Cause I be a New York cop who use to be a New York kid , and I get six month backlog of New York scumbag I be still try to put behind bar . I do not just get up and move . argyle ( to the point ) you mean you think she would not make it out here and she would come crawl on back , so why bother to pack ? mcclane grin , he like argyle even if he be direct . mcclane like I say , argyle ... you be fast . argyle ( pop in a cassette ) mind if I play some tune ? a hard rap song blast from the speaker . mcclane how ' bout some Christmas music ? argyle that be Christmas music . and damned it if be not , the fat boy of run dmc do a revisionist number on white christmas or something . mcclane give up , look out the window . 9 he p.o.v . 9 convertible with Christmas tree in they back seat , time / temperature sign which read : 69 degree , palm tree trim in Christmas light , intermittent West side token " happy chanukah " ... it be clear that Christmas L.A. style have its own unique style . 10 - out out 10 - 11 11 11-a the limo - century CITY 11 - a tilt down from one of the star of this film , the well - light , impressive and spanking - new nakatomi build . the limo pull up , park , and argyle get out . mcclane let himself out , which be fine because argyle do not remember he 's suppose to do it . they both go to the rear of the vehicle . 12 ext . nakatomi build - night 12 argyle climb out of the limo and stop by the trunk . argyle so , you go on upstairs to the party , you lady see you , you run into each other 's arm . Music come up , you live happily ever after , that it ? mcclane it 's corny , but I could live with it . argyle what be it do not work out that way ? where you gonna stay ? mcclane I will find someplace . he look up at the highrise light by huge spotlight , then back at argyle who 's make no attempt to open the trunk . argyle tell you what . I will pull into the parking garage and wait . you score with you wife give I a call on the car phone and I will leave you bag inside at the desk . you strike out ... I will get you to a hotel . he hand mcclane a business card with the number on it . mcclane ( take the number ) you be all right , argyle . argyle just remember that when you sign for the tip . ( point to the building ) they be pay for it , so do not be shy . mcclane grin , head inside . 13 int . nakatomi lobby - night 13 beautiful and -- on first glance -- desert . finally a SOUND in the sterile lobby reveal the presence of a security guard hide until now behind a massive desk . mcclane go there , sign in . mcclane Holly mcclane ? the Guard point to a prominent touch screen computer console . guard just type it in there . mcclane be confuse for a moment , then he move to the screen . he give the Guard a look ... the Guard raise he eyebrow as if to say give it a try . 13-a screen - closer 13 - a mcclane type , " mcclane , Holly " . pause . the screen reply , no such employee listed . 13-b mcclane 13 - B frown ... think . simultaneously inspire and suspicious , he type again . 13-c the screen 13 - C mcclane type , gennero , holly . this time the screen change , show a elevation of the building and then a floor plan of the 30th floor with Holly 's office blinking . * 13-d back to scene 13 - D mcclane cute toy . guard yeah . when you have to take a leak it will help you find you zipper . mcclane thirtieth floor ... * guard ( point ) take the express elevator and get off at the noise . mcclane nod , move off . he move to the elevator , and as he do he experience eye take in : 13-e another security guard 13 - E patrol a different area . 13-f several hi - tech cameras and sensor 13 - F which be cleverly work into the decor of the lobby . 13-g back to scene 13 - G mcclane react with bored professionalism , nods to the guard . mcclane lot of hardware ... the guard shrug . mcclane get in the elevator . 14 int . elevator - night 14 mcclane hit " 30 " and react to the hyper - power speed with which he rise . he rotate he head , get out the travel crick . as he approach the 30th floor we hear a tremendous thumping , throbbing noise . mcclane stop and listen before he realize -- it 's the party . as the door open the noise attack we . 15 30 th floor - same 15 mcclane move around the edge of the party , gradually spiraling inward . he grab a glass of mimosa champagne punch from a pass tray , sip ... scowl . spot open beer in a ice bucket , he toss the punch into a pot plant , even bury the plastic glass . sipping the beer , he move through the dense party . people he do not know throw streamer over he . a woman kiss he . he grin . a man kiss he . mcclane ( to himself , shaking he head ) California ... finally he query a dancing woman . the music drown out they word but she nod , point off in some generic direction . mcclane head that way , cut around a Christmas tree , lose he bearing . he see : 15-a takagi 15 - a who have a air of authority . mcclane go up to he . mcclane Excuse I , I be look for -- takagi Holly gennero ? mcclane yeah . how would you know ? takagi I have spend half my life on airplane , * I can recognize someone who just get off one . ( shaking hand ) I be Joe takagi , Mr. mcclane . I have ... something to do with this company . mcclane so I have hear . takagi smile , lead the way . as they approach Holly 's office door , mcclane notice the name there be -- again -- " gennero " . takagi Holly go to the vault room to fax some document ... she should be back any ... 16 holly office 16 Ellis be behind the desk . he 's sniffling and just as they come in he sweep the back of the slick desktop with he hand . both mcclane and takagi catch on ... but takagi try to hide he awareness . ellis ah ...hi ... I just have to make a quick call , and this be the nearest phone ... takagi ( as Ellis rise ) Ellis , this be John mcclane ... ( with meaning ) Holly 's policeman ? ( to mcclane ) Ellis be in charge of International acquisition . mcclane ( shaking hand with Ellis ) that explain the recent deal with Bolivia . Ellis react , run a check finger under he nose . mcclane ( sotto ) relax , Ellis . I be off duty . takagi ( eager to change the subject , to mcclane ) can I get you anything ? food ? cake ? water down champagne punch ? mcclane ( grin ) I be fine . ( look through the glass ) you throw quite a party . I do not know they have Christmas in Japan . takagi hey , we be flexible . Pearl Harbor do not work out , we get you with tape deck . mcclane laugh . he like this guy . ellis actually , it 's kind of a double celebration . * we close a pretty big deal today and a lot of it be due to Holly . the door open . Holly come inside . holly all set , Joe . the contract go over the wire , and -- ( surprised ) John ...! 16-a mcclane and holly 16 - a a moment . do the sound of the party stop for he ? we know it . for she ? it 's more cryptic . we sure hope so . holly ( recover ) I be hope you make that flight . JOHN ( quietly ) I be hope you be hope that . she laugh , kiss he on the cheek . Ellis note the awkwardness . takagi ( to mcclane ) you wife 's make for this business . she know how to drive a hard bargain . mcclane yeah . I remember we first date . ellis show he the watch . as she hesitates : ellis go on , show he . what be you , embarrassed ? ( to mcclane ) a little token of we appreciation for all she work . he take Holly 's wrist , hold it up . mcclane smoothly take the wrist away from Ellis , look at the watch . mcclane Nice , but one of we be three hour out of sync . I think it 's I . ( to Holly , pointedly ) be there a place I can wash up ? holly ( happy for the excuse ) sure . follow I . they go out . alone , takagi 's look at Ellis show he disapproval of certain snow at Christmas . CUT to : 17 ext . nakatomi - night 17 a emory freight truck turn off Olympic into the underground parking garage of nakatomi . 18 int . parking garage 18 it go down the ramp and pass argyle 's black limo . the driver 's seat be empty . 19 int . limo - same 19 argyle sit in the back seat hide from the outside world by the tinted rear window . he be make a drink from the bar with the tv on and he rap music blast from the cassette player , oblivious to the truck pass behind he . 20 int . parking garage - same 20 the emory truck stop in front of the service elevator on the next level down . as the truck idle , the uniform driver make a note on he clipboard . 21 int . ellis ' office - night 21 tilt up from mcclane 's bare feet . he be clenching and unclench he toe . mcclane ( surprised , actually feel tension decline ) son-of -a-bitch . it work . Holly sit on the desk here , watch he remove he jacket , tie shirt , etc . begin to wash up in the private bath . holly what be you do ? mcclane it 's a long story . you know , I think that Ellis have he eye on you . holly that 's okay ... ( pause ) ... I have a eye on he private bathroom . mcclane 's face show he relief ( or rather , he attempt not to show any ) . * holly so , where be you stay ? this * all happen so fast I do not even ask you on the phone . mcclane finish drying he face and step to the bath doorway . mcclane well , cappy Roberts retire out here a couple year ago . he say I could bunk with he . holly oh ... where do he live ? mcclane ramona ...no , pomona , that 's it . holly pomona ! you will be in the car the whole time ... look , let 's make this easy . I have a spare bedroom . it 's not huge , but the kid would love to have you at the house . mcclane fix she with a look . mcclane they would , huh ? holly ( beat ; honest ) I would too . * they lock eye for a moment , but it 's a intense moment that say a lot about how they still feel about each other . just then a man and a woman , both a little tipsy , open the door to the office , see that it 's occupy and beat a hasty retreat . the interruption temporarily dent the mood . Holly try to smile . but for mcclane it 's the last frustration . holly ... I have miss you . * mcclane especially my name . you must miss it every time you write a check . when do you start call yourself ' Ms. gennero ' ? holly ( catch ) this be a japanese company , you know ? they figure a marry woman , she 's on the way out the door ... mcclane sure . it 's unnerve . I remember this one particular marry woman , she go out the door so fast there be practically a jetwash ... I mean , talk about you wind chill factor ... holly do not we have this same conversation in July ? damn it , John , there be a opportunity out here -- I have to take it -- mcclane no matter what it do to we marriage -- ? holly my job and my title and my salary do nothing to we marriage except change you idea of what it should be . mcclane oh , here it come . one of that ' meaningful relationship conversation . ' I never should have let you get that magazine subscription -- holly you want to know my idea of a marriage ? it 's a partnership where people help each other over the rough spot -- console each other when there 's a down ... and when there 's a up , well , hell , a little goddamn applause or a attaboy would not be too bad . ( quietly ) I need that , john. ( pause ) I deserve that . there 's a clumsy pause as if she 's almost challenging he to say ... something but he set he jaw , say nothing . just then the door open and Ginny lean inside . ginny miz gennero ? Mr. takagi be look for you ... he want you to say something to the troops ... holly thanks , Ginny . I will be a second . oh , this be -- mcclane ( mock bright ' radio ' voice ) hi. John gennero here . I be the sensitive and supportive man of the eighty . Ginny look puzzle , go out . Holly sigh , move to the door . holly I will be a few minute . wait here -- mcclane do not I always ? she 's go . immediately , he slap he forehead , contrite . mcclane ( to himself ) schmuck ! 22 - out out 22 - 23 23 24 int . build lobby - same time 24 the Guard at the front desk notice the emory truck on he monitor . the Guard continue to watch the emory truck and only half notice as a mercede pull up in front of the building and two extremely well - dress businessman ( late twenty ) climb out and start up the stair for the door . as they cross the lobby to the Guard 's table to sign in , we hear they conversation . man # 1 ( Theo ) ( animatedly ) ... so , kareem rebound -- listen , this be a great play -- feed Worthy on the break , over to a.c. , to Magic , back to Worthy in the lane and -- suddenly the other man pull out a walther pistol with a silencer and aim it at the Guard 's forehead . before the Guard can react he pull the trigger . Theo ( dryly ) boom ... two point . ( the speed with which the murder take place set the tone for the rest of the action . ) the killer move behind the desk , step over a small pool of blood from the Guard . his name be kyle , big , with long blond hair like a rock drummer . Karl take off the silencer and look at the video monitor of the emory truck . the first man , theo , open he briefcase , take out a portable cb radio and speak into it . Theo we be in . 25 on the screen 25 the driver nod at the security camera as several man climb out of the rear of the van and begin unload wooden crate by the service elevator . 26 int . ellis ' office - night 26 mcclane look at all the lavishness around he and pick up a phone by the toilet . he open he wallet and take out the phone number argyle have he . a photo of he child stop he . it 's of Holly , the two child and himself in happier day : six month ago , before nakatomi come call to Holly 's door . mcclane flip it over . on the back in crude but painstake hand of a five - year - old it say : we miss you , daddy . love lucy ( and in more primitive letter ) JOHN . mcclane return the photo to he wallet , dial the number . 26 int . build operation control room 26 theo enter the small control room and comfortably sit behind a maintenance keyboard . whistle a vaguely familiar tune , he type in some command and lock down the passenger elevator up to the 30th floor . then with several more computer command , systematically cause : 27 the heavy steel gate to the parking garage close 27 28 the escalator to the garage come to a stop 28 29 out out 29 30 control room - same 30 theo finish type and disconnect the keyboard and pull out the wire from beneath the panel . 31 int . lobby - same 31 the door to a service elevator open to reveal han gruber , impeccably dress , lean and handsome , he step out into the lobby like he own the building -- and in a way he do . theo step to the door of the control room and toss han a computer card . han go to the front door , wave the card over a magnetic plate . a LED blink and the door lock with a thud . han look out at the street . appropriately enough , " not a creature be stir . " century City be quiet . 32 - out out 32 - 35 35 35-a lobby - quick cut 35 - a a elevator open revealing ten more men , all armed with kalashnikov machine gun be carry canvas kit bag . one of they , eddie , a rugge american in he twenty , go to the dead guard and immediately begin change into he cloth . meanwhile : a ) Karl take a tool case from the elevator and join he brother tony , first playfully grab he . they head for the basement stairwell ; B ) theo leave the control room and nod to han . C ) Eddie finish adjust button and snap on he pilfere uniform , take he position behind the front desk . 36 han 36 look at he watch and seem pleased . he step into the service elevator with the other and press the button for the 30th floor . the entire sequence have take maybe sixty second . 37 int . ellis ' bathroom - 30th floor - same 37 mcclane be still barefoot , he pant leg now roll up above he ankle . he stretch he toe again . damn , it work . he light up a new marlboro , dial a number on the ( bathroom ) phone . 38 int . build basement - phone room 38 a large sign say : pacific bell employees only . Inside tony stand in front of a intimidating matrix of phone line -- but what he have in mind will not require a doctorate in Electrical Engineering . Karl come over , give he a elder brother 's punch on the arm , point out what to do . together they focus on four cpv plastic conduit which run out of the main panel over they head . tony nod . open a case revealing a compact electric chainsaw . 39 int . ellis ' bathroom - resume 39 mcclane ( on phone ) argyle ...? 40 int . limo 40 argyle be recline on the seat . the music be on so loud that it be nearly impossible to hear . argyle hey , John , what 's the word on you and you lady ? mcclane's voice the vote 's not in yet . 41 int . phone room - same 41 Karl cut through the four tube one at a time . 42 int . ellis ' bathroom - same 42 mcclane on the phone . argyle' voice ( mock ) ' vote 's not in yet ? ' what 's that suppose to mean . mcclane what do you want , ' all my Children ' ? we be make progress . after I get my foot out of my mouth , we will really be cooking , and then I can -- he stop and gently tap the phone cradle . no dial tone . 43 int . limo 43 argyle look at the phone . argyle what ?... Mr. Mac , you there ? he turn down the music but there be on one on the line . argyle ( to himself ) well , call I back , John . you get the number . he hang up and turn the volume back up . 44 ellis ' office 44 mcclane hang up the original phone and then try the other one on the desk . it , too , be dead . 45 int . service elevator 45 han and the other approach the 30th floor . as they grow closer , we hear the noise of the speaker grow louder and louder . the man cock they weapon and brace themselves as the car stop and the elevator door open . on the SOUND of gunshot and scream we : CUT to : 46 int . ellis ' office 46 mcclane grab he shoulder harness off the back of the chair , move quickly to the doorway . he look down the hall . 47 mcclane's p.o.v. 47 two terrorist , FRANCE and fritz , armed with m - 5 machine gun search the office on the hall one by one . they open a door , look in from the hallway , and move on quickly to the next . they be four office away and move fast . mcclane look across the corridor and see the stairwell door -- too far to reach without be see . 48 mcclane 48 step back , throw off the safety on he beretta and brace himself . he open the door , peer through a crack at : 49 hallway - FRANCE and fritz 49 quick cut as mcclane 's eye scan they weapon ... he 's totally outgun , and he know it . franco and fritz reach the office just before Ellis ' and throw open the door revealing the man and woman who interrupt Holly and mcclane a few minute before , now in the throes of passionate lovemake on the desk . the two terrorist smile at each other , then enter the office . a moment later the man , ( try desperately to pull up he pants ) and the woman ( buttone she blouse ) be push out into the hall and toward the larger group by fritz . the other terrorist , franco , go to Ellis ' office and open the door . it be ...empty . 50 int . stairwell - same 50 close on mcclane 's bare foot pad quickly up the concrete stair , two at a time . we follow he up , then out onto the : 50-a 31th floor 50 - a this be the mezzanine floor immediately above the main nakatomi lobby . mcclane see theo and kristoff wheeling cart of equipment . mcclane duck back into the stairwell , he run up another flight and out onto : 51 unfinished floor 51 eventually it will be one large secretarial pool , but only a portion be complete . half -finish partition and office furniture in its original plastic wrapping be everywhere . one end have a few lonely finish work area . mcclane move quickly to a desk and pick up a phone . it 's out . mcclane shit ... he look out the window at : 51-a neighboring build - mcclane's p.o.v. 51 - a a high -rise apartment building a half - block away sparkles with light . mcclane stare at a pretty girl in she bedroom . she 's wear drop dead underwear right out of the Victoria 's secret catalog . as we watch , she flop down on she bed , and with one long leg in the air , effortlessly dial a call on she high - tech phone . it seem so easy . 51-b back to scene 51 - B frustrate , he watch this , knit he brow . mcclane think ... 52 int . 30th floor ( hostage floor ) - same 52 the employee have be herde to the center of the room where the desk have be pull back . many people be whimper . 52-a holly 52 - a she look around the room for mcclane . she 's so intent on this that she do not see one terrorist wave she forward . exasperate , he shove she . her glare at he show we she mettle . 52-b wider 52 - B as the employee be bunched together , Ellis seek out Holly . he 's clearly scared but try to fake courage . he pat she hand " reassuringly . " han step up on top of a desk and look over the group . he reach into a pocket ... several people cringe ... but what he come out with be a bottega venata pocket notebook . he check he own scribbling like a dais speaker . han ( soothing , in control ) lady and gentleman , due to the nakatomi Corporation 's legacy of greed around the globe , it be about to be teach a lesson on real power . you ... will be witness . if we demand be not meet , however -- ( sad smile ) -- you may become participant instead . ( beat , check note ) now , where be ...' takagi ' ? where be the man who ... ( slight smile ) ... use to be in charge here ? takagi be shove forward . he 's worried but far from cow . han step towards he . extends a hand . han ( quite civil ) Mr. takagi . how do you do . my name be han gruber . takagi be confuse by he charm . han wave politely in the direction of a elevator and with a armed escort take the executive away . camera adjust to show Holly , concerned . 56 int . stairwell - 33rd floor - same 56 mcclane pause outside the stairwell door to the 33rd floor , he press the handle and crack the door open to reveal a computer floor . the computer machinery drone on under the light behind plate glass window . mcclane quietly close the door and move to another floor . mcclane ( mumble to himself ) 32 construction ...33 computer ... 57 - out out 57 - 58 58 59 int . service elevator - night 59 han , takagi , Karl and tony . Riding silently . han alone seem relaxed . he whistle . we recognize it as a snatch of wagner . han Nice suit . John philip ... London ? takagi stare at he , speechless . han ( smile ) I have two myself . ( beat , as he exit : ) I be tell Arafat shop there too ... 60 int . stairwell 60 mcclane start to open the stairwell door to the Machine floor when a noise above he get he attention . he move silently up one flight to the roof . quietly , he crack the door and look out onto a Machine floor on the lower level of the roof . 61 mcclane's p.o.v . 61 Three terrorist , jame , uli and heinrich , be unpack the wooden crate we see in the garage from the service elevator . it 's not clear what they be do but it seem very military like and ominously defensive . heinrich point up to the ceiling and say something in german . the other nod . heinrich start to turn towards the camera and : 62 mcclane 62 close the door and slip back down the stair . 63 int . conference room - board room floor - night 63 hand enter , look around . * han * and when Alexander see the breadth of he domain , he wept . for there be no more world to conquer . ( to takagi ) the benefit of a classical education . han admire a scale model of a bridge . behind he be * photograph of the gorge where the bridge will be construct . Karl and tony listen . takagi watch . han it 's beautiful . I always enjoy model as a boy . the exactness , the attention to every foreseeable detail ... perfection . takagi ( defensively ) this be what this be about ? out building project in Indonesia ? contrary to what you people think , we be go to develop that region ... not ' exploit ' it . han straighten , look hard at takagi . han I believe you . ( smile ) I read the article in forbe . * takagi look confuse . han put a friendly arm around takagi 's shoulder and guide he into the adjacent board room where theo type in command onto a build - in computer console . han Mr. takagi , we could discuss industrialization of man 's fashion all day , but I be afraid my associate , Mr. theo , have some question for you . sort of fill - in - the blank question actually ... jump CUT : 64 a computer screen spit out : 64 nakatomi corporation . board workstation . enter central computer code key _ _ _ _ . 65 Theo 65 sit finger poise over the keyboard . han sit opposite . takagi stand like the accuse at the foot of the table , have just read the screen , blurt : takagi I do not have that code ...! ( beat ; to han ) you break in here to access out computer ?!? any information you could get -- they wake up in Tokyo in the morning , they will change it ! you will not be able to blackmail we executive or threaten -- han bark he to silence : han sit down ! takagi comply . han be abruptly compassionate and quiet . han Mr. takagi ... I be not interested in you computer . ( beat ) I be interested in the 640 million dollar in negotiable bearer bond you have in you vault . on takagi 's reaction . han yes ... I know about they . the code key be a necessary step in access the vault . takagi you want ... money ? what kind of terrorist be you ? han ( amused ) who say we be terrorist ? 65-a mcclane - entering this floor 65 - a he tiptoe along , gun hold ready . he can hear the mumble of voice from the conference room , move slowly towards it . 65-b conference room - resume 65 - B han slowly take out he walther and he silencer . he feel he silencer a moment , as if make a decision , then slip it back into he coat pocket . han ( weigh the gun ) the code key , please ...? takagi it 's useless to you ! there 's seven safeguard on we vault , and the code key be only one of they ! you will never get it open ! han lift the gun . han then there 's no reason not to tell it to we . Theo ( aside to Karl ) I tell you ... karl it 's not over ... han give they both a look like a annoyed schoolmaster , turn back to takagi . han this be too nice a suit to ruin , Mr. takagi . I be go to count to three . there will not be a four . give I the code . he cock the gun : takagi I do not know it ! get on a goddamn jet to Tokyo and ask the chairman ! I be tell you ! you be just go to have to kill I -- han okay . bang !! he pull the trigger : 66 out in the museum - mcclane 66 * react as if shot . a66-a he p.o.v. a66-a * the glass door to the boardroom be splatter red and drip ... 66-a inside 66 - a takagi be still seat , but the chair in flat on its back , blood flow out into the carpet . han spring to he foot : han we do it the hard way ! tony , see if you can dispose of that . ( the body ) Karl , you would better check heinrich 's work up on the machine floor . Karl , in the midst of hand theo a fifty dollar bill , nod . 67 outside - mcclane 67 stunne , see han move and try to retreat . but he gun bump the underside of the table : 68 inside - han 68 hear it . Karl be the first to move : 69 karl 69 spring through the door , find nothing . he check two adjoin room , the first be desert . the second ... be lock . 70 karl 70 return to han . karl nothing ... han ( nod ) see to heinrich ... ( to theo ) now ... you can break the code key ...? Theo ( grin ) you do not bring I along for my charming personality . as he head for the elevator . Theo ( under he breath ) ' though you could have ... han smile , confident in he team , and follow . camera settle on the door that Karl find lock . 71 inside the supply closet - mcclane 71 slowly let out a breath , praying softly : mcclane argyle . tell I you hear the shot . tell I you hear the shot and you be call the police right now ... CUT to : 72 int . limo - parking garage 72 argyle be on the car phone . the music be play . argyle I be work , honey . work hard . ' course I will be by later to pick you up , have I ever lie to you ? my boss ? he think I be cruise to Palm Springs ... 72-a machine level - tight on ceiling 72 - a heinrich presses something into a niche here , scramble like a monkey to a new position . helped by one of he man , he jump down , move to another area , climb up again , remove something from he shoulder bag . 73 vault room - 31st floor 73 han and theo enter the safe room . the huge corporate safe loom in front of they . theo place three kit bag onto a table and roll up he sleeve . he swivel a computer console into handy reach , sit down . han how long ? Theo thirty minute to break the code ... two hour for the five mechanical . the seventh lock ... that 's out of my hand . han if out plan work ... the FBI will get rid of it for we . theo grin , begin type . 73-a he screen 73 - a he type begin algorithm code program . random number and letter begin go by : aaaaa ; 11111 ; aaaab ; 11112 . 74 32nd floor 74 mcclane move out onto the 31st floor , angry at himself . mcclane why the fuck do not you stop he ? ( beat ) because , you ignorant sonofabitch , you would be dead , too . think ... think , goddamnit ! suddenly he look up at the ceiling and see a sprinkler head . his look drop to the wall and focus on a small red fire alarm switch by the door . 75 int . MAIN floor - L.A. FIRE station - night 75 a alarm sound . quickly firemen move to they machine as a voice of a 911 dispatcher drone . 911 dispatcher Main wilshire unit . two alarm fire at nakatomi Plaza -- the voice continue as the station door open and we : CUT to : 76 int . nakatomi - ground floor operation room - same 76 a fire alarm indicator light show which floor have sound the fire alarm -- suddenly begin flash , emit short , loud beep . Eddie , the terrorist in the guard 's uniform and man the station , immediately pick up he cb . 77 32nd floor - same 77 mcclane stand at window look northward for fire truck . suddenly we see the flash red light of four engine in traffic two mile away . mcclane c'mon , baby ... come to papa . I be gonna kiss you goddamn dalmatian . 78 int . service elevator - on han - same 78 he ride the elevator back to the 30th floor with tony . han ( calmly , to Eddie on cb ) call 911 , give they the name and badge number on you uniform and cancel the alarm ... then disable the system . ( look across at tony , press talk button again ) Eddie ? what floor do the alarm go off ? 78-a machine floor 78 - a they have hear the alarm here , too . heinrich , Marco and * uli hear the alarm and continue they mysterious work . 79 unfinished floor - same 79 mcclane stand silhouett against the window . in the distance he can see another fire truck swing off Santa monica onto Avenue of the star . suddenly the red light on the first truck go out , then on the second . mcclane watch in disbelief . the truck slow and turn down separate side street , head for home . mcclane ( realize ) Son of a bitch ... just then the elevator bell ring and we hear the elevator door OPEN . a figure ( tony ) slip into the shadow -- he machine gun draw . we move with he from the elevator area until he reach the light switch and throw it illuminate the entire floor . mcclane be go . 80 on mcclane 80 under a desk . he take in he option . 81 he p.o.v . 81 the foot of tony . they move slowly in he direction . mcclane look down the aisle next to the window . it lead to a series of cubicle at the other end of the floor and be a clear path if he can make it past tony . 82 tony 82 he move steadily toward the area where we see mcclane . tony the fire have be call off , my friend . no one be come to help you . you might as well come out and join the other . ( finger the trigger of he machine gun ) I promise not to hurt you . move more confidently , he step up to mcclane 's desk , then around it and fire a blast into the space . it be empty . as the SOUND of the machine gun fade he listen and hear another SOUND -- a noise come from the other end of the room near the cubicle . tony head toward the noise . sense a trap , he move past each cubicle carefully , check each office until he reach the doorway of the last one . the sound be just around the partition . he tense , then spin into the cubicle . 83 tony's p.o.v . 83 a radial arm see spin noisily . 84 tony 84 grin at he nervousness . he move to turn it off , not realize the sound have bury the soft rustle of mcclane , step into frame behind he , mcclane shove he pistol barrel against tony 's temple . mcclane freeze , Police ... do not move or name you beneficiary . tony do not . mcclane cock he beretta . tony watch he calmly . tony you will not hurt I . mcclane yeah ? why not ? tony ( smug ) because you be a policeman . there be rule for policeman . mcclane yeah . my Captain keep tell I the same thing . mcclane suddenly pistol whip tony across the head . tony reel , then swallow , worried for the first time . mcclane let 's go . suddenly tony spin to the side and mcclane fire , but the big man 's momentum slam mcclane into a filing cabinet and send he pistol into the hall . tony fire he machine gun , but mcclane kick he into the desk . he lock he arm around the big man' neck in a hold that send tony reeling into the hall . mcclane hold on as they slam through several plastic board partition . they careen across the hall into the stairwell door , open it , and crash into : 85 stairwell landing 85 then down the concrete step into the wall on the landing below . for a moment , both man lie still . mcclane , still hold onto tony 's neck , release it and the man 's head flop sickeningly to the side . for a moment mcclane just look at the dead man . then , slowly , methodically , he begin to search he . he turn all he pocket inside out , look at he clothing label , stare long and very hard at a California driver 's license with tony 's picture on it . he expertly examine the machine gun when a hissing SOUND come from somewhere attract he attention . he rise , move cautiously to the source . 85-a new angle 85 - a it 's tony 's cb , which have fall from the dead man 's waist during the struggle . mcclane stare at it , formulate a plan . CUT to : 86 int . 32nd floor - night 86 pan from tony 's now shoeless foot to mcclane , who sit on the floor near the body hurriedly lace up the dead terrorist 's boot on he own foot . he tie the last lace and try to take a couple of step . he wince in pain , go off balance . quickly he start take the boot off . mcclane a million terrorist in the world and I kill the one with foot smaller than my sister . he yank off the boot and toss they into the garbage . then he pull the body up and set it down on a secretary 's chair . he start to push it along when he get a idea and move to : 86-a a desk 86 - a where he scribbles a note we cannot read on a piece of paper . then he eye fall on some Xmas decoration nearby . he smile to himself . 86-b in the elevator - unfinished floor 86 - B tight on mcclane 's back as he push tony 's body on swivel chair into the elevator . ( note : we cannot see tony's head ) camera adjust as mcclane push the button for the 31th and 30th floor . we notice he 's get the dead man 's machine gun and that a wooden desk ruler protrude from mcclane 's back pocket . the elevator door close and the car start down . after it 's drop only half a floor , mcclane force the door open with he finger -- stop the car between floor . use the ruler he block open the inside door , then open the outside door of the floor above ( 31st ) with he finger and pull himself up onto the carpete floor , then up onto the roof of the car . once on the roof of the car he reach over the edge and remove the ruler , close the inside door and set the car in motion again . 86-c hostage floor 86 - C the hostage have be gather together in a group in the center of the open floor , guard flanking they . the elevator be barely visible from the edge of the group , which be where Ginny and Holly be sit . Ginny wince , uncomfortable on the floor . Holly soothes she . han stand in front of they like a stern camp counselor in front of the assemble bunk . han I want this to be professional , efficient , adult , cooperative . not a lot to ask . alas , you Mr. takagi do not see it that way ... ( harder ) so he will not be join we for the rest of he life . ( as that sink in ) we be prepare to go any way you make we . when we have achieve we aim you can walk out of here ... or be carry out . decide now , each of you . but remember that we have plan everything to the last detail . we be completely in change . a " ding " attract he attention . he turn . 87 new angle 87 the elevator door OPEN and fritz , guard the area . whirl , gun hold ready . his jaw drop as he see : 87-a tony's body - he p.o.v. 87 - a still and dead , flop in a swivel chair , a red Santa hat gaily place on he head . 87-b han 87 - B react . han ( indicate the hostage ) get they over there . schnell ! the guard quickly hustle the hostage away as han cross to the elevator , but for before . 87-c holly 87 - C see the body ... and react . she know she husband 's ability ... not to mention he twisted sense of humor . 87-d near the elevator 87 - D as fritz stand there , confuse , han come to the elevator with franco , lift tony 's chin and see that he neck have be snap . he see a fold piece of paper in tony 's collar , take it out . 87-e insert - the note 87 - E it read , " now I have a machine gun . ho -ho - ho . " 87-f back to scene 87 - E fritz perhaps a security guard we overlook ...? han lift tony 's chin again , let the head flop over . han ( thoughtfully ) Security guard ? they be usually tired and burn out old policeman grow * fat on a pension ... this be ... something else . 87-g roof of elevator - same time 87 - G mcclane be stare through a tiny crack at the scene below he . camera adjust from fritz in the b.g. to han and France just below . mcclane be writing in he weather - beat cop 's notebook . the first notation be number of hostage : holly + 30 -- odd . then it say , number of terrorist ? as we watch , he add " 3 ? 1 87 - h in lobby ( ? ) and 2 + with hostage ?? plus one on 87 - h roof ( 3 ) . " fritz's voice ( slightly spook ) we have to do something , han . han ' voice ( not pleased ) yes ... we have to tell Karl he brother be dead . tell he to come down . now mcclane write " hans=leader . karl=brother . use this ? " as fritz call Karl on he cb , han look at franco . han franco , you and fritz take the body upstairs and out of sight . I do not want the hostage to think too much . 88 int . elevator shaft - car roof - on mcclane - same 88 on top of the car , listen to the conversation below . franco and fritz step into the car and the door on the elevator close . the car accelerate upward and mcclane grab onto the heavy , grease - coat cable to keep he balance . already he clothes be soile ; he face and foot , arm and hair be dark from the dirt and sweat . the car speed up the shaft -- pass the car bring Karl down to the hostage floor -- and stop at the machine floor . the door open and mcclane hear they roll the chair with the body off the car . mcclane look up . 89 mcclane's p.o.v . 89 a metal catwalk run around the inside of the elevator shaft . 90 mcclane 90 pull himself up onto it . as he move along the catwalk look for a way out , he pass a unmark metal door , 2 'x3 ' . mcclane push it open and look in . 91 mcclane's p.o.v. 91 total darkness . 92 mcclane 92 take out a coin . a quarter . he stop , switch to a nickel . throw it into the void . it be a full four second until we hear it " ching " and bounce on concrete far below . you do not have to be a mathematics whiz to know it 's a long drop . mcclane Jesus ... he move cautiously around a corner and we see a metal ladder lead up to a door mark pump room . open the door mcclane enter a darken : 93 pump room 93 damp and full of pipe and go to another door . he crack the door and look out . 94 mcclane's p.o.v. 94 the lower level of the roof . open and desert . only a heliport above he be higher . 95 30 th floor ( hostage floor ) - holly office - same 95 widen as a filing cabinet be flung across the floor , drawer slamming out , papers fly . karl have do this , and he 's * barely start . he fling a lamp against a wall , punch a hole into the plaster . finally , han go to he , lay control hand on the man 's shoulder . han I know what you be feel . but this be not productive -- karl ( push he away ) he be my only brother ... my only family ! ( a flat statement ) I want blood for my blood . we search ... now . he start to move . han stop he . han ( firmly ) no. heinrich 's team must finish plant the detonator ... and theo need time on the vault . after the * police come they will waste hour try to negotiate ... that 's when we search * for this man . until then ... we do not alter the plan . karl ( quietly ) and if he alter it ...? * for once hand do not have a answer . 95-a hostage - around the corner 95 - a they have hear the alarm , can see and sense the agitation among they captor . Ellis slide over to Holly . ellis what 's happen ? holly they do not look happy ... something 's go wrong . ellis the police ...? holly ( shaking she head ) John . ellis John ? Christ , he could fuck this whole thing up ... what do he think he 's do ? holly how about he job ? ellis his ' job ' be 3000 mile away . without he , they might let we go ... at least we have a chance ... holly ( quietly ) tell that to Mr. takagi . 96 ext . roof - night 96 mcclane climb to the heliport and lean against the leeward side of a wall surround it . shield from wind , he pull out the cb , turn to channel nine , and start broadcasting . mcclane mayday , mayday ! anyone ! terrorist have seize and nakatomi building and be hold 30 or more hostage ! I say again -- 97 out out 97 98 int . han ' office - same 98 han , Karl , fritz and France hear the clear signal over han ' cb . mcclane's voice -- unknown number of terrorist , six or more , armed with automatic weapon at nakatomi , century City ... somebody answer I , goddamnit ! Karl look almost ... satisfied . han the roof . it 's the best place to transmit . they move . 99 int . los angle emergency dispatch CENTER - same 99 a supervisor weave she way back from the break room toward a dispatcher who be monitoring the call . dispatcher it 's the same address as that fire signal -- * supervisor ( frown ) -- the false alarm ? I will handle * it . she plug in she headset . ( her condescending , arrogant tone be like the one in the famous tape where the dispatch lady spend so much time on red tape that the patient die . ) supervisor ( into mike ) attention , whoever you be . this channel be reserve for emergency call only -- mcclane's voice no fuck shit , lady ! do I sound like I be order a pizza ? 100 out out 100 101 int . service elevator - on karl - same 101 with franco and fritz . karl no one kill he but I . it 's a order and the look he give the other two back it up . Karl check he magazine , slap it into he rifle as the elevator open to the roof . 102 ext . upper roof 102 mcclane move around the roof , circle the helipad , make sure he have a good enough view to avoid be ambush . he can not see in all direction at once but he 's do the best he can . mcclane they have already kill one hostage , and they be fortifying they position while we be bullshit ! now , send police backup asap ! supervisor's voice Sir , I have already tell you , this be a reserve channel . if this be a emergency call , dial 911 on you telephone . otherwise I will report you to the police -- mcclane ( to the radio ) -- fine ! report I ! hey , come down here and fuck arrest I ! send the police . now -- ! suddenly machine gun shell rip into the concrete wall in front of he . the noise be deaden as we : CUT to : 103 int . dispatcher office - same 103 both supervisor and dispatcher reach for they headsets in pain from the intense SOUND and : 104 out out 104 105 ext . roof - on mcclane - same 105 running . tracer bullet rip into the wall behind he . he reach the corner and see the other two terrorist move toward he . before they see he , he leap down to the next level out of range of Karl . 106 int . emergency dispatch - same 106 the dispatcher look critically at the supervisor in the sudden silence . supervisor ( importantly ) ad ...have a black - and - white do a drive - by . CUT to : 107 int . 7 - 11 - at the counter - night 107 tight as one after another after another hostess twinkie be stack up on the counter . camera widen and we see the young male clerk , who stifles a smile . another teenage employee behind the counter also smother a laugh . the customer be powell , young for a police veteran , old for the rest of the world . clerk think you guy just eat donut . powell they be for my wife . she 's pregnant . if I know she be gonna eat a dozen at a shot , I woulda buy stock in the company . the clerk nod and put they in a bag . as Powell pay , suddenly he belt radio crackle to life . dispatcher voice / radio dispatch to one Adam ten , over . Powell grab the radio , speak into it . powell one Adam ten , go ahead . dispatcher voice / radio investigate a code two at nakatomi Plaza , century City . powell ( think ) nakatomi Plaza ? he move to the door , step outside . 107-a ext . convenience store 107 - a Powell look towards the horizon and up . there it be , nakatomi , in all its gleam glory . dispatch voice one Adam ten , do you copy ? Powell be already move to the car . he toss in the twinky , hop behind the wheel . powell ( into police radio ) Roger , dispatch . I be on the way . and he burn rubber leave the store : CUT to : 108 ext . roof - on mcclane - night 108 run for he life , from fritz and franco , do not realize he be be herde around the building toward Karl . suddenly mcclane turn a corner and see Karl . the big man fire a burst and mcclane duck back stop at the exterior door to the pump room he use before . it be lock from the inside . he blows the lock off with a burst from he machine gun and slip into the darkness of the : 109 elevator shaft near pump room 109 come quickly out of the pump room , mcclane pick he way over the same ground as a few minute before and open the door to the elevator shaft . the dimly light shaft yawn before he . he start down the ladder back to the catwalk , move along it -- stop . the catwalk end , and the elevator be go . 109-a int . pump room - other end 109 - a Karl cross , start to open the door to the elevator shaft when suddenly they radio crackle with -- han ' voice Karl ? franco ? do you catch he ? franco no , but he 's in the elevator shaft . han ' voice prefect . the elevator be lock off . * he can not escape . just shut he in and return to base . karl han , he kill by brother -- han ( more firmly ) Karl , I know you want he , but the police be probably on they way . maybe we can convince they it be all a mistake , but not if they hear gunshot ! if you lock he in he will be neutralize -- now do it ! Karl ? Karl ! Karl turn off he radio . in the light of they flashlight , the two other terrorist look at Karl in stunne disbelief . he open the door to the elevator shaft . 109 -b int . elevator shaft - on mcclane 109 - B he 's overheard enough of this to realize he 's in deep shit . he backtrack to the air shaft door , strike a cigarette lighter . 110 - out out 110 - 117 117 117-a elevator shaft ( opposite side ) 117 - a Karl step off the ladder to the catwalk , he own gun hold * ready . 118 mcclane 118 hearing Karl 's approach , mcclane think fast , look down at he narrow confines , and then at : 118-a he weapon 118- a and its canvas gunsling and metal strap slide . 118-b back to scene 118- B quickly , mcclane let out all the slack in the sling . then , he brace the weapon across the outside open of the air shaft door and lower himself into the : 119 AIR shaft 119 meanwhile hold onto the canvas sling with he elbow bent over it like a kid do a half - ass skin-the - cat on a swing set . his foot slowly move down the smooth aluminum wall until they reach the top of the air duct , then dangle in the open space . he straighten he arm to give he length enough to touch the bottom edge of the duct . suddenly he feel something give above he and look up . 120 close on the sling 120 it be design to carry a gun on a man , not vice versa . the few inch of extra canvas be slide through the clip . when they be go ... he will be too . 121 karl 121 he move silently toward the corner . 122 close - mcclane's toe 122 now only inch from the bottom edge . mcclane 's arm be fully extend now . he hear Karl on the metal catwalk . his muscle strain and quiver . 123 the sling 123 one of the canvas end slip through the clip . 124 on mcclane 124 falling . he grab the ledge of the air duct as he fall and he body slam into the aluminum wall with a echoing boom . above he on the catwalk the rifle rattles on the metal outside the door . 125 on karl 125 around the corner Karl freeze , unsure of the sound : 126 on mcclane 126 hold onto the ledge by he hand . with every ounce of strength he try to pull himself up into the horizontal duct , claw for a hold . 127 on karl 127 he round the corner and see mcclane 's rifle lie beneath the doorway . he move to the small door , shine he light and aim he rifle down into the air shaft ready to fire . 128 he p.o.v . 128 the shaft be desert . move he light around he see the air duct . without hesitation he turn and backtrack to the pump room door . 129 int . AIR conditioning duct - on mcclane - same 129 he lie exhaust and motionless in the narrow crawl space . he awkwardly fish out the lighter from he shirt pocket and thumb it on . the flicker glow show he this be not no place for claustrophobics -- it 's a long , long long dark and narrow corridor full of weird shadow . the far end ( if there even if one ? ) be black . mcclane whew ... for a moment there I be worried . he turn out he lighter , and start crawl . 130 - out out 130 - 133 133 - 133-a int . machine floor 133 - a the three terrorist rush down from the roof in hot pursuit , Karl lead the way through the door . Karl point quickly to the leave and right where there be a series of room . the other check this while Karl approach the camera , trigger finger itching . almost immediately , the other return . franco ( a whisper ) nothing . Karl look puzzle . then he think , mentally retrace mcclane 's few option . Karl 's eye scan the architecture here , and then suddenly he look up . 133-b out out 133-b * 134 he p.o.v. 134 * the ceiling be criss -cross with air duct . he fire a * burst into the duct . 135 int . AIR duct - same 135 mcclane remain motionless in the air duct . Three quarter-size hole inch from he face show how close Karl come to nail he . sweat cover he face , drip silently onto the aluminum . 136 machine room 136 Karl listen patiently for sound . just then the two other terrorist return . franco nothing . Karl hesitates a moment , fight he instinct before finally turn to go . suddenly the duct mcclane be in groans slightly under he weight . Karl stop and look up at the matrix of aluminum duct work , try to single out the source of the sound . he step back into the room and raise he rifle . holding it upright he press the barrel up into the belly of mcclane 's air duct , feel for weight -- the weight of a body . 137 inside the AIR duct 137 mcclane see the indention of the barrel press into the aluminum fifteen foot away . there be a pause and another three foot closer . he can hear Karl 's footstep on the concrete -- move slowly below the duct . 138 on karl 138 his eye be fix above he on the air duct . he press the barrel up again . still nothing . 139 on mcclane 139 silently he move he hand , slowly draw he beretta . the next indention press up six foot away . mcclane point he gun downward and wait . 140 karl 140 stop directly below he . the barrel start up and just touch the duct under mcclane when franco return to the door and call : franco Karl ! Police ! come on . Karl hesitates then lower he gun and leave . 141 close - mcclane 141 he hear the door close and lower he head . 141-a int . 33rd floor - safe room 141 - a the large LED window in the front of the safe beeps and letter creep by : access code accepted . we hear a clunk . camera adjust to show theo , who grin . now he computer screen read , lock # 1 disabled . do you wish to proceed ? theo put goggle on he eye , hold out he hand towards kristoff like a doctor request a scalpel . kristoff give he a giant drill . Theo you bet you ass I be gonna proceed . he turn on the drill : 142 out out 142 143 ext . century CITY - avenue of the star - night 143 the street be empty , quiet . a lone police black - and - white pull out of the shadow of a side street and begin a slow cruise toward the nakatomi building . 144 on powell 144 driving , alone . he start up at the tower . it seem calm , its glow light match the warmth of the holiday decoration on the street . Powell slow to a stop and scan the premise . in the lobby we see Eddie , sit behind the desk . Powell report to he radio . powell Guard inside . no sign of disturbance ... I be go up for a closer look . he pull in and park in the front . 145 int . machine room - same 145 mcclane punch out a ceiling vent and drop down into the machine room . for a moment he stand , listen for sound of movement . the floor be quiet . he go to the stairwell . 146 ext . roof - same 146 the edge of the roof . suddenly a tall terrorist , James , move along the wall and look over at Powell 's car . 147 int . 3rd floor - same 147 the elevator door open on Karl , franco and fritz . they * step out onto the darken floor . we see large number " 3 " paint on the door of this floor . they move quickly toward the window on the Avenue of the star side where a terrorist , alexander , with a bar rifle have set up a machine gun nest under a half - open window . directly below he we see Powell 's car . Alexander pan the police car with he weapon , finger on the trigger . this be clearly a man hungry for action . 148 30 th floor ( han ' office ) - same 148 han watch from above . he raise he cb . han ( he usual calm ) Eddie ? 149 int . lobby - same 149 Eddie pick up he cb . he watch Powell come up the stair . eddie ( to cb ) have a feel you would be call ... han ' voice let he in . Eddie be a little startle , but he move quickly . 149-a alexander 149 - a also hear this , and he eager expression fade . but order be order . 150 ext . front door of nakatomi - same 150 Powell try the front door . lock . Eddie come hustling across and unlock the door with the magnetic card . eddie even , officer . what 's up ? Powell step in and look around . bland holiday muzak filter from speaker here . ( let it snow ) * powell we get a emergency call that there be a problem here . 151 int . 34 th floor - board room - same 151 * mcclane make he way to the Avenue of the star side of the building , enter the board room where takagi be shot . mcclane go to the window and look down at the street . 152 he p.o.v. 152 Powell 's car . mcclane all right ! mcclane wait , expectant . five second . ten second . but no commotion , no shouting . he frown . mcclane where 's the fuck cavalry ? 152-a int . lobby - same time 152 - a Powell walk casually across the slick floor , eye pan the area . Eddie sit casually watch a game on one of he monitor screen . eddie we already have that false alarm , you ask I , the goddamn computer send you out on another wild goose chase . they be chase bug in that system since they install it . ( to the screen ) oh , shit , come on , I get fifty buck on you asshole -- ! Powell 's face show we he 's start to think he 's waste he time . 152-b - out out 152-b 153 153 153-a with mcclane 153 - a the silent tension be drive he crazy . mcclane come on , come on ... who 's in that car , stevie wonder ? he make up he mind . he lift one of the big chair and swing it at the window . the tempere glass whiten on the first blow . 153-b ext . roof 153 - B James see the glass whiten below he and shout into he mike . 153-c int . machine floor 153- C heinrich hear the radio and shout to Marco who grab he machine gun and run . 154 int . lobby 154 Eddie watch confidently as Powell move through the lobby look for sign of trouble . 154-a around the corner from powell 154 - a uli be there , gun hold ready . * 155 board room - 34th floor 155 mcclane draw the chair back for the final hit when a terrorist ( marco ) appear at the door . both man react , but Marco already have he gun up . he fire a round at mcclane . the bullet rip into the table top and the chair , and mcclane go down behind the table . 156 - out out 156 - 156-a 156 - a 157 int . 34th floor - board room 157 Marco smile and move around to the other side of the table , but find no one . he look around frantically than squat beneath the table and see : 158 mcclane 158 lie prone , he pistol train on he . mcclane Drop it or you be a rugstain . 159 board room doorway 159 just then heinrich , the terrorist step into the doorway , see the situation . heinrich Marco , duck ! Marco dive sideways , but heinrich still be not quick enough . mcclane fire twice and heinrich drop sprawling in the hallway , machine gun firing blindly until he hit the floor . 159-a hostage floor 159 - a they can faintly hear the gunshot . Holly pale : 159-b the lobby 159 - B all Powell can hear here be " let it snow , let it snow . " he stop just a yard from see the armed terrorist , turn back . powell screw this . he turn back . 159-c the board room 159 - C Marco spring on top of the huge table . mcclane roll on he back so he can cover either angle but it be clear that Marco be in the more enviable position . 160 on marco 160 on the table top slam in a fresh magazine and smile . marco next time -- do not hesitate . he lean he machine gun over the edge . 161 mcclane 161 aim directly above he and fire twice into the underside of the table . the bullet rip through the table and Marco , who drop beside mcclane . mcclane thanks for the advice . 162 out out 162 163 int . lobby - same 163 Powell head for the door . Eddie move to lock up after he . powell sorry to water you time . merry Christmas . Powell go out . 164 int . 34 th floor board room - same 164 mcclane roll out from under the table , go to the window , and look down in time to see Powell head for the car . mcclane oh , man , please , no -- desperate , he lean on the glass ... which crack again , on the verge of go . mcclane think ... look over he shoulder at the body of Marco . 165 int . powell' police car - same 165 Powell check in on he radio . unconsciously he begin to hum the muzak he overhear in the lobby . powell one Adam ten to 6421 . we have a wild goose chase on that 436 . everything 's okay here . over. ( wait , loosen he tie , he murmur ) ' oh , the weather outside be frightful , but the ... the uh , dum , de dum 's delightful ... ' dispatcher voice Roger , one Adam ten . we think it be a crank call anyway . clear to code eight . powell roger. ( put the car into gear ) ' ... let be snow , let it snow , let it snow -- ' suddenly Marco 's body crash onto the hood of he car . powell ( terrify ) -- Jesus H. Christ ! ( grab for he radio ) 6421 , this be one Adam ten -- suddenly a barrage of machine gun FIRE from Alexander on the third floor drown out he call ! Powell duck and flatten against the seat as bullet blow out the front window , cover he in glass . dispatcher voice Roger , one Adam ten , please repeat . but Powell accelerate in reverse away from the building , keep he head low and praying he do not hit anything as the bullet follow he , digging into asphalt . a half block away he car run off the pavement and down a slope , finally bouncing to a jarring halt in a parking lot which be destine to become police h.q. a few page from now . Powell sit up and clutches the mike . powell one Adam ten , under automatic rifle fire at nakatomi ! requesting immediate backup and swat assistance ... 166 int . 34 th floor - board room 166 * mcclane look down at Powell and grin . mcclane welcome to the party , pal . CUT to : 166-a int . office - tv station - same time 166 - a widen from a police scanner . we take in the action here , all color coordination and slickness . richard thornburg , * local tv news reporter , be on the phone to he girlfriend . thornburg * ( into phone ) -- of course I can get we a table , wolfgang and I , we be like that . I interview he ... hold on , * babe ... he cover the mouthpiece , because he 's become aware of what 's come from the scanner . police scanner ( various voice ) -- attention all unit . Officer pin down by automatic weapon fire at nakatomi , century City -- request assistant -- ( etc ) powell' voice ( intermixe with all this ) -- guy , you want to cut through the red tape ? they practically turn this car into swiss cheese -- ! thornburg ( pleased ) all right ...! he drop the phone , pick up another . shout -- thornburg Mary , this be Dick . I want a remote truck and a crew to meet I at the South gate in fifteen minute ... ( listen ) damn right , fifteen ... ( listen ) where be we go ? ( hear gun shot ) for a Emmy ! now , hearing machine gun FIRE , thornburg hang up the second phone . run out of the room . camera pan back to the first phone . woman' voice Richard ? Richard ? 167 ext . century CITY - night 167 siren wail as the first few police car arrive . Powell see they , wave they back , point to the third floor . 168 int . hostage wing - on ellis - same 168 he lean back and close he eye , luxuriate in the sound of wailing police siren . he look at Holly . ellis I never through I would love to hear that sound . 169 han ' office 169 han , Karl , fritz and franco confer . han ( in mid-speech ) -- all of you , stay at you post ! we know that police action be inevitable ... ( a odd smile ) ... in fact , it 's necessary . so let they start they feeble effort ; until they , stay calm . we have the hostage , remember . we be still in charge . suddenly han ' cb crackle to life . han ( pick it up ) I tell all of you ... I want radio silence until further -- intercut : 169-a mcclane - 34th floor - board room 169-a * he 's get a cb on the table and on , and he cop 's notebook be out again . he 's already upgrade the number of terrorist ? to " 12 ( ? ) minus 3 = 9 " and add other information . as he speak he take ammo clip the dead man drop , they sidearm , etc . mcclane gee , I be sorry , han , nobody give I the message . you shoulda put it on the bulletin board . anyway , I think you and franco and Karl and the other boy might be lonely , now that I wax tony and Marco and they buddy . so I invite some of the guy from my card game . in the office , the terrorist react , startle , as mcclane name - drop . franco * how ...how do he know so much about -- han ( wave for silence ) ah , how nice of you to call . I assume you be we mysterious party crasher . you be most troublesome for a ... security guard ? 170 int . 34th floor - on mcclane - intercut 170 * move down the corridor . now armed with Marco 's machine gun and carry heinrich 's kit bag , he seem more lethal . * mcclane ( into cb ) bzzz ! sorry , han , wrong guess . would you like to go for double Jeopardy , where the stake be double and the score really change ? he roll heinrich over and be delighted to find a pack of gauloise 's in the man 's pocket . he take they , pat the * dead man 's face . mcclane ( sotto , to the body ) bad for you health anyway . han who be you , then ? mcclane just the fly in the ointment , han . the monkey in the wrench , the pain in the ass - mcclane stop in mid-speech . he 's just open the kit bag heinrich have over he shoulder when he die . now mcclane take out the content ... dozen and dozen of explosive detonator mark " danger " and a chunk of cello- wrap plastique the size of a electric razor . he whistle in surprise to himself . in the office , han turn off he mike for a moment , turn to Karl . * han check on all the other ... do not use the radio . see if he 's lie about Marco and find out if anyone * else be miss . * he move . han go back onto the cb . meanwhile , mcclane * smile at the tell - tale static as han go off and on . he know what 's happen . now , he start to walk down a corridor , eye panning from elevator to the stairwell door . han Mr. mystery Guest . be you still there ? mcclane I would not think of leave , han . unless you want to open the front door ...? han I be afraid not . but you have I at a loss -- you know my name , but who be you ? ( scornfully ) just another american who see too many movie as a child . another orphan of a bankrupt culture who think he 's John Wayne ... rambo ... marshal dillion . mcclane actually , I be always partial to Roy Rogers . I really dig that sequine shirt . han ( harsh ) do you really think you have a chance against we , Mr. cowboy ? a light blink on the elevator . mcclane ( long pause ) yipee-yi-yea ... mother -fucker . mcclane go quietly through the stairwell door and be go by the time the search party step onto this floor . han sit quietly ... think . 170-a out out 170 - a CUT to : 171 int . 30 th floor - same 171 Karl step off the elevator and go through the crowd of hostage to han . karl ( quietly ) he be not lie about Marco : he 's thirty storey down on the street . the other man be heinrich , and I find he body upstairs . ( pause ; han look alarmed ) and he bag be miss . han he have the detonator ! ( into cb ) theo ? theo ! intercut : 171-a Theo - in safe room 171 - a with kristoff , he have drill two hole in the safe and be work on a third when he hear the cb . he turn off the drill , answer . Theo yo ! han we may have some problem . how be you schedule ? theo move to he computer screen which show a schematic of the safe and blink icon and the word mechanical # 2 and # 2 disabled . Theo Three down , four to go -- han then do not waste time talk to I . suddenly all react to a nearby cb transmitter which broadcast . powell' voice this be sergeant Al Powell of the Los Angeles Police Department . if the person who radioe for help on this channel can hear I , acknowledge this transmission ... I say again ... 172 int . 33rd floor - on mcclane - night 172 * mcclane ( to cb ) I read you , Powell . you the guy in the car ? intercut : 173 ext . police operation trailer 173 Powell stand in front of he destroy cruiser and look up at the building . behind he technician , City power and Light personnel , swat officer in protective gear , etc. , arrive from all direction . a trailer be be back into a parking lot , which will become the police center of operation . it be like watch a small town be construct right before you eye . powell ( to cb ) what 's leave of he . can you identify yourself ? intercut : 173-a han and karl 173 - a listen intently . mcclane maybe later . just listen fast because this be a party line and the neighbor be trigger happy . now here 's the skinny : there 's thirty or so hostage on the 30th floor , with probably 2 or 3 guard to cover a group that size . the leader here be name han , and besides the pea shooter he ventilate you car with , * they get machine gun and * sidearm up the yin yang . on top of that one of them have a big enough chunck of plastic explosive to orbit kate Smith . * note : the follow dialogue be say over mcclane 's . franco we have to find he and shut he up ! he 's tell they everything -- han ( shaking he head , calming ) the police be irrelevant . we have * wait for the FBI . until they * arrive , we can not finish out work . meanwhile , let this fool waste time for the police . fritz , go help uli * find the bag . the camera tightens on he han we must find that detonator . they leave . 173-b with mcclane 173 - B powell' voice how many be there ? mcclane ( think about it ) figure there 's at least one to cover the lobby , a couple with the hostage ... I would say they come in with about a dozen ... but they be down to nine now , include the skydiver you already meet . this guy be mostly european , judge by they clothing label , and they be well finance and very slick . powell how do you know ? mcclane I have see enough phoney id 's in my time to recognize that the one they have get cost a fortune . add all that up and I do not know what the fuck it mean , but this be bad ass prep and they be here to stay . we notice that everything mcclane have say about " clothing " and id 's and police jargon , etc. , have set off a little buzzer in Powell 's brain . powell I hear you ... ( on a hunch ) partner . and LA 's finest be on it , so light them if you get them . mcclane I be ahead of you ... partner . powell uh , what do I call you ? a moment . mcclane smile . what the hell ? mcclane ' Roy ' . powell get it ...' Roy ' . now listen . if you think of anything else you think we need to know , do not be shy , okay ? in the meantime I want you to find a safe place and hole - up and let we do we job . understand ? mcclane ( to cb ) they be all yours , al. good luck . mcclane turn off he cb and sit against the wall . 174 - out out 174 - 176 176 177 ext . police operation - night 177 a unmark police car pull up across the street from nakatomi building and a man in a sportcoat climb out . stocky , he hair a little too perfect , the very fact that he be the deputy Chief of Police Operations on a Christmas Eve give some evidence to he position in the peck order . his name be dwayne T. robinson and he move brusquely past police technician and go to the forward group of officer . robinson who 's talk to they ? Powell turn around powell I be , Sir ... sergeant Al Powell . robinson dwayne Robinson . well , what have you learn ? what do they want ? powell the terrorist ? do not know , Sir . we have not hear a peep from they . robinson ( puzzle ) then who the hell have you be talk too ? powell we do not exactly know , Sir . he will not give we he name . he appear to be the man who call in the report ... he 's kill one of the terrorist for sure and claim he cap two other . robinson ( exasperate ) he claim ? Powell , have it occure to you he could be one of the terrorist , pull you chain ? or some kind of nut case who -- powell I do not think so , Sir . in fact ... I think he 's a cop . maybe not lapd , but definitely a badge . robinson how do you know ? powell a hunch . thing he say . like , know how to recognize a phony id -- robinson ( exasperate ) -- recognize phony id 's ? Christ , Powell , he could be a fuck bartender for all we know ! something draw Robinson 's attention . he look at : 178 he p.o.v . - remote news truck 178 pull up and parking just beyond the barricade . Richard thornburg get out , start supervise the * positioning of camera . 178-a back to scene 178 - a robinson oh shit ... 179 hostage floor 179 han examine building plan at Holly 's desk . behind he the tv be on , the sound mute . tv cop triumph over oafish bad guy . han look up as fritz bring in Holly . holly I ...have a request . han oh ? what idiot put you in charge ? holly ( evenly ) you do . ( on he look ) you murder by boss. now ... ( wave towards the hostage ) they be look to I . personally I would pass on the jab . I do not enjoy be this close to you . han be impressed by she candor . and she 's easy enough on the eye . han go on . holly we have a pregnant woman out there -- ( on he look ) -- relax , she 's not due for two week , but a marble floor be not do she back any good . I would like permission for she to more to one of the office where there 's a sofa . han no . but I will have a sofa bring out to you . good enough ? holly good enough . and unless you like be messy , you would better start take we in group to the bathroom . han ( nod ) yes , you be right . it will be do . he nod to one of he man , and she be wave to the door : as she go : han Mr. takagi choose he people well , Mrs ...? holly gennero . miss gennero . he nod , thoughtful . she go out . han suddenly notice : 180 closer - tv 180 a slide " special bulletin " have appear . this change to a shot of the nakatomi building with " live " super over it . Richard thornburg be in front . the camera tightens on he . thornburg this be Richard thornburg , speak to you live from century City ... where Los Angeles have join the sad but world wide fraternity whose only membership requirement be the awesome spectre of International terrorism ... 181 another tv screen - night 181 as thornburg continue , we pull back . we be with argyle in the back seat of the limo . argyle ( reach for the remote ) what else be new ...? the camera pull back and we see the nakatomi Building rise up in the b.g. behind thornburg . argyle ( stunne ) Holy shit ... thornburg we be tell that the situation begin some two hour ago when a unidentified party of man take over the building and seal off all of its entrance and exit ... argyle be already bail out of the car . 182 ext . limo - in the garage 182 argyle look at the metal gate , swallow . he jump back in the car . 183 back inside 183 argyle pour himself a stiff drink . thornburg ( on tv ) since all the telephone line have be cut , the only contact with the building have be through the use of cb communicator which the terrorist bring with they . strangely enough , so far the terrorist have not communicate directly with the police ... but a unidentified man have have several conversation which seem to indicate ... argyle nearly spill he drink as he lean over the front seat and turn on the cb . CUT to : 184 outside the build - same time 184 Signs of activity along the edge and shadow of the area . Men and vehicle . the SNAP of weapon and breech . footstep run in unison . Powell pick up on this , turn to Robinson , who be stand with the swat Captain , mitchell . powell what 's go on ? robinson what 's it look like ? we be go in . powell ( flabbergasted ) go in ... be you out of you mind ? there 's 30 hostage in there -- for all we know -- robinson -- all we know ? we do not know shit , Powell . if there 's hostage why have not anyone ask for ransom ? if there 's terrorist , where 's they goddamn list of demand ? all we know be that someone shot up you car , and it could be the same flake you have be talk to on the radio ! powell what about the body that fall out of the window -- ? robinson who the hell know ? maybe he be a stockbroker who look at the Dow Jones and opt for early retirement ! mitchell Chief , we be ready . robinson I be come . mitchell ( into radio ) Rivers . river ( over radio ) yo . mitchell begin you reconnoiter . 185 mcclane 185 Inside the building , sadly realize that the marlboro pack have only two more to go . he savor the dregs of he current number , then suddenly become aware of a almost eerie quiet . he move to the window . 186 he p.o.v . - outside 186 hint of activity in the darkness . a light flare extinguish . shadows move on trailer wall . 187 back to scene 187 mcclane ( spook , into cb ) Powell ? Al , you still with I ? what 's go on ? Al ? intercut : 188 outside 188 Powell stiffen . Robinson look at he warningly , shake he head . powell I be here , Roy , but I be , uh , kind of busy . let 's talk later , okay ? mcclane Al , what 's wrong ? do something -- ( realize ) -- oh , God . you be come in ! that 's it , be not it ? Christ , Powell , I tell you what you be deal with here -- powell I say we will talk later , Roy . if you be what I think you be you should know when to listen , when to shut up ... and when to pray . hating himself , Powell disconnect , watch light snap on in the parking lot to illuminate the area . also hat himself , mcclane do the same thing . pale , he move to a window to watch what he know be go to be brutal . 188-a in holly office - han 188 - a he hunch over he communicator . han they will be come . get ready . theo , watch the screen . be we eye and ear . ( pause ) wait until they be close . 188-b eddie 188-b slip away from the desk , a computer card in he hand . he meet up with another terrorist and they move behind a slit in the wall . Eddie wave he card at the sensor and a metal grid crash into place . they hold they weapon behind it , ready . 188-c various shot - terrorist - on other floors 188-c all now with earplug in they cb 's , take up position : 189 at the lobby door 189 the swat team leader move in sop style to the door , scan it carefully . 189-a ext . century CITY - on mitchell and robinson - 189-a police barricade Mitchell listen to cb radio . river ( over radio ) we be in position . Mitchell look at Robinson , who be visible tense . Robinson hesitates , then give he approval with a nod . mitchell ( to cb ) go. 190 quick shot - inside the lobby 190 the security cameras on the wall pan and zoom : 191 the vault door 191 kristoff drill away , be reward with the message fifth lock deactivate . do you wish to continue ? nearby , theo sit at a bank of monitor . screen after screen pinpoint all the police activity outside , down to the last detail . theo smile . suddenly we recognize that tune he 's be whistling . it 's " singin ' in the rain . " Theo ( into a throat mike ) it be the night before Xmas , and all through the house , not a creature be stir , expect for the four asshole come in the rear in standard 2 X 2 cover formation . 192 int . lobby - night 192 Eddie and another terrorist , uli , take up prone fire position , use the gap in the steel partition like gunpoint . 193 angle on two swat officer 193 Mitchell and Robinson watch from behind the cover of a police car as the swat officer remove a portable welding torch and begin cut they way through the lock . 194 int . 33rd floor - mcclane 194 he move painfully to the window and look out . he can not see a thing because of the light . mcclane ( to himself ) no ... 195 ext . police barricade - on mitchell and robinson 195 suddenly rifle fire sound from the building . robinson ( worriedly ) they be shoot at they mitchell ( calmly ) it 's panic fire ... they can not see anything . powell ( under breath ) they be shoot at the light . more shot ring out from the building go over the swat officer ' head and suddenly the huge dome of one of the spotlight shatter behind Mitchell and Robinson 's head . the glow fade . a moment later the next light twenty foot away die . robinson they be go after the light ! the two swat officer cut the garage eat suddenly look up as they cover start to disappear . robinson call they back . mitchell no , they be almost in . suddenly the third and fourth light be shot out and the swat man become sit duck . 196 in holly office - han 196 he calmly speak into he cb . han do not get impatient . just wound they . 197 int . lobby 197 Eddie and uli fire . they hit one of the officer in the leg , the second one in the arm . 198 ext . police barricade - on mitchell and robinson 198 mitchell ( on radio ) send in the car ! a armored car wheel toward the building and start toward the wounded man . 199 int . roof -machine room / service elevator - same 199 jame and Alexander quickly load two crate onto the service elevator and push the button for the 3rd floor . as the car start down , they remove a anti-tank gun from one of the crate . 200 with Theo - watching screen 200 Theo well , what have we here . the police have get themselves a r.v. James , Alexander , southeast corner . 201 int . 3rd floor - same 201 the service elevator arrive on the 3rd floor and James and Alexander move across the room toward the window with the anti-tank weapon . at the window , they prepare the weapon for use . outside the window the armored car have stop in front of the wounded man and paramedics quickly load they in from the shelter side of the vehicle . Alexander quickly sight on the armored car . alexander ( to han , cb ) I have they han ' voice ( o.s. , over cb ) Fire . 202 ext . the armore car 202 a blast roar from the third floor window and the shell hit the armored car . the car pitch forward like a beast whose front leg have be shot out from under it -- its front axle destroy , unable to move . Alexander look back at James and grin . 203 30 th floor - han 203 he watch from he window . coldly pick up he cb . han hit it again . 204 mcclane 204 listen . he pick up he cb . mcclane han , you motherfucker , you have make you point . let they pull back ! han ' voice thank you Mr. cowboy , I will take it under advisement . his it again . mcclane slump to the floor below the window . he feel helpless , then notice he kit bag . 205 3rd floor 205 James run back to the crate on the elevator . 206 ext . police barricade - on robinson and mitchell 206 they look on in horror as the armored car sit helplessly on fire . on the police radio channel we hear the scream of man inside . mitchell ( to radio ) Rivers ! rodriguiz !... report ... river ( voice over ; on radio , yell ) this be Rivers . we have get one dead . everybody 's hit . rodriguiz 's bleed bad . we have get to get the fuck out of here ! mitchell ( to radio ) Rivers , hang on ! that 's a order ! hang on , we will get you out . 207 int . elevator car - 3rd floor - same 207 James open the box of shell and take two and start back across the room . 208 int . 33rd floor - close on a shape on plastic 208 explosive - same like a football . it sit on the seat of a secretary 's chair with castor . we pull back to see mcclane press three detonator into the top , then cover the explosive with a typewriter , tie it securely in place with electrical cord . 209 angle on service elevator - mcclane 209 wheel the chair to the service elevator , open the door and block they with a fire axe . he look in -- the top of the car can just be see thirty - five floor below . 210 int . 3rd floor 210 James hand the shell to Alexander , who expertly load it into the anti-tank gun . alexaneder lift the gun to he shoulder and aim . 211 int . 38 th floor 211 mcclane push the chair into the shaft . mcclane geronimo ... motherfucker . for a long moment there be nothing , then : the shaft be fill with light , then SOUND -- a ungodly roar -- and mcclane be throw back across the elevator corridor against the other back of door by the concussion wave . 212 on the 3rd floor 212 the explosion , like a firestorm , rip across the floor : 213 blowing out the machine gun next and jame and 213 alexander 214 shatter window 214 215 sending desk , chair , phone , and typewriter 215 flying 216 ext . avenue of the star 216 the police take cover behind they car . Powell , Robinson , and Mitchell look like they have see the face of God as the building rock from the blast . Henry 's cigarette fall from he mouth as a desk be send hurtle across Avenue of the star into the tree across the street . 217 int . underground parking garage - on william - same 217 watch it on tv , feel it all around he . william oh , Jesus ... 218 ext . down on the STREET - same 218 Dick thornburg 's crew be taping . thornburg ( in awe ) unreal . ( to the cameraman ) do you get all that ? cameraman yep . thornburg look at he competitor still set up . thornburg eat you heart out , Channel four . 219 - out out 219 - 221 221 222 on hostage floor 222 the hostage be shake and the terrorist guard they be not too sure of themselves either . only han be relatively calm . franco they be use artillery on we -- ! han you idiot , it 's not the police ... ( pause ) ... it 's he . 223 angle on holly 223 she comfort Ginny . 224 int . 32nd floor - mcclane - same 224 he sit up and lift the cb . mcclane Al ! Al , the guy in the car , do they make it ? intercut : 225 ext . powell 225 on the street , watch as the survivor be pull out of the wreck and to safety . powell ( on cb ) safe and sound , thanks to you . what the fuck be that ? mcclane the plastique I find . ( worried ) be the building on fire ? powell no , but it 's gonna need one hell of a paint job and a shitload of screen door . ( look off , nodd ) one spotter say you get two with that blast . mcclane two ? be you sure ? before Powell can answer Robinson come run up to he . robinson be that he ? powell yessir . robinson ( reach for Powell 's cb ) give I that . ( angrily at mcclane ) now , listen to I , mister , I do not know what you think you be do , but demolosh a building do not fall under the definition of ' help ' ! there 's hundred of people out here and you cover half of they in piece of glass -- mcclane Glass , my ass ! who the fuck be this ? robinson this be deputy Chief of Police dwayne T. Robinson , and I be in charge of this situation . mcclane lean tiredly against the elevator door . mcclane well , from up here , it look like you be in charge of shit , dwayne . I have not see such a fuck up operation since the bride of frankenstein . ask the guy in the armored car if they minded a little fly glass . robinson listen asshole -- ! mcclane ( explode ) asshole ? I be not the one who just for butt fuck on national tv , dwayne ! now if you be not part of the solution , stop be part of the problem ! get off the goddamn radio and put Al back on ! mcclane be so furious , he 's out of breath . 226 int . limo - argyle - same 226 argyle nod in agreement . argyle tell them , Mr. Mac ! tell them ! 227 int . 33rd floor - on mcclane 227 still seethe . there be a long pause on the cb , then : powell' voice hello , Roy . how're you feel ? mcclane ( piss ) pretty fuck unappreciate . intercut : 228 on powell 228 other officer , include Robinson , monitor the conversation . powell hey , I love you . ( look around ) so do a lot of the guy . so hang in there , man . hang in there . mcclane ( tired , touch ) thanks ... partner . 229 tv - close 229 as it snap on . we be in the studio set . gail ( as the picture stabilize ) ...of the nakatomi building , source say that the terrorist leader ' han ' may be this man , han gruber . a slide of han appear behind she . at the same time , the camera pull back . we realize we be on the hostage floor , and han have just turn on the set out here for he " guest " . he smile modestly as they " recognize " he from the on air shot , return to the office . gail ( on tv ) a member of the radical West german volksfrei movement . strangely , the volksfrei leadership issue a communique a hour ago state that gruber have be expell from the organization and be operate on he own . harvey ( on tv ) obviously , gail whatever he affiliation , it 's safe to say that gruber 's terrorist action in Los Angeles tonight be well , terroristic ... as the bullshit continue , Ellis suddenly stand , head towards the terrorist " office " . immediately the chief guard here , fritz , move to intercept Ellis . holly where be you go ? ellis I be tired of sit here wait to see who get we kill first ... they ... or you husband . ( to the approach fritz ) hi there . holly ( worried ) what be you go to do ? ellis hey , I negotiate million dollar deal for breakfast . I can handle this clown . ( to fritz ) I want to talk to han . han ! sprickenzie talk ? he do not wait for a answer . fritz follow he . Holly worry . 230 the office 230 karl ( in mid-speech , angry ) -- you would not let I kill he when I have the chance -- han if you would listen to I he would be neutralize already ! karl I do not want neutral ... I want dead -- all turn at a rap on the door . Ellis be there . ellis hope I be not interrupt ...? han ( to fritz ) what do he want ? as fritz shrug : ellis it 's not what I want , it 's what I can give you . look , let 's be straight , okay ? it 's obvious you be not some dumb thug up here to snatch a few purse , be I right ? Karl look at Ellis and then at han , as if to say , let I plug this asshole right now . but han be either amused of curious or bored enough to shake he head , turn back to Ellis . han ( politely ) you be very perceptive . ellis ( flatter ) hey , I read the papers , I watch 60 minute , I say to myself , this guy be professional , they be motivate , they be happen . they want something . now , personally , I do not care about you politics . maybe you be piss at the camel jockey , maybe it 's the hebe , Northern Ireland , that 's none of my business . I figure , you be here to negotiate , be I right ? han you be amazing . you figure this all out already ? ellis hey , business be business . you use a gun , I use a fountain pen , what 's the difference ? to put it in my term , you be here on a hostile takeover and you grab we for some greenmail but you do not expect a poison pill be gonna be run around the building . ( smile ) han , baby ... I be you white knight . han ( dryly ) I must have miss 60 Minutes . what be you say ? ellis the guy upstairs who 's fuck thing up ? I can give he to you . as han react with real interest for the first time , we : CUT to : 231 powell 231 by the cb . he suddenly react to a groan from mcclane . powell Roy ! you all right ? 232 inside - mcclane 232 he 's by a open desk drawer , have just rip open a package of twinky he 's find . he grimace , mouth full . mcclane yeah , just try to handle some year old twinky . yucck . what do they put in this thing ? powell ( recite ) ' sugar , enrich flour , partially hydrogenate vegetable oil , polysorbate 60 and yellow dye # 5 . ' mcclane ( laugh ) you sound like a man with a couple of kid . powell not yet , the wife in work on we first . you get any kid back on the ranch ? mcclane swallow twinkie with a grimace , take out he wallet , flip it open to a picture of himself and Holly and the kid in happier day . mcclane two . and I would sure like to see they swinging on the jungle gym with Al junior . powell it 's a date . you buy the ice cream . mcclane laugh , stare at the photo , when suddenly another voice besides Powell 's come over he radio . han ' voice ( o.s. , on cb ) touch , cowboy , touch . ( pause ) or should I call you mister mcclane ? mister officer John mcclane on the nypd ? mcclane freeze . how much do they know ? 233 thornburg - in trailer 233 react , gleeful , write down the name . thorson ( to Mary ) get on the phone to we New York affiliate ... move , move ! 234 powell 234 react , signal a aide , who 's already write , too . intercut : 235 mcclane and han 235 mcclane ( fight to stay calm ) sister Teresa in third grade call I Mr. mcclane . my friend call I John Mac . you be neither ... shithead . han ' voice I have someone who want to talk to you . a very special friend who be at the party with you tonight . mcclane 's face fall . oh , God . eye close , he wait for the voice that tell he it 's all over . ellis ' voice hello , John boy ? mcclane 's eye open , show equal part of shock and hope . in the office , camera adjust to show Ellis as han give he the cb . mcclane Ellis ? Ellis have a cigarette , and a terrorist bring he a diet coke . ellis John , they be give I a few minute to try and talk some sense into you . I know you think you be do you job , and I can appreciate that , but you be just drag this thing out . none of we get out of here until this people can negotiate with the LA police , and they be just not gonna start do that until you stop mess up the work . mcclane ( carefully ) Ellis , what have you tell they ? ellis I tell they we be old friend and you be my guest at the party . mcclane sigh , partially relieved . han meanwhile , narrow he eye . mcclane Ellis ... you should not be do this ... ellis tell I about it . he look at han , who give he a nod . ellis all right ... John , listen to I ... they want you to tell they where the detonator be . they know people be listen . they want the detonator of they be go to kill I . Ellis give han a big " ok " sign . han return it . 236 int . police trailer - on powell , robinson - same 236 and other listen intently . mcclane close he eye and lean he head back again . he know what be go to happen , even if this poor bastard Ellis do not . ellis ' voice John , do not you hear I ? mcclane ( to cb , quietly ) yeah , I hear you , you fuck moron ! ellis John , I think you could get with the program a little . the police be here now . it 's they problem . tell this guy where the detonator be so no one else get hurt . hey , I be put my life on the line for you buddy ... mcclane do not you think I know that ! put han on ! han , listen to I , that shithead do not know what kind of scum you be , but I do -- han good . then you will give we what we want and save you friend 's life . you be not part of this equation . it 's time to realize that . say this , han take out he gun , point it at Ellis , smile . Ellis smile , too . ellis what be I , a method actor ? han , babe , put away the gun . this be radio , not television ... mcclane that asshole 's not my friend ! I barely know he ! I hate he fuck gut -- ( desperately sincere ) -- Ellis , for Christ 's sake , tell he you do not mean shit to I -- ellis John , how can you say that , after all this year --? John ? John ? Ellis look at han and shrug , " well , I try ... " han nod understandingly . he take the cb , press the talk button , and in one frighteningly smooth motion bring the walther up to Ellis ' forehead and pull the trigger . CUT to : 237 int . 33rd floor - mcclane 237 he be expect the shot but it still chill he . 238 30 th floor - holly and hostage 238 she lower she head sadly . around she , the other go crazy as they see Ellis ' blood splatter on the glass wall on han ' office . 239 int . han ' office - on han 239 he throw open the door to let mcclane and the police hear the scream of the hostage . han hear that ? talk to I , where be my detonator . where be they or shall I shoot another one ? sooner or later ... ( take a shot ) ... I might get to someone you do care about . mcclane ( after a beat ) go fuck yourself . he disconnect . 240 ext . build 240 Powell fend off Robinson , who want the cb . robinson goddamn , do not you hear he ! he practically pull the goddamn trigger himself -- he give that man to they -- powell Christ , can not you read between the line ! he do everything he could to save he ... if he give himself up they would both be dead ! robinson maybe . and maybe they would at least be talk to we ! now tell you ' partner ' to stay out of it , or so help I if he life through this I will put he behind bar myself ! powell ( amused ) he 's alone , tired , hunt , and have not see diddly - squat from we and you think he give a fly fuck about what you be go to do to he ? Robinson , wake up and smell the shit you be shoveling ! robinson ( cold ) anytime you want to go home , sergeant ... consider yourself dismiss . they lock eye . powell no Sir . you could not drag I away . han ' voice ( over cb ) attention police . attention police . it 's ass and elbow time . tape recorder be start . powell ( start to speak ) this be -- robinson ( take the cb away ) this be deputy Chief Robinson . who be this ? intercut : 241 han ' office 241 han this be han gruber . I assume you realize the futility of direct action against I . we have no wish for further loss of life . robinson what do you wish for , mister gruber ? han I have comrade in arm around the world who be languish in prison . the american State Department enjoy rattling its saber to its own end ... now it can rattle it for I . intercut : 242 mcclane 242 listen to this with expression range from astonishment to dismay to outright derisive amusement . han ' voice ... the follow people be to be release from they captor : in Northern Ireland , the seven member of the New provo Front . in Canada , the five imprison leader of liberte de Quebec ... 243 han ' office 243 han ... in Sri Lanka , the nine member of the asian Dawn movement ... karl ( sotto ) ' asian Dawn Movement ? ' han ( off-mike , a shrug ) I read about they in time magazine . ( on mike ) when this Revolutionary Brothers and sister be free , the hostage in this building will be take to the roof and they will accompany we in helicopter to the Los Angeles International Airport where you will be give further instruction . you have two hour to comply . robinson two hour ? be you insane ? I can not authorize ... hello ? hello ? karl do you think they will even try to do it ? han who care ? ( on another channel ) theo . be we on schedule ? intercut : 244 vault room 244 theo and kristoff have be reward with another lock deactivate . Theo * one more to go ... then it 's up to you . the graphic on he screen flash : " warning : electro - * magnetic seal armed . " * Theo and you better be right , because this one 's go to take a miracle . han * it 's Christmas , theo , it 's the time of miracle . so be of good cheer and call I when you hit the last lock . ( disconnect ) Karl ... hunt the little shit down and get that detonator . * karl franco be check the explosive , fritz be with he . han I will check the explosive . you just get that detonator . 245 mcclane - 32nd floor 245 as he talk , he essentially patrol the floor he 's stake out , constantly look into every dark corner , gun hold ready , move toward the stairwell . mcclane Al ? Al , you there ? powell I be here , cowboy . mcclane speak of cow , do you ever hear so much bullshit in you life ? two hour ? that do not even make any sense -- powell do not tell I , partner . I be just a desk jockey who be on the way home when you ring . mcclane the way you drive that car , I figure you for the street . powell in my youth , partner . in my youth . 246 int . tv studio - night 246 gail and harvey have company , a man from the Senator Paul Simon 's school of groom . gail ( in mid-speech ) ... author of ... ( hold up a copy ) ' hostage / terrorist , terrorist / hostage , a Study in duality . ' Dr. hasseldorf , what can we expect in the next few hour ? hasseldorf well , gail , by this time the hostage and they captor should be enter the early stage of the Helsinki syndrome . harvey as in Helsinki , Sweden ? 247 control room 247 Sam sigh , shake he head . hasseldorf ( over monitor ) uh ... Finland . basically , it 's when the hostage and the terrorist go through a sort of psychological transference and projection of dependency ... 248 int . nakatomi - hostage floor 248 fritz drag Ellis ' body out of the office and throw it on the floor . hasseldorf ( over han ' tv ) what can only be describe as a strange sort of trust and bond develop ... we have have situation where hostage have embrace they captor after they release and in one case even correspond with they in prison ... 249 int . build - machine floor 249 han turn , look up at the ceiling . too dim up there to see from here . he sigh , set he gun down on a buttress , start to climb up , not enjoy it . 250 - out out 250 - 253 253 CUT to : 254 outside the build 254 Robinson look at a young cop , react , startle : robinson the ... the FBI ? here ? now ? young cop yessir . right over there . Robinson look at Powell , adjust he clothing , fix he tie . powell ( dryly ) you want a breath mint ? Robinson glare at he , then they move together towards : 255 a big dark government car 255 headlights still on , dominate the area where it sit . Robinson step up , see : 256 he p.o.v . - FBI agent 256 they get out . one big back light silhouette , one little one . big johnson ( show badge ) I be special agent Johnson of the FBI . this be agent Johnson ... no relation . robinson ( step forward , plastic smile ) dwayne Robinson , lapd . I be in charge here . big johnson not any more . as Robinson react , we go to : 257 the mechanical floor - tight on han 257 he check the plastique , not pleased . he turn , drop to the floor . 258 low angle 258 he land , knee bent ... look directly at a pair of bare feet . a gun barrel drop into the shot close to he head . mcclane lose ? 259 new angle 259 a moment . and then han turn , look up . the transformation in he expression and bear be mind - boggle . hand shaking , eye fill with fear , he swallow , look up at mcclane and in a perfect american accent say : han -- ohGodplease -- do not kill I -- do not kill I -- you be one of they , I know it -- mcclane ( throw , unsure ) whoa , whoa , easy man . I will not hurt you . who be you ? what be you look for ? han ' eye dart towards : 260 the buttress ten feet away 260 where a tiny piece of he gun stick out , barely visible . 261 back to scene 261 han a way up to the roof ... I think I could signal for help -- he start in that direction . mcclane forget it . they get a guy up there . you want to stay alive , keep move . hey ? you hear I ? han realize this tack will not work . he follow mcclane . han you ... you be a american ? mcclane ( friendly , ease the man 's fear ) only if New Jersey count . it work . the poor frighten civilian show a hint of a smile . CUT to : 261-a outside build 261 - a robinson ( in mid-speech to FBI ) we have get thirty , maybe thirty - five hostage , probably on the 30th floor ... seven , maybe eight terrorist . little johnson ( to Big Johnson ) sound like a standard a-7 scenario . Big Johnson nod in agreement , turn to Robinson . big johnson thank you . we will handle it from here . when we need to commandeer you man , we will try and let you know . he start to move away with he partner . powell ( angry ) be not you forget something ? Johnson and Johnson turn . Robinson want Powell to shut up . big johnson such as ...? powell ( point to the building ) John mcclane ! he 's the man who give we all the information we have get ! he 's the reason you be face seven terrorist instead of twelve . little johnson he 's inside ? who be he ? robinson ( nodd ) he may be a cop ... we be check on that -- big johnson one of yours ? robinson ( too quickly ) no , sir . big johnson ( after a moment ) if he 's not a terrorist , and he 's not a hostage ... he 's just not part of the equation . they start to walk away . powell ( indignant ) t...that 's the same goddamn thing the terrorist say ! little johnson ( interested ) really ? ( to Big Johnson ) that 's one good thing . sound like we be deal with pro . they leave . CUT to : 262 the computer floor 262 mcclane and han walk together . han be still a " nervous wreck . " han ( nodd ) there be a party -- celebration -- all of a sudden they be there -- shoot -- threaten we -- 263 closer shot 263 mcclane look at this poor civilian , on the edge of go to piece . he put he hand on he shoulder . mcclane relax , man ... you smoke ? han nod , still " frighten " . mcclane take out he spoil of war , the marlboros . two leave . he sigh , take one , offer the other one with a expression like a little boy force to share a cookie . mcclane take out a lighter , do he and han ' . han nod , grateful ... then peer at mcclane . han you ... you do not work for nakatomi ... and if you be not one of they ... mcclane I be a cop from New York . han ( puzzle ) New York ... mcclane ( explain ) they invite I to the Xmas party . who know ? han ' eye take in he bare foot . mcclane better than be catch with you pants down , right ? ( extend he hand ) John mcclane . han ( shaking hand ) William clay . ( smile ) call I Bill . mcclane nod , friendly like , and he eye glance casually over at : 264 the wall - a roster of nakatomi employees 264 in alphabetical order . camera move over the " c 's " : campbell , S. : clay , wm. : crawford , l... pan back to clay . 265 back to scene 265 mcclane Bill , you know how to use a handgun ? han ( hesitant ) one weekend I go to a combat ranch ... ( apologetic ) you know , that game with the , the gun that shoot red paint ? must sound pretty silly to you ... mcclane sound better than nothing . mcclane take out he baretta , pop out the magazine , jam in a fresh one and hand it to he . mcclane time for the real thing . mcclane turn , move on ...we stay on he until he react to a click . he slowly turn : 265-a new angle 265 - a han be ... well , han again , from expression to posture . he hold the pistol aim at mcclane 's face and talk calmly into he radio in german . han Karl ! franco ! I be on 33 . come quickly . ( to mcclane ) put down you gun and give I my detonator . mcclane just look at he . mcclane han . you han . han ( nod , indicate mcclane 's gun again ) put it down now . mcclane that be tricky , with the accent . I bet you do a great Ed Sullivan . why do you need the detonator , han ? I already use the explosive . han I be go to count to three ... mcclane ( cold ) yeah . like you do with takagi . mcclane raise he machine gun , aim at han . han pull the trigger . click . astonishment . click -click-click . mcclane step in carefully , reclaim he pistol . mcclane you think I be a shmuch , han . han pale as we hear the ding of a approach elevator . han you be say . mcclane whirl in time to see : 266 - out out 266 - 269 269 260 karl , franco and fritz 270 come out of it , firing . 271 back to scene 271 mcclane fire back , kill fritz . Karl and franco take cover . mcclane duck into a water cooler alcove , look back at : 272 where han be 272 he 's go , a swinging office door the only evidence of he pass . 273 back to scene 273 mcclane curse himself , then retreat into a : 273-a - out out 273-a - 273-i 273- I 274 bank of computer 274 where he duck and dodge as bullet ping and ricochet all around he . ducking , roll , he fire at : 275 franco 275 mcclane 's bullet rake he middle , throw he over a desk , he weapon flying : 276 closer 276 he slide right into a glass door . it smashes around he head . Bright arterial blood fountain up : 277 mcclane 277 hope rise at the prospect of a equal battle , he face suddenly fall as bullet fly in from a unexpected direction . he turn : 278 han 278 have reappear and snatch up franco 's weapon . 279 mcclane 279 fire , move , try to keep from bring flanke . one of he shot shatter a glass panel , raining down shard near han , who escape with only superficial scratch . 280 han 280 look at the glass around he , get a idea . he shout to Karl in german : han the glass ! shoot the glass ! and , say this , he demonstrate . Karl follow suit . 281 mcclane 281 as glass fly everywhere , mcclane see one option , take it . blasting a burst to keep they head down , he whirl , jump on top of a long counter and run across the room . they bullet follow he , six inch behind he move form ! Big cray unit groan with electronic squeal and SPARKS as a million gigabytes go to ram heaven . mcclane reach the end of the counter , dive and roll to the floor : 282 he foot 282 go right down on a jag shard . he groans , keep go : 283 stairwell door 283 he 's out , go , safe ! 284 back to scene 284 Karl look piss as hell . behind he , han sift through rubble , then come over , smile . he 's hold the bag of detonator . han smile , Karl . we be back in business . CUT to : 285 int . tv trailer 285 hasseldorf ( on monitor here ) ... all depend on what we mean by " terror . ' if clauswitz could say ' War be the last resort of deplomacy , ' could not we just as well say that terrorism have a equal claim to ... Mary come inside , grin ear to ear . thornburg look up from he danish , a cute little chin napkin protect he shirt collar . thornburg you get something ? mary ( wave a paper ) just mcclane 's name , badge number , police record , vital statistic ... ( the ringer ) ... and he family 's address right here in l.a . as thornburg grins we go to : 286 hostage floor 286 Eddie and uli be guard the hostage . han and Karl return . han toss the bag of detonator to uli , who grin , leave . 287 holly and ginny 287 Holly have watch all this nervously . but Ginny 's eye follow Karl , who do not share the mood of the other . ginny that one look piss , Ms. gennero ... holly ( relieved ) thank god. ( explain ) he 's still alive . CUT to : 288 upstair - washroom 288 the door jar open . mcclane all but crawl inside . as he pass the camera we see he drag foot leave a trail of blood on the linoleum . CUT to : 289 vault room - same time 289 theo and kristoff react , delighted , as they get the message sixth lock deactivate . suddenly a buzzer sound and the graphic flash : " electromagnetic seal engaged . cannot be disarmed at this location . terminate sequence ( y/n ) ? " Theo you better heat up that miracle * you be talk about . we break through on number six , and the electromagentic come down like a sledgehammer ... intercut : 290 han ' office 290 han ( unphase ) * well have a look at what we friend outside be do and I will be right up . 291 int . bathroom - night 291 wincing in pain , mcclane wash he foot in a sink basin . he wash a deep cut , soap it , but the pain do not relent . when a voice speak , he jump , realize it 's the cb . powell ( on cb ) Roy ? you still with we ? mcclane yeah . but all thing be equal , I would rather be in Philadelphia . by the way , chalk up two more terrorist . intercut : 292 powell - outside 292 powell they boy will be glad . we get a pool go on you . mcclane try to wrap paper towel on the foot but he grimace show that be still hurt like hell . mcclane ( through he tooth ) yeah ? what 's the odd ? powell you do not want to know . suddenly remember a nypd course in first aid from ten year ago , mcclane remove the improvise bandage , check the cut more carefully . mcclane ( as he work ) put I down for twenty anyway ... I be good for it ... so , what get you off the street , Al ? you like lousy coffee , or what ? Powell do not answer right away . at the same time , mcclane swallow , see a gleam inside he foot . he gingerly probe , and pull out a shard of glass almost three inch long from its angle gash , he mouth twisted in a silent scream all the way . powell' voice I ... realize I could not do what I have to anymore ... at least not out there . I have a ... accident . mcclane throw the glass across the room , forehead bath in sweat . mcclane ( weakly ) they way you drive , I can see why . powell ( beat , serious ) I ... I shot a kid . realizing what he 's hearing for the first time , mcclane 's face shift to a new kind of pain . powell ( soft ) eleven year ago . oh , it be dark ... he be big for he age ... damn ray gun he have look real enough ... yeah , I have all the right excuse ... but afterwards ... I really could not draw my gun again . mcclane I ... I be sorry . I do not mean to make a joke of it . powell ( offhand ) hey , you could not know . mcclane I still feel like shit . powell then this will not matter . ( reluctantly ) lapd 's not call the shot anymore . and as mcclane react we go to : 293 int . vault room - night 293 han and theo lean over a monitor watch a dwp truck near the parking garage . Theo * ( tapping the screen ) there 's the city engineer ... they be go into the street circuit ... but who be this guy in the suit ? han that 's the FBI ... order they to cut * the building 's power . they be as regular as clockwork ... or a time lock ... on theo 's look : han ... the circuit that can not be cut ... be cut automatically in reponse to a terrorist incident ... you ask for miracle , theo ... I give you the FBI ... Theo when you be hot , you be hot . CUT to : * 294 ext . build 294 as we see on theo 's screen , the johnson and Robinson and Powell be my a manhole with a CITY engineer . a big control BOX be there , cable snake into the ground where another CITY worker finish welding a last connection . guy in manhole we be splice in down the line . little johnson do it ...now . the engineer throws giant lever . Inside the manhole , SPARKS sizzle and massive contact clunk . 295 the build 295 one by one , all the light on all the floor go out . 296 mcclane 296 in the bathroom , rip off he shirt and tie it around he foot , he react -- mcclane ( into cb ) Powell ? what 's go on ? intercut : 297 outside 297 powell ( watch the other ) ask the FBI . they have get the terrorist playbook and they be run it , step by step . mcclane react , worried ; he know better . 298 the hostage 298 groan with this new problem : 299 the vault room 299 theo and kristoff and han huddle over the computer monitor screen as if it be a warm fireplace . theo point to the computer screen ; all they can do be wait . we hear the humm of a portable generator . the light go off . the computer screen stay on . theo look over at the safe . 300 safe LED readout 300 it still read " fiber optic time lock cannot be disarmed at this location . terminate sequence ( y/n ) ? " 301 back to scene 301 kristoff damn ! it do not go ! Theo they be on the building circuit ... it 's too local . han encourage they to be bolder . Theo the only thing leave for they be the City grid ... ( worried , type ) ... they may not do it . 302 ext . build 302 just as the johnson be look smug ... all the floor go back on , one by one ! little johnson shit ! ( turn , to the engineer ) cut it again . go wider . engineer I can not go wider here ... ( to Robinson , look for help ) ... I would have to call downtown have they take down one of the city grid ... you be talk ten square block -- robinson -- ten block ? ( to Big Johnson ) be you crazy ? it 's Christmas Eve , thousand of people -- the Mayor will scream bloody murder -- big johnson ( ignore Robinson , to the engineer ) we must shut down the building . go wider --! engineer I need authorization -- big johnson authorization ? how about the United States Fucking government ? lose the grid or lose you job ! the engineer look at Robinson . no help . the engineer look at he guy in the manhole , shrug . no choice . engineer ( take phone ) Central . this be Walt , out at nakatomi . I want you to shut down grid 212 . ( listen ) no shit , it 's my ass . just shut it down now . pause ... pause ... and then the floors of the build all go out again . 303 in the vault room 303 emergency lighting flick on . a alarm " beep - beep -beep . " 304 the LED readout on the safe 304 change to " fiber optic time lock deactivate at source . seventh lock disengaged . " 305 back to scene 305 with a dramatic hum worthy of 2001 , the vault door open ! 306 outside 306 the FBI guy look at the dark building , than at the lapd guy . big johnson that should shake them up . with all the power shut down , that bastard be probably scared shitless . 307 in the vault room 307 the safe door finish its ponderous move , clunk to a halt . theo and kristoff laugh , give each other high fives . even han lose he usual cool , slap theo on the back as theo and kristoff cheer . CUT to : 308 thornburg's tv truck 308 drive along a residential street . we see the nakatomi tower in the b.g. , spotlit by the police beam . thornburg check a map , point a turn out to the driver . CUT to : 309 outside the nakatomi build 309 Powell look up at the dark structure light only by emergency lighting . he sidle over to the FBI man . powell ( dryly ) what do we do now , arrest they for not pay they electric bill ? little johnson ( sharply ) we let they sweat awhile . then , when they be expect helicopter ... ( pause ) ... we give they helicopter ... big johnson ( nodd ) right up the ass . ( into another communicator ) this be Johnson ... no the other one . I want that air support ready to lift off in five minute ... damn right fully armed . we be on we way . ( into cb ) attention in the building . intercut : 310 vault room 310 han talk while theo and kristoff tackle the problem of unload the rack and rack of bond and transfer they to the black case . han this be han ... big johnson this be agent Johnson of the FBI . the State Department have arrange for the release of you comrade . the helicopter you request be on the way . han I hear you , FBI . we will be ready . he disconnect , smile at theo . han when they touch down and we blow the roof , they will spend a month sifting through the body and rubble . by the time they figure out what go wrong ... ( smile at the irony ) ... we will be earning twenty percent like nice fat capitalist . big johnson ( disconnect , grin ) by the time he figure out what hit he he will be in a body bag . the johnson exit . Powell and Robinson look at each other , unhappy . Powell 's cb hiss -- mcclane's voice Powell , listen ... Powell move off to be alone . intercut : 311 int . bathroom 311 powell I be here , John . mcclane try walk on he foot . he wince in pain , clearly at the end of he resource . mcclane ( long pause ) look ... I be get a bad feel up here ... I would like you to do something for I . look up my wife ... do not ask how , you will know by then ... and tell she ... tell she ... I have be a jerk . when thing pan out for she , I should have be behind she all the way ... we have something great go until I screw it up ... she be the best thing that ever happen to a bum like I . she 's hear I say I love you a thousand time , but she never get to hear this ... honey ... I be sorry . ( pause ) you get all that ? powell ( clearly touch ) I get it . but you can tell she yourself . just watch you ass and you will make it . mcclane I hope so . but that 's up to the guy upstairs . ( pause ; strike by a think ) upstair ... ( think , to himself ) ... han , you bastard ... what be you do ? powell Roy ? mcclane stand by , Powell . I gotta check something out . he move towards the door , limping hurriedly out of the room . CUT to : 312 holly front door 312 thornburg 's get one foot literally in the doorway , but since paulina still have the chain on , it 's not quite enough . thornburg ( to paulina ) one minute , that 's all we ask . you could be deny they they last chance to talk to they parent . paulina I be sorry ... Mrs. Holly say I could not let stranger into -- thornburg stranger ? I be with kflw tv , that 's affiliate with the fcc , and I be sure you know that 's the United States government ... just like the INS ? as she waver ... CUT to : 313 the mechanical floor 313 mcclane hobble in here , favor he foot . he retrace he step earlier , mentally replaying he meeting with han . mcclane I be here ... he be ... his eye flick over the area ... then he look up . see something , he move closer . he set down he cb and then , with difficulty , he climb up on a thick pipe , flick he lighter and hold its high . 314 he p.o.v. 314 explosive be everywhere . 315 back to scene 315 he react , quickly extinguish the lighter . he follow the detonator line with he eye . mcclane oh my God ... he drop to the floor , wince in pain , pick up he cb . mcclane Powell ! Powell , listen to I ! you be be double cross ! the whole roof of this building be -- suddenly a gun barrel be press against he head . he stiffen . 316 new angle 316 Karl take he baretta , toss it away . then Karl take the cb . smiling , Karl smashes the transmitter underfoot . CUT to : 317 ext . build - police line 317 Powell be beside one of the radio monitoring officer . powell ( into cb ) Roy ? hello ? hello ? ( to the officer ) I think you have he . officer I do . he say something about a , a double cross ... powell ( look off ) tell I about it . 318 new angle 318 show two helicopter in the distance head this way . CUT to : 319 machine floor 319 Karl hover over mcclane , who have not move a muscle . karl ( quietly ) we be both professional . but this be personal . you ... be do . wham ! mcclane drive he elbow into Karl 's face . 320 new angle 320 Karl 's weapon clatter on the floor . mcclane follow he first blow with another . Karl recover , and with a spin karate kick slam mcclane back . CUT to : 321 hostage floor - night 321 Eddie turn from a window , where the chopper light loom closer . eddie they be come . camera pan across the room to the doorway of the office , where han nod , stand . thornburg's voice from tv -- I know you be proud of you daddy ... 322 closeup - holly 322 she 's speechless , watch in shock as : 323 the portable tv 323 show thornburg at Holly 's house ! he 's squatting down with he microphone to interview the child in they p.j.s . his voice be soft , comforting . thornburg ( to the child ) ... because he 's a very brave policeman . and you mom have show just as much courage . but be there something you would like to say to they if they be watch ? John Jr. say nothing , but Lucy look at the camera . lucy come home . 324 holly 324 she struggle to stay compose ... can not . she slowly turn she head , look at han . 325 her p.o.v . - han 325 he 's look away from we , at the picture of the child on she desk . he turn back and look at she . he smile . han Mrs. mcclane . how nice to make you acquaintance . he raise he weapon ... but he only shoot it into the ceiling , make everyone jump ! han ( shouting ) on you foot , everyone ! upstair , now ! ( quietly , to uli ) you will lock they up there and come right down ... uli nod and he and Eddie help herd everyone towards the stair . han move forward ... grab Holly himself . CUT to : 326 the machine floor 326 mcclane and Karl move towards each other , each size the other up , each look over the terrain . mcclane better this way , be not it ? I mean , any faggot can shoot a gun . this time Karl do not take the bait . then , when he do charge , it 's unexpected . the two man fight brutally , Karl bring year of martial training to this moment , mcclane bring nothing but the street . 327 new angle 327 mcclane you should have hear you brother scream when I break he fuck neck ... Karl step in quickly with a deadly move . mcclane twist free , slam a elbow into Karl 's kidney . Karl back off , circle mcclane with new respect . CUT to : 328 inside a FBI chopper - in flight 328 through the canopy we see another flanking chopper . Johnson and Johnson be here , helmet and mike on . Big Johnson check aerial map while Little Johnson check ammo clip for he sniper scope assault rifle . big johnson ( shouting , to the pilot ) stay low . they be expect transport , not gunship . little johnson ( shouting over the noise of the rotor ) what do you figure on breakage ? big johnson I figure we take out all the terrorist , and lose 20 percent of the hostage ... 25 , top . little johnson I can live with that number . CUT to : 329 vault floor 329 theo and kristoff load the bond into the big case which carry all they gear when they enter . as han and Eddie come in they look curiously at Holly . han a little bonus for we . ( shove she forward violently ) a policeman 's wife might come in handy . he pick up a cb , speak into it . han mcclane ! mcclane ! I have some news for you ... mcclane ? 330 the machine floor 330 tilt up from the cb radio Karl smashed . Karl and mcclane be in the b.g. , almost toe to toe , all they trick play out , go at it with animal instinct . 331 the vault room 331 han mcclane ? ( pause , then on a new channel ) Karl ? Karl ? nothing . he look at theo . han hurry . 332 the roof 332 uli herd the hostage up onto the roof , push the last few out . 333 long shot - FBI chopper - down ave . of the star 333 they float toward we , hugging the street , they prop wash shaking the tree . 334 powell and robinson 334 follow they with they eye , for once share the same opinion . 335 hostage on the roof 335 they see they very own Christmas decoration , the friendly copter light , and begin to smile and cheer . uli smile to himself , move towards the door : 336 vault room 336 theo close the lid of a bond-stuffed case , carry it out of the room . Holly 's eye follow he exit while the other continue . holly ( to han , scornfully ) after all you posture , all you speech ... you be nothing but a common thief . han I be a exceptional thief , Mrs. mcclane . and now that I be move up to kidnap , you should be more polite . he slap she . 337 machine floor 337 Karl drive mcclane back with a sweeping head kick . another one . mcclane be staggering . he get in one hard punch and then Karl charge at he . mcclane fall backwards , drive he leg upwards , propelling Karl into the air : 338 low angle 338 Karl go into a loop of chain hang over a turbine , become entangle . 339 mcclane 339 jump to he foot , yank the other end of the chain . 340 karl 340 be jerked upwards by the neck . he twitches like a capture fish -- start to turn blue : 341 mcclane 341 twist the chain end around a pipe as Karl still . mcclane snatch up he baretta from the floor , run out . CUT to : 342 chopper - in the AIR 342 we can see the tailing ' chopper through the open port of this one . Big Johnson lean over , slap the shoulder of he pilot . big johnson just like saigon , eh , wally ? pilot my kind of town . CUT to : 343 the roof 343 the door rattles . his back to the camera , uli go to the door , open it -- and two bullet come out he back . smoke baretta in hand , mcclane vault over the body before it have even stop twitching . as the hostage squeal and scream , mcclane snatch up uli 's machine gun , run out onto the roof . he charge through the crowd , spot Ginny near the edge of the roof . she meet he halfway . mcclane where 's Holly -- ginny the take she -- after they see the kid on television -- mcclane what ? God -- he look off to the chopper . closer yet . he turn , shout . mcclane listen to I ! all of you , get down to the lower floor -- you be all in danger . hostage what be you , crazy ? we be be rescue ! that helicopter -- mcclane -- there will not be shit for that helicopter to land on , because the whole top of this building be wire with explosive ! now get below -- second hostage but ... we be safe up here -- mcclane safe , my ass ! this be not a helipad , it 's a launching pad ! and he fire over they head ! they scream , head for the door as he hope ! he fire again , rake a line across the roof . they really haul ass . mcclane get below ! now ! 344 in the wing chopper - mid - AIR 344 a young FBI agent be here with a rifle and a partner . young FBI ( into throat mike , look out the door ) Flight leader , this be wing . I think they be on to we . one of the terrorist be fire on the hostage . 345 inside the other chopper 345 little johnson ( into mike ) Roger , wing . we copy . ( to the pilot ) swing around . ( raise he rifle ) give I a clear shot . the pilot nod . 346 int . vault room 346 han ( supervise the work ) schnell , schnell ... der zeitz ist kurz ... something catch he eye . he turn , look at : 347 view through window -- he p.o.v. 347 through the glass here he can catch a glimpse of the hostage come back into the room ! CUT to : 348 the roof 348 mcclane herd the last of the hostage inside , start for the door himself , when with a roar and a chatter of rotor , the lead chopper zoom overhead ! mcclane throw himself down on the ground , look up as the chopper bank in a tight turn and then from the open side gunfire erupt ! shock , mcclane dive out of the way of the bullet that stitch across the door . 349 hostage - on lower floors ( or in stairwell ) 349 descend , scream and howling as a chopper sweep past a window on a loop back towards the roof . 350 in the chopper 350 both johnson FIRE away big johnson Bank and we will nail he ! 351 the vault room 351 han whirl towards kristoff . han blow the roof . now ! kristoff but Karl and uli be up there -- camera adjust to show the remote detonator on a table . han go to it . 352 the roof 352 mcclane dive away from another burst . mcclane you asshole , I be on you side -- ! they come in on another pass . desperate , he look around , see a fire hose . make up he mind . with the chopper looming up behind he , he sling uli 's weapon , run to the fire hose , unreel three yard , loop it around he back and under he leg . he look over the edge , hesitates : mcclane fuck this ... bullet hit all around he . he jump : 353 the vault room 353 han extend the antenna ... hit the button . 354 long shot - the roof 354 the helipad explode ! a fireball roll into the sky . 355 the hostage 355 lose they foot on the floor . Dust and debris fall down , but they be okay . 356 johnson and johnson' chopper 356 strain to avoid the rise fireball ... can not ! it 's caught in the explosion ! it tip over , a rotor hit the roof -- it crash , explode , tumble down the side of the building ! 357 mcclane 357 dangle against the side of the building , he duck and wince as flaming debris soar past he . 358 the roof - hose wheel device 358 flame roar toward it , engulf it . it jerk on its foundation pivot 180 degree as several bolt slip : 359 mcclane 359 drop several more foot . he swallow , then kick against the side of the building , he bloody foot leave smear . the shatterproof glass do not budge ! wincing as more flaming debris sizzle by , mcclane level the machine gun , kick off from the building , swing back ten foot -- reach the zenith of he arc -- fire the gun and sail back in : 360 inside the build 360 mcclane smashes through the shattered glass , sail inside , roll onto the floor , plowing through furniture and decor . finally he stop , catch he breath with relief ... rise to one knee : 361 up on the roof 361 the fire hose mount be blasted off the roof , sail past the camera : 362 outside the build 362 the hose mechanism tumble downward ! 363 inside 363 mcclane be yanked off he foot , drag towards the window ! 364 the hose wheel - outside 364 it slide down the side of the building ! the hose plays out on the edge of the windowsill , drag mcclane towards he death ! 365 mcclane 365 claw at the floor ... no help . inch from the shattered window , he brace he leg against the sill , groan as he fight the weight of the hose and the reel . one foot slip . only he already wounded foot keep he indoors . he scramble to untie he improvise rappeling rig -- get free just before the hose nozzle crash out and into the great beyond ! wind , strength ebbing , he stagger to he foot -- just in time for : 366 the roof 366 to recoil from another staggering explosion ! 367 the hostage 367 they scream , cry out : 368 in the vault room 368 as Holly cover she head from fall plaster , the man work like automaton , pile up the bond . 369 mcclane 369 recover from another aftershock , run up the step -- be momentarily amaze to hear a " ding " from the elevator -- he look at : 370 the shaft 370 where suddenly the wall explode outward as a entire elevator crash through the wall , swinging on its cable like a demolition ball on a crane ! 371 back to scene 371 mcclane run up the step as brickwork fly past he head like schrapnel : 372 the elevator 372 reach the apex of its swing , drop down in a arcing turn : 373 wide shot 373 the elevator crash into the stair ! the section mcclane in on snap loose ! at the last minute mcclane leap towards : 374 the vault floor balcony 374 and catch it as stair and elevator crumble behind and beneath he ! with he last effort , he haul himself onto the balcony and they move off ! CUT to : 375 ext . build 375 the police be scramble for cover . Powell and Robinson be open-mouthed . 376 in the basement 376 argyle be huddle down on the floor of the back seat , the stuff animal hold over he head as much for company as protection . as the building cease to rock argyle sneak a peek out from under the fur ... and see : 377 he p.o.v . - Theo 377 at the delivery truck . he step into a white paramedic 's jumpsuit and zip it up . he hop into the cab and pull the truck away from the load dock . 378 mcclane - on the vault floor 378 he creep forward , look carefully into : 379 he p.o.v . - vault room 379 they be get ready to leave with the bearer bond . suddenly the camera focus change to holly . 380 back to scene 380 mcclane 's face show he anguish . he check the weapon he take from uli . one bullet ! mcclane ( under he breath ) shit ... he check he baretta . one bullet . he think , desperate . decide . he take the bullet from the rifle clip , add it to the baretta clip . he slam the pistol clip back , really worried . mind racing , he look all around the room ... he eye fall on a tape dispenser . he think again ... step towards it : 380-a in the basement 380 - a theo have pull two ramp out from the truck and slip into the back . a car engine fire up inside the delivery truck . 381 argyle 381 realization dawn , he vault into the front seat . 382 the garage 382 a paramedic van shoot out of the back of the Pacific courier delivery truck . floor the limo , argyle crash into the van , which careen into the wall . 383 closer 383 theo stagger out in time for argyle to deck he with one punch . argyle ( look around ) where 's the camera when you need they ? CUT to : 384 the vault room 384 han let 's move . the last of the money be pile on . han hang onto Holly while Eddie push the mail cart of moneybag . kristoff go to the door to scope they escape ... suddenly he be cold cocked by a rifle butt . 385 wider 385 mcclane step into view in the doorway , backlit by spark still tumble down from the roof above . he hold the machine gun ready . mcclane han ! han turn , not that surprised . grinning , he yank Holly into view . no word need be say . holly John ! mcclane Holly , we have to stop meeting like this . ( take in the vault ) so that 's what it be . a fuck robbery . ( think ) so why nuke the building , han ? han ( with a shrug ) when you steal six hundred dollar , you can disappear ... but when you steal six hundred million , they will find you ... unless you play dead . ( tight smile ) which happen to be you next role ... drop you gun , please . mcclane hesitates ... han push the gun against Holly again , really hurt she . Eddie quickly raise he weapon . han ( to Eddie ) nein , die ein ist mein . ( to mcclane ) this time John Wayne do not walk off into the sunset with Grace Kelly . mcclane that be Gary Cooper , shithead ... han no more joke , drop it or she get it between the eye ! mcclane ( slowly put down he gun ) whoa , han , now you be the cowboy ? han ' yippe-ki- yea , mother fucker ' ? now you be fuck . he aim : mcclane Holly , now ...! instantly , Holly sidestep , jab she elbow into han ' face ! 386 mcclane - over shoulder shot 386 at the same moment Holly move , mcclane grab he baretta from its hide place tape to the back of he neck , shoot han high in the chest ! the bullet pass right through han , and the window behind he splatter with blood and shatter . even while this be happen , mcclane spin : 387 eddie - through mcclane's widespread legs 387 Eddie take a gunshot , drop just like on gunsmoke . 388 back to scene 388 han drop he weapon , stagger , look down at he own blood in shock . 389 mcclane 389 mcclane you be right about we Americans . ( he blow smoke from he pistol barrel ) we be cowboy . 390 vault room - wider 390 incredibly , han still stand , eye fill with shock and disbelief . he reel , fall against the windowsill , start to topple -- and then he grit he tooth and from some inward place find a last reserve of strength and he grab : 391 holly wrist 391 and she be yanked off she foot ! 392 back to scene 392 han go out the window , pull Holly with he ! mcclane leap forward , catch she inside arm near the elbow at the last minute ! 393 ext . build - long shot 393 the roof still in flame , mcclane hang halfway out of the window , jag glass rake he face , strain to hold onto Holly as han drag she out ! mcclane brace himself against the window frame and strain to pull Holly closer . with a moan , she catch the windowsill with she inside hand . mcclane stretch with he other hand , begin to inch towards Holly 's wristband . 394 han ' hand - widen 394 a death grip on the watchband . we widen , see that , blood fleck tooth gritting , he be straining with he other hand to bring up the gun he be still hold ! 395 mcclane 395 Holly 's scream alert he . han lock eye with mcclane one last time , start to pull the trigger , as : 396 very close 396 mcclane release the latch on the watchband ! the overtaxe metal snap , link fly : 397 wider 397 han ' face register he horror as he and most of the watch suddenly drop . we listen to he scream all the way down , finally hear he hit . mcclane pull Holly back into the room and hold she . mcclane it 's okay , babe . it 's okay . he look down at han ' body , then back at the scrap of wristband he 's still hold . mcclane you get a warranty on this ? she laugh through she tear , hold onto he . dissolve to : 398 ext . build - dawn 398 smoke drift up from what have suddenly become the top floor . thornburg 's remote truck careen into the parking lot . 399 closer 399 a crowd watch as the front door of the building open . we see mcclane , who hold up Holly and in turn be support by swat man . as reporter start shouting question , mcclane break free of he entourage , and , hold Holly , push into the crowd . mcclane ( call out ) Al ? Al , you here -- ? the crowd eddy and surge ... suddenly Powell be there , and mcclane know it 's he . they stare at each other , ten foot apart , and then they be grin , extend they hand . but somehow a shake be not enough , and they be embrace each other like man who have live through combat together ... which , in fact , be the truth . mcclane ( emotional ) al. man , you be my rock . I could not have make it without you . powell bullshit . mcclane I be serious . hey , this be my wife ... Holly gennero . holly ( take Powell 's hand , correct ) Holly mcclane . hear this , mcclane grin , pull she close . * powell ( to she ) a pleasure . I guess John do not need I to give you that message anymore . holly ( puzzle ) message ? mcclane begin to make silent " ixney " gesture in Powell 's direction . powell you know , about he be such a jerk -- and how he 's really sor -- ( see mcclane ) -- ee ... uh , I be sure he will fill you in . just then Robinson barge forward . robinson I want you for debrief , mcclane . you have get some thing to answer for -- Ellis ' murder -- property damage -- interfere with police * business -- a scream cause mcclane to turn . 400 he p.o.v. 400 there in the doorway be Karl , clothing and body scorched . easily as crust in dirt and blood as mcclane , he hold he machine gun . 401 ext . build 401 as the crowd panic try to escape , Karl lock eye with mcclane and level he gun . mcclane throw Holly to the ground and grab the dumbstruck Robinson 's sidearm . but he do not get off a shot -- a lone gunshot stop Karl -- knock he back through the doorway . mcclane look back to see Powell still sighting down the barrel of he .38 . his hand be rock steady . he see mcclane 's look . powell ( shrugging ) you be right . you could not have make it without I . they smile . suddenly mcclane and Holly squint as light pan onto they . thornburg push he way forward , mike extend like a weapon . thornburg Mr. mcclane ... Mrs. mcclane ... any comment on you incredible ordeal ? what be you feeling now that it 's all over ? without a beat , Holly punch he in the chop . he fall , drop the mike with a electronic squeal . mcclane look at he wife , amaze . behind they , thornburg sit on the ground , * nurse he lip , turn to he camerman . thornburg ( eager ) * do you get that ? mcclane and Holly continue on , turn towards : * 402 argyle' limo 402 it 's a little smashed up , but still run . argyle be stand beside the open door . mcclane and Holly get in and argyle close the door . argyle ( get in the front ) if this be they idea of Christmas I gotta be there for New Year 's . camera adjust to show the read window where mcclane and Holly be kissing . as they drive off , we : fade out the end twentieth century Fox script department 10201 W. pico boulevard , Los Angeles , CA 90035 telephone : ( 213 ) 203-2494