diner written by Barry levinson fade in : the screen be black . we hear muffled rock and roll music . then we read : baltimore 1959 fade out . : fade in : int . dance hall basement - night fenwick walk along the dimly light basement . heavy wiatei coat hang from hook on the wall . in the b.g. , there be constant traffic of pecple come and go from the rest room . from above we hear the muffled sotjv of the rock and roll band . fenwick be in he early 20 and dress in the " joe college . " style of the late fifty . Sports jacket , button - down shirt , chino pants , and bass weejun . we sense that he be a little lose in himself , confuse . he look out one of the window that view the parking lot . then without any outward anger , he punch he fist through a window pane . second later he break another window with he fist . fenwick , pick up the music beat from above , strut to the sound as he approach another bank of window . he calmly break another window pane with . he fist . a guy come out of the bathroom in the b.g . see fenwick 's action and then head up the step . CUT to : int . dance hall - night the crowd be gather around the bandstand listen to the local group , the sh k rs , play they popular hit hot nut . the song be play toward the end of the even - ing because of its risque lyric . band leader hot nut , hot nut , get from the peanut man . band leader ( cont ' D ) hot nut hot nut , get they any - way you can . as the crowd swing the verse back to the Band leader . the guy who spot fenwick break window approach boogie . boogie be something of a " dandy , " flashiar in dress than other in he crowd . although he be not particularly good look there be something about he attitude that be very appeal to girl . boogie aster hearing the guy head downstairs . int . basement - night fenwick casually break another window with he fist . his hand be bleed . boogie approach . boogie what 's up , fen ? fenwick just break window , boog boogie . - what for ? it 's a smile . he break another window with he fist . boogie C ' mon , do not be a swuck . fenwick I know that glass be make from sand , but how come you can see through it ? he break another window . boogie grab he . boogie leave the window alone . what 's the matter with you ? fenwicx it 's a smile , that 's all . boogie I be crack up . boccie ( continuing ) I be warning . you , fen , break another window and you be gonna get a fat lip . he let fenwick go . boogie ( continuing ) where 's you date ? fenwick gave she away . boogie what ? fenwick gave she away . David glazer say she be death .. so , I say if you like the way she look , take she . boogie what be you , the salvation any ? fenwick charge he five buck . boogie c'mcn , upstairs . ( as ferwick just stare at he ) c'mon . they walk away boogie ( concthuirg ) ycu really be nut , you know that ? fenwick I ? what about she ? she do not have to go . I be nut . get that . boogie that 's what you get from dating eleventh grader . brain be not develop . T fenw I ck but she tit be . ( con inl 'ed ) continued : boogie falsy . --.- fe UW I ck they be ? boogie first hand info . fenwi ck shit , then what as .1 piss about ? they disappear up the , step . CUT to : int . dance hall - night ( slightly later ) the band be on a break . a frank sinatra record be playing . cap_7ra pan to eddie who be in a corner with one foot up on a chair . he smoke a cigarette and tap he foot _ lightly to the music . Eddie take Sinatra very seriously . shbevi ; approach Eddie . shrrevie where 's elyse ? eddie talk with you wife about the fuck wedding plan . SD evze gettin ' cold foot ? eddie they have never be warn . boogie be talk with dlane , the young eleventh grader that fenwick have the fall out with . she be a attractive petite girl with large breast . boogie how can you take glazer over the fen ? dune ' Cause . r4 ' boogie Diane , do you know that glazer buy you for five buck ? that 's the kinda guy he be . ( c0 ntinl_d ) contin td : . - diane -. he do ? boogie do you want to leave with glazer ? diane not really , but fe^.wzck scare I . why do not you take - I home ? boogie Diane , I be in law school at night , I have to go home and study . I just stop by here , ' cause I appreciate fine music . diane I think you work in a beauty parlor . boogie I do during the day . - ( he put he hand up and stroke she cheek ) Diane , go with fen . for I , okay ? CUT to : ext . country road - night fen-.sick's 7r3 speed by . Diane be in the car . fenwick be tell she scnething and she laugh boogie and mode ; t , follow . behind they , shrevie and he wife beth follow in a 1950 Hudson hornet . fenwick floor he car and disappear around a bend . the other car do not keep pace ' . int . shrevie ' S car beth elyse feel that Eddie be get very sensitive about the wedding . shre Ie I k:_ow . we be talk about it . ?? ( continued ) continled : _ _ _ _ beth she think that since he never talk it over with billy beforehand , it kind of bother he even more . shrevie the close of the close . you t-_.ow billy 's fly in this morning ? beth I do not hear about it . think he be just come in for the wedding day . shrevie we do not want to mention it . surprise for Eddie . shrevie 's car follow in the taillight of boogie 's car . fenwick 's car be nowhere in sight . beth elyse 's mother be very upset with Eddie . they pick out a yellow and white motif for the wedding . you know , like we do , tablecloth , napkin , maid - , of-honor . anyway , Eddie object . he want blue and white because that 's the colt ' color . refused to give in . shrev7e yeah , so ? betd well , you know how stubborn Eddie be . shp_- vie could be worse . it could be black and gold . steeler ' color . shrevie notice boogie 's taillight come or .. he slow down . something be wrong up ahead . for ext . ?. cadside - night fenwick 's car be turn over . the headlight of the car shine brightly against a tree . V ( continued ) ccntinlt .d : --_s.t 's . ficult to see exactly what have happery . jn the darkness of the road . boogie , Modell , shrevie and beta exit the car and walk toward the accident . as they approach we see fe_zwick lie halfway out of the car cover in blood . Diane can not be see . sere vie ( to beth ) stay here . the three guy move apprehensively toward the car . fenwick 's face be cover in 'blood , so touch so that it - can hardly be .recognize . modell ( - , ? eac ting to the sight of fenwick 's face ) oh Jesus . boogie kaeel nest to fenwick . - after a beat , . fenwick explode with laughter . boogie you son-cf -a-bitch ! fenwick scream in laughter . boogie ( continuing ) you asshole ! then boogie laugh . the rest of the guy join in . not bech . she be not acus . fenwick crawl cut of the triumph . F :-.nw . c.{ I really get you guy , do not I ? do not I ? be carry a ketchup bottle around for week . Diane step out of the wood . she laugh nervously . diane 11 I hide in the wood . do not want any ketchup on I . fc : W ick week , just lookin ' for the right ti=e . ( coyr intjed ) continle.d : you get I . Christ , I think you buy it . fenw ic .{ Real hard hold back the laugh . Real hard . boogie you outdid yourself . B eth that 's very matt , - be , fenwick . fenwic fuck mature . shrevie hey [ fenwi C . ( sorry , Beth . boogie tug -- ied the car over yourself ? fei1 gi I cik yeah , give I a hand . boogie . no way . fenwic c'man . + boogie start back to he car . the other fe ] low . enwick plead with they . boogie with he back to fen - wick be amused , delighted that he 's get fenwick or . a nu :rber . boogie ( with the authority of a school teacher ) fenwick , you to ed that car over . you must put it upright yourself . you need some discipline in you life . f.:- i " + 4 1 ck c'mon , guy . it be easy push it over ' cause of the angle . 1:'11 be a bitch get it up . ( con inled ) continued : boogie and Modell get in the car . shrevie and he wife ge c 111 -- the?uason - - - - - modell have you try ? you have not try . fe niw7 ck ( desperate ) I 'a buy at . the diner . without miss a beat , boogie and Modell exit the car . boogie . sbmuck , _another five second an3 you would have we for free . they laugh . shravie start he car . int . shrevie ' S car bet'rl you guy t eal ly be sick , you n k ow that .? cot shrevie that 's ' cause you get no sense of humor . he pull away . sr.revie ( continuing ; yelling out the window ) see you guy later at the dine= . CUT to : exi . - diner - night the diner be one of the typical late s0 's metal and glass structure . almost deco in design . Cars be park in front , include shrevie 's Hudson hornet . caxr4 pan to a car park over in a corner . tabacx have he truck open , fill with pants . a few guy be go through the goods as taback try to wheel - and - deal . ( con'i inltd ) con imied : ( to one of the guy ) Seven buck . all wool . you can not beat it . h T e guy hold it up . guy the crotch look too short . do not can - -e for that . taback what be you afraid it 's gonna get ° catch in the crack between you leg ?. the other guy " whoco " in reaction to taback 's put-down . guy you sure be hot shi . since you have take over you father 's business here . he throw the pants back and walk away , CUT to : ini . diner - night the diner be the late-night hangout ... make up of a mix bag crowd . around one side , the aluinun siding sale be ?. N guy in they 30 and 40s . some high school ers , only there on the waekend , and the , boogie - s?irevie c_cw . ( the guy in they early t• , yenty .) one thing be quite apparent . there be no girl present , except wait . T h at be the unspoken rule . no date . Eddie , shrevie and Modell sit in a booth . they all eat french fries and gravy . eddie you can not compare mathis to Sinatra . no way . sheev Ie they be both great singer . eddie yeah , but you can not compare they . Sinatra be the lord . he 's big in movie , everything . ( co` : : nlid ) coyi inued : I if mathis be not a blue , he would be a big movie star . modell that 's true . there 's hardly any blue in movie . just sidekick . edd Ie c'mon , they could have put mathis in ' from here to eternity . ' they have blue in the war . s'drevie mathis do not come around until after that movie . eddie be you tell I mathis could have play maggio ? be that what I be hearing ? modell who do you make - out to ? Sinatra or mathis ? eddie for that , mathis . S erevie I be marry . we do not wake-cut . they laugh . - fern wick enter and head toward the guy ' booth . - pass the - waitress . fzn 1 ck enid . french fries and gravy , and a cherry coke . he sit dcw - n and join the guy . srrevie how would it go ? feiwwi C : k pretty good . Said she never want to see I again . J , mod - ll charme she , huh ? . , ( continued ) ccn.inu D : fenwick ai - I - do be - park the -- car on a nice lonely road . I look at she and say , ' fuck or fight . ' the guy laugh . eddie you maniac . fe:l I cK kidding . Said she want to see I again . like aye , sort of . I eddie emis ? fenwick nod . he stick out he pinky . Eddie gab it with he pinky . therefore it 's the truth . angle on the aluminum siding guy ' booth bagel be hold court with he guy . bagel the guy 's canvass the neighborhood , and I notice he 's stop at the brick house . he 's try to sell aluminun siding to the brick house owner . ( he laugh ) sure enough , he come back to the car . he 's get a lead . fool rush in , right ? to the guy , this type of story be fascinating . 3 cbgie come cut of for the rest roam in the b . g . as he start to pass bagel stop he . bagel ( continuing ) boog , come here . boogie approach . bagel ( continuing ) you lay down a bet with barnett ? boogie do not remember . I ( ccntinuz ) con I ? ?i D : BA get - ?'oa , . nobody bet two thousand and forget . boogie okay , so ? what 's the point , bagel ? bagel where you get c40 thousand ? you have not get a pot to piss in . ' boogie game 's a lock . bagel nothing 's a lock . you want I to call it off ? as a favor to you father , may he rest in peace . boogie bagel , get in . trust I . boogie walk off . - - bagel kid today . nobody 's interested in make a honest buck . carson Heard he want to be a lawyer . bagel that 's what I be say . you call that a honest buck ? boogie approach the guy and sit do boogie bagel hear about my basketball bet . ' modell I be down for fifty . boogie woo , biz spender . I be tell you . they be shave point on the game . this be no bullshit tip . get in , guy . eddie I will think about it . listen , who do you pick ? Sinatra or mathis ? `' ( continued ) CO tinued : - boogie presley . eddie presley . you be _ick . boogie do I tell you guy I be take out Carol heatrow tomorrow night ? fenwicx you be take out Carol heatrow ? boogie ( sarcastically ) no , you be take she out . eddie she be death . b00 gie only go for the best . shrevte cold . boogie what 's the bet she go for my pecker on the first date ? fen ick the only hand on you schiong be gonna be yours . bcogi_ Bet I t-wen t-r . fe4 lck you get it . eddie I be in . modell I , too . shrevie I be in , but we need validation . boogie all right . I will arrange it . CUT to : T ext . airport runway •- night -- -- -- a .our - engine - prop - come into - vi view as tt rate its approach . the plane sail inch off the runway and then touch down . CUT to : ext . airport docking area - . night a moveable stairway be put in place . second later the hatch open : passenger depart , walk down the step in the cold night air . billy halpert step forward into the doorway . billy , in he early 20 a:_d wear the typical button - down shirt , crew neck sweater , chino pants , and the bass weejun . he start down the step and head toward the terminal . as he enter : CUT to : ext . airport terminal - night billy exit the building carry a suitcase . we hear a hor ! B .ping . the sound attract he att.: ntion . he smile . another angle to include shrevie 's Hudson hornet , as it back up , move toward billy . as it approach , the back door open . billy ( thry awing he bag inside ) you g' ys ara too much . hcw ' d you know I be ccain ' in this mcfn._nc ? boocie . ( o.5 .) c'mcn , get in . billy climb in and slam the door shut . the Hudson pull away . c'jt to : E country road - night the hornet speed down the quiet two lane road . I CUT to : M1 . car night ehrevie - drive -- _ bocgia sit shotguin -- fen rick and sit in the back seat . boogie he 's crazy be t- , hat he be . with the shrevie here it be just nut , but Eddie ? t?:at 's lunacy . shrevie mari age be a? right . I be not complain . boogie not complain . uz u , sound good . fenw I ck ' course it be not a hundred percent sure yet . billy what ? he 's get mar_y on New Year 's Eve . boogie not until she take the test . billy boog , what be you talk about ? fen wi ck Eddie 's go to give eylse a football test . if she fail , the marriage be off . billy be you shitting I ? boogie you know Eddie and the colt . very serious . the test have something like a hundred and forty question . true and false , multiple choice , short answer . fenwi ck oral cast . he do not want any cheati : , g. billy what happen if she fail ? he 's go to call . it off ? be that what I hear ? ( CO tinl°ed ) contin " i e'd ; shrevie rte swear to 1.t the be suppose to be two month ago . elyse keep delay . heavy pressure . fenwi k her plan could be , though , to stall until the last minute . then if she fall , it do not matter . it 's a fait accompli . kno.t 's tie . boogie fait accompli , my ass . he walk . B illy I doubt it . I tell you , it be a real surprise . no call . just a note . why do you figure , all of a sudden ? boogie botton line ? elyse turn into -- - Iceland and Eddie 's not the type to look elcev.here . Eddie go for the marriage , and elyse be back to be the Bahamas again . shrevie you dan ' t know that for sure , boog . boogie I be a good judge of human nature . CUT to : ext . hilltop di` hrr - nigr ' . T the Hudson be park out front . the morning light be just beginning to break . through iZ window we can see the - guy sit in a booth eat . they be obviously have a good time . shrevie take a sip of coffee . billy say something and shrevie put he hand to he mouth . coffee pour through he finger and down he chin . CUT to : { l1` T. J - : ( respect - nighl B illy af - and hat ' - be -nothing - compare to what happen in miss Nathan 's class . shrevie this be great . I be there . billy have she for Art class . third floor . she catch my talk . tell I to see she after class . I jump up from my seat and start scream ' I can not take it - any morei you be always pick on meet I can not stand itt ' then , I run to the window , open it and jump out . she freak and faint dead away . she forget the gym roof be six foot below . shrevie ---- her eye close . -- she sway for - - a moment and then topple right over she high heel . out cold . I be hysterical . billy the topper be the principal . donley come in and see miss Nathan on the floor . he do not I .ow what to make of it . sere vie than she=an , remember he ? normally a shruck , but not stand up and say ' snhrhhh , she 's sleep , Mr. donley . ' T h a he see billy in the window . B illy I say , ' I be sorry I be late , sir , but my bus break dour .. be miss Nathan up yet ? ' all the guy laugh . boogie you be miss the action now , billy . half the guy be a : U. of B. night school . a lot of fuck laugh . ( con , inlzd ) continued : fenwi ck - : cto? biiiy ) - a Masters in Business . that 's the lowest . billy shrug he shoulder as if to say , " what . can I - tell you ? " billy who 's there ? boogie Eddie , of course . burton . billy burton ? boogie dropped out of rabbinical•school . Henry ... fenw1ck , - cliff , -. the mouse ..-.- - sh'zi.evie youssei . - ??1 b00 gie thrown out . shrevie yeah ? boogie accidentally steal some money from one of the teacher . billy U. of B. 's busy at night , huh ? boogie and then there 's I . billy yeah ? you at law school ? boogie think I would take a pop with the law . although I be still work the beauty salon . CUT to : S. f1 20 . - ext. ssde :iz`llre .?. =stay the Hudson slowly drive down the quiet tree -line staeete all be quiet , the morning ' have y et to begin . the neighborhood be well care for . a pleasant , middle - class area . the car pull up in front of a three - story white shingle house . billy exit the car with he suitcase . billy see you guy at the diner tonight . i he slat the door shut . the car pull away . billy walk up the step , pull out a key and open the .door . CUT to : int . house - day billy walk up the step to the second floor . he see he parent ' door be open and peek inside . the bed be make . no one be there . he turn toward he sister 's room . CA RA 2 ans . the bed be also make . he go up the stair to the third floor . angle on a black door a sign read " no admittance . " billy enter . CUT to : int . billy room - day billy lie cn the bed in he short , srok a cigaret , ce . C tia slowly pan the room . a upright piano be in a corner . then we see magazine picture of variou 's base - ball star tack on the wall . c.a.. `-' era pan to pe nnant of the Baltimore oriole and the - Baltimore colt . CA '' a drift over to centerfold girl of playboy . then with e see a photograph of billy and a bunch of the guy le aning against a railing in Atlantic City take during the h igh school year . CUT T 0 : E billy house - day billy walk away from he house , cross the street and up t the step of another house . he ring the doorbell . ( continued ) continued : second later the door open . t.s. si:2on , a short , heavyset woman , stand there . mrs . SI ; ons ( pleased ) billy , you be in town already ? billy yeah , think I would spend the holiday here . lot of party , I hear . he enter . int . SI ? ons ' house . billy and Mrs. Si on walk down the hallway . mrs . S r,010 ns do you know you parent be cut of town ? billy no . mrs . SI ? ions they're in Florida . be back for Eddie 's wedding though . billy he still . sleep ? mrs . S immon what else ? it 's only two -thirty . wake he . billy start up the step . IRS . S i;mon ( continuing ) I will be happy when he 's out of . the house . CUT to : F in - I .. eddie be room - day it be a total mass . clothes , underwear , and shoe be strew al over the room . bi?.ly ys lake Eddie his eye open . eddie whaddya say , Bill ? billy still the early riser , huh ? Eddie reach over to the night table and light a pall mall . EL die nothin ' change . billy except you get marry . eddie yeah , be not that a kick . ae get out of bed , pick - up a-- pair of pants off the floor and step into they . eddie ( continuing ) thcughc you be not come in until New Year 's Eve . B illy nothing 's happen arc= -d . c==us , so ... Eddie put a shirt on and slip 'a tie with a aebeady make scot around he neck . he pull t:e tie ud , then '' start buttone the rest of the shirt . eddie you bring in that girl with you ? billy break up . eddie shame . in that picture you send , look like she have great knocker . B illy yea ?-i. I ( a beat ) do not figure on you and elyse so soon . ( continued ) continued : Eddie search the floor and pick out two sock that be sli= i be , ut rot the same . - eddie I figure New Year 's Eve would be good . get marry . Party through the night . you know . he put the sock on . they have hole in the heel . billy I be piss off , Ed , figure you would call , or something . let I know you be plan it . eddie yeah , I know . but you be my best man . he walk into the bathra . , marry ca2--era follows . he splashes some water on he face and wipa it with a wash rag . - -- - - - billy boogie and the guy pick I up at the airport - Eddie take a drag on he cigarette and put it on the toilet seat . then he squirt some toothpaste on the tooth - brush . eddie ( with a mouthful of paste ) yeah ? I leave the diner at five . they do not say anything to I . billy surr .se , I guess . eddie how would they know ? B illy Barbara keller tell fenwick . eddie you keep in touch , huh ? billy yeah . [ ( continled ) I continued : eddie you be tiil n3ili± g she , a= en t you , you son-of - a-bitch . Eddie spit the toothpaste out and stick he ncuth under the faucet to rinse , .ak sure to keep he tie dry . billy never do . Eddie wipe he mouth with he hand . eddie who you kid ? he put the cigarette back in he mouth and start out of the room . billy follow . ?? ddie ( continuing ) wnac else would you be do with she all this year ? billy talk . another ang1 . , E as they start down the stair . eddie talk ? shit , if you want to talk there 's always the guy at the diner . yov don ' L - need a girl if you want to talk . billy Eddie , you will never change . eddie da=. right . cui to : int . S iz : ons ' k be c , . - , . z : - da Mrs. sixcn be clean the refrigerator as Eddie and billy enter . I 01 ( Mr , I ' ued ) continuzd : ---- - eddie -- ma , what 's for breakfast ? ibs . S IM . " 2ons the kitchen be close . Eddie sit down at the table . billy sit down on a chair over by the wall . eddie I be hungry here . mrs . S I :yeon ( still cleaning the refrigerator ) you want something to eat ? make it . I have not get all day to wait on you . eddie come on , ma . do not give I that shit . - a fry baloney sandwich will be good . m.rs. sixon t:.. ts around angrily . . ms. SI dns get out of the house ! billy , take he out of here ! eddie a fry baloney sandwich be not a lot to ask for , for christsake ! Mrs. sion pick up a butcher knifa off the sink cct :rte ; and wave it at Eddie . `- ibs . SI - ons Eddie , you be give I a headache ! take a walk . Eddie rise from he chair . eddie you want to stab I ? come on l come on ! he bring he fist up and ass , , be a boss position . Mrs. simmon move toward Eddie welding the knife . Eddie back around the table . billy watch this scene without ex - 1 •f pression . ( continled ) continued : - ibs . - SI eon - you miserable creature . eddie take you best shot . then I be go to p=. , ch you light cut , ma. mrs . be iy - " 4.on ( stalking he ; who do you think you area eddie ° lome on ! come on2 go for the cut , then you be down and out . the short , heavyset woman continue to stalk Eddie as they move around the table . billy be not disturb or surprised , T h be be apparently a ongoing occurrence , IPS . S iiv ! ons how dial - you - turn in to ' such a thing to ' eddie I ' - ie gat fist of granite . you be go down . S i=on turn away . firs . simmon I be not go to ruin a good knife on you . it 's not worth it . ..cdie t.t - :s to billy and smile . billy ( quietly ) so what 's new . m =s . sixon open the refrigerator . mrs . S 1i ons eat a sandwich , t en give I score peace . Bill ; , you want something ? billy no thanks . V I m - S. simnion you sure ? it 's no trouble . F B illy no , really . CUT t0 : int . appliance store - tight shot tv screen - day " who_ do you trust ? " with johnny carson as the emcee be on . be customer ( 0.5 . ) be this show in ' color or be there something wrong with the set ? sh : revie ( 0.5 . ) this be a black and white set , but I do not think . that - show be in color , anyway . another angle - shrevie and the custom - er stand in a aisle fill with row of television . customer I do not like color television . do not like . that color for no thin ' . saw ' Bonanza ' at my in - law , it 's not fog I . the ponderosa look fake . hardly recognize Little Joe . shrrvie it might have need some tuning . c'jst0i R. it 's not for I . you get a emerson ? hear they be real good . screvie and thecustcmer move down the aisle ferriick enter the store . he look like he be slightly drink . shrevie here 's a emerson . this be portable . } customer stare at it . shrevie notice fen-wick up at to iron= of the store . he nod to hi- . C :j' 10 i 'r you get that 21 - inch emerscr .. 711 - 4 e cabinet type . shrevie the console model . ( yelling into the back ) Kenny ! we get some of the emerson console in ?! ( con'tint e0 ) con 't_n'ued : let I check out in the warehouse ! shrevie be right back . that will take a minute or two for he to check . the customer nod and shrevie walk up to fenwick . fezwi C :{ I talk to boog . he 's go to take Carol to the crest tonight . shrevie so what do you want to do ? fenwi ck I figure I will be there . sit a few seat away . shrevie I --- think 3 ` ll - be - there - too : - - do n'-t----- want any judgecent call . be be _.wick bong 's get about 'a hundred dollar riding on this thing now . make bet leave and right . shreviz Jesus , hundred buck , already ? F emni ck lot of paople bectin ' for . Carol . sh_evie sense that fenwick be a little off . S hrevie what the hell you be do ? you be drink - already ? f:-:7ji ck yeah ? I guess so . shrev Ie what for ? it 's coo early . F enwi ck I do not kncw ... I do n'-. ko ,sw . gettin ' antsy or something . can not figure out what ... I do not know . ( conti : nlzd ) contint33d : heturns_and stayrr__ tv_head out of th 4 qrc F l' aiy l ck ( continuing ) see you at the crest . shrevie fen , sure you be okay ? fenwick turn back and smile at shrevie . fenwi ck hey ... yeah . he turn back and exit . ext . STREET - day Eddie park he studebaker and he acid billy exit the car . they walk along a street of row house , then cross a old brick street head for the pool hall on the corner . eddie colt char ,.picns` : ip be tomcr - ow . want =,e to get you a ticket for the game ? billy T can you get one this late ? eddie , yeah . you can not be in bala ' - ore and not see the colt win the championship . it would be sacrilegious . they enter the pool hall . CUT to : int . pool ij.all - day billy and Eddie come down the step into the pcol room . the place be old and dirty look . candy wrapper and cigarettes litter the floor . knocko , a gray-haire man in he 60' , sit behind the cash register read she Wall Street Journal . on the back wall there be picture of the semi-nude girl from the man 's magazine of the period . some be autograph to knocko . ( continued ) conti ntue : as the guy approach , knocko look up and smile . L - 1 knocko billy , billy , billy . billy row you do , knccko ? knocko eat , sleep , you know . never see you and the guy anymore . billy you know how it be . time to move i W n , I guess . knocko Eddie 's the only one who still pop in . still love the game . ( have gerious lv ) you do okay , billy . -( continued ) contim . 7ed : -. lilly _- _.._ -- go for my Masters . kno cko wonderful . all you crowd turn out fine . take seven . it 's get a new feel . .eddie eight 's better . knocko take eight . the pool maven here . they walk toward the table . the place be quiet . after - noon be not the action time . CUT to : int . pool fall - tight : hot - a pool ball - day ' sli gr.tly lair ) - after a beat , Eddie 's head . come into fram behind the ball . he close one eye aq he '.fine up a shot . eddie I be scared shitless , to tell you the truth . billy ( o.s. ) you know anybody who 's mot ? eddie , if I have a choice , I would just date elyse all my life . just date she and the hell with the rest . I like dating . another angle as Eddie back off the shot and start to bove around the table . billy sip a or3rige soda . billy what be you do it for ? Eddie approach billy ; reach for the bottle and take a sip . { continued ) continue -d : eddie 1tat - be 4-doing_i..t - ford -- I have be dating elyse for five year . what be I ... I have no choice .. it get to a point where a girl say , ' hey , where be I go ? ' he hand the bottle back and chalk he pool cue . eddie ( continuing ) so , there be nobody else that I really care about . so , you know . I be not say that I be do it just to make she happy . the hell with that . he shoot and sink a ball . eddie ( continuing ) she 's the only one I care about . - I - don ` t go look for girl to -- . date or anything like that . arid , . it seem like the time and all ... so . at least she 's not a ballbreaker . Christ ; if she be a ballbreaker there would be no way . billy feel a certain sadness for Eddie , but he do not 1 = ow what to say . Eddie see vz '::-..a1 l1 , a blond -haire kid , several year ycunger than himself . eddie ( continuing ) how you do , methan ? megan approach Eddie and stand inch away from Ed 's face . mfi :? a&amp ; N jj , I want to be where you be . 'here the air be rare , and nobody can touch I . what about my sister , Harry ? bi11y have no idea what be go on . I ethan ( continuing ) I - never couch you sister . what be you say ? ( cot ; - , _ :vUZ7 ) continued : sudde^i methaa wa ??k away . eddie ( to silly ) methan 's favorite movie . ' sweet smell of success . ' billy he memcrize the whole movie ? Eddie line up another shot . eddie h T e young guy , I tell ya , be crazier than we be . he shoot and miss . from another table a guy yell out . guy Eddie , you take any of boogie 's action ? eddie yeah ! no way he pull this off . CUT to : ext . crest thzatzr - night tlhere be a lot of milling around in frcnt of the cheater . the marquee read : Troy donahue and Sandra Dee in " Su - - :er place . " int . crest tt-ieater - nigit shrevie stand in the lobby with he wife , Beth , a attrac - tive girl . Eddie and fenwick enter and walk over to shrevie . sh 1 zevie ( almost apologizing for bring Beth ) Beth hear the movie be pretty good . beth Eddie , where 's elyse ? I eddie she 's hcme study for the football test . ( CO , rtintj D ) c0 ntinu D : you be kid . fenwick see - the bcog yet ? serevie not yet . fart . maget , a enormously fat guy , enter with a frie .td . the friend stop at the candy counter . friend eari , want sane candy ? earl ( 's , .arting into the theater ) no. do not care for sweeti . boogie enter with canol heathrow . she be a b-auti foal , shapely blonde . boogie look over at the group . - nod , - and walk to the candy counter with Carol . b:. th be that Carol heathrow ? S hrevi E where ? beth with 3oogie . sh_irvi ( stare for a long beat ) I think so . beth in surprised she 's with h--m . - fro= what I have hear about she , boogie would not see she type . Eddie be as ;aze at hcw beau , ci±u1 Carol look . eddie she be death . death . fenwick spot the gripper walk toward the Men 's rcon . the gripper stand about 6 ' 4 " and be all muscle . 11 con_iin dd fenwick davit the gripper 's :era . sh v7. where ? fenwick nod toward the yen 's room . shrevie ( continuing ) Christ , the grip 's still grow , _ I think . rnwick hope he do not see I . every time he see I , he put the grip on I . eddie saw he put a grip on a guy at the diner . grip he right through he corduroy jacket . make he stand on tip-to . - s'r'_p'.evie where 's billy ? ' eddie cowin ' with that Barbara keller chick , I think . bccgie get a large box of popcorn and a Coke and start into the theater with Carol . just before he enter he give a smile to the guy . fs : iwi ck guess I might as well get a seac . ( to eddie ) cowin ' ? Eddie nod and they start inside . after a beat , s:revie - - and Beth start in . shrevie let 's sit in the back . be'1 " 's . - I why ? shp . VI I I be tired of sittin ' down close with the guy and all . just as they go into the theater , bill. , enter alone . I a :u'rt .. i :.. - boogie and Carol sit watch - the screen . the box of pop - --- co - zasutg in - he a ? boag a ??ze - keep == ?.y. king -?aak - at Carol , then he hand slowly move down to he fly and he quietly unzip it . angle to include fenwi c&lt ; look over from he vantage point three seat away . boogie squir around ever - , so-slightly and then place the box of popcorn back on he lap . evidently he have stick he penis into the bottom of the popcorn box . fen - wick nudge Eddie and then whisper some thing . into he ear . Eddie smile . Carol 's hand dip into the popcorn box on boogie 's lap and take out a handful of popcorn . shrevie , seat in the back , be restless , wonder what iz happen . Beth be mesr-arize by Troy donahua . billy sit on a aisle , =aware of the quiet intrigue that be . take place . - ?.. Carol 's hand again reach into the box and take out a few kernel . boogie 's eye glance toward fenwick . fenwick shake he . head and mouth " Bet 's off . not fair . " boogie nod " yes . Troy and Sandra walk the beach . the romantic score swell . the yotzia - audience be catch up in this screen love affair . Carol reach into the- popcorn box once again . suddenly she screaw . she bolt up from she seat and race up the aisle . the audience iq alive with chatter , war , wonder what have happen . boogie turn to fenwick and smile . then he head ue the aisle after Carol . beth ( as she watch boogie racing up the aisle after carol ) what 's go on ? shrevie ( playing dtjnb ) I do not know . I do not know . int . lobby - night boogie catch up to Carol just before she be about to ente th lady ' - room . - - - -- --? boogie hold on , hold on a second . carol you 'are disgusting ! boogie I know it be terrible , really horrible and all , but it be a accident . carol a accident ! she start into the lady ' room . boogie hold she arm . boogie wait ! Carol ! woo ! seriously , it be a accident . swear to God . - - carol a accident . you thy.ng just get into a box of popcorn ? boogie damn near that . can I be straight with you ? Carol try to settle dc --n. carol boogie ' ... bocgiz_e there 's a good reason , but it 's a little embarrassing to I . so maybe you do not want to hear it . I will understand . a long beat . carol co on . let I hear this . boogie I do not like to tell this to girl , but you really be a C knockout , really . ( more ) ( c01 , ; - : : lode ) cont1 nuzd : l.j boogie ( cont 'd ) ? h ; - , use sitt`rg rtex ? toy u in there get I crazy . I get a hard on .. I do not like to admit it , but I do . you do not know I , but I always try to come off be cool . do not like to look like I be hustling , and there I be , sit next to you with a boner . be I embarrassing you ? carol ( intrigued ) co on . the " St. = er place theme " can be hear softly through the theater door . boogie well , it be kill I . so ..o stop though pain , it be digging into my pants and all , I open -----m7 fly . - lmosen everything up . give it a little air , you know . and it work . everything settle down and I get catch up in the picture . forget all about it . then when I see Sandra wear the bathing suit in that cove scene , you know , it just pop right out and go right through the bottom of the popcorn box . the force of it open the flap . Carol stare at he , wonder if ? 's be tell than lrut` : . the beautiful " su_.^ - per place Love theme " grow lccser for a few second be som=one come through the door and head for the candy counter . carol it just push the flap open ? boogie it 's ripley 's , I tell ya . a d I could not move the box or you would have see it . carol that 's true . ( contivl : id ) continued : - b0 eie -- - I be just hope it would shrink back out . ( he put he hand up to she cheek and lovingly touch it ) come , on , let 's go back inside . as they go through the door we hear Troy say : troy ( v.0 . ) I want . to kiss you here in front of God and evcryone . CUT to : ext . crest theater - night shrevi ? and Beth exit the theater . shrevie - -- what be the guy 's name ? the actor ? beth Troy donahue . sere vie what kind of a name be Troy ? bet : he 's gorgeous . shrevie ( mo , .: mbling to himself ) Troy . fenwick and Eddie approach . shre tie ( continuing ) ever hear of a guy name Troy ? fen icx ( sarcastically ) yeah , Troy swartz=an from towanda . shrevie cute . ( coni inled ) CO tinled : booszie and Carol exit the theater . boogie ( as he pass the group ) see you guy at the diner . bring some ten . boogie cockily walk on - with-his arm around she waist ' . beth ten what ? shrevil have no idea . eddie ( look at Carol as she walk away ) death . ( to fenwick ) I would give up you life if I could have she . billy exit the theater and start toward the crowd . out of the corner of he eye , he spot someone exite through ( 1 ' another door . he watch the guy for a beat , then quickly move toward he . he tap the guy on the shoulder . as the guy tin , billy punch he in the face . the guy go down . - a crowd quickly - form . confusion take over as everyone move to see what have happen .- shrevie , fenwick , and Eddie move in for a better lock . I the gu_y sit on the ground hold he bleed nose . he look up at billy . billy we be even . he turn and move away . --- - Eddie , fenwick , and shrevie ncve to catch up with billy . Beth trail along . eddie I will be.dar ed. willard broxtonl F enwi ck Long time ccn_n ' , huh , billy ? ( continued ) continued : billy -- ( excite ) I could not belieye it ! there he be i I - do not wait to hit hi= , but I have to , you know . shrevi E ( patting billy be back ) ' outstanding ! see you guy later . come on , Beth . beth be we go to eat ? shrevie Nah , not - in the mood . shrevie head toward he Hudson . be_h fol . low . - - - -- - - bet - who 's willard broxton ? shrevie it be the 11th ... no 10th grade . billy be play ball against one of the high school fraternity . I think they be ulp . billy come slide into second base - to break up a double play . - the second baseman 's billy , think he be out to hurt " hjm billy punch the guy and the whole ulp team - j= -?.d he . be beat the shit out of he . they approach the Hudson . shrevie go around to the driver 's side and open the door and ge : S inside . he then open the door for Beth to get in . init . shrevi= ' S car - night beth he 's be after they all this year ? that be forever ago . shfevie y he swore he would get they . broxton make eight . ( cont_n ed ) contin 'ued ': emi be tha car -nd lla -a?? av : - 11 shrev : Ie ( - continuing ) .. " or seven . no , eight . there 's one guy leave . - CUT to : ext . back alley - night billy , Eddie , and fenwick walk away from the theatre toward they car . fenwicx I be so piss I mis .:ed the puncl - a I be watch out for the grippe t-. billy - .even year . Seven year to get he . - eddie who 's t 1he last ? Donald tucker ? B illy no , I get tucker in a bath=ocr ; at chestnut Ridge . : mon Shaw . eddie Moon Shaw . ( af ter a beat ) who 's Moon Shaw ? --- billy get in he car , B illy if you ever see hi.:. , you ' will remember . eddie go to the diner ? ( continued ) con : , nled : in a while . I be go to see Barbara . eddie think you be suppose to have a data . billy she have to work . I be go to stop by the tv station and see she for a hit . he start he car and pull away . fe i i C +{ : jas not Moon Shaw the ' toast ' who use to data Elaine ? - eddie h T at be my cousin , denny . you call hin a asshole ? t-r - F Z ' I " 1 , ( know he say the wrong thing ) oh ... not Elaine . her name be ellen . I be think a whale other guy . fen::ick tiptoe away from Eddie , play like he dceJn0 t want to get hic . CUT to : I , be ':.e'vis ivy S'I ate ? ord - ccr_:=dcr .ditsr . T billy and BA ?.b? walk dowr the hallway quickly . Barbara be a tall , thin brunette with classical feature . she be never a girl . bear a woman . she move dot.n the hall - way with great purpose . billy keep pace . B be aba there 's not u.uch time before the news . ( CO : ntinue ) continued : I try to call . barba switchboard close down at ten . billy I be just get the feel you be avoid I , barb . barbara that 's -. lot true , willy . they enter the control room . int . control room - nigdt the control room overlook the studio floor . technician be set up the camera , microphone , light . - over - the control room a bank of monitor hang down from a metal shelf . the tec:=`iicai . DI ? ctor be talk over a headset , balance video level . Barbara slip cis a headset and shuffles through some papers . ba_r. qara ( into headset ) telecine , you want to . run down the file . chain for I ? silly take in all the activity . he is. cverwhelm . his eye catch the old gold dance box on one of the race be : l ~'o be 's . barbara ( continuing ; getting infor=a_ion ) Governor 's press conference be on Three ? there 's a B roil to that . four ? okay . goodwill Charity Christmas Party ? Three also ? and :h 's slide ? one ? Barbara look up at the clock . it read : 10:58 . h T e director rush into the booth with the news script . he quickly sit and put on he headset . ( continued ) continued : director - stand by - for cold - tease - _ I ph barbara - ten second . billy step forward to get a better view of the activity on the floor . the director become aware of he presence . ' director who 's the visitor ? barbara friend of mine . five second . director and one , mike , cue newscaster President eisenhower return from w„rld peace trur . steel dispute continue . " this and other storey next . director Roll three . Three and track . a cor ercial cone up on the air mot i car . barbara willy , after this I still have a lot of work to do . why do not you call in the morning ? director where 's the news open ? barbara ' on six . billy what 's good ? barb a RA Church service be at ten , ei jht - thirty , nine . director punch i.d. and announce . a slide of the television station 's call letter come uo . the alti' nounczr in a glass booth off to the right speak : announcer this be wi?'4r tv 2 in Baltimore , wishing all we viewer a merry g&lt ;_ Christrias and a happy New Year . CUT to : ext . church grcu ' tds - night the nativity scene be set up " on the grounds . wonderfully _ e..acora e , a out ?-? alf l±i scale . the figure be make frcm clay and paint in fine detail . CA :- zra pan over to fenvick who be park nearby . he lean on he triumph hold a half pint of whiskey . he take a big swig and shiver slightly . the air be cold and he breath come out in white puff . CUT to e:71 . diner - night Eddie and shrevic lean against a car park in front of the hangout . the diner 's . blue neon sign above reflect off the car bathing the guy in a cold blue light . eddie two day till the test . if she pass , t7.ro more day to the thing tae marriage . - shrevie where you go ? Puerto Rico ? e'ddie Cuba . shrf . vie my parent ' friend , the copeland , go every year . Nice . there be a long , pause . eddie - shrevie , you happy with you d rtar - _a ge , or what ? s'r'revie to be honest , I dc not kncw . you kncw . . how can you not know ? it 's not like you be try to figure out the difference between pepsi . cola and rcyal Crown , for Chris ' s.tke . S fr -t vie Beth be the - ific and everything , but I do not know . Eddie lock off , not happy with the answer . ( continued ) 4 0. C 0 not in-e D ( continuing ) you know the big part of the problem ? when we be dd4i no we spend moss t of we ti=e talk about sex . whv could not I do it ? where coule we do it ? be she parent go to be out so we could do it . talk about be alcne for a weekend . a whole night . you know . everything be T talk about gettin ' sex or plan we wedding . then when you be m ::r:ied . it 's crazy . you can have it whenever you want . you wake u she 's there . P. you come home from work . she 's there . sc , all the sex - plan talk be over . and the wedding - plan talk . we can sit up here and bullshit the night away , but I can not have . a five minute conversation with Beth . but , I be not put the blame on she . - we have just get nothing to talk about . Eddie light a fall mall . eddie well , that 's okay . we have get the diner . cl to : ext . carol re_. row's par parent house - night the house be a pleasant two 's tcry wccd 's t=cc r_ , d e . a yellcw porch light be on . bocgie and Carol walk ut the step to the front door . Carol open the door with the key . she back toward boogie . boogie ( softly ) I love ycu . he gently kiss she forehead , then look she ' in the eye . Carol throw she art around he neck and kiss he passionately . carol do you want to come inside ? ir boogie - be you . parent :. around ? ( continued ) I continued : they be probably in the basement watch tv . boogie I would lave to , but I really should hit the law book . okay ? Carol nod . he st=oke she cheek . boogie ( continuing ) i wish t could stay . carol ° talk to you . soon ? boogie nod and walk away . Carol watch hi= with great affection . then t-trn and enter the hc.use . CUT to : ext . diner - night fenwick pull over to the curb across the street from the diner . he exit the car . Eddie , shrevie , Modell , and a group of other be all hang out . a voice call cu : , a so . t , but yerz authoritative voice . voice whaddya say , Jim ? F enwick tur : :s . the grippe= be 's a ding by he can --. fen ick whaddya say , gripper ? gripper not much Jim . he move toward hi_ - ever so slowly . F E ; a4 , I C k oh no , you be not go to put the grip or . I , I gripper where do you get that idea , Jim ? fenwick back up , then suddenly rip the a ntenr .a of he i car and wave it like a sword . ( c0^1tinl ? JI ccn : inlt : --- - not stay away ! I be not go to get gip ! you be not go to get I to walk on my tiptoe in pain . oh , no . grip fer ( even more softly ) Jim , I be not go to grip you . fe wi ck ( wave the antenna ) yes , you be . the guy across the street be loving what be happen . gripper to be honest , I be . but not now . I like . a guy who stand up to the gripper . I like that , Jim . - - - ---• . fe` twick - - you be not go to grip I ? gr_''per no , I just want to snake you hand . f::ti?;ick you be settin ' I up for a grip . gripper untrue , Jim . fe -.1 ick sure ? gripf_r I want to shake the hand of the a who stand uo to the gr'_oper .. '' nwick -- no grip ? gripper that 's right , Jim . fenwick drop the antenna . he move toward the gripper , slowly . the gripper extend he hand . fenwick extend he hand . they shake . no grip . fenwick be relieved . gripper ( continuing ) let 's go - see the guy . the scan who stand up to the gripper . ccgntinl D ) ccntinled : fenwick , feel very proud , - walk with the gripper across the - 's e e t - Iowa d-- t le - S u d d " il lalfway ac , flat 5 ??'. $ T street , the gripper put one of the great grip in he career on fenwick . he squeeze fern«ick 's forea right through he winter coat . fenwick feel the pain . the famous grip be on . gripper ( continuinz} up on you toe , j fen '' nick oh no , grip . grippes put a little more pressure on and fenwick be up on he toe . the guy cheer gripper . gripper Jim , never doubt the gripper . when I say I want to shake you hand , believe what I say . never doubt , Jim . be ; tw`rc ? never doubt . right . the gripper turn fer.wick around and lead he away from the guy back to the other side of the street . fenwick up on he toe . the guy be eat it up . then they head back to the guy . c.41'e pan to boogie 's ca_ as it pull into the parking lot or . the leave side of the building . he start to pass bagel who be about to drive out . bagel beeps he horn and roll down the window . bcogie.ralls he down . bagel do you hear ? T F -y on by fourteen . boccie fourteen ' . shit . they be not suppose to roll up that big a score . bagel lis ten to I next time . he pull out . boogie pull forward and park . he slam he fist into the steering wheel . again and again . then he lean back in he car seat . CUT to : I int . diner - night ( later ) - Earl - ; ''.ale t- sit i? a th ? cn his respect ; I take about one whole side . he finish off one section of a club sandwich and very politely wipe he mouth with . a napkin . before he ' then a be five deluxe sandwich wait for he hungry mouth . he the financial page and pick up another sandwich . Eddie , billy and Modell be turn around in they booth watch maget . boogie ; fenwick , and shrevie be dis - cussing the pecker in the popcorn bet . eddie ( watching earl ) where 's he -now ? modell ( looking over the menu ) he 's on the pimli:o. ( he then survey the table ) that 's the George 's deluxe . the garrison , the avalon and the Junction . eddie ( amazed ) the whole leave side of the menu . what . a triumph if he pull it off . Modell start count the sandwich on the leave ' side of the menu . we catch snatch of boogie , fenwick , and shr ev=e argu inz fen ic : { the bet be touch you pecker . not pecker hide in pc-acorn . shr . vie it be pecker touch without intention . boogie lis ten to this . Modell look up from the menu . modell Fifteen .. or sixteen more . if you include the maryland fry Chicken dinner . eddie I think he 's just talk deluxe sandwich . ( coniinijzd ) continued : .i ( yelling over ) Earl ! that include the fry Chicken dinner ? - earl yes . eddie ( truly amazed ) twenty - two deluxe sandwich and the fry Chicken dinner . - billy and no bet . eddie nope . just a personal goal . another private triumph . i " he ' li top the eighty white Tower hamburger . billy he eat eighty White Tower hamburger ? eddie . oh yeah , you do not know ? Thanksgiving night . eighty-six he eat . saw he later and say , ' Earl , you goal be eighty . why eighty -sic ? ' he look at I and say , ' I get hungry . ' billy laugh , mo DELL Truth , they slide back down in tale booth . '' sr ?. vie . ( to boogie ) but it be a trick . I do not buy it eddie ( join back in the conversation ) I either . I want it a the up and up . default . boogie let it all ride . tell you what . ( cont no : e0 ) co`'t-inued : boogie stir he french fry in the gravy for a long beat . T e ? 's $ gerzy ??aa:.z :ns : cposai . - - BC ogle ( ccn tin uing ) - I bet I ball ca_ of heathrow or , the net date . fenwick now you be nut . boogie - fifty buck a guy . edd ; E fifty ? $ hrevie it 's like steal money from you , boog . boogie the guy all take the bet e:cepc billy . boogie ( continuing ) ?nd I will take all the action I can get . fen I ^ 1 we need validation . ecogi ?? I ' Il arrange it . you want to be there to validate ? fe nwi ck sure . here 's a slight sense of - anxit ? cy in boogie 's at ;.d?e e. billy pick u- on it . cu - 6 to : ext . diner - nigh T the first ray of mar - , i : :g light reflect in the diner 's front be window . Earl rlaget exit . the guy follow behind applaud as he go . ( conti` trd ) 7 continued : L J maget calmly cross the parking lot and get in he lithe have flaw ; , ssile-t?apclitan anc ?rivesE - -- shrevie you all want to meet here and go to the game in my car ? boogie yeah , that 's good .. shrevii:. ( getting into he car ) meet here at twelve . eddie make it quarter to . do not want to miss any of the pre-game shit . shrevie why do not you go now . then you ' will be sure not to miss anything . he start he car . eddie we be talk the championship game . Quarter to . shrevie nod . the guy all exchange " see ya 's , " get in they car and drive off . the diner parking lot be now empty except for fenwick 's triumph . CUT to : ext . countryside - day the morning sun be now uo . a very attractive girl in full rise gear gallop along or , a chestn•it stallion . she ride expertly , seemingly unaffected by the cold morning air . cunezt pull back until we '- see boogie 's cherry and white desoto keep pace on the road close by . int . car - day boogie I have get to meet this girl . she be deathl R ( continued ) . jj ccz I tii ' ued : very nice . boogie I be in love . ext . countryside - day boogie 's car continue to trail alongside the girl on the horse . boogie roll dom the window . boogie ( yelling out ) T miss ! miss ! woo ! miss ! the girl pull upon the rein and stop . boogie quickly step out of the car and approach . girl yes . boogie be amaze .-- she 's more beautiful up close . Long black hair and deep blue eye . elegant . boogie I be admire you horse . ( contin ed ) A1 cdntinlc ?? D : - girl` --- ( very reserve ) be you ? boogie do you ride wester . style as well ? fenwick get out of the car and lean against the door . girl I do , but I prefer English . there 's a finer sense or control . boogie what 's you name ? girl anti chisholm . ( as boogie star - 's ) as in the chisholm Trail . -- she gallop away . boogie watch she go for a beat , then ---- tur - :s to fenwick . boogie what fuckin' chisholm trai ? ? he walk back to the car and get inside . F enwick do the same . int . car - day ry . C iry _ c{ you get the feel there 's something - acing on that we do not know about ? boogie you get the fee ! ing she gave I a - false name ? ( start the car up ) Wan : to drive scme more ? fenwick naw , let 's call it a night . ext . countryside - day boogie 's desoto drive off . the white picket fence frame the car as - it head down the road . we hear the SOUND of church bell . cui 7 0: t.:? 1 - 1 . ST . agne5 church - jay the bell in the tower ring . billy sit in he car wait - acs -- bar-b-a=a :? egaticna1 - member wa ? k 3cw - ; :? tie path pass the nativi ty scene off to the leave . billy watch for Barbara . the crowd thin , we exit he car and walk toward the church , look arcunu , thi nking 's he may have miss she somehow . he peek inside the church . unsure whether to enter . a C U ch 1e der exi be . billy be there anyone inside ? church ? emb E R I do not notice . billy be it all right to go in ? church i'ember of course . billy enter . CUT to int . c?:l'czc : i - day billy stand at the back and look around . the lang stone st= , -uct.:re. he see Barbara still sit . all alone . he quietly go down the aisle and join she in the pew . billy aryt .in wrong , barb ? bar3ira no . ( long pause ) yes . I think i't&lt ; pr .a billy ( long pause ) I ? barbarra yes . we one day in New York last month . sly year of a plt , toric relation lh , then one nig^t of sex ... and this happen . h T ey sit silently in the church . / 9t { coin I , wc . j} I continued : billy - maybe it 's for the best . barbara no ... I do not think so . do you want : to marry I ? billy yes . barbara be that why you come back a few dayz . early ? to ask ? billy I think after New York , you know . Seven week be a long time when you miss someone . barbara New York be a mistake . billy maybe it be not as romantic as we would like it to be , but I think it will happen . it 's not perfect , yet , but ... I love you , barb . barbara you be confusing a friendship with a woman and love . it 's not the sar E they sit . say nothing . ext . ' morial stadium - day __ . rtal view mcving toward the main tower of the stadiu we hear the crowd yell " C !!! 0 ! ! ! " we move closer to the tower . the crowd roard " L !!! T !!! " we keep moving closer . " s! w' " we pass over the tower and enter the 's cad ium . a deafen crowd roar be hear . " colt ! ! ! " CUT tg : a colt defensive lineman smashes into the giant 's quarterback , knock he to the ground with a thud . the colt be fire up . the Champion - ship be within they grasp . the scoreboard read : " giant 16 - colt 31 . " angle , Eddie , billy , shrevie , boogie and fenwick be or , they foot . Victory be minute away . ' eddie ( yelli no ) cino ! gino ! ( to billy ) he 's incredible . they should build .astarue , a monument to he . - something , you know . shrevie take the binocular from boogie , and look through they . shrevie W rich one ? - soogie second from the right . s'hrl '' vie ' S Pov thi ouch the b1i:000 . ars we see a cheerleader , then it pan to another cheerleader . boogie ( o.s. ) see she ? shrevie , ( o.s. ) yeah . how can you tell she 's not wear panty ? back to scene shrevie put the binocular down . boogi you have to wait nor she to ju p . s`r.evie and when she jump you see ? boogie I see everything . shrevie put the glass to he eye again . ( continued ) cont.inu , ed : Si ;.rev I come on ! jump ! boogie stile at fenwick . ' fenwick hold back a laugh . fenwick I think there 's a jump come up . the colt take possession of the ball and start to run the clock down . ` eddie moe point ! johnny , the bomb ! billy Ed , we have get it wrap up . eddie I do not want just a win . I want humiliation . goddarn New " fork team , think they be hot shit . ( yell out ) . -; h-ailzation ! - joh , .ny , ht iliaticn ! the cheerleader give a big cheer . feir 'wick Quick , shrevie . she 's go to j ump . shrevip cuickly start to bring the binocular u : ) , but boogie have he arm through the scrap . boogie cop . wait a record . shrevie tie to untangle boogie 's a= . fe .? ' ics too lace . __ --- shreve stare at bccgie a beat , t en. _aaliz_ he '.s . be very good . very good . the scoreboard clock tick down . the crowd count down the second . " 5 .. 4 . 3 . 2 . 1 . " fam4dlmojilt , .1 . the guy go crazy , grab and hugging one another . some of the crowd start to swarm onto the field . the guy follow . ( continued ) contimt1 D : T e_ late a`tet - soon sun ii as drop be - low - the `t end -_- the light .are on . a gray - golden haze envelop the field . fan be try to tear down : the goal post . billy , Eddie , shrevie , boogie and fenwick , hang from the goal post sing - ing the Baltimore colt fight song . there may be happier day ahead for the guy but this one will be hard to beat . the goal post finally come apart and the guy fall to the ground in a heap laugh happily . CUT to : _ in :.. fzl-wick '.s ap_ '' r1 " '1 , mnt - day fenwick sit watch the GE College bowl . the quiz show that pit one college against another . it 's a real game of intellectual skill . CA ?m-ra pan the apartment . I . it be imaginatively decorate in pink and turquoise color . five pink flamingos , four foot high , be place around the room . - - - - quiz ?! aster socrate be probably the great philosopher of the ancient world . plato be he student . for sixty point , who be the ocher famous student ? fenwicii : xenophon . ( CO : i d innl ed ) a buzzer ring . tv quiz mas 'te 'r Yale . yale te m leader xenophon . right for sixt point . xenwick ' Bout , -e , Yale . tv mamer that make thescore Z pr inceton 345 . Yale 290 . the hundred point toss - up . this eoration be sp oken to this who die fight sparta . who say this and when ? ' 0 you government be not copy from we neig hbor ... ' fe W , I ck ( scream the answer out ) percles , 413 .. . tv quiz faster ' we con tztutian be name a democracy ... fe:t ? i I ck cor_ection . pericles 431 . the buzzer ring . tv quiz master Prince ton . princeton t.ram leader ( still discussing with the ' - _ " :.ate ) a - - that be the peloponeslan War ... 'i J quiz easte I n ga wag to need a answer . princeton team leader aristotle . sorry . Yale ? tv quiz master ( no answer ) pericles 431 b.c. it ( continued ) ; c. contint : ld : be E :? ( he cheer ) fenwick take the lead again . CUT to - int . fenwick's bedroom - day the room be black . rcra pink flamingos be present . soogie be talk on the phone . through the wall we hear the GE College bowl and fenwick 's answer . boogie yeah , ma , I know I owe two thousand dollar . guess what ? I hear it before you . what a I go to do ? I be choice . get to find a way to pay it off . I ? I have get fifty 's ix dollar to my name . yes , I know I be in trouble . then they `ll kill I .__ ' what can - I -- - tell you ? no , not tonight . no dinner . I know what you be : lave . it 's Sunday . take -out chinese . I be a mind reader . all right , I be a wise guy . fenwick do not corrip t I . I cc=zap t ed hi or we go t outside help . fenwick ( 0.s. ) ( through the wall ) darwin . Origin of the species . 1859 . CUT b.kck to : int . liv ? no room - day tv quiz master that 's all the time we have this Sunday . next week uaryland versus ucla . fe :t6 7ck i I will wipe they out . boogie come into the live room and grab he winter coat off a chair . the show 's close theme begin . boogie . talk to shrive . he 's go to lend I to hundred . ( CO : tini , ed ) J 2. continued : go over now ? boogie yeah fe icx I be go to drop in a my brother . might be able to get some buck from the to-!st . boogie Howard ? really ? fenwick shrug he shoulder . boogie ( continuing ; real sincerity ) I appreciate that , fen . I know ho°.r you guy feel about one another . ferwick wave he off . he do not like any fcr of praise . boogie start for the door . boogie ( continuing ) with the heathrow bet and all , I should be close . see ya . he exit . CUT to : in 't . sh? evie and bet -.-.' S house a 43 record drop down the sl_ ;.d'e . the tone be come forward and gently rest on the record . a rock and roll song start to play . shrevie be look 'og through he extremely large reccrd rac:t . something be bother he . he pull out one record , then another . sere vie Beth ! betht Beth be in another room . beth ( o.s. ) - what ? ( ccntin ed ) s0 . continued : come herel seth ( 0 . S. ) I be work on a crossword puzzle . shrevie come herel Beth stick she head in from the other room . beth what ? shrevie have you be play my record ? beth yeah . so ? shrevie didn`t I tell you the - procedure ? beth ( cbviously having hear this dis - cuss_on before ) yes . you tell I all about it , shrevie . they have co be in alphabetical order . - shrevi ( like a teacher to a student ) and what else ? beth they have to be ? _le accord to year as well . alphabetically and accord to year . okay ? ` shrevie and what else ? Bet ;think . shrevie ( continuing ) and what else ? beth ( confuse , then angry ) I do not know l to ( c0intt vzd ) L ?? con 'tin jed : I - - - -_ - S hrevif - _- - --- let I give you a hint . I find James Brown file under the be instead of the 's , but to ton it off you rut he in the rock and roll section ! instead of the R and B section ! how could you do that ?! beth it 's too complicated ! every time I pull out a record there 's a whole procedure to go thrcugh . I just want to hear music , that 's all ! ° shrevie be it too much to keep record in a category ? R and B , with R and B. rock and roll with rock and roll , you would not put Charlie ga : ktr with rock and rill , would you ? Beth say nothing . SI : revie ( continuing ) would you ?!!! beth I do not know ! who 's Charlie parker ? shrevie almost go out of he mind . srireji . , jaz , !!!! Jazz !!!! ja??it ! ! ! ! i+ T h what be you get so crazy about . it 's only Music . it 's not chat big a deal . - s'r '.fe VI it - 's ! do not you understand that !!? it 's important to I ! they stare at one another . shreve try to control he temper . Beth 's eye become watery . holding back tear . beth why do you yell at I ? I never see you yell at you friend . shrevie pick a record . any record . ( contin ed ) I _ bete._ W " to t ? sh revie pick a record ! Beth move over to the record rack and pull out a recoil she hold on to it , not sure what shrevie want . shrevie ( cantinu - no ) what 's the hit side ? bzt ?? I ' dream . ' the everly Brothers . shrevie ask I what 's on the flip side ? beth why ? SE E ask I what 's on the flip side . beth what 's on the flip side ? '' shrevi Bird dog. 1951 . you do not ask I thing like that . do you ? never ! beth L ?? because 1 do not give a shit ! care about the flit side ? i shreed =e I do I he gen t 1y th=bs through a han d _u1 ezp record sh .evie /. ( co\i linuin c. ) every one of this mean something . the label . the producer . the year they be make . who be copying whose style or expand on it . hear this and they bring back certain time in my life . ( he stare at her coldly ) dc not ever touch this again . ever . he start cut of the room . he turn back to Beth . ( CC 7in ed ) 63 . continlc.d : S I first meet you at Modell 's sister 's high school graduation party . - 1955 . .' ai not that a shame ' be play as I walk in the door . he exit and slam the door shut . CUT to : e27 . residential STREET - day boogie drive down the quiet street and pull over in front of shrevie 's modest duplex . he quietly exit he desoto and walk up to the front door . he ring the door - bell and wait . Beth open the door . she hold some kleenex in she hand . beth - oh , hi. boogie . he notice she look upset , but say nothing . boogie shrevie here ? beth no . boogie be he come back soon ? I talk with hi a littl_ while azo . Said he would be in . bet I do not kno : a . she start to cry . boogie put he a= --.s around she and - hold she close . - boogie what 's wrong , babe ? beth he ever yell at you ? boogie uh a t ? ( consi : njeo ) 64 . coni int cd ( choking back her tear ) I do not know wn'at to do . we have get a real problem . boogie ( stroking she hair ) go on , cry . just - cry , babe . they stand in the doorway . beth. cry uncontrollably . . boogie hold . she . comfort she . CUT to : e=. fenwick ' S brother' ficuse - night fenwick and he olc:er brother foward stand in the driveway argue . it be dark , the main source of light cone from a wringht iron lamp post can the property . the house - in design . - through t? -? ictl - - --- - be large , very modern window we see small rhi ? dzen at play in the live room . fz1 wi c'c ? he 's in trouble . do not you know about friendship , Howard ? howard five hundred dollar ? fznwicx four hundred , three hundred . at ever you can afford . howard maybe this be a lesson for yoi2 . if you work , you would have some money to lend he . - fev jicx - - yeah , I know . I be irresponsible . dropped out of college . wo not work in the family business . I be a disgrace . that 's a good reason for keep I out of you house , God know . howard you be a bad example . F 41 c.&lt ; Far be it from I to disagree . ( i?ore ) ( continued ) con : ued fenwick ( coin ' D ) give I 's cme money , 7 , oward . - howard you ever read a book ? fenwick huh ? howard read . do you ever read ? ?? ywick never . howard you should read Dale Carnegie 's ' how to win Friends and influence people . ' fenwi ck I have it or . ny night table . it 's right under ' hew to Wax you car . ' give I some money , Howard . howard where do you get this attitude ? r.ti^wi C 1 I borrow it . have - to have it back by midnighr . Howard . fenwick sta . ?s to pace the driveway . his anger be build - ing . h owa rd I should talk to daddy about stop you trust fund . it 's kill you initiative . fe ywic '?. bi .. g trust - % :nd . one ht.dre dollar a month until I be twenty - ch_ee . granddad be a real rockefeller . suddenly fenwic 'k lunge at he brogher , grab he over - coat by the lapel , push he up against the la , . ; p post . fen 'wic ( continuing ) Howard , it 's important . ( more ) ( CO ; ?° TI `b ? D ) c0 ntinu-d . frnwick ( cont 'd ) - come--0-the7wi--s-e -dc1Z like to see you , so you know it 's FL - very important .. howard get of ?. fe ; wick I despise you and ' yet I be here . howard get off . fenwick let go of he and start toward he care fenwick funny . as a little kid I always want a brother . I tell that to Mom once . she say , ' you have a ?rother . ' I say , ' ch , thaws who the asshole in the other bed fenwick get in he tri=ph and pull away , Howard shake he head in disgust . D be cu to : ext . mov t.e tr.?t - nig 't Eddie and billy walk toward the theatre . he marquee read : " La dolce vita . " f.?d ; so , what be you go to do ? B illy it 's up to she . her ? ycu have get a big decision to make . we could make it a double wedding . they reach the box office and hand over a dollar apiece and get t- . ; of ticket in return . cu to : I iti't . lobby - night V 11 i egui?_;0?`? lit there t of CA dv -c l::l?r . no popcorn , and only coffee be serve as abeverage , eddie what the hell 's go on here ? nothing to eat . billy it 's a art theatre . eddie ( throwing billy a look ) puck art . they oughta get some popcorn in here . they head into the theatre . CUT to : I not . theatre - - night 'r " hle filr be in progress . a statue of Christ be be fl ( , with - n across Rome , dangle from wire as a helicopter carry it . Eddie upon see this turn to bi11y . eddie h W at arnnl I watch ? it just start and I dcn ' t k:.cw what 's happening billy it 's syrbol_c . eddie yeah ? he give billy the - " jerk - of " ' I icn , - CUT to : ext . native` ? SCE ' te - night the camera pan the face of the three wise man , then core to rest on fenwick 's face . after a beat he half pint come into view and he take a swig . he shake he head in disgust . as we move back we - see that the eby Jesus be go . fenwick be very bother by this . ( cj " ri` ; lad ) contim .j ) - --- __ e=` i - - - kid . kid do this . a sacrilege for chris'saka .. he sit down on the hay next to one of r.he sheen . he - take another sprig on the bottle . CUT to : int . s':? reviz be car - night shrevie drive along , still come down from he fight with Beth . as he move alozig we see St. agnes a the right up ahead . the nativity display can not be see clearly . we move closer . closer .. shrevie notice something unusual . out of curiosity he paya clcser attention . we see the nativity scene more clearly now . everything be zhe same except F enw - ick have replace the baby Jesus . - he ile there next to the figure of Mary in he jockey short . because of the scale ofrthe display , fer.wick lock like a enormous baby . shreve slam on he brake and pull over to the curb . he quickly get out c16 the Hudson and walk uo the slope toward the manger . CUT . to : int . mo v Ie thea - - NI cht Eddie be bored to death . he sit in the chair he eye droop , fight to stay awake . billy be con Le ely involved . suddenly a Light flash on they . they turn , toward the source . a zsh=r stand hold a flashlight shrevie be rh he . S h evie ( to the usher ) that 's t'e guy . ( tu billy and Eddie ) come on [ emergency ! B illy what be it ? ( c0 ntinv D ) colt inij D : shrevie come on !! the guy quickly get u eddie what 's wrong ? shre vie fenwick ' 's in the manger . as they head down the aisle : B illy what ? shrevie he 's in the manger and he will not leave . eddie the manger ? _ _ - - - sh :e vie I have never see he like this . they e-% --;t through the swinging doer to the lobby . CUT to ex 77 . ST . agnzs church - night fenwick happily lie in the manger sprawle out in the hay . alt : cuzh he be almost naked , he seem i..? ;:.•ne to the chid night air , however , he battle certainly help as a warmer . he hes " Little town of bet. -lehem . " the guy core across the church ground . fen - , rick see they and smile . E nwi ck come , three more wise man you have hear of the m eddie let 's go , fen. fe . TI ; ck you must have travel far , Rest you weary foot . ( CO : vtinled ) ccntin ied : billy t:.e price will be-here . somebody 's go to spot you . fenwick this be a big smile . do not you t`_ : ink ? shrevie yeah , come on . - the guy prod he on . fenwick will have none of it . billy reach down to help fer:wick up . fenwick push hi= awa• - . fenwi ck not Eddie and shrevie try to help out . fenwick struggle with they . he grab hold of a wise man . 3illy try to pull he off it . the wise man topple over . the guy co itimue to struggle with he . billy be knock b.ckward and part , of the 's t=uctur -e rail down . - cl - ' t0 : 12n7 . foli ce car - night two man drive along , patrol the street . off to the right they see what be happen in the naliv ty display . it look like a riot-has break out in the manger . a sheep suddenly sail through the air . the SI .e wail . ext . church ground - night h T e guy be still struggl ing with fenwick . everything be a mess . they hear the siren and the activity quickly come to a halt . as the police apprcac:h - , the guy stand very still . rhe three guy be stand side by side . ferur_ck be i= the hay . in a odd way it look like a new version of the nativity . eddie ( out of the side of he mouth ) what do we do ? F billy Cho ice . CUT to : iitr. lock - up - NI ( = be enrrick be in a call alone . Eddie and shrev_ be in the calm moo-him - billy zs l?acrosssfro ?h - lock up with another guy . the light be low . fenwick and shrevie be asleep . billy and Eddie stand by the bar talk to one another . eddie I add a cou ple killer question to the test . tomorrow night 's the showdown . billy she study hard ? eddie better be . otherwise she 's off to Cuba alone . billy wish I know what to do about darbara . the cell mate star pu rirg he - 6ing er in bil iy ' 's - ha{ be .-. - billy push he away . he try to ignore he . lddie get marry . take she back to school . get a part time job . by the time the kid arrive you ' will have you Masters and all 's well . billy and what about she job ? eddie , her job ? I give you a answer and you confuse it by bring she into the problem . billy push the guy away again . B illy ( to the csllr.ate ) take a walk . o eddia ) Ed , she 's in this thing . there 's two or US . she love she work and ... and she do not want to marry I . that 's the bottom line . eddie C - you be deal with a irrational girl . ( : lore ) ( continued ) ccn 'tint ed : eddz - mcpn -t ) 4 that 's you problem . billy push the guy away , from h ; again . B illy listen , find somewhere else to stand , buddy . guy what 's wrong , cutie ? be I bother you ? eddie you hear he , back off . the guy grab at billy . billy push h ilm off . guy you go to do something about it ? ( he grab at - bdm again ) .. huh ? eddie ( yelling ) back off he , sa:uck ! guy ( to billy ) you. go to do some th_rg about it ? huh ? huh ? huh ? billy push the s-uy back against the ' ha ' 1 , than noe into a box stance . B illy ( very calmly ) you want to fight ? that what you want ? cane on . come on , you son - of - a- bitch , . I will hit you so hard I will kill you whole ` _ amil ; respect billy stand there wait . the guy do not know what to make of this threat . he could be deal with a real tough kid . he look at billy , unsure wheth .: be to tes` hi^ . billy stand ready . Eddie watch . after a few second the guy sit down or . the cot . billy sneak Eddie a look and smile . T I police station - night billy , :dd=e , shrevie and they fa7r_ 'rs walk dcwn the police corridor . eddie ' S fa :=r we care Jimmy 's father , but he say he would not post bail until the morning . he want to teach he a lesson . cay-71ra pan to billy and he Father . billy father we get back from Florida , open the door aid the p-olice call . T billy that 's what I call gcod it .ing . how 's m.om ? billy father she 's fine . I think you be go to . come _dowa for a __few day -- _ after the school break . bill y thing come up . the y round a cor ::er . . cas RA hold on the empty co id.c be . clri to ? tysalna1 _ be v l.z , ru• ..? g y n boogie be finish put roller in a middle 4 . ge woman ' S hair . W orel one of this day I ray try another hairstyle , not yet . bocci whenever you be ready . boogie notice Beth enter the store . she look around , then approach boogie . beth hi , bocg . boogie ( with a hairpin in he mouth ) Beth . ( co.1 tin ) R continued beth - be t . ' sc?ithw ??- - boogie he will be back . he go down the street for some donut and coffee . what 's up ? he put the last curler in place . beth well , you know , we be all get we hair do for the wedding . boogie lead the woman toward the hair dryer . Beth follow . beth ( continuing ) the bridesmaid , the whole group . and I be i. i charge of make sure that Mr. sol can handle we . without any problem . . maybe have -- ?: ccra cperate cr - somethi:.g. boogie sit the wort dcwnr under the dryer and turn it on . he hand she a magazine . boogie ( to the woman ) here 's the Saturday even Post . ( to - beth ) I do not know what . he 's plan . bet : D you be not work t at day , be you ? a stocky set guy , enter the salon . bccgie notice . boogie no . so , I guess he 's get sc wet hi.ng arrange ; - - - - i: : = guy motion for beo , gie to come over . boogie ( continuing ) he will be back . wait around . bcogie walk to the front of the store where the guy wait . ( con tin B ) 75 . continued : id ( continuing ) how you do , tank ? tank nod for boogie to follow . they exit the beauty salon . CUT to : ext . beauty salon - day tank and boogie come out of the shop and walk around the side of the building that lead into a small alley . tank you have a payment to make . boogie yeah , I will have it tonight . tank suppose to have it last night . no one in the office . get a call . boogie it be a mistake . forget . tonight . I have get some bet that I have call in . I will have it . tank look bookie straight in the eye . t.-l k do not bullshit I , boogie . boogie s?caight . I will have it . tank start to turn away . he quickly tu= - ns back and punch boogie with a hard fist to the stomach . bccgie double up . his breathe come hard and fast . ir - no do you think you be fuck with ? you think this be kid stuff ? he push the now helpless bocgie against the wall . tank ( continuing ) you think this be fun and game ? Little game that kid play , huh ? ( continued ) 75a . continued : h-e - 's ' ?? be ouz d-- t :re head - tank ( ton : inui - no ) ' Cause , I be not amused . tonight , boogie . no if - ands-or-buts . tank walk away . boogie slowly straighten up , take in a few breath and feel . he stomach . CUT to : int . beauty - salon - day ( niinute laser ) boogie enter the shop . beautician boogie , there 's a call for you . boogie have get himself together now walk over to phone and answer it - boogie . hello ? c= -701 ? just - tilink about you . what ? the flu ? be you sure ? 102 , yeah , that do not sound good . okay , babe . take care . I will call and check up on you . feel better . ' bye . ( cunbibvi.ed ) continued : so -o h : " , , 's - up - bra - he 's in deep trouble . he look across the room at Beth who sit in a chair read a magazine . he watch she . thought race across he .ind . he walk over to she and sir down . booc : E ( continuing ) feeling better today ? beth I be not cry . that 's about the only improvement . thanks for last night . I need someone to just be there . boogie felt like old time , you kZow . stand Li , the doorway . ( a small laugh ) like I be dating you main . beth boog , , , when we be dating , cfid you care fcr I ? b00 gi= sure I do . beth 11o : because you could do thing to I , but because you care ? boogie of curse , Beth . there be plenty of girl for that , you know , if a guy want a pop . but I get to tell you , you be real good . be ? bcogiz believe I . beth how would I rate ? boogie right up there . we have some good night . still think about that time , and that 's long ago . CC : v'tinl ed Beth lock away . her eye start to tear up . she be on the edge of - break dawn . beth I do not have any sense what I be like any -.ore . do not ?- - , ow what I be . if what I wear be nice . if I look pretty ... just lose all sense of I . boogie I do not know what shrevie do not tell ya , but you have nothing to worry about . yo•i're a definite looker . a sexy lady . ( a beat ) we should get together sometime . they sit in the chair , look off in opposite direction . boogie ( continuing ) shrevie go over to Eddie 's for elyse 's football test ? beth yeah ? '' be you go ? boogie no . be h can we get together tonight , bcog ? boogie have accomplish what he wart . bu= he 's not happy about it . boogie yes . CUT to : 1 '.'7l . tele ]rs ion station - NI ( 7r . T billy and Barbara walk dowr . the corridcr . billy be angry . billy it 's mine as well . I have something to say in this as well . do not I ? ( coi ; 1 ntje ) I 1 continued ( speak quietly ) I be not talk about do anything drastic , a abor pion or anything like that . billy well , I get the feel I be not even include . barbara keep you voice down . billy I be half responsible for this mess T barbara plea --e . do not be so loud . she see a door and opei :s it . bap3apa ( continuing ) in here . be billy enter . she close the door bei.ind . CUT to int . annolncbr ' S booth - day i' . rough the , glass partition we see the control roc= and the stu io floor belc-w . there be some acti• ti`y gci g on in preparation for . the rrd-day newscast . B illy have you be to the doctor yet ? - bia?3a ..a. billy why not ? bazbapa I be afraid to . ccnfi -. you worst fear , as they say . CUT to . ' 6r in - 77 - control boo - le , - day J S t e c. -- " . I C a e c ing of u t equ ; pmentprio . to a tie in the b.g. , through the -glass partition , we see Barbara and billy talk in the s:=all announcer 's booth . on the monitor above we see the daily soap opera . the audio to one of they be on . the audio a ask for voice check on the floor microphone . CUT back to : int . announcer's booth B illy what do we do ? do not you think we should explore the situation ? Barbara sit on the desk . a small light be d;rectly behind she . at prese . it it be not on . barbara - I can not believe ' this ' happen . I be hardly the adventurous type . some :.ow i:. just dcesn ' t see= fair . CUT back to : tnt . control booth , the audio man complete he audio check . directly behind he we see billy and Barbara in the glass boot ; :. 'ie pick up a paper and put he foot up on the audio c : , nscle . accidentally , he kick on a switch . cu BA ci , bo : i' T . a.?n:1ol'nc :.r' S boot 'ri the li?^z behind Barbara turn red . barbara and that make il very difficult . cu i back to int . control room - day h T e soap opera continue . we hear the audio to t::l show . a couple be - have l=ch in a restaurant . ( conti - nued ) coh " tinl D : T L a ? L -t.&amp;ar ??l y_an .? i- r•aab be - s- '• u41 to '-? trtra .:: V h but very low key . soap opera man he 's very , very ill soap opera woman you be there ? barbara' voice I have a great affection for you , willy . you be my close friend . soap opera woman if he die , what will we do ? camera hold a the soap opera ncnichr , the audio man who read the paper , and billy and Barbara in the b . g . barbarja ' S voice I will not marry you , not out of - _convetaence . - - - -- -- - soar opera m..nl I th_nk we should wait . barbara' voice not because it 's the thing to do . God , I sound disgustingly brave . CUT to : lat . iddie ' S club cellar - t?ig ? it f.d ? ; ie 's we be looking up a flight of ste ; .s. a door oven . Father stand there . eddie ' S F ai :er ( yelling down ) ---- how 's she do ? s}ipejie ( o.s. ) elyse have about a 72 so far , but she 's hit a bad streak . Eddie 's Father come down the step . we see shrevie , fen - wick , Modell , and billy gather . the basemen have a bar with neon light around it , so as to set it off as a show - piece in the room . the wall be knotty pine . - ( cja ; 1 : tjed ) T T ccnttnued : Eddie and elvse_are _not - in the rocn : _ they _a-e_j lat : ndry room . the door be partial l.y open . we hear : eddie ( o.s. ) before the Cleveland Browns join the ntl they be in another league . what be it .- abed ? ' elyse ( o.s. ) another league ? eddie ( o.s. ) yes . lo n g pause . the guy eagerly await the answer . elyse ( o.s. ) I do not know . shrevie shake he head and make a mark on a piece of paper . billy what 's it now ? sh ? , be vie I do not know a more . maybe about a 67 . billy pass be 65 ? SE E vie yep . eddie ( 0.s. ) buddy Young play for a team 't a.t no longer exist . what be the name of that tea= ? all the guy lock at one ano then . a very tough gtpesticn . eddie fa % : er anybody know that ? ncr.e of the guy have the faintest idea . elyse ( o.s. ) the New York yankee football team . inued ) continuo : eddie . ( 0 . S . ) tu - 9 modell the New York yankee footba?l team ? eddie' r1iher they be also in the american Conference . I contribute that question . eddie ( o.s. ) h T at be the lrngest run from scrimnaga by a rookie in he first game ? S hrevie Alan ameche . eddie ( 0.s. ) we hear that in here . I be disqualify that question . - elyse ( o.s. ) I know that . 79 yard run . open day 1955 . eddie ( o.s. ) sorry , elyse . billy you blow that , shrevie . S E " iie sorry . I get exc.te . it 's one of the few question I k-:et -:. billy how many more ? I do not know . I have lest count . the door to the ton of the stair open . eddie ' S o N the ? stand there . + eddie ' S mother elyse 's mother be on the phone . how 's she do ? eddie be ra '? her the guy think it could go either way . ( conti` tue ) continued : eddie ' S mctilr E t_ er way . ay . - sheclose the door . - eddie ( U.S. ) the colt sige he . a heisma - n trophy winner who decide to play in Canada . now , however , he play for the team . what 's he name . the ca? zri a pan the face of the guy . - erlyse ( C.S. ) heis=an trophy winner . l.g. dupre . eddie ( o.s. ) no. billy vessel . er.yse ( U.S. ) I should have know tha - eddie ( 0 :?.? ' should of ' do not count . fz'ywi ck vessel . out of Oklahoma . modell she could of rack up point on that one . , : : vie I have no idea what the score be now . mcde` - T. want to bet she go do , .- n , for the count ? adl ( 0.5 . ) - T ast question . the guy and Eddie 's Father c ghc :2n up . tension fib the room . eddi : ( o.s. ) ( continuing ) the colt have a team here , lose the franchise , then get one from Dallas . what be the color of the original colt team ? co:tt hued ) continl`ed : woo . a ball buster . modell ( :.sol to himself ) the original color ? eddie' fat : R also my question . elyse ( o.s. ) original color ? Green and gray . - eddie ( 0 . S - ) right . B illy ( jumping up and app lauding ) a real scrapper ! tough question and she pull it out of a hat . the other guy do not share he excitement . billy ( continuing ) come on , guy . Green and gray . any of ycu guy know that ? Cone on . - give she credit . n T I i9 we hear eddie 's. voice . the guy quickly " shhhs doom . shre iz tct&lt ; , l 's come up . eddie ( o.s. ) true and false . 72 . multiv?e choice . 58 . modell __ - _ killer choice . conf ::sing . eddie ( c.5 . ) short answer . 64 . Eddie total . the guy wait . billy what do you think ? mo DELL pick them . . ( C 0 not inled ) I cch ' inued : Eddie ' 5 - Father walk the war eddie ( 0.s. ) the tocal be ... 63. I elyse ( o.s. ) oh not be E wi ck a cliff hanger . . billy two point . S hrevie what do you think he will do ? eddie ' S father he will give it to she . good sportsmanship be worth two point . the door - to the ? aundry room -open . Eddie step into the - room . he look at the guy and he Father . eddie the marriage be off . CUT to : int . boogie' car - night he sit in the car and wait . Beth come out of the house and dc --m the walk . she get in the , car - and 's la: .s the dcc m shut . she be excited . she lean over and kiss bccgia on the cheek . beth w' ere be we go ? - boogie - - ferwick ' 's apa_ amen t . he hand she a long blonde wig . boogie ( continuing ) here , put this on . be try what 's that for ? ( c0intinjzd ) contin=m : - boori° __ case someone see we . ' they might . think you be Carol heathrow , or somebody like that . she slip the wig on she head and straighten it out , beth how 's it look ? boogie Fine . jus t fine . ' they ' drive away . CUT to ext . '' eddie ' S house - night fenwick and shrevie walk out the front door . from inside we hear yelling and sc3e. L no between - Eddie and -his _-parent shrevie you go up to the direr ? fenwi C +. no , get to validate the heathrow bet . shrevi ? Christ , yeah , of course . they approach they car . ( continuing ) fen , you mind if I come along ? fenwick think about it . SII ; vie ( ccntinsi_ng ) I will not matp a so=d . ff_ . T i I cx it 's a small closet . gotta be will . shrvie great . , : they get into fenwick 's car and do . - ; e off . CUT to : - ext . S T reze T - night boogie drive he desoto along . Beth , wear the blonde - " grp ; 's shy a.s si4e . CUT to : ext . S tr Z T - might fenwick 's triumph turn . a corner and head down another street . CUT to : init . car - night fenwi ck the flip side of donna ? shrevif . easy . La bamba . CUT to : int . bccgie ' S car - night boogie be uncomfortable . know what he be about to do be wrong . Beth be silent . - CUT to : F int . F =ti'wick ' S afar tnt - nigh„ fenwick and shrevie enter the dark acar t=enc . fenwi ck doesn : ' t t•. : , - m on the light . they nog c toward the bedroom . CUT to : --- int .-- bedroom - night -. the room be ' dark . ' a shaft of light corn through a win- dow offer the only source of illumination . fen-wick open the closet door . shrevie step inside . f-nwick 1 you crouch . I will stand . shrevie kneel down . fenwick enter and close the door . it. retain about four inch open . CUT to : shrevie ( o. S . ) Fine with I . good view . CUT to : ext . be en 'wi c:x' S apartment - night boogie and Beth be walk toward the apar o_r. : building . boogie you have get to be real quiet inside . no talk . beth I think you be a little paranoid . the wall be very , very thin . promise ? bet ; I sure . they approach the door . boogie unlock it . he start co open the doer , then close it . he 's change he mind . boogie let 's go . he take she by the a= and lead she away . Beth be ccn - fuse . boogie ( continuing ) it 's a mistake , Beth . Bet or no -- bet - beth what ? they approach the car . bocgie open the door . Beth get inside . be '? :- i ( continuing ) what be you talk about ? boogie close the door and go around to he side . he get in , start the engine and pull away . CUT 70 int . bedroom - ang 't on r- : slightly opened closet door - night fenw1c { ( o.s. ) they should be here now . sh vie ( c..s . ) let 's wait . c. T to int . car - night boogie be very urser , with hi=self . Beth be calm . she hold the blonde wi '' in tier lap . beth I be suppose to be Carol heathrow ? boogie that 's right . sick thing to do . I be real sorry . they drive i.^. silence . Beth play with the blonde hair of the wig . bet : thank you . , boogie for what ? beth at least you have enough respect for I to call it off . that say a lot . a beat . boogie shreve and you should work out ya t t:.i_^.g B ; . -r -: T wish I k=ew what to do . 300 gie I be not real good at talk to girl when there 's problem and all . with I , if I have a hassle with a girl , I just split . but you guy should try something . - it would be worth it . CUT to : ext . shrevi and beth' house - night bowie 's car be cull over . - Beth 's door be openand she stand on the curb talk to boogie inside the car . beth what be you go to do about the money ? boogie szug he shoulder and smile at she , boogie take care , babe . Beth close the door : boogie drive he desoto away . btth watch he as he disappear down the street . CUT to : tnt . strip joint - nig 'it - bil ly and Eddie be in one of the club on Baltimore 's famous block . in the b.g. a bored stripper go through . the mo tion . the ' drier thzy .:. -? ps out a monotonous beat and a saxophonist drone away , - a few sailor and some other customer sit at cable around the stage area . all t h e table have wooden =a ? let . when the stripper do something they especially like they pound the table with try Le mallet . billy and Eddie both have beer and chaser in front of then . billy sip the chaser and he body actually shake from it for a few second . billy there be no reason to actually like this , you know that . eddie a acquire taste billy no matter- how long - I drink - whiskey I still do not like it . he take another sip , and once again shake . then he sip the beer . billy ( continuing ) now beer 's another story . ( cont inued ) 91 . continued eccie watch t::e stri pa= zn owe a few bps a g in s. eddie you know something ? billy what ? eddie I do not iike stripper . I mean , so they show a little here and there . so what ? but , give I a coc. rle of ranoosas in a pink sweater .. , look out ? billy remember the first time we become aware of breast on girl ? eddie arlene stowe . bill y show up for the new school year and there they be . eddie seventh grade . billy we give little Joel cher -- I a nickel - apiece to find cut be they be real . told he to be slnbcle . he walk over , reach uc and grab . t::rned to we and yell , ' they be real ! ' eddie the whole thing with girl be painfu ?. and it keep get acre painful ... instead of easier . billy downs he beer and order tt , of more . billy remember ' copping a feel ' ? boogie be the first . Said it be great . so , when I tcck out Ruth Ray I figure I have to do it . eddie Ruth Ray , eighth grade . CC continued : right . Sat on the couch in she club cellar for hour , try to figure out a way to get my arm arc : , tzid she . finally , I learn the ' move . ' I yawn and put my arm around she shoulder . he demonstrate on Eddie . - billy ( continuing ) I then come the big task of get my hand down to her-breast . by the time I work un the nerve to move down , I realize my arm be asleep . figure out there be not enough time to take it back , ge6 the feel again , acid start over . have to be in by eleven . time be run out . so , I move toward - the breast - with my arm - ----- asleep . my first copping a feel be like this . - he bang he limp arm against Eddie 's chest . he bps it again . billy ( continuing ) next time I see the guy they say , ' do you cop a feel ? ' I say , ' yeah . ' ' how be it ?' ' great . ' Eddie laugh and billy join in . cj1 to : ---ext . - diner - night R bocgie pull into the diner parking lot . fenwick and shrevie race over to the car . boogie open the door . 17 ; bong , you should get outta here . tank 's Inside . boogie get out of the car and slam the door shut . he look coward the diner and think a moment . ( continued ) continued : S hr vie tiny con ycu wait until he split ? boogie he will just keep look for I . he start toward the diner . boogie ( continuing ) Hand 's deal . might as well play the card . the guy hang behind ? boogie continuft on . Inside the diner we see tank move along the aisle toward the door , boogie head for the door . just as he reach it , tank step outside . - tank boag .. boogie ' tank . -- tank lucky can . boogie that so . of k yeah . the bagel just raid off you debt . boogie look at he , try to size up the situation . wcnderirg if he 's rnine a nurbey for scale reason . B cog I E we be even ? straight ? of k t'hat 's the story . tank start past boogie . boogie tank tank tu :s . boogie slam he fist into he stcwach . tank drop to one knee in pain . ( cc'ttinl ' C ) 94 . continued : ougie ( continuing ) I still owed you that . he enter the diner . fenwick and shrevie be amaze by what just happen . CUT to : int . diner - night boogia approach bagel wl_o sit at a booth alone . he join hi -- boogie thanks , bagel . bagel you mother call . she be frantic . so , out of respect for you -f at :.er. - - - he sip he coffee . then h, . i pick up a toast bagel and butter it . bagel ( continuing ) you mother feel you be just waste you t4 - --e in law school it 's not for you . bcogie probably right . bagel ccee to work for I . there 's a lot of money to be make in the home improvement business . you would be very good at it . boogie think about it . bagel chew on he bagel . boogie well , I be only really use law as a come=on for the girl . they like that . but , what the hell . ( he smile ) I can always lie . the waitress pass .. ( ccntib3ued ) 95 . continued vvgih ( continuing ) enid , some french fries and gravy . bagel call the two thousand a advance . boogie I will work for you ... for awhile . then , I will have to move on to bigger thing . , . bagel always a dreamer , eh , boog ? boogie if you do not have good dream , bagel , you have get nightmare . he flash he a smile . CUT - to tnt . strip joint - night billy and ' Eddie be still driok at the bar . they be not drunk , just have - cy happy . eddie I will tell you one chinz that happen when you get mcrry . you have to give up you old friend . billy listen to the music , slapping he thigh , cry be get the band to pick up the beat . eddie ( cent inuing ) idle wi Fe want you to get new friend . ' Cause I and you have secret she will never know . and new friend can never be as good , ' cause we have get a history . billy it will not change , only if we let it . billy keep , slapping he thigh , but the dr. : mmer and the saxophonist continue on , unaware of billy 's private urging . ( continued ' ) c0n . ii 'lcd : bitt y for nti- yirg ? this be get I crazy . billy go toward the small stage . billy ( o.s. ) ( continuing ) come on , guyst pick up the beat ! they do not respond . Eddie sit at the bar amused . billy clap he hand to a strong rhythm , but of course , the guy pay no attention . billy go up on the stage and pull a cover off a small piano in the corner . he sit down and run he finger down the keyboard , then start to play . it bas a nice , pleasant sound to it . the do er and the saxophonist stop , not know what to do . the stripper also stop . the club bouncer at the front door turn toward the stage , notice something be wrong and make he way forward . billy 's " piano play become more intense . stronger . he drive the key hard . full tilt rock ane roll . the sound become infectious . the sailor and other customer pick up the beat . one after another they start to pound the table with the wooden mallet . Eddie move toward the stage bang empty beer battle together . the saxophonist join billy . then the dry --?e , . the stripper stand by the side of the stage watch . the music build . billy 's finger pound the piano . Eddie j L ps up on the stage and start dance around . he grab the stripper and they jitterbug . the sailor and other customer be cn they foot , bang . the mallet cr. the table for all they be worth . a room full of do - =..e , s. the lemon heighten . billy kick back the stool a la Jerry Lee Lewis . the crowd cheer . the bouncer cheer along . the saxophonist strut the stage play he heart out . the do 'er drive the bass do .:.m with he foot . his hand sweep back and forth across the skin . Eddie 's foot be fly . enthusiasm over grace . the scrip per be a whirlwind of motion and sexuality . the tempo be fierce . ( covti : tlzj ) F c0 nttnle : ril i " _lmi ikc tztt ?' ??rt , , ..- , p n ? can vnn ? + no r? the .sc build , and bunld , and to , en altogether they 's u.. ww&amp ; A. e place e:cplode in cheer and applause , CUT to : ext . tfz block - night billy and Eddie walk with they arm around the stripper . they be enjoy one another . eddie . let 's see . stripper first joke you remember . rddie ah , let 's see . filth ?rade . junior scholastic Magazine . hic ' tory hickory , doc._. _. the mouse run . up the .. , - clock . the clock strike one. , , and the other taro escape with minor injury . ' billy and the stripper boo . Eddie laugh . stripper that 's terrible . _ eddie fifth grade huWcr . S tripper since then you hu of have move up to the sixth grade , be that it ? Eddie laugh . he enjoy the put-down . _ ... _ eddie - you be all right . stripper you guy have make my night . you should come dewy , and hang out more often . eddie do not think I can . get mar --- ' ed . billy look - at he . - Eddie smile . ( coii T inlted ) eddie ( continuing ; to billy ) figure she would have get the Alan aaeche question that shrevie screw up . billy benefit of the doubt . eddie exactly . stripper I love wedding . just never find the time to settle ... or want to . ( to billy ) and you ? billy no marriage . stripper get a girl ? billy not really . just in love . strip ? er do the girl know ? billy yeah , I tell she about it . stripper told she ? do you show she ? billy think about that as they enter a all - ciaht cootee shop . CUT to : ext . coffee shop - night billy , Eddie , and the stripper sit in q.booth by the win- dow , eat , drink and laeeahing . the CA ? 'ra slowly . pull back . the first ray of morning light be break behind the building . the CA : " 'ra keep pulling back . CUT to : E cr. countryside - day , 'vn cc? ishol ' ride she horse across the gently roll hill . the ho L se and she - " be one ; Grace and bra she ride out of F : ' E. second later boogie ride a horse into fr .'% le . he pull up on the horse and cc .es to a stop . he watch Ann ride , then pull up he collar on he wool overcoat and ride off . boogie ride after Ann . although he be not a goad rider , he push to pick up ground .. finally , he pull alongside . Ann slow she horse and boogie do the same . boccie Nice morning . ann yes , it be . boogie morning I have always feel be a good time to ride . - Ann do not - respond . - boogie ( continuing ) ( for you live around here ? ann not around here . here . boogie look around what seem like endless ccun yside . he 's over , whelmed . lnn ( continuing ) which mean you be trespasp . boogie look she in the eye and flash he smile . boogie -- '--- I be wait no for a invite . Ann study he . ann let 's ride . she kick she horse and gallop off . boogie follow as they ride away from camera . ann ( continuing ) what 's you name ? ( coin til = ) ) continl D : bo CI ' boogie . as in Bobby shef Tel .. they ride over a crest and disappear from sight . CUT to : int . banquet hall - wedding room - night the " wedding rcom " have be elaborately decorate . potte blue and white flower in stand line the aisle to the blue and white flower -d altar . the room be a festival of blue . and white . the guest sit in fold ;.ng chair eagerly wait for , the wedding procession to begin . the music begins . however , it be not the traditional wedding math but rather the Baltimore colt ' fight song . even though the organist have soften it , there be still _a _ " rah - rah " quality to it . the flower girl come down the --- aisle throw white flower on the blue aisle . Modell with he girlfriend . girl riend what be that music ? mo DELL colt march song . sound good , huh ? the usher come for4ar3 . boogie and fenwick , follow by shrevie , who walk alone . they be all smartly dress in black tuxedo . the bridesmaid come forward . Beth and another girl . fol - low by tao more girl . follow by two more girl . billy and Eddie start down - the aisle . behind they be Eddie 's mother and Father . they walk on either side of he grandmother . the colt ing song continue on . Eddie see someone sit one seat in from the aisle . he whisper to billy . billy Moon Shaw ? where ? ( continued ) cont ? nuzd : to t rh ? -:td. b:l117 1 k5 otter . billy ( C ontinuing ) you be right ? as they start to - pass , billy lean into the row and grab Moon Shaw by the shirt . he pull back he fist . jxoor be - shocked . - billy ( continuing ) hi , moon. ° he smile , let he go and rejoin Eddie , have miss only a few step . no one be quite sure what have happen . quickly the attention be back to the wedding procession . long shot -. the hall -- as elyse and she - mother and -- father - come down - the-ai-s7le . - cijt to : int . wedding room . - tight shot - eddie be .- ac night iab3i ( o.s. ) do you , Edward , take this woman , elyse , to be you lawful wedd wife ? ' for better or worse , in sickness and in health , . until death do you part ? eddie I do . rabbi ( o.s. ) do you , elyse ... tigh shot - fenwic { ' S face cbi ( o.s. ) take this man , Edward , to be ... tight shot - boogie' face rabbi ( o.s. ) you lawful wedd husband . t for better or worse ... tight shot - billy face r4_3bi -( o.s. ) in sickness aril in health , till death do you part ? tight shot - eddil ' S face elyse ( o,s . ) I do . Eddie smile . rabbi ( o.s. ) I now proncui ce yot a and wife . CUT to int . banquet mall - night - the hall be also decorate in blue and white . the table clothes , th_e napkin , ribbon , flower , the bandstand , - -. - - - __ - ---.- the band . the six - piece band play a nice , perky , dance t not . some woman dance with woman . mother dance with son , father and daughter and some husband with wife . shrevie dance with Beth and they seem to be enjoy themselves . c.? nara pan to fenwick and the eleventh grader , Diane . diane why not travel the United States ? fr`iw ck it 's be do . Europe . Europe look like a smile . cr=1 ' RA PA ns to boogie and Ann c'._sho '.m . he be staetieg co walk coward the buffet table . ann Bobby , I think I will have a few more of . ( hold up a hors d'oeuv - E ) , whatever this hor d' oeu ' e be . caa PA pan' to a banner on the back wall that read : eddie and elyse . for the 60's and forever . CUT to int . banquet hall - night ( slightly later ) a slow song be playing . billy - and Barbara dance . barbara I make arrangemefits with my boss . he say not to worry . the job be mine . billy that be nice of he . barbara so , I will work and care for the child . it can be do . I will just have to put up with that who want to think badly of I . billy that 's not go to be easy . barbara I know the baby be ours , billy . we can both celebrate that . you can love he just as much , spend time with he or she . boogie and Ann pass then boogie kiss Ann lightly on the cheek . billy you know what I realize just yesterday ? I have be intimidate by you . I always like you because you be strong , independent , and all . but I have be intimidate by that as well . I have always hold -. back with you .- when we kiss , I hold back . the same when we make luve in New York . I keep think I have to be special , like normal passion be not proper ... as if it be just too ordinary and we be beyond that . Barbara pull away from he slightly so she can see he face . there 's a sad look in he eye . ( contin ed ) continued : barbara if that 's the case , think that 's a hard thing to correct ; she kiss he , they hold each other tightly , barbara ( continuing ) we have get plenty of time to find out about one another . plenty of time . _ he .kiss she . they stand still on tha dance _floor nsother dance around they . CUT to : int . banquet hall - night ( later ) elyse stand with she back to the holding the bouquet up toward - the eagerl - await sj she toss the bouquet from the stage . seat at the table they look down at the bouquet , then at boogie , there be a faint smile on they face . the end