7 / dirty girl by abe sylvia wga registered first draft April 14 , 2005 norman , Oklahoma ~ 1989 over black : clarke ( v.0 , every gixl be bear ' with a reputation . ext . norman high school -~ lunchtime a pretty blonde girl take a seat with she friend . clarke { v.0 . ) some girl be sweet , dream of pageant glory arid republican meat . a homely girl make she ' way across the front lawn with a stack of book . clarke ( v.0 . ) some girl be hunchback , believe what they nre tell . never know that they poo-nanny be gold . three average ~ looking girl pile into a car giggle . clarke ( v.0 . ) some girl fall in between , live they life unremarkable and clean . a convertible mustang rock to and for , steam fill the window . clarke ( v.o. ) --. and some girl ... Clarke ( 15 , a soft -nature , overweight nerd with a bruise on he face ) watch as the mustang climax . clarke ( v.0 . ) -.. that be , the best girl ... the car door fly open . a stocky boy emerge put on he letterman 's jacket . a curly-headed figure , danielle , sit up in the backseat . she 's piss about something . clarke ( v.0 . ) ++. be bear dirty . danielle fuck you , asshole ! _ dust then , three large boy tackle Clarke and begin to beat he . black . title : '' dirty girl '' int . lifestyle choice CLASS mr . potter ( 35 , a hip - but~not - really sort a fellow ) stand before a blackboard with the word , '' choice '' , scrawle across it . mr . potter ' who can give I a example of a good choice ? a nice girl raise she hand . nice girl wait . I mean if a guy really like you , he will wait . and if he do not understand then , you know , so what . stocky Boy pass a fold note label '' danielle '' . mr . potter most excellent . but I know how it be . I be young too . we hormone will get the better of we . the only safe sex be no sex . if you do not stay busy , and practice abstinence , you could end up like this guy my mom know . §o tell I , what 's a healthy alternative ? the note make its way across the classroom , reach its destination . a redheaded girl raise she hand . Mr. Potter point to she . redheaded girl you could have a pizza party . the note be open . mr. potter right on ! who do not love pizza ? anyone else ? a clammy boy this time . mister Potter point . clammy boy bowl 's always fun . the note read , '' wanna fuck ? same time . - same place . '' mr. potter you say it , man . although I have to admit I myself be pretty rusty . the CLASS laugh . danielle ( 16 ) raise she hand , she fingernail polish be chip . she 's that girl that every high school have . the one who be more mature , more sexual , and somehow , just inexplicably dirty . her clothes be always too small , she hair be tease . she 'is a skinny girl with disproportionately large breast , which be she pride and joy . Mr. Potter notice danielle , but do not point . she speak without be call upon . danielle what be you thought on the pullout method ? mr . potter huh ? dantelle I mean if he spill on you belly you should be okay , right ? of course right after the moment of enchantment it only take like five second for thing to get all drippy . ( yelling at stocky Boy ) and practically ruin you upholstery ! !} {back to Mr. Potter ) it 's so hard to have nice thing . int . principal mulray' office danielle sit across from principal mulray ( late 40n , bald ) . principal mulray you must like the time we spend together . danielle it 's a real hoot . ne principal mulray you classmate . be impressionable , miss edmonston . you ear might be use to that kind of talk , but most of this kid come from good family . danielle , ignore principal mulray , adjust she bra , check to make sure '' the girl '' look good . principal mulray ( cont ’d ) do you have any positive male in you life ? danielle , pulis out she compact , fix she lipstick . danielle no , I be pretty sure everybody 's negative , but you can never be too careful . principal mulray I mean ... danielle it 's none of you business . she begin poof she hair . principal mulray you be a exasperate girl , ms , edmonston . accord to Mr. Potter , you speak quite explicitly about male projectile . _ danielle its a sex education class . _ principal mulray ( correct ) lifestyle choice . danielle whatever . principal mulray I be put you in challenger . with this news danielle stop fidget . danielle special ed ? that 's for retard . principal mulray ( correct ) challenger . it 's either that or expulsion . Mrs. pierce will give you you schedule . danielle what 's to know ? it 's like that one room in the basement all the time . principal mulray you be a smart girl , you just make poor choice . if you do you homework and stop be a distraction to other , you ali be back with the normal kid in no time . danielle start to leave . principal mulray ( cont ’d ) danielle , nobody like a dirty girl . danielle gosh , thanks for that really awesome advice . principal mulray busy himself with some paperwork . danielle ( cont ‘d ) by the way , the challenger blow up . danielle exit . principal mulray ( into speaker phone ) Mrs. plerce , hold my call . principal mulray close he mini blind , sit across from danielle 's empty chair , stare at it intently . we hear he unzip he fly . int . challenger CLASS room mrs . hatcher ( 50' , a hand - dyed - linen - pantsuit kind of gal ) stand before the challenger ( mostly ethnic kid , with one notable exception , clarke , who sit not at a desk , but at a table apart , chew he nail ) 6 . mrs . hatcher okay . today we be go to start a project that will hopefully teach we that parenthood be no joke , right sabrina ? sabrina , a very pregnant teen , shake she head , '' no '' . mrs . hatcher okay , everybody partner up with someone of the opposite sex . Clarke watch as the other student partner up . his face be bruise from the morning beat . his lip be cut . mrs . hatcher who do not have a partner ? three student , Clarke include , raise they hand . mrs . hatcher okay , benita , why do not you move over next to Juan . and Clarke ... Clarke seem resign to the humiiiation of people not know what to do with he . mrs . hatcher »- we all think of something . Clarke put a set of headphone on he head , press play on a walkman . Melissa Manchester 's ' you should hear how they talk about you 's be faintly hear . the classroom door swing open , danielle enter , hand a pink slip to Mrs. hatcher . , mrs . hatcher class , this be danielle edmonston , she 's join we today , say hello ... the class be completely uninterested . danielle nvaise a black power fist ) agsalaam alaikum . this get a stunne , silent response . mrs . hatcher danielle , we be just partner up . why do not you have a seat with Clarke back there . danielle plop herself across from Clarke at he private table , he remove he headphone . danielle you be that fag , right ? Clarke bite he thumbnail . Mrs . hatcher push a cart between the desk , hand out sack of flour . during the follow speech , Clarke and danielle stare at one another in silence . mrs . hatcher for the next six week you be marry to you partner , and this precious sack of flour be you bundle of joy . you will have to name you baby , change you baby , and most importantly , make sure no harm come to he -slash -her . you will make daily entry journal of you experience . Mrs. hatcher set a sack of flour between Clarke and danielle . danielle look from the dumpy sack of white flour to Clarke . danielle it take after you . ext . norman high school locker -— later danielle put she book into she locker and slam the door , revealing Clarke behind it hold the sack of flour . danielle what do you want ? clarke we be partner . danielle prowl down the hallway , Clarke right on she tail . danielle no offense bud , but my designate be , as of this morning , no longer designate . clarke I do not know what that mean . danielle danielle 's three D 's of dating . discriminate , designate , dump . and since the unfortunate dump of greg , due to he lack of sanitary respect , I be onto the next , and quite frankly as a dick smoker you do not qualify . clarke but we be suppose to be marry . danielle we be not on the samé level . clarke Ms. hatcher say we need to be good parent . danielle see what she 's look for , a hot prospect name bobby ( i6 , thin , but cute ) , smoking in he car with friend . danielle ( point at Bobby ) discriminate . she pull a mirror out of she bag and hand it to Clarke . danielle hold this . Clarke hold the mirror up as danielle fix herself . - danielle ms hatcher be a hippie twat , and you be currently lowering my market value . danielle freshen she lipstick . danielle how do I look ? clarke great , danielle designate . danielle strut over to Bobby 's car and knock on the window . danielle hey , you get a light ? ( to the other guy ) hey fella . Bobby light danielle 's cigarette . bobby ( know ) you be that girl , be not ya ? danielle ( flirt back ) yep I be that girl . bobby you know what I hear about you ? danielle . do not believe everything you hear . unless it 's really good . then it 's true . bobby i hear you be with the retard now . the boy start to laugh , peel out , leave danielle in a cloud of exhaust . : Clarke watch as danielle be humiliate . the Three guy who clobbere he before , come seemingly out of nowhere and tackle he again . int . danielleass double wide trailer - after school danielle 's mom , sue - ann ( mid -30' , but look young , certainly not old enough to have a 16 - year - old daughter . formerly trashy , she have clean up she act , but the transformation be not entirely convincing ) . she be study the book of mormon . she call to danielle as she head to she bedroom . sue -ann you principal call I today . I be very disappointed in you . danielle slam she bedroom door . 10 . int . danielle's bedroom - continuous the wall of danielle 's bedroom be cover with photo of man rip from magazine — a mad collage of dash , idealize male image . danielle retrieve a spiral notebook from she closet . Inside there be name and phone number - a scrapbook of conquest , ink drawing and snapshot fill its line page . danielle picke up the phone and dial one of the number . danielle hey , be this Patrick ? on the other end we hear garble Spanish . danielle sorry , wrong number . undaunted , she dial another ... dantelle I be look for wes . woman' voice who 's this ? danielle my name danielle , I be a friend ... woman' voice listen bitch ... danielle hang up , dial another . man' voice ( mike ) hello ? danielle Mike ? it 's danielle . mike hey chicken , how you doin 's ? danielle I could be doin’ better . int . therapist 's office - later darkness . il . therapist just say whatever come to mind . a explicit slide of a naked woman circa 1978 flash on the wall . clarke popcicle . another slide , the same woman , this time with a well hang man with a beard , clarke Orange popcicle . therapist and this one ? another slide , this one of Jesus Christ , act like Jesus . clarke Christian popcicle . the florescent light come on . Clarke be temporarily blind . therapist pretty racy stuff , huh ? clarke I quess . therapist you know Clarke , sexual feeling be not something to be afraid of . you wanna know what I think ? clarke okay - therapist I think that picture scared you . that 's why you response be so random . do you follow ? clarke you say to say what 's in my head . therapist right . clarke i be hungry . iz . therapist tell I Clarke , now talk man to man , here . just we guy . what 's you favorite kind of breast ? clarke huh ? therapist Long one ? pointy one ? if ya have to pick you favorite kind of booby , what kind of booby would you pick ? clarke boobies ? therapist sure ! knocker , cha-cha 's , hoo - ha 's ! how do you like ‘em ? '' clarke hairy . int . danielleass backseat -night danielle rip open mike 's shirt revealing a very appeal hairy chest . Mike be in he early thirty . mike do you miss big Mike ? danielle uh-huh . mike tell he how much . danielle a lot . mike a whole lot ? danielle a whole whole lot . a whole , whole , whole , whole , whole ... a flashlight in Mike 's face stop he rather athletic petting . a cop knock on the window . 13. int . therapist lobby - later Clarke wait on a leather bench . muzak play . he put on he headphone . Laura branigan 's '' gloria '' be faintly hear . Clarke 's dad , joseph ( 40 's vaguely militant ) leave the doctor 's office follow by he mother , peggy ( 40' - vaguely vague ) . Joseph be clearly piss . joseph let 's go . int . danielleass double wide - night Sue - Ann be make out with she boyfriend , ray ( 40' , a pallid , milk - toasty king of fellow ) . ray wait bring its own reward , but you sure do look sweet tonight . sue -ann stop . ray I might be tempt to break a few rule , if you would let I . sue ~ann Far as I know , the lord do not say nothin’ ' bout second base . Sue - Ann unbutton she shirt . thing get hot and heavy . ray ( whisper ) there 's a way that do not count . sue ~ ann you know that upset my tummy . ray I will be gentle . sue - ann you marry I , you can have the front door . Ray bury he head in Sue - Ann 's neck . the doorbell interrupt they . 14 . int . danielleass double wide - moment later a overweight cop and he very thin partner stand over danielle with Sue - Ann . overweight cop near as we could tell they be in the early stage of grop . sue -~ann so she be not hurt ? you weren not hurt , be you baby ? very thin partner if you pull she hair back , you will see he leave a mark . Sue - Ann brushes danielle 's hair to the side revealing a monstrous hickey . she flash danielle a look of disapproval . overweight cop he say you daughter initiate contact , but that do not mean you can not press charge , since she 's a minor and he 's what ? very thin partner check he note pad . very thin partner thirty -four . Sue - Ann swallow hard . overweight cop but we suggest you leave the punish to he wife . she seem pretty p.o. have . very thin partner whew ! ray well , we will be sure to straighten thing ont on we end . danielle look at Ray , roll she eye and head to she room . cverweight cop ocall to danielle ) you be a good girl now . danielle slam she door . be . sue -ann do not you worry , officer . ntake Ray 's hand ) she just need a good man in she life . int . clarken dad be car - the ride home Clarke 's dad , Joseph , drive . Mom , Peggy , sit comatose on the passenger side . Clarke sit in the middle of the back seat . joseph we have a deal son , and it seem to I you be not hold up you end . you know what that make you ? that make you a welcher . only thing worse then be a gay be be a welcher . clarke I be try . joseph who be I suppose to believe - a fifteen - year - old welcher or a qualified medical physician ? clarke he 's a chiropractor . joseph he 's get experience ! and he say you be downright belligerent . {then} * never meet a harder nut to crack . this last bit make Clarke giggle . Joseph pull over to the side of the road and smack Clarke 's face , grab he by the shirt , and pull he into the front seat . . joseph you think this be funny you little shit ? you be a hair 's breath from get that fat faggot ass of you send away for good , I still get the we brochure , and right about now that military academy be look like a pretty sweet option to I and you mother . 16 . peggy he 's just scared of girl be not you , honey ? a know look from he mother , tell Clarke that agree with she will free he . clarke yes . Joseph let go , resume drive . joseph Girls be the last thing in the world you need to be scared of . some little piece peak you interest all you go to do be walk right on up to she and say , '' how 's about ... ext . norman high school - lunchtime Clarke try out he father 's advice on danielle . clarke ++» you and I catch a movie sometime ? '' . danielle , hard at work on another boy , greg ( 17 , curly - head , good stock ) laugh at Clarke . greg blow a bubble with he gum . danielle T want a piece of that . danielle plant a kiss on greg , clarke we get a presentation to do . greg go along with the kiss , but be embarrassed in front of Clarke . greg ( push off danielle ) not right now . danielle , have retrieve greg 's gum from he mouth , blow a bubble . 17 . . clarke ( be : the sack of flour ) you be not be a very good mother , danielle fuck off , fat boy . ( to greg ) be I gonna see ya later ? Clarke , slowly walk away , then turn back . greg I gotta work . danielle in life greg , window of opportunity do not stay open too long . right now , my window be , as they say , open . who know if it 'il stay that way . you be the choose one , meet I by my car after school . greg notice some guy watch they . greg I ’1ll see what I can do , Clarke hold they sack of flour , watch . int . challenger CLASS room - later benita and Juan be finish up they flour baby presentation . they baby have a face and wear a diaper . benita «.- maggie enjoy long walk by the creek , stop for soda at sonic , and shopping . mrs . hatcher very good guy . Clarke , danielle , you be up . the class turn to look at Clarke and danielle sit at they table in the back with theix untouched sack of flour . int . challenger CLASS room - after school Clarke and danielle stand before Mrs. hatcher 's desk . 18 . mrs . hatcher frankly , you both seem like smart kid , you should not even be in this class , but as long as you do not do the work , this be where you be gonna stay . ext . norman high school parking lot ~ after school danielle sit on the hood ef she mustang wait for greg . she spote he and get excited , but he get into a car with he friend and take off . ext . bus stop - after school Clarke wait on the bench wear he headphone . panielle 's ' mustang screech to a halt . dantelle ocall to Clarke ) get in , we get homework . Clarke pull off he headphone suspiciously . dantelle as long as I 'ma retard , be not nobody gonna fuck I ! int . danielle 's live room ~ later danielle enter , follow by Clarke . danielle ( cont 'd ) do not worry about be nice to my mom . she 's a cunt . Sue - Ann pop she head through the cubby that separate the live room from the kitchen . sue -ann danielle , be that you ? danielle this be Clarke . he 's from school . Sue - ann extend a hand through the cubby . 19 . sue -ann Sue - Ann . I be danielle 's mom , but you would not know it to look at I . danielle that 's like a totally gross thing to say . sue -ann ( to Clarke ) people always think we be sister . it 's polite to clarify . Sue - Ann extend a burnt cookie on a spatula . sue -ann Cookie ? danielle nobody want you sad instant cookie , Sue ~ Ann . sue -ann you say you like this . danielle I say I like the dough . danielle take Clarke to she bedroom . clarke she seem nice . danielle if you need to use the bathroom , avoid the mohogramm towel . mama 's certifiably herpify . clarke ew . danielle she be a big slut when I be little , but now she 's with this mormon guy so she think she 's suzy homemaker . Sue - Ann open danielle 's bedroom door . sue -ann ' we talk about this . you can have boy over , but this door stay open . 20 . . danielle we be just do homework , besides , Clarke 's a fag . Clarke be shocked that he have be oute so casually . Sue - Ann be a bit worried . sue -ann Ray 's bring the kid over for dinner , you guy think you will be finish by then ? danielle maybe if you shut the God damn door and leave we alone , we could concentrate . Sue - Ann reluctantly close the door . clarke if I talk to my mom that way , my dad would kick the shit out of I . danielle I do not have a dad , so I do what i want . int . danielle 's bedroom - later danielle and Clarke work on they project . Clarke draw a face on the bag of flour . danielle write in a notebook . danielle Boy or girl ? clarke I think I have ruin a boy . danielle ( write ) girl . name ? clarke I do not know . something regal . danielle what about Joan ? like Joan jett . clarke ox Crawford ? yeah that 's nice . 21 . danielle be there some sort of special gene that make you say Crawford , when I say Joan ? clarke why ? what ? danielle it 's like the more time a person get poke in the butt , the more likely they be to say stupid faggy shit . clarke I 'ma virgin . silence . danielle it 's not that big of a deal . clarke tell that toe my dad . he no be happier if I do not exist . danielle that 's not true . I be sure my dad love I , and I do not even know hin . clarke that do not make any sense . danielle you know if you be not careful , you be gonna turn into one of that overweight homo with no one to love you but a gerbil name Bruce . ext . clarke's house - later Joseph water the lawn like he 's take a big macho pee . as the mustang come to halt in front of the house , Joseph leer at he son , who visibly recoil in the passenger seat . danielle be that you dad ? Clarke nod . 22 . danielle ( cont ’d ) what be he , some kind of marine ? clarke he like people to think that . joseph where the hell have you be ? Clarke get out of the cax sheepishly , forget he bag in the back seat . clarke I have homework . joseph you get high ? answer I boy , be you get high ? I will cart you off so fast ... danielle get out of the car with Clarke 's bag . danielle you forget this . danielle hand Clarke he bag . she plant a big wet kiss on he . danielle ( whisper ) : you ruin I for anyone else . {to Joseph ) hi. danielle get back in the car , Joseph watch she ass as she go . he lock at he son , smile . joseph ( proud ) shit . int . clarke's bedroom - continuous Clarke 's sanctuary be cover in poster of 1980 's female pop star , Pat benatar , Laura branigan , Melissa Manchester . he turn on he stereo . Pat benatar 's '' bit I with you best shot " fill the air with defiant joy . Clarke ' 's body puise . he be rather good dancer , give he , size . 23 . outside he bedroom his mother , Peggy , listen as she son sing along to the music . she smile . inside he bedroom Clarke reach under he mattress and remove a few gay porn mag . as Pat warn we that she be about to , " put another notch in she lipstick case , '' Clarke open a magazine to its centerfold — a thin blonde male . int . danielle 's live room - later Sue - Ann sit at the table with Ray and he son , charlie ( 16 , middle american cute ) . danielle enter . ray ( announce happily ) there she be !! sue -— ann baby , we save you some . it 's on the stove . Charlie 's back be to Sue - Ann and Ray . he flick he tongue through he V no finger . dantelle no offense , but I be come down with something . sue -ann a cold ? danielle ( to Charlie ) bulimia . ray you mother and I have something we want to discuss with you . danielle look around the table . something 's wrong . danielle where 's mindy ? int . danielle 's bedroom - continuous danielle push she bedroom door open . '' 24 . out , bitch } mindy ( 8 , blonde , perky ) play barbie 's on the floor . she hold up a doll . mindy you can be skipper ! : danielle get out of my room . mindy it 's my room , toc . Sue -ann appear behind danielle in the doorway . sue -ann why do not you come have a talk with we , honey . int . danitelle 's live room - later danielle sit on the couch between mindy and Charlie . Ray and Sue - Ann sit across from they in match arm chair hold hand . danielle this be bullshit . you can marry this mormon loser if you want to , but there 's no way I be share my room with that little twat . ray now that will be rule number one . anybody catch swear under this roof , gonna get they mouth wash out with soap . danielle fuck you . ray do not test I . mindy what 's a twat ? ray now you see there . that 's what I be talk about . evil have a unique way of spiraling . 25 . sue -ann . ) very well put , honey . danielle {to mindy ) a twat be a ugly , flatulent , hairless vagina . ray mindy , go to you room . mindy head to danielle 's room . dantelle hey ! danielle run past mindy and block she bedroom door . mindy kick danielle in the shin , and pass . danielle Little bitch ! charlie girl fight ! Sue - Ann try to pull danielle off of mindy . danielle elbow she mother in the gut , Sue - Ann fall to the side . Ray step in and easily hoist danielle off of mindy . mindy my head hurt . danielle flail in Ray 's arm . ray calm down ! I be stronger and I will win . danielle give Ray a backward kick to the groin . Ray fall next to Sue - Ann . danielle have defeat all . danielle you be not my dad . sue -ann that 's something we would like to talk to you about . 26 . int . danielle 's live room - later danielle , mindy , and Charlie be re-set on the couch , Sue - Ann and Ray present a united , if wounded , front . ray let 's pray . all close they eye , except danielle . ray ( cont 'd ) dear lord , life . be a struggle , and we be only as good as the struggle you make we fight . Charlie begin to play with the back of danielle 's neck . ray ( cont 'd ) we pray to you , dear friend , to make the struggle worthwhile ... danielle elbow Charlie in the stomach . ray ( cont ’d ) amen . all ( except danielle ) amen . ray have you hear of the personal Kingdom , danielle ? mindy that 's the magical place in the sky where we will live for all eternity ! ray very good mindy . danielle so? ray we need you there with we , danielle . if not , there all be a problem ... sue -ann with get in . 27 . danielle you be worried about be on the list ? ray after you mother and I be marry . I be gonna adopt you . danielle the hell you be . ray the hell I be not . mindy we be gonna wash you mouth out with soap , daddy . sue -ann danielle , you have a choice , be sixteen and all . Law say you get to decide . dantelle then , no . that 's it . I be not do it . sue -ann think about it , danielle . you always want a dad . danielle I have a dad . ray I be take this family on a retreat this weekend . a little fishing , a little hot cocoa , help you get use to the idea . danielle I be not go anywhere . Clarke and I have to work on we project . sue ~ann I '' sure he will understand . danielle you tell I I be a disappointment to you , now you be keep I from do my homework . Nice . 28 , sue -ann danielle ... danielle do you want I in special ed forever ? desus Christ ! sue -ann you and I both know that I can not leave you alone . mindy I have a baby sitter , and I be seven . charlie E will stay if you need someone to watch she . danielle screw you , ray it 's tough love time danielle . you do not want we . we do not want you either . you can stay . danielle thank you . sue -ann Ray ? ray but we be take all the food out ef the kitchen , the money out of you pocket .. danielle Fine . ray --. and the key to you car . dantelle what ? ray then you will know what it 's like to be alone and strand for all eternity . 29 . _sue -ann Ray , this be not a good idea . ray now heck Sue - Ann , you want I to be the man of the house , you gotta let I make the tough decision , after this weekend , danielle will be begging I to be she daddy . danielle orefer to Charlie ) yeah ? that would mean this guy would be my brother . ray be that a problem ? danielle yeah , consider I fuck he . int . danielle 's bedroom - later danielle lay in bed stare at the many man on she ceiling . Sue - Ann push the door open . sue -ann you happy now ? would not surprise I if he give up on we . danielle Fine by I . sue -~ann Ray 's a good man , he will be a good father . danielle could you close my door , please ? sue -ann we get a man who 's willing to be the man for we ... danielle you can try and make I be a mormon , but you be still a shitty mother . 30 . sue -ann good guy do not come around that often . I have like to keep this one . dantelle he 's not even cute . sue -ann we get a nice little family goin’ here . do not screw it up . danielle I do not want you stupid fake family . sue -ann well , we will see how you do on you own . Sue - Ann close the door . danielle open she spiral notebook , pull out a strip of photo take in a amusement park booth . the picture show Sue - Ann at 16 with a very good - look young man - silly face , rabbit ear , and finally , kissing . danielle touch the young man 's face . int . danielle 's kitchen - the next morning rain tinkle on the trailer 's aluminum roof . Sue - Ann and Ray pull the last of the food from the cupboard and pack it in grocery bag . a groggy danielle emerje from she room in time to see they exit with it . she follow they to the front door Sue - Ann put the food in the trunk of Ray 's car . mindy and Charlie sit in the backseat , road trip ready . Ray head to danielle 's mustang . ray ( to danielle ) you sure you do not wanna to come ? _ danielle give he the finger . Sue - Ann begrudgingly nod to Ray , '' it 's okay '' , he , in turn , lock up danielle 's mustang , and put the key in he pocket . danielle how be I suppose to get to school ? 31 . ext . rainy STREET danielle make she way to school , she 's dry enough under she umbrella . a car speed past , dousing she in a wave of gutter - water . int . challenger CLASS room Clarke , danielle and Joan the flour baby stand before the class . danielle be very soggy , she curly hair matte , make - up smear . danielle meet Joan . clarke ..» so name for the irrepressible lead singer of the blackheart ... danielle + ++ and a notoriously alcoholic , child abuse movie star . ext . norman high school hallway - later clarke you look like shit . danielle do not fuck with I . I have not eat in like 13 hour . clarke why not ? danielle because my mother think she can starve I into be a mormon . clarke that suck . danielle I be have a really shitty day . if you do not mind , I just want to be alone . 32 . clarke my dad say I could take you out tonight , he treat . I have discriminate and designate , and I pick you . - danielle really Clarke , just go away . clarke he have give I he credit card , if you want to go to dinner or something . some cute girl pass , giggle . clarke ( cont ' ’d ) you gotta eat . danielle we be order in . ext . danielleass double wide - night Clarke park he father 's oldsmobile in the driveway . danielle open the front door to find Clarke stand in a shirt and tie hold a corsage . danielle Nice flower . clarke it be my mother 's idea . int . danielle 's live room - later chinese take - out ie spread all over the coffee table . danielie sit on the couch , Clarke be on the floor . danielle struggle with she chopstick . danielle screw this , I need a fork . you want cne ? Clarke nod . danielle goss to the kitchen . Clarke turn down the light and move over to the couch . 33 . danielle ( from kitchen ) chinese man , must be good with they finger , I swear . I hear they have straight pubic hair . I try to get a look at shani suzuki 's in the locker room once , but she 's really careful with she towel so I never see shit . ( back in live room ) why be the light off ? clarke plorescent bulb hurt my eye . danielle Sue - Ann 's so cheap . ( take a seat next to Clarke ) you would figure at she age she have wanna give she face the benefit of the doubt , but it save money , so I guess she do not mind be green . { Clarke put he arm around danielle ) what be you do ? clarke nothing . danielle you be hit on I and I do not appreciate it . clarke I have discriminate and designate . Clarke clumsily go in for the kill , try to kiss danielle . she stand up to get out of the way , and Clarke , unable to control he large body slam he nose into the wood arm of danielle what the fuck ? I think you be a faggot . clarke only 65 percent . danielle what ? 34 . clarke my therapist show I a chart , and it say right now I be 35 percent hetero . if I get it up to 50 percent , my parent will not send I to military school . danielle you be bleed . Clarke touch the blood trickle from he nose . danielle i‘1l get you a kleenex . -~ clarke thanks . dantelle well , I do not want you get you aids all over my sofa , now do I ? danielle hand Clarke a kleenex . he lay he head back , pinching the bridge of he nose with one hand , shove the kleenex up he nostril with the other . dantelle soon as that bleed stop , you would best go . this be the part where you get dumped . clarke you send I back now , they be gonna know we do not do it . danielle contrary to popular belief , I be not the world 's personal whore bag . clarke I be sorry . danielle yeah , well , you should be . clarke I just figure after yesterday you would not mind , danielle yesterday be a rare act of pity bestow upon the pitiful . clarke T suck . danielle yes you do . clarke Joan 's family tree be due tomorrow . should not we work on it ? danielle you go on home now . clarke sometimes he hurt I . Long pause . danielle well , they already think we be doin’ it , what be I gonna save my reputation now ? ( then ) you owe I one . danielleass dine area -later clarke it 's lopsided . danielle look like we be gonna be spend the holiday with you side of the family . clarke we should put something on you side to balance it . maybe draw some bird or something to sit in 's the branch . clarke ' it just do not look very good . danielle leave the room . 35 . danielle and Clarke survey they work . on a piece of poster board , they have sketch out Joan 's family tree . Clarke 's side be heavy with name extend back a couple of generation , danielle 's side end with Sue - Ann 's parent . danielle quietly ponder she side of the tree , then Clarke 's . 36 . clarke ( call after she ) where you goin 's ? danielle return with something behind she back . danielle I be gonna show you something , and when I do you can not say it 's stupid or nothin’ . clarke okay . danielle hand he the photo strip of she parent . clarke ( cont ’d ) what would you do to you hair ? danielle that 's my mom , idiot . clarke this you dad ? dantelle I find it in my mom 's jewelry box when I be little and swipe it . clarke he 's hot . danielle take the photo back as if reclaim she privacy . danielle thanks . . clarke let 's put he in . danielle do not know he name . clarke I be a real good draw -er . could draw he in . danielle dust do bird or something . 37 . clarke poor Joan . she only have one grandpa and he 's a total dick . what be we gonna tell she ? danielle : that they be high school sweetheart , and that he be handsome and magical . clarke you know if they be high school sweetheart , he have be in she yearbook . - danielle I have be through that thing like a zillion time , he do not go to she school . clarke maybe he be not a student . it be clear that danielle have never think of the possibility of she father have be a teacher . she race to she mother' bedroom closet pull the yearbook down from high , hand Clarke one . danielle you take this one . int . sue - ann 's bedroom - later Clarke and danielle be on the floor flipping through the page of Sue - Ann ' 's yearbook . clearly , they have find nothing . danielle it 's just as well , I be not thrilled with the idea of my daddy be a pedophile . Clarke flip through Sue ~ Ann 's senior book . clarke this one do not have any signature . 38 . danielle that 's the year she drop out ' cause of I . Clarke casually flip the page . clarke football player , yummy . danielle they nre the worst . I mean the idea and all be hot , but that cream they use be so nasty . clarke I like the way they smell . it 's like Ben Gay and fern . danielle you have no self respect . I be gonna get some more food , you want some ? Clarke shake he head no . danielle leave the room . Clarke spot something in the yearbook . int . danielle's ritchen -—continuocus danielle be fix herself a plate . clarke ( 0.8 . ) danielle ? danielle what ? ' Clarke enter the kitchen hold the yearbook open to face danielle . clarke TI find he . danielle drop she plate . it shatter on the floor . she move slowly toward Clarke . she take the book from he . she 's so anxious , she do not know where to look . Clarke point to the head of she father in a group photo of the football team . 39 . danielle ( read ) second assistant coach , Danny Briggs . clarke Danny ? danielle look up at Clarke . clarke ( cont ‘d ) you be name after he . the telephone ring . danielle be stunne , can not answer it . after four ring , she finally pick up the receiver . danielle hello ? int . cabin -continuous Sue - Ann be on the phone , Ray be prepare a fishing rod next to mindy . sue -ann we make it in . just check on you . everything go okay ? danielle Fine . ray ask she if she 's do any good think ? sue -ann have you have time to think about thing ? in the kitchen danielle pick up a magic marker . danielle yeah ... you be right . I do need a man in my life . at the cabin , Sue - Ann cover the receiver . sue ~ ann ( mouth to Ray ) it work . 40 . ray told you so . sue -~ann listen baby , under the lamp in my bedroom I leave you some cash . go ahead and order yourself a pizza . danielle okay - in the kitchen , danielle begin to write something down . sue -ann we will be back on Monday . danielle okay . sue ~ ann Love you . danielle okay . danielle finish she write . in the space leave vacant on the familly tree , danielle have write the name , danny brigg . clarke now what ? danielle gesture to the stack of phone book behind Clarke danielle Hand I that phone book . ext . quiet STREET - later danielle and Clarke stop the oldsmobile in front of a small but immaculate home . Joan be strapped into the back seat . clarke this it ? danielle orefer to the phone book ) 816 South lahoma . 41 . clarke maybe there 's another Danny Briggs in norman . danielle no this be it . I feel it . somethin’ simple about it , make it true . clarke maybe you shoulda 's call first ? danielle and say what ? hi , I '' you illegitimate daughter come back to haunt you . just then , a good looking man ( late thirty , put together ) exit the house with a bag of garbage . danielle oh my god . . clarke phat he ? danielle he 's be nine block away for sixteen year . and now he 's right in front of I . clarke he 's gorgeous . danielle Bet you sweet ass he be . the good look man go back into the house . danielle , who can not lose he again , impulsively get out of the car , and head up the walk way . Clarke follow a few step behind . nervously thrilled , danielle take a moment before ringing the doorbell . the good look man open the door , but leave the screen shut . good looking man yeah ? danielle hil ne 42 . good look man spy Clarke hover on the stair behind danielle . gocd looking man ( svapicious ) hi. danielle I be sorry . I be danielle , that there be Clarke . good looking man uh-huh . danielle I be Sue - Ann 's little girl . danielle wait for he response , but good look man draw only a blank . good looking man good for you . be there something I can help you with ? danielle do not know what else to say . Clarke pick up the slack . clarke we be look for Danny Briggs . you he ? a shot of recognition pass over the man 's face , he 's about to speak when we hear ... man' voice ( 0.8 . ) who be it , billy ? danielle get excited all over again , she hope revive . billy couple of kid . man' voice tell ‘em we do not want any . billy I do not think they be sell anything . a second good looking man appear in the doorway as well . danielle daddy ? 43 , second good looking man I should hope not . . billy they be look for Danny . be you he kid or something ? danielle nod yes . second good looking man I know something be up with that people . : int , 816 south lahoma , live room -later the decor be heavily mission , but clean and sparse , with well choose , well place art on the wall . danielle and Clarke lock out of place on the fine leather sofa . billy enter with a tray of tea for four . then sit beside the good look man , peter . billy okay we have lemon ginger , cinnamon yerba matte or classic chamomile . danielle so my daddy live here ? when ? clarke be that how you say that ? kam - of - mile ? I have never know how to say that . . danielle would ya shut the fuck up ? we be try to have a adult conversation here . peter . let 's see we move in here what , two year ago ? billy three. remember ? it be just after my sister 's wedding which be a week before the space shuttle blow up . 44 . peter what a sad time for the country . clarke I be still not over it . danielle I do not want to be rude or nothing , but where the fuck be my dad ? billy you be saucy , I like that ! clarke Z like you house . it 's super ' tasteful . danielle shoot Clarke a nasty look . peter you should have see it when we move in . that wife of he have it all dene up in faux country . clarke I hate that . like everything be a antique , but when you get closer to it , you realize that everything be actually new and just make to look old . billy exactly . clarke so tacky . ' danielle he have a wife ? billy dudy , I think she name be . peter no , Janet , like the middle brady . billy well if you ask I I think she look more like Sam the butcher . we almost do not get the house because of she . 45 . peter once she find out that we be in a long term commit life partnership . billy bitch . danielle you get they address ? billy do she know about you ? Danny 's wife ? peter wretched sack of shit that she be . danielle I do not know about she . billy get up and leave the room . clarke ( vethis tea ) this be delicious . billy return with a shoebox full of mail and a note card . billy they want we to forward they mail . peter we never do . billy you wanna deliver it ? danielle take the shoebox and the note card . peter she 's gonna shit twice and die . int . clarke 's dad 's blue oldsmobile ~ later Clarke drive as danielle ponder the box of mail in she lap . clarke I have never see a real live homosexual couple . 46 . danielle get over it , you fucker be everywhere . : int . clarke' bedroom - night Peggy , make she son 's bed . as she tuck in the sheet , she hand find something under the mattress . she pull out Clarke 's cornucopia of gay porn . Joseph enter , see what he wife be hold . inp . danielleass dine area ~ late night Clarke be asleep on the sofa . danielle sit at the dining room table , go through she father 's mail , mostly outdated pill and junk mail , but she open it nonetheless . int . danielle 's live room -~ the next morning Clarke snooze . danielle poke he . she have a rather large pack sling over she shoulder . danielle get up ! clarke what ? danielle we get 's to go . Clarke get up and head to the bathroom . we can hear he ' yely himself on the other side of the door . clarke where do you wanna eat breakfast ? I think sambo 's take credit card . danielle you be take I to California . the pee sound stop suddenly . the bathroom door open slowly . clarke you be a crazy person . danielle I do not have a car , or I have drive myself . al . clarke Danny you gotta be more sensible . talk to you mom when she get back , danielle it 's a three day trip if we haul ass . by the time Sue ~ Ann notice I be go , I x11 already be there . clarke my parent will kill I . danielle tell they you be manipulate by my pussy . clarke I feel for you , I do , but I can not steal my dad 's car . I do not know what would happen , but somehow I imagine it would hurt ... a lot . danielle I do not want to be a mormon , Clarke , and I do not want to share my room with that pissy little cunt bag . this be my chance . I have never know my daddy , and now I get a name and a address , and some hope . clarke to oca not . danielle you disgust I . clarke I be sor ... danielle get out ! int , clarke 's house - a little later . the house be quiet , somewhat empty . Clarke enter . clarke I be home ! Mom ? no answer . 48 . Clarke go . to the kitchen , open the refrigerator door , drink milk from the carton . . then , he father 's voice from behind ... joseph you have a good time ? Clarke turn around to find he parent sit at the kitchen table , clearly in conference mode . Clarke see he porn collection spread all over the table . joseph now what be we gonna do about you ? you know you be not suppose to drink from the carton . Clarke 's eye meet he father 's , he know that look . Clarke make a break for it , dart for the front door , drop the carton of milk . Joseph try to chase he but be hinder by the table , give Clarke enough of a head start , so that he make it to the oldsmobile Clarke start up the car and peel out . Joseph fly from the house , trip over a sprinkler , hop down the street after he son . Clarke be too fast for hin . int . danielleass double wide danielle eat cold chinese food in the kitchen . somebody outside lay on they car horn . danielle open the mini blind in the live room window to see what 's up . Clarke yell from the oldsmoblie . clarke bring Joan ! danielle grab she bag , and Joan , then head out the front door . 49 , Clarke take the tape out of he walkman and insert it into the car radio , share he music for the first time . Melissa Manchester , full voice , blast out of the speaker , '' you should hear how they talk about you ! '' as . inside the blue oldsmobile on the OPEN road Clarke drive . danielle have she foot up on the dash . slow push in on Joan strapped into the backseat . clarke ( v.o as joan ) dear diary , I be super excited about we family vacation . I be only a week old and already be see all the great site of this great land ... danielle roll up the window as they speed past a cattle ranch . clarke ( v.o. as joan ) it be say that most american family do not spend enough quality time together ... the oldsmobile speed past a sign that say , '' now leave Oklahoma . ya will come back now , ya hear ? '' danielle open the smal ] sun roof . she stand up raise she arm and scream as the wind blow through she hair . Clarke look up at she , smile , and press he foot harder on the gas . clarke ( v.o as joan ) my parent be different . they be rebel outlaw , out to cause trouble and have a good time . danielle ahhhhhhehhh t danielle plop back into she seat , a giggle mad woman . danielle I have never be out of Oklahoma . God damn ! 50 . clarke my grandma life in Dallas , so I be use to travel . danielle you ever see the ocean ? clarke no . danielle when we get to fresno , we will go to the beach , Melissa Manchester finish she song and fade out . clarke do not you just love Melissa Manchester ? danielle I be more of a whitesnake girl . clarke I be thinkin’ we could enter the talent show when we get back . do one of ker song together . danielle I be not gettin ' on no stage , especially with you . danielle notice that she have hurt Clarke 's feeling . danielle ( cont ’d ) you get to uhderstand Clarke , you and I come from different world . it just would not be right in the public eye to see the two of we belting out the theme from Ice castle . clarke what if we do , '' do not Cry out loud " ? danielle Clarke , I be not go back . clarke Danny ? he may not want you . sl. danielle I be a fuck babe . clarke what about he wife ? danielle I be sure I can handle she , thank you very much . danielle begin to paint she toenail on the dash . clarke if you spill that , my dad ' 1 ] kill I . danielle baby , you come out of the closet , steal he car and take off with the class whore . you be the definition of dead . danielle turn up the radio . Pat benatar screech '' Hell be for Children '' . danielle ( ret song ) now this be I ! danielle thrashes she head as she paint she nail . int . police station - day Joseph and Peggy stand before very thin partner ( one of the cop that bring danielle home ) who be behind a tall counter . very thin partner why do not you go on home . I be sure you son be probably already there wait for you . joseph my son be a problem child who have go off the deep end . peggy he 's special . very thin partner oh , he 's a retard . 52 . joseph I wish he be . very thin partner he 's probably at a friend 's house . peggy he have difficulty make friend . joseph there 's that trashy danielle girl . peggy I wish you have not encourage that . '' joseph , be you question my ability to parent effectively ? peggy he take up with that girl and now he 's go . perhaps you should not have force he be all . joseph shut up , woman . very thin partner do this danielle girl have long curly hair ? joseph yes . very thin partner a cherry red mustang ? joseph yes . very thin partner the kind of booby that will give a lady back trouble in the future ? joseph that 's she . very thin partner ya will get trouble . 53 . ext , a dusty gas station , TEXAS panhandle - later Clarke fill up the oldsmobile . danielle get out of the car . danielle I be gonna get I a slurpie , you want something ? clarke bag of pork rind . danielle gimmie you dad 's credit card . clarke huh ? dantelle you still get he card , right ? clarke I do not think he have take kindly to fitting the bill for you trip . danielle we trip . you be here too . clarke you do not bring any money ? danielle I get the thirty buck Sue - Ann leave under the lamp , but we should save we cash . clarke this be not well plan . danielle my daddy will pay you daddy back . Clarke hand danielle the card . danielle go inside , Clarke finish pump the gas . he watch danielle inside the gas station , then head to a phone booth int . clarke' house -continuous the phone ring . Peggy rush to answer it . 54 . peggy hello ? qperator 's voice collect call from Clarke , do you accept the charge ? peggy yes . Clarke , honey , where be you ? clarre be daddy really mad at I ? peggy you best hurry home , the way he 's be talkin’ , honestly honey I be afraid of what he might do . clarke do you still want to send I away ? peggy honey , I never want to send you away . why do not you come home and we will discuss it . clarke do daddy stiil want to send I away ? peggy you father get very determine when he make he mind up about something . clarke rt know . peggy we will just have to try to convince he together . Clarke , be you with that girl ? danielle appear behind Clarke . he do not notice she . clarke no . peggy she 's bad news , honey . danielle reach over Clarke 's shoulder and cut off the receiver . 55 . int . clarke' house -continuous Peggy hang up the phone . joseph who be that ? peggy telemarketer . joseph ; let 's go on over to that girl 's house . peggy somebody should wait by the phone . ext . a dusty gas station -— continuous Clarke turn to find danielle stare at he . clarke you be right . I be dead . danielle why do not I drive . int . inside the blue oldsmobile on the OPEN road - arizona danielle drive . Clarke stare vacantly out the window . danielle do you tell you parent where we be ? if you do I swear to god T will pull this car over and kick you ass out . clarke this be my car you selfish cunt ! danielle that be a ugly , hateful word . clarke I learn it from you . danielle well it 's not nice to call people name to they face . especially a friend . 564 . clarke be you my friend ? danielle will not answer this . she stiffen and return to the matter at hand . dantelle be you gettin’ cold foot ? Clarke do not answer . _ danielle ( cont 'd ) why be it that every pussy I know have a dick attach ? you can not count on man for shit . clarke you be runnin’ toward somethin’ . I be just runnin ' away . danielle ai not that just poetic . clarke you be gettin’ to live you dream , I be just gettin’ into deeper shit . ( then ) you be not even nice to I . danielle do you tell they where we be ? clarke maybe I do . maybe I do not . danielle oh I get it we be play mind game now . do you learn that from you therapist ? clarke you have not even say thank you . danielle ( put off } well , some thing go without say . 57 . clarke then , I guess it go without say that I think you be the neatest person I have ever know , and I feel less afraid when I be around you , cause you nre brave then I will ever be . and it also go without say , I would never tell on you . danielle you do not tell ? Clarke shake he head no , danielle ( cont 'd ) I promise I will find some way to thank you . ext . danielle 's double wide - sunset Joseph eye danielle 's mustang in the carport . he go to the front door , knock on it vigorously , but there be no answer . he walk around the side of the trailer , peak in through the window , see he son 's backpack inside . Joseph remove the vertical slat of glass in the window , set they on the floor inside . he hike he injure foot through the window first and awkwardly pull himself through the open . one good heave and he thrust himself into sue - ann 's bedroom , landing ass first on the slat of glass . joseph ahhhhha !! across the STREET a fat female neighbor ( tragic , but jolly ) heat up she frank not bean in a dirty microwave . she hear Joseph 's pain scream , look out she window to see he hopping around freakishly . fat female neighbor ( scream ) 911 ! 911 ! 58 . int . police station - night Joseph stand behind bar in darkness . very thin partner click he tongue disapprovingly . . very thin partner you should of leave it to the professional . break and enter , be that really necessary ? could not you have call , would not that have be the neighborly thing to do ? joseph my son be a troubled boy . very thin partner my friend , all son be troubled . joseph I need to see a doctor , my ass be bleed . very thin partner you think that 's news around here ? I all see if I can round you up a band - aid . very thin partner exit . Joseph head over to the toilet , gather up a wad of toilet paper . he unbuckle he pants , reach around to pat down he injury . not only can he not reach it , but he can not quite see it either . he struggle , then out of the darkness he hear ... man' voice you need some help with that , Chief ? a big biker dude ( late thirty , 2Z - top beard ) emerge from the shadow . int . a shitty day 's inn lobby - night a concierge ( male early 20 's , but have yet to outgrow acne ) be asleep behind the counter . danielle nudge he awake . danielle : I and my husband need a room . 59 . concterge can not rent you a room unless you nre eighteen . danielle but this here 's we wedding night . concierge I be onto you two . ( then to danielle ) you be Jimmy 's new girl be not ya ? they just keep get young and young . clarke '' this be my wife . we be marry this afternoon . danielle ( whisper ) sort of a shotgun situation . concierge I know how it be when you want get you nut for the first time . we have all be there . you nre smart to use a workin’ girl , get everything out of the way , no fuss , no muss . I assume you will be pay cash . clarke credit . Clarke reach for he dad 's card . concierge {re : danielle ) you know she do not take card ? danielle he know . Clarke sign the slip . the concierge hand over a key . concierge ( winking ) I be give you the honeymoon suite , you enjoy yourself now . clarke thanks . Clarke and danielle head to the elevator . concierge ocall to danielle} Jimmy usually send I over a free sample . danielle you can work that out with Jimmy . danielle and Clarke step onto the elevator . clarke he can not tell the difference between a slut and a hooker . danielle I be not a slut . clarke okay . danielle just because I have have sex with many , many , many man , do not make I a slut . you forget , I discriminate . clarke Jesus , I be sorry . I do not realize it be such a touchy subject . danielle yeah , well when be the last time someone think you be a hooker ? clarke never . danielle well then , there you go . clarke but I wish someone would . the elevator door open . danielle we gotta get you laid . int . cabin - night sve - Ann , Ray , charley , and mindy sit around the table fish . 60 . eat 61 . mindy ( be :fish ) I do not like it . ray now mindy , you brother and I kill this special for you , and Sue ~ Ann 's be slave away . time to show a little appreciation . mindy lick she fish . mindy tastes poopy . ~ sue -ann . it 's always hard to try new thing . I understand . Sue - Ann wink at mindy . ray be not this fun all of we here together ? make a man thankful . mindy take a bite of she fish , swallow it . sue -ann I wish danielle be here to see how nice thing be work out . mindy projectile vomit across the table . int . HOTEL room - night , Clarke lay on the vibrate bed . Joan , the flour baby , be next to he . his whole body shake . he begin to sing , the bed give he voice the add vibrato of a chipmunk . Joan slowly , but surely bounce closer and closer to the edge of the bed ... clarke ( sing ) ooco , baby do you know what that 's worth ? you make heaven a place on earth ... 62 . HOTEL room bathroom we can hear Clarke 's belinda carlisle impersonation from the other room . danielle , fresh out of the shower , wrap in a white towel , perform for herself in the mirror . danielle we be just passin 's through , think we would stop off and say hello . ( try another ) people tell I all the time how much we look alike , and its true , be not it ? she notice the hickey on she neck leave by Big Mike . danielle ( cont ’d ) shit . she grab a piece of ice from the ice bucket , and press it to she hickey . back on the bed , Joan finally fall off the mattress and onto the floor . a small puff of flour escape . danielle enter from the bathroom . danielle ( be : hickey ) no wonder he think I be a hooker , I look like a fuckin’ leper . where 's Joan ? Clarke look around . scramble to the side of the bed , look over the edge to see Joan on she head . clarke oops . danielle you gotta be more careful with she . clarke sorry . danielle how would you like to be drop on you head ? 63 . clarke I have be drop on my head . daddy say , momma drop I and that 's what account for my feminine way . danielle so you wanna make Joan a lesbian . Nice . you gay always try to convert everybody . Clarke laugh . danielle ( cont ’d ) ( pick Joan up ) well , I do not see any damage . none that Mrs. hatcher would notice anyway . clarke if you be not go back , why be '' you worried about you grade ? danielle go to sleep . we gotta long day tomorrow . clarke have you ever try magic finger ? danielle lay down on the bed next to Clarke , Joan between they . Clarke put a quarter in the machine . the bed vibrate . clarke now do this . {he open he mouth ) ahhhhhhhh ! danielle ahhhhbhhh ! Joan and she parent jiggle happily on the bed . ext . day' inn - night the sound of danielle and Clarke 's vibrate scream echo through the Texas panhandle . ne 64 . int . cabin - night Sue - Ann hold mindy 's hair back as she wretch in the toilet * bowl . sub - ann that 's a good girl , get it all out . -. you 'il feel much better . * outside the door Sue ~ Ann hear the unmistakable sound of someone else retching . ray ocall out ) Sue ~ Ann ! sue -ann ( hand mindy she pony tail ) hold this , baby . mindy take she pony tail , hold it above she head and continue to throw up . Sue - Ann open the bathroom door , see Charlie throw up in the kitchen sink . sue -~ann be it the fish ? int . police station - night Joseph lay on he stomach with he pants down . Big biker dude pick shard of glass out of he ass . big biker dude +-. and that 's when i discover kabbala . joseph you tell anyone about this , and you be dead . big biker dude the world be full of too much violence , you get to he peaceable . joseph oh yeah , what be you in for ? 65 . big biker dude sort of a no-mean - yes kind of situation . very thin partner enter follow by Peggy . very thin partner ( be : Joseph 's compromise position ) I see you have make a friend . big biker dude we be bond . peggy Joseph , what happen to you be - hind ? jeseph struggle to pull up he pants . joseph take you long enough . that boy could be halfway to kingdom come by now . peggy Clarke have one car you have the other , I have to walk . joseph first exercise you get in year , probably do you good . ( to Big biker ) she be not this fat when I marry she , honest . , the Officer begin to unlock the cell . joseph ( cont 'd ) when I get my hand on that boy , I be gonna kill he . Peggy stop the Officer from unlock the cell . peggy wait ! you gotta promise that you will not hurt he . joseph I get a injure foot and shard of glass in my ass cause of that boy . 66 . big biker dude they little piece gonna need tweezers . joseph he have humiliate I for the last time . peggy you be the humiliation . drag I away from that phone , cause you have go off and lose it again . we son could have call and here I be bail my husband out of jail . joseph open the God damn door . peggy Officer , if I refuse to take my husband right now , what 's gonna happen ? joseph Peggy ! very thin partner seein ' as though it 's a weekend , judge will not be in till Monday . peggy and he have to stay here lock up ? very thin partner yep . . joseph you leave I in here , and it be over . peggy I be gonna find my son , and you will never lay another hand on he . joseph you be a stupid , stupid woman . peggy rot ! Peggy exit . the guard shrug and follow she . 67 . joseph get you fat ass back here . big biker dude see what I mean . God do not like ugly . int . ray 's car - night . the family be head home . Sue - ann be at the wheel . like the sick little dog that they be , mindy and Charlie hang they head out the window to get some fresh air . ray 8o much for family time . sue -~ann I never make cat fish before . Sue -ann look to Ray , he say nothing . sue -ann ( cont ’d as ray ) " no baby it be not you fault . I know you be do you best . '' silence , ray pull over ! Ray jump out of the car and hurl in the bush . Sue - Ann look away , notice a sign along the side of the road that read , " no fishing due to spill . '' int . inside the blue oldsmobile - I - 40 , new mexico - morning Clarke and danielle speed closer to they destination . clarke ( v.o. as joan ) dear Diary , New Mexico be a great big bore . Clarke write in a spiral notebook . clarke { v.o. as joan ) Mom do most of the drive because she think that dad go too slow . daddy be happy , be a man and all , just navigate . he be a most excellent map reader . ( more ) 68 . clarke ( v.o. as joan ) ( cont would ) with the division of labor so neatly divide , and both of they willing to stay in they designate role , I be convinced that T have the happiest family there ever be . danielle turn up the music , this time it 's blondie 's rapture . the Rap section of rapture come on , Clarke and danielle have choreograph hand movement to it . they look like the best friend the world have ever know . blondie '' pab five freddie tell I everything be fine / dj spin he say , my my ... and you do not stop , do the punk rock '' they pass a hitchhiker ( early 20' , great ass ) . the sight of he shut Clarke up . clarke do you see that guy ? pull over I want to ask he if that be bugle Boy jeans he 's wear . danielle Press on we must Clarke , press on we must . clarke you be the one who keep say you need to get I laid . danielle you be not he type , Clarke . clarke and you be ? danielle . I be everybody 's type . clarke where do you get you confidence ? danielle it 's the natural result of have one 's beauty repeatedly affirm . the more people tell you you be hot , the more you be gonna believe it . '' 69 . clarke nobody nowhere 's have ever call I hot . ext . danielle's double wide -morning Peggy sleep at the wheel of she car as she stake out danielle 's house . Sue - Ann , Ray , charley and mindy pull into the drive way . Peggy stir at the sound of they car , but do not wake up . sue -ann everybody go on in and lay down . mindy can I sleep in danielle 's room ? Peggy wake up at the sound of they voice . sue -ann you can sleep wherever you want . Ray ? I get a set of big bowl under the stove make sure everybody 's get one . peggy Excuse I ? this be incredibly embarrassing , but I be a desperate woman . I have reason to believe my son have run off with you daughter . sue -ann I shoulda never leave that brat alone . listen , I get a house full of sick people , horny child be the least of my worry right now . they be gonna turn up . they always do . peggy my son be gay . Sue - Ann stop on the step . peggy ( surprised at herself ) that 's the first time I have ever say that out loud . 70 . sue -ann you Clarke 's mama ? peggy I have be a terrible mother and I have lose my son . svue -ann if you can stand the smell of sick people , you can come on in . ~ Peggy follow Sue - Ann into the trailer . the house be just as danielle and Clarke leave it , a complete and utter pigsty . ray Sue - Ann , there 's glass all over you bedroom floor . peggy my husband 's a might high strung when it come to we boy . I will be sure to take care of any damage . Sue - Ann notice the family tree leave behind on the coffee table . she pick it up and touch the name , " Danny Briggs '' . sue ~ann oh my god .. int . a rest stop men' room somewhere in arizona ~ later Clarke stand at a urinal relieving himself . in walk the sexy hitchhiker Clarke and danielle pass earlier . he take the urinal next to Clarke . Clarke peer over casually and be shocked to see whe it be . the hitchhiker peer back , smile knowingly . Clarke go to wash he hand . the hitchhiker soon follow , the two make eye contact through the mirror . Clarke quickly look away , and head for the door . he stop just short of exite , turn and ask ... clarke Excuse tey be that bugle boy jeans you be wear ? 71 . the hitchhiker smile . ext . rest stop parking lot danielle sit on the hood of the oldsmobile eat a bag of chip . Clarke approach with the hitchhiker clarke Joel here be wonder if we could drop he off in Vegas . danielle I ... ~ clarke I tell he it would not be a problem , this be my car and everything . joel I get a job there wait for I . danielle listen Joel ... clarke and the cool thing be , be that unlike some people , Joel be willing to help out with expense . joel I get money . ( he produce a wad of singles ) I just do not have wheel . - clarke get in . danielle , you do not mind drive do you ? Joel hop into the back seat . danielle we do not know he . clarke you say you want to think of a way to thank I . danielle this be a distraction from the state goal . 72 . clarke you have you destiny , I have mine . danielle have I teach you nothing ? you must discriminate before designate . Clarke hop into the back seat with Joel . int . police station ~ day Joseph sit in the cell with Big biker dude . the officer enter with breakfast . very thin partner _. I get a lead on you boy . seem he 's be blaze quite a trail with you credit card . int . inside the blue oldsmobile on the OPEN road - arizona Clarke and Joel giggle in the backseat . danielle watch they jealousy through the rear view mirror . Joan be in the front seat now with danielle . dantelle ( v.o. as joan ) dear Diary , it turn out that daddy be a big fat whore . I be a lucky gixl that I be learn valuable lesson about the nature of man . danielle ( aloud ) what sort of work do you have in Vegas ? joel I be a dancer . clarke like on Fame ? joel I be not all that technical , I be more free form . clarke can you do the split ? 73. danielle you dance for tip , right ? that ' 's why you get all that singles . joel it 's my art , if people want to give I money for my art , that just make I a professional artist . danielle you be a stripper . joel erotic entertainer . danielle stripper . clarke lot of people can not make a live do what they love . you nre lucky . joel you get I , do not you ? danielle can not take have the focus off of she . danielle I can do the split ! int . danielle's double wide -— day peggy you be tell I that my little boy be in California ? . sue ~ ann I keep it from she too long . ray what kind of mother be you , Sue - Ann ? sue ~ ann I be do the best I can here with what I get to work with . peggy we need to contact danielle 's father . sue - ann I would not know where to begin . peggy we have he address . sue -ann he do not know about she . I do not know what I would say , that part of my life be over . ray apparently it 's not . sue -ann Ray , do not be like that . this be just a minor little big deal . and I be go to take care of it and then we be gonna be real happy . ray say who ? peggy this be not about anything else but we kid . we want they home . we want they safe . I do not know much about the two of you .. ( to Ray ) but this concern really just need to stay secondary right now . Ray exit . sue -ann I be a terrible mother . peggy join the club . ext . gas station in arizona ~ day danielle ( to Joel ) this ig on you , right ? joel sure thing . Joel get out , start to pump gas . 74 . 75 . clarke ) he 's so fine . danielle you be make a fool of yourself Clarke . that guy want one thing . clarke my ass serve up on a platter . danielle he want a ride and that 's it . clarke you be jealous . danielle I know some thing that you do not . clarke you be the sexy one here , and nobody else get to play . danielle he 's not gonna fuck you Clarke . just tell you , start get use to the idea . clarke i if you be really a friend you would not say stuff like that . dantelle I care about you Clarke . clarke I gotta pee . Clarke get out of the car . danielle watch through the rear view mirror as he and Joel pass each other , touch hand . Joel get into the backseat . joel I just wanna say , I sure do appreciate you hospitality . give I a ride and all . danielle you make he any promise , you best follow through . 76 . ex '. oklahoma CITY airport - niget a airplane take off . inside the airplane Peggy and Sue - Ann sit next to each other . captainn voice ...we get a nice tail wind so we fly time to bakersfield should be just under three hour . sit back and enjoy the flight . a awkward silence sit between Peggy and Sue - Ann . a man across the aisle begin to snore . the mom notice he . peggy Z do not know how anybody sleep on one of this thing . Sue - Ann take Peggy 's hand . they be a team . ext . a field near the freeway - night the Blue oldsmobile be park under a large vintage billboard that reade " pill ‘er up ! '' the door on the oldsmobile be open , Clarke 's tape provide ambience . Melissa Manchester sing '' Midnight Blue '' . Joel be stoke a fire . danielle and Clarke be huddle in a blanket they steal from the day Inn . joel ( be : fire ) and I think the boyscout teach I nothing . danielle ( sarcastic ) of all the hitchhiker in the world we could have pick up , how do we get one so masculine and capable ? joel you learn a few thing when you be on you own . be you a boy scout , Clarke ? : . 77 . clarke for about a week in second grade . they give we this box of candy to sell door to door . I eat all mine so my mom give I the money to buy the whole box so I would not get . in trouble . my dad be so mad , say the two of we be in cahoot . joel my daddy take off when I be little , clarke like Danny 's . danielle mine take off before I be bear , so I win . joel be we compete ? danielle I be just say I probably have it worse . joel you know what it 's like then , do not you ? that crazy thing when you look for he everywhere . anytime you be in a crowd , there 's a chance , so you walk around a little straighter hope to look you best just in case . I could never be on the freeway , my neck would get so sore , look in every car window , think one of this guy be my daddy . look everywhere for somebody who do not want to be find . you get that look Danny , like I . dantelle oh yeah ? joel like you will never be full , but there 's that little teeny tiny bit of hope in we eye , say maybe it ain not all shit . 78 . danielle look at Clarke , ' who stare at Joel 's beautiful , fire - light face . danielle I want to hear more about you art . clarke show we . joel you guy be crazy . danielle come on . we get the music ... she turn on the car headlight ... danielle ( cont 's by the fancy lighting . all that 's missin 's be a pole . joel it 's cold out . danielle keeps everything perky . fhe next song start , it 's the go- go 's '' we lip be seal '' . Clarke smile at Joel , he heart melting . joel this be too fast , I only dance to the slow one . kind of my signature . , danielle the artist want a ballad . danielle fast forward the tape to the next song , the bangle sing '' eternal flame '' . joel I can not believe I be do this out in the middle of nowhere . you best appreciate it . clarke promise I do . danielle stay back by the car . this show be for Clarke . 79 . Joel begin to move slowly in headlight . he be a terrible dancer , but there be something raw in he movement that make he attractive . it be the utter conviction that even without any sense of discernible rhythm , he be sexy . he unbutton he shirt . Clarke take a deep nervous breath . danielle wrap herself in the cover they steal from the Day 's Inn , pick up Joan , and walk away , leave Clarke and Joel alone . Joel begin to unbutton he pants . Clarke pull out a dollar bill , hold it up . Joel groove over to Clarke . Clarke tuck the bill into Joel 's pants . Joel take Clarke 's hand and pulis he to he foot . he take off Clarke 's glass and kiss he . the two dance close for a moment . Joel leave Clarke in the headlight , get into the backseat of the oldsmobile . Clarke be blind and nervous , stand next to the fire in , the harsh headlight . joel come on then . the bangle be this burn a eternal flame ? Joel extend he hand , Clarke take it and get into the backseat . danielle lean against the billboard next to Joan . danielle well Joan , what do ya know ? daddy 's a man now . ext . the same field by the freeway - the next morning . Clarke wake up in the backseat of the oldsmobile with a smile on he face . Joel be nowhere in sight . 80. int . inside the oldsmobile on the OPEN road , somewhere in the desert - day Clarke sit in the backseat look out the window forlornly . danielle , as always be at the wheel . danielle I know you do not want to hear this right now , but you will get over it . clarke I fall in love last night , and now he 's go . my one chance at happiness . . dantelle stop act like a girl . clarke you drive he away . danielle Clarke , I be gonna stop thie conversation right now while you be - adjust you think . clarke welcome to life , Clarke . you be jast another taint grow up . danielle Jesus Christ . c there be no room in the world for a love like ours , they hate we for it . such a fragile thing , too beautiful and precious for this world . you will never be safe in this land of jealous saboteur . the oldsmobile stalis . danielle look at the gas gage . empty . danielle shit ! shit ! shit ! shit ! danielle get out and kick the car repeatedly , make a huge dent . danielle you fuck bitch ! gi. clarke Joel would know what to do , if he be here . danielle we best start walk . clarke ~ yes , you best . danielle Clarke , let 's go . clarke you be the one with the reason to live , you walk . danielle okay when I get to the next town , I be gonna call you father and tell he he son be wait for he with a tear rectum in he steal car 20 mile East of reno . Clarke press eject on the stereo , put the mix tape in he headphone and get out of the car . he walk three pace behind danielle as he listen to he headphone . Joan , the flour baby , be leave behind . ext . home of danny and janet brigg - morning a taxi stop in front of a small , white , perfectly manicure house . a suburban dream . Peggy and Sue - Ann get out . sue -ann do I look okay ? Peggy smile , and the two head up the walkway . ext . roadside - somewhere in the nevada desert - later a highway patrolman pull up behind the car on he motorcycle . Joan sit in the backseat of the oldsmobile , where she parent leave she . 82 . int . police station - day very thin partner open the cell for Joseph . very thin partner alright mister , you time be up . joeseph {to Big biker dude ) I wish I could say it 's 's be a pleasure . big biker dude you be good to that boy of yours . joeseph or what ? he will end up like you . big biker dude no . he will end up like you . very thin partner we find you car , ext . okalhoma CITY atrport - day a airplane take off . inside the airplane a stewardess offer joeseph some peanut . ext . roadside - somewhere in the nevada desert ~ later danielle walk with she thumb out try to hitch a ride . Clarke still trail she . clarke might as well put you arm down , be not no car come . danielle scowl at Clarke . just then , Clarke 's tape stop . clarke shit. Fucking battery . 83. danielle guess you be gonna have to talk to I now . clarke never . danielle he do not leave because of I . he leave because that 's the kind of guy he be . clarke it really bug you do not it ? that a man find I more attractive then you . maybe you be just not as cute as you use to be . a semi~truck come barrel down the freeway . danielle oh yeah ? danielle stick out she thumb . the truck squack to a halt at the sight of she . danielle E still get it , bitch . int . semi - truck - later Clarke and danielle be squeeze in with the most hideous toothless trucker the world have ever see . hideous toothless trucker you two be lucky I come along , it 's hotter then blaze out there , would not want a pretty thing like you gettin’ dehydrated . clarke ( to danielle ) what 's that word you be always use to describe yourself ? discriminate . int . gas staion outside of vega - evening a sweaty attendant ( 40' , inexplicable hair ) stand behind a counter ringing Danny and Clarke up . NY clarke Cash . 84 , sweaty attendant tank of gas , will be fifteen dollar . my son will drive you back to you car . will that be cash or charge ? danielle charge . clarke I be sick of pay you way . you be hateful and ungrateful . danielle do not be a asshole . you nre just as stick as T be . clarke you get a emergency fund . use it . danielle I can not . clarke why spend you own money when you can spend someone else 's ? danielle I do not have it anymore . clarke you spend it ! the only cash we have ? you aré such a selfish bitch . what do you buy yourself ? danielle it 's what I buy you ! Clarke be truly confuse . danielle ( cont 'd ) I want to do something nice for you . to thank you . Clarke still do not get it . danielle ( cont ‘d ) and you like he so much . tt dawns on Clarke slowly . 85 . clarke he do not think I be sexy ? danielle I be sure he do . it be just extra encouragement . Clarke be dumbfounded , he turn and head for the door . danielle ( cont ! D ) ( yell ) Clarke ! Clarke stop . danielle ( cont ’d ) I need you credit card . Clarke take the credit card out of he pocket and throw it at danielie . unfortunately , because he throw like a girl it do not hit she , rather , land limply right in front of he . exasperate , Clarke exit . the attendant give danielle a confuse look . danielle ( off look ) that 's what I get for marrying a faggot . the attendant swipe the card . ext . the same gas stat [ on - moment later Clarke diais a number at the pay phone . clarke yes. collect . from Clarke . suddenly , danielle burst out of the gas station . danielle Clarke ! run! danielle grab Clarke , pull he from the phone booth . bewildere , Clarke tear off after she , leave the receiver dangle . the attendant barrel out of the Gas Station 86 . sweaty attendant hey ! get back here ! Clarke and danielle duck behind a dumpster . clarke what the fuck ? danielle you card 's be report stclen . clarke that 's what we get for break the rule . dantelle they be gonna know we be here . shit ! shit ! shit ! clarke so , it 's over . danielle now that you get what you want , you want to throw in the towel ? clarke I want . to call my mom . aeross the street danielle spot a neon sign that say , '' the bullet '' , and below that in plastic , changeable letter '' amateur Strip Contest . '' danielle come on . danielle cross the freeway toward '' the bullet '' . Clarke reluctantly follow . the Gas Station attendant watch as Clarke and danielle enter the bar . ext . roadside - somewhere in the nevada desert -~ later a tow truck pull the oldsmobile away . Joan do not have she seat belt on and so tumble into the rear window . her face seem to let out a scream as it be press to the glass . 87 . int . the bullet —- later the bar be smoky and crowded . danielle go up to a bald door man in a leather vest . danielle hey . I want to enter the stripping contest . where 's the sign up sheet ? bald doorman you be look at he . danielle great . bald doorman not great . would not exactly be appropriate , now would it ? dantelle I be young but I get the move , trust I . my friend can vouch for I . clarke she 's do she research . danielle that prize money be mine . just give I a chance . bald doorman the winner be pick by the audience , yop think you can win this boy over be my guest ... upon closer inspection of the crowd , danielle and Clarke quickly surmise it 's a gay bar . danielle what be it with you people ? you be take over the world . bald doorman you kid run along now . they start to go . danielle Clarke , you have to do it . 88. clakre no way . danielle you wanna prove you be sexy , now 's you chance . clarke I be sick of do you dirty work . danielle do not do it for I . do it for you . clarke this guy will not like I . danielle {to the doorman ) six ? you be a hot blooded , bald , american homosexual . be or be not my friend a chicken hawk 's dream ? bald doorman bock bock . danielle you see that ? he clucked for you Clarke . it 's time you stand up and say , I be Clarke , I be here . I be two ton of home fun . clarke I be liable to piss myself . danielle that would giarantee you a victory . Clarke , what would Joel do ? int . the bullet ~ later jade , ( a skinny stripper , too old to still act like a bottom ) , wear a american flag g-string finish up he act on the SMALL stage . he pick up the two dollar bill that be throw at he . jade thanks mom . announcer let 's hear it for last week 's winner , jade . six week and still undefeate . 89 . jade ( 0.8 . ) Seven . danielle hand the announcer Clarke 's tape . anncuncer I stand correct , seven week undefeate , and might I add , uncontest . Clarke run out on stage with a cane back chair , set it center stage , and nervously run back to the wing . announcer but not this week . direct from tornado alley . do not call he jail bait , do not call he chicken , just call he ... the light fade . the open strain of blondie 's '' call I '' burn through the sound system . Clarke take the stage timidly . his knee pulse to the music . all he can muster in term of dance be snap he finger . heckler 1 take it off . jade 's mom you suck . Clarke begin to unbutton he shirt , try to move like Joel . danielle ( to announcer ) turn it up . the music get louder . Clarke close he eye and let the music carry he away . the music segues to '' manhunt '' from the flashdance soundtrack . Clarke rip off he shirt , revealing a undershirt that have be cut ala Jennifer beal in flashdance . danielle woooac0ce ! the crowd start to get into it . Clarke pull off he pants . in just he flashdance T-shirt , bvd 's and black sock he mount a cane back chair . 90 . this be danielle 's cue . she rush the stage with a bucket of water and douse Clarke . the audience go crazy ! they start throw money at the stage , singles , fives , ten .... the song end . Clarke bask in the glow of he clear victory . he be sexy , damn it ! danielle crawl abcut the stage gather up the money . announcer by a overwhelming margin , the winner of the fifty dollar prize money , and new champ be .... a unmistakable voice shout out ... joseph Clarke ! Joseph be reveal in the back of the bar stand with the sweaty gas station attendant . int . inside the oldsmobile - heading home Clarke and danielle ride in the backseat , like guilty troublemaker . Joseph drive . joseph it 's over for you boy , soon as we drop off you little friend here it 's straight to the academy with you . Clarke , still drip wet , stare out the window . danielle you have no right to kidnap I , you ugly mother fucker . joseph and I will hear no lip from you , it 's because of you my son have go off the deep end . danielle you son be a miserable , whiny douche bag before I get my hand on he . 91 . joseph and turn he into a cock sucker . danielle mister , for a man clearly desperate to get he tool drain , it would not be wise to knock the willing . joseph do not make I pull this car over . clarke what be you gonna do , huh ? smack she around ? knock some sense into she ? joseph . that 's enough out of you . Clarke slip danielle the wad of money . she shoot he a , what be you do ? look . clarke I tell you what . I like cock ! the bigger the better . . joseph do not make I come back there . clarke I like the dreamy , creamy taste . joseph shut up ! . clarke somebody pass I a cracker for that cheese ! Joseph pull the car over , get out and head for Clarke 's side of the car . danielle do not you hurt he ! clarke ( to danielle ) if I be good at anything , it 's how to take a punch . Joseph open the door , grab Clarke , and pull he from the car . 92 . clarke ( cont ‘d ) run ! now ! Joseph throw Clarke to the ground . danielle can not leave he . clarke get danielle grabe she bag and Joan and take off across the freeway . Joseph notice the escape . joseph ( to danielle ) you get back here you two bit slut ! Joseph try to chase danielle , but be hinder by the traffic . danielle run up the freeway with she thumb out . a station wagon pull over . danielle dive in , and be go . exp . vega bus station - night . the station wagon pull up to the bus stop . danielle get out . int . vega bus station - later danielle wait on a bench with Joan . over the loudspeaker we hear ... announcer now board 12:15 bus to fresno , with stop in barstow , bakersfield and visalia . ext . vega bus station - later danielle board a bus head for fresno . a friendly male bus driver ( 40' , with a kind face ) greet danielle as she board . bus driver you travel alone little girl ? 93 . danielle yep . bus driver sit up front behind I , then . some sketchy character on this bus . danielle take the seat directly behind the bus driver . ~ int . on the fresno bound bus - later danielle can not sleep . she hold Joan tight and look out the window . bus driver do not mind that sign say you can not talk to I . I like it . help keep I awake . danielle you be a little old for I . bus driver you think I be hit on you ? can not say I do not blame you for the misunderstanding . what be you ' bout 16 ? danielle most people say I look older . bus driver well you do not . my daughter 's you age , ever since she begin to fill out , every man , every age seem to hit on she some way . not when I be around , mind you . Men know better then to hit on you little girl right in front of you . danielle you be a good dad ? bus driver not perfect , but I try . dantelle I be go to see my daddy . bus driver be a while since you have see he ? 94 . dantelle forever . bus driver he 's gonna be happy to see you . somethin’ about daddy and they little girl . it 's its own kind of love . danielle look out the window and smile . ext . fresno bus stop - the next morning danielle get off the bus , head for the taxi stand , but turn and go inside the station . int . fresno bus stop - lady room - moement later . danielle stand before the mirror . she pulis out she make - up case and begin to freshen up . she stop , pull she hair back , look for the hickey that Mike leave she . it 's go . she turn on the faucet and wash off all of she makeup . int . taxi look fresh and clean for the first time ever , danielle pass the suburban house of fresno . she look at the photo strip of she mother and father , take a deep breath . . ext . home of danny and janet brigg - — later the taxi pull up to the house . danielle do not get out . taxi driver we be here . danielle I know . taxi driver means you can get out now . danielle okay . 95 . danielle get out of the taxi . taxi driver you still gotta pay I . danielle right , I be sorry . danielle give the cabby he money , then slowly make she way up the long concrete walk . at the front door she hesitates . she cannot bring herself to ring the doorbell . fuck it , she seem to say to herself , she almost ring the doorbell , when the door open . danielle look up . Sue - Ann stand in the doorway before she . sue -ann you get some explain to do . danielle where 's my father ? sue -ann danielle , it 's best if we just go on home now . a horsy blonde woman , janet , peer through the front drape , give danielle the once over . Peggy appear in the doorway behind Sue ~ Ann . danielle ( ver : Janet in the window ) be that he wife ? sue -ann yes it be . danielle can I say hello to she ? sue -ann Peggy and I have cause this people enough trouble . it 's time we get out of they hair . . peggy where 's my boy ? ne 96 . danielle his daddy find we . they be together now . peggy Jesus . danielle can I just come in ? I '' really tired , and I need to use the bathroom . peggy tf he 's hurt I be go to hold you personally responsible , young lady . sue -ann the three of we be gonna go to the airport and head on back to Oklahoma , and when we get there we will get all we feeling square away . danielle see Janet pass in the hallway beyond . danielle ocall out , get more desperate ) Janet ? that 's you name right ? can I use you bathroom ? I just need to go . be that okay ? Janet head upstairs . danielle try to force she way in , but Sue - Ann and Peggy block the door . danielle run around the back of the house . sue -ann danielle ! danielle will not stop . in the backyard she be stop cold by the sight of danny brigg ( a handsome 37 year - old , go slightly to seed ) . his back be to he daughter as he grill some hamburger . danielle Danny Briggs ? he do not turn around . danny brigg you Sue - Ann 's little girl ? 97 . danielle uh-huh . he turn to look at she . danny brigg if you be not the spittin’ image of you mother . danielle people think we be sister all the time . Janet storm out of the back door . janet you can not be here ! danny brigg it 's okay , Janet . janet Daniel . this be not what we discuss . danny brigg just go on inside . janet ( to danielle ) say you peace and be on you way . Janet . go back inside . danny brigg do not mind hér . she 's upset . danielle they boy you sell the house to say she be kinda high strung and all . I be prepare in my mentality . danny brigg show that you be a smart girl . ( then ) you know the trick to make hamburger on the grill be to only flip ‘em once . danielle rush to she father and throw she arm around he . 98 . Sue - Ann and Peggy stand at the gate watch . Peggy lead Sue ~ Ann away . danny brigg ( rationalize to himself ) okay . okay . danielle I know it . I know I have find you . danny brigg this be not suppose to be like this . you mother be just gonna take you home ... . danielle but I be here now . danny brigg yes . I guess you be . danielle and we never have to be apart again . danny brigg sweetie . I think you and I need to have a talk . a real good talk . danielle sit down eagerly on at the picnic table . danielle we can talk about anything you want . we do not have to force nothing . we can just sit here and wait till one ’of we , or both of we , be inspire . danny brigg danielle honey , the last couple of day have be real strange for I , I have not see you mama in a long , long time . danielle must have be weird . seventeen year be a long time not to see somebody . danny brigg yes , that be weird . danielle Super duper weird . 99 . danny brigg yes , I guess , super duper weird . danielle she 's a real hag , be not she ? not the fine thing you fall in love with . danny brigg Danny , I do not know about you . danielle she do not tell you ? danny brigg well , no , not exactly ... I think she have goten rid of it . ( then ) you gotta understand . we be not in love , we just like hang out I guess . danielle you be wrong . she love you . she name I after you . danny brigg I be not proud of myself . sometimes people act on they impulse , and it do not always work out for the best . danielle she decide to keep I ? danny brigg I have no idea . danielle you know what this mean ? danny brigg what ? danielle it mean I do not have to forgive you for runnin 's out on we . I be kind of look forward to that . danny brigg if you would forgive I anyway , it would mean a lot to I . 100 . dantelle done . danny brigg you must have miss a lot of school come to see I . danielle just a couple of day . I bring my homework . danny brigg Bet you be in a hurry to get back : danielle I do not know what Sue - Ann have tell you , but we situation be not really ideal . danny brigg uh-huh . danielle I know it 's a shock , I be here and all , but if it 's alright , and I know it would take a lot of adjustin’ for everybody ... danny brigg you can not stay here , honey . danielle I will keep my room real nice . danny brigg I be sure you ' wonld , it just would not be right be all . danielle families be suppose@ to be together , it 's what 's natural . danny brigg danielle , I be a stranger . dantelle you be my daddy . danny brigg you seem like a real nice girl and all , and I be sure I have be real proud of you ... 101 . danielle do not bet on it . danny brigg but ... a child voice from the back door . child voice daddy , who 's that ? oe tiffany brigg ( 8 ) be reveal in the doorway . danny brigg just one of daddy 's student . you go on up and take you nap like a good girl . Tiffany defy she father and head over to danielle anyway . tiffany what 's you name ? danielle I be danielle , what 's you 's ? tiffany Tiffany , and you know what ? danielle what ? tiffany my daddy be gonna take I to disneyland on my birthday . daniblle well , that make you a real lucky girl . tiffany be you in my daddy 's class ? danielle yes . tiffany the only time he student come here be when they be fail . be you fail ? danielle yes . J a 102 . Danny Briggs pick up Tiffany and begin tickle she . Tiffany scream gleefully . danny brigg tickle monster , come to get you ! tiffany nooooolli !! danny brigg you gonna go upstairs , take you nap ? tiffany bye , danielle . danielle bye , Tiffany . " iffany run back into the house . danny brigg sorry about that . danielle she 's real cute . danny brigg that she be . danielle ske must be you pride and joy , huh ? danny brigg you could sa} that . a long awkward silence as miss year pass between they . danielle I think I need to go , huh ? danny brigg probably be a good idea . danielle turn to go . danny brigg danielle ? you be a good girl now . 103 . ext . home of danny and janet brigg , front yard - moment later . Peggy sit on the front stoop as Sue ~ Ann pace nervously . danielle appear from the side of the house . danielle nsob ) mommy ? Sue - Ann rush to she daughter , and throw she arm around she . danielle ( cont 'd ) I be so stupid . I be so stupid . int . airplane danielle sit between Peggy and she mother . she be asleep with she head - on Sue - Ann 's shoulder . int . danielle 's bedroom - later danielle enter she room to find mindy asleep in she bed . she stand on a chair and begin remove the collage of man from she wall . Sue - ann enter . sue ~ann can I do anything for you , baby ? . danielle bring I a trash can ? ext . clarken house -day danielle pull up in she mustang , get out of the car and ring the doorbell . no answer . Peggy appear from around the side of the house , take the trash to the curb . danielle Mrs. gardner ? peggy what be you do here ? danielle I want to know how Clarke 's do . peggy . he 's go to be fine . it 's all |. gonna be fine . you just go on ... danielle be he at that school ? . peggy there 's so much go on here . it 's the. best place for he right now . danielle he must totaily hate it . peggy I have get to figure a few thing out . danielle I be sorry if I cause you any problem . peggy honey , we problem start long before you . danielle where 's he daddy ? peggy he 's get himself a little apartment . danielle I break up you family . I be sorry . peggy sometimes thing need to get break so 's they can be fix . I be not the person I should be . we get this idea about what be a good parent be . as long as we be do we best that 's all that matter , but it 's not true . I mean , if you best stink , what good be you ? 104 , 10s . danielle Clarke would rather be with you . peggy all that time I let he hurt my son . I be not what 's best . danielle I do not mean to do you no disrespect , Mam , but that 's fuckin 's stupid . . peggy you will understand when you be older . danielle will Clarke ? what 's worse , grow up with a weak mama , or no mama ? he love you now , but he 's gonna hate you for this . peggy this be really none of you business , danielle I know what it 's like to find out you be not want , to find out that for you whole life , nothing 's ever gonna be perfect . seem to I though you should try to make the most of it if you love somebody . int . mormon temple - pay a mormon preacher marries Sue ~ Ann and Ray . danielle and mindy be the bridesmaid , Charlie be best man . mormon freacher we stand before you in the eye of the lord and ask that he accept this family , Sue - Ann and Ray and they child , Charlie , mindy and danielle , into he holy kingdom everlast . int . challenger CLASS room-day danielle stand alone before class with Joan , who look rather beat . 106 . danielle I guess you could say that we little girl have be through a lot in she short life . she have learn that sometimes you gotta accept what life throw at you , but only after a really good fight to find out what you be make of . it 's the fight that will make accept bearable . mrs . hatcher very nice , danielle . danielle I be not do . mrs . hatcher okay . danielle she also miss she daddy a whole lot , and hope that someday she family will be bring back together , because it 's fun . int . principal mulray' office -day danielle sit as before in a chair across from principal mulray . principal mulray you have come a long way danielle . what happen to that girl who would act out at the drop of the hat ? danielle shrug . principal mulray Mrs. hatcher say you be do great , that you be more involved , say you even sign up for the talent show . danielle I be work at be a more traditional kind of person . 107 . principal mulray I might be take a risk here , but if you promise that I can trust you , I 'il put you back with the normal kid . can I trust you ? int . high school auditorium -day ~ a group of boy finish up they act , a rather sad break dance routine on a square of linoleum . principal mulray let 's hear it for the mid-city gangster . the audience clap , as the boy do a choreograph bow out of a '' wave '' . principal mulray and now the musical styling of miss danielle edmonston . there be mild - to - no applause . the curtain open , revealing danielle in spotlight behind a microphone . danielle this be for my baby 's daddy . a piano intro ... danielle ( sing as best she can , but still rather badly ) baby cry the day the circus come to town / Cause she do not want parade just pass by she / so she paint on a smile and she take up with some clown / while she dance without a net upon the wire / I know a lot about she ' cause you see , baby be a awful lot like I / do not cry out loud / just keep it inside and learn how to hide you feeling / fly high and proud / and iff you should fall / remember you almost have it all ... the door to the auditerium open , revealing the silhouette of @ mane ... 108 . danielle baby see that when they pull the big top down / they leave behind she dream among the litter ... the man make he way slowly down the aisle of the auditorium . we can not make he out fully in the darkness , but he appear to be in uniform ... danielle and the different kind of love she think she have find / there be nothing leave there but see dust and some glitter / but baby can not be break , cause you see , she have the finest teacher that be I , I tell she ... the man begin to sing , cut off danielle . clarke ( sing ) do not exy out loud , just keep it inside and learn how to hide you feeling / fly high and proud , and if you should fall , remember you almost have it all ! the spotlight find Clarke in the aisle , dress to the nine in full military regalia , he entrance rivaling Richard gere 's in 's a Officer and a gentleman 's . modulation ... Clarke take the stage to danielle 's utter delight , the two finish the song as a defiant duet . danielle / clarke do not Cry out loud / just keep it inside and learn how to hide you feeling / fly High and proud , and if you should fall remember you almost make it / do not cry out loud / just keep it inside and learn how to hide you feeling / fly High and proud and remember you almost have it all ! itittt danielle and Clarke finish with flourish . there be absolutely no reaction from the audience . 109 . ext . norman high school parking lot - after school danielle they let you out for good behavior or something ? clarke my mama come and get I . Said she be compel . ~ danielle it be the least I could do after I ruin you family . clarke thank you for that . danielle how 's it feel to be free ? clarke actually , I kinda miss that place . danielle what ? clarke in a school with no girl , I be very popular . danielle you fuckin’ whore ! clarke taught by the best . dantelle Clarke , nobody like a dirty girl . clarke yeah , right . Clarke and danielle get into the mustang and pull away . Clarke pop he tape into the stereo and press play . a hard rock downbeat . Debbie Harry begin to sing '' dream '' . the top be down . the wind blow through they hair . in the backseat , Joan smile . the end.