disclosure by Paul alt.tanasio base on the novel , disclosure , by Michael crichton Baltimore picture first draft March 21 , 1994 '' no act be so private it do not seek applause . '' -- John updike white title on black -- monday CUT to : int . day . sander 's house --den close on --a computer monitor a high -resolution screen , as the : E mail icon blink . then change color as someone click on it . then : from : arthur kahn digicom / kuala lumpur to : tom sander digicom / seattle ( at home ) product name : '' diana '' CD -rom tom : considering the merger , I thought you should get this at home : '' diana '' production line running at 29 % despite all effort . spot check on drive show seek time 40 - 60 msec off specs . power flicker on screen also not yet ved . solved go speak of the merger , be you 99 rich and famous yet ? oe congratulation in advance on % you promotion . arthur over this voice and the music of nintendo filter down from upstairs -- pulling back eliza , 8 , cute but chubby , wet hair , wander away from the computer , into the live room and then out of view ... susan ( 0.c. ) ( to phone ) what if he go out and busy a lear jet ? ( more ) ( continued ) 1 continued : susan ( cont would ) ( listen ) well , I do track you down in Paris , bernie. ( listen ) I be not be a pain in the ass , I be be a lawyer . ( listen ) well , I think there 's a difference . sander ( 0.c . ) no more nintendo , Mat !.. Tim ? for school. ( call ) hey , ' lize , where be you ? eliza ( call ) you get a e mail , dad . she reach on tiptoe for a carton of milk . it wobble , like it 's go to fall ... then she gut it . pour herself a glass . matt ( 0.c . ) I have to get kill or kill somebody . _ sander ( 0.c. ) Matt , just pause it . you can finish later . matt ( 0.c. ) mommy do not like I to pause it all day . sander ( 0.c. ) ( relenting ) ' you ready to go as soon as you ad finish ? do you pee ? ww matt ( 0.c . ) q2 yes. gee sander ( 0.c . ) do you brush you tooth ? go brush you tooth . ( call ) ' lize , get up here right now ! ( continued ) 1 continued : ( 2 ) susan ( 0.c. ) ( to phone ) -.- we need some kind of protection on what he spend - ~ ( catch in a mistake ) I do not see why it matter if I bring it up earlier or -- ( listen ) I should have . you be right , I be a bad lawyer . ( cover phone ) shit -- Tom ? Matt 's go : toothpaste all over himself . sander ( 0.°2 . ) oh , Jesus , Matt . susan ( 0.c. ) ( cover phone ) if you can not take car ? of it , do not say you will take care of it . sander ( 0.°. ) you be welcome . susan ( 0.c.} '' ( to phone ) yeah I '' here . ( cover phone ) : and '' liza need a jacket . sander ( 0.€. ) I know she need a jacket . ( call ) 8 q ' liza ! 9 gy eliza 9 a jacket do not go , dad . 9 susan ( 0.c. ) {to phone ) bernie , quit break my ball . nlisten ) I have several pair . I collect they , like scalp . sander ( 0.c. ) Matt , put on a sweatshirt . matt ( 0.c . ) that 's for girl , a white sweatshirt . sander ( 0.c . ) since when ? ( call ) ' lize ! ( continued ) continued : ( 3 ) eliza dad , leave I alone . eliza go to the computer . Hit print . CUT to : int . day . kitchen susan hendler , late 30 , a empty mug in she hand , pull on a sweater on as she enter . her eye shine with a skeptical intelligence . she put she mug down . go to matt , a cute five year old zip he sweatshirt . tom sander , 41 year old , suit and tie , a id badge on he pocket , confront he daughter , she jacket in he fist . the smile of a lady 's man . the build of a varsity athlete . still something of the high school hero about he . sander I be the father . when you father say put on a jacket , you put on this jacket . eliza Ariel do not have a father . she have two mother . sander 9 oh , really ? o® susan 9 99 he 's sit in the Hotel crilleg ) with he secretary patch in from New York and I be brush the cheerios out of my file folder . it 's insanity . she take the jacket from Sanders . hand it to eliza . susan ( with jacket ) . ' lize , put this on , sweetie . eliza no. susan eliza. ( beat ) . you can take it off when you get to school . ( continued ) 2 continued : eliza obediently take the jacket . put it on . she pour 3 ext . day . sander ( to eliza ) and when I tell you t9 listen to you mother , you listen to you mother . susan Matt , do you pee ? matt yes . herself another half - cup of coffee . susan I do not understand why you agree to take the kid when you have a big day like today -- sander I 'il tell you what I do not understand . susan -~ with this promotion -- sander I do not understand why chau -minh go have to get the day off for she 8 birthday . she have a birthday every two month . it 's like 9 she 's from the planet mercury . 9 eliza dad , you get a e-mail . cut to : sander ' house Susan climb behind the wheel of a ford taurus wagon . Sanders strap Matt in , climb into the passenger seat . sander hey , do you call for I about that disneyland ticket ? susan , oh , Tom , with everything I have to do today -- ( continued ) 3 continued : sander c'mon . it 's one phone call . for think you have a connection . susan ; who be this for again ? sander Mohammed Jafar -- he 's we foreman in Malaysia . I promise he . susan you be the only person I know who suck up to people below you . sander Matt , do not kick the seat . Susan put the car in gear ... se2 something on Sanders 's tie . susan what 's that on you tie ? g® sander g® I do not have time . go. 9 % toothpaste . let 's go . ®& Sanders dial '' c-h-a " into he cellular phone . the name type out on the digital display : chang , cindy . a preprogrammed series of beeps as the phone autodial ... susan the one day you wear a tie it should not look like a bib . Susan back out of the driveway . put the car in drive ... sander ( to phone ) hi , Cindy . what 's up ? ( beat ) garvin ? garvin come down to my office ? ( to Matt ) hey , Matt , what do I say ? {to phone ) surprise I be late today ? what the hell do that mean ? matt I have to pee . ( continued ) continued : ( 2 ) sander ( to phone ) he say it in pass or he say it like he be say something ? CUT to : int . later . taurus the kid have be drop off at school . Susan race for the ferry . Sanders look at he watch . sander why the hell 's garvin come by my office at eight in the morning ? susan to congratulate you . sander that 's not he style . you know garvin - - he treat everybody like dirt except -- q& q susan gf - -- the top guy . ~ y Sanders think a beat - ~now , with the promotion , that mean he . he and Susan share a smile . sander yeah . ( beat ) if we merge with conley - White and they spin off we group , we be gonna be rich , you know . susan we be already rich , if you ask I . sander I mean really rich . susan ( muse ) my grandmother use to have this expression . do not climb up there too close to god-- he might shake the tree . CUT to : ext . day . ferry a ferry full of commuter revs in the dock , about to leave bainbridge island as the Taurus pull up . Sanders run out with he briefcase . Susan clamber out of the car . susan Tom ? thanks for this morning . Sanders turn , take a beat . then go to she . grab she and kiss her back onto the hood of the car ... applause from the commuter . she watch as he run , leap aboard the ferry . CUT to : ext . day . ferry on the upper deck of the ferry , Sanders dial he tiny cellular phone . plug in a name code . . insert--display as it type out : l-a-r ... then fill in from its memory : larson , eddie . a string of preprogrammed beeps . fred price , 5as , sidle up . a face . like crockery that 's pea glue too many time . the ghost of Computers past . 9 price go® ( off phone ) 9 smaller faster cheaper better . remember the first one ? the way you lug it around .... sander yep . price people be amaze . it be like show a Polaroid to a bushman . now they get the red ass if it 's bigger than a credit card . too inconvenient . Sanders smile politely . ring through . sander keeps you on you toe . ( to phone ) hi , Eddie . it 's Tom . Cindy say you call ?... yeah , I will hold . ( more ) ( continued ) 6 continued : sander ( cont would ) ( to price ) | hey , how 's the job search ? price I can not believe I be with IBM twenty - eight year -- do I ever tell you what they tell I ? I be '' surpluse '' . you ever hear that word ? sander ( to phone ) what 's go on down there , Eddie ? ( listen ) that 's crazy . price if they want a euphemism they should nve say '' sodomize . '' sander ( to phone ) we be not sell the Austin plant . it 's a rumor . c’mon , there 's always this rumor float around - especially at 1 a time ke this . 90 price 90 you do not see it come . you be go go right along , then one day , go there 's no room . boom . there 's no room for you . smaller faster cheaper better . sander ( to phone ) do not use name over the -- I be on the cellular . no name . look , it 's not true . it 's a rumor . price I be make one - fifty a year . Big money . boom . that 's probably what you make , huh ? one - fifty ? Sanders turn to price . give he he card . ( continued ) 5 10 . continued : ( 2 ) sander ( to phone ) hold on a sec. ( to price ) look , call Cindy , make a appointment . there 's some thing go on . maybe I can help you . ( to phone ) we be not sell Austin . Eddie , if we be sell Austin , do not you think I no know ? price Cindy ? pretty name . we use to have fun with the girl . nowadays , she probably want you job . ccut to : int . day . digicom Sanders hustle out of the elevator , past the orange digicom logo . out of the corner of he eye he see a sexy woman in a armani suit walk the other way . he turn . great ass . he smile , turn , continue on . she turn meredith johnson , 33 , with a look that say she 's earn every stripe in that suit . larger than life . glitter with amorality . she watch Sanders from behind as he walk towar he office . great ass . she smile , turn , continue on . ad CUT to : goo ? int . day . digicom Sanders walk briskly past cindy chang , 20 , he sexy - without - try chinese - american secretary . sander what would garvin say ? he want I to come up ? cindy he do not say . he seem piss . sander he do not say anything ? cindy he growle . ( continued ) will . continued : sander yeah ? maybe he be flirt . you get Arthur ? Sanders take out the printout of he e-mail . eliza have scrawle a smiley face on it . I love you , daddy . Sanders smile . Cindy hand he he mocn coffee . cindy he 's come in on the dvl . the lunch with the conley - wwhite people get push up to noon . on the direct video linkup as it boot up ... fifteen second to direct video linkup dc/s-dc / kl sen : T. sander rec : A. kahn sander conley - White , we will probably have that sandwich with the crust cut off . cindy why do you say that ? sander . that whole East Coast publishing 90 thing . they all get they jaw 9 wire shut at the same prep 98 school . go cindy the merger 's still go through , be not it ? sander why ? do you hear something ? cindy no , just --. what 's that on you tie ? sander garvin do not say anything about my promotion ? cindy I think you be come in early today . ( continued ) 12. 8 continued : ( 2 ) sander do the people from Father of the Year call ? cindy ( blank ) no. sander that 's a joke , cind . Sanders sit . turn to the video camera . fluff he hair ... cindy you want I to close you door ? sander Cindy , when do I ever ask you to close my door ? ' on the screen appear arthur kahn , 40s , Vegas from the ' seventy -- porsche - frame glass , fila sweatsuit . he have a hacking cough . the video image lag second behind the audio . with the time difference , it 's the middle of the night in Malaysia . arthur Tom , you look frighteningly awake . go sander go ? what 's wrong with '' diana '' , .q ) Arthur ? S arthur the drive be just very slow . we be get seek time in the one - forty , one - sixty range . sander one-forty be not a sexy CD player anymore . one~forty be the same as toshiba 's . arthur my guy think there 's a compatibility problem between the controller chip and the driver software . sander you think the chip be bad ? ( continued ) 3 continued : 13 . ( 3 ) ; arthur either they be bad or there 's a bug in the code . we can not -- sander if it 's the chip that put we back a year . arthur then there 's this thing with the screen -- the current cut in and out . it 's something in the hinge connector . I think it 's a design problem . sander what do you mean , a dosign problem ? every laptop in the world have that design . arthur I send you some drive dhl . you should get they by the end of the day . , sander this - be bad , Arthur . I do not gS know what to do about this . 9 9 arthur 90 ° you gonna bury it till after 's merger ? sander do not you say anything . do anyone else know about this ? arthur I '' a grave , what , be you kid , Tom ? look , I still think '' diana '' will be a major -- major -- hit . sander I will talk to you after I get the drive . arthur Tom , do you get that macadamia nut that I - - Sanders disappear Arthur from the screen . gather he folder ... Cindy follow with she clipboard ... ( continued ) 8 14 . continued : ( 4 ) cindy the Monday morning with the group get push up to ten . sander pushed up ? cindy do you know a meredith Johnson ? sander meredith ? year ago . cindy she 's up from the Valley for the lunch . sander Jesus , be the whole company invite to this lunch ? cindy she want to see you . bad day - in law in town - take a rain check ? go Sanders smile . oct ad sander I go to see lewyn , the keypad stick on the 900 . and get that worried look off you face . if it be bad news , garvin would have send phil blackburn . he give she a affectionate whack on the butt with he folder as he head out . CUT to : int . later . elevator Sanders wait for the elevator . join he : phil blackburn , late 40s , the general counsel . the manners of a clergyman . blackburn hey , Tom Sanders ! sander phil blackburn ! hey ! ( beat ) you be not , ah , come to see I , be you ? ( continued ) 15 . continued : blackburn no . why ? | sander nothing . how be you ? blackburn Jesus , how be you , Tom ? you look all beat up . sander I do ? the elevator arrive . it 's empty . they climb aboard . blackburn you be let it get to you . do not . it 's pure garvin . you can not take it personally . sander take what personally ? blackburn look , maybe it 's just a rumor . sander what rumor , phil ? blackburn qg0 I do not want to be spread 9 rumor . that 's how this thing 92 get start . go sander what , about Austin ? blackburn who say something about Austin ? sander phil , what have not I hear ? blackburn _ I can not believe he do not tell you . he 's so perverse . the elevator stop . two programmers climb aboard . sander do not tell I what ? blackburn glance to the programmer . finger to he lip . ( continued ) 2 16 . continued : ( 2 } blackburn ( brightly ) so , how 's Susan ? sander she 's good , phil . how 's lonnie ? blackburn great . do you know she get tenure ? well , here 's my stop . Sanders follow blackburn off the elevator . they continue to walk ... head down a back : staircase ... blackburn I have try to explain to garvin ... you know what he 's like - - he 's like a child . fuck you feeling if they get in the way of he big surprise . sander what big surprise ? . blackburn the rumor be you be get pass over . sander I be not get the ve2epee job ? blackburn that 's the rumor . that 's all I go ? can tell you . o& go® sander do not call it a rumor . rumor be always true . blackburn , garvin have not say anything to you ? sander he come by my office this morning , I be late . Susan have a conference call . blackburn you be late today ? Three marketing execs head up the stair the other way ... ( continued ) 9 continued : 17 . ( 3 ) exec # 1 hey , phil blackburn ! what bring you up to Seattle ? blackburn good to see you again . ( resume ) somebody tell garvin I be talk to you , man , he will have my nut for breakfast . you know how he be about leak . sander this be a leak ? I think this be a rumor . blackburn it be different when we be all down in the Valley together , Tom . I could watch you back . sander who 's get it ? blackburn the rumor be he 's go outside the group . you would still head up manufacactur , presumably . sander wait a minute -- I might be out of a job ? 9 blackburn 0 q g do not get paranoid all of a oe sudden . go® sander I be a fast learner . blackburn you would not make somebody veepee and then take away they power to appoint they own team . how would that look ? sander phil -- be I out of a job ? blackburn hey , c’mon , Tom . I be already out on a limb . ( more ) { continued ) 18 . 3 continued : ( 4 ) blackburn ( cont would ) ( beat ) you gonna be okay ? you want a prozac ? sander I be fine . you know , [ I be disappointed . I be fine . blackburn you sure ? sander hey , do not worry about I , phil , I be a stockholder , right ? whatever 's best for the company . CUT to : 10 int . later . digicom blackburn and garvin talk on the phone . blackburn -.- obviously , he 's disappointed . . garvin but he take it well ? go® blackburn 9 93 overall , I have say yes . go garvin I do not want any bump before this merger be announce Friday . just one big happy fanily . blackburn I have to tell you --ngoing down to see he this morning be a masterstroke . it really put he on the defensive . garvin ( chuckle ) yeah . the minute I hear he be late I run right down there . blackburn I will just have to keep a eye on he . ( continued ) 11 12 13 19 . continued : garvin he 'il get on the program . when push come to shove , he do not have the gut . CUT to : int . later . sander 's office Sanders dial . get a answering machine . susan ( 0.c. ) hello , we be not home right now , but if you ' will -- he hang up . dial another number . operator ( 0.c . ) the mobile customer you be try to reach -- Sanders hang up . press '' redial . '' the bleep rattle off ... operator ( g.c . ) the mobile customer you be try to reach be away from the phone , or beyond we service area . please call again later . g8 sue int . day . digicom Sanders come out of he office . go to Cindy 's desk . sander let I ask you something . you know Susan . if I hear a rumor about the future of the company , my future -- you know , not a crazy rumor , a real rumor - - what do you think Susan would say ? do you think she have say go see garvin ? CUT to : int . later . digicom Sanders hustle off the elevator toward garvin 's office . ( continued ) 20 . 3 continued : sander be he in ? secretary he 's in a meeting . sander could you tell he I be here ? the Secretary type onto the amtel . then the door open : JOHN conley , late 30 , a privileged Connecticut wasp ( but armani down to the glass ) , emerge with jim chase , early 40s , he investment banker and tennis partner . behind they : bob garvin , 5as , profane , peremptory and predatory , ina turnbull «& asser shirt and bespoke suit . garvin ( off Sanders ) hey ! here 's a guy you should meet . Tom Sanders -- h2 head up we manufacturing . ( introduce ) Jim chase , with Crescent Capital . and John conley . sander : god you be John conley ? 90 ? conley go junior . dad 's come out Friday with the member of the board . ( to garvin ) catch you at the lunch . conley and chase exit . garvin beckon Sanders inside . garvin Tom , come on in . you want to see I about something ? sander sorry about this morning . you know how it be , with the kid and -- garvin ( he do not ) yeah. ( resume ) have you ever meet meredith Johnson , Tom ? Sanders enter garvin 's office . meredith sit relaxed on the couch . that great leg . ( continued ) 3 continued : 2l. ( 2 ) sander hi , meredith . meredith what 's the matter , Sanders ? that 's a hello you would give toa rash . sander I be just a little preoccupy . it have nothing to do with you . meredith ( to garvin ) Sanders and I go way back . he break my heart . sander she 's make that up . meredith if I be bullshit you would never know it . it 's one of the few thing I be good at . garvin fix himself a coffee from a service on a sideboard . garvin I think you heart be make out of that plastic they use for 9 football helmet . 90 ° meredith 00 % ( to Sanders ) remember what a bimbo i be ? I have that whole '' dynasty '' look go . sander I do not know -- I do not think of you that way . meredith no , you do not . you use to tell I I could be anything I want . garvin well , he get that right . meredith it be a line , Bob . sander it be not a line . ( continued ) 3 continued : 22 . ( 3 ) garvin coffee , Tom ? sander no thanks . garvin I have no idea you two know each other . meredith what 's that line of wilde 's ? '' TI like a man with a future and a woman with a past . '' sander ( to meredith ) somebody tell I you be in sale , down in the valley ? meredith oh , no . the last couple of year I have be in special project , try to clean up the mess Bob 's make out of this company . garvin go8 yeah ? if it 's such a fuck oo mess how come I be so fuck 's rich ? 9 sander well , you know , we should get together and catch up , meredith . meredith I would love that . garvin come back , stir he coffee . garvin plenty of time for that now . ( to Sanders ) I remember fly back to Wyoming -- I be sure it be dead . conley be choke on the valuation . '' Blue sky - on the come - in the future '' -- all that crap . the spinoff be meredith 's idea . sander really . ( continued ) 3 14 23 . continued : ( 4 ) meredith do not say it too loud . conley think it be they idea . garvin lit ‘em up like a Christmas tree . meredith save the merger . meredith not a bad idea for a yirl , huh ? garvin turn to Sanders . garvin so what be it you want to see I about ? cuT to : int . morning . conference room Sanders enter , slam he folder down , pace angrily ... the other department head assemble around a conference table : MARK lewyn , 38 , the head of design . rei kawakubo suit . temperamental , paranoid , obsessive . mary anne hunter , 35 , the head of data telecommunication . work shirt and jeans . a southerner with a cut tongue . don cherry , 24 , the head of programming . the enthusiasm of a shipwreck survivor who have just reach shore . and dress that way . g9 sander 9 meredith fuck Johnson . Son of 3 a bitch . goddam garvin . ad at lewyn what happen ? sander I be not get it . lewyn garvin tell you that ? sander I be just up there . he 's get she install on the couch , they be bat it back and forth like it 's the fuck '' tonight show . '' cherry who ? ( continued ) + i continued : 24 . lewyn this be not gonna affect the spinoff , be it ? sander this be a technical division . meredith Johnson would not know software from a cashmere sweater . cherry who 's -~? lewyn what be not you tell we ? sander I might lose my job , lewyn . that 's not enough ? do you know what it 's like out there ? lewyn he say something about the spinoff , do not he . sander they do not even tell I about I . do you think they tell I about the’ spinoff ? 90 ( resume ) 9 this be the worst day of my ligehd cherry gS who 's meredith Johnson ? lewyn let I guess . she 's attractive ? hunter what do that have to do with it ? lewyn . great rack ? nipples like pencil eraser ? sander she 's attractive . she 's very attractive . lewyn : ; you think she 's sleep with garvin ? ( continued ) 4 continued : 25 . ( 2 ) cherry that 's why he buy that Nordic track ! lewyn it 's a curse , to be m : . life hold no surprise . hunter this be such a cliché . lewyn Hunter , how do you think a cliché become a cliché ? hunter you mean like '' size do not matter '' ? cherry . I have such a thing fur you , Hunter . sander I have be basically do the job for six month , on top of my job . nobody care . hunter : all I know be any woman have to b twice as good as a man and work 99 twice as hard to get the same job 99 for less pay . go q3 lewyn now that be a cliché . sander hey , Hunter , whose side be you on ? hunter well , if you asshole be gonna react this way , I be on she side . cherry c’mon , Hunter . it 's weird . nobody know she . sander I do . I have a thing with she . lewyn you be amazing . ( continued ) 4 continued : 26 . ( 3 ) sander it be year ago . lewyn tf you know any more woman you would be a census . hunter well , maybe now you can sleep you way to a better job . sander ( off watch ) could we get some work do today ? we be have problem with '' diana . '' lewyn : ( automatically ) ' it 's not the design . cherry it 's not the code . hunter wait a minute . why ? why she and not Sanders ? he 's not attractive ? cherry 9 because man and woman be go different . : 9 a0 8 hunter 9 not in any way that would matter to you . cherry ( nervous laugh ) what be you say , I 'ma . virgin ? hunter why not ? do you part on good term ? sander I come home early one day and find she fuck the ups guy . evidently I break she heart . lewyn you break up with she over that ? ( continued ) 4 15 27 . continued : ( 4 ) cherry I can not believe this . who say I be a virgin ? hunter this be you big shot , Sanders . sander I have just as soon sleep with garvin . lewyn well , you be a little late . Sanders at the window now , look down to the atrium ... sander 's Pov garvin tour conley , chase , furillo , 60 , the conley - White cfo , and other conley execs through the building , meredith all but pirouetting to they delight ... sander meanwhile , you want to know what he say about the spinoff ? he say the spinoff be she idea . lewyn q® 9 ( beat ) 9 so when do we get to neeg , eo / cur to : int . later . executive lunchroom the digicom and conley - White executive sit at round table as white - coat waiter serve lunch . garvin address the group from a small podium in the corner . garvin it 's always a pleasure to come up to Seattle and spend time with the Advanced product Group . I feel a special warmth for the people here ... stephanie kaplan , early 5as , the stealth bomber , like a librarian , read glass on a cord , slip into the seat beside Sanders . she be the cfo of digicom . stephanie be this seat take ? ( continued ) continued : she give 28 . sander how be you , stephanic ? stephanie I be sorry about you promotion . sander how long have you know ? he a sphinxlike smile . say nothing . sander really . that long . back on --garvin as he wind up he introduction ... garvin «.- whenever I have want to promote a woman , to break the glass ceiling , it 's always be the same story . '' but Bob . '' '' but Bob . '' always something . I have think about it often , since my daughter 's death -- that in today 's climate , have she live , it would q be extremely rare that she would : gS ever get to run a company . so i ad have a special meaning for I when * I tell you that I have finally do it . this Friday , when we announce the merger , we will aiso announce that the new vice President for Advanced Operations and Planning here in Seattle will be meredith Johnson . meredith ? meredith enter dramatically from a nearby doorway . lewyn and as they j cherry aw drop ... back on -- podium garvin sit 's down . meredith take he place at the podium . meredith thank you , bob. could I have the light , please ? ( continued ) 29 . continued : ( 2 ) the light dim . a screen descend . a computer- animated graphic display project on the screen . a pump red heart in four piece , each represent a division ... the four piece pull apart , then coalesce into a spin globe ... meredith the Advanced product Group have be the heart of digicom and its impressive expansion over the last ten year ... back on~-sanders as he whisper aside to Stephanie . sander you seem to be spend more time up here . stephanie my son 's a freshman at the university . this way I get to see more of he . sander I would have guess it be the merger . it seem like this merger be everything to garvin . go stephanie go ? give a man a hundred million , dollar and you create a aa frustrated billionaire . back on--meredith - as she continue she talk , the computer - generate image spin madly behind she ... meredith ( really fast ) without go all technical on you , the new compression algorithm should shift the industry standard to full - re digitize video at sixty field per second , with plat form - independent risc processor support by 32 - bit color active - matrix display and portable hard copy at 1200 dpi . ( more ) ( continued ) 5 continued : 30 . ( 3 ) meredith ( cont would ) combine that with a autonomous virtual database and [ think we can agree we be look ata very exciting future . back on --table Stephanie back on --meredith : q® lean into Sanders ... stephanie conley be a conservative company -- sell textbooks to school board in Texas and Ohio and Tennessee ... be meredith conservative ? sander I do not know . stephanie I think you know she . sander be there anything you do not know , Stephanie ? 52 as she wind up she talk ... meredith what we be sell be freedom . that be we commodity . we offer through technology what religion and revolution have promise but never deliver -- freedom from the physical body . freedom from race and gender , from nationality and personality , from place and time . communicate by cellular phone , handheld computer or pda and build - in fax modem , we can relate to each other as pure consciousness -- not person to person but idea to idea . that person you meet out in cyberspace could be a man , or a woman , or a woman pretend to be a man . Black or white , crippled but graceful , old or a old soul , young or young at heart . ( more ) ( continued ) 16 continued : 31 . ( 4 ) meredith ( cont would ) . on the other end of the globe but inside you mind . ( beat ) get ready to leave you old self behind . CUT to : int . later . executive lunchroom a mingle after lunch . Stephanie and Sanders watch as meredith say hello in succession to cherry , to Hunter , to lewyn ... stephanie she 's smart , touch base with all the division head . especially since she do not name they in she speech . sander you think that mean something ? stephanie only if she pl t ki 8 opatgte . e@ plan to make go sander go® phil say she be not plan 9 any . that Stephanie smile . she drift off as meredith approach . meredith what be the stealth bomber bend you ear about the whole lunch ? sander Stephanie ? nothing . small talk . meredith what be you say , all of a sudden there 's Stephanie lite ? sander it be all about she son at the university . meredith I be sorry I do not get a chance to mention you , Sanders . Bob ask I to keep it short . ( continued ) '' 5 continued : she move overhear 32 . sander no , no . forget it . meredith look , I be jamme all day . Way do not you come up for a drink , say around seven ? we can do a little business and catch up . sander great . meredith I remember how you like good wine . i’1ll get a nice bottle . along to talk to the conley people . lewyn , who have this exchange , sidle up , look over at meredith . lewyn she fuck the ups guy so you marry Susan ? sander would you call I on the phone so I can hang up on you ? lewyn o® why 's she want to see you at ge seven ? 9 sander 9 probably '' diana . '' we all have to be in syne when the conley people start ask question . lewyn be you tell I this woman do not give you a boner ? she give I a boner . ( to cherry ) do not she give you a boner ? sander I will call you tonight , tell you what the company line be . lewyn you have a sexual urge every twenty minute -- that 's a physiological fact . it 's hard - wire into the limbic brain . why fight it ? live ! ( more ) ( continued ) may 17 33. continued : ( 2 ) lewyn ( cont would ) in ten more year , you could not get a hard - on with a splint . Sanders look across the room at meredith as she laugh , smile , move , gesture ... in a incredibly attractive way . CUT to : int . later . sanders’s office the end of the day . Sanders talk on the phone . sander ... where be you all day ?... well , I do not get it . he go cutside the division , somebody from '' special project '' ... I guess that mean I have be work on ordinary project all this year ... hey , do you get that disneyland ticket ? it 's just ~- Susan , I promise the guy ... okay . do not wait dinner for I . I might run late ... I love you too . he hang up . absently , Sanders click he e-mail icon . go on the computer . 902 '' number of message : five . do you g® want to read then now ? various condolence message appear on the screen . '' sorry you didn not get the job , '' etc . then : be you cock hard now ? Sanders 's click the reply button on the screen . can't reply --sender address not available . Sanders sit up , nervous . he type in '' system . '' what level ? he type '' sysop . '' sorry , you privilege do not include sysop control at this level . ( continued ) 18 19 34 . continued : he type more ... sorry , sender address not available . Sanders brood . then shrug . probably a prank . CUT to : int . later . menus room Sanders fluff he hair in the mirror . straighten he tie . button he jacket over the stain on he tie ... CUT to : int . evening . meredith office as Sanders arrive with he file folder , meredith be on the phone . she work at a temporary desk . a roll - up carpet . carton of file and book . loose wire for telephone and computer . she wave he in . meredith -.. be there any asset sale triggers which would force redemption ? in the indenture . 0 ( gesture to wine ) g® Sanders -- do I a favor - - a ( resume ) os uh huh uh huh . look , Alex , Brown 9 will go two - fifty on this , easy . I be think we take the cash -- right . just do the thing as a top down recap . that 's a good idea fora girl , huh ? ( laugh ) let 's talk first thing . ' bye . sander ( off wine ) the ' 91 pahlmeyer . how do you know ? I have be try to track it down . meredith you be special , Sanders . you deserve a little special attention . Sanders uncork the wine . meredith sit on the roll - up carpet . a carton in front of it , like a coffee table . she gesture for Sanders to sit next to she . ( continued ) 9 continued : 35 . sander I bring up some material . we have to go over '' diana . '' meredith let I see you picture . sander the diagram ? meredith you family . do not you have picture ? Sanders take out he wallet . take out he family photo . lay they out on the carton ... sander that 's Matthew . that 's Susan with the kid at Halloween . meredith she look like she always have food in the refrigerator . sander you know , she never really lose the weight from the first baby , and then -- . 30 °° meredith go I do not say she look like a refrigerator . I mean she make a home for you . in my fridge back home I have two bottle of champagne and a orange . sander be not eliza pretty ? meredith she look like Susan . ( beat ) you know , that 's why I can trust you . you have much more to lose than I do . . Sanders look at she . she look at he . sander well , anyway , I want to get you up to speed on '' diana " -- ( continued ) ? continued : ( 2 ) meredith ( with a cigarette ) could you grab my lighter ? Sanders get up . find she cigarette lighter on the desk ... meredith you always have a nice ass , Sanders . Nice and hard . sander meredith ... meredith ( laugh ) like algebra . sander hey , meredith ... meredith you can tell I I have a nice ass . it 's just like tell I I have a nice stairmaster . which be how I get it . go sander ge ? maybe we should just talk about 9 '' diana . '' 9 meredith what , you be a prude now ? remember the thing you use to say to I ? Sanders hand she the lighter . organize he folder ... sander that be a long time ago . meredith you do not say that thing to Susan ? sander it 's different . meredith oh , God , do not tell I . holding hand and '' spoon . '' Sanders , Sanders , Sanders ... ( continued ) continued : 37 . ( 3 ) sander you be my boss now . I work for you . meredith okay , then . get to work . sander there 's real problem on the line in kl with '' diana '' . meredith rub my shoulder and I will listen to '' diana . '' he rub she shoulder ... sander the specs on the seek time call for a hundred millisecond -- that 's what we have on the prototype . but the drive come off the line -- meredith : so do you have the drive here ? 9 8 sander q® either it 's the chip , or the a bug in the driver software -- meredith ; Sanders , just answer my question . sander I be try to . do you understand the controller chip be what position the split optic ? let I show you the schematic -- sahder move to get the diagram ... meredith rub . Sanders go back to rub she shoulder ... sander you can not really understand the depth of the problem unless -- meredith do you_have the drive ? ( continued ) 9 38 . continued : ( 4 ) sander Arthur send five unit dhl , they be suppose to come at the end of the day but -- meredith then no . sander they should be here tomorrow morning at the latest . the problem be -- meredith it 's bullshit . it 's bullshit if you do not have the unit . why be you fight I ? sander if it 's the chip , it could be a ear . and with '' diana '' be so important to the merger I just -- a knock at the door , and mrs . ross , late 40s , red wig , % meredith 's alcoholic secretary , stick she head in . oe meredith a® do I say no call ? : . qv -> c mrs . ross it 's Mr. garvin . meredith okay , but after that , nobody . mrs . ross okay if I call it a day ? I will forward you call to voice mail . meredith Fine , Mrs. Ross . Mrs. Ross exit . as she leave , she lock the door Sanders notice this , puzzle . meredith go to she ' desk . sander meredith , I just think - ~ ( continued ) a continued : 39 . ( 5 ) meredith you have rather talk about a million different thing than answer my question . because the answer be you do not know . you do not know what the problem be , so you do not know if there even really be a problem . but you can not say it . you can not say i_ do not know , because in you mind , that mean tilose . I ’mworthless . I ’ma faggot . Men . what be you plan to tell the people from conley ? sander well , I can not lie to they . meredith do it ever occur to you to talk about the prototype ? the prototype work . focus on the positive . that 's just basic salesmanship . sander the line 's up . it 's not about the prototype . meredith goo they do not want a lot of mumbo - 909 jumbo . they just want to knowy '' that you be confident you can build the thing . sander I realize that , but -- meredith do you have a problem work for I , Sanders ? sander no , I - -. no . meredith ( to phone ) hi , Bob ... you do not want to hear about my hard day , you still have dinner with the conley people . now that 's work ... hold on , let I get my dox together . ( continued ) 40 . a' continued : ( 6 ) meredith put garvin on hold . talk to Sanders while she find she document , a legal pad and pencil .. sander meredith -- meredith ( to Sanders ) let I tell you something . this merger be not about '' diana '' . it 's about people . they nre comfortable with I and Bob . we be comfortable with they . period . if they ask you you tell they what you know . and what you know be you do not know . sander Fine . meredith ( to phone ) hi , Bob , I be -here ... yeah , I have a idea about that ... go ahead . Sanders , feel rattle , get up . walk over to the window . fumble with he cellular phone , punch in a name code . sander . ( to phone ) 90 lewyn , it 's Sanders . I have 98 discuss '' diana '' with meredith qo she say do not say anything tay the conley people about the problem till we know for a fact what the problem be . that 's the position for the eight a.m. tomorrow . if there 's any significant change -- suddenly , meredith 's hand be on he , push the phone away ... place a kiss where the phone be ... with she free hand , _she unbutton she blouse ... sander meredith , hey . hold on . meredith be you say you be not turn on by I anymore ? sander it 's not that , it 's -- {continued ) 41 . continued : ( 7 ) meredith you know why you come up she . she kiss he neck . his phone drop onto the windowsill ... sander c'mon , meredith . hey . meredith would not you like it -- to just lie back and get fuck ? not have to do all that work -- put in twelve hour here and then worry about she orgasm ? I could have anyone and I pick you . now you have the power . you have something I want . do not that feel good ? just let I . ; sander meredith , no . stop. she slide down he body ... meredith go do not worry , I be not yoing to 9 bite . of qe sander 9 oh , god. meredith , s‘.op . the sound of he belt unbuckle , he zipper unzipping ... meredith shhh . you just lie buck and let I be the boss . let I do whatever I want . sander oh , god. meredith . ieredith . he lie back , he thought race as she unbutton he shirt ... anger well up in he at : be push around ... he grab her by the hair , lift she off ... meredith not he grab she by she blouse , tear it as he lift she , shove she down hard ... ( continued ) 42. continued : ( 8 ) sander who the fuck do : you think you be ? hah ? you want t.o be fuck ? meredith just stay hard . stay -- he pull she skirt up . he tear away she panty ... his finger inside she ... kneel to pull he short down , and look at she . see himself , reflect in the window . . the family picture Susan and the kid , smile up et he . sander oh , Christ , look at we . meredi 'th you can not stop now . Sanders pull up he pants , zip they . sander go nothing 's happen . l let 's ' g0 93 ° now before -- meredith you can not ust stop . sander it 's not right . meredith you put you dick in my mouth and then you get a attack of morality ? he cover up as she hit he . he grab she by the wrist . she rip a hand free , scratch he across he chest . he shove she ... she sprawl down against the carton and a wine glass break . he gather he folder , he picture ... find he cellular phone on the windowsill ] ... sander it do not happen . she start to laugh ... reaches tc light up a cigarette ... meredith . you never use to be this way . ( continued ) 9 20 21 43. continued : ( 9 ) sander I have a family . ; meredith a family make you stujid ? sander leave I alone , meredith . go home to you two bott ..e of champagne . maybe thev will fuck you . meredith you come back and fin2sh what you start . he exit the office . she climb : : up , rush after he . meredith do you hear I ? you come back here and finish or you be dead ! you be fuck dead ! meredith exit she office . loos for Sanders . but see instead ... the. cleaning woman , who look away . meredith gather she blouse . returns inside and close the door . oan CUT to : '' yoo '' ext . night . ferry Sanders climb aboard , confuse by what just happen . it 's late , and nearly desert . he see price , alone -- like the ghost on a ghost ship . then he duck behind a corner . punch a number into he phone . but nothing come up . it 's dead . sander Dead . that 's just pe :fect . CUT to : int . later . sander 's home Susan work in bed , she file and legal pad scattered over the cover , a cup of tea on the nightstand . Sanders enter . susan I do not hear you come in . sander hiya , honey . TI gonna go take a shower . ( continued ) 44 . continued : susan no kiss ? sander I -- I feel shitty . I ’in just -- susan screw they . they do not deserve you . sander could you go downstairs and grab I a beer ? I be gonna take a quick shower . I x11 be right out . Susan take she cup to go to th2 kitchen . Sanders move in the bathroom Sanders pull off he tie , he shirt . look at the welt scratch on he chest . smell the shirt . dig into the laundry hamper , put the shirt at the bottom ... step into the shower a box with glass wall . just as Susan enter with he beer . he try to keep he back to she - - to hide the scratch ... os sander 0 qo do I a favor , would ’ja ? the qo battery in my phone die . gt Susan find Sanders 's cellular phone on the bathroom counter . take the battery out and put it in the charger . susan I think this be suppose to last all day . sander probably another thing I will get blame for . Susan look suspiciously at the battery before she put it in the charge . susan who 's meredith Johnson ? sander ( can not hear ) what ? ( continued ) 1 continued : ( 2 ) susan meredith Johnson . sh ? call just before you get home . sander meredith call ? susan like ten minute ago . she say the eight a.m. get push back to eight - thirty . who be she ? Susan get suspicious ... she circle the glass box ... Sanders turn to hide he scratch ... sander she 's the one . the new veepee . susan she 's the one ? sander they bring she up from the Valley . susan how old be she ? ; q8 sander 00 % I do not know . thirty - three , susan Jesus . that 's young for that job . have you ever hear of she ? sander she 's a face guy . she make the merger happen and now she 's garvin 's fair- haire whatever . . susan but I do not understand -- where do she come from ? sander could you get I my robe ? Susan exit to the walk - in closi : t... Sanders look over he shoulder to watch she as she exit ... Pov the scratch across he chest ... ( continued ) 46 . 21 continued : ( 3 ) susan do she have any technical background ? sander no . it 's this merger . it 's change everything . Susan return with a robe ... toss it so it fold over the top of the door . Sanders pull it on , fold the collar high across ahis chest ... go into the walk -in closet ... susan if you ask I you shculd just quit . sander be you listen tc I this morning ? susan . ' I do not care about the stock option . sander I might be out of a job , Susan . do you know what it 's like out there ? susan so what ? I will go back to work oo full -time . 90 ) sander 9 I be fully capable of support this family . susan I be just try to help , Tom . I hate it when people do this to you . you be too nice sometimes . Sanders reappear in a T-shirt and boxer short . sander I do not . need you to fight my battle for I , Susan , thank you very much . he exit . she follow he into the bedroom . ( continued ) 47 . i continued : ( 4 ) on the television '' the apartment '' -- a scene between Fred macmurray , as sheldrake , and shirley maclaine , as Fran . fran and just think - ~right now there 's some lucky girl in the : building who 's go to come after I -- sheldrake okay , okay , Fran . I ' leserve that . but just ask yourself -- why do a man run around with a lot of girl ? because he 's unhappy at home -- because he’ : lonely , that 's why ... back on~-sanders as he climb into bed . susan why be you wear a T-shirt ? you never wear a T-shirt to bed . sander I do not know . I ’ma little chilly . she snuggle up to he . susan g® S what be you go to do ? is ) 99° sander grin and bear it . Story of my life . ( beat ) and hope it do not get worse . CUT to : 22 . int . morning . digicom Sanders walk onto the elevator . garvin be there . garvin good morning . sander Morning , Bob . ( continued ) 48. 52 continued : the door close . they be alone in the elevator ... garvin that 's a nice suit . sander thanks . garvin Nice fabric . can I feel it ? sander sure . garvin what be that , like a tropical wool ? sander with a little viscose . garvin yeah ? sander that 's how you get that nice drape to the trousers . garvin run he hand along Sanders 's shoulder , and down he arm . squeeze he bicep . garvin 9 you work out , Tom ? gor ? sander you know , when I can . thing have be pretty busy lately . Sanders , nervous , press the button again . but the elevator just keep go ... garvin caress Sanders 's hair ... garvin I have always like you , Tom . sander hey , Bob -- garvin now you have the power . now you have something IL want . sander Bob , c’mon . ( continued ) 23 24 49 . continued : ( 2 ) garvin lean over to kiss he ... sander 's Pov garvin 's mouth move towards he ... his tongue ... CUT to : int . night . bedroom ' Sanders jump off he pillow , startles awake . sander aaaugh ! CUT to : white title on black -- tuesday CUT to : int . morning . digicom aad qd Sanders emerge from the elevator . turr ' a corner ... see the conference room . through the window , he can see that no onex there . he check he watch . into the conference room a cutaway of the '' diana '' drive and a schematic of the assembly line on one wall . legal pad with note already scribble . Sanders hustle outside . corral a secretary . ___ sander where be everybody ? secretary they leave fifteen minute ago . Don cherry 's demo- the corridor for the conley people . sander _ I think the meeting get push back to eight - thirty . secretary seven-thirty . it do not get push back , it get push up . ( more ) ( continued ) 25 50 . continued : secretary ( cont would ) nobody tell you ? CUT to : int . later . virtual information environment ( vie ) conley and chase laugh up on wacker pad , compose of tightly - pack rubber ball --~ like a multi-directional treadmill . wire iead from they headset and glove to the system . a monitor replicate what they see inside they headsets . meredith , garvin , lewyn and Hunter smile as cherry lead the demonstration . his overworked programmers look on proudly . furillo and the other conley execs look on amaze . cherry «-- the computer take the information come from the database and construct a virtual environment which be . project inside the headset . when the user : walk on the pad , you feel like you be walk down a corridor line with drawer . the user can stop anywher2 , open any file drawer with he hand , and thumb through data . ' the laser scanner be for body . epresentation . if you be walk down the corridor with q& somebody else , you can turn and 9 '' look at . they and you will see heyy g0 conley 9 . amazing ! cherry if somebody log on with a regular computer , you will see a model of they -- with a photo pull up out of the file . cherry log onto a computer . while sonley see a detailed representation of chase , he only see a black and white photo of cherry , atop a kind of mannequin . then ... sander enter there 's no convenient way for he to cross the room and join everyone else . he stand awkwardly by the door . lewyn and meredith turn to give he look -- where be you ? ( continued ) - '' 5 y sl. continued : cherry ( resume ) we have also build in virtual help . user always need online help . so we have make a angel to help you . conley angel , how do I open uhis drawer ? conley listen , reach forward in the air with he hand . furillo what 's the angel say ? cherry that 's between he ani he angel . he hear it through the headphone . ( resume ) we do not see the corridor as a product in the marketplace . it 's 9 just something we work up to 9° demonstrate the poten : : ial of the ys virtual reality technology . qo '' conley close he finger , as if grip something , and pull back -- like someone open a file drawer ... on the monitor a virtual file drawer slid out from the wall of the corridor . Inside the drawer be neatly - arsange file . back on--conley as he finger one of the file label . the file pop out of the drawer and open , apparently hang in midair . cherry we have to break the metaphor sometimes . because user only have one hand . and you can not open a regular file with one hand . conley move he hand through the air -- turn page - .. on the monitor we see what conley be look a:-- a series of spreadsheet . garvin hold on -- what be that ? ( continued ) 26 52 . continued : ( 2 ) conley I believe it 's all of you financial record , bot . garvin turn that damn thing cff . gale of laughter from the conley people . cherry in the final system , we will have safeguard build in tc control access . garvin turn , see Sanders for the first time . garvin Tom ! so glad you could join we . CUT to : int . later . hallway 3 ) garvin and meredith lead the conley people back to are ad conference room . lewyn and Sanders trail with gee er .. lewyn +++ you be suppose to call I after you meeting with meredith , remember ? sander I call you from she office . I leave a message on you machine . lewyn there be not anything on my machine . and then you be late again ... thank God meredith take over the discussion . lewyn blow past Sanders up the hall ... at the conference room garvin lead the conley people inside . meredith lag behind at the door so she can take Sanders aside as he arrive . meredith do not you get my message ? ( continued ) 53. 26 continued : sander you tell Susan the mont be move to eight - thirty . meredith I say seven-thirty . the conley people have to be back in New York for a dinner tonight . garvin beckon from inside . garvin meredith ? they file into the conference room . take they place . sander follow she inside . he look acound -- all the chair be take . a secretary drag in a armchati . secretary here you go , Mr. Sanders . fall 69 house today , huh ? a a % ny sander thanks . Sanders sit . 's the armchair be way too short for the table . conley meredith 's be get we up to speed on '' diana '' . now that you be here , we have lik2 you read on it . '' diana '' be you baby , right ? sander well , the prototype ceally rip . they be twice as fast as the drive come out of Japan . conley prototype ? I think you be in production . Sanders look at meredith . she stare right back at he ... sander we be still in the early stage . conley I think you be in production for two month . ( continued ) 3 continued : 34 . ( 2 ) sander eight week . conley if some of you product cycle be as short as nine tonth , would not two month be pretty far along ? sander nine would be the shortest . conley be there a problem - -? ( to garvin ) this be not a inquisit.ien , Bob . this be like pull tooth . garvin John just want to gel . a handle on the problem with the line . 4 sander I do not know , be the honest answer . ooo ; ad conley do not you just say " biana '' wae ) you baby ? Sanders look again to meredith ... she stare right back at he again ... be that a smile on she lip ? sander there 's always some glitches at this stage in the gam . conley meredith tell we there 's real problem . that you might have to go back to the drawiny board . sander I hope I have not convey the wrong impression to meredith . I be confident we can manufacture the drive . conley how many of the drive come off the line meet specs ? ( continued ) 6 continued : 55 . ( 3 ) sander I do not have that fijure with I . chase meredith tell we the line 's run at twenty - nin2 per cent . be that approximately right ? sander yes . conley ( read ) the seek time be run forty to sixty millisecond off specs ... there 's a pow2r flicker in the screen ... ( look up ) right ? sander yes . . conley ; but you be confident . . 900 ° sander : and yes. oe conley I wish I have you confidence . I might even beat chase at tennis . appreciative laughter around the table .. , meredith I may be a bit at fault here . when I speak with Tom , he tell I the problem with '' diana '' be serious . sander they be serious . and they be not serious . conley oh. meredith I do not want to be cover anything up here . ( continued ) 6 continued : 56 . ( 4 ) sander I be not cover anything up . meredith not at all . we be just look for a translation into layman 's term of just where with : be . chase give we worst case . sander worst case , we go back to the draw board . maybe it put we back nine month . conley nine month ? meredith say six week . sander I think six week be a more likely estimate , but -- conley what if in nine month Sony have 99 a eighty millisecond drive ? roo '' diana '' technology be a major factor in this merger . 90 garvin I do not know where the hell he get nine month : from . conley just so I be clear - - you do not know what the problem be ? sander look , nobody like to go back to the board , but sometimes there 's a advantage . conley wait a minute . you be the head of manufacturing , '' diana '' be you baby , there 's problem with it that could take nine month to fix , which I assume mean at least a year , and the bottom line be u_don 's now ? meredith raise she eyebrow , look down at she papers . ( continued ) 27 continued : 57 . ( 5 ) and smile to herself . CuT to : int . later . sander 's office Sanders , fume , blow past a worried - look Cindy . he enter blackburn blackburn sander goddamit . goddammit . she set I up . he office . blackburn wait for he there . blackburn Tom . sander good . you be just who I want to see . it be not go to work out with meredith . blackburn evidently not . sander do you know what she just do ? 9 in front of garvin and conley and ad everyone ? go ? blackburn go Tom , why do not you sit down ? on the couch ? sander what ? what 's go on ? gesture . Sanders comply , sit on the couch . close Sanders 's door . turn to he . blackburn meredith tell I about you meeting last night . Sanders take a beat . sander what ? what do she tell you ? ( continued ) 7 continued : blackburn 58. blackburn she want to handle the intervention internally , which be best for everyone . she still care about you - ~ we 4ll do . sander wait a minute - - what do she say ? blackburn not to put too fine a point on it , she say you sexually harass she . sander I sexually harass she ? blackburn well , what would you call it ? sander phil , she jump I in she office . smile , shake he head . blackburn . o0 '' you have a problem , Tom . you nre , , £ °° in denial . that 's typical . oo sander she do everything but rape I . blackburn I do not mean to be judgemental in any way , but -- do not you think that 's a little implausible ? look , maybe you lose control . that 's natural -- I mean , look at she . but we just can not have this kind of thing go on anymore . this be not 1950 . sander wait a minute - - do not you want to know my side of the story ? Sanders loosen he tie . unbutton he shirt . blackburn you need help , Tom . you have to take responsibility ... ( continued ) { 7 continued : 59 . ( 2 ) sander ( with scratch ) there -- what 's that ? blackburn it look to I like she be force to defend herself . I be surprised she be not injure more seriously . sander oh , bullshit . she 's a hour on the stairmaster every morning , she could probably beat the shit eut of both of we . blackburn what I be say be , let 's keep this quiet . you wife do not have to know . you kid ... sander I do not harass she . she harass I . blackburn it may have seem that way at : the time , but -- 9 sander qo that 's the truth . De not you care - 39 about the truth ? of nu ) blackburn I come down here as you friend . sander friend my ass . listen to I -~ blackburn no , you listen to I . when garvin find out about this he will want to throw you out on you ass and never look back . I be offer you a second chance . a chance to make a new life , keep you family out of this mess , keep you job --obviously , with some kind of lateral move ... sander lateral ? what do you mean , lateral ? you mean out of the division ? ( continued ) 60 . 7 continued : ( 3 ) blackburn well , you can not stay here , Tom . she 's scared out of hur wit . sander I be not leave this clivision . I put in ten year of my life here -- I build this place . and now with the spinoff about to -- blackburn we be think , you know , Austin . sander Austin ? CUT to : 28 int . later . digicom garvin and blackburn talk on th phone . blackburn ++. he say she harass he . garvin what ? he deny it ? blackburn you know how it be with this ki thing ~ - the man always deny it . 9 garvin go ? 0 be he crazy ? blackburn I offer he a lateral move to Austin . garvin that 's like a duck make a lateral move to l’orange . he 's too smart for that . blackburn we just have to hope he 's smart enough to see he do not have any option . garvin you better take care of this , phil . do you understand ? ( more ) ( continued ) 28 29 61 . continued : garvin ( cort would ) because this be a qoc.dain tionb we be sit on that cin blow everything sky-high . CUT to : int . later . office Sanders at he desk , stare into space . notice he e-mail icon blink . curious , he click on it . on the computer the Seattle Post - inte lligencer . March 8 , 1994 . page 3. afriend sander puzzle , as he hit the sender info button ... on the computer a giant block of text appear ... from uus.psi .com !uwa.pcm.com.edu ! charon tue jun 16 04:43:31 remote from dccsy received : from uups15 - aq by dccsys.dcc .com id aa02599 tue , qo 16 jun 4:42:19 PST received : from | ~ q uwa.pcm.com.edu by uus . psi .com vyg * ( 5.65b/4.0.071791-ps1 / psinet . ..c ) Sanders scowl . clear he screen . type to go on - line with the Seattle post-intelligencer ... on the screen as he type ... the front page of the March & paper come up . Sanders scroll to page 3 : million -dollar sexual harassment verdict raise question for local companie beneath this , a block of text and a photo of louise fernandez , with the caption : ( continued ) 30 31 62. continued : plaintiff£ 's lawyer louise fernandez , after she ' victory : '' Zero tolerance be th only policy for this behavior . '' CUT to : int . later . office build a ' 20 - vintage skyscraper . Sanders ride in a elevator with a attendant . through the glass door of the elevator , he watch the floor whip by , punctuate by stretch of black . attendant fourteenth floor . Sanders step out . on the wall , fernandez , shapiro & hoag in brass letter . CUT to : . ' 400 % int . day . fernandez , shapiro & hoag ago louise fernandez , late 30 , a gunslinger in a donna karan suit . her wall be full of frame newspaper clipping and tennis trophies . she coolly appraise Sanders from she desk . chance geer , late 20 , a handsome black associate , question Sanders from the couch . geer | there be no witnesscs ? sander no . her assistant leave for the night . there be a clean woman outside the office . I do not know how much she hear . fernandez make a note with a fat mont blanc pen . geer do you report this to anyone ? sander this morning . geer and what be the company 's response ? ( continued ) 1 continued : 63. sander they believe she . th2y suggest that I transfer to Austin . fernandez I hear they be sell Austin . geer do you call anyone after the incident ? sander no . geer do you teli you wife ? sander no. '' fernandez hoo boy . geer why. not ? sander I think it would upset she . I : feel guilty for put myself in q9 that situation . 99 o& geer q C how would you characterize Ms. Johnson physically ? sander she 's very attractive . she be miss teenage Connecticut or something . geer ( off note ) so you be kissing ? sander then she start , uh , well , rub I . fernandez rubbing you where ? sander you know ... ( continued ) 1 continued : 64 . ( 2 ) fernandez you penis ? sander yes . fernandez and ? sander I be not comfortable talk about this . fernandez because I be a woman ? sander because it seem like a game to you . fernandez Mr. Sanders , why be you here ? sander I want to know what my cption be . . : fernandez what you option be ? goo sander yo I just want to know if I can sed ) she for sexual harassment . geer you be ask a jury to believe you be in a room alone with miss teenage Connecticut and you say no . fernandez sexual harassment be not about sex . it 's about power . she have it . you do not . if you sue they will fire you . if you do not they will bury you in Austin . if you sue it 's news . if you do not it 's gossip . if you sue , nobody 's 1ll believe you . if you do not , you wife will not . do I mention a lawsuit will cost you a hundred thousand dollar and three year of you life ? ( more ) ( continued ) 32 33 65 . continued : ( 3 ) fernandez ( cont would ) ( beat ) it 's not a game to you , Mr. Sanders ? it 's a game to they . how do you feel about lose ? CUT to : int . later . fourteenth floor Sanders pace -- see he reflectiou in the glass of the elevator . suddenly , he get az idea . returns to the reception area . where he find fernandez . sander they say she be not yoing to press charge . fernandez what ? sander why ? it do not make any sense . 90 she already accuse m 2 . why sto 999 there ? why not press snare fernandez to keep it quiet . sander but why ? I be popular in the company . it would be much better to make it official . unless -- fernandez unless what ? sander unless she have some other problem . meredith diri not press charge because she could not . fernandez think . realize that : sandecs be onto something . CUT to : int . later . fernandez office Sanders , fernandez and geer meet again in she office . ( continued ) '' 3 34 continued : fernandez 66 . sander digicom be plan a merger with conley - White - - they’re a East Coast publishing company , very conservative . they think digicom be basically the same way . it 's all suppose to happen Friday . if there be a scandal like this ... conley think they be go to bed with Katie couric and they have wake up with madonna . and Bob garvin would be out a hundred million dollac . fernandez ( to geer ) I think we might make a plaintiff out of this guy yet . sander not a plaintiff . a potential plaintiff . I do not have to sue . I just threaten to sue . fernandez that 's a dangerous gaine . you be sure you be willing to play it ? q sander oo fuck they . qo ss smile at he . & fernandez now you be talk my language . CUT to : int . later . garvin 's office blackburn meet with garvin , Stephanie Kaplan , and meredith . garvin --- call security , throw he out on the sidewalk . blackburn we have to appear to be impartial . keep he in he job , keep pay he , no hassle . ( continued ) 34 continued : 67 . garvin I make Tom Sanders . who the hell be he to sue I ? blackburn sexual harassment under title Seven . he say he will file with the state human rights Commission tomorrow morning if we do not fire meredith and give he he job back . meredith no free trip to disneyland ? garvin if he file , it become public . it would blow the deal . meredith I realize that , Bob . obviously , so do he . he 's blackmail we . garvin this be America , goddamit . the legal system be suppose to protect people like I . blackburn go it get worse . his lawyer be Louise fernandez . qo garvin oe oh , great . meredith who 's that ? garvin she would change she name to t.v. listing just to get it in the paper . blackburn I be try to get they to mediate . keep it quiet . garvin mediate ? I want you to cut he ball off . ( continued ) '' 4 i 35 continued : 68. ( 2 ) stephanie ( drily ) do he say '' mediate '' or '' split the difference '' ? blackburn I be just hope he will agree . fernandez ali tell he not to . meredith he will agree . he do i’t want this out in the open any more than we do . blackburn we push he too hard . he have nothing to lose . meredith oh really ? he have not tell he wife yet . garvin who tell you that ? meredith 9 9 I know Sanders . remember ? : CUT tey sy no an int . later . digicom Sanders go into he office . grab a folder . come out . they walk cindy where be you ? sander I have a long lunch . walk with I . I gotta go down to diagnostics . lewyn and cherry be pull apart '' diana . '' and talk through the hall to the elevator ... cindy John levin call . sander John levin with sematech ? ( continued ) 35 36 continued : he enter 69 . cindy John levin . he say it be important . sander why the hell do not that drive come in this morning like they be suppose to ? cindy Susan call to remind you - ~- you have that benefit with the lewyn tonight . sander shit . see if we can not -- cindy she say do not even think about cancelling . you have cancel on they three time already . the elevator . sander goo call she , tell she I can not get home first , I all just meet she tg 09 the museum . qh the elevator door close ... CUT to : int . later . lab cherry and lewyn , each wear magnifying glass , work with probe and tiny screwdrivers under bright halogen light . Three '' diana '' drive , with a emboss logo of the huntress , lie in piece on the table . sender hover over they . sander . ..- Arthur be kill I . I have to have this '' diana '' thing lick by the big meeting with conley , and you guy do not get the drive till a hour ago . lewyn ( shaking he head ) Arthur . ( continued ) xm 16 continued : 70 . cherry ( shaking he head ) Arthur . lewyn the whole manufacturing department , actually . cherry they say a fish rot from the head . sander just lay off about this morning , okay ? I have enough oroblem . lewyn the metal rod that mike the contact with the clip . they be suppose to be fifty - four millimeter , they be fifty - two , fifty - three . sander that 's why we be get the power flicker ? lewyn : 9 what the hell 's Arthur do over qq there ? he 's spend all he a 92 time send everyone macadanid ) '' nut . cherry ( feel leave out ) he send you macadamia nut ? rc sander ( to cherry ) what 's slow she up ? cherry he be right , there 's a compatibility problem with the controller chip . that 's why we be get the slow seek time . sander you think there 's a bug ? cherry Don cherry debugge '' diana '' . there be no bug in '' diana '' . ( continued ) 36 37 71 . continued : ( 2 ) sander then what be this -- a fabrication problem ? lewyn give the drive a good baig with a wrench . cherry give lewyn a horrify look . lewyn what ? ; cherry that be a sophisticated piece of electronics , not a pickup truck . lewyn shrug . l lewyn 's assistan ? enter . beckon to he from the doorway . lewyn exit towarl the Assistant . sander Don , how bad be this ? we have already run off four ' : housand - - we have to junk they all 's cherry I tell Arthur to send I ten unit in heat - seal plastic bag . right off the line . it 's a hunch I have . sander go do whatever you have to do . Age up against it on this . qe at the door as lewyn approach he Assistant . lewyn what 's , up ? assistant Mr. garvin want to see you . he say not to Tel ] anyone . CUT to : int . later . sander 's office Sanders return to he office . cindy I have get a Louise fernandez on two . ( continued ) 72 . continued : sander great . hey , cind ? do I a favor . Close my door . on cindy as she close the door , troubled . Sanders never say '' close my door . '' back on --sanders as he sit at he desk , talk on the phone . sander if they want to mediate , I think we should agree . I do not want this whole thing to git out either . the e-mail icon on he computer blink . Sanders click it while he listen to fernandez . on the computer why don't you just admit you be gay ? Sanders press the '' reply '' button . on the computer go can ( 7 reely --sender address ner ho ? qv back on --sanders as he cradle the phone with he chin , type ... sander ( to phone ) no , that 's what I be say . I can wrap this whole thing up by the end of the week and even my wife do not have to know . ( listen ) no , I do not want to tell she . why should I upset she if I do not have to ? Sanders type ... on the computer sorry , you privilege do not include sysop control ( continued ) 77 38 73. continued : ( 2 ) as Sanders type ... show privilege the computer answer ... prior user level : 5 ( sysop ) current user level : 0 ( entry ) sander ( to_phone ) wait --hold on a sec -- suspicious , he open up he desk drawer -- they 're empty swivel in he chair , open a file drawer -- empty sander ( to phone ) guess what ? they lock I out of the system and clean out my file . I guess it 's start , 9d huh ? y cur 2 ae int . later . garvin 's office lewyn fidget outside , wait . then garvin appear at the door , a big smile on he face . garvin Marc , come on in ! you be sure I be not interrupt anything ? lewyn no , not at all , sir . he put he arm around lewyn as he usher he inside ... garvin ( to Secretary ) no call . he close the door ... cuT to : 74 . int . later . elevator the end of the day . Sanders wait for the elevator . the door open . Sanders take a step , ses meredith inside . meredith come on in , Sanders . do not tell I you be scared of m2 ? Sanders think a beat . then stup inside . the door close . meredith I do not want it to be : this way . sander ( sarcastic ) just think -- we could be screwing we brain out in this elevator . meredith I really do think of you as a friend , you know . sander wait a minute - - you be the one who press charge . meredith 9d only to beat you to the punch . '' 9 it 's the only card you have . ae know you would play it . as es sander I be not '' play a card . '' meredith oh , come on . you would have a great job . the merger would make you a millionaire . so we have a little fun . it 's not like it 's break rock . sander you just do not get it , do you ? meredith poor Sanders . you have no idea what you be up against , as usual . this time tomorrow you will wish you take that Austin job . sander we will see . they emerge from the elevator into the lobby ... ( continued ) a9 40 75 . continued : meredith Sanders ? sander what ? meredith I have a car outside . can I give you a lift ? sander : no , you can not give I a lift . meredith Sanders ? sander what ? meredith approach he ... seduc : ive in she walk , she voice ... meredith ( deadpan ) there 's a pubic hair on my Coke can . then she smile . he watch she as she walk off . 90 cur tha a int . later . museum a benefit for the museum . the party flow inside and out . Sanders , Susan , lewyn and adele lewyn , late 30 , ex-rock and roller in all black , carry plate with food , move from the buffet toward the patio ... angle on --lewyn . as he watch Sanders , stew ... 3 omething on he mind ... susan ( to Adele ) I be try to figure out whether to get a fat barbie for eliza . adele mattel make a fat barbie ? susan they do not call it fat barbie . they call it happy to be I barbie . ( continued ) 9 continued : 76 . adele do she come with happy to be Fucking the other barbie Ken ? susan I be serious . I do not know which one be more stigmatize . sander what the hell be stigwatize about barbie ? adele it 's that whole male 36 - 24 - 36 image of beauty . woman be oppress . it 's a fact of life . sander if woman be so oppreise , how come man commit eighty per cent of the suicide ? how come we have the heart attack ? adele you be not as tough . sander we fight the war . 9 9 oo8 adele '' you start the war . have co " sander where 's we crisis hot : line ? adele you be really take this meredith Johnson thing well , huh ? sander that have nothing to do with it . susan what 's today 's rumor - ~ she be once a man ? lewyn why do not you just tell she ? sander tell she what ? ( continued ) 4 continued : ' on susan as she retreat into some steely side of herselgqy 77 . ( 2 ) lewyn you know , there 's a ist of we who have work just as hird as you have , and you be gonna screw up this merger for all of we just because you fuck up . adele what happen ? sander I do not know who the hell get to you , but -- lewyn nobody '' get '' to I . adele Marc , what happen ? lewyn who the hell ever know what happen with this thing ? the old girlfriend , the bottle of wine , the late meeting ... oo sander qe shut up , marc. of ) lewyn you be like one of this goddam woman . '' I think we be go back to he hotel room drunk at two inthe morning to watch HBO . '' susan for you information , Marc , Tom tell I everything . everything that happen . and I support he one hundred per cent . lewyn well , I do not think -- susan I do not think we should talk about it . now could we please have dinner ? ( continued } 41 continued : ( 3 ) she say it in a way that brook : ; no discussion . guilty , can not look Susan in the eye . CUT to : int . later . subway Susan and Sanders on the undergxound trolley . susan ..- that be not we marriage , Tom . that be someone else 's marriage . hiding , and secret ... sander meredith Johnson say I sexually harass she . okay ? . susan do you ? sander hey , whose side be you on ? , susan I do not know , Tom - - you tell I . ( beat ) . I can not believe everyone know this but I . everyone do not know . 78. Sanders , sander go susan N you be so naive . of course end ) know . I feel like such a idiot . sander I be take care of it . susan she 's a old girlfriend of yours ? like I be surprised . ' that 's about as exclusive a club as the White page . sander we have a thing . back in fhe Valley . it be year ago . susan I can not believe you . Jesus . what do she look like ? ow ( continued ) be I continued : 79 . sander she 's attractive . susan God . what do the company say ? sander they be back she up . they want I to transfer to Austin and go into therapy or some fuck thing . susan Austin ? I be not move to Austin . sander you do not have to move to Austin . susan Texas ? they have never even see someone like I . except maybe on a silhouette at the rifle range . cut to : int . later . ferry Susan and Sanders , alone in a corner . sander avd .+. nothing happen . ao susan go well , obviously , something q happen . do you have sex with she , Tom ? sander no. susan think before you answer . because if you lie to I it be over between we . sander I say no . ( beat ) she kiss I . she unzip my pants and ... ( continued ) 42 continued : b80 . susan and ? : sander nothing happen . that be it . susan I be so old - fashioned . I greet my subordinate with a handshake . sander the next thing I know she 's say I harass she . susan she have she hand in you pants ? how do it get that far ? sander Susan --nnothing happen . susan you do not encourage this ? sander . what - ~ you do not believe meeze . go susan : sg it 's not a question of who 40 believe . even Marc do no s\ believe you . sander Marc have stock option on the brain . the symptom include sudden fit of backstabbing . susan especially you , with you reputation . everybody 's sure you be have a affair with Cindy . sander I be not have a affair . susan how could you let this happen ? sander I be sorry . ( continued ) 81. ' 2 . continued : ( 2 ) susan I be wonder when you would get around to that . CUT to : 43 int . later . taurus Sanders and Susan drive home from the ferry . susan .«-- when be she go to file ? sander Susan , I be press cnarge . susan what ? for what ? sander sexual harassment . we be go to mediation . tomorrow morning . susan be you out of you mind ? what of if the mediation go against 9 you ? 90 9 sander no then we fight it out . 7 susan they will try to destroy you . sander it 's not go to -- susan it ' will take over we whole life . deposition and whisper and legal fee and some public spectacle -~- sander Susan -- susan and for what ? some goddam personal vindication -- sander it 's not go to get that far . ( continued ) 82. '' 3 continued : susan -- and in the end all anyone remember be that you be involved in something sleazy . {beat ) ) do you have a lawyer ? . sander Louise fernandez susan oh , great . when do w2 all get to be on '' hard copy '' ? CUT to : 44 int . later . house Sanders and Susan enter the house , argue in strangle whisper . ' sander -.. I no like to see what you would say if this have happen to you . susan ao , do you know how many =ime this one have happen to I ? a we sander wait a minute - - you never say -- susan you be so goddam narcissistic . nothing happen until it happen to you . sander if somebody do this to you you should do something about it . susan I do what woman have always do , Tom . JI deal with it . I do not make a Federal case out of it . you go in tomorrow and work it out . sander you know what ? you be right . maybe I 'il just shut up and fuck she . what the hell . ( continued ) ja continued : chau -minh , 83. susan just apologize . apologize and get you job back and get on with it. __ sander apologize ? 30 , the vietnamese waimiy , enter . chau-minh shhh . Children be asleep . sander no , I have a even better idea . I / 1l admit it . I x11 just be that guy -- that evil white male you be all complain about . it sound like fun . I x11 fuck averybody . susan Tom , stop it . sander c'mon , chau -minh . I need to exercise some domination . susan : . you ”re scare her. ( usher chau - Minh ) 9 chau - Minh , just go home . so8 c sander 9 I need that patriarchal rush . susan Tom - -~ the child . sander my child . my child . who I provide for and protect . that they can come into my home , between I and my wife , move my family , take away my job and the place I build for mys2lf -- and I apologize ? call I a rapist and I apologize ? it 's like some kind of a joke . sexual harassment be about power . when the hell do I ever have any power ? Sanders slam out the door . Matt enter . Susan and chau -minh ( continued ) 45 46 47 bi. continued : ( 2 ) and Matt stand in the kitchen , silent , desolate . CUT to : int . night . bar Mrs. Ross drink in a booth . h32r wig be slightly askew . mrs . ross my boss ? she have one Monday night . a assignation . the meeting after hour , the chill chardonnay ... I leave early , and lock the door on the way out . reverse angle it 's chance geer , from fernandez 's office . geer what ever happen to romance ? ( gesture ) want another drink ? int . night . sander 's home % ' nx Sanders return . go into the kitchen to get a beer . cross through the live room to the de . stop . the e-mail light be blink . suspicious , he click on the e-mail icon ... on the computer trust nobody . afriend CUT to : white title on black -- wednesday cur to : int . day . mediation CENTER a cathedral without God , all glass , overlook the city . Sanders at a table with fernandez beside he . ( continued ) gs . '' 7 continued : meredith opposite with she lawyer , BEN heller , 5as , a hit man with a Yale tie . Susan and bla :kburn sit along the wall . judge barbara murphy , 5as , a intellectual with a dry wit , chair the meeting . a clerk take note . judge murphy good morning , I be judje Murphy . this be a mediation , not a court of law -- we proceediny will not be record , and they should remain confidential . I urge you to maintain a civil and courteous tone . we goal be to determine the nature of the dispute between the party , and how »est to resolve it . ( beat ) the party have agread that Mr. Sanders will speak first , and then be cross-examine by Mr. heller . Ms. Johnson wilh speak next , and will be cross-examined by Ms. fernandez . any question ? ( beat ) then let 's get startel . Mr. Sanders , why do not you tell I . '' what happen , from you point of 9 5 view . : q % 48 int . later . mediation room sander +.- I have my cellular phone with I . while she be talk to garvin , I call mare lewyn , we head of design , to give he the upshot of we meeting . fernandez that 's when she approach you . sander she push the phone away and begin to kiss I . fernandez where ? sander on the neck . the mouth . she have she tongue in my mouth . ( continued ) 86 . 8 continued : angle on --susan it 's hard for she to listen to this ... fernandez do she stop when you ask she ? sander no . she unzip my pants and she massage my penis . fernandez be you arouse ? sander yes . then she sly down and put my penis in she mouth . angle on~-susan as something break inside she ... fernandez do you climax ? , sander no . I get angry at that point . % I feel like I be be push - 9 around . : noe fernandez ae so what do you do ? sander I wrestle my way on top of she and take off she panty . fernandez you be go to have sex with she ? sander at that moment , yes . fernandez but you do not ? sander no. fernandez so when you stop thing , how do Ms. Johnson react ? ( continued ) 87 . 18 continued : ( 2 ) sander she get very angry . 3he punch I and scratch at m2 . fernandez hand photograph of the scratch on Sanders 's chest to judge Murphy , who look at they . fernandez - and what do you do ? sander I try to get she to stop -- to defend myself . finally I grab she by the wrist and throw she down on the ground . [ just want to get out of there . fernandez what do Ms. Johnson do at that point ? sander she threaten I . she tell I I be dead . that she would kill I in the company . the next day . Mr. blackburn tell I that she have accuse I of sexual harassment . awe t\* judge murphy ef Mr. heller ? no q heller Mr. Sanders , would you like a break ? sander no , I be fine . heller Mr. Sanders , you say the bottle of wine be Ms. Johnson 's idea ? sander yes . heller when you be live with Ms. Johnson , do not you discover wine together on trip to the Napa Valley ? sander yes . ( continued ) i 8 continued : 88. ( 3 ) __ heller romantic trip ? sander yes . heller but you be not expect anything romantic when you go up to she office ? sander no. heller how would you characterize you relationship with Ms. Johnson in that day -- highly sexual ? sander I be not sure I could rate it . heller ( read from note ) every day ? sometimes twice a day ? sex in public place . g® sodomy . viewing of pornography . 9 vibrator and other mechanical se device ... 9 angle on --susan 9 watch this behind Sanders ... it 's all so humiliate ... sander we also sit on the couch and watch television . heller but when you become reacquainted with Ms. Johnson you no longer see she that way -- as a sex abject . she be just you boss now . sander that 's right . heller | although you admit you have a erection . ( continued ) 18 : continued : 89 . ( 4 ) sander she have she top off . it 's a involuntary reflex . heller reflex ? do you think Ms. Johnson 's gynecologist get a erection when he examine she breast ? sander that 's completely different . heller you admit you put you erect penis in she mouth . sander she do that . heller oh , I forget . {off note ) you '' resist . '' ( resume ) Mr. Sanders , there be one moment in you rather fantastic testimony that ring true . you say , and I quote , ge ( read from note ) o& '' I get angry . I feel like iwas qw be push around . '' correct ? _ q * " sander yes . heller the truth be you feel that way all day , be not it ? you would be expect a promotion and she get it instead -- be not that true ? and you be angry about it . sander I feel I deserve the job . that do not mean -- heller and you take that anger up to she office with you . you be go to show she who 's boss . sander no . that 's not true . ( continued ) '' 8 continued : 90 . ( 5 ) heller Mr. Sanders , do you tell you wife you have a meeting with Ms. Johnson at seven o'clock ? sander I tell she I have a meeting and it might run late . heller you expect it to run late ? sander that 's what I always say . if I get home early it 's a pleasant surprise . heller so you make it a rule to lie to you wife ? sander no . that 's not it at all . heller when you call you wife , do ou tell she Ms. Johnson be a 9 ormer lover of yours ? sander 9 ns no. oe heller when you go home -- do you tell she what happen ? sander no . I be hope it would just go away . heller ( gesture to he ear ) I be sorry - o. you be hope you would get away with it ? judge murphy Mr. heller , you be advise not to debunk the illusion that this dispute might be resolve amicably . ( continued ) gL. 8 continued : ( 6 ) heller that 's okay . I have no further question . time CUT to : 49 int . later . mediation room , meredith tell she side of the story . meredith ... I ask to see the picture of he family . I think if we put thing on that basis he might realize that thing have change between we . judge MURPH ?{ Mr. Sanders , do you have that picture with you now ? I would like to have they xxerox for the file . Sanders produce he family photo . the clerk put they into a clear plastic evidence envelope . meredith . he make a remark about : how he wife have not lose the weight she 9 gain have child . I say g® he child be beautiful . he 99 say they make he fel old . that see I after all this gh year remind he of what it be to be young . that he still fantasize about I . heller go on . meredith my assistant , Mrs. Ross , come in and ask if she could go home . I want she to stay , because of the way Tom be behave , but I feel guilty -- I would be keep she late for week , prepare for my new job . heller and then you get a call from Bob garvin ? ( continued ) 9 continued : 92 . meredith yes . heller where be Mr. Sanders at this point ? meredith he begin to rub my shoulder . heller and you let he ? meredith I do not feel I have a choice . I figure I have finish up my phone call and then deal with Tom . heller so when you finish you phone call --? meredith that be when he begin to kiss I . I try to get up out of my chair and he grab I . I struggle with he and tell he to stop . heller do he stop ? meredith 3a ? no . he say , '' I know you want o it . '' that I have be come onct® he all day . give he look , I realize he be drunk . heller do he attack you physically ? meredith yes . he grab my wrist and throw I down . he 's ve. strong . he play football in college . he climb on top of I , with he knee on my arm , and grab I by the ear and ... heller slide photo of meredith 's bruise wrist over to judge Murphy . heller he put he penis in you mouth ? ( continued ) 9 continued : 93. ( 2 ) ; meredith this be make I very uncomfortable . heller would you like some water ? meredith thank you . ( sip water ) he put he penis in my mouth and then he say he be go to ... heller to fuck you ? be that he word ? meredith yes . he reach down and tore off my panty . heller and then what do you do ? meredith he sort of lift himself up , to 9 undo he belt . and I kneed he 9 in the groin . 9 heller q® and that be the end of it ? q meredith well , it 's strange . I would have think that my instinct would be to run . but I become very angry . I yell at he and call he name . I tell he I would kill he . a lot of stuff like that . just yell . heller and how do he react ? meredith he seem to realize what he have do . he pull he pants back up and he run out . heller do you call anyone afterwards ? ( continued ) i) continued : 94 . ( 3 ) meredith no . I do not know what to do . I keep go over the day in my head , try to figure out if this whole thing be somehow my fault . meredith break down a little . heller give she a avuncular pat on the hand . heller so you report it the next morning ? meredith yes . heller but you do not bring a formal charge ? why not ? meredith I go to talk to phil blackburn . I know he be a friend of Tom 's . I do not want to destroy Tom 's marriage , or he career . but it be clear that we could not work together . I would be too '' 9 frighten . I be frighten just se sit here . 8 heller give she another avuncular pat on negchand . judge murphy Ms. fernandez ? fernandez Ms. Johnson , I just want to inake sure I be clear about this . Mr. Sanders suggest the bottle of wine ? _ meredith that 's right . fernandez _ but you buy the wine . meredith yes . I send my assistant , Mrs. Ross , out to get a bottle . fernandez that afternoon ? ( continued ) ' 9 continued : caught in 9s . ( 4 ) meredith yes . fernandez do you tell she what kind of wine ? meredith I just tell she to get a nice chardonnay . JI remember that Tom like white wine . fernandez from that trip to Napa -- that he be a sort of amateur wine connoisseur , and would be impressed by a nice bottle . meredith yes . fernandez do you remember the wine ? meredith no. fernandez the ' 91 pahlmeyer ? % meredith qg® yes . that 's right . ane ? fernandez q do you know where you assistant get it ? meredith I assume the liguor store down the block . fernandez would it surprise you , Ms. Johnson , to know that there be not a single liquor store in Seattle that carry that bottle ? a lie . but she reaction be almost imperceptible ... meredith Mrs. Ross be very resourceful . ( continued ) 9 continued : 966 ( 5 ) fernandez be not it true , Ms. Johnson , that you tell Mrs. Ross three week ago you want a special bottle of chardonnay for you meeting with Mr. Sanders ? meredith no . that 's not true . fernandez that 's not what she say . judge murphy Ms. fernandez , do you have testimony from Ms. Johnson 's assistant ? ' fernandez yes I do . judge murphy Ms. Johnson ? meredith take . a beat . meredith the fact be , Mrs. Ross have some - 9 personal problem . she 's be in 9s and out of rehab twice since she 99 start work for I . her 9 family be very prominent , and she 's ... well , a failure in they eye . she tend to make up storey so she all seem more important . less of a failure . I tell Mrs. Ross to get a bottle of wine after Tom ask for it , at the conley - White lunch . for all I know , she have that bottle at home . judge murphy Ms. fernandez , any more question ? fernandez not for now . judge Murphy look at she watch . ( continued ) 97 . a9 continued : ( 6 ) ; judge murphy obviously , what we have here be two basically incompatible account of the incident . ( off note ) certain fact be consistent in both storey . the party have a previous sexual history . wine be drunk by both party . Mr. Sanders rubbed Ms. Johnson 's shoulder . there be kissing . Mr. Sanders 's penis be in Ms. Johnson 's mouth . Mr. Sanders remove Ms. Johnson 's panty . sexual intercourse dic not occur . ( beat ) I think this be a goa time to take a break . cur to : 50 int . later . courtyard Susan and Sanders hiss at each other in a alcove . susan -.. you tell I you do not have sex with she . oe sander I do not . once susan what about -- sander I think you mean sex . susan I forget . she 's try to quit smoking . sander Susan , I be tell the truth . susan you go up to see this woman alone , who you apparently once revise the kama sutra with . you have a little wine , a back rub , you kiss , then this ... non - sex sex thing . ( more ) ( continued ) 0 continued : fernandez 9b. susan ( cont would ) then you take off she pant.y . that be the fact . that 's what the judge just say . sander so ? susan so you be willing . that thing do not happen unless the man want they to . sander she have I in a corner . what be I suppose to do ? susan you let it happen . every night we lock the door . we set the alarm . we close we circle against the world . we turn on the television and watch this thing happen to other people . how could you do this how could ou let this woman into we 59 ive ? 99 approach . a a - c fernandez ten of she subordinate transfer out suddenly in the last five year . how 's that for a red flag . but so far , nobody 's willing to talk . sander goddamit . . fernandez you want to go get lunch ? sander no . I have to run back to the office . fernandez ( to Susan ) how about you , Mrs. saunder ? hungry ? cur to : S1 52 99 . int . later . office Sanders hustle inside . Cindy follow he . cindy John levin call again . sander . find out what it 's about . cindy he say he have to talk to you personally . sander I do not have time . call cherry . tell he to meet I in diagnostics . cindy Tom , could I talk to you ? sander not now , cind , okay ? he check he computer . see he E mail icon blink . he click it on . on the computer you're playing her game . play you game . go solve the problen . oo ? afriend 3 ) back on-sanders as he turn to Cindy . sander — . do I a favor . this message be come from somewhere on the Internet . print out the address for I , would ’ja ? he hustle out . Cindy watch he , concerned . cuT to : int . later . public market Susan and fernandez talk while they walk ... ( continued ) s2 53 100 . continued : fernandez ... you be worried she might be tell the truth , be not you ? susan he admit he want to do it . he take off she panty . fernandez out of weakness . susan I do not see what the iifference be . fernandez why ? because he 's a nan ? that 's the weak . that 's the difference . susan Ms. fernandez , forty - 2ight hour ago my husband 's penis be in another woman 's mouth . TI do not think there 's anything in the law that 's go to help ine deal with 9 that . y int . later . diagnostics lab cherry have eight of the drive line up in they heat - seal plastic wrapper . two of the o:her have be unwrapped . Sanders hover over he . sander how long have you have this ? cherry they come in a hour ago . by the way , garvin have I send the corridor over to the four season for conley to play with . sander it 's in he hotel room ? cherry yeah . I hook it into he database . : ( more ) ( continued ) 101 . 73 continued : cherry ( cont would ) you know , they be have such a good time with it yesterday -- sander you get anywhere with this drive ? cherry I do not know where to start . this thing 's put together like a erector set . sander I be count on you , Don . cherry look around furtively . cherry look , I have some hunch . sander well , what be it ? : cherry I do not know . . sander well , what 's you hunch ? cherry ido not know . 99 Sanders think a beat . realize ... ( 992 ° sander q ) oh my god. cherry what do you expect ? ' they be stronger , they be smarter and they do not fight fair . that 's the next step in human evolution . like the amazon - - keep a few of we around for the sperm and kill off the rest . sander just tell I what you have . ( continued ) 54 55 56 102 . continued : ( 2 ) cherry if I know something fcr a fact , I be not go to hide it . but I be not go out on @ limb . it 's just too intense around here right now . I be twenty - three . I do not want to wake up tomorrow and find I be out of tre computer business . CUT to : int . later . xerox room the clerk place Sanders 's family photo on a color xerox machine . close the top . see from below , the scalding light of the scanner as it play across they . then the xerox plop out . like a freezendry vestice of happiness . CUT to : int . later . digicom Sanders wait at the elevator , then step on as it arrive . across the glass - and -brick expanse of the digicom building blackburn watch get on he cellular phone . qo blackburn ( 90 he 's get on the elevator . seon to : : : ext . later . digicom Sanders exit . garvin pull up in he big jaguar xj12 . garvin you head back to the mediation ? sander I have to get back , it start -- garvin ; come on -- I all give you a lift ! CUT to : 103. int . later . jaguar a amiable garvin drive . sandor alongside he , suspicious . garvin remember when we start ? nobody wear a tie , nobody punch a clock . the chutzpah -- we be go to take on IBM - ~- we could not even beat they in sofball . sander the company 's come a long way . garvin so have you , Tom . you '’re vital to we future . you know it . I know it . meredith know it . now , as I understand it , you have both have a chance to yet it off you chest , you version of what happen . now I want it to stop . sander what I have to get of my chest be not a '' version '' of what happen . garvin it 's always somebody 's ; version . that 's the legacy of the modern . go age . we have information but not qo truth -- little flash of ge electron in a grain of sand . _ sander I be tell the truth , Bob . garvin you have to try to look at this thing from all side . sander how many side be there ? garvin let 's say she make a mistake . so what ? she make a pass -- that 's all . she put she hand on you knee - ~ you could have just take it off . you could have decide it be flatter . you could have handle it any number of way . but this vindictiveness , Tom -- T have to tell you I be surprised . ( continued ) 104 . 87 continued : sander it 's against the law , Bob . I be she employee . I work for she . garvin you work for I . that 's really my point . all of we year together -- why do not you come to I ? not to go hire tiis woman , this lawyer ... sander maybe I should have . garvin why can not you just forget it ? work together like civilized adult and then everybody make a pile of money down «he line . what 's wrong with tha '.? sander thing have go too '' be . garvin thing can go back . 58 int . later . mediation CENTER 0 Sanders walk with fernandez . ano sander «» - why would he offer to settle ? why now ? fernandez maybe you be right all along -- he 's worried about the merger . sander but why now ? why not yesterday ? they have we on the run all morning . there must the some weakness -- some vulnerability we do not know about ... fernandez by the way , you should never talk to anyone from the company without a lawyer present . ( continued ) '' 8 '' nee '' 59 105 . continued : Sanders take a computer printout out of he jacket pocket . sander I be still get that message from '' afriend " . I print out the address . maybe one of you investigator could track it down . fernandez ; . if the company do not find he first . you know that clean lady ? sander yeah ? fernandez she go out of town . nobody know where , or when she 's come back . the Bahamas , probably , with Mrs. Ross on the next plane to join she . this guy play hardball , Tom . they enter the mediation room . Sanders see cindy sit at the table . goo * copra ) '' int . later . mediation room Cindy , clearly upset , respond to heller 's question . heller --. do Mr. Sanders ever touch you in a way that make you uncomfortable ? cindy I do not think he 's aware of it . heller just answer the question , please . cindy yes . heller how do he touch you ? ( continued ) 106 . 9 continued : cindy he ’1ll pat I on the - - my behind . or rub my shoulder when i'm sit at my desk -- heller rub you shoulder ? cindy I do not think he mean : anything by it . heller but you do not like it . cindy I just feel it 's inappropriate . heller because it 's sexual . cindy I do not know . . fernandez I be not sure I see the relevance of this witness . heller obviously , we be try to establish a pattern of behavior here . sexual harasser generally yg follow a pattern . ( of judge 's murphy ad I will allow it . heller you do not have any kind of chiropractic problem , do you ? any problem with you neck , or you back ? cindy no. heller then you would characterize it as flirt . or sexual . cindy I suppose so . ( continued ) 9 60 107 . continued : ( 2 ) heller but you never say anything . cindy he 's my boss . heller you never report it ? cindy no. heller he 's you boss -- I understand . a job at stake . the rumor . whether people would even believe you . all the reason woman never report this thing . ( resume ) and if I ask you if you evar have sexual relation with mr . Sanders -- same answer 's . cindy no , I do not . heller do not report it ? cindy it never happen . heller give she a avuncular pat on the nando aa’ heller cc I understand . ( to judge Murphy ) no further question . cut to : ext . later . parking lot Susan in she Taurus . Sanders lean in the window . hand she the plastic evidence envelope with the family photo she toss it onto the seat beside she -- the face look out through the plastic . ( continued ) a ) 61 62 108 . continued : susan Barbara call . abou ! the disneyland ticket foi Mohamed what ’s-his -name . sander Jafar . susan . they be go to comp he on the ride and upgrade he room . sander thanks . I appreciate it . they look at each other . there 's just nothing for either one of they to say . susan well . see you later . sander see you later . Susan squeeze he hand . start she car and drive off . leave Sanders in the parking lot 6 ° ' % : ad CUT , lo} ee g ext . later . computer store Sanders walk aimlessly through downtown -- try to get he head clear . he peer wistfully into the window of a computer store . Computers , modem , etc. , by Apple , IBM , digicom . he put he hand up to the glass , as if to touch the life he 's about to leave behind . CuT to : int . later . fernandez office Sanders , depressed , sink in the couch . fernandez at she desk . fernandez so what do you want to do ? sander what ? ( continued ) 2 continued : 109 . fernandez they offec end midn : ght ( off Sanders 's look ) same as what garvin tell you . you get you job back . she 's you boss . everybody go brick to work . period . Sanders sit a beat , shellshocke :d . cel sander and we be out of bullet ? * fernandez we can still file and make it . public . they will fire you and counterclaim against you . then we fight it out in court for the next three year . sander what about '' afriend '' ? dic you ever find that address on the : Internet ? fernandez oh , yeah . Dr. Arthur friend , a chemistry professor at the oo University of Washington . who 9 happen to be trekk in Nepal a for the last three week . younve ~ be get message from a ( '' lock office . . sander oh. ( ironic ) I be glad that 's finally clear up . they sit a beat . then he remember something . take out he ular phone . sander what time be it ? I have to call mare lewyn . the drive we be have a problem with come in from Malaysia today . fernandez only you , Sanders . sander what ? ( continued ) nae '' 2 110 . continued : ( 2 ) fernandez anybody else would be dream up way to sabotage the company . sander what can I tell you -- it 's my job , and I be go to do my job till they lock I out of the office . that 's just who I be . Sanders press '' l- e-w " , '' lewyn , Marc '' come up on the display . the phone ring and then a machine come on . adele ( 0.c . ) hi , it 's Adele and macc . we be not home now . leave 2 message and we will -- . Sanders press '' end '' . something about that message ... sander wait a minute ... fernandez what ? sander it 's he wife 's voice on the os machine . but I know I remember ( ( '' a man 's voice when I call Le '' Monday night . and then the nex day he say he never yot thd* message . I must have dial the wrong number that nigiit . on the cellular Sanders type l-e-l onto the diyital display . no number flash up . l-e-m. again , nothing . l-e-s. nothing ... fernandez so ? sander ( think aloud ) that 's why the battery be dead when I get home . fernandez Tom -- what be you talk about ? ( continued ) 52 63 continued : ( 3 ) sander that 's garvin want to make a deal — not ey must have yotten ahold of my phone record ~ ~ ia forty minute bill for the time I be in meredith 's office . do not you see ? meredith knock the phone out of my hand . when I be in she office , I call a wrong number and never hang up the phone . the line stay open . the whole thing be on somebody 's phone machine . on the keypad lll . then l-e-v . flash across the digital display : levin , John . CUT to : ext . night . ferry JOHN levin , a nerdy computer exe : cutive in he late 30 , meet surreptitiously with Sanders on the dock . levin I have . be try to get you all week . what do I have to call -- 976-sander ? sander '' ad you have the tape ? '' oae '' levin look around furtively . slip the tape to Sanders . levin I have to tell you , I get worried about you , buddy . I get a call in the middle of the night from some creepy guy who know thing about I -- my trw , phone record , bank record ... I come into my office today and everything be turn upside down . my file . my drawer ... sander . I '' not surprised . digicom know about the tape . ( continued ) '' 3 64 65 continued : levin it 's a good thing I bring it home . ( beat ) I listen to it a conple of time , you know , with my girlfriend ... sander it 's all there ? ccut to : int . night . sander 's house Sanders enter late at night , taupe in hand , excited . run up the stair . turn the corner ite he bedroom . in there bed both child sleep with Susan . Sanders sense immediately that something be wrong . put the tape in he pocket . look at he family , huddle together against . the world . downstair Sanders find a pillow and a blinket in the linen closet . go to the couch . hear something . turn . it 's Susan . she 's hold herself , as if to keep from fall apart . susan eliza come home -- at school today , one of the child - - they say % something about you . os + go '' close on --sanders guilty , enraged , powerless . this be all come home . CUT to : white title on black -- thursday CUT to : int . later . mediation CENTER Sanders and fernandez arrive at the mediation center , wait for the elevator . meredith and heller arrive at the same time . meredith look over -- see that fernandez carry ( continued ) 66 113 . continued : a tape recorder they all climb into the elevatoi toyether . now heller notice the tape recorder . he and merediith exchange a look . CUT to : int . later . mediation CENTER a tape recorder play in the micidle of the mediation table . a empty chair where Susan sit yesterday . meredith ( 0.c . ) -.- you come back and jinish what you start . ( beat ) pid you hear I ? you come back here and finish or you be dead ! you be fuck dead ! fernandez turn off the tape . heller we believe in any judicial roceed this tape would be inadmissible . fernandez inadmissible ? I be worried I will - drive to work some morning and hear it on Howard stern . heller if you be threaten to release that tape -- god fernandez 2 ao hey , I do not know how many copy of this tape be float around out there . I would never give it out . I hate publicity . heller all that tape demonstrate be consensual sex between two adult -- however it may have appear the morning after . Mr. Sanders 's regret be not my client 's harassment . judge murphy Ms. Johnson , be that you position today ? ( continued ) 66 continued : meredith yes , it be . judge murphy Ms. fernandez ? fernandez Ms. Johnson -- just so I be clear on what today 's story be -- how would you define '' consensuél sex " ? meredith sex where both party be willing participant . fernandez how many time do mz. Sanders say '' no '' on the tape we just hear ? meredith | I be too busy listen to my underwear be tear off . fernandez four . do not '' no '' nean no , ms. Johnson ? meredith '' sometimes '' no '' mean that person want to be take . overwhelm . dominate . but we can not talk % about that . the way you be ad suppose to have sex nowadays , '' ax you would need the UN to supervise ae it . of fernandez '' no '' mean no . be not that what we tell woman ? meredith when he really wantec to stop , he do not seem to have any problem do it , do he ? meredith light a cigarette . fernandez and that 's when you get angry . meredith of course I get angry . so would anyone . ( continued ) — — ~o — — s56 '' continued : ( 2 ) fernandez do not we tell woman you can stop at any point ? meredith you never say '' no '' and mean yes , Ms. fernandez ? fernandez up to the moment of actual penetration -- meredith the point be he be willing . that tape do not change anything . fernandez ( heat ) you control this meeting . you set the time . you order the wine . you lock the door . you demand service and you get angry when he do not provide it . Ms. Johnson , you have prove that a woman in power can be every bit as abusive as a man . meredith ( right back ) you want to put I on trial here , at least be honest about what it 's for . I be a sexually aggressive woman . I iike it . handle it . it 's just the same damn thing since the begine of time -- veil it , hide it , lock it up or cut it off . we expect a woman to do a man 's job and make a man 's money but then walk around with a parasol and lie down for a man to fuck you , like it be still a hundred year ago . no thank you . a beat while nobody say anything . judge MURPH '' how about we take a break ? cuT a Tom know it . and you can not . qr 115 . ogo '' to : '' 7 68 116 . int . later . mediation CENTER Sanders sit on a fountain in the courtyard . fernandez join shaking she head . fernandez well , you be not goiny to believe this . sander why ? what do phil siuy ? fernandez you get you job back . a hundred grand in pain and sufner . I get fee and expense . totai and complete capitulation . sander and meredith ? fernandez she stay through the meryer . then next week they 's 1l ? announce that she need to take : a medical leave . she 's out . ( beat ) I think that Howard stern thing really get to they . . sander this be for real ? fernandez they be the one who want the papers draw up and sign by to tonight . q ( beat ) it 's over . CUT to : int . later . sander 's office Sanders behind he desk . blackburn sit with fernandez . she read through a weighty contrac ? and settlement agreement . blackburn ...- garvin 's up there break it to she right now . it will not be easy . sander really ? I think Bob enjoy that sort of thing . ( continued ) 3 117 . continued : blackburn you can not blame garvin , Tom . you go after one of he people , he dast instinct be to cut and run . you have to admire that . once you make you case , the company have behave strictly appropriately . would not you say so , Louise ? fernandez you do not want to know what I think , phil . Sanders glance over at he comuter . see the E mail icon blink . he click it . on the computer it 's not over . nothing be what it seem . solve the problem . afriend back on --sanders deeply concerned ... blackburn '' yo® Tom ? an 3 sander of yeah ? blackburn we be want you to make a little presentation on '' diana '' at the merger announcement , tomorrow morning at nine . nothing technical -- a Sunday drive on the information superhighway . Three or four minute . in and out . sander yeah , sure . Fine . blackburn and Tom ? I want to apologize personally for this whole dam episode . ( more ) ( continued ) 118 . continued : ( 2 ) blackburn ( cont would ) it 's terrible , the way a thing like this can tear a company apart . I have tell Bob we reaily need to look at it . blackburn offer he hand . sancier shake it . sander see you tomorrow , phil . blackburn exit . fernandez put . the contract in she briefcase . fernandez - I still want to read this over again . sander well , I ’1ll be here a. jittie while . I have to get this presentation together . fernandez if not , I will have someone run they by you house later . she move to leave . sander let I ask you something . do you ever wonder why meredith do go this ? at a fernandez ° what do you mean -- do I find yor irresistible ? sander you see she in action . how cool she be . smart . always in control . why would she do this on the first day ? with this merger come up , and conley as touchy as they be ? why ? fernandez I be sure she think you would go along . sander it 's too risky . I keep think there must have be some other reason ... ( continued ) 58 69 119 . continued : ( 3 ) fernandez Sanders , you think too much . go home . open some champagne , make up with you wife . and get some sleep . it 's over . CUT to : int . later . stairwell Sanders head down the stair to the diagnostics lab . run into Stephanie Kaplan , head the other way . sander hi , Stephanie . he continue past she . then he hear : stephanie it must be difficult . so much go on , and nobody give you information . sander it 's be a tough week . stephanie I remember I have a friend , she be one of the first woman to move really high - up . you know what it 's like at the higher 90 level -- every day be put out of fire . but it turn out she 308 aw be not anything she think it q '' be . and she be look the wrong way when they fire she . sander that 's interesting . stephanie the truth usually be , once you get to it . she smile that sphinxlike smile . continue on . Sanders shake he head , continue down the stair . CUT to : 70 int . later . diagnostics lab Sanders find the lab oddly deserted . as if it be abandon in a hurry ... a coffee cup half~full , a cigarette burn down , still in the ashtray ... book a ! notebook leave open . a security guard enter . . security guard oh , it 's you , Mr. sanler . sander where be everybody ? security guard Mr. garvin come down hour ago . Said they be all work too hard . send everybody home . ( beat ) do I a favor , lock up when you leave . Sanders puzzle over this . coninue to the rear of the lab . flick on the bright quartz light . on the table Three of the drive have be open . Seven remain in the heat - seal plastic ... on the blackboard gS as Sanders examine they . a flowchart list they eas : A. contr. incompat . vlsi ? xn pwr ? b- optic dysfunct --? voltage reg ? /arm ?/ servo ? c. laser r/o ( a , b , c ) D. r? mechanical W E. gre in back on --sanders as he pick up one of the wrap drive . find a needle puncture in the plastic . then see a medical syringe and a OPEN notebook . . on the page a row of figure : ppu 7 11 ( ! ) 5 2 back on -~ sander : as he look at the syringe again . and it suddenly add up. cuT to : 121 . int . later . digicom Sanders rum out of the lab , turn a corner . see blackburn and meredith huddle in a dimly - light conference room . he stop , turn back . do they see I ? then he eavesdrops ... meredith ( heat ) and what if Sanders do not bring it up ? blackburn shhh. we will . meredith you be sure he do not ... that the ... blackburn no , he ... no idea . meredith so when he ... I will say that this be a ... blackburn exactly ... incompetent .. meredith so. , . want I to ... blackburn kneecap he ... Bob want . os meredith ec ...backfire. of blackburn -.. Bob 's count on you . meredith ..-delete ...database ... just in case ... suddenly , Sanders 's phone ring . he jump . blackburn and meredith look out , suspicious , then resume they talk . Sanders answer it as he hustle in the other direction . sander ( to phone ) Sanders . ( interrupt ) Louise , what do the contract say about fire I ? ( listen ) but they can fire I for cause , can not they ? for incompetence ? . ( more ) ( continued ) 71 72 73 continued : sander ( cont would ) ( listen ) the problem : with '' diana '' be not design problem . they ' be not programming problem . they be problem with the production line . and the production line be my responsibility . the whole thing tomorrow -- they be sett.eng I up . CUT to : int . later . sander 's office Sanders run to he desk . log onto he computer . on the computer as Sanders type ... search : digicom / malaysia sa + revision ' the computer answer ... sorry , you privilege do not include access at this level gs Sanders stop , think . frustrate . then he g p@alxeca . he run out of he office ... q CuT to : int . later . four season HOTEL --lobby conley , chase , garvin , furillo and a couple of other conley executive have drink in the lobby . t they nre all laugh it up . garvin turn to conley . garvin when do you dad arrive ? conley . Midnight . they have to stop in Dallas . garvin I would love for he to get a chance to see the corridor . ( continued ) 73 74 123. continued : conley I be up late last night , fool around with it , up in my room . it 's really incredible . rack focus Sanders watch from across the lobby . hustle across to the elevator ... they do not see he . he pick up a house phone . sander hi , this be Mr. conley . be this housekeep ? could you make up ny room ? yeah . right away , please ? cut to : int . same time . meredith office meredith put she briefcase on the couch . take off she jacket . sit at she desk . log on to she computer . cuT to : int . later . four season a housekeep truck , mop and clean supplies , parke bne hall outside conley 's suite . Sanders walk through ad n door . a maid turn down he bei . Sanders tip hem u sander NY that will be all , thanks . the maid exit . Sanders close the door behind she . move to the live room . where the corridor be set up . Sanders find the master switch . the equipment hum . put on the headset , the glove . step on the walker . a flash of laser light as the system map Sanders . sander 's Pov a big blue screen in front of he face . at the bottom of the screen , box that read '' on '' and '' off . '' back on --sanders as he lift he finger to click '' on '' . select various menu item ... ( continued ) 75 76 124 . continued : on the screen the lettering of the menu and the blue screen fade ... the floor turn to vein marble ... the wall turn to wood panele ... drawer and cabinet appear in the walil ... other hallway to other corridor ... ihrough the headphone , he hear he footstep click on the marble ... a junction with hallway lead in different direction : '' accounting '' . '' human resource '' . '' marketing '' . '' operation '' . Sanders turn the corner to head down the '' oferation '' aisle . startle at what he see ... ' it's meredith a black - and - white photograph atop a kind of mannequin -- meredith be not on the virtual system ... Sanders can see she but she can not see he . sander move behind she , look over she shoulder . meredith pull a file mark operation review unit / malaysia . suddan a three -dimensional model oy cc of the factory pop up . like a detailed doll 's hae ? the assembly line ... the conveyor belt ... the '' diana '' drive ... then suddenly ... : zap ! it disappear . CUT to : int . same time . meredith office meredith at she desk ... on the computer the detail file on operation review unit / malaysia have be successfully deleted . authorization dc/c/5905 ( continued ) 6 77 78 79 80 125 . continued : the word '' deleted '' blink . she type to find another file ... CuT to : int . same time . lobby conley sign the check . conley why do not we all go up to my suite ? give my colleague here a chance to try out the corridor ? garvin great ! let 's go ! they all get up ... CUT to : int . same time . the corridor Sanders on the walker pad . go through a drawer . finda file mark : oe cost containment review : AIR g® handlers 9 % he pop it open . start to read ... _ sander +.- reduction of air handle capacity ... from number seven air handler to a more appropriate and cost -effective number five ... zap ! and the file disappear . Sanders reach for the drawer and zap ! the entire drawer disappear ... CUT to : int . same time . four season garvin , conley and he coterie ride up in the elevator ... CuT to : int . later . suite Sanders anxious ... think ... ( continued ) 70 continued : sander angel ? I need help . sander 's Pov a angel with a flicker candle appear . angel help be here . sander angel , show I all communication from Malaysia in the last three week . angel / do you wish telephone or video link ? sander video . angel Press V . a_sheet unfurl in front of he face ... a long list of video link between Arthur and meredith , with date and time ... . sander : angel , show ite the video link >» from last Sunday . hurry up . ys he look over meredith 's shoulder as she pull a file pea video link ... suddenly , mereditn and Arthur appear my . video split screen . cy arthur it 's only a matter of time before Tom figure out about the change at the plant . he 's not stupid , you know . meredith Tom will be out of th ? picture by Tuesday . trust I . arthur I do not like to gamble ~ - I mean , I love tahoe , but -- ( continued ) 70 81 82 127 . continued : ( 2 ) meredith Tom and I have a history . everyone in the company know that . if any problem come up , nobody will believe he . he 's marry . he have a family . ne will have no choice but to take whatever settlement he 's offer and leave . CUT to : int . same time . hallway conley fumble with he keycard in the slot . conley this thing be so goddarn complicated ... furillo_ I think you have it upside down , John . conley I know that . I be testing you . laughter from the group ... cur to : int . same time . suite Sanders hear the laughter ... take one of the headphonag 's S off ... listen to Arthur and meredith with the other a zap ! arthur & and then we say : Sanders make the change at the plant ? he all deny that he do . meredith he will not even know . kemember ? he ’1ll be go by then , Arthur . arthur and if he be not --? meredith and Arthur disappear . a message flash up : ( continued ) ° 72 33 84 continued : the video file on opirat ons review unit / malaysia have begn deleted . authorization dc/c/5905 Sanders look over meredith 's sioulder . she take out another file . zap ! it disappear . then the sound of conley and the other enter the bedroom ... in the bedroom conley and the other enter , tucn on the light . move into the live room Sanders be go . but the system be still on ... conley huh . I must have leave the system on , garvin pick up the headset . turn to the other ... garvin okay . who 's first ? cur to : int . later . bar Sanders sit with fernandez . sander --. it be meredith . it be ° eo meredith all along . and uow 's there 's no way I can prove it . 9 CuT to : int . later . sander 's home Sanders enter , exhaust and demoralize . get a beer in the kitchen . suddenly , the phone ring . sander hello ? jafar ( 0.c. ) Tom ! it 's Mohammed Jafar ! sander oh , hi , Mohammed - ~ ( continued ) a4 continued : : jafar ( 0.c. ) look , I do not mean to bug you , Tom , but we be depart kuala lumpur on Monday and -- sander no , no . my fault . look , you be all set for disneyland . Susan get you comp on the ride . and they be go to upgrade you at the hotel . jafar ( 0.c. ) magnficent ! I can not wait to tell my wife -- she say you be full of shit . you know how woman be . sander . heh heh . do I ? _ jafar ( 0.c . ) ha ! I miss you face , Tom . sander ask Arthur . he see it all the time , on the vdl -- Sanders stop as a idea hit he . jafar ( 0.c. ) Tom ? ( beat ) hello ? sander hey , Mohammed . you know , on this end we store we video link in the main system . do you store that stuff on you end ? CUT to : white title on black -~ friday CUT to : 85 int . morning . sander 's office page roll out of the fax machine . Sanders in the office with fernandez . - Cindy come in . ( continued ) 35 86 130 . continued : cindy I can not believe that 's still come in . it start at seven . and this just come across . she put a dat cartridge on he desk . sander Cindy ? cindy Tom , about the other day -- I do not mean ~ - sander no , you do . and I be sorry . and thanks . she smile . cindy I accept . she whacks he on the butt with she file . exit . CUT to : int . later . auditorium the auditorium be pack with shareholders , PRESS , and . digicom employees -~ fernandez sit among they . a table at the front , with the digicom executive along one side , the conley ~ white executive along the other . meredith chair the meeting . JOHN conley , sr. , 60 , a George Bush type , sit at the other end of the long table . { meredith ' es -+- Tom Sanders head we ~ manufacturing department . Tom , o > I wonder if you could review for on we the revolutionary new product a we call '' diana '' . ° Sanders stand . sander sure , meredith . '' diana '' be we name for a stand - alone CD - rom drive player . for CD - rom to be effective , it have to be portable -- he hold up one of the '' diana '' drive , then hand it to a conley - White executive , who then pass it along ... ( continued ) 36 continued : 131 . sander and it have to be fast . '' diana '' be twice as fast as any CD - rom drive in the world . we have in production now . we have have some early problem , but we be solving they . meredith and the problem we have have -- be they design problem ? sander what we have be a fabrication problem involve the production line in Malaysia . meredith what sort of problem ? sander for example , we should be use automatic chip installer to lock the controller chip on the board , but . the malay on the line have be install the chip by hand . literally push they in with they thumb . and the air . in the plant be dirty . the ppu -- particulate per unit -- be run as high as eleven . it should be zero . we should have level - seven air handler , but we only have level - five air handler instead . and we should be order % component like hinge rod and '' clip from we usual Singapore oy supplier . the one we be get .% be less expensive , but less a reliable . roy meredith I be confuse here . you set up this line , Tom . you do not anticipate this problem ? sander the line be change . the specification be alter . meredith how be that possible ? I mean , we all know you as a highly competent manager . ( continued ) . ~ 6 132 . continued : ( 2 ) sander well , you should know , neredith . you order the change . meredith I do not know where you get that idea . sander you do not go to kuala lumpur last year ? meredith to settle a labor dispute . I have nothing to do with the line -- I have never even see the line . on the screen behind meredith , over the stage , a image project ... a malaysian newscasterk give the news ... behind he , the digicom plant in Malaysia ... then meredith ... the camera move in on meredith as she chat with one of the worker ... sander you have not see the line ? meredith no . I do not know who could have tell you such a thing . a murmur and then laughter ... meredith spin around . sander that 's 's malaysian Channel Three . ys 9 % meredith perhaps instead of digging up malaysian video clip , we should c* discuss the problem that be sit right in front of we . problem in you department . with the line you set up . Cindy enter . distribute file folder around the table . sander the first memo in you file , sign by meredith Johnson , state that automated chip installer will not be use . that make the malay government happy - ( more ) ( continued ) '' 8 89 137 . continued : garvin ( cont would ) we have long feel that the loss of the rest of corporate America be we gain . so I take special pride in announce the appointment of a special woman as we new vice President for Advanced Operations and Planning here in Seattle -- Stephanie Kaplan . Stephanie Kaplan get up to applause . Sanders look at she . look over at Spencer . look back at Stephanie . sander at the university -- yo1 would not know a professor name Arthur friend , would you ? spencer I be he research assistant . back on --garvin as Stephanie Kaplan join . he at the podium . shake hand with garvin . nod to the applause ... back on --sanders watch she ... sander you mother be a remarkable woman . Spencer give Sanders he mother 's sphinxlike smile . oo CUT to : a? 7 % int . later . meredith 's office = meredith pack she box . Sanders knock on the door . meredith why do you come up here ? to gloat ? sander well , gloat be underrate . ( continued ) 9 90 continued : meredith well , so be you . some very smart people underrate you , Sanders . sander thank you . meredith I be not include myself . the truth be , I beat you , Sanders . beat you fair and square . I see you wife 's face in the hearing when heller say '' sodomy '' . it be over -- she would never have let you file . garvin lose he nerve . he come up with this brilliant idea about fire you for incompetence -- he and phil . and I be the one who gat fire . sander you never see yourself as a victim before , meredith . it be probably you only good quality . meredith I play the game the 's way you guy set it up and now I be be punish for it . Fine . the truth be I have have ten headhunter call I with job offer in the last hour . do not be surprised if I be back in ten year to buy the place . Sanders watch meredith a beat while she pack she box . sander do it ever occur to you , meredith , that I be the one who go set you up ? of this stop meredith . Sanders smile enigmaticalyy @ cekit . CUT to : ext . afternoon . bainbridge beach Sanders , Susan and the kid walk along the shore , collect seashell . ( continued ) '' 40 continued ; susan & I can not believe it 's over . sander it 's over . she look at he . punch he on the arm . sander ouch ! what be that for ? susan do not you ever do that again . they hold hand , walk a little . eliza run a seashell . elize daddy , look at this one ! she hand it to he . run to find more ... sander Stephanie offer I the veepee job . susan she offer you she job ? | sander apparently , conley 's cfo be set to retire in a couple of year . she figure she will take he place in New York , and then I ' 11l take she spot here . susan a you be kid ! that 's great ! sander I turn she down . I have have to wear a suit , get on a plane every week ... Change my life in a lot of way . I like thing just the way they be . they exchange a look . smile . hold each oth down the beach . fade 139 . up to Sanders with er as they walk to black :