? August 1997 disturbing reravtor write 's by scece rosenberg purpose only 1 ) avidity - and tus : 0 : neverend séar for soul of damnation 's =o the " youth be wholly experimental ... ~-- Robert Louis stevenson ly fade in : a pair of ext . the a line of '' BAY , ' the large cody of water community and , om king of amp hormone : as. andy bpfenson , - crown #ater rat cavort in a sro bluff - cradle BAY island , - : night black fir tree on a hill br its name . . be a popular make= mdeed , ..a : soLian raw - bone and athletic , wrestle . with. freshman tind ? mary '0 copeland , she pout . he point . tattoo there . the 7 although it appear Mary jo. be do all the work . Andy remain passive , stolid ... Mary jo break '' i she side of the car . cus -retréat . to ' mary jo what és you deal -- ? * andy . Big game Friday . it 's no good . - I need my fluid ... mary jo you fluid ... put she foot on the dash , expose ankle . andy I be curious . why would you do that ? to she ankle . to the tasmanian Devil - in perpetual sneer - and the initial " m.j.c . " scrawle beneath . mary jo why not ? : andy it 's self - mutilation , really -- turn siow smile spread across she . face cy . Mary jo stare at he . what a‘turd he self-mutizate t | ee __ . afid er head disappear . into he '' ext , the wood -. night '' bront ' the bluff . . the paw '' '' boll ! '' hear you scream ... " om oe '' ip 1 ) _ , he pause to air guitar the bléed kir his black lab , hysteria , dart ahead --* gavin . ( cont . ) hysteria ! c’mere , girl +- : uysteria stop at the lip of the wood , at the retaining wall : overlook the bluff . gavin see the Chrysler below reo : gavin - ( cont . ) oe i Andy effenson . the toast with the most . J ( sportscaster voice ; into. hand mike ) you gotta like this kid , effenson , Bob : the star qb prospect out of cradle Bay High . he can throw a pass without interception ... close on the fogge - up window of the lebaron -- gavin ( cont . ) } ... and make one without rejection . ( beat ) you gotta admit , Bob , they make a odd . couple . Mary jo Copeland , she of the '' ye ( more ) : ae nd - red light stain the air . a '' police cruiser pull ub to | bl : savin ( cont tas cattco and a and poetry . - and a pet hyste hey , coxy ... Mitch -- Officer Cox lean down , clock Mary jo , he grin at Andy . officer .cox .. you wanna step out for a minute , Andy - ext . ' the wood - night . / pete a4 S gavin watch as Andy step . from - the car and walk . a few pace with the cop . gavin love it . still the commentator : gavin oh , no . thrown for a loss -- ext . the bluff - night the cop confer with Andy . officer cox you like you chance against knight 's Ridge , Friday -- ? andy we should do fine -- mm officer } i you ' can not . ff have be irst , you know Andy look back at the Chrysler and the .sui andy : arright . rule 's be rule . Andy turn co 2 : whe ud oo he ! stop . a the ¢oinen grimace . ' in 's pain , as it she 'o scoming.on. '' 985 . oe veesone turn - back» to ' the ' cop '' ani . 2 + '' grab . the.cun from ' of er '' Kramer dead at the two - man 's -- . ) face are 4 officer gramer , Andy , ' what the hell --.? Andy pull back the hammer of the service revolver . officer .cox " easy , eff . easy , buddy . : , qo andy need my fluid ... officer kramer what 's wrong with he , coxy -- ? officer cox shut-up ... I can handle this ... easy , eff ... just be -- blam ! Andy fire -- punch a sizzling hole out of Officer Kramer 's chest -- ext . the wood - night the gun 's report echoe . gavin recoil , wide - eye -- gavin Jesus fuck -- ! ext . the bluff - night Andy be freeze in he fire stance ... Officer Kramer lie dead on the ground -- : Officer Cox be a statue , poise -- ' she be at the car window . andy . turns. £ 0 . '' he : mary zo ( 0 . 's Andy , what be -- -- and fire . ac son ' star burst appear on . ma forehead . she sag over th not car , door +*.- and , as quickly . as the rage erupt , drain , stare at the carnage hé 's : . ' get out ‘of Andy look at the policeman . beat . '' he from gavin 's Pov : ce ee Andy walk over to he car . open . the door : '' Mary . jo /s body flop to the ground . Andy climb in . start it up . gavin you gotta be fuck kid I -- ext . the bluff - night the lebaron drive off . leave Officer Cox with the two body . he reach into the cruiser , take the police mike . officer cox hey , clarice , it 's coxy . we get a wet one out to the bluff . soaking wet . he click off . he fire up a Winston . clock the body . officer cox ( cont . ) shit -- from the wood , a dog bark . Cox look up after it . he move t the retain wall ... there be steel rung embed into the wall ... Cox climb halfway up ' they ... look around -- ext . the wood - night gavin run off , deep into the copse . hysteria chase after he , still roaring , the loud bark take we into the -- rapid shot , - continue music for ' credit ° nathan clark -+ open dog bark cf cane ' 's addiccion 's " be caugne stealing " as the . credit roll . epic gs . '' | ext . clark house - suffalo grove , illinois - day a suburb cf Chicago . nuclear family create by a fusion i0f big , comfortable home and elm -line street : e a moving 's van #ampéd arid icade , '' infrone of the house erom the , .house , ..che mover '' haul~ourt '' couch , '' desk , bubble - wrap ilithos : 720 % . 408 , sweater - vested , professorial , oversee the-mover . ° ' - in the kitchen : he wife , cynthia , assembly - line nam ' sandwich with daughter , lindsay , 9 -- - on the walkway : a mover carry a badly - tape carton . the bottom split and a collection of book burst to the ground - Nathan Clark help the mover collect the book . he note the title . music down for : nathan clark ( call ) Steve -- ! hey , Steve -- ! and , from around back , carry a stereo speaker , come steve clark , 17 with the terminal attitude of unchallenge youth - though something about Steve radiate a determination that somehow presage a boy whose stand will soon turn he into a man . steve what -- ? nathan clark ( be : book ) what be this ? nete the title : a lot of Henry Miller , rimbaud , nietzsche , aleister crowley , burrough ... steve book -- ? do '' beat : Father and son share a col ' nathan clark aking this , - ns q e hy : wo. au oo a ct steve why not ? : : nathan clark m Jesus chri ist , Steve . I would £ _ this would be : the dase thing stave take the carton of pock and head into the house .:- . pass Cynthia , who give she husband a disapprove look : '' music up as Steve trek through the house , and we see : how truly empty it be . clear out . except for one bedroom still intact . a boy 's bedroom . '' Chicago Black hawk and - bull banner ; poster : soundgarden , kurt cobain , Jerry Garcia -- '' Steve set the book .on the floor . he sit on the bed , lie back , study the room , commit it to memory -- ext . clark house - day Nathan and Cynthia in a Jeep Cherokee ... Steve drive a Honda Lindsay beside he ... the move van follow ... ext . route 80 - day - continue music / credit as the Clark family hit the highway . the move van follow . several traveling shot Rest stop , Motel 6‘s. roadside stuckey . the clime be get more and more Northern . more and more western -- \z Le she , epcenser kt , secondary road da ac last the " welcome =o Washington " sign = ext . freeway .- day '' : Cynthia have a magazine " the ten best towns to cynthia : clark '' ‘to Lindsay ) . want =o read about you new home : okay --°: take the ' magazin . off the highway , che cerrain . then '' the sign : " cradle Bay island . towns ext . cradle BAY ferry launch > day under a gun-metal sky , they pull onto the perry ... park. the car ... come up to the deck ... a ext . ferry as the ferry shove off ... head to the large telephone receiver - shape island of . cradle BAY a place where the Ice Age leave trace of its passage -. sharply roll with a series of wood hill and drumiin -- in the center of this expansive BAY . . they watch as the mainland recede in the distance ... Lindsay climb onto Steve 's lap ... - lindsay be you excited -- ? steve about what ? lindsay New school . New house . New town . New everything . steve New everything ... indsay iothink it 's thry : better . we be . Steve lcok act she ... Lindsay smile ... lindsay ( cont . ) we be . ext . cradle say ferry launch y unload its pansy ) < 2 eh almost 'a seplica of the home they dete ' the move van wait out front . ramped a int . . clark house - night Nathan play " go Fish " with Lindsay at the ' dining.room -table . int . clark house - steve’s bedroom Steve unpack book onto the desk hutch . Cynthia pass . cynthia clark hello there -- steve hey -- cynthia clark you all right ? steve yeah . just try to put some of this stuff away ... cynthia clark nervous ? steve Nah . she clock the book in he hand . frown . she kiss he on the cheek -- cynthia clark good night -- Cynthia leave the room . ing . . we be gorina '' be a ? ) have regards the bock in - nis hand : tzsche , aleister crowley , burrough . he smile . so we will end credit ... ext . cradle BAY high - day kide and car be . scattered about shis public . scho : oe arectéd in the early 1930s . Brick and bramble : and . cling avy . '' Steve try to deciphe int . : " classroom = : day : ee mr. rooney 's S first period ' english . Mr. rooney . be . bahd ane . personable and slightly effeminate -- a student - trent whalen - blonde , handsome , chin so strong you could rest you : foot up on it , read aloud : trent ( cont ... ) ... and I have be so innocent . and little there , and all beyond be so unknown and great ... " . mr . rooney very good , trent . to wit : when pip say this , dicken be speak of the joy of discovery , of newness , of change ( beat ) Mr. Clark , perhaps you can relate -- angle : steve . situated in the midst of the classroom -- mr. rooney ( cont . ) Mr. Clark be new to we from Chicago . do they read dicken in Chicago -- ? but , before Steve can answer , the door open and in walk dickie atkinson leather jacket , motorcycle boot , soile gto baseball cap -- qo mr . rooney : ( con dickie atkinson . welcome .:. tell you be late . dickie atkins lixe you know what one be . .--. Mr. rooney feign hurt . mr er oney . someone wake up.on the _ che , carburetor : ith '' peckerkead ! " once ..a myself ' stymy by Mr : considerably arcane pata . if I may be so forthright '' my ignorance -.a " péckerhead ? " - more titter . trent wear a tight smile . dickie glower -- dickie atkinson what be you laugh at , whalen -- ? trent nothing , nothing , Richard . I be just think that ignorance kill . dickie atkinson what do that mean ? trent exactly ... trent chuckle ... share it with he friend , robby stewart , a handsome , African - american boy . dickie atkinson you ass -kiss little fuck -- dickie lunge for trent , take he to the ground -- but before it get nasty , other kide wrest he away -- mr . rooney perhaps , Mr. atkinson , another trip to the principal would serve you well -- dickie give the evil eyeball to trent -- dickie 's atkinso you wanna know what a peckerhe : ( point to trent ) that 's a peckerhead -- wR. rooney dickie leave . trent , smile t9 : robb Shea Steve : notice 's i and as we '' underneath : he stock : cap . : rough rooney 's eng '' gavin : see . chat Steve have ' caughe hi index finger to he lip . . ssshh . int . cradle BAY high - corridor - day . Steve walk the corridor toward he locker : . ) he pass a girl , 17 . she be strike : too much : lip - arid too much eye ; hasn not sleep in week ; silver nose ring . yet there be something ethereal at work here . something lovely . she catch he stare . be that a smile or a scowl ? tough to '. tell . but before Steve can determine this , he 's -- knocked into a bucket of soapy water . belong to the man mop the floor . he be tall and gaunt , mid -50s , with a arthritic hitch of the hip . this be dorian newberry , the custodian . some of the water splashes over . steve sorry ' bout that -- newberry grunt , rheumy eye look at Steve , as he slop the soapy water . Steve look back for the girl , but she 's go . Steve near he locker , come 's upon trent whalen and robby Stewart , who have a boy - drip stilwell - cornere and appear to be menace he ... drip be the 90 - pound -weakling from the comic ad . come to life - upon see Steve , trent and robby desist . Steve spin the combination on he locker . oy trent of ' helio , steve. I steve i trent . trent make you . way okay ? steve everything 's cool : good , good : os ‘he and robby walk awa hevele = drip stilwell 's thank + you : : : and drip 's go . and stéve look afte int . cradle BAY high - cafeteria - day lunch . thick with kide . Steve eat alone . 's gavin '' ( 0.s. ) - wa this seat take -- ? Steve look up . gavin strick be there . with he be a diminutive albino boy , similarly clad in tear jeans , black slayer concert tee , long , white hair . this be edward vaughn , but they call he " u.v. " . steve no. go ahead -- gavin ' I '' gavin . this be u.v. steve I be Steve -- coach bob , the trim , peripatetic gym teacher , bound by they table , move with the energize bounce that come from a Lifetime in short and sneak . coach bob strick ! gavin yes , coach Bob -- on coach bob ioe - I wanna . see you try - out {or aaa ' wrestle team , shis year . '' ' like you , could . make it all the sectional -- have : gavin : '' thank you , coach Bob , sir . -* but - I woul . rather . feast on the blisteredskin of a. half - dozen a- bomb victim a 2 I ‘( hasn c hear he ) that 's 's the spirit . '' coach Bob 's skip off . oe gavin shrug to . Steve : * rhe , ~egav a to 7 he hand u.vea green apple . munchy . suivy here ‘has ' some primo | i weed . we burn a ' fatty after . check he out -- he look almost , tan '' ulv . snigger into he granny smith . a buxom girl wale by . 1 | : do not he -- ? | > when gavin see she , he pause , mid-chew . ( call out to she : gavin ( cont . ) hello , lorna -- she look he way , she nose crinkling as if she have just find she shrimp salad seethe with maggot -- gavin ( cont ... ) how be you today , my dear -- ? lorna Drop dead -- lorna walk on by . gavin pump he fist in victory -- gavin contact -- steve who 's that -- ? gavin that -- that , my boy , be lorna " '' Love - itis " longley . my italic . Fire of my loin . purveyor of my every masturbatory fantasy . the entire female gender be separate into two { more ) ae : savin ( contd ) op . g '' stevie Boy : lorna , longle p°= - and all 's the rese comprise the other ns ' steve you ever cake she out -- .? u.¥. giggle . gavin shcor hima lot -- ; gavin . alas ; lorna : be '' largel gavin ( cont . ) . there you get : you motorhead . car. : . jock . all the world 's a.gasket anda " y lube job and a pack of lucky . . Music of oo of choice : posi~traction overdrive . and classic rock : skynyrd , the alliman , bruuuuce . drug of choice : beer . Miller genuine draft . kegger can not be chooser . freak who fix leak -- ( beat ) ah , now over there -- angle : another table . bookish youths eat peanut butter sandwich and confer . drip stilwell be here ... , . gavin ( cont . ) the microgeek . drip stilwell and various other bottom feeder . if you book get dumped at least three time a day -- chance be you be a microgeek . Music of Choice : the sound of a Apple PC be boot up . drug of choice : Stephen hawking 's " a brief History of time " and a cup of jasmine tea on a Saturday night . freak who squeak -- angle : a few kide in baggy and tee carry skateboard -- . gavin there. you .gos yous skat rippin’ - ragin * dude and . tramp . saggy pants , dickie will beg the bes doin 's - 50=50 grind with a : oll : finish ac a homemade halfpine : wood . | Music of Choice : for we sin , dude ... i " choice : kin’. guy maybe I shoulda : - ge ow | one choice : blotter acid . freak who reek = angle ; lorna '' Love - itis " longley , '' ehattting with a group of kid several table down -- we recognize trent whalen , Andy effenson , robby Stewart -- '' gavin ( cont . ) but here 's where it get really nasty : lorna run with that bunch over there . cali they jock ; call they normal ; call they the popular crowd . they 's be " Blue ribbon " -- steve what 's that -- ? gavin Community group . good kid . have bake sale and car wash and kiss a lot of adult sphincter -- ulv . " Blue robot -- " gavin here , here . that three guy ? cradle Bay 's answer to gichmann , himmler and Goebbels . trent whalen , robby Stewart , Andy effenson . Bet you do not know toast come in three flavor -- angle : a pretty girl in a Ann Taylor outfit . of — , . gavin .( con - that 's randi sklar , trent 's s“ woi hl lorna 's best friend . sut the dich in " bitch " . this group 's : m noice : the hum of '' of ambition . drug < and the pursuit of the expense of all hem of they gowns , ( beac ) nharvestenlce sorrow mad ... or any reasonable facs e thereof ... drug of choice : whatta ya get ?... fr alllll week -- 6 . see | ( beat ) veda '' ~y . that 's it . lesson over . 's class *. co dismember -- steve wow -- gavin welcome to cradle Bay High , stevie Boy . welcome to my nightmare -- int . clark home - dine room - night ' dinner . Lindsay 's new friend , shannon , a pretty 9 - year - old , join they . Cynthia serve the food . lindsay ... and we be have a spell bee against hessel elementary . and Shannon and I make it to first team ... shannon they always get I on " phlegm . " I just can not ever remember " phlegm . " lindsay my brother , Allen , be the best speller Nathan and Cynthia look like they have be electrocute ... roo Shannon turn to Steve ... shannon I theught you name be Steve . =. steve | fic be . . ' lindsay Steve 's my other brother . brother who 's’ dead ... ; steve Cause around here , ' people go crazy aif we talk about we dead brother -- |. and Nathan pound the table with a fist , rattling dish . beat .. then : Steve get up . knock over a-pitcher of water and sailing out the door . Lindsay shrug to Shannon . ext . cradle BAY CENTER - MAIN STREET - night perhaps five square block of storefront business , a fire station , town hall , and a half - dozen church . Steve walk along , hand jamme in he jean pocket -- ext . roscoe 's yogurt shoppe brightly -lit , wringht - iron stool before a formica counter , like the malt shop of yore ... the booth be cccupy with high schooler wear nylon jacket with " Blue ribbon Club " stitched on the back and " go forward ! " below that . trent , robby , Andy , etc. be here . Steve watch they . debate on whether or not to go inside . he choose against . walk away , down the silent street . ext . cradle BAY high - day randi sklar walk the path with a coterie of soph girl . oo sdne / of uv. 's ' orifice fleapag freshman ... the girl gasp and giggle ... and walk right :. past + -+-a hedgerow ... behind which gav : gavin-glare ’.at he , gavin take the blunt ... toke long a 1 . deep ... gavin - .. who you gonna believe ? I or ran@i sklar ? . gavin cough a rag , choke , smoke - fill hack ... after it subside . ulv . you , you , you , bud ... definitely you ... int . . principal weather 's office '- cradle BAY , high - day Steve sit before principal weather , - mid-60s and guidance '' counselor miss perkin , early 30 . a third chair be empty -- principal weather we like to conduct a income interview with all new student , steve. Standard procedure . and , as soon as Doctor caldicott arrive , we can begin . everything okay , so far ? steve everything 's fine -- miss perkin how be you find you class ? steve Fine -- qo ) rsvfidget with he pé be asee cpén '' and ' scho beat . she . cu doctor edgar caldicott - 40s , smooth and solicitous . i ; charm so chick it can . ke ee sorry , a , School psychia make any . friend . '' yer ? '' , steve . flatt ey pie ea ak yeah . I dunno -- miss perkin . you might want to consider join the Blue ribbon Club . I do not : know if anyone mention it to you . it ’s.a student group , run by Dr. caldicott . a great way to make friend and help the community . they do wonderful thing -- nothing from Steve . miss perkin ( cont . ) .. they help each other study and practice ... it 's a team effort . a motivational workshop , if you will . Blue ribbon kid be truly make the grade and do wonderful thing on the play field ... still nothing from Steve . the educator exchange glance -- . principal weather Steve , all of we here be aware of the trouble back in Chicago and we want you to know that -- steve {as if strung ) I say everything 's fine -- beat . caidi in spite of himself , Steve nod . cotr smi CA caldtcott my family move around . quite I owa you age . ) ' it 's hard : in the middle of th year . make you £ee1 ° youn E you realize ... '' we ! recnére if syoi that 's all thi whether : or ' not 's Blue ribbon '' resource £ ~ libra microfiche . as auman mic okay -- good . now , get outta not ext . principal weather 's office Steve walk out . Andy effenson ( from . we c open ) sit on the wait room couch . he own world ... Steve glance at the big kid , but Andy 's in ext . cradle BAY high - parking lot - day Steve walk from the school . rock music crank from a cld , batter pick - up truck ... in the bed of the truck -- -- it be the nose-r girl , from the corridor . she wear tear jeans and a oversize cable knit sweater , and be dance and sing with the music : cinderella 's " come Home " ( " be take a walk down a road / it 's the road I be mean to stay . Steve turn . gavin read " sick of " ) gavin ( 0.s. } you like that ? be behind he , wear a t-shirt that it all . " steve what be it ? ' they walk to the truck , where the girl , '' rachel , '' boogy on * =- ' Sf | '' & 7 beat . have look back at che girl . te that 's trash , get I a job - with the sanitation department . -- ie '' ws Rachel 7 : '' stevie : Boy ; steve. and - Rachel size each other up ... gavin my buddy , Rachel . ‘¢sok 's ridg great chick , do not : get. I wrong . '' but cook 's 's Ridge trash -- this be Rachel Ridge trash . ro ' fuck . you : '' ( to hey --° hey -- | gavin '' woo-hoo ! appropriace spark be fly ! the sexual tension 's so : thick , I think I just sprung wodd° -- rachel fail to be a tumor , gavin -- gavin light a cigarette . light one for Rachel . gavin what do you say we cruise town , chase a case , hit the bluff and drink some beer ... consecrate stevie Boy 's arrival to this pathetic tank town ... you down ? rachel sound razor -- gavin stevie Boy -- ? Steve look at Rachel . she smile . he return it . steve sure -- gavin woo-noo ! appropriate spark ! somebody cue the power ballad -- : pick -up . Rachel shrug wheel . Rachel smeut ral ; cradle BAY CENTER >. '' day | -gut . - £rom behind some . shoppin the man shake ‘his head , ~ aisappe electronic door . gavin wander back to ~ gavin - : ( cont : a the problem with America , as we '' vuren ce ever - so - closely to the dawn . of the . ( 21st century , be mankind 's abject unwillingness to contribute to the delinquency of minor -- ( F ) a strapping boy , i6 , in a football jersey , walk past they . this be chug roman ... : chug hello , Rachel -- rachel ee chug -- chug what be you do ? rachel chasin 's ... nobody 's willin 's chug nod ... look at Steve , at gavin ... gavin hello , Charles . cycle any anabolic goody , lately ? chug you be funny , strick -- oy gavin . ' you ... here ait — chug gavin perfectly -proportion pea-brain -- beat . chug and gavin hold the glare . 's then , to rach : cag '' some of we ’'ll be at . the : : vo later on , if you .. wanna wie '' phe vooure * 's hepper '' active culture " '' joke , should = handle this '' they ! eyeball each other # 6r a beat . chug see ya , Rachel -- rachel '' ~ bye -- i . : oo she give he a hot summer night smile and chug walk off , bump Steve as he go . gavin and Steve look at Rachel . rachel ( cont . ) what ? : gavin what . you be actually flatter that barn door have a thing for you -- rachel bullshit ... gavin I hear -- on account of he bein’ on the steroid -- he testicles be the size of corn niblet -- gavin gnaw on a invisible ear of corn -- int . supermarket chug enter ... he cast leok cut the window ... at Rachel ... at the way she run she hand through she hair ... at the way she midriff blouse rise up to reveal the rig in ner belly - button ... and fat bead of perspiration boil up on chug 's forehead ... '' apart the pickle / sauce / juice aisle . '' cover in foodstuft '' . ' head Zirst into the glass , he bloody face smashed up in 's ext . supermarket uyer : .. when . mod and various crashing sound -- . int . supermarket - day chug Roman , face in full twitch and pinch agony , be searing ling . bottle , toss shopping car turn ‘on ff shen a ; a '' dead : charge : sorrene : between a glisten pastrami and a handsome brisket . the shopper be horrify , Steve , gavin and Rachel among they . steve what be that all about ? rachel toxic jock syndrome -- but gavin look genuinely frighten . Officer Cox enter -- officer cox ckay , people ... calm down ... everything 's ail right -- he see gavin . a look . then be back to the business at hand . angle -- the meat case . Cox and a few other remove chug from the beef display ... int . rachel ‘s truck - moving - day Rachel drive , talk to Steve . gavin stare silently out the passenger window , still edgy ... steve what the hell would make the kid freak like that -- ? rachel een ag ee '' ic 's gotta be a steroid thing . all : os ° zrose tackos be into i eliy , ' onnor say she see Andy =£fenson ' bite , : the head off a kitten in a fic of rage . steve . '' - no way ... . rachel : serious . i. think it 's ze ! 's not '! bullshit , steroid . - ' rachel gavin chink there 's some sinister force take over the cradle Bay meathead , . steve some. sinister force ? rachel you know : evil . nowhere to turn . no one to trust . altogether. coky . gavin fail to be a bimmy bitch , Rachel .. rachel fail to be a pucker -ass , gav . she blow he a kiss ... gavin snatch it out of the air and crush it like a bug ... Steve smile ... int . clark home - day - later p.o.v through the upstairs window . Rachel 's truck pull up ... new angle -- it 's Cynthia 's Pov , watch from the window . see Rachel . see gavin . - and not like what she see . cut to : a pair of 3olt-cutter make neat work of a chain - link fence . hp '' dickie atkinson noise from up above . 's ext ... salvage yard - nisht ed auto and tar @@ square mile sheet steel '' and ae elephant graveyard 's '' man behind the polt-cutter . entry -way . ' he turn cn a flashlight . ' ook for part ... lash he beam . . movement.to the . " noise to . the right . ' whirl .it het leave . . he whirl the light again -- at last , stand above he , be trent whalen . a malefic look smear across he pretty - boy feature . trent . I do believe I spy a junkyard dog ... trent be join by robby Stewart ... robby look how dirty he be ... trent there 's no shame in get dirty , Rob . only sname in stay dirty . ' robby the uglier the menu , the better the foed ... dickie atkinson what do vou want -- ? trent you , sweet dickie -- and now there 's movement to the leave ... dickie flash he light ... come towards he be Andy effenson and a few other ne ion vgn '' as chey. move for. he * '' eney come closer . ribbons ... and to the right , herve come ch pug and ss! robby . call from above : rcbby with we have get you , Richard . .. we /. get 's you nub - cap diamond - 2st be halo dickie 's atkins ! Ill crush you faggot . and they carry car rbrials.. , . and. they whip at he with the aerial . . hey > and soon he be overpower ... and he ' go down . .j and converge on he ... like hungry vat . . slam . CUT to : dickie atkinson close on - he face . in some kind of harness . _ clenched in fear . he scream . he right eye . a metallic whirring . a drill bit - like needle . spin . spin for dickie 's eye . off he torture , agonized scream we fade out fade in : ext . cradle say hospital / rear wing - morgue - day a school bus be park outside -- int . rear wing - morgue - day coach Bob have bring he class on a field trip to the morgue . coach bob while instance of drunk drive have rapidly decrease in cradle Bay , one can never overstate its evil ... the class be assemble in a cutting rcom , with its wall of refrigerator drawer . they stand around a gurney , upon which rest a cadaver , its chest open like a cornucopia -- oo : the corcner venove vital organ , dis : Steve and '' be nere . as Mr. Gray , here , be considerably ue boomer when he car run into . a , relephone pole . : not only . that ... 3 - pack-a-day e hold up a blacken Li wand robby look : '' enthralled Excuse I . nead : or the '' exit wand he int , the morgue - second cutting room : '' gavin light a smoke . he pace , jittery more stainless steel table with double sink and gut gutter along the side . a scale be suspend above - each table . af } . ny of 3 he hear sound of a scuffle from beyond one wall ... something crash ... then , silence ... . gavin lean back against one trolley , then jump , startle , as not realize there 's a sheet - cover body upon it . gavin Jesus -- the sheet cover the corpse , all except for the feet , which stick out at the end . woman 's foot : the red toe-nail polish somehow cbscene against the fish- white flesh of the foot . gavin go wide - eye , as he see , on the cadaver 's leave ankle ... a tattoo of the tasmanian Devil , with the initial " m.j.c . " scroll beneath . Mary jo Copeland . gavin gasp . he reach out gingerly for the toe tag , which read : " jane doe . " gavin gc to the other end of the gurney . he be about to lift the sheet away from the face , when -- miss perkin ( 0.s. ) gavin strick -- ! : miss marsh be there , hand on hip , glaring at he -- X . ee miss a . what be you do i - . nave any idea the chemical they xéep ? and you be smoking ! put chat , oud aarid 's gec back into the other-room , ' young man ... you 's be get write up a savin glance back at the shape under the shoe miss Perkins and cut of the room . miss : Perkins give the room .a cursory .ence rhing ! sbeen tampere with : '' she-lea tight : as she go . : z boiler : chank and . rumble . gavin . pee they say she run away ... I - see - she get '. shot . now , I can prove it -- steve . why do not you go to the police ? gavin the police be there , man ... the cop do not do shit ... gavin go to a remote corner of the boiler room . gavin -( cont . ) " Cancer corner . " best place in the school , by far , to sneak a smoke . -- gavin reach up into a pipe joint , take a hide pack of marlboros from a stash-spot ... gavin light a cigarette . Steve glance around the tenebrous environ ... there be a crashing SOUND from further down ... gavin ( cont . ) shit ! come on -- gavin yank Steve back into the shadow of a furnace -- -- just as dorian newberry , the janitor , shuffles into view . newberry gnaw , gnaw , gnaw . rattus rattus ... ah-hna ! excreta ! and dragmark ... the dragmark of rat-tail ... News erry carry a 7a of several '' begin sniff at the air ... moist ..eve ' sca : ege macen 3c , which he smear ion the ... 08 ) : pring trap ... '. want nan ee oh com when , suddenly , not lash cut , haul St gavin irom they hide space ... - ext . newberry : what be you do here , shitbird ? ig ges pjgave relax , '' Mr. newberry ! °> / oo ) onewberry you be not suppose to . - be down New to the say ? hmmm . New to the Bay . - : gavin . . eee Mr. newberry be the school janitor . and he 's get the full - on - boo-radley - village - idiot - quasimodo thing go . do not you , Mr. newberry ? newberry hmph . gavin how go the war against the rodent population of ¢.3. , Mr. newberry ? newberry begin to paint a pasty yellow rodenticide over the baseboard ... newberry gotta fight ‘em ... gotta fight . rat from the Bay . rattus rattus . the carrier of the plague . Black death . there be forty rat bear in America each second ... that 's a lotta plague . newberry cackle and continue spread he poison ... cradle BAY fublic library - parking lot - day Steve and gavin walk from the school , pass the library . gavin newberry 's out of he tit , but he 's harmless -- oy as L . they - come across u.v. stand near the i savin | 2 ou what 's up , man ? he parking lot , a car wash be be heldy ' two : ' dozen 's kide ing soapy sponge and hose . we reccgnize a»féw of the kid : trent , '' robby , lorna longley , et al . bl ribbon deed ; : " a ign say : " Blue ribbon 's car-was ibbon cavort ... trént and robby , shirt nisele limb , yipped abs .. ; herb ritt wet $ d . seeetees seed Zorna and randi '' and some - cthér 's giat . ' find , high , 's dreast year away from gravity ! 's they ero. .) Water jet : outsof ' hose in ? slo=m ' soapy ' sud '' glisten off tone teen torso , UV , : beautiful , huh ? 's a prozac moment -- cee '' gavin '' : ot a Day at the master race -- ww , ulv . check that out -- they see one kid in particular . hubcap . he wear wide - whale cord and a Stanford University sweatshirt . and brand new reebok . it be dickie atkinson . gavin dickie -- ? gavin be very shake . u.y¥ . he 's one of they now . a Blue robot -- angle - perhaps 30 yard from where they stand . a primer- gray camaro be park . stand around it , a few motorhead kide . watch the car wash . watch dickie . gavin look at ‘em . the fuckin’ grape ape . they have no idea why dickie 's hangin’ with the jock and jerk -- . : steve ; th i -- ~ why be he ? a stocky kid , armorall caddy gavin tes that creep vhead . " : i | i ulv . & maybe he turn over a gavin you get that . right . -' ) the new leaf ' con Bay . : I just do not know what es te.g peng , '' gavin a : ( to u.v. ) < this be where he accuse I of be paranoid -- ulv . " denial " be not just a river in Italy -- steve you should stop smoking pot , gav . I hear it make you neurotic -- gavin you be beige boy -- steve I be outta here -- gavin fail to be a be a toast -- steve T be not be a toast . I just do not know what you be get at . I do not see the problem and I do not see how it cencern we . and I do gotta go -- . they watch he go , miserable . then they look back to the car } wash . where trent and dickie be have a spirite water fight . int . .. roscoe 's vogurt shoppe . - Blue ribbon everywhere . sreve enter . hye be on nim . roscoe , paper hat and bad tooth , approach : roscoe help you -- ? ae hand slap . gceve on the back . Steven ose '' brother -- trent lead Steve over to a booth , where Andy efferison , dickie atkinson , randi sklar , 4 bruise chug , robby , lorna , sit ... trent ( cont . ) come sit down . on Steven , this be Andy , dickie , ' randi , '' a lorna , chug , you know robby . this be Steven . he 's new to the Bay . from Chicago -- randi do you like it here -~ ? steve it 's all right -- lorna you have a lot of friend in Chicago -- steve yeah -- dickie atkinson you can have a lot of friend here -- beat . ' they smile . , Steve leok at trent and dickie -- steve didn 's you guy get into a. fight in English -- trent we have make peace , Steven . it 's wnat separate we from the animal -- : . ) look slightly horrifi the enemy -- lorna , uh-ch . l< lirtbag alerc -+ to the frenc of the shop , .to where ... 8h gayin . .. stevie boyt '' be gotta . ' talk ' to '' easy , slim . . nyway ? weo with 's just ' tshep ! : on the end. for ? eth oh rand . rt why do not you make like a tree and leave . gavin clever girl . ( turn to chug ) what happery to you , Charles ? too much red meat ? chug you want a piece of I , strick ? gavin yeah , the piece that dribble down you daddy 's thigh -- chug move for he ... gavin withdraw a steel pipe from he raise it . at chug .. chug back off . gavin ( cont . ) c'mon , chug ! I hit you with this , you will be out so long , when you wake - up you will need a haircut -- ! gavin turn to Steve ... gavin ( ccnt . ) what be you do here , stevie Boy ? we get in one argument and you go bond with the bad guy ? gavin 's eye .mplore . Steve go to he -- may i : | robby . stewarc 's - hand be arcund ' Steve 's s- wrist robby — fou co n’> nave to -go . anywhere , Steven -- '' : '' Steve look at ‘him . robby n.s : word be fille reproach , yer he face be caim , - smile : in .t. Steve study the ribbon for a. beat owhae 's the big . -- the ' pig deal , Steven , sit with we . the Big name booth .-- : and she ' come in . '' and '' yor abandon we ? '' why ? why , why , why ? ' . but Steve and gavin have head for the door . hey leave , the Blue ribbon stare at each other . Silent . '' betray . int , rachel 's truck - moving - later - night gavin drive . Steve besides he . gavin be on edge . he smoke a cigarette and fiddle with the radio ... steve where 's Rachel ? - gavin study . she 's a degenerate studier . Big on raise herself out of che dregs ; bury she white trash root ; make the lamb stop scream , you know steve okay . here iam. spill it . what , in you opinion , be the matter with they ? gavin they be hypnotize -- steve you nre stone -- creed nepnesemietgebie Sea mabe . | savin hac have . that géc to dé with a th steve it make ou paranoid . gavin so dee see the quarterback} away a cop anda babe - -- '' Steve . right , rights '' the : disappearance of M. Officer xramer it pene lobotomize . 's proof ? here ! sop gavin take something from cet . be a photcgraph . ' gavin flick on the gavin ( cont ) you see : robby Stewart use to be :my . bud _- ware . use fo not angle -- photo -- gavin and robby , denim jacket , tesla concert tee , before a 4 - foot bong , party hard .. robby . look . totally different from the one we know -- . : steve . this do not prove shit . maybe he just get sick of you rap ... I can relate ... gavin okay . Fine . I think you have say . that . that 's the purpose of tonight 's excursion . after tonight , you will strap a hog on and be a man ... gavin flash a maniacal grin and crank the stereo , wail along in torture falsetto with a nine inch Nails tune ... Steve look back at the photo ... ext . cradle BAY high - night gavin pull the truck into the darken lot , perhaps a dozen car be scattered about . théy get out -- gavin slip through a big , blue fire door . Steve follow -- int . cradle BAY high - basement - night the ka - chung , ka- chung of the V -belt drive . luminescent machine dial cast a greenish glow over everything . T AIR furnace , remove the metal sase ot en onto the shafc of a MAIN AIR . '' * disappear into the wall -- Zavin-climb into the shaft . Steve hesitates -- " . -- and reluctantly follow gavin into the ventilarci int . shaft - night feec ay four foot of galvanize | mild . she 's gavin sssshhh . , . voice carry ! -- int , branch duct - night they scurry along , the warm airflow bring they to .a sweat . at last , they come to a dead end . toa square wash and bar grille in the wall . gavin peer through -- qd ) gavin C / mere -- Steve go to the small register , peek out into -- int . classroom - night : ' the outlet they look through be high up on the wall , allow they a perfect vantage point to watch the ... blue ribbon meeting in progress . perhaps 30 adult in attendance . we recognize principal weather , coach Bob , Officer Cox , and , of course ... doctor edgar caldicott who chair the meeting . miss Perkins take the minute -- int . ventilation shaft - ' night Steve and gavin crouch there -- gavin ( whisper ) Blue ribbon meeting . first Monday of every month . this be where the shit } go down ... listen -- Steve look at be sell cake and cocky ak atime when ‘school spiric be at its jopt imum a revel -- gavin , -- pty + '' judy s5fenson 's uh ... this. may . sound ' strange -- but , although we could not be more - pleased with Andrew 's improve study , he 's become somewhat , oh , different , since return from you weekend seminar . caldicott different how ? judy effenson he 's become somewhat ... cruel . caldicott cruel ? . judy effenson . yes . for example : Andy 's best friend be a boy name Gordon stilwell ... now , he will not give Gordon the time of day . and I find he to be shortr- tempere with he sister ... some of the other parent seem to be nodd in agreement ... caldicctt I can understand that ... but what you have to realize be you child have be help . they have be impreve . we teach they thing at the seminar that have set they on a path to excellence . and if , for some reascn , they may de a little impatient with that who do not see thing as ( more ) caldicot ? cleariy .... weli ..v> when. - yo : . - che eagia , the. pigeon the look just 43 Little fact and lady neds in acceptance . icok with 2rincipal weather . a new candidate have . - beel this .month by coach . Parents evaluate , counsel , apprise the bind < = ) .° _oread ) laim he spernc drug , alconol ; ' nicotine : candidate '' be ' gepress , .. spen time listen to rock® meee ‘ar masturbate =:- int . ventilation shaft Steve and gavin listen -- be : '' ad steve ! ( whisper ) poor sap -- caldicott candidate have a history of truancy , substance abuse , apathy and general lack of direction / ambition ; be a-c - scudent with , miss Perkins inform we , a - potentiality . he be highly intelligent , yet emotionally clumsy , and cover he inadequacy with verbal cleverness and a condescension toward the more robust individual surround he . Parents enthusiastic , sign hold harmless and form 341 , wish " training " to begin asap . ( beat ) all in favor -- a chorus of " aye " fill the room -- caldicott ( cont . ) all against -- with non be ence . oy caldecott '' for : occober candidate confi '' collean , if vou will or miss ferkins step cutside the door to the classroem Steve and gavin watch expectantly -- ( what = " ? be go , clamb a re be : Steve peek ' back into the classroom , : ps cald into we circle of frie - soon welcome , Ernest a and then it hit Steve : they be gavin 's parent . " >= ext . school - night a a FIRE door burst OPEN , gavin emerge ... Steve behind he ... co gavin . fire up a smoke with tremble hand ... gavin what do I do ? I can not go home . " train to begin asap . '' you believe this shit -- ? steve I think you nre overreact -- ~ gavin ~ they be gonna be wait for I -- steve so they want you to join they club . Big deal . you shine ‘em on . blow ‘em off . what can they do -- ? gavin you still do not get it . you still think this be about bake sale and blood drive -- steve right , right . I keep forget . [ it 's about brainwashing not car wash -- qd wgayiaoréach , sato the truck . ' pull : gavin you be so fuckin’ beige it 's gavin chazn - nts a fresn cig with the sutt - '' steve - fas itm go home now , gavin -- 0 : nyt | gavin I do not think you be -- * '' '' steve what the hell be pac ? ahere 's a you get ie , : gavin it belong to that fuck I call " dad . " now , let 's go -- E steve put the gun away , gavin . gavin start to protest . Steve be as serious as we have see he . steve ( cont . ) put the damn gun away , gavin . '' - 1’1ll go with you . just put that thing away ~- gavin stare at he . blink . struck a nerve . gavin pocket the gun . and -- darkness . then : the tinkling of a window be break . int . morgue - night Steve and gavin drop into the morgue . gavin hold a flashlighc . it be silent as a crypt . just so . steve ( cont . ) you be one sick puppy -- gavin gesture for Steve to move into the second cut room . int . cutting room - night we can almost smell the thick , fumy vapor of formaldehyde . the high -pitch electrical whirr of refrigerator motor hum . steve ( cont :} : think she 's even gonna ro the wall .of drawer . vert ow pallor , stare ' ba ' ansee eye . t ose the : drawer , oper another : a elderly woman , gray and " emaciate . _ gavin reels.°= theyre iabeled : Steve flash the light : and , indeed , '' ach drawer have a '' Little plastic label with the decedent 's 8 name ritten | on at , ~~. steve ( cont. 3 y : be not that handy -- ? gavin scan the label . he become panicked . gavin she 's not here . steve maybe she get up and walk out . '' the re-animation of the Dead be the only horror staple you have yet to incorporate in you paranoid theory -- gavin go over to where a surgical cart have be place against one wall ... he move the cart ... ancther series of drawer ... he see -a drawer label " jane doe " . gavin as they say in the church : bing -fucking - go -- ! gavin open the drawer - a lumpen shape be beneath the sheet -- gavin make to pull back the sheet ... but ... : gavin ( cont . ) ' toca not -- t ' Steve gag . gavin approach : nhat ? gavin Zouca not . .o fuck it ; > many . bet gavin lean back against the wall , ste : oh , no .. we be here once and for all ch , God 's = 2. he give gavin 's where 's she head , Steve ? -— Steve rip off the sheet . the body have be 's padly '' mangle - 0ne 2 : could not tell if she have be shot or pureed ... ' Steve lift up she hand ; the fingertip all smashed , as if by a hammer . -- gavin ( cont : ) that bastard -- gavin go to the foot . to the leave ankle . and , where the tattoo have be , there be now a ... * : missing swatch of epidermis and somehow this be worst of all . gavin shriek , stumbling -away , smash into a huge tub of formalin , inside which a disease stomach gurgle away -- Tub , stomach , and formalin crash to the floor . gavin fall intc some shelf , which topple , crash more pickle organ and appendage onto the floor , onto gavin -- gavin continue to scream , a tangle cf sheet and gut . until one hand be there . a live hand . Steve 's hand . Steve help gavin up . up and out . ext . residential neighborhood - later - night where Steve and gavin must part way -- : vin a 5 you can not leave I here ~~ gavin tax cur no _and a bag . of wee steve hg a : maybe you should lay off thac ' gavin .- | . maybe you should eat 's I i i gavin £ res.up the , bowl . + '' you ! be rig ! it - I ‘remember readi : Springfield who fall int disposal , carry a jar of . ' sul acid and four live pi that 's she body in the : morgue . steve gavin -- gavin stop. just stop it -- ( big toke ) fucker rip off she tattoo -- suddenly , gavin grab Steve in a beseech embrace -- _gavin ( cont . ) lemme stay at you place , stevie Boy -- steve go home , gavin . you will be fine . I will see you tomorrow -- Steve walk off in the direction of he house . gavin okay . Fine . but if I get there and they be wait for I . I x11 cell you what happen . gavin reach into he waistband . pull out the pistol . '' gavin fed-grip the gqun , take aim . Steve grab - and Steve walk off ... and. gavin be ~alone. °° : : gavin ( CC ) = smoxe all , cthac 's robby , caicicocs . - even fuck . ’em up . I will smoke ‘em all . lo gavin -- steve 0008 : you know what - I 'll. take this g'night , gavin -- he shadowbox , fight unseen enemy . | the night ig quiet , reflect orange in the-glow of street lamp and the flaxen moon . : gavin I woulda smoke ‘em all -- ext . . strick home - night : ; gavin stand across the street , surveying he darken house ; angle : from a block away . it 's Steve . he 's follow gavin . gavin cross the street . he tip -toe up onto the porch . he go to the front door , open it -- steve watch gavin enter . he smile to himself . everything 's cool . Steve walk back up the street , to he neighborhood . int . gavin 's house - night gavin enter . there 's a creak -- gavin hysteria -- ? '' a school bell scream '' snt . > cradle BAY , high . = roone ? smoke ‘em ... gavin ( cont . ) : and , '' in pre - lap , make we spill we pop or : Mr. rooney walk che aisle mr . rooney . : very nice ; very-ugly ; ° very mediocre . ° Steve enter . late . '' ooney offer he a disapprove glance . he give Steve he ter paper , handle it like it be .a. live scorpion ... mr . rooney ( cont . ) very awful . Steve sit down . rooney continue to hand out the papers . he pause . the class look up -- rooney be stand before dickie atkinson -- mr. rooney ( cont . ) pray tell , Mr. atkinson - have you find God ? or a crack term paper service ? this reporc be not only beyond exceptional , it 's beyond belief : dickie atkinson thank - you , sir -- rooney eye he suspiciously . Steve look over at gavin -- -- whose seat be , of course , empty . ext . strick home - day ' Mrs. strick come to the door . Steve be there . steve hello . my name be Steve Clark . I ’ma friend of gavin 's . he around ? ( . and with that , down the path . Steve turn . - and that 's what ' you & tev , sot be not sure nae oul mrs . strick he 's at school ... why be not sfou ? - '' steve wet : I be in a ciass of he . he - be not there and = , uh , think maybe he be sick -- | : mrs . strick gavin 's fine . I think . you have be best 'to leave we alone . gavin ’s.a- good boy now . he do not need ' bad 1 slut.from the project . id boy . bad '' ; nfiuence ; the '' vot '' o£ mrs 's . '' St trick | ' fou be pre. new . kid we reese steve . I move here six week . ago -- mrs . strick ... and my gavin be the first friend you '' make . you parent must be very proud . Mrs. strick slam the door close . Steve walk and then start back for the house when -- rachel ( 0.s. ) he 's not home -- Rachel stand near the bush on the side of the house . hysteria be with she . steve you know where he be ? rachel nope . I be just a slut from the project . do you ? steve I be with he last night . he be pretty craze . he get elect intro that Blue ribbon thing .. ' rachel really ? shit . I bet he bail . Left town . guaranteed . steve that 's what I be think . rachel shit . ext . the sluff - night the back of the pick - up , share . a - Steve , Rachel and u.v. sit in 40 oz . uv ve he will show dp ... he 's gotta run out weed sometime ... and : when : steve. enter the-boiler oom y glower at he ... newberry . what do you want ? '' y '' > steve '' you see gavin around ? newberry gavin who ? steve I be with he the other day ... newberry nothin 's down here but I and the vermin . and the vermin down here come in all kindsa color ... newberry cackle and wolf into he sandwich ... and , as the open lick of Marilyn Manson 's " the beautiful people " burst onto the track we CUT to : a pair of shoe brand new sperry topsider ... walk ... down a corridor ... tilting up ... we take in the beige chino ... they walk down the corridor ... cy and we.are in a subjective p.loltl : of of . eid . _ some stzfle laughter . we arrive at che ramp iead into --. int . cafeteria - " Day : continue music ; ' the caf be crowded . '' lorna and some ‘of che other ' Blue . Rib on ir sale , sel} ing . baked goods nat a ' sid angle + ste Steve and u.v. follow ' she gaze -- ~~ " ! _ to the ramp . becausé : -- ae " -- gavin strick have arrive -- a at the top of the ramp . he 's cut he hair ard wear a press Oxford shirt and that chino . the Doc marten trade - in for the boat shoe . he also wear that beatific Blue ribbon grin . the. caf become silent . all eye on gavin as he descend to gavin pass we trio 's table . march right over to the Blue ribbon , where he 's give a hero 's welcome -- Rachel get up , head for gavin ... steve Rachel -- she ignore he . walk up to gavin -- rachel gavin -- ? gavin helio , rae -- rachel what 's up with this ? a that smile again . gavin ... shit , man jy why do not ) you . : rarefy turf . fuck you '- ror gave gavin -- later , rae gavin go to he new " friend . leave . - she . - stand there . Rachel wander back and sit down hard next .t Marilyn Manson crank ... 9 ° " Steve watch as gavin walk over to the : bake sale . -- gavin approach the table . select a wedge of carrot cake . - gavin what do I owe you -- ? lorna give he a smile that could grill cnion . -- lorna on the house -- gavin smile back -- lorna ( cont . ) } and , if you be not do anything after the game ... I could be available for a yogurt ... they share a long lcok leaden with concupiscent promise ... gavin indeed ... Steve walk toward the bake sale . when not be grabbed -- andy effenson stand over he , florid -- ( . andy where you go -- ? steve to walk => gavin -- andy you be not want ... leave he be !.. be there . Andy shove Steve to the ground . u.v. ulv : cimon , man -- Andy hurl u.v..onto a caf table ... what che ck be you maladjustmen bf fenson - 20 ? 3 2 '' stave throw himself into Andy , tackle '' he =- the 's two " boy ' fall to the ground -- Steve get in a few punch , but Andy be all muscle , and soon he 's kick the shit out of the smaller . Steve ---. a crowd gather , form a circle around the combatant , keep Rachel out ... she try to penetrate , but it 's futile . Andy finish Steve off with one last , powerhouse haymaker . Steve lie on the floor , bloody and beat . the circle be break . gavin strick stand there , above Steve . a beat . then gavin offer Steve a hand -~ Andy glare at gavin -- Steve clutches at gavin , get slowly to he foot . Steve whisper to gavin -- steve I be sorry , man . I shoulda believe you -- gavin give he a sad smile . they walk a few pace ... . gavin no problem , stevie . we shall overcome . Steve look at gavin . gavin wink . steve you be okay -- ? gavin nod . aw , man , . fancast gavin smile . whisper : gaavin se old you wanna know what it 's all '' apou bo boe : E this whole thing ? ' what at ! s. ali Z ° '' Steve nod . the crowd be ' heating up . = dorian newberry watch cheough 's a window : outside : ° as. gavin turn back to he table -- and Andy high - fives he on - the way -- a , . 4 and the crowd dissipate , Rachel flung to the ground in they '' ~ yahoo exodus -- from ' the top of the ramp , Edgar caldicott watch it all -- Steve be leave there , in the dirt -- Rachel , on hand and knee , crawl over -- she reach out to he -- only Steve shrug she off ... get to he foot ... walk away -- Rachel look after he -- and still the Marilyn Manson crank -- marilyn manson ( 0.s. ) " I do not want you and I don 's t need you / do not bother to resist I ' 1ll beat you / it 's not you fault you be always wrong / the weak one be there to justify the strong / the beautiful people / the beautiful people . " J . ) winter wwayory ' Little more dishevel , a little more / slouch ' egoeampol might " have 's assume . '' stave '' ke no '' smal1 child frolic about in snowde and we -- ade in : ny ext . town street - cradle BAY - day a blanket of snow cover the tower pine '' and : once * verdant hill of the island . a lone figure walk the st log yipping at he side . all be : ( Silent in hate . the dog.is hysteria : the figure - be - ' steve : that eddy from he mouth be pg ex hockey . come gown on the frozen= - over : quarry Steve come to a crosswalk . randi skiar pass ' by , actually help a old lady cross the street . she grin at Steve : Steve walk by roscoe 's yogurt shoppe ... which be now overflow with blue ribbons ... every booth take ... roscoe busting ass to fill the nonfat order ... : in the park : there be only 3 or 4 deadhead now ... the frisbee toss ... the boom box lament " Ripple . " int . boiler room - day Steve sit amidst the furnace and velometer , eat lunch . dorian newberry enter the boiler room . glower at Steve . newberry you be not suppose to be down here -- steve I hate the caf -- newberry ever ’body hate the caf -- newberry take out he own lunch . they eat in silence , Steve watch the janitor -- steve you think the kid around nere be odd ? newberry sure . but like I always say : Christ be a child prodigy . but so be Jackie Coogan . and he become uncle fester -- px , int . gymnasium - tay '' pass the to watch look across tne gym , at the other exit , ches gavin 's 4 ion , Rachel . try wa but Steve watch gavin. vicious " grapevine " on he cppenenc . ' Rachel follow deter nim ... '' ent . '' corridor have walk ... rach 3e1. appear '' aowae rachel a steve -- ets : he xeeps walk ... she chase he down ... grab ' he . he around ... he look at she , he face blank . steve what do you want , Rachel ? rachel oh , I dunno . a return phone call ? a answer locker - note ? a fuck break ? steve I get nothing to say -- rachel why be you blame any of this on I and u.v.? . steve this be not about blame ... I be just keep to myself . it 's better that way . she stare at he ... he 's so serious ... rachel squirt some chocolate syrup in you Coke , man -- Steve walk away from she ... she call after he .. rachel ( cont . ) there 's a Blue ribbon meeting tonight . you want tc hit the vent ? Steve ? ( more ) ling practice be in session . grapple with another wrestler ... to where Steve the get he attention . watch he perform a particularly , spin she and he do : rachel ( 20 ) sjolegnetay control to Major steve what do you want ? cy , rachel ... you wanna nit the ven= - " 's '' steve . cee do not wane to " hit '' che : to continue gavin 's 's en Z just wank . to walk . away from , ner . she watch . nim go == ) " rachel have a shit hemorrhage , why do not you - new angle - from further down the hall . around the corner . robby Stewart watch they ... all smile ... int . clark house - night Steve enter . to find he sister , Lindsay , and she friend , Shannon , play " candyland " with lorna " Love - itis " longley -- steve what be you do here ? lindsay lorna 's baby-sitting ... she help we prepare fcr the spelling bee against casterville -- lorna smile sweetly at Steve ... lorna Shannon be have a devil of a time with the word " phlegm . " it 's like she have a mental block -- steve where 's Mom and dad -- lindsay they be at some meeting -- lorna yes . at the school . some meeting . sont tone : Zy lorna smile at Steve ... 's 1 . '' ou can go now -- lindsay Steve , we be play ... steve - ° = she can . go now . I be home . .i / i]l : play .with you guy ... ‘steve 's 's eight , he 's ll-take care of you another time . she cousle the girl 's hair . *. gather . she thing . again to Steve ... and be gore . :. smile lindsay -. : —™ what color do 's you want 's to be ? oo steve . what color what ? lindsay you say you have play with -us ... steve , I lie . that 's what older brother do . he head outside ... lindsay not all of they ... he come back in ... steve what do you say ? lindsay nothing . I do no:c say nothing . he look at she for a beat . steve I will be right back -- caidicott stand before the assembly - which ha noticeably , in number ... re eed we scan the crowd ... Steve 's parent be the ventilation register , upon the wal '' not - and through it , into . the , '' duct . ---.to where Steve be nuddied , watchi : '' caldico ' sou sno tsnaecinvaey caen ioe yon ot a mole ohbee he oes . . - candidate Gordon sti the unfortunate sopridqu the committee folt : that 's sti the # 1 rank student class , and therefore v: should be a member ... parent , after be evaluate and contact , reject we offer ... . ' as buzz of disbelief sound from that assemble ... caldicott ( cont . ) f.y.i . the # 2 rank senior classman ... the vice - valedictorian , if you will , be our.own trent whalen ... om , angle - steve . watch ... ext . cradle BAY high - front entrance - day drip stilwell head into the school . when Steve appear ... steve hey , Gordon -- drip huilc . steve how ya do ? drip okay . I be late '' tor class . steve you , uh ... do anything after school ? drip eye nim suspiciously ... no ? ieee po eng drip why ? steve . wanna hang cut ? drip . nowe . steve : " we can rent a movie . o. dad tust ,.goc ! the '' no. 2 get nervous ! and '' he walk off ; int . ) cradle BAY high - bozzer room steve. enter the boiler room with he bag : * luneh , surprising : newberry , sit in the corner read 'a paperback ' copy of anna karenina , which he promptly ditch . - Steve retrieve it . steve tolstoy -- newberry munch a oatmeal cookie , look around -- newberry the rat ... steve forget the rat . it 's a act , be not it ? nothing from newberry -- steve ( cont . ) do not it bother you that everyone treat you like a idiot -- ? newberry blow he nose into a soile dew-rag -- steve ( cont . ) } kind of a pathetic way to go through life -- newberry look at he for a beat . as if decide . then , he voice bereft of its moron cadence : newberry not only do it not bother I -- [ I encourage it . i’1lli drool for the ( more ) sext . cradle BAY high > later newb mass , jong as th on my privacy . ) this 's back , rest the scar cf my vite son Korea , lose my first wife.to ' cance and my . second to diabete ; a : dysfunctional rapport wich my . three. marry daughter ; and play out omy string in relative obscurity . problem wear bell on my : floppy shoe , dance . : for just 'so 's :. the : smenber : newiérry ' nibble '' some more ' deoleie : newberry lapse back into character . baltes coe the rat '' be drip walk out of school . up ahead , he see Steve ... wait for he ... steve hey , gordo -- drip please . just ... leave I alone ... and drip trot away ... steve shit . ext . the quarry - day a pond really . surrounded on all side by stone . a ice hockey game underway , over the pond 's freeze surface . a sign read " skate at you own risk . " we know the hockey player , trick - out in full pad : trent , robby , dickie , et al -- ext . MAIN STREET - downtown - day drip walk along ... Steve still trail he ... drip be panic now ... Andy effenson be up ahead . he stop and talk to drip . Steve slip into a store to watch : not bully , Andy actually say something that 's sth drip look around for Steve . he do nox . see hin and Steve watch as drip leave with Andy ... ext . the pond - hockey game play nas stop . for , at the quarry entrance , red . with drip , look goofy .: ir 2 of lote and do everybody ' know Gordon see he uptown ndvaske : eon want to pl hello , gordon drip : h-hello , .. various " hellos " and " let 's play ! " from the other . Andy slap drip on the back -- andy let 's skate , brother -- Steve have arrive . he walk to the edge of the freeze pond . drip see he . drip stare at he . as drip follow the other out onto the ice -- ext . the pond the game continue , intense . Blue ribbon compete furiously - robby control the puck , skate swiftly , weaving and dodging -- dickie slashes for robby , throw a lethal cross -body check -- robby pass the puck to a cut trent whalen -- trent slow to a stop . with careful aim , he send a perfect wrist - pass over to drip . but it be too long , slide across the ice ... to a patch at the perimeter of the pond ... drip skate to shag it -- the Blue ribbon skate to a stop . watch . wait -- angle - steve . ' watch ... he st drip go to the guck . ck on the ice around he begins to break --~ z out from where he stand -- spiderweb crack radiat drip look down , terrify -- and the ice give !:: seis : stilwell : crash th 1rough the freeze pond , wacer below . -- he thrashes and scream a '' the Blue ribbon skate over to drip . slowly . ation eee Steve dash toward nin , but ‘ise knocked cover 's bya '- effenson . Steve 's head hit the-ice . the Blue ribbon stand at the fresh hole . '' circle , watch drip flail .. they extend hand to he ... and every time drip reach for they , they withdraw : and giggle . Steve fight to get in through the circle . but the ribbon do not allow he to penetrate -- ° steve he's go to drown -- ! the ribbon laugh . at last , they allow Steve into the circle -- robby Drop , drip , drop -- -- in time for he to witness drip stilwell go under . for good . trent maybe we should dial 911 -- robby but there 's nothing leave of he -- trent ' then maybe we should just dial 9 -- laughter from the group ... except Steve dive into the hole .. into the pond ... they stare after he ... Long beat . , . then ... trent somebody 's buck for sainthood . oy ie ) the surface , with drip so rasusci it 's no use .. pound . on he ' chesc ) .. ip be go ... tye the slue ribbon -- steve peopie be go to hear about this you will not get away ... with , lowa '' they ' regard he for a beat ... blink , as it concerned . ' then : ey . '' trent 5 feo look : . it 's randi.and..llorna .- and they nve bring . cookie and hot , chocolate ! kate away from the hole , toward the just - arrive lorna and - armed with tin of sweet and thermoses - of : cocoa -- Steve sprawl on the ice , shiver , out of breath ... he look _ at drip ... whose unsee eye stare up at the sky .. int . cradle BAY police station - night slight pandemonium . officer escort witness in and out ... int . chief roman 's office Steve , huddle in a blanket , sit before chief louis roman , 5as , the recipe for sour mash spread over he ruddy face in connect - the - det capillary . chief roman and I appreciate everything you be say . but understand this : the - motion that the best kid in town , just watch as a classmate drown . that 's a bit tough to swallow ... steve I overhear something the other night . a meeting at the high school -- a rap cn the door . clarice , the secretary , pop she head in . clarice sorry , Lou . Edgar caldicott be on line 4 . say he have like to put together a support group for the accident witness -- roman : thac have - be : 's ' oy tell ! im clarice leave . the chi to Steve . chief roman . ( cont . ) aan | you be sayin’ you overhear somethin’ : 9°... '' but something have catch Steve 's eye . -- >. a a be that .a-picture / 88 crtef ' roman 's that 's right . '' you '‘know my bo : westeve go . the color 'of steve : mot really . -- seed chief . roman so what ' 's this you overhear ? steve now that I think about it , sir , it 's probably nothing . I x11 leave ' now -- chief roman oo but what about -- steve Goodbye , sir . sorry to bother you -- Steve walk out of the office . Chief Roman watch he go -- we linger , long enough to get a look at the stand - up framed picture on the Chief 's desk : angle : the picture -- a photograph . of the Chief , in fishing gear , with a big ass bluefish , and he son , Charles . also know as chug. chug rotian . int . police station Steve walk out of Roman 's office . shaken . Officer Cox approach ... officer cox Chief want I to give you a ride home . steve that 's okay -- nothing from Steve ... ey officer cox Chief want I to . so i-wili : int . pbclice car - moving - night . Steve beside he ... both casting '' sidelong ... béter a few beat of silence . officer cox ( cont . ) ae terrible about the stilwell kid . . . '' officer cox ( cont . soap , brave . a you. to go int after he . fak cox cake < a ' sharp : ' steve this be not the way to my house ! Cox look ac him. darkly ... officer cox short-cut . . and Cox drive on . and it seem a most circuitous route . home . fewer street lamp ... Steve turn to Cox ... steve do you know Officer Kramer ? officer cox he be my partner -- steve he run off with some girl ? officer cox Mary jo . she be a little wild thing . krame love the little wild thing ... steve she hot ? officer cox she be hot . but I ... I think he wife be even hotter ... steve < ramer 's wife ... officer cox damn straight . hor wife . but like they say : we favorite breakfast can ( more ) ance fewer be .cereal , bagel ... | Steve look at he ... " they " say uh - huh . see ? short-cug j yo thanks ... Steve get out of the car ... and Cox watch he .go CUT to : a t.v. screen a boy , 18 , long hair , hoop earring , n.w.a. t-shirt , walk through the house carry two coke . he see the camera . the image be shaky , hand -held , home -movieish . the boy be allen clark . he 's handsome , alive , toe cool for school and rule . oy allen hey , what be you do , dipshit ? we hear Steve 's voice . he be run the camera : -- steve ( 0.s. ) say a few word , Mr. Clark . Allen head upstairs . camera track he down the hall ... allen a few word ? okay : fuck ‘em all and sleep till noon . how 's that ? steve ( 0.s. ) very profound . allen oh , you want profound ? okay . how about : do not worry about the snake in the garden , when the spider be in you bed ... you like ? steve 1 oh , yeah . '' any of we . have ever 's daidé eye . sais eagoicougeane ' allen 's thank - you . do - your.ti er cave 's cit the sweec iseult -+ steve ( 9.8 . they would . love to -- se tale and we enter Allen 's - bedroom . the Chicago bull and soundgarden . a earlier back at the Clark hou : play on one : sbeoreo re : '' '' and , ' sit there on : the bed , ' allen , 0 : S. ) or not Abbey , you rag pilgrim : :; this be but sweet iseult . as I be Tristan . and love drive she ancient plough for we . and give we a abundant store of all that thing that go to make heaven here on earth ... ( beat ) wanna Coke , babe ? and she take it , laugh ... and he lie beside she ... and they be quite a couple ... . int . clark home - den - night the room be dark . Steve watch the videotape alone . a sad smile on he face -- the light flick on . Nathan Clark come into the de -- nathan clark Steve -- ? Steve hit the remote . the image of Allen Clark and Abbey vanish . nathan clark ( cont . ) you okay ? steve yeah -- Nathan clock the tv . the weather Channel . some vacuous haircut talk about cold front -- gu steve ( cont . ) Nathan look dubious ) I be fine -- and Nathan leave , troubled . and Steve hit . the remote : Rewind . lay. and there 's Allen again . and alien 's say allen , : : ... do not worry about the snake in the. garden , when the spider be bed . Steve hit rewind again . play . allen ( cont . ye when the '' spidér be in you : and again ... allen ( cour . ) a spider be in you bed . int . school cafeteria - day Rachel and u.v. eat lunch at a empty table -- a banner be raise by coach Bob and miss Perkins : '' graduation loom -- order you cap and gowns now ! " quick shot around the caf . the clique gavin document all that page ago . they have shrunken considerably . only a few motorhead , a trie of microgeek , a couple of skater , etc . but the Blue ribbon table have flourish . until they occupy very nearly half the caf ... rachel you wanna grab a smoke -- ? ulv . naw ... I gotta sell some bud ... I get like two customer leave ... this keep up ... I be 7 - 11 guy ... int . cradle BAY high - boiler room - day Rachel enter . she go to " Cancer corner " and reach up into gavin 's hide place for zhe pack of butt ... but she hand find something else -- a videotape ... a noise and she retreat behind the furnace ... veneveniqnly chug be there . it 's not chug . chus : come cut , come cut , wherever you ' be +- he iscok around for she -- chug ( gown . ) I see you down here , _ saw the .. look o£ , a try - and - true ' nic '' eit on you '' face ... come.out , Rachel . . . Rachel shrink further into . the darkness +: sma bi phiboett rachel no -- he corner she . she have no placé to run ... rachel ( cont . ) all scream -- chug what do you think will happen if ' you do ? in ’ma Blue ribbon . you be one notch above be spread -eagle on a pool - table pull a ten-sailor train . rachel Jesus ... angle - dorian newberry have enter the basement . he hunker down in a far corner -- a pair of rat shriek and disappear through a ventilation grid . chug besides . [ I be not gonna go banana pie on you , baby . 1 just want to know if ... and I askin 's ... my friend no not . uh ... Rachel , '' will you go to the prom with I -- he look almost contrite . she stare at he ... rachel you be kid , right ? chug will you ? rachel no , chug . no , = will nas . '' chug . why not ? rachel how about that - you couldn 's t repulse I any more if you be ’made out of aqual part shit and maggot -- _ : he grab . for she , . shove '' she against * ' the ; : chug mae c'mon , baby . give. up the plate : give | up the plate , f£or , .@1. , . , chug = : a tl ron : - - jhis gnarled , three - point : - starice ' hand be on ‘her breast ; ‘his cafeteria-meatloaf breath be hot on she face -- rachel no -- chug just ' cos I be a Blue ribbon , do not mean I do not have need -- ' he undoe she jeans ... and he own ... he eye aglow with the fire of he hormone ... crush she , choke she ... when -- -- chug 's head snap back . he turn on he heel . and walk across the hoiler room , in something of a docile trance . he stand there . gazing dolefully at the band steel belly of the boiler ... eye blank . - expressicn slack . Rachel take one last lock and , still clutching the videotape , flee the basement ... newberry step out from he hide spot . he 's see the whole thing . he walk over to the glaze chug. wave a hand over chug 's face . nothing . and something catch newberry 's eye : a black BOX about the size of a portable television set . tethere to a cangle of sipe behind the boiler -- a red light on the box 's face glow intermittently -- a nigh -pitch , barely - discernible squeal accompany the glow . newberry approach the box ... rub at nis whiskered chin ... vy ext . residential neighborhood - day mhe car thay call adle ebay . Steve knock cn tne door =o . one home , which-.opéns’.co vulie kramer + year - old woman . -- with a pretty , if uptight , steve Mrs. xramer --.? julie kramer yes . ci stb . a word , with seer '' eéula@ fr sulie kramer . no , = do not think so . =< . '' steve it 's about you husband . -~ this get a reaction , though it 's a slight one . -- she allow he passage . he go into the house ... Julie scan the street , make sure no one 's about . she close the door . int . kramer house - day as elegant as it be outside , the inside be a shabby mess : dirty sheet cover the furniture ; the wall be rotting plaster . the drape be draw and , in the few shaft of sunlight that manage to penetrate , mote of dust hover ... trash be strewn about the floor , provide ample amusement for the dozen or so cat that roam about . julie kramer I be one of that cat people . T love cat . you like cat -- steve I hate cat -- Julie Kramer giggle and make a drink from the cluttere bar . julie kramer cocktail -- ? steve it 's 9:30 in the morning -- Julie squint at he , as if try to figure out the significance of he word ... 2 ) ea sulie kramer alk to I about Mitch . n? you want 7 what about steve do you know how he die ? julie kramer I be unaware he be dead -- where do you think he be ?. '' " x : : julie kramer I mean , I be aware he be dead . intrinsically . bub. , common ' think * and rumor , be '' that '' hé leave I . he run ‘off , with a young girl . a young school : girl steve Mary co Copeland -- julie kramer so you be well - verse in common think and rumor -- Julie Kramer take a long draught of she drink . julie kramer ( cont . ) I hate cat too , really . they be a lousy substitute for child . especially when teach they to read -- steve why do not you believe he run off ? julie kramer there be people who repair the damage . who fix thing . Mitch have suspicion . there be too many incident . but the thing this people neglect to see , be that Mitch and I be insane in leve ... insane in love . he would no sooner run off with some little girl , than I could pull a chicken out of my ear . but this , this nefarious type . they do not get that ; that human hearr stuff . it 's beyond they -- steve caldicott -- julie kramer I think I have like you to leave now -- | no steve they get away '' with unhy sidoyeu 2 she open the front dcor . xes Steve with a wounded stare . her word be quiet : " ou julie kramer what . be I suppose to do ? my man be go . this town suck for 's heroes . you pookan to be the fire -- ? : '' giee 's 6 on a porch swing in , a prevty sun dress , nibble from a tin of mix biscuit . '' randi stroke the cat and watch Steve leave the ' Kramer house . she hum . ext . cradle BAY high - field house - day the field house overlook the various play field surround the high school . two boy -- dickie atkinson and another blue ribbon , toss a baseball nearby ... int .. field house - day filthy window overlook the field . the field house be crowded with lawn mower , gardening tool , rusted tackle dummy . Steve be here . with dorian newberry . and newberry have a black _box .- like the one in the basement - on he work bench ... steve what be that thing ? newberry sound generator . emit high frequency sound wave that be suppose to control rat . some joker sell a bunch of ‘em to the town council a few year back -- on account of the rat from the Bay have become a problem ... newberry spin the knob on the face of the box . a ear-splitt frequency hum shriek stridently ... Steve , startle , back into a shelf , knock over a jar of penny nail ... Steve gather the nail , the pex still ' squall no he stand up . and yelp -- gourble -se angl veal : at the dirty window ; they nose 's press up heir eye duli : be dickie atkinson ' and - S ft whatever make : - tom the smart and nasty and all» activate , it draw vem to it : steve should not we tell someone ? newberry tell ‘em what ? who 's -gonna believe we ? I be the village : idiot and you 's be some new kid have assimilation trouble . I be stay the way I be --.ai not sayin’ dick -- and you should too -- newberry reach out and tweak the knob , kill the noise : dickie and the boy come out of they trance . - they stare at newberry and Steve , confuse , blink , disorient ... dickie atkinson hello , shit -for-brain ... they giggle cruelly and walk away from the field house . resume they catch . newberry and Steve watch they go . they regard the black box . int . cradle BAY high - day Steve walk by himself . pecple pass he , wear that smile . some of the archetype gavin point out in he caf speech ( a skater ; a hippy , etc. ) be now clad in cardigan and goofy grin ... as if to reinforce this , a sign say : " go forward ! get ready for senior week " with a countdown calendar which read : '' only i day till the prom ... 2 day till graduation !!: " mumber sheet ... so it now . be : 2 L graduation ! ! I :.= turn up the collar nis racket and walk : - on look , they jeer , eixr wick , wick eye . Steve walk away from the school . a-horn honk , startling he . Rachel pull up in she pick -up . open thé-pa . rachel . hop ino -- gene eed ee oe oda no thanks 's # =° " she hit the brake . jump from the truck .... come und , open the passenger door , and basically throws he into= the cab . 's slam the door after he . she climb ' behind the wheel . peel off . rachel like I say : hop in -- on int . rachel 's pick - up - day - moving can Rachel drive , Steve beside she ... rachel the rebei-without -a - friend shit be get old , Clark -- he look at she . she drive on . beat . then : steve where we go ? rachel my place . you need to see something -- ext . rachel 's apartment house - cook 's ridge - day cook 's Ridge be the government - subsize low income housing section of cradle Bay . pre-fab duplex be surround by _ numbered parking space and shrub and tree of the same height . int . rachel 's apartment - day 's cramped and squalid . her mother , detrice , 40 , fade blue , like a woman in a Roy orbison song , watch tv and smoke -- '' rachel chis be Steve . Steve ; ] bs : @ work night : afternoon relax . pig Dee ? detrice you goc it , baby : Steve 's cute --- rachel ; ost not you type . no-tacttoos -- ol : sdetrice '' é “e ps ee we can fix that -- . ry a sultry smile on Steve . 2 + one that , use - day ..:. stave be nod . seis santas oe detric . ( cont . should a't + vou ' kid be in a scnool ? but zhe - kid have 's vanish into Rachel 's room . , . detrice ' shrug . and isok at the tv -- we detrice ( cont . ) {to the tv) buy a vowel , you salad bar -- int . rachel 's room - day go overflow with tape and CD and magazine , but also a computer set - up and neatly arrange notebook , textbooks , diskette file and stack of paper . Rachel close the door . she clock Steve clocking the papers -- rachel : College application . I be outta here . cook 's Ridge , cradle Bay , detrice , Blue ribbon , kiss my ass goodbye -- she drop to she knee , reach behind the desk , to a hide place there . her hand come out hold the videotape -- rachel ( cont . ) I find this in Cancer corner -- Rachel pop it into she vcr , turn on the tv -- angle - the tv . snow . then : gavin strick in he darken basement , camcord himself . tool ' 's " stinkfist '' thromping :n the b.g. gavin smoke a cigarette , speak intc the camera -- ye ' savin savin stric ‘here , live® and : i I guess if you ! a. find ss have toss my rage record and join the _érestle team ... shen you know . be I be nmangin 's with . trent *. and robby and the rest of the. robot ? '' be I capable oniy of straight a 's and | sadism ? God , I hope-noti - but if '' zl : flat . *: the : mada ~ '' Doctor , gar. : caldicott 's last stomping grounds check out the vyhospital on 23 go to the buildin up there .one of be in case I do not . make ie . they " the Bishop flat elevén . whatever . that mean . '' wait till 000 % '' nightfali . ' . bring the new kid , stevie Boy . it all convince he , : if he 's still not convinced . do not go it alone . ( beat ) i think what I 'il miss the most be 's , Eddie Van halen 's guitar solos -- : ( he wail one ; beat ) oe / I gotta split . my smoke 's down to the filter , and I gotta go get paranoid . '' see ya , baby . hope you graduate . Love i ya . this be gavin strick , report live from the reconstruction ... the picture go back to snow . tear stand in : Rachel 's eye -- rachel I really miss that fat bastard -- steve Bishop flat -- rachel it 's a four hour drive -- steve be you plan on go to the prom tonight -- ? rachel yean , right . yeu down -- ? steve let 's go -- } Steve 's expression be set . he 's practically smoiderin tee carn '' neos rachel ext . pacific northwest rcad / int . rachel 's truck - Day Rachel drive , Steve beside she . Van halén on the tapedeck , rachel detrice ' be mostly gool} but we do not talk too much . t-mean , . she 's in exactly a role model . -- cage she drive on . the highway . sdapk - with thunder vommedwood and sequoias -- 4 rachel ( cont , ) remember the peanut cartoon => - how . all the teacher , the store owner ; ' the parent , all speak in that voice ? ( imitate voice ) waaa-waa-waa-waa-waa ... remember ? steve my ) yeah -- co rachel I mean , all my life , that 's how they sound to I . like what fuckin’ language be you guy speak anyways ? int . cradle BAY high - rooney 's english - day rooney take attendance ... mr. rooney Steve Clark ? have anyone see Steve Clark ? nothing from the class . rooney tsk tsk . trent and robby and gavin share a baleful look ... ext . highway access road ~- day zt wind along the spine of this mountain , the road hugging the ridge , twist with the cold , clear creek -- hiker hump the dell and canyon along trail on either side . they pass through sleepy village , with they antique shop , souvenir stand , bed and breakfast , etc . they cross a bridge and , there , sow into a valley carve wide - enough to hold the smail village be ... 2 sotnay drive 's to the back ... to a they . exchange a loox and motor down Main stréec , Bishop flat seem ceaceful enough , as they pass a cclumn courthouse and match congregational Church and town hall . smoke chuff from brick chimney , as the church bell . ring -- rachel seem nice enough --_ p.bxt $ 2 23s belknap road > sprawl of mauve 's bi it} isia large , hospital - look smore '' House . '' '' dush landscape ... a sign say . " 2 ayikea-sanitarium ... eee ae ee stand . of majestic maple -- rachel now what do we do ? steve we wait . you hear the man . nightfall . rachel razor -- int . clark home - day Cynthia make up Steve 's bed . tuck in - the bottom sheet - she feel something beneath the mattress ... remove it ... it be gavin 's gun ... Cynthia stare at the oily weapon . the look on she face be one of supreme ageny ... ext . belknap road / int . rachel 's truck - night - later Rachel 's truck be park there . Steve and Rachel inside . steve . he be wild , no doubt . but he be also brilliant . I mean , on another wavelength . if not have make it through he teens , he would have be something amazing -- . Steve fiddle with the radio . steve ( ccnt . ) and Abbey be incredible . to meet she be to fall in love with she . but ( more ) nein.cik ad Bases Steve cough ... '' that - part - of ' love that '' be , - you , snow , want nobody y her. brother . or he '' cid gir . everyone think she be bad for he . and he be bad for ner . . I dunno . I never mer two people more good for each other . but they 's be ceing together cause so many people : 80 : much. pain . you know . the .story of : aah Tristan and iséult ?. +: geal with the- helplessn ss of lover . destroy . Boy ; chey . really glomm onto thac anya eat bo whiten : amazing when yo hear how . the clear nis throat ... struggle £ 2. go , ons steve ( cont . ) Allen couldn 's t take it anymore . all the people angle to break they up . so they plan to run away . go to California or something . the plan . be co meet at this playground by school . and take off . Abbey be go to tell she parent , even though Allen never tell mine . but she want to make a clean break . so she tell ‘em . and they freak . and lock she in she room . and Abbey 's brother - this shitball name Frank - he drive to the playground . and Frank tell Allen that Abbey be not come . that she decide to stay . but he should go on himself . Allen freak out . he could not : believe it . he sit at that playground for hour . till it get dark . till the bottle of Jack Daniels be drain . and then he do it . he have a gun . 1 do not know from where . and he shot himself . and Abbey finally force she way out of she house . and make it to the playground . and she find he . steve and she pick up the gun . and she do it to herself ... just like that ... just like Tristan and iseult ... Steve mist with the memory -- steve ( cont . ) and six monch to the day they die = on what would have be Allen 's i9th sad tell we we be move . yo S be prime candidate for the doctor 's cure . they prcbably only wish they have meec he sooner . they probably figure if they have , Allen no still be alive . running track and ~ bang b siue blood babe in the ivy League or something . — mai the right . '' maybe he would bi one beat . Steve shrug . he offer she . a strain . 's steve ( cont . 1 coma 6 and 'on that note '' he cet out of the truck . Rachel wipe cher eye and follow . ext ... belknap road - night : : they crouch -run to the rear of the hospital and its darken window -- they creep to the door -- rachel a ( whisper ) sn maybe this be not such a good idea -- steve ( whisper ) think of it as we first date -- he offer she a grin . and push '' open the door which , naturally , go with a creak -- int . rossmore house Wide corridor ... bad buzzing fluorescent cast it in a mealy glow ... tv noise from further down one dark hali -- rachel what 's that smell -- ? they tip - toe into the shadow , when suddenly -- a figure lurch at they ... a young man in a dirty bathrobe ... Rachel stifles a shriek ... the young man be work furiously at he mouth -- which is_ bleeding profusely ... we soon realize what he be do : he be flossing he teeth . floss he tooth with a insane fervor . the young man keens and scamper down the hall , out of sight . du imieeaney all - wear that grins , Rachel chack back a gasp . Steve stagger ; '' as we =e ) reverse angle reveal ~-- here , in this cozy family room be | . - ten-.people__ in they early 20 ; sit ina careful ' arrangement of easy chair , .. all before a wide screen tv : + 2 ) and they be all engage in some manner of ob --~ one boy make '' and remake he tie , over ' and over again .. ; -- a girl apply makeup with she compact , though she already have two inch of the stuff cake to she ... -- another boy comb he thick hair furiously ... -- a girl knit , trance - like ... work on a scarf that be already puddle below she , 25 foot long -- and all of they watch the tv , eye glue to it ... the tv broadcasting ... the home shopping network now pitching a diamond and emerald pendant -- the big finger with the long , red-paint nail stroking it to give it scale ; the unctuous , cloying voice of the female hawker ... but the inhabitant of the live room watch the tv , rapt , like it be a broadcast of dealey Plaza , circa November ' 63 . they pay no mind to the intruder , though one boy , incessantly brush he teeth , turn to they , face smear with crest and drool . he give they a idict 's grin and blow Rachel a crippy kiss . Rachel have back away ... back into a private room where a girl sit . she be perhaps 26 . Long blonde hair . a clear , expressionless face . she couid be beautiful . but something 's not right ... in a pretty : flannel she meet the musical rictie : nide among the flower . 0 ... rachel whac ? hypteiead wt girl . meet. the. musical : 4 '' ride among the ' flower musical little cx among . the < flower . Little creature flower «.:: segawa '' over . and over she repeat '' over . - in -a chirpy li ttle sunshi 6 ..¥o mojo .. : eet Steve join Rachel . and they watch h the girl as she chant ... and then : as sone hane ... rachel Steve -- and he look at she . and she 's point . to.a name -plate on the door to the girl 's room . and it read : betty caldicott ext . the rossmore house - night Rachel burst out the rear door and drop to she knee , freak . when she open she eye , Steve be there ... he look grim ... steve cimon -- and they head for the truck ... angle - a second - story window . a woman - in nurse 's white - watch the two kid run into the darkness .. ext . rachel 's truck - night tear off , spraying gravel as it head out of town -- int . rachel 's truck - moving - night Steve drive , Rachel watch they wake . the moon glow above . how can nobedy not know there 's 5 ) something fuliy fuck - up in . Bishop flat ? poa ade att steve oy gure the townspeople keep the ' secret ... gure ott cruise through here , try out ais stuff - but there be : - still a few bug - so fe regroup move on . leave the .good Bishop flat to take '' care of rachel = = but he daughter . his own daughter '' they sharé a’look . a mirrore ball revolve from the ceiling . int . cradle BAY high - gymnasium - senior prom - night ~~ ; the ball throw little paramecium of light over . everything . é wo the band , " the midwich cuckoos , " be a rag tag bunch of rocker , jam a pretty awesome cover of kiss 's prom-night staple " rock and Roll all night . " during the solo , the lead singer go over to the bassist -- singer what 's up with this ? do we suck or somethin’ ? the bassist shrug and a ... reverse angle : allow we to see the crowd for the first time : glitter , shimmer , a sea of tux and gowns . only they stand there . hover . buzz around in little cluster . huddle in little group . trent , randi , Andy , lorna et al . gargoyle in evening wear . wo not dance . do not ask ‘em ... ext . cradle BAY ferry - moving - night the ferry be fairly empty . Dark . Rachel 's truck be the only ene in the carport . they sit in the truck , blcew smoke-rings . with uy now ure . my prom rachel please . ( she look about ) i be deflower in this room ... Terry nolan 's chevy bel - Air . he be older -- steve - leave it to you to lose you virginity '' in a float paxrking .. garage rachel I remember the song . poison . " every Rose have its thorn . " * Steve look startle -- rachel ( cont . ) you , too -- ? steve yeah -- beat. rachel I be scared , man . tell I you get the full - on razor plan , stevie Boy ... just tell I that ... a look . he can not . beat . so he lean into she . his mouth find hers . her arm around he neck . they go slow down ... down , down gown ... this be urgent , desperate , necessary lovemake . somebody cue the power ballad ... ext . clark house - later - night Rachel drop Steve off in front of he dark house . they sit in silence for a minute ... steve you okay -- ? rachel oh , yeah . sex on a ferry . that 's the cure that 's never fail I ... no ... no , I be not ckay -- canard steve : @ must be something we can -d g we-need proofy .. ( proot of what he 's do here in 's town . .; rachel - '' ae > you can ado whatever you want . 2 be gonna go nome , burn a serious blunt - and try ts forget the bishcp flat eleven ... at least , for now . tomorrow , I '2l graduate . . and then , : they ' shrug . '' she move for h. and , just as thing be cooking up again ... ) /*! wwogthe outside light goe onvsinirenmr eo and Cynthia . Clark be at the front door ... cynthia clark Steve -- ? they separate . rachel mommus interruptus ... steve I should get in -- rachel right . beat . Steve nod and get out . Rachel watch he go ... then drive off . Steve 's mother have leave the front door open for he . . he can hear he parent arguing inside . Steve stop before the door . he do not go in . Rather , he go to . the garage . climb on he bike . peddy off ... int . cradle BAY high - front corridor - night a door be jimmied OPEN ... it be Steve , peniight in hand ... the corridor be dark ... creepy ... Steve make he way down they length ... int . cradle BAY high - edgar caldicott 's office - night Steve burst into the darken office . peniight in he tooth , he go to che file cabinet , begin scan file ... take in they fact and figure , when -- ) espana ws ~ itched on -- dgar caldicotz be in the doorway ... cruel. smile cn ais lip . caldicott ' you be become quite the second -story man , be not you , Steven -- steve I have be to Bishop flat -- caldicott ys 225 % be that up north ? ' T - have yet™to™ adequately explore the Pacific " , Northwest . I be a hast Coast : boy , know -- : nae the steve see you fuck - up there -- . '' crldicott watch you language . ~ steve I see the Bishop flat eleven -- caldicott Nice name . make they sound somehow mythical . notorious . like a radical sixty group . the Bishop flat eleven ... although now , I suppose , one would have to call they the Bishop flat Zero . thanks to you meddle , they have to be -- what 's a goad , mythical word ? eliminate ? eradicated ? erase ? steve you daughter -- caldicott yes . she will be spare . move . steve you use she like a guinea pig . caldicott I use she as the basis for all my work . she be a troubled girl . a bad girl . she could not function without drug and boy and alcohol ... steve she 's sure function new -- oy caldicott ‘of 2 iso jonas '' salk : 8 to polio ; so chain scover penici : steve you 's be compare yourself to '' they ? caldicott : '' Science be God , Steven -- Steve thrust a file into caldicote 's ' fae steve robby Stewart be : a D. Student become a Blue ribb 2 . straight aj thée 's Roman , atkinson , '' caldicott what 's the problem with that ? steve they be not the same people -- caldicott — you be right . they be better -- co steve the Blue ribbon be evil . they commit murder . . caldicott a glitch . a bug . we be look into it . you want to cure cancer , you have get to kill a few white mouse .. steve that 's a fuck - up metaphor . even for you -- caldicott again with the swear word ... steve drip stilwell 's parent do not want he in you club - so drip die ... caldicott drip stilwell fall through the ice . you nre go to blame that on we ? steve people need to know -- people do know . ~ s.aa.t. score have ! : - seven percent . in the past y thé mean gpa have . rise . forty - three cercent ; . the ps applicant- to- acceptance rat : 9 among . cb - High kid to ivy League schcdl be the best cn the West Coast since my arrival ; both the footbali seam and the basketball team have make ic to the State final . ~ people ' know se ys maybe you - too , once " youacé I '' wih leave mediocrity . behing and . ' elimb up on th 2e° bus id bs fe : athe af onn sora own £uek D tghter feo : caldicott watch you language , fellow -- ( beat ) tf we nve learn anything from the scientific revolution : - it 's that you can not stop progress -- ( lean into Steve ; voice a hiss ) and if you break into my office again , you little fuck , you will be power - floss in a Bishop flat basement before you can say " pavlov 's Dog " -- and caldicott move for he ... and Steve duck and fade and punch caldicott in the solar plexus ... caldicott go down with a huff ... and Steve be out of there ... ext . clark house - later - night Steve bike up to he now - dark house ... int . clark house - steve 's bedroom - night Steve begin dial the phone ... his parent appear ... cynthia clark what be you do ? steve Calling Rachel 's why be you still up ? nathan clary this come today -- Nathan nold a piece of paper -- nathan clark» , ( cont . you grade , Steven -~ : : _ steve i L assume I do not do so hot + = / nathan no , you do not . whatever -- '' '' s3teve brushes past ' they , head downst after-him -- . : . not eeiace dhewubohoadainas : ( Steve turn ... look at they for the first steve _ do what . to you --.? 5 nathan clark we be not go to live through it again , Steven . we be not -- ! , steve wa where 's Lindsay ? headlight from outside . Cars pull up -- cynthia clark everything we do , Steve -- we do for you -- steve : what be you talk about ? where 's my sister ? more headlight -- and , from out of the kitchen , step trent , gavin , robby , still in they tux -- gavin May I have this dance , stevie Boy ? Steve back up - into lorna and randi , in gowns and corsage -- robby the Blue ribbon mother ship have land -- os steve y what do you want ? savin Jim morrison ) ne want the worl4d and we wanton and here come Andy Zffanson ... and dickie andy March or die , stavie Boy ... dickie atkinson zombie do .-- zombie see , dad -- relax , son ; where 's Lindsay ? robby . of the struggle within , Steven . you wear it well -- - trent ~ go forward -- lorna move ahead -- andy be excellent -- they close in . Steve back up slowly -- gavin Ice , ice , baby -- and Steve make a dread break for the back of the house . hurtling forward , he dive out of the dining room window -- the Blue ribbon be cumbstruck . they stare at the window . trent fudge . ext . the wood - night . biue ribbon beat the wood in they tux and gowns -- Steve run through the thickly - settle forest -- the ribbon call he name -- Steve run on -- . steve. cun faster . harder . eventually recede into to a figure leap cuc irom sehind a tree , tackle he -- they roll about on the ground -- Steve intrcduce chug 's skull =o a tree stump . Steve a chase ensues . the wood swarm with tireless Blue ribbon at form mal wear ... a night . ext . take be ridge - night : ; etn dete ts heke a breathless Steve arrive a ' the entrance can cook : 's bdge , '' Rachel 's for housing development --+ cniy cfficer Cox be there , in he cruiser , stand quard ..: eye peel ... and before Steve can make a plan , noise from behind he ... as the Blue ribbon continue they search like the tuxedoe terminator they be ... ext . wood - dawn Steve sleep in a tree-shroude culvert . he stir . get to he foot ... walk ... int . rachel 's house - day the phone ring . detrice answer . it be Steve . steve Rachel there -- ? detrice no . she 's go to graduation . I be on the way myself ... who 's this ? but Steve have hang up ... ext . town street - day u.v. pedal he bike , scrawny leg pump -- quick traveling shot we follow u.v. 's journey , see a very different cradie Bay than we have notice previously -- cop car scour the street -- town -- window shoppi they mey . watchtul ue ribbon wal ? ting yogurt , they mouth pi ° ick about che park : there be no deadhead " ' emains ... abandon . cnly the fris . at the cradle Bay ferry Launch , a sentry have ' be post : Officer Cox question car . that wish to cross . -- ext . . cradle BAY high - football pield 7 day . the $ chool '' field be be ' prepped 's for graduation . ce emony . caldicctt . stand at the 2 edness . ce 's 's papers -* caldicott goddamnit , newberry ! how can one fan be such a morcen= - + ' ? 2 ictiaye wideeve oran . newberry set - up :'t lectern , xnock cover can newberry gather the fall papers . caldicott shove he -- caldicott ( cont : d I will do it . go away -- co trent and Andy arrive at the field . caldicott look at they . trent shake he head . no. caldicctt fume . trent and Andy begin unfold chair . ext . the height - julie kramer 's house - day Steve walk up to the house . ring the bell . i the door open to Julie Kramer . she scowl at Steve 's filthy clothes and cut and contusion ... steve hello , Mrs. Kramer . I be here last week ? about you husband ? julie kramer yes . steve could I talk to you ? I have find proof of what 's go on . and I could sure use a place to hide out until -- she retreat into she house . Steve frown . follow she in . int . kramer house - day y exccade shed , wax . pol i8 Kramer turn to he ... steve where be the cat ? I tired of . they . .v:; 7 feline , do you know secretive . sinister , '' dare-1 catty ...! poe sah anto one .frilly + handkerchief han Steve swalicw . a isok of dread assert it steve 9 could I have a drink , Mrs ... Kramer ? - maybe some whiskey ? julie kramer no . I be afraid not . I have no alcohol in the house . no cat , no alcohol . I have replace they both -- steve with what -- ? julie kramer with this ... she go to a large plastic fish tank ... julie kramer ( cont . ) Sea monkey ! amazing instant pet . what a hobby . just add water and the fun begin . her voice be a drine . her grin complete the picture ... teve they get to you ... julie kramer this be my Micro - vue Aquarium , with its patent aero - vent cover . steve Mrs. Kramer -- ws wo julie xramer look at they . they do trick . they play baseball -- Steve go to she , grab she , shake she . steve S what do they do to you ? what do they do ? . lice annie '' julie zramer absolutely guaranteed to live -- Steve release she . Julie giggle and lean down to examine the siny particle dance and twirling : in the aquarium . julie kramer ( cont . ) they do trick . they play baseball ... . smash CUT to : steve qo run like a wild man through the wood ... ext . wood - day . at last , he come to a stop . catch he breath . all appear quiet . bird chirp in the tree . when suddeniy , a cry split the silence . the agonize screech of a animal . Steve come to a clear in the wood . and there , sit on the ground , be shannon Lindsay 's little friend . and there be a black cat in she lap . and shannon be strangling the cat !!! and she look up . her eye vacant . and we know that smile ... Steve watch , horrify ... and we hear o.s. om . principal weather : ' : @s I great pleasure to intreduce 's commencement speaker : sar. own x Edgar caldicotr . docx : oo and Steve run off into the brush -- ext . cradle BAY high - . football field - day chair the field be pack with people sit in white goldin set up before a iong , . lectern-tcped rie face of the graduate . sentor , . s89e ; ' all©those mortardoard . : caldicott , . in he best ' cotton - and -vise > take the sectern , +- cant oh shayne thank -you . thank - - you , once , many year .ago , who . ' tol suffer from a delusion - ‘he he be a volcano ; he feel ' that ; at any give time , he may erupt . he do not . know how that eruption would manifest itself , but he be quite sure it would occur . I tell he this be nota curse , not a suffer , but rather a splendid thing ; that this be , in effect , humanity 's sacred essence ... angle -- the face of graduate Blue ribbon ( trent , Andy , randi , etc. ) below they cap -- look truly inspire -- caldicott ( cont . ) I , myself , be a peaceful man , work at a university in Boston , study pharmacotherapy and its application in area of neurology . I have a beautiful daughter , who be troubled . tempted by the wick vagary of adolescence . in work with she , in help she to come through it , unscathed , I discover the great resource that be the human mind . that be the pillar of higher wisdom we need to support healthy , rich life ... angle - Blue ribbon , move to near-tear ... caldicott ( cont . ) bad child turn into bad adult . good child , like that I see before I , turn into good aduiz . a credit to they generation . ( 3 pntennschgevnden ~ oe che - crowd .. angle - dorian newberry . at <> the speech -- disgust snow . back of = caldicott ' cont . ) - ey as the rabbi-of Nazareth say : " you dia 's not chocse I ; no , I choose - you . " : indeed , + g people of cradle Bay . I implore go forward . answer you cosmic cailing . . go cut . be the volcanoe . erupt. erupt. erupt . . you have be give soncittement . fo.a adventure . - forward . '' creature chat hide : among rhe flower and remembe he eng wonderful '' this th it - hold all ‘oe eeaay . '' thank : you . and the crowd thunder 254 . approval , the Blue ribboris teaping to they foot in applause -- ee " ext . cradle BAY high - upper parking lot - .day overlook the field . Rachel 's truck be park . Steve be here . he approach the truck -- the driver 's door be wide open . the keys be in the ignition . Steve be look about in the truck , when he be tapped on the shoulder -- -- he whirl , fist bunched . but it be only u.v. ulv . jeez , man . chill . where ya be ? steve you see Rachel ? she leave she door open and the key in the ignition ... ulv . she 's just pump , man . to graduate and bail the Bay ... what ' 's go on ? but Steve move to the fence , give they a good vantage point from which to watch the ceremony -- ext . lectern - day principal weather read the name and student come up the riser , shake he hand , accept they diploma , and stand down . principal weather ( into mike ) Nancy Wade ... : ay parking lst - day '' Steve scan the crowd for Rachel -- ! ; lo 's steve : ' _ they be on che ws . she shouldbe come up -- ps a ext . lectern coat ; principal weather shake another student 's Rachel wagner --. ext . '' upper '' parking lor ... hh ek 's " St eve watch , wait , ooo . " ' but no cne stand from the senior seccion . principal 's weather Rachel wagner -- . : Steve begin to panic -- . steve '' where be she -- ? CW ext . lectern principal weather shrug into he mike -- principal weather oh , well . can not blame a guy for try . ( crowd laughter ) uh -- Jeremy wallace -- and jeremy stand to collect he prize . ext . upper parking lct Steve be aghast . steve where be she , u.v .? . ulv . = -- i dunno , man -- Steve pick up a softball -size rock ... he skirt the fence ... u.y. ( cont . ) ? what be you do - walx from the be cause eve fix on can steve where be she ...? angle - the Blue ribbon . , trant.tap newberry see Steve , sees-his terrify . look : * '' robby , dickie , chug , . start : after st ae : the riser . ) for caldicoge sw iticcm ss aiveaser eae a few people begin to stand ... newber woe nger. see stave . Steve - be near the riser ... ' near 3 assassin ... the Blue ribbon . be the secret . serv : ce , '' oe catdicott be the President ... they be all converge , when mr -+ everyone stand ... for the ceremony be over . the class have be graduate ... — the senior cheer ... mortarboard be hurl into the air .. cs u.v. be lose in the tangle of celebration ... caldicott give we a smug smirk from he place on the riser ... steve fight the crowd ... he be jarre from behind , by a hypodermic-widing rebby ... robby it 's time to graduate , stevie Boy -- dickie atkinson off to a institute of higher learn . Steve sag into dickie 's arm ... , robby you be not see nuthin ' till you be down on the muffin ... the cheer .. the pomp and circumstance ... the last thing Steve see be all that floating mortarboard , sailing through the sky in glorious slo -mo ... to black : snail and vaguely , they occupant : in ' one chair be " a '' kid ade up : steve . come =o . strapped tsa surney . wheeled down 's awh . bank of fluorescent ér : no away all snadow -- through swinging double usor . into ... int . treatment room - night zikée a operate theater . 's . Formica , ''s ! ; of light , - gurney ;.work : tablés ' ' and ; of . chair like la-z - boy , vast and bulky mamma : ag Steve be drag over =s a single chair -- thing be fuzzy , but he can thake cut thé '' chair ame a : skater or hippy we remember from gavin 's lecture ) .. and next to he , be a girl . . co * and it be rachel -- she be hook up to a myriad of equipment . i.v. tree around she , tube drip into she arm , face partially obscure by some kind of electronic helmet , cover she eye and ear . tube and wire from Rachel 's arm and neck lead to a input box near a biofeedback monitor -- : a lab-coate man ( who we recognize as the coroner from the morgue scene ) hook up Steve to the same equipinent in ' another chair -- dickie stand by the skater 's chair -- dickie atkinson it be not like you think , stevie Boy . it 's a new kind of cool . you become better , freer . I can not explain it , but I have never feel so alive in my life -- robby " humanity 's sacred essence -- " the i.¥. tube be fix < 9 Steve 's right arm -- dickie atkinson " a pillar cf higher wisdom -- " a machine beeps . and the coroner switch on a whirring surgical PRESS before the skater 's right eye . Steve watch . . robby " a new and rage -- the 2ress hum as a nuge diamond - tinped hypodermic . needle be veal . its dazzie 20 oint , hes from the skater 's eyeball , ° have a point chip artach to its tip . : dickie atkinson -- which no lapse in human character can ever make obsolete -- the needie be thrust forward , puncturing ' the . ey ! ngeé into the brain ... the skater 's body shake and * shudd : robby Control yourself .--. >» = be se senescent a cen oe atkinson go forward -- robby be the ball -- - the hypo be retracted from the skater 's eye -- coat with glot of viscera -- the pointed chip tip now conspicuously absent . the skater 's body go slack ... os ext . whalen home - graduation party - night qs a tent have be set up in the backyard and the guest be beginning to arrive . a band play on the gazebo . Blue ribbon revel in this , the dawn of they future ... ext . cradle BAY high - auto shop - night empty . but for a single car - a EL camino - back in . dorian newberry use the shop winch to load a huge object , cover with a blanket , into the bed of the car . int . the lab - treatment room - night Edgar caldicott have arrive . robby hand nim a clipboard ... he peruse the chart and notation ... robby weinstock 's do . puncture complete . the girl be in she seventh hour of prep . and Steven be just under way -- caldicott go to Steve ... grab he by the hair ... Steve be woozy , but retain some of he fight -- caldicott who have you tell -- ? steve we . jn everyone < -+ a who have you cold -- ? ' he wrench Steve around by the hair ... steve let the girl go -- caldicott ....... aho / have you .told \-+.?- wate steve . os fe tle the fuckin’ : world .’.. Mike wallace ' should =... be here any , minute , ee : pepsin 9 cian tiene foe caldicort .ean into Steve 's ear ... spit : caldicott . when you be do ? when you be a Blue ribbon ? . you be go to come work for I . you be go to be my bitch . . and I be go to make you do thing you never know human being be capable . of ... o! ? but , before Steve can react , the helmet be snap down over he a ) head ... and he begin to go under ... robby see you in twenty and twenty -- dickie atkinson yeah : in twenty hour - and twenty time more capable of achieve all that you be -- steve 's Pov - blackness . but for a single amber pulse . a light . beep on / off , somewhere in the deep , somber pitch . caldicott ( 0.s. have you engage he " h8 Red ? " robby ( 0.s. ) not yet -- _ caldicott do ic . it 's a good one . I program it elf . with he parent 's help -- robby speak into a micrcphone -- robby engagé unit 3 ? 's " h8 Red " -- dy taidicott smile at robby and Pov : find himself in -- int . a house - day aa boy , 18 , iong hair , hoop earring , n.w.a. ¢- shirt '' walk by we ( we be see all of this as if we / camera be Steve -- though it have the siigntt y flat , .two - ' dimensionality with 5 virtjal reality ) . i 's '' allen clark . '' we brother . hey , he say to US . and he head . upstairs : wnat be you do , we : follow . allen ( conr. yo do you viewer . care to enter . the cave . of the Lovers and meet the sweet iseult ? steve / US they would love to -- and we enter Allen 's bedroom ... metallica 's " one " on . the stereo ... and there be Abbey , on the bed ... and Abbey have something in she hand ... and it be a pistol - a snub-nose .22 caliber automatic ... she raise it , put it under she chin ... blam ! . Abbey 's face be a smudge of pulp ... allen sweet iseult . sweet iseult have become face pizza ... Allen turn to Steve / we ... he put the gun under he own chin ... he howl , gleeful : allen par-tayyyyyy !!! blam ! Allen shoot himself ... blood everywhere . Brain tissue and gray matter spatter about the wall and poster like a grisly Jackson pollock . int . treatment room - steve 's face visibly shocked , feature contort in horror -- qd ) caldicott and the other chuckle they approval -+-0 - 5 caldicott shy vss : goed , gecd . ou boy : at the party -- whe blo he leave ... and we return to -- int . allen 's room - steve's p.o0.v. we go over to . the body on the floor -- alien lay there , gun in nand ) .* back of he '' he : steve /.us . > Allen -- can ee a jvewwand then ; inexplicably , '' all apurn '' and cok ' at.us mning , nis head a mass of tear flesh -- - . vat allen hey , dude . go forward -- it become dark ... hazy ... a phantom diorama ... face come at we from the dark ... ghoulish , gristle - encrust face ... face that have be pulverize by bullet ... Abbey 's face ... Broken , gooey tooth ... excoriate flesh ... Allen 's face ... blacken ... a foul miasma ... they try to speak through the thick sludgy remnant of they tongue : abbey meet the musical little creature that hide among the flower -- | and they begin to giggle , high and sweet and scary as hell , they shattered mouth barely able to contain they drool ... and , as Allen raise the pistol , its bore glisten with gore , and he aim it at US , pull the hammer back -- -- there be a cracklz of static , of snow . and the horror - Allen be momentarily replace by the live Allen , who say : allen ( cont . ) do not worry about the snake in the garden , when the spider be in you bed -- ! and the image and the word repeat themselves ... over and over ... as if there 's a short in the tape ... steve's eye age oe you hos he way through whacever drug chey ! have fumped into cody , urge he srother 's word . ' close cn - allen . although it 's the videorape image we would see sarlier , not seem somehow implore ... urging a and , act last , Steve rip helmet off he head ... he grab a nearby iv tree ... swing it into a surprised robby Stewart . robby. go down ... Steve look wildly about ... there 's no cne else here . stave move to Rachel 's chair . ext ... town street -. night 's Silent . . no car about . except for a '' single bl : ' camino , whicn prowis the neighborhood , its . mysterious cargo in 's the ' bed . : eee not '' labys° treatment room 's + '' night Steve begin to unhook she tube and wire , not know what he 's do - but do it anyway . he lift the helmet from she head -- Rachel open she eye . blink . look at he . he help she up . she be slow , woozy , unsure in she movement . steve C ’mon , rae --. he put a arm around she . but -- dickie atkinson stand in the doorway , barring they exit -- dickie walk towards they . Steve grab the i.v. tree , wieide it like a spear -- steve dickie -- dickie charge . Steve raise the i.v. tree , two hand on it -- thutchheh ! ! dickie have run right into the i.v. tree . impaling himself . dickie fall to the ground . pike . Dead . Steve & Rachel book it down . past the body cf robby Stewart -- -- who reach out and grab rachel around the ankle ! ! Rachel shriek . Steve jump on the grin robby , unclench the death grip from Rachel 's ankle -- at last , Steve choke acb -- axcept a-door.at the be there ... with a halt Steve grab Rachel . and they run in ce other the Blue ribbon give chase ... : stave and '' Rachel 's icome ‘to another some kind of ' tunnel : dark and * ' sépuleheal '' length . . they can hear the ribbon '' beni they come to another coor . steve open - it , '' véveal ag '' a stairway lead up . they climb it , burst through yet one more door into bright light , they realize they be in ... int . the morgue the lab occupy the expansive basement beneath the hospital . the Blue ribbon be in not pursuit . so they high - tail it out of there -- ext . hospital / morgue - night they emerge from the hospital . siren wail in the distance -- headlight flash to the right of they . a truck pull up . Rachel 's cruck . u.v. at the wheel , hysteria beside he -- Steve help Rachel into the truck and get in himself -- you guy okay ? you Blue robot yet ? steve not yet ... u.v. study they , suspicious ... ulv . okay . then what 's the capital of North dakota ? 2 ) sok at . each of you're. cool ... szsve and Rachel get into the truck ... : '' this island for we have a little ' problem fat h the Clark boy ... heuer , ses officer .cox what do you want to do ? caldicott we can not . let he get to the mainland int . clark home - nathan nos study - night Cynthia be look cut the window -- cynthia clark Nathan , there 's someone here -- Nathan see the truck park outside . he open the door to he study . in time to see Steve come down the stair , a sleepy Lindsay in he arm -- nathan clark Steve ! what be you do -- ? steve take my sister away from here -- Cynthia throw she arm around Steve , weep . cynthia clark Steve ! God . where have you be ? steve at Dr. caldicott 's . get my mind fuck -- ry he head fcr the door . -- : cynte clark ; '' : where be you go -- 9 ?.: . | : . i with steve Home . we be go home ... nathan clark Steve -- steve ivdo not want to ever . séée-either ’o : again . you want to. see Lindsay . better do a lot cf think ... : von. jeig nathan : clark 000 ° 4 Steve , thi S not for.me '' or you : mother . . this be for- you . for you '' rot to be like Al -- steve . hate to be the bearer of bad news , folk . but the only thing wrong with Al - be you ... and he 's go . out the door . carry Lindsay with he . one , Cynthia whirl on she husband -- : cynthia clark we have to do something -- ! but Nathan Clark sit down on the foyer chair -- nathan clark God help we ... we already have -- ext . clark home - rachel 's truck - night u.v. hop in the bed with hysteria . Steve put Lindsay in the frent with Rachel and drive off -- ext . cradle BAY - quick shot of the Blue ribbon ... tearing through town like gestapo storm -trooper ... search shop and restaurant ... questioning resident ... roughing - up kide .. ext . cradle BAY high - night caldicott emerge from the school , carry several banker 's box full of note and file ... he open the trunk of the volvo . deposit the box ... ~ . he get behind the wheel , tear off . caldicott 's on the run . int . . calsicott 's vol ia + might ) 20 es 8 ub etny caldicot= 's on the ce caldicott . '' 0 2 ! : ea a | my way cut . we have be 4 we may have to shut - down ° thac 's all well and good , but we be close this time . Real close ... = understand ... ext , cradle BAY street . -. rachel 's truck - night :.. '' Steve drive ... they crest the rise , they can see the ferry launch in the distance . : - chub inerbonas * : : ~orsisiesio teve : > : : razor ... '' WA and he aim the car down the hill ... excepr : that suddenly . there be blinding light stream through they windshield . ' Steve hit the brake . for. they have come upon a road block Blue ribbon-style . Officer Cox be here ... with trent , Andy , chug , randi , rebby , and a number of the other ... they car '' park nose to nose along the road . vv nv Steve rip the wheel , spin the truck in a '180 ... only a half - dozen car have pull up behind they ... they be trap . trent it 's cver , Steven . you way of praying be over ... and they be pulled from the truck ... and toss in a heap ... and Cox have he gun pull ... officer cox okay , now ... we be all just gonna go back to the lab ... everything 's gonna be -- headlight appear from around the curve in the fire road , around the bend , momentarily blind Officer Cox -- as the El camino glide slowly by - dorian newberry , smile , at the wheel -- newberry rattus rattus . gnaw , gnaw -- ! ne he cackle ... and the car be '' head sor 6 : ifficer raise he gun . and fire ... windshield ... ; but still che El camino roll can .. ; roll past and as it cass , stave / we can see just what it be in 's the bed - of : " the El camino : , a ultrasonic SOUND generator '' only . the biggest goddamn one evér . to .spoo '' huge ; < it 's -re light blink incéssantly ; 4 high - frequency sound wave that '' draw . the . bl child of hamelin -- '' ufadeed , ' they . fall - in china ~iissanalndan : plodd slowly after the El camino , 's leave behind ... Le oa . newberry slow to allow they to catch up a b I until it be only Officer Cox stand there with | we 's heroes ; watch after they ... steve ( 0.s. ) Officer Cox -- ? . os a and Cox turn ... and Steve hold a tree branch the size of a ss trombone ... and he solos with Officer Cox 's squash . ext . town street - night newberry 's El camino roll on slowly . follow now by at least twenty - five Blue ribbon : trent , Andy , randi lead the pack -- Steve follow alongside they , out of harm 's way of the churn multitude -- they watch , as the procession wind it way down the road -- Steve see , amidst the march mob -- julie kramer walk with the other ... steve ch , shit ... wait here -- and he jump cut of the truck ... and run after they -- ulv . steve -- ihre amanoapnu nota ae dunehboy newberry steer the =l camino down the narrow , foliage - flanke pathway lead to ... the bluff overlook the bay . the Blue ribbon follow . march . in a kind of daze procession now . double-file .. Steve run up ahead crf chem ... to the slow -move El camino ... to newberry ... i steve : do not do this --'! newberry youertree '' my '' handiwork ? . Point , Village idiot ... can not - < very : well have the shitbird graduate and go ouc into the world now , can we °- < +.? steve they can be help . newberry no they can not . and either can I -- and Steve see the blood soaking newberry 's shirt ... he 's be shot ... newberry pull the car up to the slight incline face the wooden parapet - scarce protection for the 150 foot drop into the bay below -- steve do not -- newberry " and it 's whisper that soon / if we all call the tune / then the piper will lead we to reason / and a new day will dawn for that who stand long / and the forest will echo with laughter ... " newberry cackle ... and the car begins to roll ... and it hit the rampart , smashing through -- it roll off the edge of the bluff , careen down -- steve run to the front of the procession ... steve stop ! please ! do not ! cheir clothes , they thev ignore 's he ... wal sy ... - he try to grap hold ut . they be indomirable ...°. oo rh trent , andy , randi . ce soe be the first to the paraper . and , withour hesitation , they Leap from the bluff , float through the air , drop into the inky blackness like the lemming they be -- do the column of blue ribbons follow they comrade , leap after the sound , three at teve go to Julie Kramer , grab het , '' shaking '' she ce wate hee at steve '' Mrs. Kramer ! ) : do not ... ! he.tries to restrain she . but the mob. pulse ' forward ...’ sweep they along ... . : L steve ( cont . ) no -- ! and , at the last moment , he lose he grasp on she ... and she walk right over the edge ... Steve grab for the steel rung embedded into the retaining wall ... ».. as the procession pass below , on into the void ... more - than half of the Blue ribbon be go -- Steve climb onto the retain wall ... landing at the foot of edgar caldicott who watch from up here ... caldicott impressive display of previously - unsuspected leadership potential , Steven ... you really crumbe my deal , here ... be you happy ? steve it 's finish , man -- ' caldicott finish ? there be always other town . other town , other troubled teens , other worried parent . ( more ) q 2 ».and ' steve grab caldicot ?. ' 3 rt taldicott ‘( cont would be aasn 's to finish ? even becun -- caidicotc smile ... ' steve . . sound like a plan . but you know what you have to do first , Doc ? . caldicott . what 's that , Steven * < 2 ? / steve you have to go forward -+ sae =* and eurl he off the retaining wall , onto the-remain Blue ribbon face the. parape caldicott be carry atop the throng . try.as -he extricate himself , the. mob carry he hike . a victorious | football hero -- caldicott no ... do not ... noaooaaa -- ! caldicott stare up at Steve , terrify .... as he be carry over the bluff and into the AIR -- and Steve watch as the last of the Blue ribbon disappear into the mystic -- ext . FIRE road - rachel 's truck - night Rachel and u.v. and Lindsay , horrify , from the embankment ... Steve come back from the bluff and get into the truck without aword . Steve turn to Rachel -- steve i you okay ? rachel I dunno . you ? _ steve I dunno -- Steve start the truck down the embankment -- ext . cradle BAY ferry launch - night the ferry wait there ... a low fog skim the wild black water , along the piling and race ... nu , V. go to the girl 's body , bend over it '' u.v. head back for the truck , when hysteria begin to growl . no Rachel 's pick - up approach . u.v. . Steve - check it out -- u.¥. point . there , in front of the Launch ticket Booth , '' lie lorna '' Love - itis " longley - u.v. jump from the truck -- steve careful -- ulv . - she 's s. be shot ... '' steve c’ / mon , let 's go -- and , from the ticket booth , gavin strick step out , brandish a rifle - stick it into u.vv. 's face . gavin I kill she . I shot my baby down . believe that action ? you pine you whole life for a certain vixen . you finally get she , and then you gun she down for no good reason . ah , the tribulation of be a Blue ribbon . something have to be do about this psychopathic episode ... steve they be go , gavin . trent , Andy , caldicott . all of they -- gavin I know . and I would have be too . except -- ' he pluck cotton ball from he ear -- gavin ( cont . ) -- I always be smarter than the average robot ... steve gavin -- od . be gavin cin ? ou , stevie Boy : you get . Rachel you sister , the deg , :.che '- zruck . u‘re like the king of you own Li mini-society , the Ayatollah cf coca -cola . and what - do I have ?.. a dead vixen . a tweak brain . a ruin town . but , oh , look , boy and girl : I have also get a shotgun . out of the truck . all of you -- steve gavin -- gavin . ce cay stevie Boy . I want 's to demystify the process for you : have , we die ; no cne know why " they gec out of the truck . Steve keep a protéctive : hand .on Lindsay 's shoulder -- sad nag . steve come with we . we will get you a doctor -- gavin I have a doctor . caldicott be a visionary . a genius . he -created a psychic jambalaya . perfect youth . I be honestly beginning to enjoy supervise athletics , chamber music , my study . what 's wrong with that , stevie Boy ? why do you have to fuck thing up ? steve you be not well , gavin . remember what you use to be like ? gavin a fat , drug-addled burn-out . a bad dresser . a shamble with the lady -- rachel you be still a bad dresser -- gavin very funny . you do not get to graduate , huh , ' rae ? no problem -- where there 's a trailer park , there 's a gang - bang - so you will never be alone -- rachel fuck you -- savin we raconteur . <= see theo ... : do not have a chance ) to kick | ; ( raise che gun ) try this on for size -- he izain the gun cn Rachel -- steve no -- as..gavin‘s.about.to , shoot ... ° gavin ' o* shut*up , '' stevie : '' you ' bitch be ' go dowwwnnn ' ~~ igo tpi '' the ' gun , - dead ' at . Rachel , a '' blam ! ' blam ! blam ! '' but the bullet do not . come from gavin 's gun -- ' Rather , they punch into he body , squib - a - fly : ~- gavin go down -- '' u.v. stand there , Officer Cox 's pistol smoking in he hand -- ol a there be a beat . as the gun 's report echo about the bay -- u.v. go to where Rachel be crouch by gavin 's fall form -- gavin can barely speak -- gavin Three time ? you -.hadda shoot I three time -- ? ulv . I be sorry , man ... but -- rachel gavin -- gavin I remember the day when I be the leader . now it 's stevie Boy . I wonder where he ali take you ? I wonder where you 'o go ? I gotta tell you : you make some twisced family -- gavin cough a little blcod . his eye lose they light . ww ) nece of I ever get trent reznor -= ( peat ; he ccugh ) : wow , maybe I be come ' around be 04 but gavin die . j.v. and Rachel bow they head . they . he help Rachel to she feec . tee steve c'mon '' > ~ Rachel and '' Rachel '' get . into the cab. of ' che '' Steve look at gavin 's fall ' e5em " a beat > devon teve slide : behind : the wheely - oftey he the truck . 's and they drive onto the tery , as we a tv reporter . do she " stand -upper " to the side of a int . crowded auditorium - flash forward - night cameras film the on-stage doing ... tv reporter $ diminish conside the " : thank - you , Joan . I be here at . New _ York 's madison Hall , where we have a winner in this year 's all -american spell bee ... here 's hér win word ... tape be rolled - we see - the moderator ... moderator ... the last word , for the win , be " phlegm . " and a tiny girl stand , face the moderator ( we only see she from behind ) . " we have a girl ( 0.s. ) } " phlegm . " P. H. L. e.g. M. " phlegm . " and the crowd go crazy ... and the moderator cry winner ... " and a new angle reveal - little Shannon . victorious at 1 “y Steve go . ' to i ucwmeng™ the blue haze of the lonely " e861 " " bet or . and she look int the camera . and give we ct and we ext . cradle say - the ferry - night u.v. at the helm ... the ferry chuff out into . the water ... and once again we bump cinderella 's " come Home " with i open cry of " I take a walk down a : road / it '! mean to stay / T see the fire in you . eye / but make he way . , wee ~ as Steve , Rachel and Lindsay . watch . ' the isiana va horizon -- and the ferry cross the. water . leave cradle Bay . forever .