disturbia written by Christopher landon revise by Carl ellsworth March 2006 over black : kale ( v.o. ) ( tense ) do you think he see we ? jeff ( v.o. ) no , he can not see we . but he feel we watch . fade in : deep blue water fill the frame . and there ... a few foot beneath the surface ... something shimmer in the sunlight . as ripple dissipate , we make out the shape of a bright yellow crankbait wait patiently for its prey on the end of a 10 - pound line . we hold on this for another silent beat ... then -- a huge black bass suddenly swoops into frame , circle the bait ! on kale brecht ( 17 ) and he dad , jeff brecht ( 45 ) both startle at the sight . kale , a clean - cut all - american kid , reflexively yank back on he rod and reel . kale whoa , do you see that thing ? kale anxiously wind the spool -- jeff settle down , slow it down ... Jeff lightly put he hand on kale 's , slow the cranking to a slight , steady pull as we widen to reveal they stand near the stern of they 16 - foot bassmaster . we be ... 1 ext . bishop lake - day 1 the undisturbed beauty of nature serve as we backdrop as we move closer to kale and Jeff , take note of they t- shirt : Jeff 's have a silkscreen cartoon rendition of a bass wear aviator goggle with mount missile on its fin . beneath it , the slogan : " weapon of bass destruction . " the fish on kale 's shirt wear a stock car uniform , a single word across the bottom : basscar . as Jeff steady kale 's hand and pull away : jeff you do not want to scare he off . you have get he attention , now just play with he . tease he a little . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 2 . 1 continued : 1 kale and Jeff watch the water in anxious silence ... kale inching the line back toward the boat . one more crank , then -- the black bass suddenly attack the lure with a tremendous slosh of he tail ! kale Holy shit ! jeff it 's all you , kale , keep cranking ! kale crank fast and furious . but this be one fish that 's go down fight . kale I need reinforcement ! Jeff move in , grab the rod and reel from behind kale . jeff heave , laddie ! they pull . the rod curl under the weight . jeff ( cont 'd ) ( pirate accent ) give it all ya get , mate , or you be gonna lose he ! kale ( laugh ; pull ; struggle ) dad , you pirate -- impersonation -- suck !! jeff how would ya know , have ya ever meet one ? I doubt it -- the bass sloshes furiously around the bait , now just a few foot from the boat ! kale he 's freakin ' pull we in ! jeff ( laugh ) never ! no brecht have ever -- lose a fight -- to a fish ! the bass suddenly snap free . the line go limp . Jeff and kale lose they balance , nearly fall backward . then -- ( continued ) d.j. caruso 3. 1 continued : ( 2 ) 1 all become silent save for Jeff and kale 's heavy breathe . kale wind the empty line back to the boat , shoot a glance to Jeff , then throw the rod aside in mock disgust . Jeff take a seat in the captain 's chair . jeff ( cont 'd ) throw I a -- kale be already in the cooler . he throw Jeff a Coke . both sit in silence for a beat . then -- jeff ( cont 'd ) hey , at least the weather 's great ... we be spend quality time together . kale ( grab pole ) that fish be go down . jeff ( not miss a beat ) let 's nab the bastard . they both cast they line -- 2 ext . highway 395 - northern sierra mountain - evening 2 a amber glow set the mountainside ablaze as Jeff 's suv wind through the serpentine pass . 3 int . suv - evening - continuous - moving 3 Jeff drive . kale 's on he cell : kale ( cont would ) ( into phone as need ) hey mom , it 's we . listen , fire up the grill ' cause the bassmaster be head home ! Jeff slap kale five as he veer the suv into the leave lane , pass a slow - move pathfinder ... intercut with : 4 int . kale' house - kitchen - day - continuous 4 kale 's attractive mom , julie , 40 , on cordless , prep dinner . julie you be kid . so I can actually put the burger away this time ? kale yes , be go with the red meat ! ( continued ) d.j. caruso 4. 4 continued : 4 Julie smile . Jeff grab the phone from kale . jeff ( into phone as need ) we be have fish for a week . kale smile as a lincoln navigator pick - up zoom past in the right lane , swerve back in the leave lane in front of they . jeff ( cont 'd ) ( over the above ) I would say a hour . Love you , too . Jeff flip the phone shut , toss it to kale . they exchange smile . a silent moment pass . they both turn to face the road as -- the navigator pick - up suddenly swerve back into the right lane , revealing a stall mini - van directly in front of they ! kale dad -- Jeff instinctively reach he arm in front of kale as he swing the wheel hard right and slam on the brake . but it 's not in time . the suv clip the mini-van 's right rear bumper , smashing it into the leave lane concrete barricade . the suv spin into the right lane where that slow-moving pathfinder suddenly broadside it with such force that it flip the suv up and over . it tumble off the highway , barrel into ... 5 ext . vacant cliffside pulloff / viewing area - evening - cont 5 a couple of final , metal - crunching flip send the suv 's undercarriage crashing to a violent stop on top of a rickety wood beam - mount guardrail . a silent beat . then -- steam billow from the hood ... 6 inside the suv 6 airbag deflate . Dust settles . blood stream from Jeff 's hairline . his eye flutter open . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 5 . 6 continued : 6 he look up to kale , strapped in the passenger seat , unconscious . a small gash on he forehead . we only see blue sky through kale 's shattered passenger window . jeff kale ? -- kale , be you okay ? kale open he eye . Jeff reach up , touch kale 's face . kale I think so . kale look down at he dad -- he eye widen in horror , not only at the sight of Jeff , but of the ravine beneath they -- for this brief moment , we may have think the suv be stable . but we crane back up and out kale' passenger window to reveal a much grimmer reality : the suv be perched lengthwise on top of the guardrail at a 45 - degree downward angle . the suv 's right front and rear tire precariously grip the rail , keep it from plunging 500 foot to the ravine below . 7 back inside the suv 7 kale oh my God , dad -- -- Jeff 's leg be trap beneath the crumpled dashboard . jeff I be fine . but you be gonna have to climb out , kale . can you do that ? kale 's hand shake from the SHOCK as he finger search for the seatbelt buckle . but the shoulder strap be locked in place , prevent kale from turn . he tug it furiously . kale I can not -- it will not give -- jeff that 's okay , I have get it -- grab the door , I do not need you ass fall on my face -- kale reach up , grip the outside of the door as jeff' hand shakily reach to kale 's seatbelt buckle and press . kale 's belt snap loose . kale 's body drop , but he hang on to the window -- just as a guardrail beam snap loose from its foundation ! ( continued ) d.j. caruso 6 . 7 continued : 7 the suv rock violently as the guardrail start to bend and peel away from the cliffside under the suv 's weight . 8 inside the suv - jeff 8 reach up , grab kale 's leg and push , help kale climb out the window . 9 outside the suv - kale 9 slowly slide down the outside of the door , then turn around on he chest , reach he hand back down to Jeff -- kale dad , here -- Jeff reach up as a section of guardrail rivet a few inch behind the suv 's rear bumper suddenly pop loose . the guardrail snap in two ! kale scream , hang on for dear life as the guardrail and suv swing out and over the ravine . the guardrail be buckle fast . another beam rip free of its foundation -- kale slide a few more inch down the door and right front fender allow he feet to find the edge of the founder rail underneath . have at least some foot , kale reach back inside -- kale ( cont 'd ) dad , please , you can do it -- Jeff unbuckle he belt and reach up . kale summon he strength , grab Jeff 's wrist , pull he up and through the passenger window just as the suv fall away ! Jeff 's weight pull kale down . kale 's foot slip off the rail . kale slam chest down , he torso wrapping around the top of the rail , foot dangle ... but he 's still clutching Jeff 's wrist as the suv crash into the ravine in a mushroom cloud of dust and debris . jeff' wrist slip from kale 's grasp . kale struggle to hang on , but he 's lose the battle and the balance act . and he know it . tear well in kale 's eye . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 7. 9 continued : 9 jeff kale , you have to climb up -- kale no -- I be not leave -- jeff kale -- another guardrail beam uproot -- kale no -- dad , please , I have get you -- jeff ( with a slight smile ) I know -- cu - Jeff 's leave hand enter frame , clasp kale 's . another beat of eye on eye . the guardrail continue to buckle . then -- Jeff start to pry kale' hand away -- Jeff 's arm release from kale' grip . kale open he mouth to scream as a shrill bell ring ! 10 int . morrow high school - hallway - day 10 on the ringing bell . student disappear into they respective classroom . as the corridor quiet down ... super : one year later ronnie ( v.o. ) ronnie ( cont 'd ) ( prelap ) ( subtitles as need ) este verano , despué this summer , after visit de visitar Hawaii , Hawaii , I will perhaps quizh visitaré a mis visit my grandparent in abuelos en corea . Korea . 11 int . classroom - day - continuous 11 on ronnie yun , 16 , a scrawny Korean kid with a knack for perfect Spanish , stand at the front give he speech . note : every time ronnie say " quizh " ( " perhaps " ) the class giggle because it sound a lot like " kiss -ass . " the teacher , senor gutierrez , a rotund 50 , bad comb-over and khakis up to he naval , stand off to the side , quickly pick up on ronnie 's excessive and increasingly dramatic use of the word . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 8. 11 continued : 11 ronnie ronnie ( cont 'd ) quizh no . quizh perhaps I will not . perhaps apenas permaneceré en I will just stay at home . el pat . pero quizh but perhaps my parent mis padre tomarán la will take pity on I . compasión en mi. ( more dramatic ) ( more dramatic ) perhaps they will make my quizh harán mis sueño dream a reality ! perhaps una realidad ! quizh they will take I to a I llevarán a una playa beach on the french riviera en la riviera francesa so that I may gaze upon de modo que pueda mirar the natural beauty of its sobre la belleza natural female inhabitant . de sus habitantes femenino ... over this , only one girl , minnie tyco , a rail - thin blonde , pick up on this : minnie tyco ( under she breath ) keep dream , perv . ronnie ronnie ( cont 'd ) ( longingly ) perhaps ... thank you . quizh ... gracias . the class laugh , clap . ronnie bow , head to he seat . sr gutierrez sr gutierrez ( cont 'd ) gracias , ronnie . quizh thank you , ronnie . perhaps le daré una " F . " I will give you a " F . " the class laugh again . gutierrez shake he head , zero in on the student behind ronnie . sleep with he arm fold on he desk , a grey hoodie pull over he head . senor gutierrez senor brecht ... senor gutierrez take some chalk , flick it at the kid . he still do not budge . ronnie nudge he . ronnie dude -- the kid stir , raise he head . the hoodie fall away to reveal kale . long , dishevel hair . the spark in he eye 's be replace with a empty haze . senor gutierrez so kale , think you can stay conscious long enough to tell we you plan for the three wondrous summer month ahead ? ( continued ) d.j. caruso 9 . 11 continued : ( 2 ) 11 kale glance around . all eye on he . he look at ronnie who nod in support . kale get up , head to the front of the class . he pause . try to focus . then -- kale este invierno -- the class chuckle . senor gutierrez ( correct ) verano ... kale este verano -- voy a -- senor gutierrez '' qué ? kale shut he eye , frustrated at the interruption . senor gutierrez , also lose patience , step closer to kale . sr gutierrez sr gutierrez ( cont 'd ) '' qué usted va a hacer ? ( subtitle ) what be you go to do ? kale I do not know , alright ? I have not get that far . senor gutierrez do you do the homework or not ? kale ( no eye contact ) guess not . senor gutierrez ( in kale 's face ) you " guess " not . I do not know who you think you be or who you think you be deal with . you can not give I a straight answer , fine , give I one good reason why I should not fail you right now ? kale clock gutierrez . 12 int . juvenile courtroom - day 12 on senor gutierrez - display a black eye , sit next to the school 's principal and counselor in a single row of seat behind the attorney ' table . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 10 . 12 continued : 12 kale , a little more clean up , wear a suit , sit between Julie and he defense attorney . Julie , noticeably tired , glance at she son , she expression a fusion of anger and sympathy . kale 's eye shift she way , but he head never turn . the judge mull over he note ... judge okay , Mr. brecht ... kale 's lawyer prompt he to stand . judge ( cont 'd ) you be six month shy of eighteen , that mean the assault - two charge you have ple guilty to carry a max of one year in juvey . with this prior , you be up to three . the judge let that sink in . kale remain silent . judge ( cont 'd ) but lose a parent be not easy . which be why I be sentencing you to three month house arrest . Julie close she eye in relief . judge ( cont 'd ) you can thank you counselor and lawyer later . Mr. brecht , I just cut you a break . do not test I . the judge tap he gavel . 13 int . kale' house - kitchen - day 13 a pair of hand wrap a electronic monitoring bracelet around kale 's leave ankle . wider to reveal the hand belong to kale 's case officer , janet parker , 35 , no -nonsense . kale 's perch on the center island . Julie watch from the b.g . as parker click the bracelet 's buckle into place , a GREEN LED light illuminate . it 's on the top edge of the bracelet' band so kale can easily see it if he look down . next to this light be a additional red light that be not on . parker ( make final check ) okay , you ... be all set ... to go nowhere . ( be : the LED light ) now , green mean you be good , you be in the safe zone which cover about ( more ) ( continued ) d.j. caruso 11 . 13 continued : 13 parker ( cont 'd ) a sixty - foot radius from this guy here . parker point to a big black box ( the central tracking unit ) on the kitchen counter . parker ( cont 'd ) he 's like a modem . he get a constant signal from Mr. bracelet that he send through you phone line to the monitoring station downtown . so they know where you be , where you have be and what you be thinkin ' 25 / 7 . julie what if he accidentally go beyond -- parker ( anticipate ; be : red light on bracelet ) Red light flash . means you have get about ten second to get you butt back to green , or else -- kale the execution squad show up ? parker and they do not bring blindfold . it 's also tamper proof and waterproof . so do not try stick you foot in a bucket of water and hopping across the line . it will not work , and you will look stupid . now , I will be check up on you a lot . here 's my card -- you be set up to pay he incarceration fee , Ms. brecht ? julie Automatic withdrawal . ( to kale ) twelve buck every day . parker ( be : a booklet ) everything else be in the manual . ( make she way out ) oh , except this -- House arrest might sound like a breeze , but trust I , I have see all kind of folk get a bit loopy before too long , some after just a day or two . so make sure you find lot of constructive thing to keep yourself busy . d.j. caruso 12 . 14 int . kale' bedroom - night - later 14 kale sit in he video game chair , wear he X - box live headset , play halo 2 -- he 's on the final " boss level . " gunfire and explosion blare over he stereo speaker . kale ( into headset as need ) hobby , you read I ? I say come around my leave flank and draw he fire -- damn straight I be try to get you smoke , you have be hide behind my ass the whole game -- the tv screen suddenly glitch . kale ( cont 'd ) hobby , jet , you guy still there ? the screen go black . the XBOX live logo appear along with the word : server error . kale throw the headset aside , make sure all the wire be connect . check the tv screen . same thing . kale glare at the screen another beat , then get up , wander out of he room ... 15 int . entry hall - night - continuous 15 kale slowly head down the stair , round the corner into ... 16 int . kale' house - kitchen - night - continuous 16 kale run into Julie who wear a black blouse and slack , the require uniform of the steakhouse she work at . she 's just throw a couple of microwave dinner on the kitchen table . she 's scramble around , eat a couple bite , gather she thing ... julie dinner 's on the table . I be close at the restaurant the next few night . could be some late one , but hey ... the extra tip could not hurt . kale sit at the table , pick through he food . julie ( cont 'd ) ( glance around ) where 's my apron ... apron ... she head o.s. for a beat , come back in with she apron and purse , set they on the counter . eye she watch , sit at the table , take a couple more quick bite . then -- ( continued ) d.j. caruso 13 . 16 continued : 16 julie ( cont 'd ) you wanna talk about anything ? kale I get nothin' . julie y'know , when we be finally free of all this legal stuff with the accident , the other family ' lawyer ... there might be a little insurance money leave ... maybe you should go back and see Dr. Phillips ? kale what , so he can tell I I be add , have ptsd , and severe iad ? julie iad ? kale ( mess with bracelet ) freakin ' irritate ankle disorder . Julie can not help but crack a little smile : julie well , that one could have be avoid . kale look back up . he 's not smile . whatever chance we have of a lighter conversation pan out here quickly fizzle . another beat , then -- Julie push she chair back , head to the counter , grab she apron and purse . julie ( cont 'd ) ( head out ) do the dish . ( plead ) please ? Julie leave . kale glance around the kitchen . a mess of dirty dish , stack of paper ... screw that . 17 int . kale' bedroom - night - later 17 kale , look dishevel and very perplex , now have he tv pull out from the wall . he 's behind it , meticulously check and re-connect all the wire and ethernet cable . carefully study the manual as he go . he blow on the halo 2 CD , wipe it down with he sweatshirt , gently put it in the tray , give we the idea this might not be he first attempt at this . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 14 . 17 continued : 17 he power up the Xbox , grab a controller ... so far , so good ... he scroll through the screen , a little hope return ... server error . kale throw a mini-fit , slam the controller to the floor . rip the controller cord out of the XBOX -- 18 int . kale' bedroom - the next morning 18 a few stray beam of sunlight pierce the blind . otherwise , it 's a tomb . clothes strewn everywhere . we track across the floor and a virtual debris field of junk food bag , wrapper , Mountain Dew can ... find kale in bed , ankle and bracelet stick out from the sheet , arm hang over the side -- 19 int . kitchen - morning 19 still a mess as we find kale , hair dishevel , rummage through the cabinet . lot of costco-size box : cracker , pringles ... a huge BOX of twinkies . kale spot a jar of peanut butter . he grab the nearest bowl , pull a bottle of hershey 's syrup from the fridge , pour it all into the bowl . he 's about to throw the syrup bottle in the trash when something in the bottom of the can catch he eye . he reach in , pull out a bill for XBOX live : subscription canceled . 20 int . live room - morning - moment later 20 kale lounge in on the couch watch " the price be right " as he spoon the peanut butter from the jar , dip it in the bowl of chocolate syrup , devour it . bring up a two -liter of Mountain Dew , take a big swig to wash it down . kale ( to contestant on tv ) c'mon , bid a dollar , one dollar -- contestant ( on tv ) I will bid one dollar , Bob . kale belch as he raise he spoon , salute the screen . then , after a beat , a look of grave concern cross he face -- 21 int . 2 nd FL hall outside bathroom - day 21 the toilet flush o.s. kale open the door , lean against the frame , spend . he stand there a beat , absorb the silence of the house . he eye a door at the end of the hall . 22 int . 2 nd FL hall outside dad be office - day - second later 22 cu - the doorknob . kale 's hand enter frame , slowly turn it . click . kale push . the door creak open to reveal ( continued ) d.j. caruso 15 . 22 continued : 22 dad' office hardwood floor . ornate , cherry wood desk . plush leather chair . quiet . on the desk -- dad 's read glass sit on a stack of papers next to a antique typewriter . the wall -- adorn with frame , poster - size cover of dad 's book - non-fiction , true account title : whistleblower - the Inside Story of a Real corporate insider ; the senator' shadow : how eight Men conspire to Control one . on another wall -- a family portrait of Jeff , Julie , and kale - age six ; Jeff at a book signing , smile wide ... kale take it all in from the doorway . his foot never once cross into the room . his eye say everything . loss , anger , regret . he gently pull the door shut . 23 int . kale' bedroom - that night 23 kale sample some rap clip on I - tune . like what he 's hearing . on the screen - kale move the cursor to " buy song . " the account screen pop up . kale type he password . after a beat , bold red letter pop up : " the apple id or password you entered be invalid or incorrect ... " kale type it again . same thing . then -- like we all do to be sure , kale type he password at a rate of one key per second . same thing . kale fume , smell a rat . 24 int . kale' bedroom - day later 24 the shade be draw . kale 's door be close . find kale look utterly miserable , loung in bed watch " bikini destination " on hd net . Julie enter wear a business suit and name badge emblazon with the re / max logo . kale quickly change the channel to the local news . julie ( head to the window ) more trash tv ? news anchor ( on tv ) ... thirty - three year old Patricia walsh be last see three night ago ... kale ( innocently ) News . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 16 . 24 continued : 24 kale point to the tv show a photo of a smile patricia walsh , vibrant , flowing red hair - " missing " key in underneath . Julie shoot he a look , then rip open the blind . sunlight pour in . she gather trash off the floor . julie the lawyer 's send some papers over . kale and you point be ? julie ( head o.s. ) I have get two open house , you have gotta sign for they . that 's the point . kale you cancel my Xbox subscription . julie ( o.s. ) I - tune , too . ( then ) you know what else I be cancel ? kale turn to Julie who suddenly drop a pile of kale 's clothes on the floor in front of he . julie ( cont 'd ) maid service . ( off kale ) sorry , you be a felon . and we be break . I can not do it all , anymore , kale . this be not gonna be vacation as usual . I want this wash and the kitchen clean by the time I get home . kale that might be difficult . julie well let I make it easier . Julie go to the tv , unplugs it . kale that 's a little dramatic , be not it ? I be just gonna plug it back -- Julie suddenly yank a pair of scissors off kale 's desk and snip the power cord in half . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 17 . 24 continued : ( 2 ) 24 kale ( cont 'd ) what be you , mental ? julie ( a very stern tone ) one more look at that kitchen and I will be . Julie pick up she key and briefcase , peck kale on the forehead , leave . julie ( o.s. ) ( cont 'd ) you hear what I say about the lawyer ? kale yes ! 25 int . laundry room - day - later 25 kale furiously stuff clothes in the washer , blindly crank the knob , press start . 26 int . kitchen - day - later 26 kale shovel dish and glass into the dishwasher , break a couple as he go . he pour half the box of cascade in the dispenser , kick the door up and close , crank the knob . 27 int . kale' bedroom - day - later 27 kale sit on he bed , stare into space . he eye the clock . tick tick tick ... we hear kide playing in the STREET o.s . kale glance out the window . he Pov - kid on bike , neighbor out on walk ... ahh ... the sight and sound of summer ... and kale 's not invite . he glare down at he ankle bracelet . it glare back . 28 int . kale' bedroom - day - later 28 kale sit on the floor as he spread a line of elmer 's glue across the bottom of a twinkie . he 's just complete the first couple of floor of what will be ... twinkie tower . 29 int . kale' bedroom - day 29 kale , on cell , sit in he video game chair painting he toe nail . kale ( into phone as need ) dammit , ronnie , I be lose my mind . ( more ) ( continued ) d.j. caruso 18 . 29 continued : 29 kale ( cont 'd ) give I some detail , what 's happen out there ? ronnie ( v.o. ) ( phone filter ; party sound in the b.g. ) dude , the chick here in oahu rock the houusse ! oh my god , this one be totally show I she kite board . belay that , she be not point at I . look , kale , I have gotta hop -- kale wait , ronnie -- hello ? kale toss the phone and the nail polish aside . sit there in silence for a beat . then eye a racketball on the floor . pick it up . start mindlessly bounce it against the wall ... and keep bounce it ... and keep bounce it ... hard CUT to : 30 int . kale' bedroom - day - later 30 kale recline in he chair , now furiously swatting the racketball against the wall -- with a racket . we pull back to reveal scuff mark on the wall and ceiling where kale have figure out the exact point to hit it allow he to bounce the ball off multiple wall and return it perfectly to he hand . he swat it ... and swat it ... 31 int . kale' bedroom - day - still later 31 kale 's pass out in he chair , the racket still in he hand . he 's about to fall out of the chair when a loud bang o.s. jolt he awake . 32 int . 2 nd floor hallway / window - day - second later 32 kale go to the window , tilt he head , try to see where the noise be come from . kale' Pov - he 's able to make out some bit of movement next door , but he view be obstructed by the architecture of he house . kale step back from the window , study it a beat -- then open it , slowly stick he head out . he Pov - a u-haul truck come into view . it 's back into the driveway next door . alan norris , 43 , appear from inside the truck 's cab , carry a move box . he hand it down to he wife , bonnie , 42 , who walk back in the house . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 19 . 32 continued : 32 kale 's about to pull he head in when another person come out of the move truck . she 's carry a box that 's obscure she face as she carefully negotiate the incline of the move truck 's ramp . but she blonde hair and perfect leg look to be about 17 . we will soon know she as ashley , the norris ' daughter . she reach the end of the ramp . bend over to retrieve another smaller box , she back and ass to kale who stare in utter disbelief . Ashley stack the box , pick they up and head into the house , she face still a mystery . kale watch she go . mesmerized . suddenly , the doorbell ring o.s. kale snap to , yank he head back in -- and kerbong it on the underside of the window . he drop to the floor . kale goddammit ! kale stagger to he foot ... 33 int . entry hall - day - second later 33 more doorbell ringing . kale head down the stair to the front door . kale I be come !! kale swing the door open to see -- a burning paper bag on the welcome mat . 34 ext . kale' house - front porch - day - continuous 34 kale instinctively stomp on it with he socked feet ! kale oh shit ! shit water shit ! kale frantically hop around , look for a hose , bucket , anything wet -- but the flame be already out . kale look down , finally realize this -- but there 's another problem -- he sock be smother in slimy dog shit . we hear giggling o.s. kale glance up as two neighborhood brat on bike emerge from they hide place behind a shrub across the street . they high five each other . brat # 1 what a retard ! kale glare -- then head down the step into ... d.j. caruso 20 . 35 ext . kale' yard - day - continuous 35 kale walk briskly , menacingly toward they -- kale you think that 's funny ? the brat grow more concerned , back away as kale draw closer -- brat # 2 what be you gonna do , kill we like you teacher ? kale charge they ! kale not before I shove this shit up you ass ! the brat pedal away . kale race through the sprinkler , crossing he yard into the far corner of Ashley 's , try to cut the brat off as they race down ... 36 ext . STREET - day - continuous 36 the chase be on . kale increase he speed . almost catch up to they -- brat # 2 ( terrify to brat # 1 ) dude , you say he could not leave he house !! kale overhear , stop cold . he glance to the ankle bracelet : flashing red light . kale shit ! kale race back down the street , he shit-stain foot leave track as he go . he cut through Ashley 's yard again , yell at the bracelet all the way -- kale ( cont 'd ) turn green turn green turn green ... kale race by ashley' parent , leap back into ... ext . kale' front yard - day - continuous he look at the bracelet . still flashing red . he hop up and down as the sprinkler stream approach he from behind . kale ( cont 'd ) no , c'mon , I be way inside , turn green -- ( continued ) d.j. caruso 21 . 36 continued : 36 he spin back toward the house , run smack into the stream , trip on the sprinkler , fall on he face . now he foot 's tangle in the sprinkler . spray water all over he . kale 's foot jiggle the sprinkler free . he then see the ankle bracelet : GREEN light . kale ( cont 'd ) yes ! that 's what I be talk about ! he gaze over : ashley' parent , each with a moving BOX , stand there , jaw dropped . both take a nervous step backward as ashley step out the front door . freezes at the sight of the sopping wet , shit - and -grass -stain kale . kale lock eye with she . then smile and wave . kale ( cont 'd ) it 's cool , I be all green . then -- siren wail . kale turn to the street : two police car screech to a stop . kale lose the smile . parker ( v.o. ) ( phone filter prelap ) kale , calm down , the officer be probably in the neighborhood already . 37 int . kale' bedroom - evening 37 on kale - pace , on cell phone , press a ice- fill Ziplock back to he head . kale ( into phone as need ) okay , fine , but if I would know -- parker ( v.o. ) kale , first time happen . the officer know that . but next time they will take you to jail . kale flip the phone shut , collapse to the bed -- prelap - the doorbell ring . 38 int . kale' house - entry hall - that night 38 kale , he louisville slugger firmly in hand , groggily head to the door , swing it open . courier . with papers . courier hi , I be from mcneill - Stewart law firm , drop off for Ms. Julie -- over this , kale yank the envelope away , slam the door in the guy 's face . kale head away . the doorbell ring . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 22 . 38 continued : 38 kale open the door , grab the courier 's clipboard , sign he name , slam the door even harder . 39 ext . kale' back yard - the next day 39 on kale' feet - enter frame , inching they way through the yard ... on the bracelet - the green light suddenly go out , red light flash . kale 's foot quickly step back . GREEN light . a beat , then -- a smiling garden gnome slam down into frame . wider - kale tie kite string around the gnome 's hat , then unspool it across the yard to a wait croquet mallet already hammer into the ground . he pull the string taut and tie it off . we pull back to reveal kale 's emerge kite string perimeter -- a crude semi - circular arc around the yard tie off at different point use makeshift " stake " -- gnome , mallet , shovel , screwdriver ... 40 ext . kale' front yard - day - short time later 40 same " boundary construction " here . kale shove a screwdriver into the ground a few foot shy of he mailbox . he tie some string to it as he glance over to the other neighbor ' ( the pilch 's ) yard , see they black labra- doodle watch he . kale hey doggie , come here ... the dog trot toward kale . it almost reach he outstretch hand when it suddenly get zapped by the underground electric fence . it yelp away . spin back around , sit and stare . kale ( cont 'd ) ( be : he ankle bracelet ) hey , you and I both . over kale' shoulder in the b.g . - ashley lift more box from the back of they station wagon . she set they on the drive , slam the liftgate . kale turn around . Ashley throw he a quick glance , then head around the back of she house . kale stare after she . 41 int . 2 nd FL hall outside dad' office - day 41 cu - the doorknob . kale 's hand enter frame , slowly turn it . click . kale push . d.j. caruso 23 . 42 int . dad be office - day - continuous 42 kale stand in the doorway . he take a moment , consider what he 's about to do . then -- he foot step inside . he go to the window , gently pull the blind up to reveal the back of ashley' house he peer down , see Ashley and she mom stand by the swim pool . Ashley disappear through the back door . kale tilt he head up , curiously gaze through the pair of OPEN window on the second floor of Ashley 's house . he Pov - ashley' bedroom unmade bed , stack of open move box , poster frame wait to be hang ... kale squint , step closer . ashley enter the room . digging clothes from box , stuff they in she dresser , then -- she pull she hair back , yank off she t-shirt , revealing a black bra . on kale - he continue to watch as Ashley dig a towel out of a move box , and , with she back to we , pull off the bra and disappear into the bathroom . off kale -- CUT to : 43 int . kale' house - entry hall - day 43 the front door swing open to reveal ronnie , dv camera in hand . he 's wear aviator shade , half a dozen leis and a hawaiian shirt . ronnie ( hula dance ) aloooha senor ka -- dude , you look like hell . reverse angle to reveal kale - now with a patchy stubble , wear a bathrobe and a shrunken t-shirt that use to be white but be now light pink . he hold he bat in one hand , quart of haagen daz in the other . he smile , hug ronnie . tight -- and not let go -- 44 int . 2 nd FL hallway / window - day - moment later 44 kale lead ronnie up the stair and to the window ... ronnie seriously man , you need some sun . ( more ) ( continued ) d.j. caruso 24 . 44 continued : 44 ronnie ( cont 'd ) ( be : dv cam ) hey , I have gotta show you this . maui chick rule . kale ( anxious ) I have get something to show you , too . ( then ; slightly craze ) I mean ... there 's such structure to it , so many layer , but it 's invisible if you be not look close enough ... ronnie what be you talk about ? kale the world right outside the window . kale gesture out the window . ronnie look out . they peer down to the pilch 's backyard . a Ford escort be in the drive . besides that , all 's quiet . ronnie -- fascinating . kale ( eyeing he watch ) just wait ... and ... ( then ) Three ... two ... one ... dog ... the pilch 's dog dart out the back door -- then -- kale ( cont 'd ) ... Mrs. pilch ... say goodbye to lonnie ... ronnie husband ? kale ( shaking a " no " ) maid . over the above , Mrs. pilch , wear a unflatter tennis skirt , exit the house . the dog hop around she as she wave back to she heavy set , male may , lonnie , 35 . kale ( cont 'd ) four o'clock every Thursday , she go to the country club to play tennis with Betty Big - Bangs there . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 25 . 44 continued : ( 2 ) 44 kale and ronnie watch as Mrs. pilch head down the walkway , meet she rail - thin 50 - ish female tennis partner at the curb . as they walk away , the dog try to follow but get zapped by the electric fence and yelp back into the house . kale ( cont 'd ) and ... lady disappear ... cue white mercede ... Mr. pilch ... arrive from the office ... a white mercede pull in the driveway . mr. pilch , 63 , get out , carry briefcase and flower . ronnie great , that still do not explain why you be in a bathrobe at four in the afternoon . kale ( pull ronnie closer ) will you just look -- ronnie dude , he 's gonna see -- kale he can not . we do not have any light on . plus the angle 's sharper from ground level , it only seem like he could see we . I do the math . ronnie oh , you do the math . kale optical illusion , line - of -sight do not apply to the subject . ronnie kale -- kale now tilt you gaze up ... ronnie and kale' Pov - tilting up to the pilch bedroom window - lonnie vacuum as Mr. pilch enter the room behind he . Mr. pilch flip off the light switch , cut the power to the vacuum . lonnie startles , turn around , see pilch stand there with the flower and a big smile . a beat , then -- lonnie jump in pilch 's arm , kissing he passionately . ronnie damn !! ( continued ) d.j. caruso 26 . 44 continued : ( 3 ) 44 kale slap he hand over ronnie 's mouth . ronnie pull away , reach in he pocket , yank out he asthma inhaler and take a hit . then -- ronnie ( cont 'd ) ( be : hallway and window ) seal this area off , kale . kale c'mon , there 's more . ronnie what , I go to maui , you become a stalker ? kale no , stalking 's for psychos . this be just simple observation ... natural side effect of chronic boredom . as kale head away : ronnie ( plead ) find you passion , kale . 45 int . kale' bedroom - day 45 kale lead ronnie to the window . ronnie take in the mess in kale 's room -- the scuff mark on the wall , the complete twinkie tower . he glance to the desk , see a pencile geometric diagram of kale 's line - of - sight spying theory -- shit , kale be not lie -- he do do the math . kale ( point out ) so ... Robert gile ... kale and ronnie' Pov - in the yard across from kale 's back yard , find ROBERT gile , gassing up he lawnmower in the driveway . he 's early 40' , clean - cut , fit , decent look . he close the garage door via remote , then fire up the mower , push it around the side of he house toward the front yard . kale ( cont 'd ) he 's live there a couple of year , but I have never notice he mow he lawn every two day . ronnie huh , I guess he like he grass short . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 27 . 45 continued : 45 kale next to he be Judy thorp . dude , she freakin ' sneak over to she neighbor ' every morning , steal they newspaper , I guess read it or swipe the coupon , then put it back before they even wake up . ronnie ( sarcastic ) no shit ? ( weirdly eyeing kale who head out ) people . you never can tell this day . 46 int . 2 nd FL hall outside dad be office - day - moment later 46 kale slowly push on the door . it creak open . kale tilt he head , listen . then -- splash !! kale smile . ronnie what be that ? 47 int . dad be office - day - continuous 47 kale lead ronnie to the window . kale last stop on the tour . kale and ronnie' Pov - ashley swim underwater the length of the pool . she finally surface in all she two - piece glory . ronnie oh -- my -- God . who be she ? they watch as Ashley step out of the pool , towel off . she pull she bikini from she butt , lie in the lounge chair . kale do not know . ronnie what 's stop you ?! off kale , consider -- 48 ext . kale' front yard - the next day 48 on kale - now clean -shaven , sit on the front step . he eye he watch , then stretch he neck . yawn . then he see something o.s . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 28 . 48 continued : 48 kale' Pov - peer down the street , Ashley 's stationwagon round the corner -- kale hop to he foot , quickly fix he hair as the stationwagon draw closer . kale casually stride into the yard , approach the kite string boundary and mailbox . then -- keep he foot plant in what look to be a very practice maneuver , he suddenly fall forward against the mailbox . reaches around with he free hand , open the door , go to grab the mail inside just as ashley pull the car into and up the drive . she glance at kale who nod and smile back . as the stationwagon head up the driveway , kale try to push himself upright -- but he foot slip . he pitch forward more . he glance back over he shoulder , see Ashley get out of the car and look he way . kale struggle under he own weight , try to keep he foot from crossing the line -- he look back to Ashley who 's now head toward he . a slight smile cross kale 's face as -- ashley can I help you ? kale nope , no I be fine . ashley ( help he up ) too late . kale thanks , that be really humiliate . Ashley reach in the box , grab the mail , hand it over . ashley please . I think any pride you have leave be go a while ago . kale oh , you mean that thing with the cop ? they have the wrong guy , total foul up . I be kale by the way . Ashley nod with a semi-polite smile , start to head away -- kale ( cont 'd ) hey , so -- how would the move go ? ( continued ) d.j. caruso 29 . 48 continued : ( 2 ) 48 ashley still go . kale I would help , but ... ( be : ankle bracelet ) I be a little spatially challenge at the moment . Ashley walk closer to kale , check out he ankle bracelet . ashley yeah , you have kinda get the whole martha Stewart thing go on -- kale ( nodd ) but minus the 48 - hour allowance for office visit . and no lame " apprentice " spin-off . ( off she laugh ) so where would you move from ? ashley I be a city girl . bear , raise , and now ... ( glance around ; sigh ) forcefully relocate . kale that do not sound good . ashley I be tell you , if I have another clueless jock hit on I or one more soccer mom cut I off in she oversize suv , I be gonna go postal . kale oh , sorry , I be just gonna see if you want to hop in my hummer and cruise to a kegger . ( turn away ) Nice talk to you . ashley ( crack a smile ) wait , I -- bonnie ( o.s. ) ( from inside house ) Ashley ? can you come in here , please ? ( continued ) d.j. caruso 30 . 48 continued : ( 3 ) 48 ashley ( quietly to kale ) my mom -- she 's very polite , always say " please " but she 's get that tone , do you notice ? kale I know the tone . ashley ( head away ) oh , I be Ashley -- kale noticed that , too . Ashley smile , disappear inside . kale 's in love . 49 int . live room - night 49 the wind howl outside . kale sit on the couch flipping channel . Julie 's in the chair , nodd off . on the tv - kale land on that same photo of patricia walsh , the missing redhead we see earlier . news anchor ( on tv ) ... attend a friend 's birthday party at a local nightclub before she be last see alone at a diner outside madison , 50 mile east of here . a waitress say Ms. walsh be pick up around 10:30 p.m. by a unidentified person drive a black 1960 's era mustang that be dent on the leave side and may have -- kale click the tv off -- look over to Julie who 's now sound asleep . kale 's watch alarm suddenly beeps . he quickly shut it off , eye Julie . she stir but do not wake up . kale quietly get up , grab the blanket off the sofa , cover Julie up . he then pick up he soda and bowl of popcorn from the coffee table , head away ... 50 int . dad be office - night - second later 50 kale , immerse in shadow , enter . he quietly pull dad 's leather chair toward the window , position it just right , and sit . kale' Pov - Ashley 's work out to a yoga dvd . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 31 . 50 continued : 50 kale ( to Ashley ) you start without I ? as if eerily on cue , Ashley suddenly stop . kale ( cont 'd ) what be you stop for ? she go to she window and peer out -- kale duck -- he look back up , see Ashley gaze in he direction -- kale 's breathe intensify -- could she actually be see he ? kale ( cont 'd ) ( convincing himself ) no -- ashley turn around , go back to she yoga mat . she take a breath , get back in " the zone , " then -- she slowly raise she arm and bend into a ridiculously sexy pose . kale ( cont 'd ) whoa . kale watch Ashley another couple of beat . then she dad appear in the doorway . look piss . kale lean closer -- Ashley stop the dvd . from she body language , she 's clearly annoyed at the interruption . the scene quickly devolve into a heat argument . but Ashley 's dad get the last word in and leave . Ashley slam the door behind he , flip off the tv , storm in the bathroom and slam that door , too . kale watch the vacant room ... wait ... another beat , then -- Ashley emerge from the bathroom with a box of tissue . she sit on she bed , pull three tissue from the box , stare off ... from this angle , it almost look as if she eye could meet kale 's at any moment . kale instinctively lower himself in the chair , he eye never leave she ... then -- with a huge gust of howling wind we smash to : 51 int . dad be office - night - later 51 kale snap awake . breathe hard . bad dream . he sit up , peer across to Ashley 's window . Dark , shade pull . kale pull himself out of the chair ... 52 int . kale' bedroom - night - short time later 52 kale enter , grab he PSP and fall back to the bed . as he start play , headlight beam appear from o.s . he glance out the window : ( continued ) d.j. caruso 32 . 52 continued : 52 kale' Pov - a black 1965 mustang convertible pull in gile ' driveway . kale go back to play the PSP , then suddenly stop -- kale ( realize ) -- mustang -- kale hop up , head to the window -- kale' Pov - kale watch as gile hop out , leave the car run as he head inside the house . after a beat , the MAIN garage door raise up . gile appear , ducking underneath , head back to the mustang , get in . gile maneuver the car around the driveway . the front end of the car swing around , revealing a bashed - in right front fender . kale ( cont 'd ) Holy shit . a dent -- kale race to he closet , pull down a pair of binocular , head back to the window . binocular Pov - in the garage , gile be already out of the car , round the back as the garage door lower ... kale crouch , try to see under the close door ... catch a glimpse of gile pop the trunk -- a hand suddenly enter frame , land on kale 's shoulder ! kale scream , whip around -- Julie . she scream , too . kale ( cont 'd ) julie Jesus , mom ! Christ , kale ! julie ( cont 'd ) I be sorry . I think you hear I ... kale what ? no , I -- julie what 's go on ? kale nothing , just watch the wind blow . julie ( be : binocular ) anything else ? ( continued ) d.j. caruso 33. 52 continued : ( 2 ) 52 kale turn back . he Pov - gile ' garage door be now close . kale no , see for yourself . julie ( beat ; then ) that 's okay , I just ... want to say good night . Julie leave . kale turn back to the window , stare out at gile ' house . the light go out . 53 int . dad be office - the next day 53 on kale - sit in the leather chair , binocular raise . on the floor next to the chair be a 7 - 11 bag , a slurpee cup , a bag of beef jerky and a automotive magazine with a mustang on the cover . binocular Pov - Ashley sit on the roof lean against she close window . she 's read lolita . ronnie ( o.s. ) so you do not know what year the mustang be ? reveal ronnie - sit at dad 's computer look at the fbi' official website . kale ( now flipping through magazine ) ' 65 or ' 66 , could not tell . ronnie check this out . the fed think you miss girl might be related to three murder in Austin . all redhead . kale process that as we suddenly hear a car door slam o.s. binocular Pov - kale tilt down to see Ashley 's mom back out the driveway . kale tilt up to Ashley 's window -- Ashley duck back inside she room , disappear . kale Movement . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 34 . 53 continued : 53 binocular Pov - kale tilt down to the pool , see Ashley emerge from the house with a towel that she throw on the lounge chair . kale ( cont 'd ) better late than never . ronnie join kale at the window . there Pov - Ashley flip she sandal off one at a time , pull she tank off revealing she bronze back and bikini top . ronnie dude ... Ashley slink out of she short revealing a " near-thong " bikini this time . ronnie ( cont 'd ) dude !! kale ( be : bikini ) that 's definitely new . Ashley crouch down , run she finger through the water . ronnie oh , it 's so warm , baby ... Ashley cup she hand , scoops a handful of water from the pool , splashes she face ... run she hand through she hair ... she stand , take a deep breath , hold it -- then exhales ... ronnie ( cont 'd ) cleanse breath ... Ashley stretch she arm high above she head . ronnie ( cont 'd ) concentrate now . this be for the gold . ronnie grab the binocular from kale , put they to he eye , move closer to the window -- but he zoom - in vision cause he to underestimate the distance -- thwump . the end of the binocular hit the window just as Ashley dive into the pool -- ronnie and kale hit the deck as we hear the splash o.s . kale jackass ! ronnie dude , there 's no way she hear that . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 35 . 53 continued : ( 2 ) 53 kale Dick , my deaf aunt in omaha hear that . kale grab the binocular from ronnie . binocular Pov - Ashley 's underwater at the far end of the pool . she tuck and push off the wall , swim back ... ronnie ( peer out ) she 's get great lung capacity . on ashley - she suddenly surface , hoist herself from the water . she spin and sit on the ledge , ring the water from she hair . but she suddenly stop -- and shift she gaze up toward kale and ronnie ! kale ( pull ronnie down ) I think she see I -- ronnie there 's no way -- ronnie grab the binocular back . ronnie ( cont 'd ) ( be : Ashley o.s. ) okay , maybe she do . kale seriously ? kale peek out -- there Pov - Ashley 's slip back into she short and tank top . she head to the back door , try the knob . lock . over this , ronnie turn to kale : ronnie her swim always that short ? kale ( grow concern ) no , she usually take she time -- they turn back . Ashley 's go . ronnie now where be she ? the doorbell ring . kale and ronnie freeze . then -- ( continued ) d.j. caruso 36 . 53 continued : ( 3 ) 53 kale ronnie no. no. 54 int . entry hall - late afternoon - moment later 54 kale and ronnie quietly approach the door . ronnie suddenly pull kale back . ronnie do not , it could be she ! kale it 's not gonna be she . ronnie then stop ! just -- let them go away . the doorbell ring again . kale head to the door . kale I have to . kale peep through the peephole -- distorted peephole Pov - Ashley . kale calmly turn to ronnie . ronnie what ?! what ?! speak . kale it 's she . ronnie you be full of -- ronnie tip -toe to the door . one look at Ashley and he cover he mouth , grab kale and pull he back . ronnie ( cont 'd ) shit shit !! oh my shit ! both laugh , giggle , act " girlie , " practically spin in circle as they speak in hushed , panicked whisper : kale she totally see we -- the doorbell ring again . kale head to the door . ronnie we be so bust . do not answer it ! ( continued ) d.j. caruso 37 . 54 continued : 54 kale ( be : he bracelet ) dude , she know I be here . kale swing the door open . Ashley stand there a beat . her arm fold . then -- ashley what take you so long ? ( eyeing ronnie in b.g . ) the house be not that big . kale yeah , no , we be play upstairs -- ronnie cringe at how that sound . ronnie ( cover ) video game ...? kale ( awkward beat ; then ) so ... what bring you here . ashley oh . -- lock out . kale do you need to call anyone ? ashley thanks , but I would rather stay strand if you do not mind . kale and ronnie trade glance . ashley ( cont 'd ) May I ? kale uh , sure , come on in -- Ashley step inside , glance around , check out the place . kale ( cont 'd ) that 's ronnie . ashley Nice to meet you . video game , huh ? ( then suggestively to kale ) I like to play . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 38 . 54 continued : ( 2 ) 54 kale trade a look with ronnie as Ashley nonchalantly head up the stair . kale Excuse I ... 55 int . kale' bedroom - late afternoon - moment later 55 Ashley barge in , instantly strike by the mess . kale push past she , start grab underwear and garbage off the floor . kale it 's a little messy . ashley a little ? kale keep gather clothes , toss they to ronnie who toss they in the closet . Ashley pick up the binocular from the window sill , peer outside . ashley ( cont 'd ) anything interesting out there ? kale and ronnie trade look . Ashley turn around , binocular still raise , aim they like a gun at kale . ashley ( cont 'd ) be you spying on the neighbor , kale ? kale freeze . ronnie ( step in ) actually , he be . kale 's eye widen in panic . ronnie ( cont 'd ) see , he have this neighbor -- who I guess by definition would also be you neighbor -- who may , in point of fact , be a cold - blooded killer . ashley be that so . ronnie point out the window to gile ' house . ronnie exhibit a , Robert gile . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 39 . 55 continued : 55 ashley yeah , I have see he . so ? kale so you hear about that miss girl from madison ? ashley ( realize ; then point out to gile ' ) what , you think he -- kale he drive a car like the one she be see in . ronnie Black mustang . kale 60' era mustang . ashley gee , that really narrow it down . kale they say it be dent . his have a bashed - in fender . ashley ( be : binocular ) so this be why -- you be -- suddenly see something o.s. , kale rip the binocular out of Ashley 's hand , go to the window . ronnie what ? binocular Pov - gile pull the Silver Toyota out of the garage and out the driveway . Ashley suddenly grab the binocular from kale , peer out . kale hey -- ashley so that 's the infamous black mustang , huh ? kale yeah -- ( continued ) d.j. caruso 40 . 55 continued : ( 2 ) 55 ashley the one with no dent ? kale ( grab the binoc ) what ? binocular Pov - sure enough , the mustang no longer have a bashed -in fender . the garage door start to close -- kale ( cont 'd ) how would he fix it so fast -- ashley because it be never there in the first place ? kale eye Ashley . shit , could he have imagine it ? Ashley playfully grab the binocular back from kale . binocular Pov - Ashley catch a glimpse of a fade TEXAS longhorn bumper sticker . ashley ( cont 'd ) sorry guy , no bashed - in fender , just a longhorn bumper sticker . kale ( grab the binoc ) you serious ? ( then to ronnie ) she 's right . there Pov - gile ' garage door finally slam close . kale ( cont 'd ) ( off Ashley 's question look ) they think it might be link to some murder in Texas two year ago . ronnie Austin , Texas . Texas longhorn . kale and ronnie eye Ashley as if to say " see ? " Ashley eye they another beat -- then : ashley okay , fine , stakeout . ( grab binocular ) who 's on my shift ? off kale and ronnie , they dream realize -- d.j. caruso 41 . 56 int . kale' bedroom - evening - later 56 a BOX of spying crap be dumped onto kale 's bed . another dv camera , a old , bulky vhs camera , a black and white portable tv , couple of tri-pod , walkie talky , wire ... a real mess . wider to reveal ronnie : ronnie this be all the stuff I could find -- Ashley sit at kale 's computer as kale anxiously sift through ronnie 's stuff . ashley do you know how long gile have live there ? kale about two or three year . ashley so he could have live in Texas ... ( be : computer screen ) hey , check this out . ronnie go to Ashley , read the amazon web page for the book : ronnie " murderer : tell Tale Signs of a serial killer . " qualify for free shipping if you pair it with " the shrine of Jeffrey dahmer . " ashley the summary list four main criterion . we guy meet at least three . White male between the age of twenty - five and fifty . he do not have any pet , right ? kale not that I have see -- ashley you say he life alone -- ronnie what 's the fourth ? ashley ( nonchalant ) sexual dysfunction . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 42 . 56 continued : 56 silence . kale and ronnie trade awkward glance , shaking they head to each other as if reassure themselves they do not suffer from such a condition . ashley ( cont 'd ) ( change the subject ) I be hungry , let 's order pizza . 57 int . kale' bedroom - night - later 57 tracking across kale' room - the two tri-pod-mounted dv cam stand watch over gile ' house . one camera feed a grainy close - up shot of gile ' garage door to ronnie 's portable tv on the floor . the other feed a wide shot of gile ' entire house to kale 's color tv . both image appear on kale 's computer monitor . wider to reveal - kale and Ashley sit on the floor near the window . kale peer over to gile with the binocular as Ashley mess with kale 's cell phone . in the b.g. ronnie 's pass out on kale 's bed , he hand rest inside the pizza box just inch from the last slice . kale ( be : gile ) he 's be go awhile . on ashley - she 's mess with kale 's cell phone . ashley ( hand he he cell ) here . kale how would you get my phone ? ashley I be crafty like that . kale what would you do ? Ashley carefully unclip ronnie 's cell from he hip , flip it open , dial . after a beat , kale 's cell ring with madonna 's " like a virgin . " kale laugh . ashley every time he call , that 's what you will hear . kale laugh as Ashley delicately re-clip the phone to ronnie 's belt . kale' Pov - the pilch 's dog , wear a pink sweater , suddenly dart into kale 's yard . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 43. 57 continued : 57 kale what the hell ? there Pov - pilch 's dog stop , spin around and take a dump . kale ( cont 'd ) where 's -- Mr. pilch , in he robe , suddenly appear from the shadow , watch the dog do its business . ashley ( be : Mr. pilch ) Three to one he do not pick it up . nope . the dog finish . pilch call it over , scoops up the dog and head o.s. kale so that 's why the grass be greener ... ashley only in disturbia ... kale so why the move ? ashley what do you mean ? the greener grass , the safer pasture ... kale no , seriously . there 's a beat as Ashley lock eye with kale . then -- ashley well , I guess my mom think it would help keep dad on a short leash . City life ... have its temptation ... ( beat ; then matter of fact ) but my mom pretty much cry just as much as she always do , and dad do not care -- more than ever . kale what do they think , a extra bathroom and two - car garage would actually change thing ... somehow protect they and you from all that crap you can never escape ? Ashley hold kale 's gaze for a beat . then , she nod , with : ( continued ) d.j. caruso 44 . 57 continued : ( 2 ) 57 ashley something like that . ( eyeing the bracelet ) so ... what be you issue , kale ? kale hesitates . we see in he eye that he 's flash to the past ... " go there ... " there 's a uneasy beat as Ashley pick up on it : then -- headlight appear outside . kale quickly turn away from Ashley , pull one of the dv cam off its tri-pod , flip out the three - inch lcd screen . kale that 's he . dv cam Pov - gile ' silver Toyota pull in the driveway . stop . engine and headlight turn off . ashley another car -- dv cam Pov - kale zoom in . the grainy image finally steady to reveal a second car pull in behind gile . a thirty - something attractive woman -- a redhead -- be at the wheel . she pull in next to gile ' car . ashley ( cont 'd ) you see she before ? kale no . dv cam Pov - gile get out . wearing a suit , no tie . ashley ( be : gile ) cute for a killer . gile go to the woman 's car , open she door . ashley ( cont 'd ) who say chivalry 's dead ? the woman get out , wear a black cocktail dress . ashley ( cont 'd ) there 's a club girl for you . kale how do you know ? ( continued ) d.j. caruso 45 . 57 continued : ( 3 ) 57 ashley Bright green bracelet 's " the pyramid , " purple 's " Club 360 , " the big black stamp 's from " flavor . " dv cam Pov - kale zoom in on the woman 's wrist and hand . sure enough , she 's wear both a green and a purple bracelet , and have a black stamp blotch on she hand . kale ( over the above ) miss girl be see at a club . do not say which one though ... ( then aside to Ashley ) you i.d. must be pretty good . ashley ( with a smile ) I do not need one . they turn back to the window , watch as gile escort the woman to the house , show she in . a light come on inside . dv cam Pov - kale zoom in on one of the live room window , spot the woman move around inside , look at artwork ... she sit on the sofa as gile enter with two glass and a bottle of wine . he sit down , pour the wine . they toast , take sip . gile move in for a kiss -- kale he 's go in . dv cam Pov - the woman shy away from gile , stand from the sofa . ashley denied ... they watch as the woman get up , move to the center of the room , and start to get a little groove on ... ashley ( cont 'd ) ( be there , do that ) oh no , he put on music ... dv cam Pov - gile watch the woman as she seductively move she body to the music we be not hearing . ashley ( cont 'd ) oh , c'mon , gile , all she want to do be dance . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 46 . 57 continued : ( 4 ) 57 kale what do you think they be listen to ? ashley could be radio . see if you can find the station . kale set the camera down , turn on he receiver . as he toggle through radio station -- rock , alternative ... ashley ( cont 'd ) ( watch the woman &amp ; gile ) no ... no ... kale flip to a easy listen R &amp ; B station play Lou rawl " you will never find another Love like mine . " ashley ( cont 'd ) stop . binocular Pov - Ashley watch as gile take the woman 's hand and dance with she . they rhythm fit the music perfectly . on ronnie - he stir on the bed , still asleep . ronnie ( eye close ; grin be : music ) hmmm ... Ashley and kale eye ronnie for a beat . then turn back to the window . dv cam Pov - kale pan back to the woman and gile . they be really dance close now . kale 's and Ashley 's eye shift to each other , then quickly flick away . a beat . then -- Ashley raise the binocular , face back toward gile ' with : ashley now 's the time to bust you move . Ashley glance to kale . kale turn , hold she gaze . a palpable tension between this two . they ever so slowly lean toward each other when -- ronnie - suddenly interrupt , push himself between they . ronnie ( yawn ; be : woman with gile ) who 's that ? ( continued ) d.j. caruso 47 . 57 continued : ( 5 ) 57 ronnie look to kale and Ashley who glare back . ronnie ( cont 'd ) ( realize ) ookay , just fill I in later . ( take Ashley 's hand ) a pleasure . ( then ; aside to kale , mouth ; be : Ashley ) duude ! ( slap kale 's hand ) later . ronnie stand , leave . kale shake he head , turn back to Ashley . they lean in again when -- Ashley 's cell phone ominously ring with the first measure of beethoven' 5th -- " bum bum bum bummmmm . " she pull the cell from she pocket . ashley ( be : cell ) it 's my mom . ( into cell ) hi. no , I be fine . ( with a smile ) I be at barne and Noble . okay , I be leave . no , I will walk . Ashley flip the phone shut , join kale who 's watch the lcd screen : dv cam Pov - gile and the woman be back on the couch . the woman be lean she head on gile ' shoulder . as gile lean forward to take she wine glass , the woman fall over behind he . out cold . kale and Ashley cringe . kale and she 's down for the count . 58 ext . kale' back yard - night - moment later 58 kale and Ashley cross the yard to kale 's kite string boundary . ashley look like this be as far as you go . kale look like . they peer into each other 's eye . then -- ashley y'know , I have to admit , you be different than I expect . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 48 . 58 continued : 58 kale what be you expect ? ashley I think you would be more mess up . kale do that disappoint you ? ' Cause I can be more mess up if you want I to . ashley no , you be fine . kale " Fine ? " ashley yeah . kale " Fine " like you first cousin " fine " or " fine " in kind of a Brad Pitt sorta way ? Ashley smile . they suddenly hear voice o.s. kale and Ashley glance over to gile ' house . there Pov - the woman be head briskly to she car . gile be right behind she . Ashley grab kale 's arm and pull he behind a shrub on he side of the boundary . they peek back over to gile ' . there Pov - we be crouch low now , so we only hear the barely audible voice of gile and the woman . talk seriously about something -- gile ( voice raise ) just come back in the house , you should not drive -- ashley he want she to come back in -- kale I can not hear -- ashley let 's get closer -- ( continued ) d.j. caruso 49 . 58 continued : ( 2 ) 58 Ashley suddenly dart from behind the shrub and bolt toward the fence -- kale ( be : he bracelet ) I can not -- but Ashley keep go . we follow behind ashley - she creep over to the fence , press up against it , peer through the crack -- ashley' Pov - we see the dark silhouettes of gile and the woman -- Ashley shift she head , strain to listen -- gile you really should stay . woman I just do not think it 's a good idea -- ( still search ; more frustrated ) where the hell be they ? the woman suddenly drop she purse . the content spill onto the driveway . ashley' Pov - gile bend down , pick up she car key . woman ( cont 'd ) here -- gile you be in no condition -- woman give I my key . gile sorry . ashley' Pov - she see gile make a motion toward the fence . suddenly , the woman 's car keys whack the other side of the fence , then plop down underneath it just a couple of foot from Ashley 's position ! on ashley - she startles , look over , see the key . ashley' Pov - she look back toward gile and the woman . hear the woman start to laugh . gile , not laugh , purposefully step toward the woman , take she arm . gile ( cont 'd ) c'mon ... ( continued ) d.j. caruso 50 . 58 continued : ( 3 ) 58 ashley' Pov - the woman relent . gile help she back toward the house . with kale - he 's see it all . kale ( whisper ) Ashley , come on ... with ashley - she glance down , eye the car key sparkling in the moonlight . she scoot toward they as -- we crane up to reveal - gile - head back toward the fence ! on kale - see this . kale try to get Ashley 's attention , but she 's not look -- cu - ashley' hand - she reach for the car key -- closer - ashley' fingertip barely touch they when -- gile ' hand - suddenly swoops in from o.s. , brush ashley' finger just before grab the key and swiping they back to he side ! somehow Ashley keep herself from scream as she yank her hand back , presses herself against the fence . she put she hand over she mouth to silence she own breathe -- kale' Pov - gile stand freeze in the shadow behind Ashley . with ashley - she slowly turn she head , see gile through one of the crack -- stand right there . Ashley start to slowly sliiide away ... when suddenly -- a TWIG snap under she foot ! Ashley freeze . she peer back through the nearest crack . ashley' Pov - search for gile -- do not see he -- Ashley press herself even harder against the fence as we ... tilt up and pan over to reveal gile - peer over the fence . we can only hope it 's tall enough to keep he from look down and see Ashley . with kale - he 's see it all . on gile - he raise up , stand on he tip toe to get a better look down . shift he head back and forth . with kale - he duck behind the shrub , contemplate he next move . he glance down , pick up a large pebble . he pop out and toss it over into gile ' yard . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 51 . 58 continued : ( 4 ) 58 we hear it dropping through branch , scatter to the ground as kale duck back behind the shrub , breathe hard . he then peer back out -- he Pov - gile lower back down , turn and head back toward the house . kale sigh in relief . wave Ashley the " all clear . " Ashley head back over to kale , breathless . ashley ( oddly exhilated ) that be intense . kale be you nut ?! Ashley silence kale with a finger to he lip . she then lean in , give he a peck on the cheek and bolt away -- off kale , utterly stupefy -- 59 int . dad be office - night - moment later 59 exhilated , kale slam through the office door , binocular in hand . he go to he chair , sit , take position ... binocular Pov - Ashley walk in , head straight for the window and draw the blind . kale slump . damn . time CUT to : 60 int . dad be office - night - later 60 on ashley' window - shade still draw . light be out now . the wind pick up outside as we pan to reveal kale asleep in the leather chair . we suddenly hear glass shatter o.s. kale 's eye pop OPEN . he look around . do he hear something or do he dream it -- he pull himself out of the chair , make he way to the door , slowly swing it open ... 61 int . 2 nd FL hall outside dad be office - night - continuous 61 kale cautiously step into the hall ... kale Mom ? no answer . he head to ... d.j. caruso 52 . 62 int . kale' bedroom - night - continuous 62 kale enter , toss the binocular on the desk , throw a glance out the window to gile ' house . Dark . kale turn to the bed , pull back the sheet . as kale unty he shoe , take off he sock , we notice over he shoulder -- in the b.g . - a light come on in gile ' live room . on kale - not notice as he strip down to he boxer -- in the b.g . - gile ' live room - the woman head into the room followed closely by gile . she spin and slap he in the face . she walk away as gile stand there frozen . on kale - he throw he clothes in the closet , finally turn back and see -- kale' Pov - gile stand in the live room , glaring at the woman . kale dammit . kale dart to he desk , turn off the light , grab the binocular . binocular Pov - gile and the woman be argue . the woman pace around the room as gile stand there . the woman 's arm flail about . as she pace back by gile , he suddenly grab her arm . kale ( cont 'd ) shit ! kale watch as the woman yank herself from he grasp and knock over the lamp . the bulb shatter on the floor , throw the live room into total darkness . kale drop the binocular and grab the dv cam . he fumble with it , flip open the lcd screen . but as he press the power button , the camera 's lamp suddenly ignite , momentarily lighting up kale' room ! kale spin and hit the floor . he frantically find the switch , turn off the lamp . kale ( cont 'd ) dumbass dumbass -- kale stay on the floor , slouched under the window sill for a couple of beat . then -- he slowly raise up , peer out . dv cam Pov - gile , now alone , have turn on another light and be simultaneously pick up piece of shattered light ( continued ) d.j. caruso 53. 62 continued : 62 bulb and wiping some red liquid off the floor ... could be wine ... or blood even ... gile wad the towel up , pick up one of the woman 's high heel lie near the couch . gile then move to the stereo , turn it off , lean down , pick up the woman 's other shoe . he flip off the light , head out of the room . kale trade the grainy dv cam for the binocular . binocular Pov - kale pan across the lower floor window of gile ' house that 's now become eerily still . he tilt up to the second floor , slowly pan across that window -- again , nothing . kale ( cont 'd ) okay , so where be she -- binocular Pov - over the above , kale slowly pan back across the same window , come to the last one and see gile staring right back at he . kale spin and dive to the floor , knock the other camera and tri-pod over . kale ( cont 'd ) oh shit oh shit ... kale shove himself against the wall , freeze in terror . he do not dare get up . he spot he cell phone -- on the floor a few foot away . he extend he leg out , use he foot to slowly sliiide the phone toward he . kale' trembling hand reach for the phone , pick it up -- kale 's about to flip it open when the phone's lcd screen suddenly light up , blaring madonna's " like a virgin . " kale startles , fumble the phone -- realize it 's ronnie , flip the phone open -- kale ( cont 'd ) ( into phone as need ) ronnie -- ronnie ( v.o. ) ( phone filter as need ) dude , Ashley be ho-ho-hotttt -- kale gile totally bust I . ronnie ( v.o. ) what do you mean , be you sure ? ( continued ) d.j. caruso 54 . 62 continued : ( 2 ) 62 kale finally muster the courage to peek over the sill -- kale' Pov - gile 's back door be OPEN . kale they be argue -- ronnie ( v.o. ) who ? kale gile and the girl he bring home . they have a argument , he grab she -- ronnie ( v.o. ) and then what ? kale and then -- nothing . ronnie ( v.o. ) uh-huh . kale dude , something be go on over there . what if he kill she , too ? ronnie ( v.o. ) then call you friend at the police department . a door suddenly slam o.s. kale wait -- ronnie ( v.o. ) what ? kale a door just slam . ronnie ( v.o. ) ( in he best sinister " scream " voice ) that 's right , kale , and now I be come up to slash you gut out , you little bastard ! kale asshole , I be serious . ronnie ( v.o. ) I be not and I be hang up . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 55 . 62 continued : ( 3 ) 62 kale just -- wait -- wait till I check the hall -- this as kale grab he bat , slowly approach he door . ronnie yawn , start snore . kale 's hand be about to grab the knob -- ronnie ( v.o. ) boo ! kale goddamn you !! kale flip the phone close , throw it to the bed . he turn back to the door just as it suddenly push OPEN , smacking kale in the forehead ! kale stumble back , scream , raise the bat . julie kale , kale , it 's I !! kale do not immediately drop the bat as he focus on Julie , dress in she serve uniform , barely visible in the darkness . she flip the light on . kale no , do not ! julie what 's go on , who be you talk to ?! kale ronnie -- just ronnie . kale fall back to the bed . kale ( cont 'd ) I hear the door -- julie I be sorry , the wind catch it -- kale fine. good . okay -- julie okay then , so ... ( catch she breath ; then ) you want anything from the grocery ? I be go in the morning . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 56 . 62 continued : ( 4 ) 62 kale anything caffeinate . kale turn back on he side . Julie eye he a long beat . what to say ... she flip off the light , then -- pull the door close . on kale - eye wide open , heart racing . he 's gonna need that caffeine in the morning . 63 int . kale' bedroom - the next morning 63 a groggy kale tug on the blind , cautiously raise it -- kale' Pov - gile ' driveway - the silver Toyota 's go . the woman 's car be still there . 64 int . entry hall - late the next morning 64 kale saunter down the stair .... 65 int . kitchen - day - continuous 65 kale enter , notice a few full grocery bag on the counter and the coffee maker brewing . he open the fridge , see a new Mountain Dew twelve - pack . he crack open the carton , pull out a can , close the fridge door revealing gile - in the flesh , in kale' kitchen . kale jump , drop the can . it roll to gile ' foot . gile ( pick up the can ) whoa , whoa , settle down , slow down . Robert gile , you neighbor -- ( gesture outside ) behind you ? kale glare , breathe hard . gile tap on the top of the dent soda can , hand it to kale . kale do not take it . note : gile ' shirt should have burnt orange somewhere in it , either in the pattern , stripe , etc ... kale I know , how do you -- gile put the soda on the counter as Julie come through the kitchen door carry grocery . gile ( to Julie ) think I startle he . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 57 . 65 continued : 65 julie ( laugh ) oh. kale , I run into Mr. gile at -- gile Robert ... julie ( smile ) ... at the grocery . I have a flat tire when I come out . we try to change it , but -- kale dad put that security bolt on -- julie and that adapter thingy that unscrew it end up stripping it instead -- gile my fault . julie no , it be not . you save my life . ( then to kale ) we have it tow to Frank 's . kale ( with attitude ) gee , really lucky you be there . gile just glad I could help . ( then ; favor Julie ) must be a little difficult when the man of the house be stick in the house . kale react to that . there 's a awkward silence as kale 's eye instinctively glance down to the ankle bracelet . julie oh ... no , it 's okay , we be manage . gile step closer to kale , bend down to get a closer look at the ankle bracelet . gile I have always be curious about that thing , do you mind ? kale yeah , I do . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 58 . 65 continued : ( 2 ) 65 julie oh c'mon , kale. ( to gile ) I be sorry . gile no , no . it 's none of my business . kale that 's right . gile whoa , hey , dude ... you seem like a straight hitter . you ask I , whoever they be deserve it . kale react , surprised at how genuine that sound . julie ( step in ) okay ... I do not think that 's the case , and -- kale I think I would like to hear he opinion . gile and I think I open my big mouth again . you be absolutely right . ( then ; head for the door ) I should go . julie wait , what about you coffee ? kale I pop my Spanish teacher . awkward beat . gile turn back to Julie : gile in that case , cafe con leche , por favor ? julie ( search bag ) shoot , milk 's ... still in the car . Julie head out the door . gile turn to kale . a awkward , silent beat . then -- kale I like you shirt , by the way . I mean , the color . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 59 . 65 continued : ( 3 ) 65 gile which one ? kale oh , the ... that dark orange . always remind I of Texas . gile yeah ? you a longhorn fan , too ? kale sure , absolutely . even though I have never step foot in Texas -- gile I neither . have a lot of friend who go there . I stay in Minnesota till I move here . kale huh . gile so when you say you " pop " you teacher -- kale just a black eye . gile phew , just make sure I be not live next to some psycho killer . listen , I get it though . I have plenty of teacher I want to just ... kill . gile quickly adjust he tone as Julie come back with a last bag of grocery : gile ( cont 'd ) but no matter how hard it be to hold back , the high road 's always the better choice . as gile say this , he casually sit at the kitchen table . kale eye he , about to turn and leave , but : julie kale , could you grab the sugar ? ( to gile ) sugar ? gile ( favor kale ) why not . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 60 . 65 continued : ( 4 ) 65 kale quickly grab the jar of sugar from the counter and even think to grab a spoon from the drawer . he deliver it to gile as Julie bring the coffee , sit at the table . gile ( cont 'd ) thanks , man . kale turn to leave again . gile ( cont 'd ) oh , hey , kale ... ( as kale turn back ) Nice to finally meet you . off kale -- ashley ( v.o. ) ( prelap ) oooh . that 's creepy . 66 int . kale' bedroom - day - later 66 Ashley sit on the bed . she look damned good , too . doll up , lipstick . she 's just hear the story from kale . kale I know , he 's a total freak , right ? ashley and very vague ... do he genuinely mean it be nice meeting you or be he send you a " sinister message ? " kale be you mess with I ? ashley maybe a little . do you even notice my hair ? kale so you think it 's all a coincidence . we have get the car -- ashley with the non dent dent -- kale the bumper sticker , the argument , the stare contest -- and now he 's show up in my kitchen -- ashley why , because he slashed you mom 's tire ? ( continued ) d.j. caruso 61 . 66 continued : 66 kale maybe . Ashley roll she eye . kale ( cont 'd ) ( point out window ) her car have not move . ashley it 's call " the day after , " kale . nobody move after a night like that . kale well what if she 's really " not move ? " what if she 's tie in the dungeon with the other girl , starve to death -- ashley ( get up ) then come up with a rescue plan and get back to I . kale you be leave ? ashley have to . Party . kale whose ? ashley uh , mine ? kale how be that possible ? ashley Excuse I ? kale well , I mean ... sorry , I just do not think you know anybody -- ashley I do not , I do not -- ( off kale 's confusion ) I meet this girl earlier , minnie tyco ? kale oh my god , " skinny psycho ? ! " I sit next to that bitch in Spanish -- ( continued ) d.j. caruso 62 . 66 continued : ( 2 ) 66 ashley ( skip that one ) I tell she my parent be outta town -- kale and now the whole neighborhood 's come . ashley look , I be stick here . so I figure I can either shut myself in and keep hat it or ... try to make the most of it . kale hey , I get it . you do not have to explain . ashley kale , you be welcome to come , but -- kale look at Ashley , realize what she 's refer to as he glance down to the ankle bracelet . kale ( with attitude ) well , I appreciate the think . really . ashley ( return the tude ) glad to hear it . Ashley turn to leave . kale it 's funny , though . ashley ( turn back ) what ? kale I do not peg you as a conformist . Ashley glare , furious . she pick up the dv cam and binocular , approach kale , hand they over with : ashley try to keep this in you drawer tonight , will ya ? Ashley leave . a sullen kale stare after she -- ( continued ) d.j. caruso 63. 66 continued : ( 3 ) 66 prelap - crowd walla and thwumping music . 67 int . dad be office - early evening 67 kale sit in the darkness at dad 's desk . he 's on the phone , press he other finger to he ear , try to drow out the noise emanate from Ashley 's party next door . kale , on phone , get ronnie 's voice mail . ronnie ( phone filter ) this be ronnie , leave a message . kale slam the phone down , sit there a beat . jump CUT : - the white page thwump onto the desk . jump CUT : - kale on the phone : kale ( into phone ) yeah , I be call about the Jeep Cherokee that be bring in with the flat and the stripped lug -- it 's ready ? listen , do they have to replace the whole tire -- they patch it ? be there any way to tell if it be slashed or -- but a nail usually act like its own plug for awhile , do not it ? I mean it 's a really slow leak , it can not flatten a tire in twenty minute . ( beat as kale listen ) -- yeah , I guess anything 's possible . a roar of laughter o.s. make kale jump from he chair . he grab the binocular , head to the window . binocular Pov - kale scan the crowd until he find Ashley , talk with a group of partygoer . she pretend to listen to one of the guy 's storey as she furtively glance toward kale 's window . but it 's quick . we can not be a hundred percent sure if it be on purpose . kale ( cont 'd ) wait , what be that ? you think I be watch ? well , I be not ... nope , I be mind my own business ... binocular Pov - Ashley excuse herself from the group and approach the drink and food table where minnie tyco ( a.k.a. " skinny psycho " ) be stand , nitpick over she snack choice . Ashley hug she then tap the cute guy next to she on the shoulder . the guy turn around . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 64 . 67 continued : 67 Ashley mouth " oh my God " like he 's some long lose lover . Ashley hug the surprised guy who waste no time in hugging she back . kale ( cont 'd ) you think I be buy that ? kale keep watch . kale ( cont 'd ) I be not bite -- binocular Pov - Ashley glance up in kale 's direction again -- it 's more obvious this time as she keep hugging the guy . kale ( cont 'd ) that 's it . kale toss the binocular , head out . 68 ext . 2 nd FL porch - evening - short time later 68 kale slam a ladder up against the roof . 69 ext . roof - evening - second later 69 kale slam a speaker down on the edge of the roof face Ashley 's . make sure the speaker wire be securely clamp in place , then unwind the roll of wire back across the roof toward the ladder ... jump CUT : 70 int . 2 nd FL porch - evening - second later 70 kale run the wire down the hall ... 71 int . dad be office - evening - moment later 71 series of quick shot : cu - kale 's hand flip on dad 's bookshelf amplifier , crank the volume control knob . cu - kale 's i- pod lcd screen light up . his thumb hover over the play button . binocular Pov - Ashley 's party come into focus . kale press play . the speaker explode with the roar of barry manilow ( or AIR supply ) . binocular Pov - Ashley 's party come to a grind halt . kale pan around , pick up Ashley again . glaring . Fire in she eye as she storm o.s. kale smile with perverse ( continued ) d.j. caruso 65 . 71 continued : 71 satisfaction as he tilt he head , anticipate the doorbell to ring . another beat , then -- ding dong . 72 int . entry hall - evening - second later 72 kale descend the stair , maintain he wick grin . he open the door for Ashley , but instead -- get pelted with a barrage of water balloon . kale stand there , freeze as the two brat jump from the bush , ad lib mocking kale as they laugh and race away into the shadow . kale 's about to pursue when the sound of a door open o.s. stop he cold . he spin around to see ashley storming in from the kitchen and march up the stair ! kale hey ! kale race back to the stair . Ashley increase she speed ... 73 int . 2 nd FL hall outside dad' office - evening - continuous 73 Ashley storm down the hall , see the speaker wire run into dad 's office ... 74 int . dad be office - evening - continuous 74 Ashley slam through the door , spot kale 's I - pod , rip it out of its dock . the music stop . she spin around , run smack into kale who swipe the I - pod out of she hand and slam it back in the dock . the music blare . Ashley move in , but kale block she path . she try to get around he . he stand in she way . ashley ( peer out the window as if shocked by something ) oh my God -- kale fall for it . he look . Ashley shove he out of the way , grab the I - pod . kale chase she out into ... 75 int . 2 nd FL hall outside dad' office - evening - continuous 75 Ashley bolt into ... 76 int . kale' bedroom - evening - continuous 76 where she hold the I - pod out the window , stop kale in he track . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 66 . 76 continued : 76 ashley back off or I will throw it where you can not follow . kale take it easy , that 's sixty gig of my life . ashley even better . kale okay -- okay -- ashley what be you do ? kale what be you do ? ashley I be try to enjoy my party . wait , that 's wrong . accord to you , I be try to conform -- kale coulda fool I . ashley what do that mean ? kale forget -- ashley no , I be not gonna forget it . kale you wanna blend in with that crowd , fine , then stop look up and try to get a rise outta I . ashley ( realize ) so you be watch I . question be for how long ? just tonight ? or maybe a week ? two week ? since I move in ? kale try to respond , but Ashley keep press : ashley ( cont 'd ) and the whole " my-neighbor 's - the - killer " thing . great cover -- ( continued ) d.j. caruso 67 . 76 continued : ( 2 ) 76 kale it 's not a cover -- over the above Ashley glance around ashley so what be it , kale ? huh ? what else have you see ? kale what else have I see ? ashley yeah . what else ? kale okay -- I have see how you always pull you kleenex from the box in group of three . not two , not four , always three . I have see you be the only one in the world who eat pizza - flavor pringles . and you never stuff the chip in , you savor each one by divide it into four precise bite . I do not know that be even possible . you be also the first girl I have ever see who spend more time on she roof than in she own house . and what do you do out there ? you do not talk on the phone , you do not paint you nail , you read book . now one would think with the whole number thing you have get go on that you would put they on you shelf alphabetically , but you do not . you system 's much more perfect . the one you like go on the bottom , the one you love go in the middle , and the one you need , the one you keep go back to ... well they go straight to the top next to the dream encyclopedia . you know what all this tell I ? you know how thing should be . the world accord to Ashley . and guess what ? it 's a very entertaining and beautiful thing . even when it take a hit . when you end up in a place like this ... when you parent dump they baggage on you , or just ... when it seem like that curveball be never gonna stop -- it suck , but just so you know -- I get it . ( more ) ( continued ) d.j. caruso 68 . 76 continued : ( 3 ) 76 kale ( cont 'd ) but I have also see that designer window shade of yours , and guess what ? they always go up the next day -- no matter what . and even if no one else have , I have notice that . and I be not sorry . the only thing I will even consider apologize for be ... not drop the binocular and tell you this a lot sooner . a long beat as Ashley peer into kale 's eye . she slowly step closer to he : ashley that be either the creepiest ... or the sweetest thing I have ever hear . kale lean in and kiss she . they pull away , lock eye . then -- Ashley pull kale by he soaking wet t-shirt , kiss he back even harder . heavy make -out . then -- they stumble back toward the bed out of frame as we hold on kale 's window -- and gile ' house beyond ... 77 int . dad be office - night 77 our Pov - peer down into Ashley 's back yard . there 's a couple of guy pass out on raft float in the pool . we slowly pan to reveal -- kale - look tired , he eye glaze , sit at dad 's computer surfing a website : " brutal killing in austin . " on the screen - as kale click page , we see flash of crime scene photo from the three murder -- the body of the three redhead -- bloodied , bruise ... on kale - he do not blink as he click on one photo after the other . we see a flash of the victim ' eye -- wide OPEN , lifeless ... we suddenly hear laughter o.s. kale snap to . he run a hand through he hair , get up , move to the window . he Pov - ashley' pool - a couple of girl giggle as they stand at the edge of the pool pour beer onto the pass - out guy ' chest . 78 int . kale' bedroom - night - moment later 78 kale quietly enter and shut the door . he 's hide something behind he back as he sit on the bed next to a sleep Ashley . she stir , open she eye , peer up at he , smile . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 69 . 78 continued : 78 kale hey . ashley hey ... where have you be ? kale hold up a fold piece of paper , hand it to Ashley . she curiously eye kale , then take it , open it to reveal a print - out picture of a long -stem red rise . Ashley smile . kale if would have go to the flower shop , but -- ashley I know . Ashley pull kale in for a kiss . she pull away , fall back to the bed . her eye glance down at kale 's ankle bracelet . ashley ( cont 'd ) so how much longer ? kale oh , two month , twelve day , nineteen hour give or take . a beat as the two peer into each other 's eye . then : kale ( cont 'd ) you know the other night ... when you say you think I would be more mess up ... ashley ... for a guy who kill he teacher . kale I do not kill my -- ashley shhh. ( kiss he again ) I know . -- I know . we get the impression she know a lot . kale lean in for another kiss . but this time , as they lock lip , Ashley 's eye shoot open . her Pov - the first hint of daylight out the window . ashley ( cont 'd ) oh my God , what time be it ? ( continued ) d.j. caruso 70 . 78 continued : ( 2 ) 78 kale Three - thirty . ashley I have gotta go . Ashley scramble out of bed for she clothes , get dress , search for she shirt . kale spot it behind the bed . as he get up to retrieve it , he hear a noise o.s. kale peer out the window -- he Pov - gile be drag a heavy blue plastic bag down the stair lead to the garage . kale you better see this . Ashley throw on she shoe , join kale at the window . there Pov - gile pull the bag into the garage next to what we presume be the mustang that 's now be cover with a tarp . ( note : the woman 's car be still in the driveway . ) kale grab the binocular . binocular Pov - we catch a glimpse of a few crimson red smear on the blue bag as gile heave it behind the mustang . kale ( cont 'd ) look , quick -- ashley what ? kale give she the binocular . Ashley look over . ashley ( cont 'd ) ( sarcastic ) that 's normal . gile ' garage door close . kale ( be : woman 's car ) her car ... still have not move ... Ashley pause , peer out the window again . she can not help but be a little concerned . then -- ashley so what do you wanna do ? off kale -- ( continued ) d.j. caruso 71 . 78 continued : ( 3 ) 78 ronnie ( prelap ) you want I to do what ? 79 int . kale' bedroom - day - later 79 on kale - hold up a universal garage door remote still in the package . Ashley and ronnie be on the bed . note : kale be wear the same clothes he be yesterday , the stubble come back . Hair more dishevel , eye a little puffier ... kale phase one , steal he code from he opener . ronnie there 's more than one phase ? kale there 's only two . now look , he remote 's in the glove compartment of he Toyota . all you have to do be pop it open and read I the switch setting . " on " or " off . " ronnie for the later purpose of do what ? break in to he house ? kale no , not break in . we be just talk about have access to he garage so we can go in on we own time - when he 's not there - to just ... to get a closer look at the car , the bag -- ronnie ( to Ashley ) all this sound reasonable to you ? ashley I do not know about that , but -- kale ( be : universal remote ) this be good up to thirteen digit -- ronnie ( realize ) how long have you be plan this ? ronnie eye kale with concern . kale do not answer . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 72 . 79 continued : 79 gile suddenly fire up he lawnmower o.s. kale' Pov - gile push the mower around the side of the house to the front yard . kale look , if we be gonna do this , it 's gotta be now . he take twenty - one minute average to mow he front yard ... you will be hearing he the whole time ... Ashley grab the remote . ashley I will do it . ronnie no. ( beat ; then grab the remote ) it be not safe . ( get up ; macho ) let 's do it . 80 int . kale' bedroom - day - later 80 cu - kale' cell phone - " like a virgin " suddenly blare . wider - kale flip he cell open , hold it in one hand , binoc in the other . kale ( into headset as need ) yo , you set ? ronnie ( v.o. ) ( phone filter as need ; suddenly sounding not so macho ) I can not believe I be do this . kale let I conference Ashley in . ( punch button ; then ) Ashley , you there ? ashley ( v.o. ) ten-four . kale Nice . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 73. 80 continued : 80 kale press " record " on the tri-pod-mounted dv cam . he peer back out the window . we hear gile ' lawnmower o.s. both side of he house be clear . kale ( cont 'd ) okay , ron -- Green light . kale' Pov - out he window - ronnie - suddenly appear from the bottom of frame , keep low as he dart to the fence . ronnie turn , peer back up to kale , give he the thumb up or down . kale ( cont 'd ) you be all good . binocular Pov - ronnie draw a breath , then very ungracefully hop the fence and fall into gile ' yard out of sight . ronnie ( v.o. ) oww , shit -- kale you okay -- ronnie ( v.o. ) what do you think ? binocular Pov - ronnie scramble to he foot from behind the fence , dart to the driver 's side door of gile ' Toyota . kale dude , glove compartment , other side . ronnie ( v.o. ) Excuse I if I be use to my mom 's import . can I just try this one while I be here ? binocular Pov - ronnie lift up on the latch . lock . ronnie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) shit . ronnie try the back door . lock . ronnie ( cont 'd ) ( in Korean ) shit . binocular Pov - kale pan across to the other side of gile ' house . nothing . he pan back to ronnie . our Pov - over kale 's shoulder , we see kale be clearly aim he binoc at ronnie . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 74 . 80 continued : ( 2 ) 80 but we also see on the far side of frame gile ' neighbor pull her lawnmower out of her garage and roll it o.s -- but kale be not see this ! ronnie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) they be all gonna be lock -- kale well , while you be there , will you just check ? ronnie go around the back of the Toyota to the other side . he lift up on the passenger door latch . bingo . ronnie ( v.o. ) I be in . kale you see the package ? we see and hear ronnie , he ass to we , rummage around the inside of gile ' car . ronnie ( v.o. ) oh my God -- ashley ( v.o. ) what 's wrong ? ronnie ( v.o. ) there 's like a month - old order of nachos Bell Grande under the seat . ( then ) okay , I find it . kale grab the pencil and notebook . kale whenever you be ready . ronnie ( v.o. ) look like " on , on , on , off , off , on ... " no wait , that one be " off . " kale just start over . ronnie ( v.o . ) " on , on , on , off , off , off , on -- " ronnie pause . kale glance up . just happen to shift he gaze to the side of gile ' house to see -- kale' Pov - gile be walking back around with no lawnmower ! but for some reason we still hear a lawnmower . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 75 . 80 continued : ( 3 ) 80 kale no , no -- kale grab the binocular . ronnie ( v.o. ) I will get it right this time . kale ronnie , he 's come around . ronnie ( v.o. ) dude , stop dick with I , I still hear he -- binocular Pov - kale whip pan to gile ' neighbor , judy thorp - cutting her grass , too . kale ( try to remain calm and succinct ) ronnie , I be not dick with you . the neighbor be also mow she lawn and he 's go to see you -- ronnie ( v.o. ) ( full - on panic ) kale , what do I do ?! where -- kale get in the car !! kale' Pov - ronnie dive in the car just as gile round the corner of the house . kale ( cont 'd ) put the remote back -- ronnie ( v.o. ) I do , I do -- kale easy on the door . ronnie gently pull the door shut . kale ( cont 'd ) do not panic , he 's come straight for you -- ronnie ( v.o. ) what ?! kale , you have gotta get I -- kale back seat , now ! ( continued ) d.j. caruso 76 . 80 continued : ( 4 ) 80 binocular Pov - ronnie tumble into the back seat and out of sight just as gile head for the car . kale ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) Ashley -- ashley ( v.o. ) I be on it . ronnie ( practically cry ) kale , tell my mom -- kale shut up , stay down and do not move . kale' Pov - gile open the passenger door . about to reach in when something distract he -- gile pull himself out , look over to see ashley head up the driveway . we barely hear she introduce herself to gile . gile step around to the front of the car , uneasily shake she hand . kale ( cont 'd ) ronnie , you be good -- no answer . kale ( cont 'd ) ronnie ? binocular Pov - kale tilt back to the toyota , see ronnie sneaking out the back seat door on the driver 's side as Ashley distract gile , point up to the tree on the opposite side of the yard . who know what they be talk about . Bird -watch perhaps . whatever it be , it 's work . kale ( cont 'd ) ronnie , be that the whole code ? ronnie ? binocular Pov - kale pan back to ronnie as he hop the fence back into kale 's yard . kale tilt back up to Ashley and gile in the driveway . kale ( cont 'd ) ( talk to Ashley even though she can not hear ) okay , Ashley , you be good , come on ... ( continued ) d.j. caruso 77 . 80 continued : ( 5 ) 80 over this , a breathless ronnie stumble into the bedroom , join kale at the window . kale ( cont 'd ) be that the whole code ? ronnie ( piss ) Excuse I ? kale ( serious ) the code , do you get it ? ronnie you have gotta be kid . ronnie and kale lock eye for a tense beat . then : kale ( be : something o.s. ) no way . kale' Pov - the club girl gile bring home the other night exit the back door and walk up to Ashley and gile ! ronnie ( step closer ) great , kale . she life . kale and ronnie watch as Ashley shake hand with the club girl , then throw a quick surprised glance up to kale and ronnie . gile ' body language tell we he 's ready for Ashley to leave . Ashley get the hint , shake he hand , head back down the driveway and out of sight . kale raise the binocular again , then furiously grab for he pad and pencil . binocular Pov - the club girl get in she car . gile close she door , watch as she back out . kale tilt down to she license plate , start jotting down the number . ronnie ( cont 'd ) what be you do ? kale get she license number -- ronnie why ? kale do not answer , still try to get the rest of the number as Ashley enter , eye ronnie who gesture to kale . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 78 . 80 continued : ( 6 ) 80 ashley okay , case close . ronnie try tell Inspector clouseau that . now he think he need she license number . ashley why , kale ? it 's over . kale 's start to get manic : kale " yeah , he seem like such a normal guy . sure he keep to himself , but he be always nice to I . " that 's what they all say . that 's what all the neighbor always say -- after the fact . only after they have catch the guy , after he 's kill thirty people -- Ashley and ronnie trade concerned look . ashley okay , I think we all just need to take a breath . kale ( head out ) Fine , but what about the bumper sticker , there 's still a girl miss , just ... what 's in the bag ? ( then from o.s. ) can anyone tell I that ? off ronnie and Ashley -- 81 int . dad be office - day - continuous 81 kale enter , go to the desk , sit at dad 's computer , click key as Ashley and ronnie enter -- ashley kale , why be you so -- Ashley and ronnie stop in they track at the mess . note : up till now , the office have be in reasonably good order . but now , it 's noticeably different . wider - the shade be draw . soda can everywhere ... papers be spread on the floor : printed out full color gruesome crime scene photo , black &amp ; white autopsy photo of the ( continued ) d.j. caruso 79 . 81 continued : 81 murder redhead ... more picture of the girl who disappear , patricia walsh . " missing " flyer ... over the above , ronnie lean down , lift a couple of book out of a amazon.com box : " murderer : tell Tale Signs of a serial killer " and " the shrine of Jeffrey dahmer " -- the title Ashley be reference earlier . ronnie show they to Ashley who take a receipt out of a nearby Home Depot box -- on the page -- smith's universal garage door remote qty ( 1 ) $ 29.99 . Ashley and ronnie turn to kale . they notice on the wall behind he , hang next to he dad 's book cover poster , a black and white poster - size satellite photo of the neighborhood . gile ' house be circle and label in flourescent ink . kale finally look up , notice they look -- kale ( be : satellite poster ) ronnie , you have see this satellite website , right ? you can find any location on earth and take a picture -- ronnie yeah , for a small fee -- ashley kale , what be you do ? kale try to get to the bottom of this . ashley ( delicately ) kale , right now , it do not look that way . kale what 's it look like ? ashley like you be determine to turn gile in to who you think he be . kale not who I think . ashley ( beat ; then ) I just do not realize -- you be this -- kale what , crazy ? maybe I be . but maybe I be right . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 80 . 81 continued : ( 2 ) 81 ashley it 's not about that , it 's about -- ( beat ; then quietly ) -- what I see . what ronnie and I be see right now . I see a guy who look like he have not sleep in day . ( peer at dad 's book cover poster ) I be see you sit at you dad 's desk -- that get kale 's attention . ashley ( cont 'd ) -- because you lose he before maybe ... you ever really know he . before the world accord to kale take a hit from that same stuff you be tell I about , remember ? all that curveball ? but it 's like -- it 's like you be still try to dodge they by force piece together that be never gonna fit ... by get all wrap up in ... ( be : mess ) this. ( beat ; then ) obsess 's not gonna " protect you , " kale . it 's not gonna make the hurt go away . kale lock eye with Ashley . a long beat , then -- kale be you two gonna help I or not ? Ashley pause , shocked she have not get through to kale . then -- ashley I want to . kale ( pick up a stack ) then start look through this -- ashley that 's not what I mean . kale ( beat ; then ) well , this be all I need , so -- I guess I will see you later . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 81 . 81 continued : ( 3 ) 81 Ashley and ronnie trade look . then -- Ashley leave . ronnie turn back to kale . kale ( cont 'd ) so what 's you deal ? you hang out or not ? ronnie I would , dude , but -- I have gotta pull it together and -- change my underwear . catch you later ? kale sure . ronnie leave . kale sit in silence , he thought unreadable -- jump CUT : kale fall back in the leather chair , fight he emotion , try to keep they in check . he glance out to Ashley 's . Dark . he peer around the office -- the article , the book , he dad' photo ... the family portrait of dad , Mom , and kale , smile wide ... they life ahead of they ... 82 int . kale' bedroom - night 82 in the darkness , find kale sit in he video game chair stare out at gile ' house . he Pov - gile ' garage door be open . gile ' silver Toyota be park inside next to the mustang . there 's a light or two on inside gile ' house but no sign of movement . kale throw intermittent glance out the window as he start to unscrew the back of the dv cam . he lift the back off , then reach in a nearby BOX and pull out a blue tooth wireless circuit board . he start connect it inside the camera ... jump CUT : kale screw the back of the camera on , take a swig of a soda . there 's suddenly fierce knocking at kale 's front door . kale just sit there . stare ahead . more knock and doorbell ringing . kale jump from he chair , grab the bat . 83 int . entry hall - night - second later 83 kale swing the door open -- nobody 's there -- then -- ronnie suddenly step into frame , grab kale -- kale get off I , man . ronnie dude -- my cell phone 's -- still in he car . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 82. 83 continued : 83 kale eye ronnie a beat . ronnie ( cont 'd ) kale , do you hear I ? kale ( beat ; then ) ronnie , I know you think I be lose my mind , but ... listen , I will help you get it , I just need you to do one thing . ronnie ( shaking he head ) phase two . I know it . smash to : 84 int . kale' bedroom - night - short time later 84 a shaky and grainy video image appear on kale 's computer screen . kale pick up one of ronnie 's old walkie-talky . kale ( into walkie talkie as need ) you read ? ronnie ( v.o. ) ( walkie talkie filter as need ) yeah , you get a signal ? on kale' computer screen - ronnie suddenly aim the video camera at he face . kale get video , no audio . ronnie ( v.o. ) yeah , mic 's on the fritz . how be I look ? kale pick up the binocular . binocular Pov - gile ' garage door be still open . there 's a light on at the opposite end of the house . kale Light on , far end . ronnie ( v.o. ) I guess it 's now or never . move out . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 83. 84 continued : 84 kale turn back to the computer screen -- ronnie' dv cam Pov - his foot dart across the yard -- he tilt up -- approach the fence . kale ( be : gile ) no movement . ronnie' dv cam Pov - ronnie hop the fence . ronnie ( v.o. ) first hurdle -- ronnie' dv cam Pov - the image go to snow for a split second -- the signal weaken ... kale peer out the window -- binocular Pov - we barely make out ronnie 's silhouette as he make he way toward the garage -- ronnie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) twenty foot . ten foot -- ronnie' dv cam Pov - rapidly approach the back of gile ' Toyota . ronnie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) garage -- ronnie' dv cam Pov - very shaky as ronnie make he way to the back seat door -- he take out a pen light , aim it at the door as he hand enter frame , lift up on the latch . the door pop open . ronnie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) bingo . ronnie' dv cam Pov - we see ronnie 's hand feel around the back seat floor of gile ' car . kale 's call waiting suddenly beeps . he look at the caller i.d : ashley . shit . he have to let it go . ronnie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I be not see it -- kale stay calm , it 's there . ronnie' dv cam Pov - ronnie 's hand finally pull out the cell phone . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 84 . 84 continued : ( 2 ) 84 ronnie ( v.o. ) I have get it . binocular Pov - gile ' house . still no sign of movement . kale you be still clear , check the bag . ronnie ( v.o. ) hang on -- ronnie' dv cam Pov - we see ronnie 's hand gently push the door of gile ' Toyota close . the angle tilt down -- we be now watch ronnie 's foot as they stride deeper into the garage , walk in between the Toyota and mustang . ronnie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) I be set the camera on the trunk . kale try to get the plate number of the mustang and check for dent -- ronnie ( v.o. ) I be check the bag first . ronnie' dv cam Pov - ronnie set the camera on the trunk of the mustang , aim it perfectly at the blue bag sit in the corner . we watch with kale as ronnie enter frame , crouch low , head toward the bag . he raise the walkie talkie -- ronnie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) it do look like blood -- and hair -- ronnie' dv cam Pov - we watch as ronnie kneel down , start to open the bag . but suddenly , the still Pov suddenly start to slowly , steadily track to the left -- and kale realize -- kale the camera 's slide -- ronnie' dv cam Pov - we watch as ronnie spin and grab the camera . ronnie ( v.o. ) that be close . we hear another noise o.s. ronnie ( v.o. ) ( cont 'd ) oh shit -- kale look out -- ( continued ) d.j. caruso 85 . 84 continued : ( 3 ) 84 kale' Pov - gile ' garage door start to close . kale ronnie ? ronnie ( staticky ) -- make it -- interference -- somebody 's here -- kale ronnie ?! Dead air . gile ' garage door slam shut . ronnie' dv cam Pov - we watch as ronnie pick up the camera , aim it at he face . look terrify . the camera swing away as we see ronnie 's foot scramble along the concrete floor and then -- they appear to race through a doorway onto dimly lit hardwood floor -- make we and kale realize -- kale ( cont 'd ) he 's in the house -- ( into walkie ) ronnie ? still nothing . ronnie' dv cam Pov - shaky . we catch glimpse of ronnie' feet -- haul ass down a hallway , rounding a corner onto carpet , then back onto hardwood -- kale ( cont 'd ) what the hell -- on the screen - ronnie suddenly pan the camera up to he face as he run , clearly mouth " help I !! " kale ( cont 'd ) ronnie ! shit -- then -- the camera seem to fall , sliding on the hardwood floor toward a old bookcase ... the image cut out -- goe to all snow -- kale jump up , pace . peer out the window to gile ' . no tell what the hell 's happen -- or happen -- in there . kale eye he ankle bracelet . Green light . kale eye he bat . grab it . fuck it . d.j. caruso 86 . 85 ext . kale' back yard - night - moment later 85 kale slam out the back door , race across the yard , skip over he kite string boundary -- on he ankle bracelet - Red light flash . with kale - he hop the fence , racing to ... 86 ext . gile ' back yard / house - night - continuous 86 kale ronnie ?! kale dart to gile ' back door , try the knob -- lock . kale ( cont 'd ) ronnie , can you hear I ?! gile , open the door !! the house be still . kale bolt around the side , uneasily feel he way through shadow and low-hanging branch . 87 ext . gile ' front yard - night - continuous 87 it 's even darker on this side . no light on in gile ' house . kale cautiously round the side , approach the front door -- it 's open a few inch -- darkness beyond . kale eye it a beat . then -- step up onto the porch , about to push it open when -- siren blare o.s. kale spin around to see a police cruiser rolling to a stop . kale race toward it as two uniform officer step out -- kale hey ! the officer pull he sidearm , aim it at kale -- uniform # 1 freeze . hand above you head , now !! kale please , my friend 's be kidnap , he 's in this house -- he 's inside , I think the owner 's try to kill he -- uniform # 1 stay right there . uniform # 2 I have get it -- uniform # 2 head briskly to gile ' front door . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 87 . 87 continued : 87 uniform # 1 ( into radio mic ) dispatch , 13a74 , we be 10 - 26 with the kid , he 's claim a 10 - 31 at ... ( eying number above gile ' door ) 4710 fairway Court . House behind he residence , request 10 - 78 . dispatcher ( v.o. ) ( over mic ) 13a74 , ten -four , unit already in the area , will advise -- kale watch as uniform # 2 approach the gile ' door . uniform # 2 it 's open . kale it be already open . uniform # 2 knock on the door . ring the bell . no answer . uniform # 2 's about to knock again when a light come on inside . after a beat -- gile open the door . look dishevel , in he bathrobe . gile uh , yes , can I help you , officer ? uniform # 2 sorry to wake you , sir , we have a young man here claim a friend of he be in you house . would you know anything about that ? gile ( laugh ) no , I certainly would not . kale you be a lie son of a bitch ! uniform # 1 retrain kale as another cruiser roll to a stop . uniform # 3 &amp ; 4 hop out , head to uniform # 1 to assist . uniform # 1 take it easy -- kale he 's in there , goddammit ! he 's inside ! he 's lie ! uniform # 1 pull kale back to the cruiser , open the back door and push he down on the seat -- ( continued ) d.j. caruso 88. 87 continued : ( 2 ) 87 uniform # 1 Sir , calm down -- kale okay , but he 's lie -- he have my friend , and he kidnap that girl last week , he kill maybe three other , all redhead , they could be in a bag -- a big blue plastic bag -- in he garage -- my friend know this -- ( be : gile ) that 's why he 's cover -- he do not just wake up five minute ago -- uniform # 1 look concerned as he step away from kale . uniform # 1 ( to uniform # 3 ; be : kale ) can you -- uniform # 3 nod as uniform # 1 head back up to gile and uniform # 2 . kale' Pov - uniform # 1 whisper something to uniform # 2 . they turn back to gile . uniform # 2 Sir , do you mind if we take a look inside ? a beat . a couple more police cruiser roll to a stop . curious neighbor be now gather across the street . gile absolutely , be my guest . gile usher they through the door and follow they into the house . gile turn , shoot a quick glance to kale before close the door . on kale - all he can do be wait . he shift he gaze to the gather neighbor . a few lock eye with he , shake they head . kale turn back toward the house ... time CUT to : 88 ext . gile ' back yard - garage - night - short time later 88 on the garage door - as it slowly raise up . wider - the uniform , stand with kale , wait as the door open all the way . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 89 . 88 continued : 88 a light come on inside . gile and uniform # 1 come out the inner garage door as uniform # 2 gile drag the blue bag out from the garage . sure enough , there 's blood smear and visible strand of matte hair near the top . uniform # 2 unty the bag , pull the side away . everyone gather around , peer inside , then suddenly yank themselves back at the horrible stench emanate from within . kale eye uniform # 1 who gesture he to look . kale step toward the bag . kale' Pov - we peer into the bag to reveal the wide OPEN eye of a dead -- deer . gile ( to the cop ) I hit it the other night . think I would save a few step and get it off the road myself . I be gonna bury it sooner , but it 's be a helluva week -- kale so why would you have to have the car fix in record time , huh ? because it be cover in she blood -- gile ( talk over he ; be : mustang ) because it 's a classic , I get it out of storage for the auto show , I need it in pristine condition . uniform # 2 it 's one of the biggest in the world . ( off uniform # 1 ) the auto show . all eye on kale . he slump . gile have a answer for everything . uniform # 1 I think we be do here . sorry for the intrusion , sir . gile please , I understand . as the uniform lead kale back down the driveway ... ( continued ) d.j. caruso 90 . 88 continued : ( 2 ) 88 kale ( quietly ; drain ) so where 's my friend , then ? can anyone tell I that ? do anyone believe I ?! kale look over , see parker , stand with julie whose eye be fill with it all : anger , concern , sadness ... julie kale , come on -- kale turn back to gile ' house . see light be turn out inside . as kale shift he gaze forward , he lock eye with ashley stand in the crowd of neighbor . she watch he with concern . kale turn away , drop he head as the cop , parker and Julie lead he away ... a flash of lightning in the distance ... 89 int . live room - night - later 89 kale sit on the sofa , stare off . he look to the stair as Julie and parker head down . parker nod to uniform # 3 who 's stand next to kale . uniform # 3 meet parker and Julie at the front door . Julie quietly nod to they , open the door . a few more inaudible word be exchange before Julie gently close the door behind they . Julie head back into the live room , sit across from kale . julie ( a beat ; then ) I be sorry , kale . not the word kale expect . he look up -- julie ( cont 'd ) I really be . you know , one thing I always tell myself be that no matter what , I would always know what be go on with my kid -- kale Mom -- julie let I finish -- because I have to tell you something ... ( then ) I feel like I let you down . I be too catch up in my own grief to see straight . I think time would heal this and take a second job be ... the answer to keep a roof over we head -- ( continued ) d.j. caruso 91 . 89 continued : 89 kale it be -- julie ( point to ceiling ) that 's just wood . do you hear I ? we be still not through this -- obviously -- it 's gonna take more time -- maybe a lot more time -- and that 's just gotta be okay , because I know -- it will get better . ( beat ) I want we to be we again . I want we to be honest with each other like we use to be . be that possible ? kale yeah . I just -- do not think you would believe I -- julie listen to I . I be always on you side . no matter what . it may not look like it sometimes , but it 's the truth . and we will get through this . okay ? kale nod . he stand , go to Julie and hug she -- tight . 90 int . kale' bedroom - night - later 90 kale enter amidst a few more lightning flash and distant roll of thunder . he head to he window , glance out at gile ' house . Dark . the wind 's pick up . kale close he window , draw the shade , stick he cell in the charge . he collapse to the bed , stare at the roof over he head for a beat -- then " like a virgin " suddenly blare on he cell phone . kale stare at it ... then jump from he bed , race to the phone , rip it from the charge , flip it open -- on the phone's lcd screen - a text message : look at you screen . the lcd screen suddenly black out . the battery 's dead . a wide eye kale put the cell phone on he desk , slowly shift he gaze to he computer monitor -- a grainy image suddenly pop on -- shaky at first -- then it finally steady , and clear up . a torso and face come into focus : ronnie , lie in the corner of a very enclose space . eye open , head tilt against the wall . Dead . kale oh my GOD -- ( continued ) d.j. caruso 92 . 90 continued : 90 nearly hyperventilate , kale lean closer to the screen , see a pile of clothes and a stray racketball trophy lie next to ronnie . kale ( cont 'd ) shit -- kale realize -- ronnie 's in he closet . kale slowly turn , eye he closet door . he then step toward it , reach out -- and slide the closet door OPEN to reveal -- ronnie - lie dead in the corner . kale ( cont 'd ) ronnie -- kale kneel down to ronnie who suddenly pop back to life ! ronnie boo ! kale scream , fall back to the floor as ronnie crack up . more lightning flash and thunder . kale stagger to he foot . stun . not know whether to hug ronnie or beat the shit out of he . ronnie ( cont 'd ) dude , do not kill I , do not kill I -- I can explain -- kale how -- how long have you be here ? ronnie you should have see you face -- ( off kale 's glare ) I get out he front door . I get lucky . I hear you yell , but dude , cop be everywhere -- kale still , you could have -- ronnie what , pop out and say , " oh yeah , officer , my friend 's right , I be just in that house , I would go to get my cell phone out of the guy 's car I break into earlier ... " be you kid I ? ( continued ) d.j. caruso 93. 90 continued : ( 2 ) 90 kale ( beat ; then ) I get it . kale pace around , run a hand through he hair as ronnie step out of the closet , dv cam in hand . ronnie dude , I be sorry . can we just ... hug it out ? kale why do not gile tell the cop someone break in ? I mean , he do see you , right ? ronnie you know , let 's be positive for a change . I think he do , but maybe he do not . or maybe he 's a nice guy afterall , and he do not wanna make a big deal of it , you know ? I mean , he 's a guy , he be a kid once ... kale eye ronnie . kale what if he be not always a guy ? ronnie eye kale for a beat , wonder if he 's serious . then kale crack a smile . ronnie crack up . ronnie but I do have to ask ... what be in the bag ? kale ( as if it be obvious ) Dead deer . kale and ronnie lock eye a beat . then crack up again . both laugh hysterically , slap happy as hell . ronnie naturally ... ( be : dv cam ) hey , you want more evidence , detective ? kale I be watch , remember ? kale grab the dv cam from ronnie -- ronnie pull it away . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 94 . 90 continued : ( 3 ) 90 ronnie no , no , this be comedy , it deserve big screen treatment . ronnie grab some wire , start hook the camera up to kale 's tv . time CUT to : 91 int . kale' bedroom - night - short time later 91 kale and ronnie watch the video of ronnie 's break - in . they be crack themselves up as we see -- on the tv - ronnie 's foot stumbling through the garage , the camera slide away off the trunk of the mustang , ronnie diving for it . ronnie hey , I catch that . kale so that 's when the garage door start close . ronnie yeah , he must have hear I . he come through the inside door -- ( be : tv screen ) this be where I duck low and start ... on the tv - ronnie 's foot start motor across the concrete floor , racing through the doorway onto the hardwood floor ... ronnie ( cont 'd ) ... haul aaaass ... kale that 's great . on the tv - as before , we be mostly watch ronnie 's foot as they scamper around gile ' house . then -- the camera fall away , slide across the floor toward that bookcase , its Pov -- for a split second - aim under the bookcase . ronnie dropped it . kale yeah , I lose signal -- on the tv - this we do not see earlier -- the camera be quickly scoop up by ronnie whose foot dart across gile ' entry hall floor toward the front door . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 95 . 91 continued : 91 we see ronnie 's hand reach for the knob . ronnie but I never leave evidence behind . on the tv - ronnie 's foot dart out gile ' front door and into the darkness of the yard ... ronnie ( cont 'd ) and that 's about when you start yell bloody murder and the shit hit the fan . the tv screen go black . ronnie ( cont 'd ) ( get up ) I be starve . all that run around ... ronnie head from the room . kale ( be : video ) I be gonna burn this . kale get up , head to the camera . about to eject the tape , when a think stop he . he pull the camera off the tv , sit on the floor , press " play " , scan back through the tape . on the tv - the same footage . nothing glaring stand out . the camera fall from ronnie 's hand , slide to the bookcase . ronnie quickly scoops the camera up , keep run ... kale ( cont 'd ) you be not fool I , gile ... kale scan the tape back again , this time just to the point where ronnie drop the camera . on kale - he eye suddenly narrow -- do he see something ? kale scan back again . 92 int . kitchen - night - continuous 92 ronnie enter , start rummage through the fridge , pull a soda out , then go for the cabinet . 93 int . kale' bedroom - night - continuous 93 on the tv - just as the camera slide to a stop at the bookcase and aim underneath it , kale freeze the image . Dark , grainy . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 96 . 93 continued : 93 kale grab he remote , crank the brightness all the way up on he tv . kale scoot closer to the tv amidst another flash of lightning &amp ; much louder clap of thunder . on he finger - press the frame by frame advance button -- on the tv -- we start to see something under the bookcase ... kale press the button a couple more time . on the tv - the next frame be blurred -- this be the point where ronnie grab the camera back -- but -- kale' finger - press the advance button one more time . on the tv - the next frame pop into focus . there , under the bookcase , we see a fade black stamp on the back of a woman' hand ! kale 's eye widen as he keep press the advance button ... cu - kale 's eye be transfix on the screen , he face just inch away as a few more blurry frame flip by then -- bam -- the face of the missing girl -- patricia walsh -- pop on the screen in sharp focus , her long red hair partially covering her ghostly , wide OPEN eye that stare right into camera ! kale recoil in horror as lightning ignite he room . kale ( call o.s. ) ronnie , get you ass up here ! but a roll of thunder drown we kale 's voice -- 94 int . kitchen - night - continuous 94 ronnie throw a bag of popcorn in the microwave , punch the clock . press start . as he reach behind he for he soda can on the island , a baseball bat suddenly enter frame and slam down on ronnie' arm -- fwack ! ronnie whirl around in excruciate pain to come face to face with gile who swing the bat across ronnie 's face . ronnie drop out of frame behind the island . d.j. caruso 97 . 95 int . kale' bedroom - night - continuous 95 kale ronnie ?! no answer . shit . kale grab the cordless off he bed , click it on : dead . another lightning flash . he grab the tape out of the camera , bury it in he closet , pull out he racketball trophy then creep to the door , peer out -- kale' Pov - the hallway 's empty . clear shot to the stair . 96 int . 2 nd FL hallway - night - continuous 96 kale step out , raise the trophy , ready for anything as he approach the stair , glance in every direction . he reach the railing , peer down . no movement . 97 int . entry hall - night - continuous 97 kale head down , slowly make he way toward the kitchen , peek around the corner -- kale' Pov - in the kitchen - the popcorn 's popping in the microwave . 98 int . kitchen - night - continuous 98 kale round the island to the microwave , press " stop " then glance down , see ronnie 's body -- kale ronnie -- mom !! kale spin around as gile suddenly appear from the shadow . more thunder . kale whirl around , hurl the trophy at gile . gile knock it away as kale bolt for the back door , throw it open . gile pursue . 99 ext . kale' back yard - night - continuous 99 kale bolt out the door , but trip on a well - place garden gnome on the step . gile or the brat must have put it there . regardless , it slow kale down . he stagger into the yard , scream for anyone to hear . but the wind and thunder drow he out as gile -- now right behind he -- swing the bat and trip kale up . kale fall just short of he kite string boundary line . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 98 . 99 continued : 99 like a quarterback press to the goal line , kale lunge forward , but -- gile ' hand suddenly grab 's kale' ankle just as the ankle bracelet be about to cross the line . kale scream , dig he hand into the earth , try to pull himself forward , but gile be too strong . he drag kale backward , then pin he to the ground , pull out a roll of duct tape , quickly and efficiently wrap some around kale 's mouth , hand and ankle . gile yank kale up , throw he over he shoulder and head back toward kale 's house . 100 int . kitchen - night - continuous 100 gile quickly open and shut the door as kale struggle against he . gile ( hard in kale 's ear ) you finally wanna be a orphan ? gile drag kale into ... 101 int . live room - night - continuous 101 ... to reveal a bruise but conscious julie tie to the chair , she arm wrap behind it ! kale 's eye widen with rage as he pull free of gile , drop to the floor , try to roll away . but gile grab he back up , get in he face -- gile if you do not stop fight I , I will gut she like a fish . kale glare as gile drag he into the ... 102 entry hall - night - continuous 102 ... and pull he up the stair ... 103 int . kale' bedroom - night - second later 103 gile slam kale down in he desk chair . gile eye the dv cam sit on the tv . the tape slot 's open . gile so where 's the tape ? kale mumble a muffle " fuck you " under the duct tape . gile ( cont 'd ) you be right , I will find it later . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 99 . 103 continued : 103 gile sit on kale 's bed . eye the book on serial killer . he pick it up , flip through it . gile ( cont 'd ) it 's funny , I hear a lot of author say they first book be easy , it 's the second one that 's really hard . wonder if you dad think that . ( off kale 's glare ) see with I , it 's the opposite . the very first one be ... ( sickly reminisc ) ... very difficult ... she be very beautiful ... fragile ... a lot of promise ... the other in Texas be fling , low class ... Patty walsh have potential , but so do Amy . you see she , right ? when you be watch I ? you should feel good , kale , you guy save she life . I be head in to kill she when you girlfriend show up . so , you be a hero , kale . savor the moment . ( toss the book ) you have Microsoft Word ? ( off kale 's question look ; be : computer ) turn it on . kale do not move . gile raise the bat : gile ( cont 'd ) I can type , you know . kale turn to the computer , lift he tape wrist to the keyboard . gile ( cont 'd ) " dear Ashley ... I kill ronnie and my mom because ... ( be : kale not type ) what 's wrong ? hey , you be the one who could not leave I alone . truthfully , I be sick of cover my track . you think I like spend my spare time look over my shoulder for people like you ? Word of advice , if you ever need to hurt someone , think everything through . because you do get a taste for it , do not you ? ( more ) ( continued ) d.j. caruso 100 . 103 continued : ( 2 ) 103 gile ( cont 'd ) but damned if people be not just wait to stand in you way ... cop , reporter , determine relative , nosy fuck neighbor ... next thing you know , you be on tilt , you can not think straight , you be clocking you teacher in front of the whole class , I ... I be hit a damned deer ... man , that be some shitty luck . ( then ) anyway , it 's pretty clear how we have gotta clean this up . the irony be , you have do all the hard stuff . whaddaya think : " Troubled youth finally snap . " maybe because he be jealous of he girlfriend , or maybe he just could not deal with the guilt from not save daddy . ( off kale ) hey , you google I . gile step away , turn back to the bed as kale suddenly do SNAP . he lean forward , grab the lcd computer monitor with he tape wrist , stand , whirl around , and hurl it at gile , smacking he on the side of he head -- a one in a hundred shot ! gile go down . but the forward momentum of kale 's throw combine with he tape ankle cause he to lose he balance . kale fall to the floor , scramble for the baseball bat just inch away -- gile stagger to he foot and charge kale . kale grab the bat , roll around and swing up at gile , whacking he in the chest . gile double over as kale frantically plant the bat on the floor , use it as a " cane " to pull himself back to he foot . he hop toward gile , raise the bat , swing it , but gile anticipate , grab the bat , pull it forward , and reverse jab kale in the face ! kale stagger back , but somehow keep he balance and the bat . he spin around , hop to the door into ... 104 int . 2 nd FL hallway - night - continuous 104 kale round the corner and run smack into ashley . the collision send kale back to the floor . ashley kale -- Ashley lean down to kale . kale gesture with he eye and head : behind you ! Ashley get the message , whirl around just as gile grab her . Ashley scream and knee gile . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 101 . 104 continued : 104 he drop she to the floor . Ashley scramble for kale , help he to he foot , pull kale back down the hall to ... 105 int . dad be office - night - continuous 105 Ashley shove kale inside as she spin back , slam the office door in gile ' face , lock it . gile bang on the door . Ashley go to kale , rip the duct tape off he mouth . kale scream in pain as Ashley head for the desk phone . kale it 's dead . Ashley grab a pair of scissors off dad 's desk , cut kale 's ankle and hand free . kale reach down to the ankle bracelet , furiously tug at it . ashley let I try -- Ashley move in , try to cut it loose with the scissors as gile suddenly slam something against the door , try to break it down ! ashley ( cont 'd ) where 's you mom -- kale ( tug on bracelet ) live room -- tie up -- he get ronnie -- in the kitchen -- ( then ; be : bracelet ) goddamn you !! ashley ( give up with scissors ) okay , just -- I will get you mom , you figure out a way to call the cop -- kale no , I have gotta get she -- ashley kale , you have gotta get outside , get over the boundary -- do you hear I ? kale ( beat ; then ; a idea sparking ) okay , but -- just follow my lead -- we be gonna need stuff -- ( continued ) d.j. caruso 102 . 105 continued : 105 Ashley and kale glance around for weapon . Ashley pocket the scissors , grab a letter opener off dad 's desk . kale find he racketball racket and the ball . pocket the ball , slip the racket in the back of he short , then grab the baseball bat as he head for the bookshelve near the door that lead to the outside porch . he reach up , run he finger to the third book on the middle shelf , pull it out , flip it open to reveal a key that drop in he hand . kale ( cont 'd ) once I have he attention , you go get she . Ashley nod . kale take the key , head to the porch door , unlock it with a quiet click . he swing the door open , step out onto ... 106 ext . 2 nd FL porch - night - continuous 106 kale raise the bat , swing it at the 2nd floor hallway window that separate the interior of the house from the porch . the window shatter . kale toss the bat back to Ashley . kale ( to gile o.s. ) we be out here , asshole ! there 's a lull in the thunder . all become eerily quiet for a beat as kale wait for gile to appear at the window . he glance back at Ashley who duck behind the wall inside dad 's office -- she glance to the office door . no more banging . she shrug to kale : " where be he ? " another beat , then suddenly -- a flash of lightning reveal gile stand in the other porch doorway behind kale ! ashley kale ! kale whirl around just as gile reach out , grab he by the throat , pull he off he foot and hurl kale through the shattered window into the hallway ! ashley ( cont 'd ) no ! you son of a -- Ashley charge out onto the porch with the bat . swing it at gile who promptly rip it from she hand and hurl it off the porch . Ashley whip out the letter opener , spin around , about to stab gile , but he backhand she . Ashley fall , smack she head on the porch railing . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 103 . 106 continued : 106 she drop to the floor , half conscious as gile pick up the letter opener , turn he attention back to the 2nd floor hallway window -- he Pov - the hallway - kale' gone . whip pan to behind gile -- reveal kale - charging out the same porch door gile just come out ! kale use he full body weight to shove gile back through the same broken window and into the hallway ! kale Ashley ! be you okay ? ashley I wanna kill he -- kale stick to the plan -- over this , kale pull Ashley to she foot . they share a smile as Ashley duck into the porch door lead to kale 's room . kale turn back -- kale' Pov - a bloody gile get to he foot and head toward the window . kale turn for the ladder , start climb up . gile pursue , step out the window as we see Ashley , in the b.g. , appear from kale 's bedroom and race for the stair ! 107 ext . roof - night - continuous 107 kale reach the top of the ladder , step onto the roof , but gile , from below , heave the ladder upward , trip kale . kale slam down on the roof , smack the back of he head . kale' blurry Pov - against a fury of lightning flash , gile race up the ladder and step onto the roof . stalk toward kale . kale get to he foot , draw the racketball racket from he short , take out the ball , assume a professional look serve position and wham ! kale beam the ball at gile -- and miss completely . kale that be a warning ! gile rush kale who wail on he with the racket . gile duck , spin around , bring he fist up and punch kale in the chest . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 104 . 107 continued : 107 kale drop the racket . it slide away down the roof as kale double over . but gile grab kale before he can fall . he pull kale up off he foot , pull he closer , get in he face . kale summon some strength , tilt he head up and headbutt gile . gile stumble back , pull kale with he . gile slam down on the roof . he and kale roll down the incline and stop just short of the edge -- kale look over , spot he stereo speaker a few foot away . 108 int . live room - night - continuous 108 Ashley round the corner , head to Julie . ashley hi , Mrs. brecht , I be Ashley -- ( be : duct tape ) it 's gonna hurt . Julie nod as Ashley rip the tape off Julie 's mouth . julie ( not flinching ) where 's kale ? 109 ext . roof - night - continuous 109 kale hurl the speaker at gile ' , smacking he hard . gile shake it off , grab the speaker wire -- with kale - he get to he foot , head back up the roof as gile suddenly whip out the letter opener and hurl it like a throwing knife at kale . the letter opener embed itself in the back of kale 's thigh . kale scream , fall to he knee . cu - kale cringe from the pain as gile , now right behind he , wrap the speaker wire around kale 's neck and pull . kale grab for it as gile choke the life out of he . kale only have one chance . he reach behind he leg , grab the embed letter opener , rip it away , twirl it in he hand and shove it back into gile ' stomach ! gile recoil as kale fling himself away from the choke - hold , fall back to the roof , roll down and plummet to -- 110 ext . garage roof - night - continuous 110 kale hit hard , the wind knock out of he . he look over , see he racketball racket lie there . he grab it , look back up . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 105 . 110 continued : 110 kale' Pov - gile stand on the upper roof , smile as he bring up the letter opener . kale 's eye widen . he pull himself to he foot , and sidearm the racket up at gile . the racket spin through the air like a boomerang and miraculously smack gile in the hand , knock the letter opener away ! with kale - he whirl around , race toward the edge of the roof ... and jump . angle : following behind kale in mid AIR , we crane up and over he peering down to reveal ashley' pool ! on the ankle bracelet - it flash red . ext . ashley' back yard / swimming pool - night - continuous kale drop into the pool with a tremendous splash ! he pull himself to the surface , peer up -- kale' Pov - the roof -- gile be go . kale frantically swim to the edge , pull himself out -- 111 int . kitchen - night - moment later 111 the kitchen door slowly push open . after a beat , kale quietly step in , heavily armed with a swim pool leaf - skimming net . another flash of lightning illuminate the kitchen . kale cautiously round the island , glance down : ronnie 's go . he glance to the block of butcher knife -- empty . kale grab a couple of table knife from the kitchen drawer , opt to keep the leaf-skimming net as he make he way out of the kitchen and into ... 112 int . entry hall - night - continuous 112 breathe hard , kale glance around , up the stair -- no sign of gile . he round the corner into ... 113 int . live room - night - continuous 113 Julie 's gone . kale 's eye widen . he turn around as ashley suddenly jump up from behind the sofa brandish a butcher knife ! she exhales in relief at the sight of kale who round the back of the couch , see ronnie 's body lie on the floor next to the entire set of butcher knife . kale where 's my mom ? ( continued ) d.j. caruso 106 . 113 continued : 113 ashley she go upstairs for you -- where 's gile ? kale I do not know -- the cop should be here any sec -- the doorbell ring . kale and Ashley whip they head to the door . kale throw a troubled glance out the window -- ashley what 's wrong ? kale no flash light -- stay here -- kale trade Ashley the net for the butcher knife . we then follow kale into ... 114 int . entry hall - night - continuous 114 still no sign of gile -- kale turn back to Ashley , then head to the front door -- peephole Pov - parker . kale swing the door open . parker kale , what 's go on now ? kale parker , where 's the cavalry ?! parker I tell them do not bother , you be my responsibility -- kale parker , you need to get they here right now -- gile be -- gile ( o.s. ) even . parker turn to see gile casually walk up the front step . kale parker look out , he's the -- as parker turn , gile suddenly grab her , spin she around and twist her neck . parker drop forward into the entry hall . ( continued ) d.j. caruso 107 . 114 continued : 114 kale stumble back inside the door , try to slam it close , but gile overpower kale , shove the door open , knock kale to the floor . the butcher knife slide away under a table . gile enter , kick parker 's body out of the way and close the door . he step toward kale as Ashley , from o.s. suddenly drop the leaf - skimming net over he head and furiously yank gile back to the floor ! kale get to he foot , grab a vase off the entry hall table and smashes it over gile ' head . gile roll away , only to be kicked hard in the face by Ashley . kale and Ashley tag team gile . but gile find a open and elbow both Ashley and kale back to the floor . kale scramble for the butcher knife back down the entry hall . gile get to he foot , pound after kale who slide the butcher knife out from under the table . but gile suddenly stomp down on kale 's hand . gile lift he foot up . kale pull he hand away . gile kick the knife away , grab kale up , slam he against the staircase banister , splintering it . kale drop back to the floor . gile lean down to pick he up when the butt of a shotgun suddenly slam into the back of gile ' head ! gile tumble forward , spin around to see julie stand on the staircase with a 12 - gauge shotgun -- kaboom ! Julie blows gile back into the wall ! -- and that's where he stays . Julie race down to kale , hug he tight . Ashley come to , slowly make she way over and join the huddle ... dissolve to : montage 115 ext . neighborhood - dawn 115 - Police , squad car , ambulance surround kale 's and gile ' house ... - crime scene tech tape off gile ' entire back yard ... 116 int . live room - dawn 116 - suite detective jot note as they question kale , Ashley , Julie ... ( continued ) d.j. caruso 108 . 116 continued : 116 - kale hand the detective the video tape ... 117 int . gile ' house 117 - detective and crime scene tech slide the bookcase away to reveal the body of the dead club girl ... cameras flash ... 118 int . kitchen - day 118 - kale sit on the island as case officer # 2 remove the ankle bracelet . Julie and Ashley watch in the b.g ... 119 ext . gile ' back yard - day 119 - crime scene tech excavate portion of gile ' back yard ... - a crime scene tech wave he colleague over , point down ... - glove hand of tech gently clear the damp earth away to reveal a arm and hand ... and matte strand of red hair ... 120 ext . gile ' front yard - day 120 - a reporter stand at the end of gile ' driveway as crime tech carry body bag to the coroner 's van in the b.g ... reporter ... the body of partricia walsh , miss since last week , have be recover along with the remain of at least three other woman . authority say gile meticulously maintain he yard , mow the lawn routinely in order to avoid the formation of sinkholes which could have expose he terrible secret ... hard CUT to : 121 int . counselor' office - day 121 a cleaner - cut kale sit across from a counselor . kale ( beat ) he be my best friend . we always talk about what guy talk about ... sport , woman ... food ... we be talk about the freakin ' fish -- this huge , amazing black bass we would just catch -- and how we would be eat it for a week ... the next thing I know -- I can not hold on ... and he 's let go ... I be so piss at ( more ) ( continued ) d.j. caruso 109 . 121 continued : 121 kale ( cont 'd ) he , I be so -- he 's the one who leave , he 's the one who give up , you know ? -- but that 's b.s . see , the truth be , my dad -- he save I . 122 int . 2 nd FL hall outside dad' office - day 122 cu - the doorknob . a hand slowly enter frame . wider to reveal kale and Julie stand outside the door that 's now be fix . julie you ready ? 123 int . dad be office - day - continuous 123 kale and Julie enter with two large box , set they on the floor . they both take breath , then -- start sifting through dad 's thing , decide which item to keep and which to box up ... as they carefully consider each one we slowly pull back and hard CUT to : binocular Pov - gile ' house . the yard 's be completely put back together . we be ... 124 int . kale' bedroom - week later 124 cu - kale intently watch . then : kale Movement . Ashley join he at the window . there Pov - Julie , wear she realtor business suit , walk a young couple up gile ' driveway and into the back yard ... ashley why 's you mom do this again ? kale she 's whacked . plain and simple . I think she think it would be some sick challenge or something -- hey , commission 's the same I guess ... they watch as Julie point out the yard to the couple . the couple turn back to the house . Julie suddenly spin around and give a quick sotto " thumb up " to kale and Ashley ! ( continued ) d.j. caruso 110 . 124 continued : 124 kale ( cont 'd ) no way . she can not be serious . ashley hey , if anyone can spin a psycho house into the opportunity of a lifetime , I would bet on you mom any day of the week . kale ( be : the couple ) Fine , but we still have to seriously question the yayhoo buy the place . ashley whaddaya think , another stakeout ? kale ( toss the binocular ) screw that . my mom have another half hour over there at least . kale pull Ashley back to the bed . they kiss , but then suddenly stop -- sense something o.s. they both slowly shift they head to see -- there Pov - ronnie , with a head bandage , stand in the doorway , aim he dv camera straight at they . ronnie ( do not mind I ) I be not even here . off this we -- smash to black .