private information divergent written by Richard base on , divergent by Veronica roth night pitch darkness surround , a narrow face , long , thin nose , blue round eye girl , dress in grey robe tris , 16 . around she be 5 door , glow , pulsing . voice ( hiss ) choose ! choose now my dear . choose wisely , you will live the rest of you life there . do not regret it . tris ( panicked ) no .. not now , I need time , I do not want to choose yet . voice ( angrier ) choose . tris ( plea ) please , I can not . voice be that way , and suffer the consequence suddenly tris be fall , and fall . look around she she do not see the bottom , and scream . int . tris 's bedroom —- morning tris jolt up in she bed , and rub she eye . she check she watch , a simple watch with no adornment , and sleepily get out of bed . tris ( to herself ) today be the day , test day . she dress in a simple grey robe , and exit the room . int . canteen — noon tris sit around a table with she brother caleb , and neighbour susan . in the b.g. people gather in group around the canteen . one group play card , laugh , and shouting . one group chat over book . one group of all girl play hand - slapping game . one group debate . the people at tris 's table sit quietly . a lady dress identically to tris step into the room . lady # 1 ( shout ) from abnegation : caleb Prior caleb stand up , and walk to the lady , but hesitates , and turn around to face tris . caleb good luck , tris . you 'il be fine . and Susan as well . susan nod she head in acknowledgement . susan thank - you caleb , I be sure you will be fine as well . tris open and close she mouth several time , want to speak . tris thanks , brother . caleb walk away , and tris look like she want to say more to caleb . time CUT int . canteen — noon lady # 1 ( 0.s. ) from abnegation : Susan Black and beatrice Prior . susan and tris walk to the exit , and outside the cafeteria , and a row of ten room . the room be separate by mirror . susan walk to room 5 , and tris walk to room 6 , susan grin at tris . tris walk into room 6 , and a dauntless woman with small , dark , eye , wear a black blazer , tori , wait inside . tori have a tattoo on she neck . int . testing room - noon tori do not worry , dear . it do not hurt . my name 's Tori , now have a seat and get comfortable . 3 . tris sit in the chair gracelessly , and tori attaches wire to tris 's head . tris why the hawk ? tris look ashamed the moment she finish ask . tori laugh softly , and look amused . tori I have never meet a curious abnegation before , most certainly strange for you faction . I think question be consider vain , and unnecessary . tris open she mouth , and close it again , like a fish . tori look at tris and just laugh , gently , not scornfully , but amused . tris I be just , just take back by the tattoo . we have never be allow they , or anything else besides the basic . tori that 's quite all right . the hawk on my tattoo in some part of the ancient world , symbolize the sun . back when I get this , I figure if I always have the sun on I , I would not be afraid not even in the darkest of time . tori pass tris a clear vial of liquid . tori ( cont 'd ) now drink . tris what 's this ? tori can not tell you , just trust I . tris tilt she head back , and drink . extreme close up - tris 's eye tris 's eye snap close . int . canteen — noon tris stand in the empty canteen , it be now snow outside . there be two table in front of she , one hold a hunk of cheese . the other a knife over one foot long . woman 's voice ( 0.s. ) choose . tris tense up . tris why ? why should I choose ? woman 's voice ( 0.s. ) choose . tris look around she , no one be there . tris relax a little , and scowl . woman' voice ( cont ’d ) Fine , have it you way . the canteen disappear . dark nothingness a dog with a point nose stand yard from she . it crouch , growl , and snarl . tris stay absolutely still , and proceed to bow . the dog accept the gesture , and tris proceed to stroke the dog . a girl appear dress in white . girl white dress puppy ! the dog growl , snap , and pounce towards the girl . tris hurl she body , and pin the dog . the scene dissolves . int . bus - day tris stand on a bus , and look around . all the seat be take but one in the back . tris move towards the seat , and be stop by a man read a newspaper as he grab tris 's arm , and clenches the paper . man with newspaper do you know this guy ? the man tap the front page of the newspaper . the headline read '' brutal murderer finally apprehend ! '' tris stare at the paper blankly , and show sign of recognition . man with newspaper ( cont ’d ) ( angrily ) well ? do you ? tris look thoughtful for a moment , and seem scared . tris 's expression change to a blank one , as she make she decision . tris nope . no idea who he be . the man snarl , and lean close to tris 's face . man with newspaper ( escalate ) you be lying . you be lying . you liar ! tris be visibly shake tris ( shake ) I be not . man with newspaper I can see it in you eye ! tris nope . man with newspaper ( whisper ) if you know he , you could save I . you could save I ! tris ( hesitantly ) well ... I do not know him . int . testing room - noon extreme close up - tris 's eye tris 's eye snap open . tori be stand beside she , with a strange look . tori ( slowly ) that ... be well ... perplex . tori stand slowly and leave the room . tris ponder at tori 's mysterious word . the minute drag on , and tris become worried . tori come back in . tori ( cont 'd ) sorry to worry you . tori 's expression change , and she posture tense up . tori ( cont 'd ) ( cautiously ) beatrice , you result be inconclusive . typically , the faction would be eliminate stage by stage . you only eliminate 2 out of 5 . tris ( surprise ) two ? tori choose the cheese would have confirm you aptitude for peace , and therefore amity . choose the knife would have confirm otherwise . you lie to the man on the bus , and you dishonestly rule out candor , only they tell the truth on that one . but that leave we a problem , people who tell truth , be candor , and abnegation . tris look confuse . tori ( cont 'd ) but , you throw yourself at the dog in selflessness for the girl . that confirm abnegation , but on the bus when the man say that you could save he you do not tell the truth . which rule out abnegation . tris ( interrupt ) wait , what do this mean for my aptitude . tori yes , and no . my conclusion be that you display aptitude for abnegation , dauntless , and erudite . they be call .... tori tense up , and lean very closely to tris tori ( cont 'd ) ( very very softly ) divergent . tori rights herself back up . tori ( cont 'd ) under no circumstance be you to share that information with anyone . absolutely no one , never in you life , forever . you understand ? tris look confuse for a moment , but nod . tori ( cont 'd ) I suggest you go home , and do some think . tori tense up , and grab tris 's wrist as tris turn to leave . tori ( cont 'd ) ( desperately ) choose wisely , tris . wisely . choose where you think you belong , sometimes you have to come first , no one else , you . choose for yourself , and above all , don ’t tell anyone . tori let go slowly , as tris 's hesitantly turn , and leave . int . the hub 's lobby - day tris , caleb , and susan stand together in a group of abnegation member . they dress identically in gray shirt , and gray slack . the group enter the elevator take up most of the space . the amity dress in bright colour , attempt to enter the crowded elevator , and the abnegation lead by a man who look like tris and caleb , they father offer amity the elevator . the abnegation walk in uniform follow tris 's father up the stair . int . choosing room - day the room be arrange in concentric circle with a podium and 5 bowl in the middle , and the 16 year old stand on the edge in alphabetical order . the faction sit together in group ( amity / peace , candor / Truth , erudite / knowledge , abnegation / selflessness , dauntless / bravery ) . tris 's father and mother come up to she and caleb . tris 's father ( confidently ) good luck . see you soon . tris thank - you father . tris 's parent turn to caleb , but then tris 's mother turn back , and clutch 's tris . tris 's mother ( whisper ) I love you , beatrice , no matter what . remember , I love you . tris 's mother forlornly turn away . in the b.g. tris 's parent do the same to caleb . then a abnegation member stand up to the podium and clear he throat . marcus welcome to the choose ceremony . today we honour the philosophy of we ancestor , which dictate we each have we right to choose he own way . it be century ago that we ancestor realize that war be not bear of ideology , or belief , but the facet of mankind 's personality , of mankind 's nature . faction be bear of the belief , separate by the quality they believe responsible for the world 's disarray . marcus wave to the bowl of earth . marcus ( cont 'd ) that who blame aggression form amity . the brightly clothes group smile as marcus wave to the bowl of water . marcus ( cont ’d ) that who blame ignorance become erudite . the group shift as marcus wave to the bowl of glass . marcus ( cont 'd ) that who blame duplicity create candor . the black and white dress group look to one another as marcus wave to the bowl of grey stone . marcus ( cont 'd ) that who blame selfishness make abnegation . tris move and shift in nervousness as she faction be mention . caleb grab she arm to steady tris , and reassure she . marcus wave to the bowl of light coal . marcus ( cont 'd ) that who blame cowardice be the dauntless . a group of tattooe and pierce people smile . marcus ( cont ’d ) this five faction have live in peace for many year coexist in harmony . abnegation provide the selfless leader in government . candor provide the trustworthy leader in law . erudite provide teacher , and researcher . amity have give we counselor and caretaker , and dauntless supplies we with protection from the outside ... marcus deliberately speak the next word with emphasis . marcus ( cont 'd ) and from the enemy within . but the faction provide we also with family , purpose , meaning , and life . apart from they , we would not survive , for faction before blood . therefore may this day bring new initiate , for a happier , brighter , better future . the room erupt into applause . marcus proceed to read name as the initiate proceed one by one to the bowl choose they faction . marcus ( cont 'd ) caleb Prior . caleb squeeze tris 's hand , and hug she one last time . caleb bring he mouth very close to tris 's ear . 10 . caleb ( very softly ) beatrice , we should think of family . but ... but .. sometimes we must also think of ourselves . caleb walk to the bowl , and tris stand confuse . caleb take the knife from marcus , and press it into he hand draw blood . he stand over the bowl , and very slowly , and hesitantly move he hand to the bowl of water . his blood drop slowly into the bowl turn the water even redder . the room erupt into mutter lead by the abnegation , caleb be the first abnegation to transfer . the erudite look smug , and the abnegation tense . marcus ( shout ) quiet ! quiet please !. marcus look down to the list . marcus ( cont ’d ) beatrice Prior . tris walk very slowly , and hesitantly over to the bowl . the room dead silent , with indecision show in tris 's eye . the abnegation tense up even more . tris take the knife , and draw blood from she hand , shiver a little at the pain . extreme close up - tris 's hand the blood well up on tris 's hand , as she hand hesitates between two bowl . the blood drip onto the floor . tris 's Hand move jerkily to one bowl , and one drop of blood drip . tori ( v.o . ) ( desperately , echoing ) sometimes you have to come first .... choose for yourself . choose wisely . extreme close up - drop of blood the drop of blood fall , and fall , and hit burn coal . the fire envelope the drop of blood , and burn stronger . tris turn to leave the podium , and spot tris 's father 's eye 's burn , look accusingly . tris 's tense up . tris 's mother smile , with tear in she eye . 11 . ext . rooftop - afternoon a train suspend on track 7 storey up roar by , and a stream of dauntless initiate jump out . tris jump out last . the Group walk to the opposite side of the roof where a wrinkle , dark -skin , gray haire dauntless leader , max , wait for they . max several storey below , be the member 's entrance . if you can not jump , you do not belong here . initiates first . a erudite girl gape . erudite girl ( incredulously ) you want we to jump of a ledge ?? max curl he lip , and look amused . max yes . erudite girl be there something down there to catch we ? Water ? mat ? max ( offhandedly ) maybe . who know ? volunteer ? max step aside , and no one move . tris slowly , and hesitantly move to the edge , and look down . it 's 7 storey high , and at the bottom be a huge hole , encircle by building on all side . she look up , and at the hole again , and slowly bend she knee and jump . it 's pitch black as tris fall . tris hit a net after a few second . tris look relieved , and shakily climb off . a dauntless member , with deep - set dark blue eye , four , grab tris 's hand , and pull she up . tris stand on a platform in a open cavern . four can not believe it , a stiff , first ? miraculous . probably why you leave in the first place . what 's you name ? tris hesitates , and four faintly smile . four ( cont 'd ) choose carefully , you will only pick once . 12. tris consider for a moment . tris ( with certainty ) tris , my name be tris . four hold up tris 's hand . four ( shout ) first jumper - tris ! the crowd of dauntless appear out of the darkness , and cheer . four pull tris away as the next jumper be hear . four ( cont 'd ) welcome to dauntless . int . the pit - afternoon the initiate stand at the bottom of a huge underground pit rise several storey high . cave be carve into the wall for food , clothing , etc . narrow path connect they with no barrier . the non - dauntless initiate stand awed . four this be where we divide . dauntless - bear initiate , lauren , be wait for you at the top of the pit . I trust you do not need a tour of this place . the dauntless - bear all hurry away , and climb the pit with deat skill . tris look around , count the initiate leave , there be 9 . tris 's abnegation uniform stand out from the rest be erudite , and candor . four ( cont 'd ) I normally work in Control , but I will be you instructor for the next few week . my name be four . there 's a general murmur in the crowd at the name . four ( cont 'd ) be there a problem ? the crowd silence immediately . four ( cont 'd ) now , this be the pit , you will learn to enjoy it . 13 . tris look around , there be no elderly dauntless . four move into the light , and he back be cover in a tattoo peak out from the collar of he shirt . four wave to the pitch black right side of the pit . four ( cont 'd ) that , will be the chasm . follow I , I will show you . the sound of fast move water break the sound of footfalls . the initiate arrive at the edge , and the floor drop off at nearly vertically several storey . there 's a river at the bottom . four ( cont 'd ) ( shout ) let this be the reminder that the line between bravery , and idiocy be very fine . one jump will end it all . it 's happen before , and it will happen again . the initiate murmur , as they be lead to the dining call across the pit . the dining hall be full of people , and clatter silverware . the dauntless notice the initiate , and make noise , applause , stomp , and shout , welcoming the initiate . int . dine hall - dinner the initiate sit around a side table , four sit with they . the table be laden with hamburger . tris look at the food confuse . four it 's beef , put this on it . four pass tris a small container of red sauce , ketchup . a candor girl beside tris tall , dark brown skinned , with short hair , christina , look surprised . christina you have never have hamburger ? tris ( slightly amuse and curious ) no. .... ( beat ) so , that 's what it 's call . christina eye widen ever furthur , and look shocked . 14 . four ( simply ) stiff eat plain food , extravagance be apparently consider self - indulgent , and unnecessary , food , clothing , adornment , everything . christina 's expression change from shocked to smirky . christina no wonder you leave . tris roll she eye , and giggle , the sound still a bit foreign . tris yup , because of the food . christina smile , and giggle , and extend she hand . christina Christina , from erudite . tris accept the hand , and shake it . tris tris , from abnegation . christina I can tell . int . outside the dormitories - night four arrive lead the initiate . he stop abruptly , and turn to face they . four we take initiation very seriously , so training be everything . some rule : you have to be in the training room by 8 o'clock every day . train be from 8 to 6 each day with a break for lunch . after that , it 's free to do whatever that you transfer do . there 's break time between each stage . tris seem shocked by the concept of time off , and free to do whatever you want . four ( cont 'd ) this will happen , each and every day ! understood !! 15 . the initiate all nod . four ( cont 'd ) you can only leave the compound with a dauntless , and beyond that door four gesture to the sturdy wooden door behind he . christina , four ( cont 'd ) be where you will be sleep for the initiation . there be 10 bed , and only 9 of you . evidently we be expect more to make it . look confuse . christina but we start with 12 ... four ( casually ) there be always at least one transfer who do not make it . continue on , in the first stage of initiation you be keep separate from the dauntless bear , but you will be evaluate and rank together . they will be better than you , so you must -- a mousy haire erudite girl cut four off . erudite girl ranking ? why be we rank ? four you rank serve two purpose . one , only the top 10 be make member . two , the ranking will be the order of you job selection . there be very few desirable position ; rank 5 or below , and you will end up guard the fence , with little chance of advancement . there be 11 dauntless bear , and 9 of you . 4 will be cut at the end of the first stage , the rest at the end of the final test . that who be cut must leave immediately , and be factionless . 16 . there be a murmur among the initiate at the word factionless . a broad shoulder candor girl , Molly , interrupt . molly that 's no fair . the dauntless bear have the advantage . if we have know - four ( dangerously ) if you have know , if you have know what ? you would not have choose we ? if that 's the case , then get out now ! if you really be we , it do not matter , you be brave . brave ! four turn around wordlessly , and push open the dormitory door . four ( cont 'd ) enjoy . remember , you choose we , now we have to choose you . int . dormitory - midnight tris lie awake stare at the ceiling , the sound of 8 other breathe in the background . tris look pensive , and she eye tear up , tris quickly dab the tear out of she eye . there 's a soft strangle sob in the distance , tris snap out of she daze , and turn . extreme close up - al' tear a large , and broad candor boy 's , al , eye glaze . a single tear drip down he wet face , slowly , and very slowly fall off he face , and onto the ground . int . training room - morning four stand at the front of the room contain shoot target , punch bag , sparring area , and different variety of fight instrument and practice area . another dauntless with long , dark , and greasy hair , cold eye , and a face pierce in too many different place stand beside four , the tension between they be very thick , both stand tense . the initiate arrive and stand in a very straight line in front of the two , some of they nervous , and other excited . 17 . four this be Eric , he be a dauntless leader . four gesture towards eric , who just stand there with no reaction . four ( cont 'd ) you will learn how to fight , to prepare yourself to respond to challenge . for dauntless , it be unthinkable to refuse to meet the challenge . that be life as a dauntless , meeting the challenge ahead . , head on . technique today , tomorrow you 's 1ll fight . learn fast , and you will not get hurt . the initiate each practice on a black fade punch bag space 3 foot apart from each other . tris try out punch # 1 . int . training room - earlier four demonstrate punch # 1 . four ( v.o . ) punch like you mean it , imagine you worst enemy , and punch like you mean it . int . training room - present tris practice punch # 2 , four watch she from a distance . eric in the b.g. leave the training room . intercut between past and present four demonstrate punch # 2 . four ( v.o. ) for that who do not have much muscle , use you knee and elbow . tris practice punch # 3 , she skin now redden , and crack . four demonstrate punch # 3 , the punch bag throw around like a toy . tris practice kick # 1 , the punch bag barely move . 18 . four demonstrate kick # 1 with a explosive kick , send the punch bag up , and hit the roof . four ( v.o. ) keep the tension in you abdomen as you kick . int . training room - present tris try kick # 1 again , the punch bag still barely move . four come over , and eye she methodically , and calculatingly . four move behind tris and suddenly put a hand to she stomach , and pause . tris tense . four ( quietly ) remember , keep the tension here , always . ( 2 beat ) never forget that . four retract he hand , and turn to walk away , tris still stand unmove , forget to breathe . four ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) use you elbow , and you knee . int . the pit - dinner christina elbow tris gently , tris turn she head and look at christina . christina that be insane , he scare the hell out of I ; that quiet voice he use . tris yeah , he 's definitely very ... tris look for word . tris ( cont 'd ) intimidate . christina accept that answer , and nod . a very large , and broad boy , al , approach they . christina spot he , and wave . 19 . christina tris , this be my , uh.. , friend from my faction .... christina notice she mistake , and quickly correct herself . christina ( cont ’d ) my old faction , candor , Al . al reach they , and offer he have to tris . tris Nice to meet you Al . I be tris . tris take Al 's hand . al Nice to meet you as well , tris . they let go , and al ponder , and open he mouth to say something , and close it again , and open it once again . al ( cont 'd ) I want to get a tattoo , you guy come with I ? tris look bewilder at this concept . tris a tattoo of what ? al I do not know , I just want to feel like I have actually leave my old faction . stop cry about it . tris and christina quickly look at the floor at the mention of al cry . al ( cont 'd ) what ? I know you both hear I . tris and christina smile at al 's word , and christina punch Al playfully in the arm . christina yeah , learn to quiet down , will you ? but , you know , you be right if we want to go all the way we have get to really be the part . christina specifically look at tris when she say be the part . 20 . tris ( defensively ) no , I will not cut my hair , dye my hair , or pierce my face , or do any of that sort of stuff . christina drag tris by she wrist , and pull she into the pit swarm with people . al follow they . a erudite boy , will , approach they , and tap al on the shoulder . will mind if I join you guy ? al look suspicious . al be not you suppose to be with you erudite buddy ? al point at edward , and myra . will Nah , they be dating . will point at edward , and myra again , they be kissing now . will ( cont 'd ) I do not want to be the third wheel . christina look at tris , and sigh . christina ( mumble ) you clothes ..... tris ( curious ) what 's wrong with my clothes ? they be not grey anymore .... christina come , I 'il show you . tris open she mouth to protest , but christina silence tris , and drag she in a new direction . int . clothing shop in the pit - night tris 's Pov tris 's eye be close , as christina be hear move , mumble . 21 . christina eyeliner , close you eye tight . tris you know , you be not able to make I look pretty . christina watch I ! besides , who care about pretty , I be go to make you noticeable . the sound of eyeliner be apply be hear . christina ( cont ’d ) okay , open you eye now . tris open she eye , and in the mirror stand tris in a floor - length black dress , shimmer . tris 's hair be now loose , hang over she shoulder . her eye be now pierce blue , not grayish dull blue . her feature now fuller . christina look extremely proud of she work , and gesture to tris . christina ( cont ’d ) ( excitedly ) see ... strike . you like ? tris definitely , I look .... ( beat ) different , like a different person . christina give she a funny look . tris ( cont 'd ) ( hurriedly ) it 's a good thing . sorry , it 's just I have never be allow to stare at my reflection for this long . christina look shocked . christina that 's a real strange faction , come let 's go watch Al get tattooe . tris look relieved at the change of subject , and follow christina out of the shop . 22 . int . tattoo parlour - night tris look at Al 's tattoo of a spider with intrigue , tori come up to she and tap she on the arm . tris jump , and turn . tori Nice to see you again , I think we would never meet again . tris 's expression suddenly change as if she remember the importance of what tori say to she testing day , and the fact that she seem to be hide something . tris move very close to tori , and put she mouth to tori 's ear . tris ( whisper ) I think we should talk , sometime . tori tense , and look around she see no one of interest . tori ( whisper ) I do not think that would be wise . I can not help you anymore . tori 's posture change . tori ( cont 'd ) ( normal ) want a tattoo ? tris look around , and spot a fly dove design . tris point to it . tris I want three of that . tattoos to represent start a new life , three to represent family I leave behind . int . training room - day eric and four stand at the front of the training room , the initiate gather in front of they . four over the next few day , you will learn to fight each other . there 's a odd number of you , one of you will not fight each day . 23 . the initiate all look at the list , tris 's name be by itself . the rest be pair : al and will , molly and christina , peter and edward , drew and myra . christina look like I be pair with the tank . christina sight , and tris look at the list . tris 's eye fall on the name beside christina 's molly . christina ( cont ’d ) yup , Molly , Peter 's slightly more feminine - look minion . christina and tris look to christina , christina in a group with peter , and drew . they be all tall , broad shoulder , bronze skinned , and bulb nose . montage 1 . al and will fight , punch exchange , al win 2 . peter and edward fight , evenly match , edward win in the end . 3 . drew and myra fight , drew win easily . 4 . molly and christina fight , christina be easily kick to the side by molly as molly assault christina over , and over again . al look nervous as he watch the match , tris be intensely focus . christina attempt to move out of molly 's way , but molly pin christina down , and punch again , and again , christina 's jaw , nose , and mouth . christina scream , and scream as molly continue to assault she . christina ( cont ’d ) ( wail ) stop ( beat ) please , I be do . eric walk over to christina furious . eric you be do ? done ? christina weakly nod . eric ( cont 'd ) get up ! four walk up , and grab 's eric 's shoulder . 24 . four accord to dauntless rule , one could also concede , she do concede . eric 's eye narrow , as do four 's . eric accord to the old rule . in the new rule no one concede . four a brave man acknowledge the strength of he enemy . eric a brave man never surrender . eric and four eye each other for minute , as a clash of different dauntless ideal . eric win as he 's a dauntless leader . eric motion to the entire group . eric ( cont 'd ) follow I . int . the river by the pit eric shove christina against the railing . eric climb over it . christina look dumbfounded . eric ( cont 'd ) ( pronounce deliberately , and slowly ) I say , climb over the railing . christina hesitantly begin to climb over the narrow , metal , railing , slippery with the spray of the river . eric give she a shove , and christina speed up . eric ( cont 'd ) if you hang over the chasm for 5 minute , you cowardice will be forgiven . if not , well , you better hope the river make a soft landing . christina get to the top , and slowly move over , shaking . 25 . christina ( softly , shaking ) Fine . insert - alas watch al set he watch , and the needle tick . tris , al , and will watch , lip press together , anticipation show on they face . the watch tick to a minute and a half , christina 's hand begin slip just a little due to the water . the watch tick to three minute , christina 's slip even more . the watch tick to four minute thirty second , and the river hit the wall . the white water spray against christina 's back , she face strike the barrier , and she cry out . her hand slip , and she 's just hold on by the fingertip of she right hand . christina try to get a better grip , but fail . the watch tick to 4 minute 55 second . al come on , Christina . only 5 second , 4 , 3 . christina cry out again as she wet hand slip even more . al ( cont 'd ) 1 second . al turn to eric as the watch tick to 5 minute . al ( cont 'd ) time 's up . eric take he time , very slowly check he watch . eric Fine , you can come up . Christina . al walk towards the railing . eric ( cont 'd ) no . let she do it . al no she do not she punishment be up . eric do not respond , and walk away . al reach over the railing , and grab christina 's wrist , and pull she up . christina look traumatize , and she eye skan we face . christina ( quietly ) thanks . 26 . int . dormitory - morning tris wake up , she face , and body be cover in purple - blue bruise . tris roll out of bed , and see that the word '' stiff '' have be spray paint in bright red paint on the floor in front of she bed . peter , the burly bulky , transfer from candor walk in , flanke by he two henchmen , Molly , and Drew . peter Nice decoration . still a bit stiff from we fight the other day be we ? tris quickly advance on peter , but wince because of she injury . tris ( dangerously ) do I do something to you , that I be unaware of ? if you have not notice yet , ( beat ) which I do not expect you to , we be in the same faction now . peter ( lightly ) I do not know what you be talk about . ( tightly ) and you and I will never be in the same faction . I think you have learn that after we fight , I distinctly remember knock you out . peter leave , follow by he henchmen . al , and christina walk in after a few second . al see the paint , and quickly walk to tris follow by christina . al do not worry about that , we will clean it up . Peter 's a idiot , if you do not get angry , he will stop eventually . tris look unconvince . tris yeah ... 27 . christina Peter 's just evil spirite , do not mind he , he will give up if he do not get he fun . he use to do bad thing , and pick fight with the child from school , and when the teacher come he have say that they start it . and , everyone believe he because he be in candor . despicable really . tris look more convinced . tris yeah .. Al , do you talk to will ? after , well you know ... al yeah , he 's fine , not angry , we all know that if it be not he , it be I . ( sigh ) now , I will always be remember as the first guy who knock someone out cold . tris smile . tris there be worse way , at least they will not antagonize you . al there be better way ... first jumper . al nudge tris . tris , al , and christina notice the time , and quickly walk to the training room door . they look at the chalkboard , and beside tris 's name be molly . christina oh no .... they be make you fight she ? al maybe you can just take a few hit , and pretend to go unconscious . no one could blame you . tris no , I can not , I already lose to Peter , I can not loose again . I will get cut , and be factionless . ( more ) 28 . tris ( cont 'd ) ( determine ) I will not be factionless . I can not . four move to the arena . four up first , tris , and Molly . molly walk confidently to the arena . tris take a deap breathe , and walk shakily to the area . four grab she arm . four ( cont 'd ) ( quietly ) attack first . ( beat ) you be fast . four let go of tris 's arm , and tris continue shakily to the arena . four ( cont 'd ) ( quietly ) you could win , if only you could learn to get they before they get you . molly smirk at tris . molly ready to lose , stiff ? be that a birth mark I see on you ass this morning ? tris look murderous , and molly suddenly make the first move , tris duck , and drive she fist into she stomach . molly do not react to the punch , and attempt to grab tris , but tris duck , and slip away . tris punch molly in the back , molly do not react to the blow . tris see four stand beside the arena , right elbow bent at a right angle , leave hand casually tapping it . four ( v.o. ) for that who do not have much muscle , use you elbow , and knee . molly punch tris , tris block with she forearm . molly groan frustratingly , and sloppily kick at tris 's side . tris dodge , and molly lose balance . tris rush forward , and drive she elbow into molly 's face . molly punch tris in the rib , and tris stumble . molly stand with she hand high , stomach , and rib expose . tris stand with she hand high , stomach , and rib expose . tris and molly eye each other , tris ram she elbow into tris 's stomach . molly fall to the ground , and tris knead she knee into molly 's side . 29 . tris continue to beat molly . molly move to protect she side , and curl up . molly ( whisper ) please stop ... tris ( angry ) no , hell no , not after what you do to I yesterday . int . dormitory - morning tris enter the dormitory wear only a towel , she freeze at the door . peter , molly , and drew stand in the back corner laugh , they turn , and look at tris . tris quickly walk to she bed , and fumble at the drawer . tris extract a dress . peter and molly walk up behind tris , and snicker . tris turn around , and jump . tris try to leave , but peter block she way . peter do not realize you be so skinny , stiff . tris get away from I . molly you look like a child , stiff . no one 's follow you order , you be not with you corrupt , government faction anymore . look at you , you be a child . drew I dunno , maybe she could be hide something . let 's look and see under the towel shall we ? tris make a run for it , but peter grab on to the back of she towel , and yank it off revealing tris 's naked body . peter , drew , a molly laugh , tris run out . int . training room - day four wrap he arm around tris , and tris punch molly again . molly gurgle . tris struggle against four 's arm . four stop it . you have win . 30 . tris relax , but glare at four . four look alarmed . four ( cont 'd ) I think you should leave . take a walk . tris I be fine . I really be fine . tris walk away . tris ( cont 'd ) ( to herself ) I be fine , I do not feel guilty , so I be fine . int . pit - day Parents , and adult mill around , mostly dauntless a few from other faction . the initiate all walk in , transfer , and dauntless - bear . they scatter to look for they parent . series of shot Peter stand with a tall man with busy eyebrow , and a short meek - look lady both dress in black pants , and white shirt . a dauntless - bear initiate with purple hair stand with a woman with a pierce eyebrow , and a tattooe father . will stand with a woman in a blue dress , very young , similar look , he sister . Christina hug a dark -skin woman in black and white , a young sister stand beside they . tris 's Pov as she scan the crowd . she see initiate stand with parent , and Drew and Molly stand off to the side , with no family beside they . then , tris 's mother appear with gray slack , and grey jacket buttone at the throat . Hair ina simple twist , and expression placid . tris 's mother turn and see she , and move towards she . tris run towards she mother , tear jump out of she eye , she hug she mother , and collapse into she arm . tris 's mother ( whisper , as she run she have over tris 's hair ) beatrice . tris blink , and hug she mother tighter . tris 's mother ( cont ’d ) well , look at you . you have certainly fill out . tell I how you be . tris you first . tris 's mother ( laugh ) today be a special occasion , I come to see you , so let 's talk mostly about you . it be my gift to you . tris one question , where 's dad ? be he visit caleb ? tris 's mother shake she head . tris 's mother sadly , no . you father have to be at work . tris ( look down ) you can tell I if he do not want to come . tris 's mother you father have be selfish lately . that do not mean he do not love you . I promise . tris look shocked . tris what about caleb ? what about visit he ? tris 's mother I wish I could , but the erudite have be prohibit abnegation visitor , I would be remove from the premise if I try . the tension have never be higher . ( sigh ) ( more ) 31 . 32 . tris 's mother ( cont 'd ) I wish it be not this way , but there be not anything I can do . the lie they spread be great than ever now . tris that 's terrible . tris 's mother look around and see four . she point at he . tris 's mother who be that ? tris oh , just one of my instructor . Rather intimidating . tris 's mother he 's handsome . tris yeah ......... four move down , and head over to tris and she mother . his eye widen at the sigh of tris 's mother , tris 's mother seem to recognize he . tris 's mother offer she hand . tris ( cont 'd ) hello . my name be Natalie . I be beatrice 's mother . four accept the time , and shake it twice , stiffly . both , stiff . four four , it 's nice to meet you . tris 's mother four , be that a nickname ? four yeas . you daughter be do well here . I have be oversee she . tris 's mother that 's good to hear . I know a few thing about dauntless initiation , and I be worried about she . four you should not worry . 33. tris 's mother that 's excellent , you look familiar for some reason four . four I can not imagine why . ( coldly ) I do not make a habit of associate with the abnegation . tris 's mother if you say so , but do not we all know the truth . ( beat ) few people do associate we this day , I do not take it personally . four ( relaxing ) well , I ’1ll leave you to you reunion . four walk off , and will arrive . will 's sister , cara , give tris and she mother a wither look . cara I can not believe you associate with they , will . tris 's mother , natalie , purse she lip . will Cara , no need to be rude . cara oh , certainly not . do you know what ( point at natalie ) she be ? she 's a council member 's wife be what she be . she run the volunteer agency ( air quote ) that supposedly help the factionless . you think I do not know that you be just hoard goods to distribute to you own faction while we don ’t get fresh food for a month , huh ? food for the factionless , my eye . natalie I be sorry , I believe you be mistaken . 34 . cara mistaken . ha. hilarious . I be sure you be exactly what you seem . a faction of happy - go-lucky do - gooder without a selfish bone in they body . oh definitely . right . tris ( angry ) don ’t you dare speak to my mother that way . or I swear I will break you nose . will back off tris. ( beat ) you be not go to punch my sister . tris try I . ( beat ) if you expect I to listen to people who spread the lie of the erudite , and of that hag jeanine , then you will mistake I . cara now , how be you so sure they be lie ? you have not personally get involved with this government yet , you know nothing . tris I may not know anything , but I have my certainty . and with that I will prove you wrong , and on with that I will go until I prove all of you wrong , especially jeanine . now , I suggest you move away and shut you mouth , before I seriously hurt you . natalie tris , you be not . come on , beatrice . we would not want to bother you friend 's sister . natalie lead tris through the hall , towards the dining hall , but turn suddenly into a side hall , and rapidly move . she stop , and crouch near tris . natalie ( cont 'd ) I say no question about I . I mean it . ( more ) 35 . natalie ( cont 'd ) how be you really do , beatrice ? how have the fight be ? how be you rank ? tris ranked ? you know that I have be fight ? you know that I be rank ? natalie it 's not top -secret information , how the dauntless initiation work . tris I be I be close to the bottom , Mom . tris look down in shame . natalie good. ( nod ) no one look too closely at the bottom . now , this be very good news . what 's more important be , what 's you aptitude result ? tris look conflict , and open and close she mouth . tori ( v.o. ) do not tell anyone ..... tris open and close she mouth again . tris ( hesitantly , and softly ) they be , inconclusive . natalie ( sigh ) I think as much . many child who be raise abnegation receive that result . no reason , they just do . you must be very careful during the next stage of initiation , beatrice . stay in the middle , no matter what you do , no attention to yourself . understand ? tris ( surprised ) what 's go on ? natalie I do not have much time , but remember I do not care what faction you choose , I be you mother , and I want to keep you safe . tris be this because I be D - natalie cut tris off immediately . natalie do not ever say that word , ever . tris why ? natalie I can not say . footstep shuffle in the distance . natalie ( cont 'd ) I do not have time now , visitng day be over , but there 's something you should do . if you see you brother , go find he , and tell he to research the simulation serum . okay ? can you do that ? tris not unless you explain some of this to I , Mom . you want I to go to the erudite , at least give I a reason . natalie I be sorry , I can not . I have to leave , but tell you brother , and do not seem attach to I , or you brother . tris I do not care what I look to they . natalie but you have to . you must . I suspect they be already monitoring you . have a piece of cake for I , all right ? the chocolate . it 's delicious , baked by Tori , we have a good long history . 37 . natalie run off into the distance , and tris follow . natalie climb up the wall with ease , and on the ankle of foot , a tattoo . tris see , and she eye widen , and she run after natalie . tris Mom ? be you dauntless ? natalie be no where to be see . int . hallway - night eric stand hold the list of ranking for stage one of the initiation , in the shadow invisible to eye stand jeanine . jeanine Eric . I trust you know what to do with the next section of the initiation . watch for the sign . eric and , if I find they ? jeanine contact I , and we will figure out a permanent solution to the problem . especially she , she result be manually logge , and abnegation . eric but , she display perfect dauntless principle , I expect much less than what I have see from she . I do not think she will be a problem , she be not a problem to we , I do not think she display the attribute . her slugging of Molly be particularly brutal , and dauntless . jeanine trust I , remember my iq be so much higher than yours . I get you this job , you know why we select you to carry out the erudite collaboration with the dauntless . I trust I know where you loyalty lie . eric yes , mar ’am . 38 . jeanine ( tightly ) good . jeanine leave , heel click . eric go in the opposite direction , and take a leave go up to the wall outside the dormitory . he post the list up on the board , and the transfer initiate all crowd around it . tris , al , will , and christina stand near the back . eric leave as four enter the room and take eric 's place in front of the list . four the rank be here , before you see they , there be some thing that need to be explain . after the first round of fight , we rank you accord to you skill level . the point you get be determine by how you do relative to you opponent . you get more point for improve , and for beat someone stronger . if you have a high rank you lose point for lose to a lower rank opponent . molly cough in the background . four ( cont 'd ) that who prey on the weak be not reward . that be cowardice . four glance at Peter . four ( cont 'd ) you ranking be separate by dauntless - bear and tranfers , cut be announce tomorrow . tris , al , christina , and will rush up to see the ranking . they read : 1 . Edward 2 . Peter 3 . will 4 . Christina 5 . Molly 6 . tris 7 . Drew 8 . Al 9 . myra . the entire group look confuse . molly ( outrage ) how be I rank lower than she ? ( gesture to Christina ) I beat she in minute . four ( smug ) yeah ? and ? you point be ? 39 . molly I should be rank above she ! four if you intend on a high rank you should not make it a habit to lose to lower rank opponent . molly glare at tris , and then turn on she heel and enter the dormitory , peter and drew follow . will and christina slap hand , and will hug tris . will look at you . number six . will grin at tris . tris ( anxious ) still might not have be good enough ... will do not worry , it will be . we should celebrate . christina grab christina , and al 's arm . christina come on , Al . you do not know now the dauntless -born do . you do not know anything for sure , we should still celebrate while we still can . al look at he foot . al ( mumble ) I be just go to go to bed . al pull he arm free , and slouches into the dormitory . int . dormitory - midnight peter stand in the darkness , barely visible . he stand over a bed , raise he arm , he hold a knife in he hand . angle on - knife in peter 's hand the knife be slowly raise , and shake . then , the knife suddnely plunge . 40 . a scream ring out , edward be scream . the entire dormitory spring into action . christina someone turn on the light ! the light flicker on , and edward lie on the floor next to he bed , clutching at he face . a halo of blood surround he head , and a knife jut out of he face . christina ( cont ’d ) be not that the butter knife from the dining hall ? myra walk up to edward , and scream . someone else scream , and in the distance someone yell for help . the sound of vomit ring . edward take it out ! it hurt ! take it out ! tris kneel next to he . tris no . you have to let the doctor take it out . hear I ? let the doctor take it out . now breathe . it will be all right . edward it hurt ! tris it will be all right , now breathe . the dauntless nurse arrive , and carry edward out of the room . tris 's hand , and knee be now soak in blood . peter enter the room . int . dine hall tris sit at the table with christina , al , and will , eat steak . christina do you hear ? Edward , and myra quit . tris really ? myra ? christina , 4l . christina yeah , she be go to get cut anyways , and she say that she do not want to be here without he anyways . will anyone find out who the two dauntless - bear that get cut be ? al nope , but at least I do not get cut . tris , and will all stare at al . al ( cont 'd ) what ? I be go to get cut if Edward do not quite . you know it 's true .