4-47 omen te " the final conflict " screenplay by Andrew birkin a harvey Bernhard production in association with mace neufeld third draft January 3 ; 1960 thou hast conquer , 0 pale galilean ; the world have grow grey from thy breath ; we have drunken of thing lethean , and feed on the fullness of death . Laurel be green for a season , and love be sweet for a day ; but love grow bitter with treason , and laurel outlive not May . swinburne , hymn to prosperine a-47 " the final conflict " fade in int . subway - extension - day 1 a vast mechanical mole driller move along a pair of rail towards the clay face of a tunnel . its head consist of a huge wheel armed with blade , like a turbo-engine , revolve around a hollow snout . the head come to rest against the clay . < a pause , then the wheel start to spin with a deafen roar , cut into the clay . at the rear end of the mole driller , a conveyor belt carry large lump of debris clay back along the tunnel , watch by a couple of workmen . one of they move forward as he notice something . 1st workman ( call ) hey , hold it ! the 2nd workman shout back above the roar of the drill : 2nd workman what 's the matter ? 1st workman we hit something . kill ita minute . 2nd workman ( call to Operator ) kill it , Frank ! the two Workmen inspect the conveyor belt , which contain large chunks of brickwork among the lump of clay . the roar of the drill stop . 1st workman ( the 2nd workman ) what be it ? 2nd workman ( shrugging ) forget it . I think we would hit a bank vault or something . a supervisor come over to the surveyor . supervisor what 's go on ? cont . a- 47 a - 47 i cont . ist workman we hit some brickwork . surveyor oh , that 's nothing -- just the foundation of the old thorn Museum ... ( show the supervisor the plan sheet ) see ? that 's the basement wall of the building there ... or what be leave of it after the fire . supervisor what fire ? surveyor oh , year ago ... some guy set fire to the thorn Museum -- burnt the place to the ground . supervisor nothing for we to worry about ? surveyor Hell no , the East River Park 's the only thing up there now . supervisor ( to 1st workman ) okay , let 's go . 2nd workman ( call ) let 's go , Frank ! supervisor ( to @nd workman ) I want you to take a look at the hydraulic on four , I think we need a new piston-head ... the 2nd workman follow the supervisor and surveyor away , leave the lst workman alone to watch the conveyor belt , close shot : the blade of the mole digger begin to rotate , eat into the tunnel face and suck great boulder of clay into its hollow snout . the lst workman starvis by the conveyor belt , idly watch the monotonous hunk . of debris flow by . again he spot something : a glint ov metal , poke out from a large boulder of clay . he be about to call out , then change he mind and haul it off the belt as it pass he , cont . a- k7 3 1 cont.1 the boulder fall to the ground , break into lump and revealing several metal object as well as old bone , stain brown by the clay . the workman kneel down and extract one of the object , rub the clay away with he finger . theme and MAIN title superimpose over the object in close shot : a rusty dagger , its handle bear a effigy of Christ erucify on the Cross . the workman lock behind he to make sure no one be watch , then hide the dagger inside he overall and hurriedly begin to salvage the other . int . pawn shop - day 2 ] ( MAIN theme and credit continue over ) . the workman enter a pawn shop , go to the counter , take out a pouch and unty it . the pawnbroker watch with disinterest as the workman unroll the pouch to reveal seven dagger , all identical to the one find in the subway . ext . pawn shop and STREET - night 3 ( MAIN theme and credit continue over ) . the seven dagger occupy a background position in the pawnbroker 's display window . presently the reflection of a man appear in the glass between the dagger and the camera , he eye rove over the content in the window . int , pawn shop - night 4 ( MAIN theme and credit continue over ) . close shot : of the dagger as the pawnbroker wrap they up , hand they to the man in exchange for a $ 100 bill . int . auction room - day 5 ( MAIN theme and credit continue over ) . close shot : of the dagger , now clean and restore , spread out on a velvet cloth before a auctioneer . a bearded man at the back of the auction room bid for they without much opposition , int . library - day 6 ( MAIN theme and credit continue over} . the dagger lie on a leather - top desk , next to several book open at section deal with Christian antiquity . in the b.g. , the bearded man talk on the telephone , ext . roman catholic church - new york - day 7 ( MAIN theme and credit continue over ) . the bearded man pay off the Driver of a yellow cab , enter a church , carry a briefcase . a- UT revised - " the final conflict " - 2/26/80 a int . roman catholic church - vestry - day 8 {main theme and credit continue over ) a roman catholic priest examine the dagger , evidently aware of they significance . he thanks the beard man who then go , leave the Priest alone with the dagger . int . airport desk - day 9 {main theme and credit continue over ) the Roman Catholic Priest present he ticket at the alitalia desk for a New York / Rome flight . . ext . aircraft in flight - day ( stock ) io ( MAIN theme and credit continue over ) a alitalia boe 74 ? in flight . ext . subiacco monastery - italy - night 11 ( MAIN theme and credit continue over ) a stark , crumble monastery in Northern Italy . int . subiaco monastery door - night 12 ( MAIN theme and credit continue over ) & Black benedictine monk , paulo , open a small door set within a larger one . the Roman Catholic Priest enter , carry a bag , and follow Paulo inside . int , subiaco monastery - crypt - night i3 ( MAIN theme and credit continue over ) the seven dagger ile on the altar of a dark crypt beneath the monastery . a elder monk , father do carlo , kneel before they in prayer . the theme music build as De Carlo rise , gather up the dagger in he hand , hold they before the Cross in silent bless , then wrap they in a chamois pouch and place it inside a small tabernacle set into the wall of the crypt . camera hold on the tabernacle as De Carlo 's hand ceremoniously close two little decor , both door be engrave on the outside , and when close , they combine to depict a image of the risen Christ . end MAIN theme and credit . fade to black a- 47 fade in int , viewing theatre - thorn commercial - day 14 fade up on the SOUND and vision of a blizzard at full force , sweeping across a primeval desert canyon . the blizzard reach its peak , then slowly begin to subside as twilight approach , revealing a snow - cover landscape , devoid of life . mix to : the same landscape at night : a white wilderness , shimmer and still in the moonlight . a pseudoclassical musical score fade in , follow by the voice of a narrator well - verse in the art of supplying slick voice over to commercial . narrator ( voice over ) fifty thousand year ago , mankind face its first major threat of extinction . a devastation wringht by nature . the Ice Age . it last five thousand year . rendered four-fifth of the earth 's surface uninhabitable . and wipe out all but the hardiest of nature 's creation ... the darken interior of a cave be illuminate by the first ray of dawn , pick out a series of primitive cave drawing on the wall . narrator ( voice over ) one of that few be man . from that devastation dawn a new age -- and anew hope , Phoenix - like , man arise from the freeze wilderness . and set forth upon he dream ... camera pan off the wall and onto the entrance of the cave . with cliched symbolism , it zoom with the narrator 's word into the rise sun beyond . mix to : camera zoom out from a different sun , panning down onto a vista shot of a African plantation destroy by drought . narrator ( voice over ) mankind have endure many catastrophes since then , but none so grave as the one which face he today . the economic crisis of the past decade have bring inflation , famine and chaos to every corner of the globe ... cont . a-4t 6 14 cont . a montage of stock shot illustrate the narration : starve black , disease Children , civil uprising , dole queue etc , the commercial be be screen in a darken view theatre , watch by a group of businessman . narrator ( voice over ) some label it the great recession , other be call it armageddon -~- that final upheaval of the world foretold by the prophet of old . but amid all the pessimism , one voice ring out its faith in the future . the voice of thorn ... the commercial show a impressive upsot of the thorn Building : a glitter skyscraper , shine like a beacon in the night sky , its light window form a giant " T " , narrator ( voice over ) wherever famine or disease have strike , the thorn Corporation have be first in the field ... a map of the world light up with hundred of bulb indicate the scope of thorn overseas ... narrator ( voice over ) ».. waging a relentless war on want by channele its resource , technology and research into project that not only aid and relieve the suffer , but lay the foundation to the future prosperity of all . the thorn Corporation 's logo and two - bar jingle end the commercial , follow by the throaty , coax voice of a and narrator ; 2nd narrator ( voice over ) thorn , , . the World 's lead Light in Building a New tomorrow . the houselight come up in the view theatre as the end - leader flash through the projector . sitting in the front row be damien thorn . now age thirty - two , damien combine androgynous good look with a disarming , charismatic charm . there be a underlying sexuality to he character , which attract both man and woman to he . cont. 7 14 cont . 1 sitting next to he be he personal aide , harvey dean , and he p.r , Chief , stigwell . the remain businessman represent the advertise Agency . stigwell ( to damien ) well ? a pause , damien I make that four mix metaphor , two split infinitive , anda float gerundive . the businessman laugh edgily . stigwell I do not think viewer pay too much attention to that kind of thing , damien ... damien get up . damien no , you be right , .. and they will not pay much attention to that kind of sanctimonious bullshit either . I say I want action , not word . I want to see thorn at work , not hear about it . a thousand starve kid clamour for a pellyfull of thorn soya ... thorn medical team at work , thorn construction , thorn engineering -.. sinstead of which you spend half the commercial give we a third grade pot history of the Ice Age . a pause . damien turn to Dean . damien do we have any footage of the Australian drought relief ? dean yes , but nothing special , and most of it 's be see on tv already , damien consider a moment . cont . a-l -7 8 14 cont.2 damien ( to stigwell ) all right , we will find something for you . in the meantime , go on screen the old commercial aoe do not want that one to go out . the advertise executive mumble " good -bye , Mr. thorn " as damien coast out of the view theatre , follow by Dean , int , thorn build - corridor - day 15 damien and Dean walk along the plush corridor back to damien 's office , damien what have we get come up ? dean botswana next week , then the aswan dam at the end of the month . int , thorn build - outer office ~ day 16 damien and Dean enter a reception office and walk on through into damien 's inner sanctum . damien could we get a film unit down to botswana in time ? dean sure , but we can not put we relief unit in till after the coup , and no one 's too sure how long that will take . int . thorn build - damien' office - day i7 Dean follow damien into a large , panell room , exquisitely furnish in the style of a Regency draw room rather than a office . damien go to he desk , he mind already on other matter as he talk to Dean . damien okay , then it will have to be the aswan dam . can you arrange for a unit to be out there when it go ? and make sure they give we relief unit plenty of coverage , .. do not let the Red Cross beat they to it . cont . 17 cont . Dean laugh , then think of a idea , dean hey , why do not you go =~ that would be a real coup -- damien thorn supervise relief work in person ... damien smile . damien I have get to stay here , dean what for ? damien to be on hand when the President call for I . ( pause ) he 's go to offer I the post of ambassador to great Britain . Dean look confuse . dean I be sorry -- I do not follow . damien smile . a pause , then he get up and walk over to @ bookshelf . damien ( casually ) be you familiar with the Book of hebron ? dean the book of who ? damien reach for a book , take it down , damien it 's in the aprocrypha ... one of the more obscure back - water of the septuagint Bible . ( open the book at @ mark passage ; read ) ' and it shall come to pass that in the end day the Beast shall reign one hundred score and thirty day and night , and the cont . a- at a - 47 10 17 cont.2 damien ( cont. ) faithful shall cry unto the Lord , wherefore art thou in the day of evil ?! and the Lord shall hear they prayer , and out of the angel isle he shall bring forth a deliverer , the holy Lamb of God , who shall do battle with the Beast .. , and shall utterly destroy he ...! ' ( close the book ) that ' the Beast shall reign one hundred score and thirty day and night ! be a rather fancy way of say seven year -- the length of time I have be President of the thorn Corporation . ' and out of the angel isle the Lord shall bring forth a deliverer . ' the angel isle -- the original Latin have ' ex insula angelorum ' ... England . the implication begin to dawn on Dean . dean the second come ? damien only it will not be the Beast who be utterly destroy , ittll be the nazarene , dean but what about we ambassador who 's in Britain at the moment ? damien turn , look at Dean , smile , ext , kensington garden - london - day 18 early morning . a middlenage american , faintly ~ distinguished , enjoy he morning consittutional , as of habit . his pace be leisurely , accommodate the park 's wildlife : squirrel , duck , pigeon , child on they way to school . [ in the b.g. , the distant hum of a chain see at work . the faintly ~ distinguished american ambassador wander along the edge of the serpentine Lake towards the Peter Pan statue , where a group of japanese tourist be take snap of fellow nippon . as the ambassador pass camera , a rotweiller dog emerge from behind the base of the statue . it observe he a moment , then move o.s . cont . a- 47 il 18 cont . the rasp of the chain see jar in the f.g. of another angle : two Workmen fell a dead elm tree . the ambassador walk past they ; the Workmen pause in they work , the see abate , but now another SOUND continue : a low , sustained chord , a grate dissonance , emanate from the same key note as the see , the dog disappear into the bush on higher ground . as the ambassador continue walk , he become uneasy , sense a pursuer . he glance back along the path , but there be no one . a gaggle of school child pass he in crocodile formation , giggle at a old woman flanke by plastic bag , feed duck on the serpentine Lake . on higher ground , the dog move through the bush . again the ambassador look back , again see nothing of significance . the sense of menace quicken as a score of violin be pluck in a rapid succession of butterfly stroke rise from the basic chord ( in similar style to penderecki 's " polymorphia for forty - eight string " ) . the tow path be now desert : a breeze stir the overhange branch . the ambassador , too dignify to run , increase he stride . the dog move swiftly through the bush , in parallel with he , but on higher ground , then overtake he . the ambassador round a corner , clear of the tree , and , with a measure of relief , sight the relative sanctuary of the serpentine Bridge , where a hot dog van be park , its rear door open . a Tourist squirt the last of the mustard from a plastic dispenser onto he hot dog , then move away , the ambassador reach the van , point to the hot dog behind a glass cabinet . ambassador ( to the Van salesman ) I will take one of that . van salesman in a moment . the salesman duck down behind the counter to refill the mustard dispenser , the ambassador look back behind he , still sense a pursuer , but there be only park stroller in sight . he turn back to the salesman . cont. 12 18 cont . 1 ambassador could you ... the ambassador break off as the rotwelller dog suddenly appear over the top of the counter instead of the salesman , its paw splay on the ledge . the ambassador freeze , catch in the gaze of the dog 's penetrate eye . van salesman ( voice over ; order dog down ) get down from there ! go on , ‘op it ! the Van salesman push the dog off the counter , throw it a hot dog to be rid of it . van salesman {to the ambassador ) with or without mustard , guv ? the ambassador have go . ext . kensington garden and road - day i9 the ambassador 's limousine be park at the side of the road ; a uniform chauffeur sit at the wheel , read a newspaper . he look up as he see the ambassador hurry towards he , turn on the engine . but the ambassador stride on by , completely ignore he . ext , park lane - day 20 rush hour commuter honk they horn at the ambassador as he jaywalk across Park Lane , seemingly oblivious to the flow of traffic around he . ext , american embassy - grosvenor square - day el the ambassador hurry up the front step of the american embassy . int , american embassy - hall - day 22 various staff member acknowledge the ambassador with perfunctory nod of " good morning , Mr. ambassador , " but he remain oblivious to they pseudo- courtesy and rent-a-smiles as he stride through the hall . a-47 a- lt 13 int , american embassy - corridor ~ day 23 the music have revert back to the low , dissonant chord of scene 18 , but as the ambassador coast along the corridor towards he office , the butterfly stroke emerge again , louder this time , a agitation of bat ! wing . int , amertcan embassy - secretary's office - ah day the ambassador sweep into he secretary 's office , head towards the double door lead to he own office , secretary ( rise ) good morning , Mr. ambassador . I just have Mr. sear on the line about -- ambassador ( interrupt ) itm take no call from anyone . the ambassador open the double door . secretary but he say it be urgent -- the ambassador curtail he Secretary by close the double door sharply behind he . int . american embassy - ambassador's office - 25 day the ambassador pause a moment , lean against the close door . he look about he office : impose , orderly , safe , the room dominate by the great seal of the United States adorn the wall behind he desk , flanke by furle flag , int . american embassy - ambassador's bathroom 26 - day tight shot : the ambassador cup he hand under a run tap , splashes cold water on he face . as he reach for @ towel , he catch sight of something in the mirror : cont . a- 47 14 26 cont . ambassador's P,0.V. : the ambassador see he own reflection partly superimpose by a shadowy , translucent image . it be both brief and indistinct , the spectral glimpse of some jackal - like animal , the image be only in the ambassador 's imagination , for when he turn away , terrify , he feature be perfectly normal . int . american embassy - PRESS office - day 27 a intercom buzze in f.g.3 ; a finger stab the button : PRESS officer ( 0.8.3 into intercom ) Press office . ambassador ( 0.8.3 over intercom ) this be the ambassador . I want to hold a press conference in my office at three o'clock , PRESS officer ( into intercom ) but Mr. ambassador , you already have a conference schedule for tomorrow morning at ten . no response , PRESS officer Sir . a pause , abmassador ( 0.8.3 over intercom , flat monotone ) Three o'clock in my office . the intercom click off at the other end . int . american embassy - ambassador's office - day 28 in a series of brief tight shot , the ambassador move about he office , his action be obscure , but be cont . a- 47 15 28 cont . carry out with purpose and precision , the music be again the low , familiar note , the jarring discord in search of resolution , the ambassador rifle through he desk for something , change he mind , go to a small portable typewriter and extract the ribbon . the violin begin to flutter as he unravel the red and black ribbon across the room , secure one end round the double door handle . seat at he desk , the ambassador adjust the position of something on the floor , the desk clock read 2.54 p.m . now he work be do . he settles back in he chair to wait . behind he , halo -like , hang thé great seal of the United States , flanke by the star and stripe . int . american embassy - corridor ~ day 2g the violin bat ' wing quicken in pace as the Press Officer conduct a posse of photographer and pressmen along the corridor , among they be kate reynold , a attractive , aspire young BBC journalist , who be accompany by she sound recordist and cameraman . int . amertcan embassy - secretary's office - day 30 the ambassador 's Secretary usher the Press posse toward the double door of the inner sanctum . she knock , but the response be lose beneath the crescendo of violin wing . close shot ; the Secretary grip the two door handle , open they towards she , int . american embassy - ambassador's office ~ day 31 the door open outward , the typewriter ribbon snake taut , full shot : the ambassador enthrone at he desk , winge by the flag of he country , crown by the seal of he authority . the vision be fleeting : a brief moment of serenity before the open door tug the ribbon tight , pull the trigger on a gun wedge between he knee and aim at he head , the bullet rip through the ambassador 's skull , splattering the content of he cranium across the great seal of the United States behind he . cont . 16 31 cont. camera favor kate reynold as the Press posse gaze stupefy . a beat of stunne silence , follow by the full , resounding chord of C Major . int , white house - oval office ~- WASHINGTON - 32 day the President 's Office , Washington . damien stand with he hand behind he back , look at a painting of John f. Kennedy while wait for the president to finish a telephone call . president ( on phone ) «eel know that , but ... no , I be not give out any statement to he or anyone else -- it will only make matter worse . and make sure the cable 's noncommital as well ...' the President convey he condolence , ! et cetera , et cetera , let I see it before you wire it , ( nang up ; to damien ) can you believe that ? the egyptian opposition Party want we to endorse they condemnation of Israel for blow up the aswan dam . how the hell do we know Israel 's responsible ? damien ( casually ) my guess be that it 's the work of the n.l.f . president who ? damien the nubian Liberation Front -- @ quasi- marxist outfit who have have a gripe against Cairo ever since the High aswan dam be build in the sixty . they claim the dam submerge fifty percent of they homeland ... which of course it do -- until now . cont . aa '' a pause . a pause , a pause , 17 32 cont. president how do you get this information ? damien ( vaguely ) one of we thorn relief team , they be on the scene before any of the egyptian rescue unit , and they have already piece together a good deal of information from local contact . president can you let I see it ? damien it 's quite unofficial , you understand , president I need hardly point out that if we can prove it have nothing to do with Israel , we could be averting a major flareup . damien I will have to check it out first myself ... I would not want to feed the White House false information , ( pause ) as to the other matter .. , I be afraid I can not accept the post , if I be ambassador to great Britain , I would have to relinguish my control over thorn , and I ... president Hell no , we can take care of that for you . damien it be against the law . president then we will just have to bend it . cont , 18 32 cont.1 damien consider a moment . damien there be two other condition , a pause . president try I . damien first it could only be for two year because of run for the Senate in ' 84 , second , I would want the presidency for the youth Council , president I have already promise it to Foster . damien I realize it 's a problem . the President meet damien 's intense gaze a moment , then turn away . president the n.l , what ? damien the nubian Liberation Front . the President nod , jot it down on he pad . a pause , then he flick the switch on he intercom . president ( into intercom ) Sandra ? send in Craig , will you ? oh , and Sandra -- do not forget the ticket to Saturday 's ballgame . hold it -- ( to damien ) want to come with Judy and the kid to the ballgame Saturday ? damien sorry ... tie up all day . president ( into intercom ) okay , Sandra -- just make it five . the President switch off the intercom . a-47 cont . a- 47 19 32 cont.2 a knock at the door , o.s. , and a presidential aide , craig , enter the room . president hi Craig . Craig , I would like you to meet we new ambassador to the Court of Saint James -- damien thorn . craig congratulation , Mr. thorn , president have eisenberg prepare a press release to that effect , will you ? craig right away , Mr. President . as Craig turn to go , damien shoot a glance at the President . president ( conceal he reluctance ) oh yes , and Craig ... can you add that Mr. thorn have also be appoint President of the United Nations youth Council ? craig ( surprised ) but I think ...? president ( irritably ) dust do it . craig of course , Mr. President . Craig leave the room . the President look a shade guilty , but decide to make the best of it , conceal any regret behind a presidential smile . he get up , offer damien he hand : president you father would have be very proud of you , damien . damien ( shaking hand I appreciate you sentiment , sir . hold a beat as the two regard one another , each aware that the balance of power between they lie greatly in damien 's favor , a - 47 revised - " the final conflict " ~ 2/26/80 20 ext . sar field : northern sky - sfx - night 33 a field of star , shimmer in the vastness of space , as see through a giant two hundred inch telescope . a low , harmonic chord sound , the introductory note of the christ - child theme , which will develop in counterpoint to the " damien theme " as the story unfold . the chord gradually recede as the voice of a English astronomer lap over , relaying a set of instruction . astronomer ( o.s. ) cassiopeia , right ascension , one hour , sixteen minute twelve : Select declination at twenty - two degree on a eight - by-four ratio . a rectangle superimpose over a cluster of star at bottom - right of frame ; two set of digital readout appear within the rectangle . int . observatory - night 33 - a the astronomer stand by a small tv screen , watch the star-field on a moniter , in the b.g. , the technician sit under a massive refractory telescope , he eye press up against the viewfinder , he hand work a set of control . astronomer Super grid r3 at eight diagonal , increase focal length to max . the telescope icom in on the area enclose by the rectangle , which be now superimposed by a grid scale of vertical and diagonal . astronomer hold . zoom stop , astronomer okay , hard copy . a cyan filter superimpose . int , observatory - night 34 the astronomer stand by a light - box analysing the monitor next to the tv monitor , study the select star-field print on a transparent cell . the technician stand beside he , hold a file contain similar cell . astronomer let 's see the one we take on Monday . cont . a- lt revised - " the final conflict " - 2/26/80 al 34 cont . the technician hand the astronomer a cell from the file . the astronomer line it up over the first cell : close shot as the astronomer line up the two cell : all the star superimpose one another exactly -- except three , which be now significantly further away from each other , astronomer now give I the one from last month . the technician hand he another cell . again the star superimpose each other , except for the same three , which be now even further away from each other . the astronomer lock up , control he excitement with a veneer of professional reserve , astronomer have we get the cell from June 1953 there ? technician right here . the technician pass the cell to the astronomer . close shot : the new cell show only a slight shift in the position of the three star , astronomer ( 0.8 . and December 1928 ? jump CUT to the fourth cell overlay on the other three . the shift in position of the three star be now almost imperceptible . the astronomer look up , contemplate the significance , astronomer ( to the technician ) what would you say ? the technician look at the monitor . technician itd say I be dream . the astronomer nod . astronomer and the rate of acceleration ? cont . a- 47 revised - " the final conflict " - 2/26/89 22 34 cont.1 technician ( look at the monitor ) a couple of thousand parsec minimum . look like we be in for one hell of a bang . astronomer a alignment , not a collision . ( pause ) okay , transfer to the simulator and let 's see if we can not get a accurate schedule predict . cur to : int . observatory - night bhaa back on the tv monitor , three star appear at the bottom - leave , bottom -right and top center , each contain a flash star . astronomer okay , whenever you be ready , the technician press a button on the monitor control , on the monitor screen , a digital countdown ocgin at top -left , display day , hour , minute and second . simultaneously , 3 series of pulsate dot indicate the anticipate flight - gath of the three star througn space as they leave they respective rectangle toward the center of the screen . the astronomer watch with grow anticipation as the pulsate dot travel on what resemble a collision course , like perpendiculars emanate from the three point of a triangle . the hour , minute and second digital move too fast to read : the day digital turn over at the rate of two day per second : 36 -- 37 +-- 38 -- 39 -- 4 of -- 41 : the three star read - out dot converge , puisate rapidly , and emit 4 series of expand ring , like radar wave . the die : tat read - out stop at the moment of impact : 41 -- 02 , 26 . oo . hold a beat on the astronomer 's reaction . int . observatory telex - night 35 close shot : the automoatic print - out on a telex machine in dlack . 141246 fernbank obsy UK 251991 subtaco italy advish trinity alignment estimate 0226 ers GMT 24 mar 82 rpt 0226 hrs GMT 24 mar 82 = favell + cont . revised ~ " the final conflict " - 2/26/80 22-a 35 cont . a pause , follow by a acknowledgement in red from the receive end : 261991 subiaco italy + ext , aircraft and sky - day 36 damien 's private jet aircraft in flight , emboss with the thorn logo . dean ( voice over ) the Soviet Union 's offer Egypt soya at fifty dollar a ton on a five - year loan at seven and a half percent ... that 's eight dollar less than what we be ask . they have get wheat on offer from Canada at ninety - five dollar a ton , corn at eighty - two dollar , but there 's no way they can afford it . a-k7 a- l7 23 int . aircraft - travelling shot - day 37 Dean sit next to damien in the central section of the aircraft , furnish in accordance with damien 's relaxed taste . Dean have a briefcase open at he side , note and papers spread in front of he , while damien seem more absorb in a book : j.k. huysman 's " a rebour . " damten ( without look up how much soya do we have stock -pile ? Dean consult he note . dean approximately eight hundred and fifty ton worldwide . damien all right , let they have the soya at thirty dollar a ton at five percent over ten year +-. that should put the government in we pocket for the next decade . Dean note down damien 's offer , damien the President 's push for that nlf report , but I do not want he to have it till it 's out of date . how soon can we pin the blame for the dam onto Israel ? dean we have get a disciple in tel aviv , name of schroeder ... not 's the under Secretary for Defense in the israeli government . buher talk to he last night , and schroeder say he can forge the necessary document to implicate they up to the hilt . damien no way of trace it back to we ? dean buher say not . damien okay , how long will it take he ? cont. ek 37 cont. dean couple of week at the most . damien nod . Dean continue jotting down note , a pause . damien when 's Barbara come over ? dean it 's a five - day crossing by sea , so she should be in London by the weekend , I try to persuade she to come with we , but she do not want to run the risk of have the baby in mid-flight , damien I can not think of a better place to be bear . Dean chuckle , continue write , while damien resume he book , the SOUND of toll bell lap over . ext , subiaco monastery - italy - dusk 38 the tolling bell continue over a establishing shot of the crumble subiaco monastery , silhouett against a twilight sky . int . subiaco monastery - crypt ~- dusk 39 Father De Carlo kneel before the altar in the darken crypt beneath the monasteery . , as the last of the bell die away , not slowly rise , lift he eye toward the Cross , and chant in Latin . six benedictine monk , hood and kneel before he , take up the chant . De Carlo turn to the door of the little tabernacle , engrave with the image of the risen Christ . as the chant continue , he open the door and remove the chamois pouch contain the dagger . shoot down from the Cross , De Carlo ceremoniously take the seven dagger from the pouch and arrange they in a semicircle at the foot of the Cross , the blade point outward . a pause , then De Carlo kneel before the altar as the chant end . cont . anu ? 25 39 cont . do carlo o bless saviour , who hath through the confession of thy depart servant Father spilletto reveal unto we the identity of the Antichrist here on earth , grant we thy strength and guidance in cur holy mission that we may rid the world of damien thorn , and thus ensure the sanctuary of thy second come . ( pause ) '' Lord , bless this seven sacred knife of meggido , which thou hast see fit to return unto we , that they may serve they holy purpose and destroy the Prince of darkness , even as he seeketh to destroy thy child of Light . the six monk chorus De carlot '' amen . '' a pause , then De Carlo rise and turn to they . do carlo I now call upon each of you to come forward and arm yourselves in the name of the Lord ... ( call ) brother Martin ... brother Paulo ... brother simeon ... as De Carlo call out they name , the monk come forward and each receive a dagger . do carlo brother Antonio ... brother matteus +-- brother benito ... the monk stand in a semicircle around the altar , hold they dagger before they . De Carlo turn and take the seventh dagger in he own hand , then turn back to they , do carlo ( quietly ) before set forth from this holy place , each of we must pray to we Lord in the silence of he own soul ... as De Carlo continue on voice over , we see each of the six monk in they individual cell : barren , white - wash cubicle , devoid of worldly trapping . each monk pray with a emotional intensity that border on anguish , and each clasp he own dagger before he as if it be 4 personal toss -~ a - L ? 26 int , subiaco monastery - matteus ! cell - night ho long shot : brother matteus , the eldest of the monk and a contemporary of De Carlo , kneel by he wooden bed in prayer . do carlo ( voice over ) since we be prepare to lay down we life in the pursuit of this enterprise , we must seek final absolution from God now ... mix to : int . subiaco monastery - benito's cell - night al medium long shot : brother benito , a man of inconspicuous feature , pray in the solitude of he cell , do carlo ( voice over ) »-elest we be deny the redemption of the bless last sacrament at the moment of death ... mix to : int . subiaco monastery - paulo' cell - night he m edium shot : brother Paulo , a black monk of African origin , kneel by he bed in prayer . do carlo voice over ) above all , we must ask God to grant we courage , guidance and strength as we prepare to do battle with Satan and he son , the Antichrist ... mix to : int . subiaco monastery - martin' cell ~ night 43 the camera move from medium shot into medium close shot on the last Three monk in prayer . brother Martin -- do carlo ( voice over ) the exact hour of we Lord 's second come , for which century have wept , have now be reveal to we by sign in the heaven ... mix to : a-lt 27 int , subiaco monastery - antoniox cell - night a brother Antonio -- do carlo ( voice over ) it be imperative that the destruction of the Antichrist take place before then , and we have but a short time in which to carry it out ... mix to : int . subiaco monastery - simeon be cell - night 45 brother simeon -- DBE carlo ( voice over ) my brother , remember that this seven dagger and ourselves be all that stand between the Son of Satan and the Son of God , for they alone can destroy he ... mix to : int . subiaco monastery ~ do carlo' cell - night 46 the final CUT be of De Carlo himself , he eye brim with tear as he pray in the silence of he own lonely cell , hold he dagger before he , hold a beat . run mer ican embassy - reception room - london - at high shot : a reception party for damien , hold in the main reception room of the american embassy in London . the gather boast a veritable pride of diplomat , politician and society brethren , but there be little evidence of the economic crisis as they help themselves to the fruit of the diplomatic life . damien be in long shot . in f.g. , two aging diplomat of the oid school converse over @ glass of wine . 2nd diplomat ( look at wine label ) lafite - thorn ? cont . revised ~ " the final conflict '' - 1/14/80 28 47 cont. ist diplomat ( indicate damien ) buy the bugger out . kate ( o.8 . ) be he really only thirty - two ? x kate reynold , the tv journalist from the BBC , be stand behind the two diplomat , a notebook in she hand . 1st diplomat no idea . should not be surprised . Americans always seem to think they can run before they can walk . like they wine , Dean have be stand beside kate , he back to camera , talk to he wife barbara -- a somewhat irrelevant woman by nature , a provincial specimen of America 's mid - West , who would normally be inconspicuous be it not por the fact that she be eight month pregnant . dean ( to kate ) to answer you question , yes not be , the youngest ambassador ever appoint by the President , 1st diplomat ( aside to end diplomat ) hello , reliable source ahoy . dean ( to kate , introduce himself ) harvey Dean , private Secretary to the ambassador , kate kate reynold , BBC , dean glad to meet you , miss reynold , ( introduce Barbara ) my wife , Barbara -- kate ( to Barbara ) how do you do . cont , a-at 29 47 cont . 1 barbara ( patting she stomach ) we be both do just fine , Dean turn to the two diplomat . dean and you , I take it , be inform circle ? 1st diplomat no , no , just season observer . dean ( to kate ) would you care to meet the ambassador ? kate very much so . dean ( to the diplomat ) Excuse we , gentleman , kate follow Dean into the throng , leave the two diplomat alone , the 1st diplomat regards the wine bottle in he hand . 1st diplomat amazing what they can produce from soya bean this day . on the far side of the room , Dean introduce kate to damien . dean Mr. ambassador , this be kate reynold of the british Broadcasting Corporation , miss reynold host she own weekly news show , ' the World in vision . '! kate ( correct he ) ' World in focus .! dean sorry , ' in focus ! -- kate ( smile at damien} or out , as the case may be . cont . a~-k7 revised - " the final conflict " ~ 4/14/80 30 47 cont . 2 damien please to meet you , miss reyneld . the Barbara Walters of the BBC ? kate ( lightly ) on my salary ? we be not call the british Broadcasting Charity for nothing , you know . damien ( warming to she ) that make two of we -- I be in the charity business as well . what can I do for you ? kate I would like to hear more about you view on youth , my son Peter 's a great fan of yours . he 's only twelve , but he seem to think you have get all the right idea ... unlike he old - fashioned mum . dean ( to damien ) Excuse I interrupt , but the israeli ambassador 's get to leave and he would like to have a word with you . damien ( to kate ) yes , I would be happy to talk to you . give harvey a ring tomorrow and he will arrange a time with you , how about Sunday ? kate well , Sunday I usually spend with Peter . damien Fine , bring Peter along toc . damien smile apologetically , then turn and follow Dean to meet the israeli ambassador , leave kate somewhat surprised atv she good fortune , x a - 47 revised - " the final conflict 's - 4/14/80 31 x ext . kensington garden and round pond - day as tight shot : a magnificent model battleship steam leisurely across a stretch of water , suddenly overtaken by a disproportionately large model speedboat . camera follows the speedboat as it zip in and out of the other model boat sailing on the round Pond . damien kneel next to kate 's twelve - year- old son Peter at the edge of the round Pond , operate the speedboat 's remote control panel . damien 's rotweiller dog lie beside they , more interested in a pair of mallard duck than the model boat . kate stand a short distance away , photograph damien and Peter in a carefree , snap - happy style ; beyond she , the sky be ablaze with a myriad of kite . damien bring the speedboat in to land . peter can I have a go now ? damien ( hand he control ) as many go as you like -- it 's you boat . peter mine ? ( lighting up ) damien on one condition . peter yes ? kate walk over as damien lower he voice to Peter : damien you let I play with it now and then , peter ( grin ) any time you like . ( see kate ) hey mummy -- look what damien 's give I ... and I do not ask he for it , I promise . cont . a- l7 revised - " the final conflict " - 4/14/80 32 xx 48 cont . kate ( to damien ) oh , but you can not ... peter oh , but he can -- he just do . damien ( to kate ) it will be much safer with he . if I be to collide into another ship , it could spark off a major international crisis . long shot : damien , kate and Peter continue to talk , but too far away for we to hear the conversation . a pause , then one of De Carlo 's monk , brother Paulo , enter shot and observe they as Peter move away to operate the boat on he own . camera resume in closer shot on kate and damien , watch Peter in the distance . kate you should not spoil he so much . damien kid deserve to get spoil now and then . kate I know , but I do it all the time . my husband die when he be bear , so you can imagine how he twist I round he little finger . damien to tell you the truth , he 's the one who 's be spoil I . it be not every day I get the chance to be @ boy again . ( pause ) you must be very proud of he ~~ I know I would be if I have a son like that , kate oh , I be ... but do not tell Peter , he 's conceit enough as it be . ( pause ) have you never think of get marry ? cont . revised ~ " the final conflict '' - 4/14/80 33 x 48 cont . 1 damien not really -- I be too much of a sceptic . besides , I have not have the time . kate smile . kate what 's be the big hurry ? damien reflect a moment , watch Peter 's carefree pleasure as he play with the model speedboat . damien you know , I sometimes really wonder . hold a beat . on damien 's wistful look of envy . ext , peter pan statue and serpentine - day 49 long shot : damien and kate stroll past the Peter Pan statue , they dialogue almost inaudible . Peter run on ahead of they , throw stick for damien 's rotweiller dog . kate Peter 's always on I to buy he a dog . damien you should do -- boy and dog go great together , we have have one of that in the family ever '' since I be a kid . you know they march with the Roman Army two thousand year ago ? kate really ? damien they be as old as sin . damien and kate stroll on past camera towards the serpentine Bridge . a-47 revised - " the final conflict " - 4/14/80 34-35 ext , hyde park - speaker' corner - day 50 long shot : damien , kate and Peter wander across hyde Park toward speaker 's corner , where a number of Sunday orator air they view before a ever-shift audience of tourist and spectator , above the general babble , the voice of a preacher begin to gain prominence , though we can not see he at present . preacher {o.s. ; heavily overlap ) »..' the day of Christ be at hand , ' write St. Paul in nis second letter to the thessalonian , fyet let no man deceive you , for that day shall not come before the man of sin be reveal , the Son of perdition , the Antichrist . and be not deceive by he , for Satan himself be transformed into a angel of light ... while the preacher continue o.8. , Peter spot a ice cream van and rush off to buy ice cream , leave damien and kate alone . kate you must think I very unprofessional , I have not ask you half the question I mean to , damien that 's why it 's be such a pleasure . you can save the question for the program . damien and kate be now within earshot of the preacher , although only damien react to he word . we now see that he be another of De Carlo 's monk , brother matteus , wear the civilian clothes of a lay - preacher in place of he benedictine habit , and flanke by a board proclaim the second come to be at hand . cont . a- l7 36 50 cont. matteus ( partly o.s . ) ... the hour of Christ 's second come draw nigh , the prophecy fulfil one by one . ' and there shall be sign in the sun , and in the moon , and in the star ... ' right now , my friend , in the constellation of cassiopeia , a holy trinity of star be converge to herald we Lord 's second come , and as the star over bethlehem guide the wise man of old , so this trinity will summon forth the faitful to pay homage before him ... brother matteus catch damien 's eye , each register the other 's presence , matteus ' rejoice then , you heaven and you that dwell in they , ! command St. John in revelation , ' but woe to you , earth and sea , for the Devil hath come down to you in great fury , know that he time be short !... peter { 0.8.3 overlap ) damien ...? damien look round to find Peter hold out he ice cream , peter what 's the matter ? damien nothing . I be just marvel at one of you more eccentric british institution , peter ( nand he ice cream ) they do not have chocolate so I get you a vanilla one . ( to kate ) here you be , mummy -- cont. 37 50 cont ,21 Peter hold out a ice cream to kate ; as she move to take it , she hear a growl behind she , peter oh look -- there 's that dog again , the rotweiller dog be stand by a tree behind they , and seem to be growl at kate , but the dog 's eyeline also embrace brother Paulo , stand beyond she , unobserve . Peter turn to the dog , hold out he hand . peter hello , dog . kate Peter -- stay away from it . peter ( teasing ) it 's only you he do not like . the dog pad over and lick Peter 's hand , then snuffles up to damien , kate eye the dog warily , keep she distance from it . peter ( to damien ) I wonder why he do not like mummy . damien because she 's not one of we , from they different vantage point , brother Paulo and brother matteus watch damien and Peter as they follow kate away , the dog tagging alongside they . matteus +..and the Prince of darkness shall be mighty , and he shall prosper , and destroy the mighty , and he shall cause craft to prosper in he hand , and by peace shall he destroy many . ' a- 47 38 ext , cable STREET and mission - dusk 51 cable Street , a dingy , il1 - light slum in London 's East end . presently brother matteus emerge from a side street , carry he " second come " sandwich board and accompany by brother Paulo . the two monk cross the road to a rundown house on the other side . a sign above the door read : '' cable STREET mission . " Paulo knock on the door ; it be open cautiously by brother benito , who admit they both , close the door behind they . int , cable STREET mission - dusk 52 De Carlo and he six monk be gather round a table in the basement kitchen of the Mission . the room be bleakly furnish , but include a old television set . do carlo ( to Paulo ) who be the woman ? paulo a telavision reporter -- I ask someone who go up to she for a airtograph ... ( glance at notebook ) ..- kate reynold -- she 's apparently quite a celebrity . do carlo and the boy ? paulo I do not know ... orobably she son , De Carlo pause in think , but matteus interrupt he . matteus ( impetuously ) please , father ~- let I be the one . thorn and I make contact -- eye to eye . let I be the bait to flush he out and destroy he ... do carlo ( overlap ) he will have read you thought as surely as you read he . we have to strike he off - guard , cont. 39 52 cont. antonto ( ponder aloud ) yet the target must be still for the marksman to be sure of he aim . the monk consider a moment . simeon ( muse ) a sit target ... or a sleep target ? do carlo ( shaking he head ) his residence be guard day and night . camera favor brother benito as he gaze vacantly about the room . martin ( o.s . ) and the embassy ? paulo ( o.s. ) impossible . benito react to something o.s. benito ( quietly ) there 's we sit target . the other look round . do carlo where ? benito merely gaze at the blank screen of the old television set . hold a beat . int . BBC television studio - makeup room - night 53 close shot : a color television monitor transmit footage of the aftermath of the aswan dam diasaster : thousand of homeless refugee swarm the bank of the Nile . shot of the breach dam ; et cetera , cont . anl7 a - 47 Ho 53 cont . kate ( voice over ; tv monitor ) -.- the israeli government have consistently deny any responsibility for the aswan dam diasaster , which have so far claim the life of over fifty thousand egyptian -- though many fear that the final death toll may reach twice that number . in wider shot , damien sit in a nearby chair while a makeup girl put the finish touch to he sparse makeup prior to be interview . two embassy Security Men hover in the o.g . int . BBC studio - corridor - night 54 while kate 's commentary continue on voice over , a couple of Studio technician enter Studio 4 through the outer corridor door . kate ( voice over ) already typhoid have break out among the countless thousand of homeless refugee swarm the bank of the Nile , and a major epidemic now seem unavoidable . the outer door -- mark , " Studio 4 : ' world in focus ! " -~ swing shut . a pause , then brother benito enter shot . he glance furtively either way along the corridor . int , BBC studio - studio 4 - night 55 benito enter the studio , pause a moment for he eye to become accustom to the off - set darkness , kate 's voice be now " live " , emanate from the " World in focus " set , bath in light in the distance . kate {o.s . ) as in Cambodia , the main source of aid have come not through any government of charitable agency , but from the thorn Corporation of America . benito move towards the set , keep himself in the shadow . cont . a- 47 a 55 cont . in closer shot , kate continue she commentary before the tv camera . a monitor to the leave of she eyeline indicate the use of film footage to cover she narration : thorn relief unit at work , unload soya from supply ship , doling out food and medical supplies from field truck . kate by the end of this week they will have distribute over eight million ton of soya produce from they massive stockpile around the world . int . BBC studio - makeup room ~- night 56 while kate 's commentary continue from the monitor , the makeup girl start to brush damien 's hair , but he instictively pull away . damien ( overlap ) that 's okay -~ I will do it myself . somewhat surprised , the makeup girl hand he the brush and in tight closeup , damien brushes he hair . kate ( voice over ; ? V monitor ) although the thorn Corporation have be criticize by some observer for what the Soviet News Agency tass term ' the capitalist exploitation of human trage 's , ' the egyptian government have revealea that thorn be supplying soya at almost fifty percent below the current market price . int . television studio - corridor - night 57 flanke by he two Security Men , damien follow a floor manager along the corridor to the studio door . kate 's ubiquitous commentary continue over without a break : kate ( voice over ) at the center of thorn 's global operation be the man who have become a legend in he own time : damien thorn . a- 47 revised ~ " the final conflict " - 3/10/80 42 x int . television studio - studio 4 - night 58 damien enter the darkness of the off - set studio floor , flanke by the two Security Men . camera follows they as the floor manager lead they to the " world in focus " set . kate ( voice over ) last week Mr. thorn arrive in Britain to become the youngest american ambassador ever appoint to what we still refer to as we Court of St. James ' , and later in the program I will be talk to he . benito watch from the shadow as damien be escort to the guest chair face kate . Dean and the two Security Men remain discreetly in the b.g. , out of the range of the tv camera and a short distance away from benito , kate but first , let 's just take a look at a few of the highlight in a career that 's already be compare to that of the late John f. Kennedy ... benito eye Dean and the two Security Men , who be both watch damien . from he vantage point , benito have unobstructed access to he target . he put he hand inside he breast pocket , clutches hold of the hide dagger ready to strike , asm , ( o.s. ) can I help you ? benito swing round to find a assistant floor manager stand behind he , benito what ? a.s.m . you be not connect with this programme , be you ? benito I be look for stage eight . a.s.m . this be stage four . stage eight 's across the corridor . cont . a- 47 revised - '' the final conflict " - 3/10/80 43 x 58 cont . benito thanks very much , benito back off into the darkness in the direction of the studio door . the a.s.m. watch he go , then turn back to watch kate , whose commentary have continue in the b.g. , overlapped . kate ( o.s. ) «after majore at Yale University damien thorn matriculate here at Oxford as a Rhodes scholar , captain the Oxford eight to victory in 1966 , as well as win the Westchester Cup at polo in the same year ... benito pause in the shadow , look back at the set . from he p,o.v. , he see the a.s.m. glance round at he -~ catch sight of he hover in the darkness . again benito turn as if to leave , but this time the a.s.m. 's suspicion be arouse . he walk over to the floor manager , whisper something , point in benito 's direction . benito hurry towards the door , glance round for some alternative hide place . he spot a iron stairway lead up to the lighting gantry high above the studio floor ... kate ( o.s8 . ) in 1971 , damien take over the rein of he uncle 's business , thorn industry , and within seven year have turn it into the world 's large multinational corporation , produce everything from nuclear armament to soya bean food . product ... the floor manager follow the a.s.m. , to where they last see benito , but there be now no sign of he . the floor manager shrug , return to the set , follow by the a.s.m . while kate continue o.s. , benito make he way up the metal staircase and out onto the lighting gantry . cont . ud 58 cont .. kate ( o.s . ) and now , at the age of thirty - two , damien thorn have enter the political arena , not only as U.S. ambassador to Britain , but as President of the United Nations youth Council . in two year ' time he will be run for the U.S. Senate , and be already be strongly tip to become the youngest United States President in history . camera resume on kate as she turn to damien , sit opposite she . kate a remarkable career for one so young , Mr. ambassador . damien ( with false modesty ) oh , I do not know . not when you remember that Alexander the great be commanding the macedonian Army at sixteen . camera resume on benito as he creep stealthily along the gantry , glance over the precipice edge to see how far away he be from damien . his view be partially obscure by the lighting boat , suspend a few foot below the gantry . he lean forward , but he foot dislodge a loose bolt -- shoot at ground level , the bolt land within inch of the a.s.m. , who glance up to see where it come from . from benito 's p.0o.v. through the hole : the a.s.m. , can be see as a distant figure , scan the gantry high above he . a pause , then he look back at kate and damien . in close shot , benito sigh with relief . kate 's interview with damien , which have continue almost inaudibly in the b.g. , now resume at ground level . kate of course that 's how many people view you , be not it -- as a sort of twentieth century Alexander , lead the world out of the present doldrum of recession into @ golden era of prosperity . cont. 45 58 cont.2 damien ( smile ) you have be watch too many of we commercial . kate but it 's the image you manage to put across . damien the image of thorn as a Corporation ~~ not a personal image of myself . but I certainly hold tremendous optimism for the future , and I want to see thorn play a major part in achieve it ... camera resume on benito , who now see that the only way he can position himself directly above damien be by elimb down from the metal gantry and strike out along one of the lighting boat , suspend on chain from the roof . he lower himself over the side and slither into the first boat , then crawl along it on all four . the damien / kate interview resume at ground level , low angle . Far above they we can dimly discern one of the lighting boat move slightly from side to side . kate you have always take a great interest in youth , Mr. ambassador , what be you plan now that you be President of the U.N. youth Council ? damien all sort of thing , but I believe the most important task I have be to help young people gain a more prominent role in world affair than the one we currently afford they +.,0r rather , deny they . what be this arrogance that always make we think we know better than they ? we calli they immature , naive ... ' wait till you be grow up and then we will listen to you . 's what we really mean be ' wait till you be grow old , and then you will think the way we do . ' so youth stand aside , because it have no other choice , and we set to work ... cont . revised - " the final conflict " - 2/26/80 46 58 cont. damien ( o.8 . ) we ply they with we value , indoctrinate they with we mediocrity , until finally they emerge from they brain - wash education as so-called fully - fledge citizen ... close shot damien , as he muster all he charm for the benefit of the camera -- damien clipped , impotent . but above all , safe . no wonder each ... shcote along the lighting boat , benito lean over the edge at the far end , ready to strike , suddenly one of the support chain in f.g. break loose from boat clamp ... the boat lurch forward , the sudden weight on the other clamp cause the second chain to break free ... shoot in low angle from ground level : the boat take a nose -dive , swinging through the air like a lifeboat suspend from one davit . benito slide down the length of the boat , dislodge clamp in a desperate attempt to cling on . kate ( a warning cry ) damien ...! damien jump clear of the set as two of the arc lamp tear ioese from the boat and hurtle to the floor , explode on impact and ignite the nylon drape . benito try in vain to clutch onto the boat as he slide eff the end , he foot catch up on the cable of one of the lamp . he plunge towards the studio floor , but he fall be break short bythe cable . which proceed to swing he upside . a- 47 revised - " the final conflict " - 3/10/80 at x 58 cont . 4 down in a giant be across the set . like the ball on the end of a demolition chain , benito 's body crash through one of the plywood wall of the set , then swing he back through the flame drape , envelop he body in molten nylon . the studio be now in chaos as technician and personnel race for cover from the inferno , as benito reach the centre of the cable 's fulcrum , he body , swathed in molten drape like a egyptian mummy , become a human torch as it catch fire . while studio firemen begin hose benito 's writhe body , damien react to the glimpse of the dagger within the blaze debris , Dean scramble through the smoke towards he -- dean Mr. ambassador ... ( yell at firemen ) hey you -- over here ! damien it 's okay , it 's nothing ... let 's just get out of here -- damien hurry away , escort by Dean and the two Security Men . hold a beat on the char body of benito as he hang suspend from the cable , steaming beneath the fire extinguisher foam , hold a beat . int . brocket hall - drawing room - night 59 Dean stand with a drink in he hand , reacting to damien , who be nearby , he back to camera , dean what do you mean , no accident ? damien turn round , pull from he jacket the erucifix dagger , char by the fire . damien I mean this . ( hold the dagger menacingly at Dean ) if that lamp have fall on top of I ... if the whole building have cave in on I , I should have come through unscathed , cont . revised - " the final conflict " - 3/10/80 48 59 cont. damien ( cont . ) pause ) but if this knife , if this worthless scrap of metal have so much as scratch the skin on my hand , I should have cease to be . dean why , what be it ? damien one of the Seven knive of meggido -- the sole earthly mean of my destruction . they be discover in Israel when I be a child , a archaeologist call bugenhagen find they . it be bugenhagen who prevert my poor father 's mind . he give he the knife , urge he to murder I . but I have the love of my true father to protect I : the love of Satan , the love that conquer all who seek to destroy I , damien pause , stroking the dagger against he own neck , lose in think , a-lt 4g ext . brocket hall - night 60 a chauffeur- drive Rover pull outside brocket Hall -- damien 's official residence as the american ambassador . int . brocket hall - drawing room - night 61 Dean watch damien , still idling the dagger in he hand . a pause . dean where be the other ? damien Hom ? dean you say there be seven dagger -- where be the other six ? damien that 's what you be go to find out . dean I ? damien you can start by call up buher ... have he check out the site of the old thorn Museum in Chicago . the dagger must have be dig up , and now they have find they way into the hand of someone who know who I be . and whoever know who I be must also know of the prophecy ... know that the birth of the nazarene be imminent ... cont . a- UT 50 61 cont. damien ( cont . ) ( pause ) get onto buher right away -- tell he to get to Chicago as soon as he can . dean but buher 's in Washington , tie up with the israeli operation . schroeder 's drop the aswan dam bombshell tomorrow at 4 a.m. and buher 's get to be at the White House to ... damien ( round on he ) you asshole , have not you understand ? they be out to destroy I ... and if they destroy I , everyone go down with I -- and I mean everyone . a knock at the door . damien yes ? the door open and a man servant enter . man servant Excuse I , sir , but the car 's here to take Mr. Dean to the harley Street Hospital . damien look at Dean , dean ( to damien ) Barbara go into labor this afternoon ... the baby 's due any time . damien do not respond . Dean turn to the man servant . cont. 51 61 cont.1 dean ( awkwardly ) I will , er -- tell he I will be with he shortly . man servant very good , sir . the man servant leave . a pause . damien you will go to the embassy first and call buher . after that you can go where the fuck you like . Dean nod , somewhat meekly , leave the room , mumble " good night " as he go . a long pause , then damien turn to the fire , watch the die ember . damien ( almost a whisper ) ' and what rough beast , its hour come round at last , slouches towards bethlehem to be bear ?! in long shot : damien remain gaze at the fire . another pause , then he exhales a long , weary sigh . int . cable STREET mission - night 62 De Carlo and the five survive monk sit around the table in the basement of the Mission . brother Paulo scan the even Standard , headline " ambassador thorn in tv blaze drama , paulo '' t a unidentified intruder 's ... that 's all it say . be carlo no mention of the dagger ? cont . a-47 a - 47 De Carlo 62 cont . paulo no , they seem to be treat it as a accident . do carlo thorn know it be no accident . paulo not accord to this . ( read ) ' in a statement issue from the american embassy , ambassador thorn state that he be satisfied there be no connection between himself and the ' unfortunate victim . ' ' ! reflect a moment . do carlo we priority now be to locate the Holy child as soon as he be bear . brother simeon and brother Antonio , I want you to make ready to come with I tonight to ascertain his birthplace , for the hour draw near . the rest of you must wait till we return before decide how to proceed . we effort must be strictly coordinate next time ... we can not afford to make a second mistake . int . brocket hall - hallway and stair - night 63 from the the hallway , in semi darkness . presently damien emerge dining room . he walk slowly across the hall , up the stair , then pause . damien ( call ) George ? cont . revised ~ " the final conflict " - 2/26/80 53 63 cont. a pause , then the man servant appear at a hallway door lead down to the servant ! quarter . man servant yes , Mr. ambassador ? damien T will not be need anything else tonight . man servant right you be , sir . good night . the man servant disappear , close the door behind he . as damien continue up the stair , the low , dissonant chord of the damien theme filter in . int , brocket hall ~- gallery overlooking hall - 64 night damien walk along the gallery overlook the hall , the tremble , flutter violin wing building all the while . ( the camera angle and lighting stir the memory of damien 's boyhood attempt to kill he mother , when he ride by on he tricycle , dislodge she from a bannister and hurl she down to the hallway below ) . int , brocket hall ~- corridor - night 65 damien move along a series of darken corridor , as if draw on by he own theme . as he pass a doorway , the rotweiller dog appear from the shadow and pad behind he , panting with anticipation , int . brocket hall - corridor outside chapel - 66 night damien walk to the end of a narrow corridor . in long shot he unlock a door at the far end and enter the room beyond . the Dog remain outside , as if on guard . a long pause . cont . revised - " the final conflict '' - 3/31/80 5h x int , brocket hall - damtezn' chapel - night 67 fotal darkness . damien 's voice be hear o.s. as he invoke he father in the style of a soliloquy . damien ( voice over ; quietly ) o my father , Lord of silence , Supreme God of desolation , whom mankind revile , yet aches to embrace , strengthen my purpose to save the world from a second ordeal of Jesus Christ and he grubby , mundane creed . two thousand year have be enough ! damien emerge from the darkness , move towards a crucify effigy of Christ . damien show man instead the rapture of thy kingdom : infuse in he the grandeur of melancholy , the divinity of loneliness , the purity of evil , the paradise of pain . what pervert imagination have feed mankind the lie that heil fester in the bowel of the earth ? there be only one hell : the leaden monotony of human existence ; there be only one heaven : the ecstacy of my father 's kingdom ! damien turn on Christ , whom we now see to be crucify in such @ manner that both he front and rear be visible . damien nazarene charlatan , what can you offer humanity ? since the hour you vomit forth from the gape wound of a woman , you have do nothing but crush man 's soar desire in a deluge of sanctimonious morality . you have inflame the pubertal mind ef youth with you repellant dogman of original Sin . and now you be resolve on deny he ultimate joy beyond death by destroy I . but you will cont . a-47 revised ~ " the final conflict " - 3/31/80 55 ae x 67 cont . damien ( cont . ) fail , nazarene , as you have always fail . we be both create in man 's image , but while you be bear of a impotent God , I be conceive of a jackal , bear of Satan -- the desolate one -- the nail . you pain on the cross be but a splinter compare to the agony of my father : cast out from heaven , the fall angel , banish , revile ! suddenly damien lurch forward , grab the crown of thorns in he open palm . damien I would drive deeper the thorns into you rancid carcass , you profaner of vice , accurse nazarene ! ( look up ) qo Satan , beloved father , I will avenge thy torment by destroy the Christ forever ! damien grip the crown of thorns , imbed the metal spike into he palm . a simple tear of blood run down the torture gaze of Christ . sharp CUT to : ext . observatory - night 68 long shot : the vast two - hundred - and -fifty - foot dish antenna of a observatory , silhouett against a moonlit sky . a moment 's silence , then the low , harmonic chord of the Christ child theme fade gently in , slowly building as the sequence progress . int . brocket hall - damien' bedroom - night 69 damien lie in bed , asleep , visible only by the moonlight filter in from the window . the rotweiller Dog lie on the floor at the foot of the bed , also asleep . int . observatory - observation area - night 79 high shot : shoot across the observation Area toward the elevator door at the far end . the door open , and a technician emerge , follow by De Carlo , brother Antonio and brother simeon . cont . a- 47 revised - " the final conflict " - 3/31/80 56 — — — — — — — — ooo x 70 cont . the technician conduct the group towards a bank of data panel , where the astronomer be check a computer print-out . camera remains in long shot as the astronomer shake hand with each of the churchman . the dialogue be inaudible , but evidently the purpose of they visit be mutually understand . the astronomer lead the group from the observation Area to a adjacent data room . int . brocket hall - damien' bedroom - night 71 the Christ child theme continue to build as damien sleep on . the rotweiller Dog stir at the foot of the bed , then open its eye and glance about the room , sense danger . a- l7 57 int , observatory - data room ~- night 72 the Three churchman stand in front of the large scan monitor , display the overall starfield of the northern sky within the pre-select area see earlier . the astronomer watch the same image on a small monitor mount above the analysis console , enable he to keep a simultaneous check on a satellite map of the western hemisphere , display on a grid scanner . both monitor exhibit digital read-out top right , give day , hour , minute and second : 41 ~ 02 . 21 . 57 ( 58 , 59 , 22,00 , ol etc ) . a corresponding countdown digital read - out be display bottom leave , compute in second : 0000243 ( 242 , 241 , 240 , 239 etc ) . as before , the astronomer address he instruction via a intercom . astronomer convert to x-ray eighty -four . a x-ray process superimpose the star-field on both monitor . astronomer Select declination at forty - four degree twenty - one , frame on the ar~four predict . the telescope zoom in on the select area , display on the two monitor . astronomer hold . zoom stop , astronomer Super Polarize filter one -a. a polarize filter superimpose the x-ray , convert the image to indigo for great contrast . the digital read - out at top right read 41 - 02. 22 , 09 . , with the corresponding countdown display at bottom leave on 0000231 , int , brocket hall - damien' bedroom - night 73 the rotweiller Dog stand by the window , whining at the moonlight . in f.g. damien turn in he sleep . ext , STAR field - sfx - night 74 full shot : the outer realm of space , a darken void , embroider with a myriad of tiny star and silken nebulae , the countdown digital now read 000084 , regress by the second , while the corresponding digital at top right read 41 = 02 , 24 , 36 , , progress at the same rate . cont . a- 47 58 74 cont. gradually a glow begin to seep in from bottom - leave , bottom -right and top-center of frame : three halos dawn , vanguard of light grow brighter and brighter as they move steadily forward , suddenly the screen flare blind white , astronomer ( o.8 . ) Super Polarize filter ten -- a dense polarize superimpose , silnouetting the three massive sun that have blaze into vision : molten dise , shimmer in slow motion , they coronas alive with hoop of fire , move steadily towards each other . int , brocket hall - damien' bedroom - night 75 damien twist and turn in he sleep , as if in the grip of a nightmare , while the rotweiller Dog whine disconsolate at the window , scratch its paw against the glass , int , observatory - data room - night 76 as the music build and cut pace tighten , camera move in on the astronomert p.o.v. of the grid scanner display the satellite man : three ring , simulate the star position in relation to the earth , begin to converge on each other . as they do so , the map enlarge within the scanner , follow they course as the alignment concentrate over Northern Europe , narrowing down to the british isle . high shot : the Three churchman gaze up at the scan monitor , they face glow brighter in the reflect light of the screen -- ext . STAR field - sfx - night tt the digital read - out at bottom - leave count down from 000012 - 11 - 10 - 9 - 8 as the three sun begin to converge , trebling they intensity -- int , brocket hall - damien' bedroom ~ night 78 damien groan in the thoes of he nightmare , oblivious to the rotweiller Dog , int , observatory - data room - night 79 close shot : the grid scanner , now tight on Southern England as the three ring verge on alignment -- cont . a~ l7 59 79 cont . high shot , shoot down from the scan monitor onto the Three churehmen gaze up , they face transfigure in light -- ext , STAR pield - sfx - night 80 000003 += 2 - 1 + 0 : the three sun merge in a blaze of light -- int . observatory - data room - night 81 the three ring converge on the grid scanner , pulsate a series of dot into the center of they joint circle . int . brocket hall - damien' bedroom - night & 2 a beat of darkness , a violent bark , then damien suddenly swing bolt upright into shot , the panic of revelation in he eye . long shot : damien remain freeze , roote with terror , gaze at nothing . hold a beat . ext . brocket hall - MAIN gate ~ dawn 83 long shot : a Security Guard open the main gate , allow damien 's limousine to coast out onto the main road . ' the Guard close the gate behind it , then return to the lodge . int . limousine - travelling shot - dawn 84 damien sit alone in the back of the limousine , he eye rimmed with dark circle , gaze ahead in preoccupy silence . the monotonous drine of the engine be gradually overlap by another sound ; the distant bay of demonstrator hurl abuse . gradually damien react to the noise -- a brief smile as he realise its significance . ext , american embassy and grosvenor square - day 85 a line of policeman hold back a angry crowd of demonstrator lining the pavement face the embassy . many of they hold up placard denounce America 's involvement with Israel : " end you support for the jewish bastard ! " " where' you voice , america ? " , " condem israeli Mass murderersi " , etc . the limousine pull up outside the embassy and damien step out , several member of the Press be wait for he oan the step , cont. 60 85 cont. pressman 1 how do you feel , Mr. ambassador ? damien never feel better . pressman 2 do you think there 's any connection between the accident at the BBC and today 's news ? damien none whatsoever , damien walk up the step , flanke by two Security Men . pressman 1 what 's you comment on schroeder 's revelation that the Israelis be responsible for the aswan dam disaster ? damien if it 's true , then it 's a bitter blow to world peace , pressman 3 be that on offical condemnation ? damien I condem all violence , but it 's too early to be specific . pressman 4 the Soviet Union 's offer its full support to Egypt for immediate retaliation ... how do you react to that ? damien I be sorry gentleman , but I have no further comment to make at this time . damien move to the door . kate ( o.s. ) Mr. thorn ...? cont , a-47 61 85 cont.1 damien look round to see kate , push she way through the pressmen . damien good morning , miss reynold . one of the Security Men hold open the door for damien . damien ( to Security man ) it 's okay , let she through . int , american embassy - entrance hall ~ day 86 kate follow damien inside the embassy towards the elevator . kate I try call you last night , but there be no reply . be not there anything we can do to make up for it ? damien like what , for instance ? kate well , er -- ( a smile ) like finish the interview ? damien pause by the elevator , press the button , damien ( respond ) I would sooner you do it at my place - - yours be a little too dramatic for my taste . you could stay on to dinner afterwards if you like ... just the three of we . the elevator door open and damien step inside , kate Three ? damien you , I and Peter , cont . aa47 62 86 cont. kate oh , Peter . but do not feel he have to come too , pause , damien I would like he to . the door close over damien 's oblique smile , int . american embassy ~ damien' office - day 87 Dean stand by the window in damien 's embassy office , talk on the telephone while keep a eye on the crowd of demonstrator in the street below . the office be the same one in which the former ambassador choreograph he messy demise , it have now be redecorate to accommodate damien 's taste for Regency furniture in place of the non-descript Hilton -style trapping of he predecessor . fhotograph of he family be on the wall : he father ( Gregory peck ) , mother ( Lee remich ) , uncle ( William Holden ) , aunt ( Lee grant ) , as well as reminder of himself as a child ( harvey stephen ) and as a cadet at the davidson military Academy ( Jonathan Scott - Taylor ) , dean ( on phone ) what time do the White House get it ? ( pause ) oh , okay , well it 's two - thirty we time , so I guess we should get a response by , what ? noon you time ? ( pause , then laugh ) you bet , I have not see anything like it since the gas riot . just hate to think what it 's like down at the israeli embassy . ( pause ) no , a boy -- and boy be he ugly ! ( laugh ) thanks , Paul ~~ talk to you later , Dean hang up as damien wander into the room , preoccupy and moody . cont . a-l7 63 87 cont . dean ( to damien ) that be buher -- he 's just send over the nlf report to the White House -- say it 's so full of hole you could drive a truck through it . damien wander over to the window , ignore he . dean damien -- thanks for the flower ++ 's Barbara really appreciate they , damien and the dagger ? dean oh ... buher 's get the disciple work on it . apparently they come up for auction a few year back , and be buy by a priest who pass they on to a monastery in Italy -- subi-something - ~or-other , Dean glance at he note for the name . damien subiaco ... the monastery of San benedetto . dean that 's it -- sublaco . we have get we italian people work on it , so ... damien ( interrupt ) too late -- the bird will have fly . they be here in mgland for the birth of the nazarene , try to destroy I before I destroy they , ( introspectively ) he be bear last night . camera favor Dean 's reaction as damien continue , cont . a-k7 a- l7 revised - " the final conflict " - 4/11/80 oh 87 cont. 1 damien I feel he presence from the moment of he birth .. , like a virus , a parasite , feed on my energy , try to drain I of power . for every day that he life and grow , my force will weaken , damien gaze out of the window at the crowd below , no longer talk to Dean . damien youtre out there hide somewhere . be you such a coward , nazarene , that you can not face I alone ? hide if you must , but I will hunt you down , and as you have nail man to you Cross of piety , so I will nail you to a Cross of oblivion . dean damien -- Dean be stand by the other window ; he point down at the crowd below . dean take a look down there , damien look out of he window . ext , american embassy - damien be p.o.v. = day 88 from damien 's p.o.v , the camera hold in long shot a moment on the crowd of demonstrator . among all the placard denounce the Israelis , one stand out by its very incongruity : " rejoice , for christ be reborn ! " camera zoom in on the placard and its bearer : brother matteus , the preacher at speaker 's corner . hold a beat . ext . american embassy and grosvenor square - night 89 late at night , the street almost desert , the demonstrator cont . a~47 65 89 cont . go . only a few light still burn in the embassy . the ambassador 's limousine be park in front of the main entrance , the Driver doze at the wheel , brother matteus sit on a bench in the Garden Square opposite the embassy , feed pidgeon , he placard lie on the bench beside he . he take a occasional furtive glance at the embassy , &ware that he be be watch by two figure in one of the upper window . ext , american embassy ~ p.o.v. through window - 90 night shoot through the window in damien 's office : matteus can be see in the distance , sit on the bench in the Garden , Square . dean ( o.s . ) why 's he just sit there ? damien ( o.s8 . ) wait for I to follow he eeeinto a trap , int , american embassy - damien' office - night gl damien and Dean stand by the window , watch matteus o.s . dean he must be a idiot - ~ what make he think you be go to fall for something like that ? damien because he know that 's exactly what I intend to do , dean but what if he 's get one of the dagger ? damien pick up a pair of binocular , train they on matteus . ext , american embassy - damien be p ,o.v , - night 92 damien 's p.o , V. through the binocular : matteus look up from he pidgeon - feed , glance furtively towards camera . cont . a a7 66 g2 cont , damien ( o.s ) I will be waste my time if he have not , hold a beat matteus , look directly into camera , ext , celtic ruins ( roche rock cornwall ) - dawn 93 extreme long shot : the bleak , windswept Scottish moor , high above cape wrath , on the horizon , silhouett against the rise sun , stand a massive granite tor , surmounted by a ruin Chapel . ‘he base of the Chapel be build into the rock face , and at first sight appear to be quite inaccessable since the Chapel itself be perch a hundred foot above the ground level . in f.g. , a flock of sheep graze among some old tombstone , tend by a shepherd , as the low , harmonic chord of the Christ child theme filter in , the camera zoom slowly up toward ' u¢€ Chapel ruin . the rise sun stream in through the glassless altar window , flaring into the lens . int . station and platform - scotland - day gh matteus step down from a train and proceed along the platform towards the ticket barrier , carry only a shoulder bag . ext , station and road - scotland - day 95 matteus leave the small town station and cross the road to a bus shelter , ext , bus shelter / int , range rover - scotland - day 96 view through the windscreen of a Range Rover , matteus climb aboard a single - decker country bus . as the bus pull away , the Range Rover 's engine start up in f.g. ext , coast road - scotland - day 97 the bus drive along a twist coast road . ' there be virtually no other traffic , and the Range Rover have little difficulty in follow the bus at a quarter - mile distance . ext , mcuntain pass ~- scotland - day 98 the bus wind uphill through a mountain pass , tail by the Range Rover , a-lt 67 ext , road ~ scotland - day 99 late afternoon in the rugge , mountainous landscape of the cape wrath region , the country bus round a corner and disappear from view . presently the Range Rover come into sight ; it too follow the bend in the road out of view . ext . road and bus stop + scotland - dusk 100 the country bus pull up at a lone request stop on the moor , apart from a pair of crofter ' cottage on the far side of the road , the landscape be devoid of habitation . matteus step down from the bus , then wait by thé verge as it pull away . ext . road ~ higher ground - scotland - dusk 101 in extreme long shot , shoot from higher ground a half - mile back down the road , matteus be no more than a distant speck . the SOUND of the Range Rover 's engine approach from behind , idle a moment , then switch off , matteus wait for the bus to disappear over the far horizon before climb a sty and strike out along a bridle track toward a distant valley . a pause , then the Range Rover 's engine fire up behind camera . the Range Rover drive over the remanant of a low - stone wall at the side of the road , then strike out across the heather - clad moorland beyond . ext . valley and mountain ridge - scotland - dusk 102 matteus plod on toward the valley and the gather gloom , as he pass from shot , camera hold on the mountain ridge beyond he , slowly zooming in on the swollen sun , a vertable headache sink over the horizon . the Range Rover move across the molten disc , a grain of dirt cling to the skyline , ext . mountain slope and valley - scotland - dusk 103 shoot from the mountain slope , the valley be now swallow in darkness , the Range Rover appear over the brow of the ridge , grop its way through the gloom without headlight . it come to a halt ; the engine idle a moment , then switch off . ext , valley - scotland - dusk 104 matteus reach a small white stone marker in the ground . he pause a moment , turn and listen . silence . he open cont . a- 47 revised - " the final conflict " - 2/26/80 68 x 1 lo4 cont. he shoulder bag and extract a walkie-talkie . matteus ( into walkie ~ talkie ) matteus at the half - kilometer . thorn be in parallel , about five hundred metre northwest of I . he be wear a blue anorak . over . a pause , follow by a response from the walkie-talkie . male voice ( over walkie- talkie ) proceed as plan , over and out . matteus switch off . ext , mountain slope and valley - scotland - dusk 105 in long shot the Range Rover remain stationary , almost invisible in the darkness . we hear the SOUND of a door open -- a soft whistle -- then the gruff pant of the rotweiller dog jump down from the Range Rover . ext , celtic ruins ( roche rock cornwall ) - dusk 106 silhouett in the high altar window , a lone figure can be see , keep lookout over the moor . ext , rocky outcrop and approach ( cornwall ) - night 107 the flock of sheep graze peacefully among the slant tombstone . suddenly one of they look up ... sense danger , and belt into the darkness , follow by the other . a long pause as silence return , the camera holding in low angle , presently matteus round the corner of a rocky outcrop ; he hesitates a moment , peer into the darkness , then react to something ahead of he , in a series of rapid shot , the camera jump cut from long shot through medium shot and closeup into a extreme closeup of matteus ' ! face , freeze in terror , int , celtic chapel and p.o.v , ( roche rock cornwall ) 107 -a ~ night high angle , shoot through the ruin altar window toward the distant moor . in f.g. , the lookout figure ( see in scene 107 ) keep watch , he back to camera . suddenly he react to something o.s8 . , dart o.s. a- 47 revised - " the final conflict " - 2/26/80 69 — — x ext , celtic ruins ( roche rock cornwall ) - night 108 long shot : the celtic Chapel , now light by moonlight . damien enter shot from behind camera , wear he blue anorak . he walk towards the Chapel , he back to camera . high shot , shoot dowm from the top of the rock , damien , he face mask by the anorak , reach the base of the rock and begin to mount a rusted iron ladder -~ the only mean of access to the Chapel . int , celtic chapel ( studio ) - night 109 low angle , shoot toward the open doorway . only the moonlit sky be visible beyond . presently we hear the SOUND of heavy panting as damien climb the ladder outside . a pause , then he appear in the doorway . tracking in low angle , damien walk into the church and approach a stone altar . as he reach the step , the two figure leap out at he from the shadow and hurl he face down on the altar , each stabbing he with a dagger . we now see that they be brother Paulo and brother Martin . damien 's corpse lie face down on the altar , the dagger plunge in he back . brother Paulo step forward and make a sign of the cross over the corpse . paulo in nomine patri , e filii , e¢ spiriti sancti ... amen . paule and Martin grip the corpse by the shoulder and turn he over , reacting in horror as they recognize they victim : brother matteus , he expression a death mask of terror , he eye roll completely back into they socket so that only the glazen , milky white be show . martin ( disbely ) but ... but I see he . Paulo glance at Martin , then turn to the high altar window , clasp he hand in prayer : paulo sweet saviour , spare we mind from the possession of the Antichrist .. , save we from -- Paulo break off as he hear the panting growl of the rotweilier dog behind they . the two monk turn to flee , but find that the dog be guard the entrance to the Chapel -- the only visible escape . cont . revised - '' the final conflict " - 2/26/80 79 x 109 cont . high angle , shoot dowm from the altar window . Martin and Paulo back away from the dog and turn once again towards the altar window , reacting in horror to something o.s. behind camera , from the monk ' p.0o.v , we see the spectral , translucent image of a jackal 's skull , frame by the altar window and gaze in from the darkness beyond . it be the same image seem earlier by the american ambassador ( scene 26 ) , only now it be vast , surreal , dwarf the top of the massive stone cross in f.g . as with the ambassador , it be see strictly as a p.o.v. : a image in the mind of the beholder . the apparition be devoid of all human feature ; its side - flanke eye contain no pupiis , only a spidery network of vein heaving in they empty socket , the whole pulsate as if feed by a inner glow , a phosphorescent energy that create a monochrome negative effect , a phantom X - ray suspend in the void of night . low angle : the two monk turn sharply away from the window , they eye wildly search for a escape , the window be visible beyond they , but there be no sign of the jackal image . pauio spot the open to a old cistern well lead down to the base of the rock . it be half - cover by a rusted grill , leave enough room to squeeze through the entrance . up shot ; from inside the cistern : Paulo slither down inside , but react to the sheer drop below he . he manage to cling to the grill as Martin follow he to relative safety . shoot clown : both monk be now inside the cistern , cling to the half - open grill . a long pause , then they hear the familiar pant of the rotweiller dog as it enter shot , up shot : from inside the cistern : Paulo and Martin look up at the dog , stare down at they . a pause , then the grill itself start to slide shut , effectively entombing they in the cistern . ext , brocket hall and lawn - day 110 damien and Dean stroll along the terrace in front of the house . damien there be still three dagger leave , but I can not afford to waste time any longer . the only way to be rid of the nazarene be to exterminate every male child in the country bear between midnight and dawn on March twenty ~ fourth . cont . a- l7 revised - " the final conflict " - 2/26/80 7 as — — x 110 cont. dean but how can we be sure he 's still in the country ? damien tand he shall come forth cut of the angel Isle ' ... that 's what the prophecy say , and if there 's one thing this pendant Christians believe in , it 's stick to the letter of they prophecy . damien pause a moment , casually pick a rhododendron bud and start to peel the petal off it . damien how 's Barbara ? dean Fine . damien continue peel the bud . damien and you son ? dean Fine , fine . CUT to : int , brocket hall - corridor and drawing room - day 110 - a a door in the corridor open , and Peter dash out , leave the door open behind he . camera hold a moment on the draw room beyond , where kate and she television crew be lining up for she interview with damien . ext . brocket hall and lawn - day 110 - B while damien and Dean continue talk in f.g. , Peter run out of the house towards they . damien he be bear March twenty ~forth , be not he ? dean who ? damien you son . cont . revised - " the final conflict " - 2/26/80 72 x 11l0 - B cont. dean ( quickly ) no no -- March twenty -third ... just before midnight . Peter run up to damien , who remain look at Dean . peter ( to damien ) mummy say she 's ready for you . — damien smile , he eye remain on Dean . damien tell she half a minute , then I will be ready for she . peter okay -- thirty , twenty -nine , twenty - eight , twenty - seven , twenty -six ... Peter run back , count the second outloud . damien crumble the last of the rhododendron bud between he finger . damien ( quietly ) liquidate the nazarene , dean but how ? damien that 's what disciple be for . summon they to the island on Sunday . I be take kate and Peter down to cornwall for the hunt on Saturday , so I will make my own way there . peter ( call from the doorway ) come on , time 's up ! damien wave to Peter , start to walk away , note Dean 's glum expression . damien ( strong british accent ) Chin up , old boy . damien stroll off towards the house , leave Dean alone . alt revised - " the final conflict " - 2/26/80 73 x ext , baden - powell house ~ queen' gate ~- day 111 a scout leader leave the building with several scout cub . two of the scout cub accompany the scout leader to he car , while the other go off in the other direction . ext . hospital - day i112 a gaggle of nurse leave the hospital at the end of they shift . all except one nurse join a group of other go off to a sport and social club . the lone nurse hail a taxi outside the station . out 113 ext , ministry of health and social security ~ day al a senior officer from the Ministry of Health and Social Security , dr . philmore , wave good - bye to two colleague , then go to he car , park nearby . int , church vestry - day 115 a brood of choir boy happily discard they white surplice and cingulum for blue jeans and t-shirt at the end of 4 choir practice , supervise by a vicar . ext . church and STREET - day 116 three of the choir boy climb inside the back of a car while the vicar get in the front . camera hold as the car drive away from the church , the other choir boy wander off home in various direction , ext , country house - cornwall - day 117 the member of a cornish hunt be assemble outside a country house , drink a traditional cup in the saddle prior to the hunt . friend and relative of the huntsmen stand outside the mouse , while mere spectator be assign the other side of the drive . damien be very much the center of attention , and a number of PRESS cameramen be on hand to photograph he , respendent in he scarlet coat , white stock and black top hat . ext , viaduct - cornwall - day 118 tight shot : a terrier dog on @ lead bark at the somewhat unorthodox entrance to a fox 's de : a narrow slab of muddy rock , no more than a foot wide , run adjacent to a fast flow of water . both rock and water form part of a old aqueduct that have fall into disrepair ; normally the stream would not be visible , but a section of the stone " roof " have cave in , give access to the tiny tow - path beneath . cont . revised - " the final conflict " - 2/26/80 74 — __ — ee x 118 cont. the terrier dog yap excitedly , strain at its lead . a hand come into shot and release it , allow the dog to slither o.s. along the tow-path . ext , country house ~ cornwall ~ day 119 while damien pose with the master of the hunt for the benefit of the photographer , kate talk to Peter , who be mount on a pony , dress in a black jacket and cap . a female specimen of the local land gentry -- susan -- sit in she saddle beside he . kate ( to Peter ) now do not forget , you be not clint eastwood . stay close to Susan , and do not go show off to damien . peter much chance I have get on this thing -~ why can not I ride a horse ? kate it 's you first hunt , and I do not want you littering the countryside with you break bone . ( smile ) keep Britain beautiful ... and that include you . Peter raise he eye with a dit . peter why do you always have to worry about I so much ? kate ( lightly ) because I love you ... because you be all I have , kate squeeze Peter 's hand and extract a smile from he . susan ( 0.8 . ) do not worry -- I 'li keep a good eye on he . ext , viaduct - day 120 tight shot ; the entrance to the fox 's de in the aqueduct . a pause , then we hear the muffle SOUND of yelp and bark underground . as they grow louder , a pair of hand enter shot , cont . ank7 revised - " the final conflict " ~ 2/26/80 75 x 120 cont. hold a cage tight against the entrance . suddenly the fox dart cut and into the cage , a hand snap the door shut behind it . moment later the terrier appear , its nose cover in dirt , yapping at the prey deny it . tight shot : the cage fox be pass up to the hand of someone apparently on horseback . ext . country house - cornwall 121 the master of hound sound the departure of the meet , and damien move off alongside the master of the hunt . at the rear of the hunt , Peter wave good - bye to kate . kate ' bye , darling -- kate blow Peter a kiss as he ride off under the watchful eye of Susan . kate remain in the drive , she apprehension disguise by a smile and a wave , watch she son merge with the colorful entourage of huntsmen , groom , terrier men and hound . ext , country road and hillside - day 122 the hunt turn off the road through a open gate , head towards the brow of a hill . ext , wood and p.o.v. of hillside - day 123 shoot through the perimeter tree of a wood , the hunt can be see in extreme long shot as they reach the top of the hill . ext , hillside and copse - day lek the hunt wait patiently on the brow of the hill while the master of hound give the order for the hound to draw the fox from the copse below they . ext , copse - day 125 the hound race down from the hill and into the copse , then start to nose about the undergrowth for the scent of a fox . the camera observes they in low angle at ground level , as if adopt the P,0.V. of they prey , ext . hillside and copse - day 126 the hunt wait on the hilltop , surveying the copse below they . Peter look across at damien with a wistful eye : damien catch the glance , smile ; Peter indicate Susan with a gesture of '' why do I have to be saddle with she , " damien shrug in agreement , wink . cont . a-4t revised - " the final conflict " - 2/26/80 76 x 126 cont . a pause , then the distant bay of hound from the copse signal that a fox have be scent , the master of hound respond with the familiar two - tone battle - cry of the hunt horn , and the chase be on . ext , wood and p.o.v. of hillside - day 127 shoot from the same vantage point as scene 123 , we see the distant huntsman gallop down the side of the hill and into the copse , as they do so , the camera shift its position slightly , walle on SOUND we hear the break of twig under fsot , the brief snuffle of a horse and f.g. o.s . ext , countryside - fuahunt montage ~- day 128 the huntsren blunder through the undergrowth in pursuit of the hound , the master of hound howling the traditional " hollaa ! " as he sight the fox . the fox bolt out from the far side of the copse , pursue by the hound . damien follow swiftly behind they , already in the lead of the hunt . in the montage that follow , damien be see to be a expert horseman , far superior to he fellow huntsman . moreover he instinct seem closer align to the hound than the rider : the spark of the chase blaze in he eye , the scent of the kill flare he appetite . go be charade of manners adopt by the other huntsman -- for perhaps the first time we see damien as one truly " bear of the jackal " ... as the chase continue , damien pull way ahead of the rest of the hunt , overtake many of the hound and effectively split the pack into two . ext . path and canal - day 129 p.o.v. through binoculars : the fox ride out across a field toward camera , but at a parallel angle , and still some distance away , follow by damien and the lead hound . a horseman , whom we now see to be brother Antonio , watch the hunt through binocular . he be stand by the edge of a small canal run alongside a woodland path above the field . a shotgun be sling across he shoulder , the cage fox strapped to the saddle . a beat , then he put away the binocular and gallop off along the path in the same direction as damien , but still way ahead of he . ext , wood and fence - day 130 the fox scramble under a fence separate the field from a wood ; gain distance on it come the first of the hound , follow by damien , who vault the fence . fee oy revised - '' the final conflict " - 2/26/80 77 _ — — x ext , wood - day 131 tight shot : a hand load two cartridge into a double - barrel shotgun , ext , wood and path ~ day 131 - a damien ride at full gallop along the woodland path , the hound stream out behind he . ext . wood - day 131 - B close shot : Antonio take aim down the sight of the shotgun , pan with he move target , then fire . twice . ext . woodland path and cave - day 132 low angle : the desert woodland track . in the distance , we hear the bay of the approach hound . suddenly Antonio appear from the bush on foot -- camera pan he as he run to pick up the dead fox lie in f.g. , then double back into the bush , we now see that the path be on a slight embankment , and a gave~like bridge run underneath it . Antonio dump the dead fox in the cave , pick up the cage contain the second fox , and quickly crawl back up the embankment . shoot along the woodland track : the lead hound round the dend in the track and race towards we . in f.g. , Antonio lie flat on he stomach behind the bush , hold the cage fox . a beat , then he release the catch on the door , and the fox tear out along the track , away from the approach hound . from damien 's p.o.v , as he round the corner : the fox be just visible in the distance , racing away from he . from this angle we see that there be a fork in the track branching off to the leave , but ignore by the hound . Antonio crouch under the cave- like bridge , hurriedly tie a length of string to the foot of the dead fox , while damien gallop overhead in pursuit of he new prey . Antonio wait a moment , then scramble clear of the bridge to where he herse be tethere . other hound be now racing along the track , but there be still no sight of the rest of the hunt . Antonio ride up from the embankment , drag the dead fox behind he and cause total confusion among they rank . Antonio gallop the short distance back to the fork in the track , follow by the yelping hound . revised - " the final conflict " - 2/26/80 78 x ext , wood and fence ~- day 133 the main bedy of the hunt , include Peter and Susan , vault the fence ( in scene 130 ) and take to the woodland track . ext , second track - day 134 Antonio ride out along the second track , drag the dead fox ahead of the hound . ext , woodland track and fork - day 135 the remainder of the hound , follow by the hunt , fork leave along the second path . camera pan right , holding a beat on the desert track take by damien . ext , viaduct approach - day 136 the second fox race along the course of a abandon railway lead out along a massive granite viaduct . damien and the lead hound be now only a short distance behind it . ext , wood and waterfall - day 137 without slow he pace , Antonio haul in the dead fox . the second track take he past a waterfall that once power a now - derelict mill . he ride up to the edge , hurl the dead animal over the waterfall , then ride c.s. camera hold a moment on the body of the fox as it tumble o.s. through the decaye machinery of the mill . ext , viaduct - eastern access ~ day 138 low angle : damien round the curve approach wall of the viaduct , flanke by two gothic-style tower and a open fence . in f.g. , the water of a small canal flow into the roofed tunnel of the aqueduct , carry across the valley by the viaduct beyond . ext , viaduct - day 139 the fox tear along the viaduct , then bolt down the entrance to its de ( establish in scene 118 ) second ahead of the hound . damien ride up as the hound converge on the hole , yapping after the fox , but unable to follow it underground . a- 47 revised - " the final conflict " - 2/26/80 79 x ext . viaduct ~- day 140 shoot from the viaduct approach ( as in scene 138 ) : damien can be see in extreme long shot at the far end of the viaduct as he dismount . a beat , then Antonio ride stealthily into shot from behind camera , approach the viaduct with caution . as he ride through the gate , he close it behind he without leave the saddle . ext , viaduct ~ western access - day l40 - a long shot shoot from the opposite ( western ) end of the viaduct : damien walk over to inspect the fox 's hold , surround by the hound , Beyond he , Antonio can be see riding slowly down the viaduct towards he , he approach inaudible above the yapping hound . a second monk , brother simeon , enter shot in f.g. and walk out onto the viaduct , close the gate behind he . same scene 140- 3 shoot up from inside the entrance to the fox 's de : damien peer almost into shot , surround by the lust hound . a pause , then Antonio appear beyond he on horseback . he take out a dagger from inside he coat , prepare to dismount . wider angle : damien look up to see simeon move towards he from the western approach , he degger draw . simeon look o.s , prompt damien to swing round in time to see Antonio about to dismount . without hesitation , damien turn he eye on Antonio 's horse : a icy , hypnotic gaze that send the animal into a frenzy , it rear up into the air , dispatch Antonio from the saddle and hurl he over the wall of the viaduct . ext , viaduct and river - day 140 - c Antonio 's body plunge over the viaduct , twist in the air as it plummet towards the jag rock of a river far below . ext , viaduct - day 140 - D now simeon advance on damien , he way obstruct by the hound still milling round the entrance to the fox 's de . as he do sc , damien turn he eye on the hound : the same icy gaze he inflicted on Antonio 's horse . for a brief moment the hound yelp in aimless confusion -- as if scent a new prey ; suddenly they turn on simeon and like @ pack of craze wolf , hurl themselves at he and tear he limb from spout limb . hold a beat . revised - '' the final conflict '' - 2/26/80 80 | a _ oo x ext . country house - cornwall ~ day 1él no chatter in the drive of the ter of hound herd he dog into ently over , and in f.g. kate don he pony , while Susan stand member of the a trailer . talk to Peter , to one sid . feter ( to kate ) damien must have go after another fox ... cur go over a waterfall . kate I think I would rather be drown than tear to shred if I be the fox . peter but it mean I could not be blooded . kate ( the Susan ) could not be what ? susan it 's a old fox-hunt custom of 2 : if it 's you first hunt and there 's a kill , they smear you face with the ddliood of the fox . hey , damien -- '' a. Peter light up as he 's damien riding up the drive , fol by the remain hcund . he spur he pony into action and ride out to mest nim . damien raise a welcoming hand as Peter ride up . do you catch or ( nedce ) the heunds do not leave too many souvenir ... but I save you some of the blood . damien produce he white stock , soak in blood . Peter 's eye light up . cont . a-47 revised - " the final conflict " - 2/26/80 81 xx j41 cont peter can you blood I ? I mean do it count ? damien it do with I . kate watch as Peter move alongside damien in long shot . from she p.o.v. , they be toc far away for she to see what be happen . close two shot : damien hold up the blooded stock to Peter and brushes the tip against the boy 's cheek . a pause , then Peter put the back of he hand against he cheek , look at the smudge blood , raise it gently to he mouth and press it against he lip . they gaze at each other in silence : a deep , long , ambiguous exchange of unspoken desire and understanding . a pause , then damien and Peter turn and ride back towards the house , camera holding on they as they recede into long shot . the SOUND of the wind lap over -- ext . sea - dusk 142 shoot from a high cliff top over the sea : nothing visible but a canvas of grey expanse in the stillness twilight . presently a dark speck be observe , move across the water in extreme long shot toward camera -- a black helicopter . int . helicopter and p.o.v. of cove - cornwall - 143 dusk p.0.v. from the helicopter as it skim over the sea at low level , head towards a barren cove enclose by high cliff . a intermittent flash of red and white light sweep across a ext , cove ~ cornwall - night 146 up shot : the helicopter fly in from the sea , hover 2 over the beach , then land on the sand . the beacon ligh sweep overhead in a three - second flash , follow by ten second of darkness . damien climb down from the helicopter and walk to a point midway between the shoreline and the base of the cliff . as he do so , the helicopter rise into the air , then dip and head out to sea . cont . revised - " the final conflict " - 2/26/80 82 x 146 con . the beacon light sweep over damien , then return the cove the darkness . damien turn towards the cliff face and address the void before he . damien disciple of the watch , I stand before you in the name of the one true God , Lord of the lower Empire , who be cast out from Heaven , but be alive in I . do you hear I ? a thousand voice whisper in response from out of the darkness . disciple we hear and obey . as they do so , the beacon light sweep ' round the cove , pick out the eye and face of a thousand disciple , perch like gull up and down the cliff . the cove now resemble some pagan amphitheatre , a vast semi-circle of humanity listen to damien . as damien continue , the camera pick out various disciple , include Dean , the choir boy , boy scout , and other establish in scene 111- 116 , damien i now command you to seek out and destroy the nazarene child . slay the nazarene , and I shail reign forever ; fail , and I perish . slay the nazarene , and you , my disciple , shall truly inherit this earth ; fail , and you will perish without trace . slay the nazarene , and you shall know the violent rapture of my father 's paradise hereafter ; fail , and you will be condemn to a numb eternity in the flacei bosom of Christ . do you hear ms ? disciple ( a whisper } we hear and obey . damien disciple of the watch , there must be no delay . slay the nazarene , and the victory shall be ours , now and forevermore ! do you hear I ? cont , a - 47 revised - " the final conflict " - 2/26/80 82 - a x 146 cont. 1 disciple ( a whisper ) we hear and obey . the disciple start chant " slay the nazarene ! slay the nazarene ! slay the nazarene ! " they whisper voice echoing ' round the cove like the beat of bat ' wing ... sharp CUT to : int . dean be home - kitchen / dine area - day 147 close shot on a two - week - old baby boy , gurgle in its cot ... his mother , barbara , finish make out a shopping list , then transfer the baby from its cot into a pram , to the accompaniment of baby talk . barbara ( ad-libbed ) citmon , junior ... there we be , there we go ... someone tap at the kitchen window . carol ( call ) Barbara , Barbara look up to see a English friend , carol , stand outside the kitchen window . barbara on , hi , Carol -- be with you in a moment . Barbara tuck she baby snugly inside the pram . int , dean be home - study - Day 128 Dean work alone at he desk in a small study , sorting through a pile of xerox birth certificate and check they against a type list . Three telephone be on he desk , intersperse with family photograph . cont . ant 83 148 cont. barbara ( o.8. , call ) harvey .. , dust off shopping with Carol -- I be take junior with I . dean ( without look up ) okay . do not forget to pick up my jacket from the cleaner , ; barbara fo.s . ) iwo not , see you . Dean wait until he hear the front door close , then unlock ois briefcase , contain a radio telephone , he pick up the receiver and tap out a number . a pause , dean ( into phone ) Petersen ? harvey Dean , youlre operate 0.8. sector tq 1423 through ts 2223 . okay , three for Liverpool . first the brookman family at 23 crmsby Road , sefton Park , Liverpool ... apparently interrupt at the other end . se listen ya moment , nodd sympathetically . dean I know how you feel . , . and do not think I do not feel the same way . but it 's a job that have to be do , however distasteful it might seem , ( pause } right , have you get that ? sefton Park , Liverpool . Boy 's name be Christopher , a-lt 84 ext , hampstead high STREET and shop - day 19 Barbara leave a supermarket with Carol , both woman wheeling thelr respective baby in pram , which also serve to carry they shopping . ext , abbott' land - hampstead - day 150 in long shot : Barbara and Carol wheel they pram along abbott 's Lane , chat about the business of baby , out too far away to be audible . int , dean be home - study - day 151 Dean continue talk on the radio phone , dean ( into phone ) .. kirkby tower , kirkby , 14 , Boy 's name 's Alexander David , ( pause ) okay ? by Tuesday night . Dean hang up , check he list for another number , dial . ext , intersection - hampstead - day 152 at a intersection , Barbara and Carol go they separate way , wave goodbye to each other , camera remains on Carol as she come toward we , then turn into Holland Hill Road , ext , holland hill road - hampstead - day 153 Carol come into shot at the top of Holland Hill Road . suddenly a object fall from above , right in front of she , dangle on a plece of string . her hand dart instinctively to she mouth as she recognize it as a dead , mutilate grey squirrel , suspend on the string from a overhange branch , she let out a cry of horror at the sight ; the cry turn to a scream as she realize that she have let go she pram . Carol start to run , but the pram be already hurtle out of control toward the busy main road at the foot of the hill . in the f.g. the dead squirrel be haul back into the tree , a squeal of brake , follow by the sound of a crash from the foot of the hill . in f.g. we hear the sound of boyish giggle from the tree above , 85 int . high rise flat - hallway - day 154 long shot : of a empty hallway . from somewhere in the flat come the sound of '' baby cry . the front doorbell ch . so presently a Young mother - merge , go to the front door and open it , the two scout cub ( from scene 109 ) stand in the doorway , smile sweetly . ist cub scout good morning , matam -- we have come to do we good deed for the day . int . hospital corridor - day 155 a pair of swing door , marxed " special care baby unit . no admittance without protective mask and gown . " the sound of a baby cry can be hear come from the intensive Care Ward on the other side of the door . the door swing open , and two nurse cmerge from the darken Ward , stripping off they disposable mask and gowns as they leave for a mid-morn break . int . hospital - intensive care ward - day 156 the small ward be in semidarkness .. it contain a dozen baby cot enclose by oxygen tent . the door open , and the nurse ( from scene 110 ) enter quietly , wear a mask and gown , she move along the row of cot , check the name of the occupant on they temperature sheet with the aid of a pen-torch , she pause by a cot at the far end of the ward , shoot from inside the transparent plastic oxygen tent , we hear only the sound of breathe and the slight hiss of oxygen , suddenly the nurse 's mask face appear on the otner side of the transparent tent , she feature distort by the plastic material . a pause , then the sound of oxygen stop , the breathe continue a moment before it too begin to fade , the sound gradually dissolve into the strain of a choir sing psalm 120 , choir ( voice over ; sing ) the sun shall not burn thee by day : nor the moon by night . the Lord keepeth thee from all evil : may the Lord keep thy soul ... int , church - day 157 the choir boy ( from scene 114 ) sing the end of psalm 120 during a service of baptism . cont . 86 157 cont , choir ( sing ) May the Lord keep thy come in and thy go out , henceforth , now , and forever more , amen . at tne far end of the church , the vicar stand before a small assembly of relative ind godparent , a mother hold she baby boy in he white christen robe . vicar dearly beloved , ye have bring this child here to be baptize . I demand therefore , do ye , in the name of this child , renounce the Devil and 411 he work , so that ye will not follow nor be lead by they ? godparent I renounce they all . the viear step forward and take the baby boy ' rom he mother . vicar name this child . mother ( timidly ) Alexander David , the vicar carry the baby to the font : vicar I baptize thee Alexander David , in the name of the Father , and of the Son , and of the Holy ghost , amen , the vicar turn the baby slightly to one side of the assembly . as he do so , the camera move slowly in on he leave hand , cup beneath the baby 's head , with he right hand he sprinkle the baby with water , the baby begin to scream , the assembly smile at each other . vicar we receive this child into the congregation of Christ 's flock , and do sign he with the sign of the cross -- the vicar make the sign of the cross with holy water on the baby 's face , the cry have stop , aamt 87 int . brocket hall ~ dine room ~ night 158 damien sit alone at the head of the dining table , watch television on a color set enclose within a antique cupboard . his man servant pour he @ glass of wine at the beginning of he soiltvary evening meal , tv announcer ( voice over ) .-. start on BBC - 2 in a few moment , part six of Thomas hardy 's ' Jude the obscure .! here on one , it 's time for another edition of World in focus , !' introduce by kate reynold , the signature tune of " World in focus '' overlap the f.g. dialogue between damien and the man servant , man servant Lord Russell send up a brace of grouse this afternoon , sir , so I take the liberty of change the menu accordingly . damien thank you , George ... I hope you and Mrs , bristow will enjoy one of they yourselves , man servant that 's very good of you , sir . walle the man servant pour the wine from a decanter , kate introduce she program . kate ( voice over ; on tv ) good evening , and tonight we be devote the first part of we program to a bizzarre phenomenon that 's be puzzle police and doctor alike over the past week ... damien watch the program with a detach air , savour he wine as kate continue . kate ( voice over ) + aethe mysterious death of dozen of baby boy in the kind of circumstance coroner be fond of terming ' misadventure 's ... a- UT 88 int , dean be home - live room - night 159 the program continue over another television set , watch by Dean and Barbara as they eat they less exotic evening meal . Barbara bottle feed she baby boy as she watch . kate ( voice over ) in Greater London alone , seventeen baby boy have die in the past seven day , while in the province , Birmingham report six dead , Liverpool three , Manchester four , Leeds two , Glasgow eight . camera favor Barbara 's grow concern as she watch the program , kate ( voice over ) this may not sound unduly high figure , but nationwide they represent a chill fifteen to twenty percent rise in the infant mortality rate , detail be still sketchy at the moment , and no clear pattern have yet emerge ~- except one . in every case , the victim have be a baby boy . barbara ( barely audible ) oh , my God ... Barbara instinctively draw she baby closer to she . Dean watch she reaction with concern , but remain in control . int , cable STREET mission - night 160 the program continue in black and white , view by Father De Carlo on the small tv set in the basement of the cable Street Mission . kate ( voice over on tv ) to throw further light on the phenomenon , I have in the studio Dr. Richard philmore from the Ministry of Health and Social Security ... kate turn to dr , philmore , the man see leave the Ministry ( in scene 112 ) . cont. 89 160 cont. kate ( voice over ) tell I , Dr. philmore , what explanation can you offer at this stage ? phit.more ( voice over ; on tv ; guardedly ) well , of course it 's too soon for we to make any definite statement at this point in time ... De Carlo 's response to philmore 's evasive attitude be as concerned as kate 's . kate ( voice over ; on tv ; interrupt ) but you do admit there 's be a totally unexplain rise in death among baby boy over the past week ? philmore ( voice over ; on tv ) a rise , yes , indeed -- but nothing compare to the rise you would expect to find during , say , a flu epidemic . still with he eye on the tv , De Carlo get to he foot , gather up some papers from the table , put on he coat ... De Carlo kate ( voice over ; on tv ; interrupt ) but we be not talk about a epidemic -- we be talk about drowning , household burn , car accident , suffocation , food poisoning , electrocution -- I mean ... go to the door , the tv set still run . philmore ( voice over ; overlap ) you will forgive I if I speak bluntly , but you kind of scaremonger report be exactly the kind of behavior that bring the media into cont . revised ~- " the final conflict " - 2/26/80 90 160 cont.1 philmore ( cont . ) bad repute . if really be gross irresponsibility to start exaggerate the fact in order to get yourself a story that even the lowest Sunday newspaper would think twice about before printing . the basement deor slam shut . ext , television CENTER - night 161 kate leave the main reception . doorman good night , miss reynold . kate ( preoccupy ) ' night , Bill . kate walk across to she car , park near the main gate . it be now late at night , the studio almost desert . ext . television CENTER and wood lane - night 162 shoot through the railing , kate reverse she car out of its parking space , and drive out of the studio through the security gate . ext . kate flat - night 163 kate leave she park car and walk up the step to she flat . she pause by the front door to look for she key in she bag . suddenly a hand touch she shoulder -- do carlo ( voice over ) miss reynold ? kate turn with a start to find De Carlo stand on the pavement behind she . do carlo I need to talk to you urgently , miss reynold ... it 's about you program -- about the death . kate recover ner poise . kate a protest march of one ? how disappoint . a- UT cont. revised - " the final conflict " ~ 2/26/80 90 - a 163 cont. : do carlo on the contrary , I congratulate you on you perceptiveness . cont . alt a-4t gl 163 cont . kate a protest march of one ? how isappoint . do carlo on the contrary , I congratulate you on you perceptiveness , kate well ? De Carlo glance nervously about he , do carlo May we talk inside ? kate I be sorry , er ...? do carlo Father De Carlo . kate I have have a long day , Father . if you would like to call my secretary at the studio and make a appointment , I would be happy to ... do carlo ( interrupt ) it 's a matter of the utmost urgeney , miss reynold , kate look at he a moment , then unlock the door , kate but keep you voice down - eemy son 's asleep , be Carlo follow kate indoors , close the door behind they . tnt , kate flat - live room - night 164 De Carlo sit opposite kate in she live room : a hive of book , papers and research work . cont. 92 164 cont . do carlo ' then herod send forth and slew all the child that be in bethiehem , and in all the coast thereof , accord to the time of the birth of Jesus , which he have diligently enquire of the wise man ' , , , kate ( irritably ) what be you talk about ? do carlo you state that the common factor about this killing be that all the victim have be baby boy . but there be another common factor , miss reynold , all the boy be bear between midnight and six a.m , on the morning of March 2hth , any boy still live bear between that hour be in mortal danger -- if indeed he have not already be do to death , kate you be suggest they have be murder ? do carlo no , I be not . I be state it as a fact . kate but who on earth would want to do such a thing ? do carlo he be bear again , miss reynold -- and so be the Antichrist , the Son of Satan , as foretold in the Book of revelation ... kate I be sorry , Father ... I respect you faith , but it do not share it . do carlo you be not a practice Christian ? cont . a- 47 De Carlo De Carlo 93 164 cont . 1 kate I be a practice journalist , and the first rule in journalism be to be a doubting Thomas . I need to see evidence with my own two eye . open he briefcase , do carlo here be you evidence -- check they for yourself , hand kate a sheaf of photocopy birth certificate , do carlo copy of the dead boy ! birth certificate from the Central registry Office . in every case the child be bear on the morning of March 24th . kate 's skepticism begin to recede as she leaf through the document , do carlo ».- hven if I can not appeal to you faith , I appeal to you iogic : why else would someone want to destroy all child bear on that date be it not in a effort to destroy one child in particular ? int , kate flat ~ passage - night 165 long shot : a darken passage lead from kate 's bedroom to the live room , where the door be slightly ajar and De Carlo can be hear talk , do carlo ( 0.8 . ) that child be we bless saviour , Jesus Christ reborn , thus fulfil he promise that in the end time he shall come again to deliver the world from the Antichrist . cont . a- 47 94 165 cont . a thin shaft of light fall across the passage in f.g , as 4 door 0.s. be quietly open , kate ( o.8 . ) and , er ... who exactly be this Antichrist ? do carlo ( o.8 . ) the american ambassador , damien thorn . De Carlo 's statement be meet by a brief silence , then a short , incredulous laugh from kate . as De Carlo continue o.s. , the camera begins to creep along the passage toward the live room door , as if assume p.0.v. of a intruder , kate ( 0.8 . ) oh , but that 's ridiculous ... I know damien ! do carlo ( o.s . ) you know the man , but not he soul . through the chink in the live room door we see De Carlo and kate , thei - back to camera , De Carlo pause , then dean forward and take kate 's hand o.s. int . kate flat ~ live room - night 166 De Carlo moderate he tone , hold kate 's hand and look into she confuse , apprehensive eye . do carlo ( quieter , slower ) miss reynold , I be a religous man , not a fanatic . one of the commandment of we faith be that we shail not bear false witness against any man . if I hold one shred of doubt about damien thorn , my faith would command I to remain silent . but I have watch he now for twenty - seven year , ever since he father come to we monastery cont . a- lt 95 166 cont . do carlo ( cont . ) } to seek help in destroy he , I have watch he grow from a boy into a man , see he exterminate all that who stand in he way ... camera pan off De Carlo and onto the door , slowly zooming in on Peter 's eye , visible through the chink . do carlo ( o.8 . ) you know thorn the man . I will leave you with we research on he , but you must satisfy yourself before reach you opinion , when you have do so , I would urge you to contact I at this address as soon as possible , day or night . Peter 's eye register De Carlo hand kate a piece of paper , shoot peet and De Carlo from over Peter 's shoulder , De Carlo get to he Peter move silently o.s . kate ( pensively ) i can not promise you anything , Father , you say I know only damien the man , not he soul . but if I do not even know my own soul , how can I see into he ? smile , do carlo only God can show you that . ( pause ) there be , however , one outward sign that identify he as the Antichrist . you will find it in the Book of revelation ; you will also find it on thorn himself ... under he hair , the birthmark of the Devil : ' 666 , ! ( pause ) good night , miss reynold ... and may God guide you decision . cont . a- l7 revised - " the final conflict " - 4/15/80 96 x 166 cont.1 De Carlo go to the docr , leave kate alone with the researct material , a pause , then she pick up one of the folder and start to leaf through , she instinctive skepticism now displace by a cold , creep apprehension , int . kate flat - passage - night 167 De Carlo walk along the passage to the stair . as he pass out of shot , camera hold on Peter , watch he go through a thin crack in he bedroom door . a pause , then he close the door , ind , kate flat - bedroom ~ night 168 kate lie asleep on she bed , fully clothed , the eiderdow cover with De Carlo 's folder and document . the door open slightly and Peter enter the room . he creep over to the bed , glance at the material , then spot a piece of paper lie on the bedside table . he go over to the table , pick up the piece of paper , stare at it a moment , disgesting the information . ( note : this author singularly dislike insert , but if one be require , the information should read : " Father De Carlo , cable Street Mission , 743 cable Street , London , h.1 , 273 - 1921 " ) . we 169 - — 170 int . american embassy - damien' office - day 171 damien sit at he desk , study some paperwork , while Dean talk on the phone , dean ( inte phone ) okay -- we will get back to you . ( hang up , turn to damien ) the isracly be on to schroeder ~- we have get to eliminate he now before they make he talk . damien ( without look up ) then do it , dean we can not get close to he -- he 's be hold in tel aviv . you be the only one who can do it , damien . cont . alt revised - " the final conflict " - 4/15/80 97 x 171 cont . a pause . damien ( firmly , without look up ) you will take care of it . dean but I just tell you , we ... damien ( interrupt ) and I tell you that my force would weaken for every day the nazarene life . ( pause ) how many boy be leave ? dean only one or two . damien include you son ? dean my son ? hey now wait a minute . T already tell you , he be bear March 23 . believe I , damien , he 's ... damien ( interrupt flatly ) destroy the nazarene -- then I will believe you . the private phone ring on damien 's desk , and Dean -- welcoming the distraction ~~ answer it . dean {into phone ) yes ? Dean pause for the SOUND of phone box pip , follow by a inaudible voice . dean ( confuse ) who be this ? a pause , then Dean , somewhat surprised , cover the mouthpiece and turn to damien : cont . revised - " the final conflict " - 4/15/80 98 x 171 cont.1 dean it 's kate reynold ! son call from a coin bex . how the hell do he get this number ? damien ( take phone from Dean ) because I give it to he , ( into phone ) hello , Peter ? a pause as damien listen to Peter . Dean respond to damien 's warmth with grow concern . damien ( into phone ) well do , Peter . now listen carefully , I want you to follow he wherever he go ~- but make sure he do not see you , ( pause ) right , call I later when you have find out . damien hang up . dean be careful , damien ~- he mother be on the phone this morning , want to see you . I manage to stall she , but ... damien why do not you tell I ? I want to talk to she , dean that woman 's dangerous , damien , her tv story 's already stir up enough ... damien ( interrupt ) I decide who 's dangerous and who be not , now get she on the phone , tell she I will see she tomorrow -- up at the house . but do not mention anything about Peter . Dean shrug . dean you be the boss , a- lt 99 ext . cable STREET mission - day 172 Peter stand by a fish and chip stall , tucking into a bag of chip and read " the beano " comic , occasionally he glance across the road at the cable Street Mission on the other side . presently De Carlo emerge from the Mission , Peter pick up he school satchel and set off after he at 4 leisurely pace , still engross in he beano , ext , tower bridge tube station ~ day 173 De Carlo enter the tube station , follow by Peter a short distance behind , int . tube - travelling shot - day 174 De Carlo sit in the tube train , read a newspaper with a furtive eye on the rush hour passenger around he . Peter site nearby on the cpposite side , occasionally peer over the top of he beano . ext , hampstead tube station ~ day 175 De Carlo emerge from hampstead tube Station and hail a pass taxi . Peter come out in time to see he step inside the taxi , which set off down hampstead Hill , its speed slowed down by the rush hour traffic . Peter open he satchel and take out a pair of roller skate , he strap they on he foot , then skate off down the steep pavement in pursuit of the taxi . ext , hampstead ~ STREET corner - day 176 the taxi turn off the main hill into a residential street . moment after it have drive o.s , Peter hove into view . on he roller skate and follow the taxi round the corner . ext , dean be home - hampstead - long shot - day 177 De Carlo pay off the taxi , park outside a fashionable terrace house set back from the road . in f.g. Peter skate into shot at a casual pace , still read he beano comic , he watch as De Carlo walk up the path of the door , ring on the bell . Peter move closer as the door be open by Barbara , hold she baby . De Carlo talk to Barbara , but we cannot hear the conversation -- only the look of concern on Barbara 's face , she usher De Carlo into the house , close the door behind he , in f.g. Peter take out a Boy scout track log , note down the house number and street , then resume he comic , 190 ext . brocket hall - front lawn - day 178 damien and kate stroll across the front lawn of brocket Hall . the scene , in term of set and camera angle , evoke memory of damien 's childhood . damien you know something ? if ever I become President of the United States , the first thing ttd do would be to move this place -- lock , stock , and memory -- back to the U.S.A , kate ( lightly ) I would be the first one to stop you . you have take London Bridge , you have take the Queen Mary -- soon welll have nothing leave but the fog ... and even that 's pretty thin on the ground this day . ( pause ) why be you so fond of England ? damien oh , I do not know . I believe that one 's heart lie where one 's childhood lie , and as mine 's bury here , England 's my land of lose content . I guess if my father have be ambassador to Greenland , I would have retrace he footstep there and now be live in a igloo . I spend some of the happiest day of my life here . it be a time of real innocence for I , before I know ... ( look at she @ moment , then smile ; lightly ) come on , T will show you the river where Old Nick hide out . kate ( reacting ) Old who ? damien ( without turn } you hear . damien lead the way down the garden path toward the field beyond . a- 47 101 ext , brocket hall ~- river and weir - day 179 damien and kate lean over a break fence by the edge of a small weir . damien point to the cascade water , damien he 's under there somewhere , lurking in the shadow ready to pounce ... biggest pike you ever see -~ he must be at least forty by now , we first meet when I be about four ; I be sit on the bank , dangle my foot in the water , and Old Nick introduce himself by jump up and bite through my big toe , wetve be on intimate term ever since . kate you know that Old Nick 's a name for the devil in England ? damien sure I know . what else would you christen one of God 's creature who bite a little boy 's toe ? kate ( matter -of -factly ) do you believe in God ? damien watch the water , look for the pike . damien I think you know the answer to that question , ( point ) look ~~ there he go ... kate lean forward over the break fence , search the tumble water below . kate where ? damien down there -- from damien 's p.o.v. , the dark shadow of a massive pike loom beneath the surface of the water . cont , a - 47 102 179 cont . kate lean further forward : suddenly the fence give way with a sharp crack , collapse into the weir ; kate fall with it , but manage to cling on to a stump with one hand . a brief pause , a intercut of expression : kate helpless , implore ; damien impassive , watch , the moment be reminiscent of '' the omen " when damien 's mother clung to the balustrade before plunging to the floor . damien smile . he kneel down , grip she wrist with both hand and haul she to safety . in tight two - shot , kate gaze at damien , try to fathom he mind . a long pause , then damien help she to she foot . damien come on , let 's get you some dry clothes . as they walk away in long shot , kate tuck she arm around he , int , dean be home ~ hallway - dusk 180 long shot : the empty hall . the front door open , and Dean enter , return home from work . he pass the door to the live room , and call out to Barbara , as of habit -- dean hi , honey . Dean go upstairs without wait for a reply . int . dean be home - study - dusk 181 Dean enter he study , reacting in stunne amazement to the sight in front of he -- dean what on earth ... Barbara be sit in he chair , she baby boy in she arm . the filing cabinet have be break open , and the whole room be strewn with papers . as Dean walk towards she , Barbara clutches she baby tightly to she . barbara do not you come anywhere near he -- murderer ! dean have you go crazy ? cont . a- l7 103 181 cont . Dean approach she , and Barbara grab a knife from the table -- barbara ( blaze ) Lay one finger on he , and I will butcher you ~- just as you butcher all this child -- Barbara hold up a fistful of xerox birth certificate . barbara a priest come by this afternoon -- come to warn I that . damien thorn 's the Antichrist , and he will murder my baby just as he 's kill all the other bear the same day . dean you believe some religious nutter who ... barbara ( interrupt ) no ... I find the proof for myself . suddenly Barbara break down , drop the knife and appeal to Dean 's emotion . barbara for the love of God , harvey ... you have get to help he destroy damien . he say you can do it ... damien trust you . please , harvey -- get in contact with he . for the love of God , harvey --~- for the love of we son ... Barbara clutches at Dean , weep uncontrollably on he shoulder . Dean say nothing : too shake by he wife 's knowledge , too shake by he own dormant fear . int , brocket hall - drawing room - dusk 182 kate sit by a blaze fire , wear some of damien 's old clothes ; a floppy jersey and a pair of baggy corduroy trousers , damien walk over with two glass , hand she one , they conversation be intentionally lightweight , evasive , cont . a- lt 104 182 cont . damien ( hand she drink ) scotch and Coke , .. it 's enough to make johnny Walker turn in he grave . how can you drink it ? kate TI can not when it 's get ice in it . kate scoops out the ice , throw it in the fire . damien never understand why you English be so prejudice against ice . kate oh , wetve be off ice ever since the Titanic go down . damien smile , damien I meet a woman once who would be on the Titanic . she say she knew it be doom before it even set sail , kate then why do she go ? damien why do anyone tempt fate ? it 's in man 's nature , the urge to challenge the god to destroy he , .. before he destroy himself . a pause . kate finger she glass in think , then look damien in the eye . kate who be you , damien ? a pause , damien shall I tell you now ? or shall we have dinner first . int , brocket hall - passage ~ night 183 the rotweiller Dog lie asleep on the floor outside damien 's bedroom , guard the close door . from beyond it we hear cont . revised - " the final conflict " - 3/10/80 105 x 183 cont . the somewhat familiar female moan of sexual intercourse . as they intensify , the Dog open its eye , slowly , begin to pant . int . brocket hall - damien' bedroom ~ night 184 kate lie underneath damien , grip he hair , wildly search he eye as he make love to she in a conventional fashion . suddenly he stop , pull away from she as she verge on the brink of orgasm . kate no , damien ... do not stop ! damien grit he tooth , shaking he head as if grip by some physical pain , some mental anguish . kate what be it , damien ? oh , damien ~~ please ... damien ( to himself ) can not ... kate what 's the matter ? damien no good ... can not love ... will not love -~ kate yes , love I , damien . damien pause a moment , then suddenly grip she shoulder . damien you want to see what I see ? kate I want you . damien hesitates , then take she by both shoulder and turn she over on the bed , so that she be now lie face down . in low angle up - shot , damien mount she from behind ; as he penetrate she , she cry out , grip the bedpost with both hand . the camera remains oblique throughout the scene : there be no explicit angle , no gratuitous indulgence . kate you be hurt I , damien -- no damien --~ cont . revised - " the final conflict " - 3/10/80 106 x 184 cont . damien ( ignore she ) pain conquer all thing -- birth be pain , death be pain , beauty be pain --~ kate Love I , damien -- damien I give you my pain , for love to be pain ... damien look upward , the camera moving in on he face as he appeal to Satan -- damien show she true pain , father -- not the shallow thorns of earthly torment , but the rapture of divinest anguish ! kate 's cry of pain be overlap by the ambiguous growl of a animal ... sharp CUT to : a-lt 107 ext , brocket hall - front lawn - dawn 185 brocket Hall , - in the first light of dawn . a stillness pervade the garden : no sound , no movement , int , brocket hall - dine room - dawn 186 the blaze fire of the previous night be now nothing but a mound of ember , the room as silent as the grave . int . brocket hall - damien' bedroom - dawn 187 a thin , cold light filter into the stillness . kate lie face down on the bed , naked , she arm hang limp over the end , she back bruise and scar by fingernails . presently she stir , open she eye to the memory of the previous night . she glance about the room , but there be no sign of damien . int , brocket hall - passage ~ dawn 188 the passage be in semidarkness . a door open at the far end and kate appear , dress in damien 's old clothes . she walk toward we , move unsteadily , glance down corridor that lead off to the leave and right . kate ( a whisper ) damien ...? kate notice a door near camera , slightly ajar . int . brocket hall - damien' chapel - dawn 189 kate open the door into damien 's chapel . it be in almost total darkness , the only light come from the passage beyond she . kate damien ? kate turn to leave , then notice something . camera crane down as she enter the room , holding on the f.g. figure of damien in closeup . he be lie on the floor , curl up naked in a fetal position like a sleep dog . kate approach he slowly , puzzle rather than afraid . she kneel down beside he . kate ( in a whisper ) damien ... cont . revised - " the final conflict " - 3/10/80 108 tt , x 189 cont . kate put she arm around he , stroke he hair . she look down at the parting in he hairline , hope against hope that the mark will not be there , extreme closeup : the Mark of the Beast , " 666 " embed in damien 's skin at the root of he hair . camera pull slowly back to include kate , the tear run down she face as she stroke he hair back to cover the mark . low angle ; kate get up and walk slowly away to the door . camera remains in low angle on damien . a pause , then he open he eye . int . american embassy - lobby ~ day 190 a gather of pressmen stand near the elevator , fire question at a haggard Dean . ist pressman be schroeder on the thorn payola or not ? dean ( fumble and evasive ) I be sorry , gentleman , no comment . Dean press the button for the elevator . 2nd pressman why can not we talk to ambassador thorn ? dean because the ambassador 's unavailable at the present time ... he 's not even here at the embassy , he ... 1st pressman ( interrupt ) where be he ? dean ( evasively ) when the ambassador 's ready to make a statement , we will let you know . despite further protest , Dean step into the elevator . int , american embassy - damien' office - day igl Dean open the door , react to damien 's presence in the office . cont . a- 47 revised - '' the final conflict " - 3/10/80 109 x 191 cont . dean ( surprised ) damien ... but I think you be up at the house . damien sit at he desk without reply . Dean fumble for word -- any word to avoid the issue on damien 's mind . dean the press be go crazy for a statement on schroeder ... I guess I can hold they off until I have talk to buher , but you be gonna have to ... damien ( interrupt ) what be De Carlo do at you house yesterday ? dean who ? damien knock if off , Dean . just give I the truth . dean that be the truth -- I have never hear of he before in my ... damien ( call ) Peter ! a side door open , and Peter enter the room . he seem change , like a person under mild hypnosis . damien go ahead , Peter . Peter take out he scout track log , refer to it as he talk in a mechanical tone . feter at half past three yesterday afternoon I see the priest call De Carlo go to 144 Abbey Crescent , where he spend a hour and twenty - two minute talk to the wife of Mr. Dean , cont . revised - " che final conflict " - 3/10/80 110 x 191 cont . 1 dean ( panic ) listen , damien , I do not know he be -~ I mean Barbara never tell I she ... damien ( interrupt flatly ) destroy you son . dean what ? damien there 's only one boy leave , and that 's you son . destroy he -- or be destroy , Dean back away . dean no , I ...mo ' - ~ no == damien -- for God 's sake ... Dean start to back away towards the door . . damien ' and God say unto abraham , ' take now thy son , thine only issac , whom thou lovest , and offer he for a burnt offer .'... if abraham be ready to slay he own son for the love of he God , why will not you do the same for the love of mine ?! suddenly Dean turn and bolt from the room , though damien make no effort to prevent he . a pause , peter be not you go to stop he ? damien there 's no need . int . dean be home - kitchen / dine area - day ig2 Dean 's baby Boy lie asleep in he pram under the window , enjoy the afternoon sun . Barbara stand nearby irone baby clothes with a steam iron , presently we hear the familiar pant of the rotweiller Dog , o.s. Barbara swing round to see the Dog with its front paw on the window ledge , stare down at she baby . cont . a- 47 anat revised ~ " the final conflict " - 3/10/80 110 - 4 x 192 cont , barbara get out of it ! the Dog turn its gaze onto she , freezing she with its eye , then jump down and disappear from view . Barbara tremble a moment , then glance across at she baby . from Barbara 's p.0.v , : the baby remain asleep , its face press down against the pillow . Barbara walk over and lift the baby from its pram . cont . a- at revised - " the final conflict " - 2/26/80 ill 192 cont . barbara it 's okay , honey -- he 's go now , he will not ... Barbara break off as she react to its face : no longer a baby , but a wizen creature resembling a embalm body , its eye sink , its skin like parchment . as with the monk in Scotland , Barbara 's apparition be strictly in the eye of the beholder . instead of scream , Barbara utter a series of staccato erle , as if in the grip of a epileptic fit . she back away from she baby , whom we now see to be perfectly normal . Barbara 's hand involuntarily search for a weapon . , . it come to rest on the handle of the steam iron , ext . dean be home - day 193 a smart BMW screech to a halt outside the house , and Dean dump out . he run up the pathway , fumble for he key . int . dean be home - hallway ~ day 194 Dean enter the house , pause as he sense the eerie stillness . dean Barbara ...? Dean move along the hallway and into the live room , int . dean be home ~- live room - day 195 Dean walk through the empty room , glance about he , then see Barbara in the room beyond the open doorway . she be stand at the irone board , she back to camera , int , dean be home ~ kitchen / dine area - day 196 Dean enter the room , but Barbara remain with she back to he , he glance about , yet all seem to be in order , dean what 's the matter , do not you hear I ? I want you to start pack -- we be get out of ... as Dean reach Barbara , she suddenly spin round on he : a wild , dement creature , she hand clutching the steam iron , she eye torture , insane . cont . a- l7 revised - " the final conflict " ~ 2/26/80 112 196 cont. with a demonic shriek , Barbara lunge at he with the steam iron , plunging the point end into he eye socket . Dean 's agonize scream be overlap by the hiss iron as the heat metal evaporate he eye in a belch of steam . the force of Barbara 's blow pin he against the wall , she body mask he face . as she withdraw the iron , we catch a glimpse of she victim : one side of Dean 's face bear the imprint of the lron 's surface , '' she live skin dove- tailing into the remnant of he eye socket . Dean 's lifeless body slither to the floor , the shattered socket weep matter from the nether region of he brain in a tear - like trickle down he blister cheek . int . television studio - studio 4 - night 197 high shot : shoot down onto the studio from the lighting gantry : kate sit at she anchor desk on the '' World in focus '' set , tidy up she papers after the evening 's broadcast . one or two technician call out " good night '' as they leave the studio . at ground level , kate finish tidy away she papers . she pause a moment , evidently preoccupy and apprehensive . security man ( 0.8.3 call out ) ten o'clock , miss reynold -- lock up in five minute . kate ( call ) come . the set light be turn off , leave only a few house light on in the gantry high above . do carlo ( o.s. ) miss reynold ... kate react with a slight start as De Carlo step out of the shadow , in front of she . kate ( sharply ) what be you do here ? do carlc you see he , do not you , miss reynold . you know thorn 's the Antichrist so why be you protect he ? cont . revised - " the final conflict " - 2/26/80 113 197 cont. kate either you get out of here now , or I call Security . kate get up from desk , start to walk away . do carlo you son , miss reynold ... where be he ? kate ( without turn ) in bed and asleep of course . now if ... do carlo ( interrupt ) no , miss reynold , he be not . you go be with damien thorn . kate pause , look back at De Carlo questioningly . cont . 114 197 cont.1 do carlo with he , miss reynold , in body and soul , you son have becomé a apostle of the Antichrist . you think Peter 's be in school for the past three day ? check with the school if you do not believe I . he 's be work for thorn as he disciple in evil , conspire to murder the Christ child . they will not succeed . the Holy child be beyond he power now . he be safe ... but you child be not . there 's only one way to save you son , miss reynold , and that 's by destroy the Antichrist -- with this . De Carlo pull out the last of the survive crucifix dagger . kate look at it , still confound by De Carlo 's word . kate youlre ask I to ...? do carlo no , miss reynold , . , that be to be my sacred task , but if you value you son 's immortal soul , you must help I carry it out . security man ( 0.8.3 call ) hurry along , miss reynold -- we be lock up ! kate ( call ) be out in a moment . ( to De Carlo , flatly ) I be go home to my son . do carlo then I beg you to let I come with you .. , there will be no time to lose when you find he 's not there . kate walk away , slowly , but without comment . De Carlo follow after she , a-lt a - 47 revised - '' the final conflict " - 3/10/80 113 int . brocket hall - damien' chapel - night 198 damien stand before the invert crucifix , address the torture figure of Christ . Peter stand to one side , gaze up at damien , he eye fill with worship . damien ( a confident smile ) so you think you have win , do you ? you have watch I slay a hundred child in you place , and never lift a finger to save they , ah , but that 's be you game all along , have not it ... play hide and go seek across the age . well now the game 's up ... ( look at Peter , then back at Christ ) ' suffer the little child to come unto I '. , . you word , nazarene , not mine . damien hold out he hand to Peter , then look up at the Satan effigy far above . damien o Satan , beloved father , the victory be thine ! all praise to thee , for thou hast deliver this virgin child unto I that I may be bring face to face with the nazarene at last . ext . brocket hall - MAIN gate - night 199 kate pull up outside the main gate of brocket Hall , wind down she window as the security guard come forward from the lodge . security guard go right on up , miss reynold -- the ambassador 's expect you . the Security Guard press he radio control , open the gate for kate to drive through . int . brocket hall ~ damien' chapel - night 199 - a damien turn back to Peter , kneel to he level , hold he by he hand , cont . revised ~ " the final conflict " - 3/10/80 116 — ot x 199-a cont. damien now I want you to listen to I , Peter -~ listen carefully . you mother 's on she way up here to take you away from I ... peter ( interrupt ) no , damien -- do not send I back to she . damien do not worry ... from this moment on , you belong to I . ext . brocket hall - MAIN gate - night 200 kate pull up outside brocket Hall , get out of the car . the front door be open , but there 's no sign of anyone . int , brocket hall - damien' chapel - night 201 damien take Peter aside , cupping he head with he hand . damien the Christian faith have ten commandment , TI have only one , say it now , and we two shall become as one . Peter look damien straight in the eye . peter I love you , damien Beyond all other . peter Beyond all other . damien Beyond life itself . kate {o.8. , calm but firm ) I be here to make the deal , damien . damien betray the trace of a smile , but without turn to acknowledge kate , who be stand behind they . cont . a-l7 a-4t revised - " the final conflict " - 3/10/80 117 x 201 cont . damien where be he ? kate give I back my son , I will lead you to he . peter no , damien -- I be not she son ... I belong to you . damien pause , then turn to kate , damien okay ... lead we to the nazarene first , then you can have Peter back , peter no , damien -- it 's a trick . damien not if she want she son back it be not . a pause . kate ( weaken ) all right . damien take Peter by the hand , lead he to the door . damien let 's go . as kate turn to follow they , she look up at the crucify Christ . kate {an anguish whisper ) if you can help I , help I now . a pause , then kate turn and follow damien and Peter from the chapel . hold a beat , a - 47 revised - " the final conflict " ~ 3/10/80 118 eee x ext , fountain abbey - night 202 full shot : fountain Abbey , a vast , ruin cathedral , silhouett stark against the pre-dawn sky . the Abbey be symbolic of the crumble Christian faith , its window gut , its roof a vault canopy of star . presently the headlight of a car appear along the narrow country lane lead to the Abbey . the car turn into the field and pull up a short distance away from the desert ruin . kate get out of the car , follow by damien and Peter , who have ride together in the backseat , kate look anxiously about she , then turn to damien : kate please , damien , .. let I go on ahead , damien we all go together . kate trust I , damien ... I just want to make sure that ... cont . a T 119 202 cont . peter ( interrupt ) no , do not trust she ! damien grip tightly onto Peter 's hand . damien ( to kate ) you lead the way . kate have little alternative out to lead damien and Peter towards the main entrance to the Abbey : a massive oak door , with a smaller one set into it , as kate approach , she glance furtively about the outcrop of fall masonry . kate reach the main oak door and turn back to damien . kate in there . damien open the door . kate turn the handle of the door . as she do so , she spot De Carlo emerge from behind one of the fall pillow . kate ( a ery ) no , Father , ..! damien spin round to see De Carlo bear down on he , dagger upraise , without a moment 's hesitation , damien grab Peter by the waist and hold he in the air like a human shield . too late to stop himself , De Carlo plunge the dagger into Peter 's back . kate ( scream ) Peter ! his usefulness expend , damien cast Peter aside , then grab at De Carlo , hurl he against the wall of the Abbey and nold he by the throat . eate rush to Peter 's side in near hysteria : kate oh , my darling ... do not leave I ! Peter ... do not die , do not ... Peter open he eye , as if in a dream , cont , bat 120 202 cont . peter ( murmure ) I love you ... ( pause Beyond life itseif , I love you , damien ... kate grip at Peter as he eye close with a smile : kate no , Peter ...no ! as if prompt by Peter 's word , kate 's anguish suddenly turn to revenge . she pull out the dagger from Peter 's back , turn , and with one lightning strike , hurl herself at damien , plunging the dagger deep into he spine . kate ( scream ) you bastard ! damien utter a palpable moan -~- the grunt of a stricken beast ~- he hand let go of De Carlo as he try to grab hold of the dagger in he back . but the blade be bury to thehil . he turn to the door of the Abbey and stagger towards it . int , fountain abbey - night 203 the door burst open as damien stumble into the vastness of the Abbey . for a moment he stand alone amid the tower ruin , probing the darkness for he prey . damien where be you , nazarene ? come out and face you destiny , as I face minel silence . damien ( louder ) do you hear I , nazarene ? as if in answer , the Christ child theme fade gently in , the shimmer , harmonic chord of tranquility . damien be p.o.v. : in extreme long shot , at the far end of the Abbey , a light seem to glow in the darkness , a nebulous source of energy . reverse shot : in for ,g. the glow form a hazy circle of light , a diffuse halo circle the screen , through it , in long shot we see damien stagger towards it , he arm outstretch , suddenly he freeze , grip in a spasm of pain and anguish , cont . a- 47 1a. 203 cont. low angle : damien lift he face towards the night sky above nin , damien ( a agonize cry ) sa-tan ! why hast thou desert I ? damien 's cry of desolation echoe through the Abbey ruin . a pause , then he slump to he knee : damien it 's over , Father ... ( face uplift ) receive I back into thy paradise ! with a final convulsion , damien fall forward , the dagger wedge deep in he back . Beyond he prostrate form , the nebulous source of light continue to glow at the far end of the Abbey . ext , fountain abbey - dawn ( sfx ) 204 extended zoom , shoot down from the top of the Abbey . in medium shot kate kneel beside the body of she son , cradling he in she arm , while De Carlo form a sign of the Cross over he forehead . camera pull slowly back , the three silent figure grow smaller and smaller as the zoom recede . as it do so , the Abbey wall and window begin to cast long shadow across the field , as if the light source within the Abbey be grow brighter . De Carlo and kate look towards the Abbey , but they be now too far away for we to see they reaction . as the contrast between shadow and light grow stronger , so do the Christ child theme , building in volume as the camera zoom back to its full extent . camera hold in extreme long shot as kate lift Peter in she arm and slowly begin to walk with De Carlo towards the Abbey door . end title begin as kate and De Carlo leave shot below we , camera holding on the full shadow of the Abbey stretch out across the field and beyond . it be probably the dawn . pade out the end