django unchained written by quentin tarantino I ext - countryside - broiling hot day as the film 's open credit sequence play , complete with its own spaghetti western theme song , we see seven shirtless and shoeless black male slave connect together with leg irons , be run , by two : white male hillbillies on horseback . the location be somewhere in Texas . the Black Men ( roy , big sid , benjamin , django , pudgy ralph , franklyn , and blueberry ) be slave just recently purchase at the greenville slave auction in greenville Mississippi . the White hillbilly be two slave Traders call , the speck brother ( ace and dicky ) . one of the seven slave be we hero django ... . he 's fourth in the leg iron line . we may or may not notice a tiny small " be " burn into he cheek ( " be " for runaway ) , but we can not help but notice he back which have be slashed to ribbons by bull whip beating . as the operatic open theme song play , we see a montage of misery and pain , as django and the other Men be walk through blister sun , pound rain , and move along by the end of a whip . bare foot step on hard rock , and slosh through mud puddle . leg iron take the skin off ankle . as the credit play , django have a spaghetti western flashback . now spaghetti western flashbacks be never pretty , it 's usually the time in the film when the lead character think back to the most painful memory inflicted on he or he love one from evil character from he past . in this instance we see django in a slave pen at the greenville auction . django amongst many other shoulder and head , see through the bar of the cell door , he wife broomhilda be lead to the auction block . he fight he way to the door , and far off and obscure in the distance , he can see broomhilda up on the auction block , and in the distance he hear the auctioneer yell ; " sold . " then she 's take away to whereabouts unknown , never to be see again . as the sun continue to beat down on django 's head , he remember ; django in the slave pen with what seem like a one hundred and fifty slave in a cell design for forty . white men yank he out . of the cell , shirtless , shoeless , and lead he down a hallway , into a giant round pen , a audience view area circle the round pen floor on three different storey of the structure . the ground floor be cover by the big money buyer who stand in front of the auction block . 2 django be move into a line of slave ( the Black Men ) , and they master ( they White owner ) , and they seller ( the White man actually do the sale pitch on the auction block ) , as they wait for they turn on the block . a slave ( robbie ) , stand on the auction block in view of the room full of buyer , the seller sell , and the owner stand off to the side . django take in the environment around he . django have never care for white folk , but this white folk be in particularly ugly . it 's django 's turn on the auction block as the theme song wail its tragic crescendo , django be bring up on the auction block . he.looks down at all the white people who want to buy niggers , who look up to he . his heart fill with poison . back to django walk in leg iron with he six other companion , walk across the blister Texas panhandle ... . remember .. . think . - .hating . the open credit sequence end . /- - " ext - wood -- night it 's night time and the speck Brothers , astride horse , keep push they black skinned cargo forward . it 's a very pitch black night , with only a few star in the.sky to create a little top light . it 's so dark , the slavers use the creek . bed to keep from get lose . both speck Brothers carry a lantern up on they horse , as. do Roy , the slave in lead position on the chain gang . it 's also a bitterly cold night , with the breath of the seven slave , two slaver , and two horse create cloud in the air . in fact the seven chain together slave , with the lead one hold a lantern , and all of they chugge out smoky breath , and . slightly move in unison , resemble a human locomotive . the slave shiver from the cold on they shirtless back , both speck Brothers wear rawhide winter coat with white fur lining , and white fur collar . when ... .a SOUND and a SMALL light appear ahead of they on the road . this make the slave Traders stop they human live stock , and ready they rifle for possible trouble . 3 a black horse carry a dress in grey Rider , clip - clop from the background to the foreground , illuminate by a glow lantern that the Rider carry . the rider appear to be a tenderfoot , due to he style of dress . a long grey winter ' coat , over a grey three piece business suit , and a grey bowler hat on he head . dicky speck who 's that stumblin around in the dark ? State you business , or prepare to get winge ! the rider calm yourselves gentleman , I mean you no harm . I be simply a fellow weary traveler . the Rider dress in business grey pull he horse to a stop in front of the two slavers , and they slave , lift the lantern up to he face . he speak with a slight german accent . the rider ( to the slavers ) good cold evening gentleman . ( to the shiver slave ) good evening - I be look for a pair of slave trader that go by the 'name of the speck Brothers . might that be you ? ace speck who want to . know ? the rider I do . I be Dr. King schultz , and this be my horse , fritz . fritz , do a little bow with he head , a neat trick the doctor teach he . dicky speck you a doctor ? dr.schultz affirmative . dicky speck what kinda doctor ? dr.schultz dentist . be you the speck Brothers , and do you purchase that man at the greenville . slave auction ? ace speck so what ? le dr.schultz so , I wish to parley with you . ace speck speak English ! dr.schultz oh , I be sorry . please forgive I , it be a second language . amongst you inventory , I have be lead to believe , be a specimen I be keen to acquire . ( to the slave ) hello you poor devil . be there one among you , who be formerly a resident of the carrucan Plantation ? since Roy in lead position be the one hold the lantern , the second half of the slave centipede fall off into darkness . in the darkness a voice ring out ; django's voice ( os ) I be from the carrucan Plantation . dr.schultz move fritz forward towards the darkness , raise he lantern , illuminate we hero django . dr.schultz splendid ! and what 's you name young , man ? django django . dr.schultz Wunderbar ! you be exactly the one I be look for . so tell I django - by the way that 's a amazing name - during you time at the carrucan Plantation , do you come to know three overseer by the name of the brittle Brothers ? django nod he head , yes . dr.schultz be delighted . dr.schultz Big John , Ellis , and little brother raj ? django dem da brittle Brothers . dr.schultz so django , do you think you could recognize - ï¿½ . the speck Brothers have be watch this tenderfoot engage they slave in polite conversation .. . with a touch of disbelief . ace speck hey , stop talkin ' to he like that ! dr.schultz like what ? ace spec like that ! dr.schultz my good man , I be simply try to ascertain ace speck speak English , goddamit ! dr.schultz everybody calm down ! I be simply a customer try to conduct a transaction . ace speck I do not care , no sale . now off wit ya ! dr.schultz do not be ridiculous , of course they be for sale . Ace raise he rifle towards the german . ace speck move it ! Ace cock back the rifle hammer . dr.schultz my good man , do you simply get carry away with you dramatic gesture , or be you point that weapon at I with lethal intention ...? ace speck last chance , fancy pants dr.schultz - very well - the doctor , throw he lantern to the ground , envelop he in darkness . the next flash of light we see be the good doctor pistol out of he holster , and firing point blank into Ace speck face ... . blowing the dumber dumb brother off he horse , dead in the dirt . before dicky can maneuver either he rifle or he horse in the Germans direction ... bam ... dr.schultz shoot he horse in the head ... . the steed go down take dicky with he ... when the dead weight horse land on dicky 's slightly twisted leg , we hear two distinct cracking sound .:.. dicky let out a bitch like scream . the slave watch all this . they have never see a white man kill another white man before . dicky be pin down under he ole paint . django watch in the dark , the german climb down off he horse , pick up Ace 's discard lantern , and walk over to the remain speck . dr.schultz sorry about put a bullet in you beast . but I do not want you to do anything rash before you have a moment to come to you sense . dr.sch.ultz light the lantern , illuminate himself , as he stand over dicky 's body . dicky speck you goddamn son of a bitch , you kill Ace ! dr.schultz . I only shot you brother , once he threaten to shoot I . and I do believe I have ... ( counting out the slave ) .one , two , three , four , five , six , seven witness who can attest to that fact . dicky speck my damn leg bust ! dr.schultz no doubt . now , if you can keep you caterwaul down to a minimum , I would like to finish my line of inquiry with young django . ( to django ) as I be say , if you be to see the brittle Brothers again , would you recognize they ? django yes . dr.schultz now I be sure . to you , all unshaven white man look alike . so django , in a crowd of unshaven white man , can you honestly and positively point out the brittle Brothers ? django spaghetti western flashback we be in he little shack at the carrucan Plantation . it 's pissing rain outside . django be make love to he wife broomhilda , when she stop let out a shout . the three overseer know as the brittle brother be outside peek in through the window . they burst in through the front door . soak to the bone , they rodeo bull they way into the shack , and make the two slave continue fuck for they amusement . as django and broomhilda be force to copulate , they run they wet white hand down she chocolate leg .. . they fondle he ass .. . they squeeze she tit . . . they bring a belt across django 's backside to make he fuck faster . . . then they yank he off , as big JOHN climb on top of broomhilda .. the other brittle brother whip django with they belt , and make he sit in the corner , while they finish with he wife . back to django django I can point them out . dr.schultz sold american ! so mr.speck , how much for django ? dicky speck I be gonna lose this leg ! dr.schultz yes , unless you find a talented physician very quickly , I be afraid that will be the . end result . but back to business , how much do you want for django ? dicky speck you go to hell ! dr.schultz do not be silly . how much for django ? dicky speck 800 dollar ! dr.schultz oh come now , I may not have the experience in the slave trade that you and you family do , but neither be I bear yesterday . 8 the. good doctor remove a pamphlet from he grey suit coat pocket . dr.schultz in this most helpful pamphlet that I pick up at the greenville slave auction , it say that the go rate for African flesh ' - in particularly a field nigger - _is sixty to eighty dollar . now handsome no doubt as django be , technically , he be a field . nigger . which accord to " this pamphlet here - and why would they lie - put he price at eighty dollar . so in light of that , how bout a hundred and twenty five dollar for young django here . dr.schultz remove he long billfold from he pocket , and take out a one hundred dollar bill , two ten and a fiver . dr.schultz and since you late brother . will not be use it anymore , I would like to purchase he nag . he remove a twenty dollar gold piece from he . pocket , and toss it on dicky 's body . he bend down and , put the paper money -. in the saddle bag on dicky 's dead horse . with.his hand in there , he root around and find the key to - the leg iron . he unlock django 's leg iron . django be free . dr.schultz there you go django , . give you ankle a good rub , then get up on that horse . also , if I be you , I would take that winter coat the dear depart speck leave behind . django remove the coat from the dead slaver . put on the warm jacket over he bare back , and climb up on Ace speck horse . dr.schultz turn to dicky on the ground . dr.schultz mr.speck , I be afraid I will require a bill of sale . do you have one ? dicky just curse he . he say , remove a notebook from he pocket ; dr.schultz I think not . no worry , I come prepare . ( as he write ) this will serve nicely as a bill of sale . ( he stop , then say to django ) django be spell with a silent " D " , be it not ? 9 django huh ? dr.schultz why not .. he write it in he book with a silent " D " , then stop to admire the way it look . dr.schultz yes , that do add a little character . the german dentist lower himself by the speck brother pin down under he horse , and hand he the notebook and pen . dr.schultz if you would be so kind speck , as to make you mark here . the. hillbilly spit in the german gentleman 's face . the good doctor wipe he face with a handkerchief . then take out a pocket knife . and whisper something that can not be hear in the slaver ear . he sign the bill of sale . dr.schultz mr.speck , I would like to say it be a pleasure do business with you , but you customer service leave a lot to be desire . the good doctor climb back up on fritz , and look to the six slave , in leg iron . dr.schultz now as to you poor devil . he toss to pudgy Ralph the key to the shackle . dr.schultz so as i.see it , when it come to the subject of what to do next , you gentleman have two choice . one , once I be go , you lift that beast off the remain speck , then carry he to the nearest town . which would be at least thirty - seven mile back the way you come . or ... . two , you unshackle yourselves , take that rifle over there . . . put a bullet in he head , bury the two of they deep , and make you way to a more enlighten area of the country . the choice be yours . he 's just about ready to ride off , when the good doctor add ; 0 dr.schultz oh , and on the off chance that there 's any astronomy aficionado amongst you , the North Star be that one . tata . he look to django , who do not know how to start he horse . dr.schultz just give he a little kick . django do , and the horse respond by move . dr.schultz see , it 's not so difficult . ext - morning TEXAS landscape - sunrise the dawn break on a western landscape . the two man ride they horse silently , horse hoof clip -clopping among the rock . django wear speck winter coat , with one of dr.schultz 's white button down dress shirt underneath it . as they ride through the picturesque scene ... dr.schultz break the silence . dr.schultz so , django , what do you intend to name he ? django who ? dr.schultz you horse ? django what horse ? dr.schultz ' the horse you be riding . django this be not my horse . dr.schultz yes it be . django no it be not , it 's you horse . I be just riding it . dr.schultz well , technically , yes - wait a minute - technically not . if it 's my horse , I can give it to you , and as of now , I be do such . django , you be now the proud owner of a horse , congratulation . / 1 django I can not feed no horse . I can not put no horse up in no stable . dr.schultz ( frustrate ) do not worry about all that ! they ride a bit longer in silence .. . the good doctor compose himself ... then say with a smile ; dr.schultz so ... . now that that 's settle ... . what do you intend to name it ? half the fun of have a horse be choose he name . for instance my steed be name fritz . he 's stubborn , ornery , and prone to a bad disposition , but I could not do without he . ( he pat fritz 's neck ) anyway , the name of one 's steed , be not something one do lightly . so once you have think about it for awhile - django - tony . dr.schultz - tony what ? django - I dunno , tony the horse . dr.schultz oh , you mean you want to name you horse tony ? django yeah . that 's what you jus ' ask I , right ? dr.schultz when you be right you be right , indeed I do . why tony ? django I gotta tell ya ? you do not tell I I gotta tell ya . as they continue to converse , they start head downhill toward a western town . they pass by a sign that say ; " welcome to daughtrey , TEXAS " / Z dr.schultz well I be naturally curious , of course , but there 's no reason you must tell I . in fact a air of mystery add a dash of panache to any steed . and I do believe tony wear it well . good job django , well do . ext - the western town of daughtrey - morning as the citizen of daughtrey wake up , django and dr.schultz ride fritz and tony through the main street of town .. daughtrey look like a million western town we have see before in movie . but to the townspeople of daughtrey , django and the german do not look like a million other visitor . dr.schultz what 's everybody stare at ? django they never see a nigger on a horse before . dr.schultz what 's this bizarre obsession they have with . you not riding horse ? django you askin ' I ? dr.schultz stop fritz in front of a saloon , and dismount . django have a little trouble both stop tony and get off he , but it get do . dr.schultz keep bombard the slave with question . dr.schultz so what other archaic ritual be you people verboten to take part in ? as per usual with this white man , django think ; " what " ? dr.schultz I be just try to get a clear idea on what you can do , and what you can not do , and if you can not do it , why can not you do it ? like for instance , what if we be to walk in this saloon here , sit down at a table , order a drink , and drink it ? would the authority frown on that ? django Hell yeah , they gonna frown . dr.schultz what part would they find the most offensive ? 13 django all of it . I can not be walkin ' in no saloon . I can not be sittin ' my ass on no chair , at no table . I can not be drinkin ' no drink . and I definitely can not be sharin ' no drink , with no white man , in public . dr.schultz so if you and I do that thing , that would be consider enough of a infraction to make the saloon keeper go get the sheriff ? django you bet you sweet ass they get the sheriff . the good doctor extend he hand towards the saloon entrance . dr.schultz well in that case django , after you . django whoa - I be not funnin , I can not go in there . dr.schultz django you be go to have to learn to trust I , and as the man say ; " there 's no time like the , present . " he take django by the arm and lead he into the entryway of the establishment . int - SALOON - morning the nervous black slave and the confident german 'dentist walk into the saloon . the SALOON keeper ( pete ) be high up on a chair place high up on a table , to change a candle in the saloon chandelier . his back be turn away from the two patron . dr.schultz good morning inn keeper , two beer for two weary traveler . SALOON keeper it ' ,s still pretty early , we will not be open for about a hour . but by then we will be servin ' breakfast - he turn around and see they . SALOON keeper whoa ! what the hell you think you doin ' boy , get that nigger outta here . it time CUT ext - SALOON - morning it 's about five minute later , and the saloon keeper come run out of the bar to get the sheriff . when dr.schultz , sit at a table with the young django , call ; dr.schultz Inn keeper ! remember , get the sheriff , not the marshall . this would not be the marshall jurisdiction . ' this be just a infraction , on what I assume be a simple county ordinance , and that would fall under the domain of the sheriff . the saloon keeper run away . the two man sit by themselves in the empty saloon . dr.schultz it look like we must act as we own bartender . the german stand up , and walk - behind the bar , and pour two beer 's from the tap into mug . django remain seat , and after a beat , ask ; django what kinda dentist be you ? this make the doctor laugh , as he pour the beer 's . dr.schultz I have not practice dentistry in five year - not to say once I know you better , I would not like to get a look at that mouth - I be sure it 's a disaster - but this day I practice a new profession ... . bounty Hunter . this get no reaction from django . dr.schultz do you know what a bounty Hunter be ? the Black man shake he head , no . as the good doctor , walk back to the table carry the mug of beer , he explain ; dr.schultz well the way the slave trade deal in human life for cash , a bounty hunter , deal in corpse . 15 dr.schultz ( cont 'd ) the state place a bounty on a man 's head . I track that man , I find that man , I kill that man . after I have kill he , I transport that man 's corpse back to the authority - and sometimes that 's easier say then do . I show that corpse to the authority - prove , yes indeed , I have truly kill he - at which point , the authority pay I the bounty . ( lift he beer ) cheer . the two man touch glass , and take a drink . django what 's a bounty ? dr.schultz it 's like a reward . django you kill people and they give you a reward ? dr.schultz certain people , yes . django White people ? dr.schultz mostly . a few mexican . couple chiname . django bad people ? dr.schultz badder they be , bigger the reward . which bring I to you , and I must admit I be at a bit of a quandary when it come to you . on one hand , I despise slavery . on the other hand , I need you help , and if you be not in a position to refuse , all the better . so for the time be , I be go to make this slave malarkey work to my benefit . ( beat ) still ... . have say that , . I feel guilty . so ... I would like the two of we to enter into a agreement . I be look for the brittle Brothers , however in this endeavor I be at a slight disadvantage , in so far as , I do not know what they look like . but you do ... . dont 'cha ? 1g ï¿½ . django spaghetti western flashback django , back at the carrucan Plantation , hold down by Roger and Ellis brittle , as Big John burn the " be " into he cheek with a branding iron . back to django django I know what they look like , all right . dr.schultz good . so , here 's my agreement . you travel with I till we find they - django - where we goin ' ? dr.schultz I hear at least two of they be oversee up in gatlinburg , but I do not know where . that mean we visit every plantation in gatlinburg till we find they . and when we find they , you point they out , and I kill they . you do that , I agree to give you you freedom ... . twenty - five dollar per brittle brother - that 's seventy - five dollar ... . you horse , tony even though I have already give he to you -- but once the final brittle brother lie dead in the dust , I will buy you a new saddle , and a new suit of clothes , handsome cowboy hat include . dr.schultz 's eye go to the saloon window . dr.schultz and as if on cue ... . here come the sheriff . ext - SALOON - morning we see the sheriff , bill sharp , walk towards the saloon cradling a Winchester . some townspeople ( like the saloon keeper ) stand around to watch . A. young boy lead a herd of baby goat through town . sheriff sharp stand in the middle of the street . sheriff sharp okay boy , fun 's over , come on out . both the doctor and django stand up and walk to the front porch . as they do , the sheriff say ; 1 2 sheriff sharp now why y'all wanna come into my town , start trouble , and scare all this nice people ? you be not get nothin ' better to do , then to come into Bill sharp town and show you ass - from he top step on the porch , Dr. King schultz extend he hand toward the sheriff , as if to shake it ... :. .then ... a SMALL derringer - pop into schultz 's hand from a metal slide apparatus conceal under he jacket sleeve . once in hand , the dentist fire one tiny bullet into the belly of Bill sharp . the tiny gun make a tiny pop sound . the shocked Bill sharp let out a ugly groan , and double over in the dirt . the townspeople be startle . as be django . as schultz walk down the porch step , to the fall sheriff , reloading he tiny pop shooter , a pedestrian yell out ; pedestrian what do you jus ' do to we sheriff ? dr.schultz answer he by put another tiny bullet in the law man' skull , kill he dead . in the background , one woman faint . the Boy and he goat scatter . dr.schultz look over at the saloon keeper , across the street . dr.schultz now you can go get the marshall . time CUT ext - daughtrey MAIN STREET - day u.s.marshall gill tatum snap the menfolk of daughtrey to attention . marshall tatum move that buckboard over there long way across the street from the saloon . and I want six man and six Winchester behind it . and I want two man with two rifle on this roof , and two man with two rifle on that roof , with all barrel point at that front door . and somebody git poor Bill outta the goddamn street . lp Cowboys with rifle climb up stair to take position on the roof of the building across the street from the saloon . the Marshall direct the buckboard be move into place . the last sniper on the rooftop take he position . when ... coming from the SALOON ... . piano music ... int - SALOON - day dr.schultz sit behind the piano play a catchy little saloon number . he seem skilled enough to be a professional western saloon piano player . a terrify django , who 's sure he new master be a lunatic who 's go to get they both kill , peek out the close curtain on the window . dr.schultz 's suit coat sit drape over a chair . all of he weapon , include he metal slide rail derringer contraption , lie on a table . he play piano in he button down dress shirt and gray suit vest . dr.schultz what be they do ? django I think they wonderin ' why you playin ' the piana ' . dr.schultz good . ( pause ) but what be they do ? django a buncha white folk bring a buckboard around out front , now they hidin ' behind it with gun . and a buncha other white folk be up on the roof , with rifle point down here . dr.schultz damn , they get that organize fast . be the marshall out there ? django if the one I think be the . marshall be the marshall , he 's out there . ) 9 dr.schultz what make you think he 's the marshall ? django Cause he 's the one ready to say somethin' . marshall's voice you in the saloon ! dr.schultz stop play the piano . marshall's voice we get eleven Winchester on every way outta that buildin ' ! you get once chance git outta this alive ! you and you nigger come out right now with you hand over you head , and I mean , right now ! dr.schultz first thing first ! be this the marshall I have the pleasure of address ? marshall tatum yes it be , this be U.S. Marshall gill Tatum . dr.schultz Wunderbar ! so marshall , I have relieved myself of all weapon , and just as you have instruct , I be ready to step outside with my hand raise above my head . I trust as a representative of the criminal justice system of the United States of America , I shant be shot down in the street , by either you or you deputy , before I have have my day in court . marshall tatum you mean like you do we sheriff ? shot them down like a dog in the street ! dr.schultz yes , that 's exactly what I mean ! do I have you word as a lawman not to shoot I down like a dog in the street ? marshall tatum well , as much as we would all enjoy seein ' something ' like that , be not nobody gonna cheat the hangman in my town ! dr.schultz Fair enough marshall , here we.come .! dr.schultz ( to django ) they be a little tense out there . so do not make any quick movement , and let I do the talk . django look at he like , " as if ... " ext - SALOON / MAIN STREET - day a lot of gun be train on the front door of the saloon . outside of range , the whole town watch the stand off . the saloon door open , and dr.schultz and django , hand raise , step outside . marshall tatum you unarm ? dr.schultz yes indeed we be . Marshall Tatum , may I address you , you deputy , and apparently the entire town of daughtrey , as to the incident that just occur ? marshall tatum go on ! dr.schultz my name be dr.ke schultz . and like yourself , marshall , I be a servant of the court . the man lie dead in the dirt , who the good people of daughtrey see fit to elect as they sheriff , who go by the name of Bill sharp , be actually a want outlaw by the name of willard peck , with a price on he head of two hundred dollar . that 's two hundred dollar , dead or alive . marshall tatum the hell you say ! dr.schultz I '.m aware this be probably disconcert news . but I be willing to wager this man be elect sheriff sometime in the last two year . I know this because . three year ago he be rustling cattle from , the b.c. corrigan cattle company of lubbock Texas . Z / dr.schultz ( cont 'd ) in my possession . be a warrant make out by circuit court judge Henry Allen laudermilk of Austin Texas . you be encourage to wire he . he will back up who I be , and who you dear depart sheriff be . the menfolk of the town with rifle , begin trading look . then dr.schultz deliver the coup de grace . dr.schultz in other word marshall , you owe I two hundred dollar . CUT to ext - tennessee country road - day django and dr.schultz , who by now have ride quite a few mile together , ride they horse in the Tennessee countryside , on the way to gatlinburg . dr.schultz be dress in one of he nearly identical grey business suit , and django be still dress in he slave pants , schultz 's button down dress shirt , and Ace speck 's winter coat . somewhere along the way a pair of shoe have appear on 'his foot . dr.schultz one need a plan , son . this be brutal time . a man who survive , be a man with a plan . a man who thrive , be a man with a good plan . so , have say that , what 's you plan , young django ? django what ' cha mean ? dr.schultz well , after this brittle business be behind we , you will be a free man , with a horse , and seventy five dollar in you back pocket . what 's you plan after that ? django find my wife , and buy she freedom . dr.schultz django , I have no idea you be a marry man . do most slave take the institution of matrimony seriously ? django huh ? ZZ dr.schultz do slave believe in marriage ' ? django I and my wife do . dr.schultz where be she now ? django I dunno . they put we in different boxcar , and send U.S to the greenville slave auction . she get sell two day ' fore I . but I do not know who to . dr.schultz take out a long stick of beef jerky . dr.schultz Care for some jerky ? django sure . dr.schultz rip he off a piece . django chew on it . as he chew , schultz say ; dr.schultz so you plan be to trackdowri you wife , and purchase she . freedom ? only you do not know where she be ? a chew django nod he head , yes . dr.schultz , take a big bite of jerky , chew for a " moment contemplate the dilemma , then pronounce ; dr.schultz well that should not be all that difficult . so how long ago do all this happen ? django a few month ago . dr.schultz Three or four ? django Three . dr.schultz so shecamefrom the carrucan Plantation , and shewassold at the greenville slave auctiontosome : unknown customer three monthsago ? django nod he head , yes . Z3 dr.schultz the bad part about slavery be a business , be it 's immoral . the good part about it be a business be , they keep record . somewhere in greenville there 's a book with you wife 's name in it , and the name of the customer who buy she , and more then likely they address . but then schultz seem to get second thought . dr.schultz still , seventy - five dollar in you back pocket be a pretty nice grub steak , but it 's not go to get you very far in greenville . not to mention a slave auction town in Mississippi be not the safest place you could visit . free or not . django I will have my freedom papers . dr.schultz yes you will . but say you show they to some rascal , and they take they from you and tear they up ? django they could do that ? dr.schultz I be not say they would , but they could . django they do that I will kill them . dr.schultz great ! now you get hang for killin ' a white man . the point be be the place , be just too dangerous for you . django well I gotta go , when do I go ? dr.schultz when you get more dangerous . ext - chattanooga - day muddy and wet big city chattanooga . we be in the back of a store that . sell servant / house nigger uniform . django come burst out of the store back door . he 's very distress . one glance at the outfit he 's wear explain the distress . Z django be dress in a powder blue satin Little Lord fauntleroy outfit , that would not be out of place in the court of Marie antoinette at versaille . dr.schultz come trail after he . dr.schultz django , you have to , it 's part of " the Act " . you be play a character . you character be the valet . this be what the valet wear . remember what I tell you . during the act , you can never break character . CUT to ext - bennett manor - day we see Dr. schultz , riding slightly in front of django , dress in he blue satin Little Lord fauntleroy outfit , as they enter the property of bennett manor , a plantation in gatlinburg , Tennessee . django lead a riderless horse , behind he and tony . as the two man ride they horse up the road that lead to the front step of bennett manor , alongside the cotton field , all the slave stop pick cotton , and straighten they bent back up to stare in wonder at this sight . the patriarch of bennett manor , spencer " big daddy " bennett , dress in a fancy leisure suit of the day , emerge from the double door of the mansion , and stand on the top step , hand on hip , watch the white man and black man move from the background to the foreground . while there be plenty black male out in the cotton field , the majority of the slave population of bennett manor be pretty . black female , fourteen to twenty - four , refer to as , " pony be " . the biggest money make crop of this farm , after cotton . as dr.schultz and fancy pants django , bring fritz and tony to a stop in front of bennett manor , they have draw quite a crowd of slave , bennett family member , and white worker ( overseer be ) . Spencer bennett keep on the top step so he will not be force to look up at the darkee on the horse . spencer bennett it 's against the law for nigger to ride horse in this territory . dr.schultz this be my valet , and my valet do not walk . spencer bennett I say nigger - Z .ate ` dr.schultz his name be django , he 's a free man , and he can ride what he please . spencer bennett not on my . property , around my nigger he can not . dr.schultz my good sir , perhaps we get off on the wrong boot . allow I to unring this bell . my name be dr.ke schultz , this be my valet , django , and this be we horse , fritz , and tony . fritz , do he head bow . this make the pretty pony be surround bennett , giggle . dr.schultz Mr. bennett , I have be lead to believe you be a gentleman , and a business man . and it be in this capacity that we have ride from Texas to Tennessee to talk with you now . spencer bennett State you business . dr.schultz I wish to purchase one of you nigger gal . spencer bennett you and you jimmie ride from Texas to Tennessee , to buy one of my nigger gal , no appointment , no nuttin' ? dr.schultz I be afraid so . spencer bennett well what if I say , I do not like you , or you fancy pants . nigger , and I would not sell you a tinker damn - what ' cha gotta say about that ? dr.schultz Mr. bennett , if you be the business man , I have be lead to believe you to be , I have five thousand thing I might say , that could change you mind . i this get everybody 's attention , not least of all Spencer bennett . Spencer laugh . zg spencer bennett c'mon inside , get yourself something ' cool to drink . the incognito bounty hunter , dismount he steed , as do django . then the good doctor walk up the step to bennett manor . dr.schultz maybe while we discuss business , you could provide one of you loveliest black creature to escort django here around you magnificent grounds . spencer absolutely . betina ! a pretty , fleshy , sweet jell , twenty - two year old slave gal name betina , snap to attention . betina yes sir , Big daddy ? spencer ( to schultz ) what 's you jimmy name again ? dr.schultz django . spencer betina sugar , take django around the grounds . show them all the pretty stuff . betina as you please , Big daddy . dr.schultz lower he voice , and say to the plantation owner ; dr.schultz Mr. bennett , I must remind , you , django be a free man . he can not be treat like a slave . within the bound of good taste , he must be treat as a extension of myself . spencer understood. , schultz . betina ? betina yes , sir ? spencer django be not a slave . django be a free man . do you understand ? you be not to treat he like any of this other nigger around here , cause he be not like any of this other nigger around here . ya get it ? betina ya want I should treat them like white folk ? spencer no that 's not what I say . betina then I do not know what ' cha want Big daddy . spencer yes , I can see that . ( he thinks ) what 's the name of that peckawood boy from town work with the glass ? his mama work at the lumber yard ? he come by and fix the winda 's when we have a problem ? the mammy of bennett manor chime in ; mammy of bennett manor oh , you mean Jerry . spencer yeah , that 's the boy 's name , Jerry . ( to betina ) you know Jerry , dont ' cha sugar ? betina yes them , Big daddy . spencer well that 's it then ... just treat ' they like you would Jerry . ext - another part of bennett manor - day away from the big house , betina give django a tour of the grounds . her in she slave get up , complete with handkerchief on she head , and he in he satin baby blue Little Lord fauntleroy outfit , be quite the pair . she eyeball he disapprovingly up and down . betina what ' cha do for you massa ' ? django do not you hear he tell ya , I be not no slave . betina so you really free ? django yes . zy betina you mean you wanna dress like that ? django fume . ext - bennett manor ( back porch ) - day both Spencer bennett and dr.schultz sit on the back porch drink lemonade . dr.schultz I have been'told by that who should know , the most exquisite African flesh in the state of Tennessee be breed right here on you land . and from the look of this black angel , my source be not wrong . spencer oh I get my share of , coal black , horse face , and gummy mouth bitch out in the field . but the lion share of my lady nigger be real show pony 's . dr.schultz well that 's what I be look for , a show pony for young django . so the only question that remain be , do you have a nigger here worth five thousand dollar ? spencer dr.schultz , five thousand dollar nigger , be practically my middle name . back to django and betina betina and django walk by a big tree on the plantation grounds . the cotton field and the slave pick it , in the background . django betina , come over here , I need to ask you something . he move she by the tree for more privacy . betina think this fancy pants want to get all lovey - dovey , and she could not be less interested . betina what ' cho want ? django I be lookin ' for three white man . Three brother . overseer . they name be brittle . do you know them ? betina brittle ? django yes , brittle . John brittle . Ellis brittle . and Roger brittle , sometimes call , Little raj . betina I do not know dem . django they could be usin ' a different name . they woulda ' come to the plantation in the last year . betina you mean the shaffer 's ? django maybe ? Three brother ? betina ah-huh . django be they here ? betina ah-huh . django can you point one of them out to I ? betina well one over in that field . she point to the cotton field , at a overseer on top of a horse , whip in hand , eyeing the black at he mercy . django take hold of a little bag sling over he shoulder open it , and take out a shiny brass spyglass , the type a sea captain might use . obviously a prop from dr.schultz . he slide it open , place it against he eye , and point it in the direction of a figure out in the cotton field landscape . spyglass Pov : astride he nag , the filthy hillbilly , who call himself shaffer , but who django know to be ellis brittle , look on , oblivious to django 's observation . django spaghetti western flashback he remember Ellis brittle burning a " be " into broomhilda 's cheek with a branding iron . back to django and the spyglass he lower the glass . 3 0 betina ( innocently ) be that who you lookin ' for ? django yep . he fold the spyglass back up , and put it back in he purse . django where 's the other two ? betina . they by the stable , punishin ' Little jody for breakin ' egg . django they whippin' Little jody ? she nod she head , yes . django Point I in that direction . she point to a shed , and keep point right . betina you go to that shed , and keep goin ' that way . which mean ; " go to the shed and turn right . " django go git that white man , I come here with . he slap she ass , to hurry she up . then look to the shed , and begin crossing the distance between he and the brittle Brothers . flash on a memory from the carrucan Plantation ; the brittle Brothers give he wife broomhilda , a peelin' . peelin ' : a punishment by bullwhip , across the back . little raj make a line in the dirt with the heel of he boot . make django stand behind it , as he watch he wife be whipped . big JOHN brittle slashes the beauty of broomhilda 's back with he bullwhip . django , keep behind the line , beg Big John for mercy . 3 / django please Big John , she will not do it no more ! she 's real sorry ! the whip rip she back . django ( scream ) goddamit , Big John ! little raj whoa nigger , calm down , keep it funny . django get on he knee , and on behalf of broomhild .a , beg Big John brittle with everything he have . back to django crossing the lawn towards the brittle Brothers , like a express train . flash on Big John brittle stand over he , bullwhip in hand , say to the kneeling django ; big JOHN brittle I like the way you beg , boy . ext - stable - day Little raj brittle , tie little jody , a petite slave girl ( eighteen ) to a dead tree stump . big JOHN brittle pace , take a few practice crack with he whip . little jody beg the shaffer Brothers / the brittle Brothers for mercy . roger go and sit on a old wagon wheel to watch the whippin' . big JOHN brittle now jody quit you caterwaulin' . you know yourself it 's for you own good . niggers be clumsy . you would break everything in goddamn sight , you be not cure . and the only know cure for nigger clumsiness be a peelin' . Little jody beg to differ . back to django as django in he powder blue satin suit hurry across the grass to Little jody and the brittle Brothers , he collect eight little friend who happily run along with the fast walk man . EIGHT little french bulldogs who bark , yelp , snort and breath at he heel .. django pay the little dog no nevermind . 3 2 - back to big JOHN brittle in position to take the skin off of Little jody 's back . big JOHN after this we will see if you break egg again . django turn the corner to the stable , and stand behind they . they do not see he . Big John rear back to make the first whip lash ... when ... . django's voice , stop he ; django John brittle ! Big John break he whip stride , look . up , and in a discard full length break mirror from the big house , lay abandon against the stable wall , he see 's django , dress in he powder blue satin Little Lord flauntleroy outfit , surround by he pack of little french bulldog . little jody on she knee , tie to the dead tree stump , look up see 's the same thing in the mirror . little raj look to he leave at the sound of the voice . big JOHN turn toward django , who he still do not recognize . django just stare back . big JOHN smile disappear . he recognize django . so do Roger . little raj django ? django cross toward Big John , raise up he arm like he 's go to shake he hand ... django remember I ? . django extend he arm , and dr.schultz 's derringer arm contraption , . pop the tiny gun into he hand , and he fire a tiny bullet smack dab into big john' merciless heart . big JOHN face go into shock ... .he fall to he knee ... he look up , clutching he heart , at django . django I like the way you die , boy . 3 3 Big John hear it ... then tip over dead . little jody can not believe what she 's just see . four other slave who just happen to be walk in the background , see it . little raj be stunne ... . then come to he sense , fumble for the gun he wear on he hip , but since he 's no gunman , in he haste , he get it out of he holster , but drop it on the ground . it go off ... bang . shoot himself in the foot , he hop up and down in pain . the bulldog scatter at the sound . of the bang . django pick Big John 's whip off the ground. , and begin whipping little raj across the face and chest . more slave gather . django whip he to the ground whip he on the ground , then throw the whip to the ground , pick Roger 's pistol off the ground , and empty it ( five shot ) into Roger . to say the slave be flabbergasted , be a understatement . dr.schultz ride he horse up quickly , rifle in he hand . he see django , and the two dead body . dr.schultz who be they ? django that 's John brittle , and that 's he little brother raj . dr.schultz where 's Ellis ? django he 's the one hightailin ' it across that field right now . Ellis brittle riding he horse full out through the cotton field try to make a escape . schultz's winchester go to he eye , he follow the rider with he rifle barrel . dr.schultz be you sure that 's he ? Ellis get further away ... django yes ! dr.schultz be you positive ? Ellis get further away ... django I dunno . dr.schultz you do not know if you be positive ? Ellis get further away ... django I do not know what , positive , 'means . dr.schultz it mean you be sure . django yes . dr.schultz yes , what ? django yes I be sure that 's Ellis brittle . bam ! the german pick the middle brittle brother off he horse . the dead man wipe out horribly in the thick cotton brush . red blood splashes on white cotton . the german and django have the entire plantation 's attention . Spencer bennett ( with he Winchester ) , he son and he overseer , and some house niggers come around like a angry mob . the german toss he rifle in the dirt , and raise he hand . django do the same with he pistol . dr.schultz address the angry mob . dr.schultz everybody calm down , we mean no one else any harm ! spencer just who the hell be you two joker ? 35 ; drï¿½. schultz I be dr.ke schultz , a legal representative of the criminal justice system of the United States of America . the man to my leave be django Freeman , he 's my . deputy . in my pocket be a warrant sign by circuit court judge Henry Allen laudermilk of Austin Texas , for the arrest and capture , dead or alive , of John brittle , Ellis brittle , and Roger brittle -- django - they be goin by the name , shaffer . dr.schultz you know they by the name , shaffer . but the butcher real name ' be brittle . this be want man . the law want they for murder . I reiterate , this warrant state dead or alive . when django and myself execute this man on sight , we be operate within we legal . boundary . now I realize passion be high . but I must warn you , the penalty for take deadly force against a officer of the court in the performance of he duty be , you will be hang by the neck until you be dead . this do put a momentary pause in the lynch mob 's blood lust . after he dramatic pause for effect ... . Dr. schultz say ; dr.schultz May I please remove the warrant from my pocket so you may examine it ? resting he Winchester over he shoulder , bennett reach for the paper . spencer gimmie . dr.schultz remove the warrant from he jacket pocket , and hand it to the plantation owner . bennett read it silently to himself , resign to what it say . dr.schultz satisfied . bennett eye go from the warrant to the german . dr.schultz May I have that back ? 36 , - bennett hand schultz back the piece of paper . dr.schultz we good ? bennett get off my land . dr.schultz Post haste . ( to django ) load up the body as quickly as you can , and let 's get out of here . time CUT all three dead brittle Brothers lie over the back of the extra horse the bounty hunter bring with they . both bounty hunters be back in they saddle ready to leave . with all the eye of the plantation on they , the white and black man start to ride out , when Spencer " Big daddy " bennett , step in they way for one final threat . bennett ai not nobody gonna touch you and you jimmie while you on my property . but for lettin ' a nigger kill a white man , and especially for let a nigger kill a white man in a audience of nigger , y'all be not gonna make it out of the county alive . Mark my word schultz , by tomorrow morning you nigger gonna be stripped and clipped and hangin ' from my motherfuckin ' gate . dr.schultz I be fully aware bennett , that you and you regulator playmate be not shy about kill for what you believe in . but mark my word Big daddy , if you make a move towards django or myself , you better be prepare to die for it . the two man ride off . the Black and White audience watch they go . ext -- a tennessee lake - night insert : dr.schultz 's saddle bag , the doctor 's hand remove three stick /!. of dynamite from it . 3 7 insert : the doctor 's hand bind the Three stick of dynamite together . insert : the Three stick be wrapped up in a bright yellow bandana . insert : the yellow dynamite stick , be bury in dirt about half way , with the yellow part protrude from out of the ground . CUT to . cu spencer bennett lie on he belly in the grass . spencer bennett that 's they sonsabitch . spencer' Pov : we see the camp by the lake that dr.schultz and django have set up . both wrap up in bedroll . the dead body of the brittle Brothers lie by they in a pile . a campfire slowly dim . we cut back to Spencer bennett lie on he belly with six other rifle caring men observe the camp , from over a grade . the Men sneak back down the hill the way they come ... where about twenty -four regulator be wait for they on horseback , all of the rider head be cover by flour sack with eye and mouth hole cut out . some carry torch , all carry rifle or shotguns . Spencer mount he horse . " Big daddy " issue order astride he steed .. spencer bennett now unless they start shootin ' first , nobody shoot them . that 's way too simple for this joker . we be gonna whip that nigger lover to death . and I be gonna personally , strip and clip that garboon myself . have say he blood thirsty word , he put the flour sack over he head . he tussle with the sack for a bit , then from inside the sack ; spencer bennett damn , I can not see fuckin ' shit outta this thing . he stick he finger in the.eye hole , and rip , try to make the hole bigger , he only succeed in make - visibility more obscure . bradshaw we ready , or what ? 3 7 spencer bennett hold on I be fuckin ' with my eye hole . ( rip ) shit ... I just make it worse . he rip . it off he head in frustration . randy I can not see shit either . redfish who make this goddamn shit ? 0 . B. willard wife . willard well make you own goddamn mask ! spencer ( to willard ) look nobody 's say they do not appreciate what Jenny do . redfish well if all I hadda do be cut a bag , I could cut it better then this . 0 . B. how ' bout - you Robert , can you see ? ROBERT not too good . I mean if i.do not move my head , I can see you pretty good ... . more or less . but when I start ridin ' the bag start move all over , and I be riding blind . Randy tear at he bag . randy oh shit , I just make mine worse . he put it on - then say ; randy yep , it 's worse . he yank it off he head . randy do anybody bring any extra bag ? terry no , no one bring a extra bag ! 3 9 randy I be just ask . doug do we hafta wear them when we ride ? spencer shitfire , if you do not wear them as you ride up , that just defeat the purpose . redfish , fatter then some ( but not all ) , take off he bag . redfish I can not see in this fuck thing ! I can not breathe in this fuck thing ! and I can not ride in this fuck thing ! willard fuck all y'all ! I be go home . I watch my wife work all day gettin ' thirty bag ready for you ungrateful sonsabitch ! and all I hear be criticize , criticize , criticize . from now on do not ask I or mine for nothin' ! willard ride off . o.b. remove he bag , and yell after willard . spencer o.b. , I tole yo to keep quiet ! they be asleep , not dead . o.b. but willard riding off . spencer fuck willard ! look , let 's not forget why we be here . we gotta killer nigger over that hill . and we gotta make a lesson outta them . randy okay , I be confuse , be the bag on or off ? Robert take off he bag , and say ; ROBERT I think we all think the bag be a nice idea . but , not point any finger , they could of be do better . so how ' bout , no bag this time , but next time , we do the bag right , and then we go full regalia . everyone take off they bag . spencer wait a minute , I do not say no bag ! yo terry but nobody can see . spencer so ? terry so , it would be nice to see . spencer goddamit , this be a raid ! I can not see , you can not see , so what ? all that matter be can the fuckin horse see ! that 's a raid . Spencer put on he sack , everyone else , reluctantly , do as well . ext - lake - night the thirty rider , all with sack over there head , come riding over the hill , hoot and hollerin . since nobody can see they ride haphazard into each other . ' redfish fall off he horse hard on he fat ass . they surround the camp , and when the sleep schultz and django do not react , they know something 's up . but since nobody can see , everybody and everybody 's horse be . confuse . we hear a group of line from circle cowboys on horseback with bag over there head : " where be they , I can not see " - " they trick we " - " do somebody fall " " where the hell be they " " y'all , redfish fall off he horse - he 's kinda hurt bad . " then amongst the confusion ... we SNAP zoom to a big tree on the other side of the lake then quickly cut into the Tree . till we be in a cu of dr.schultz with a scope sight rifle up to he eye . scope sight Pov the yellow cover stick of dynamite protrude from the ground , be inside the scope sight circle , horse hoof step around it . two shot dr.schtjltz and django up in a tree . dr.schultz auf wiedersehen . L , he fire . the Camp explode blow horse and rider apart . dr.schultz and django lift up repeat rifle . dr.schultz let them have it ! django I can not see nothin' . dr.schultz just fire into the smoke . the two treetop killer let loose with rifle fire . inside of the smoke pandemonium reign . horse and Men trip over body and piece of body , of horse and man . Men with leg and arm blow off , yell bloody murder , hurt and scared horse cry . some struggle to get the sack off they head , while scared horse dance and buck in panic . some be shot by the rifle fire . the rest of the man not blow up , and still on horseback , between the sack and the smoke , still can not see worth a damn . and Men and horse collide with one another , which cause more buck and rider fall . about fifteen of the man who can still ride , high tail it the fuck out of there . whipped and whimper like dog . spencer bennett on he horse with the other flee regulator ride for he life ... scope sight Pov we see the back of the flee bennett smack dab in the cross hair . django scope sight rifle up to he eye . schultz next to he , say ; dr.schultz he 's get away . django I get them . spencer' horse he hoof race and rip up the grass . spencer riding for he life ... django scope sight rifle up to he eye . dr.schultz he 's get out of range . django I get them . insert : a black finger squeeze the rifle trigger . spencer bennett we be behind he as he ride away , off screen we hear the whistling of what sound like a income missle . spencer bennett we be in . front of Spencer bennett as he ride , when django 's bullet , rip through he chest . django django I get them . spencer bennett fall from he horse , dead . django scope sight rifle in he hand , big smile on he face , look .to dr.schultz . dr.schultz like that , huh ? refer to the scope sight rifle ; django I like . dr.schultz well , I think while they take this opportunity to lick they wound , we should take this opportunity to get the fuck out of Tennessee . they hop out of the tree . montage dr.schultz in a big city , buy django a new saddle . django get he first initial " D " etched into it . the man go to different store to purchase django 's wardrobe . the outfit buy , be select by django , with suggestion offer by schultz . when he 's do , django look damn handsome in he new dud . Brown cowboy boot , Green corduroy jacket , smokey grey shirt , Tan skin tight pant , and Light Brown cowboy hat . he look a. bit like elvis in " flaming Star " and a Little Joe cartwright on " Bonanza " . however , tellingly , he keep Ace speck 's Winter coat as he winter coat . ext - country meadow - pretty day django , sit on he new saddle , in he new dud , ride alongside the good doctor schultz . the german carry a picnic basket . dr.schultz but I be serious son , greenville be just too dangerous for you to go fuck around there . you be a freed , slave , you should be in New York . you should not be in greenville , you should not even be forty mile on any side of greenville . , you should not be anywhere in Mississippi . django she 's my wife , it 's my job to look after she . if greenville 's where I gotta go to find out where she go , then I gotta go . now you be sayin ' where I gotta go first ? dr.schultz there ' should be some sort of record office . you know when she be sell , you know where she come from , the carrucan Plantation , and you know she name ... . what be she name ? django broomhilda . schultz react . dr.schultz broomhilda ? django.nod he head yes . dr.schultz be she owner german ? now django react , " how do he know that ? django yeah , how do you know ? she be not bear on the carrucan Plantation . she be raise by a german mistress , the von shaft . she can speak a little german too . dr.schultz you wife ? django yeah , when she be little she mistress teach she so she would have somebody to talk german with . dr.schultz so let I get this straight , you slave wife speak german , and she name be broomhilda von shaft ...? django yep. mouthful , huh ? dr.schultz to say the least . ( stop the horse ) this look like a very pretty place to have we picnic . what would ya say , here ? time CUT ext - picnic in country meadow - pretty day the two man sit on a blanket with a nice picnic spread spread out . django eat a cucumber sandwich with the crust cut off , and drink a cup of tea . django how do you know broomhilda 's first master be german ? dr.schultz broomhilda be a german name . if they name she , it stand to reason they would be german . django lotsa gal where you from name broomhilda ? dr.schultz no , not so much . broomhilda be the name of a character in one of the most popular of all the german legend . django really ? there 's a story ' bout broomhilda ? dr.schultz yes there be . django do you know it ? dr.schultz every german know that story . would you like I to tell you ? django nod he head , yes . dr.schultz well broomhilda be a princess . she be the daughter of wotan , the god of all god . anyway , she father be really mad at she . django what she do .? dr.schultz I do not exactly remember . I think she disobey he in some way . so at first he 's just go to obliterate she - django obliterate ... . what do that mean ? dr.schultz like blow up . he pantomime a explosion . django phew , that 's pretty mad . dr.schultz yes it be , and like most father , give a little time , he calm down a bit . he 's still mad at she . he still want to punish she . just not ... . blow she up . so instead what he do , be he put she high on top of a mountain . django broomhilda 's on a mountain ? dr.schultz it 's a german legend , there 's always go to be a mountain in there somewhere . so , he put she on top of the mountain and he put a fire breathe dragon there to guard the mountain . and. then he surround she in circle of hellfire . and there broomhilda shall remain , unless a hero arise brave enough to save she . django do a fella arise ? from now on as dr.schultz talk , he 's beginning to realize something he be not aware of when the conversation start . dr.schultz yes django , as a matter he do . a fella name , sigfry . django do sigfry save she ? dr.schultz yes he do , and quite spectacularly , so . now true , he be assist in he triumph by a truly , truly , remarkable sword , still , have say that , sigfry triumph over all of he obstacle not just due to he sword , but due to he courage . he scale the mountain , because he 's not afraid of it . he defeat the dragon , because he 's not afraid .of he . dr.schultz ( con 't ) he walk through hellfire because broomhilda 's worth . it . after that last line of dialogue ... . the two man just let a moment pass as they nibble on they sandwich . django I know how he feel . dr.schultz I think I be just start to realize that . he pour django and himself some more tea out of a fancy tea pot , as he think about what he 's go to say next . dr.schultz look django , I do not doubt one day you will save you lady love . but I be afraid I can not let you go to greenville in a good conscious . let I ask you a question , how do you like the bounty hunt business ? django kill white folk , and they pay ya ? what 's not to like ? dr.schultz I hafta admit , we make a good team . django but i'thought you be mad at I for killin' Big John and rodger ? dr.schultz yes , on that occasion , you be a tad overzealous . but normally , that 's a good thing . how would you like to partner up for the winter ? django what would ya mean partner up ? dr.schultz you be my deputy , for real this time . a lot of the big money be in outlaw gang . some of this fella be worth fifteen hundred or three thousand a piece . with one man , anything over three man be a risk . but with a partner ? creating cross fire ? it 's fish in a. barrel . a lot of this gang hold up in the 'hill for the winter . django you makin ' another agreement ? w7 dr.schultz yes . you work with I through the winter , till the snow melt . I give you a third of my bounty . and while we be together , I will teach you a few thing you be go to need to know . django can you teach I how to make tony do that head bow thing that fritz can do ? dr.schultz that among other thing . we make some money this winter , when the snow melt , I will take you to greenville myself , and we will find where they send you wife . I be pretty good at find people . be it a deal ? no white man have ever do anything for django , just to he . so understandably , he 's a little suspicious . django why you care what happen to I ? why you care if I find my wife ? dr.schultz well frankly , I have never give anybody they freedom before . and now that I have , I feel vaguely responsible for you . you be just not ready to go off on you own , it 's that simple . you be too green , you will get hurt . plus when a german meet a real life sigfry , . it 's kind of a big deal . as a german , I be oblige to help you on you quest to rescue you beloved broomhilda . django accept that response . what follow be a montage cover the five month that django and schultz partner up as bounty hunter . schultz wear he normal ensemble . django wear he cool look Green jacket , unless it 's really cold , which a lot of this montage be . then he still wear Ace speck raw hide winter coat over he cool clothes . we see a scene to be improvise ( more or less ) , where dr.schultz teach django how to draw and shoot the pistol in the holster at he hip . by the end of the scene , after trial and error , we see django 's go to be good at this . ext - hillside - sunny day we see django and dr.schultz walk up a hill . tony and fritz have be leave tie up downhill . django lead a extra body horse ( name poncho ) behind he . dr.schultz carry he scope sight rifle in 'a long case . they get to the top of the hill . it overlook a small farmhouse . y , 8 down below we see a little man struggle behind a plow , and he fifteen year old son help he by lead the horse forward . on top of they perch on the hill top , dr.schultz say ; dr.schultz keep down or he will see you . django who that farmer ? who care ? dr.schultz well since we come here to kill them , he just might . django what ? the little man pushin ' that plow ? dr.schultz that little man push that plow , be smitty bacall . django smitty bacall be a farmer ? dr.schultz no. smitty bacall be a stagecoach robber who 's hide out as a farmer , because there 's a seven thousand dollar bounty on he head . he hand django the scope rifle case . dr.schultz and he 's all yours my boy . django lay on he belly , with the scope sight up to he eye . scope sight Pov : on the Farmer struggle behind he plow , work hard with he horse and he son . django 's finger on the trigger ... . but he hesitates . dr.schultz oh what happened.to mister I wanna kill white folk for money ? django his son 's with he . dr.schultz good . he will have a love one with he . maybe even share a last word . that 's better then most get , and a damn . sight better then he deserve . 1Ï¿½9 django still hesitates . dr.schultz put down the rifle . do not worry , I be not mad at you . take out smitty bacall 's handbill . django remove the fold up handbill from the pocket of he tan pants . dr.schultz read it aloud . consider it today 's lesson . django ( reading ) " want , dead or alive . smitty bacall and the smitty bacall gang . for murder and stagecoach robbery . Seven thousand dollar for smitty bacall . one thousand and five hundred dollar for each of he gang member . known member of the smitty bacall gang be as follow , dandy michael , gerald nash , and crazy craig koons . " dr.schultz well do . bravo . that be who smitty bacall be . if smitty bacall want to start a farm at twenty - two , they would never of print that . ( referring to the handbill ) but smitty bacall want to rob stagecoach , and he do not mind kill people to do it . you want to save you wife by do what I do ? this be what I do . I kill people , and sell they corpse for cash . his corpse be worth seven thousand dollar . now quit you pussyfootin and shoot he . django shoot . the Little man down below behind the plow fall down . the Young Boy do not know what happen at first . then he figure 'out he father be just shot . he go to he in the dirt . dr.schultz you need to keep that smitty bacall handbill . django why ? dr.schultz it 's good luck . you always keep the handbill of you first bounty . they begin walk down the hill , to collect smitty bacall 's body , lead the extra body horse behind they . 50 as they walk down hill , they watch the little scene of smitty bacall 's Son cradling he die father . in he arm , the older man speak he last word to he son before he die . dr.schultz see , they be have a tender little father son moment now . no doubt the most heartfelt one they have ever have . ext - snowy forest - night it 's now full on snowy winter in the hill . django practice he quick draw against a snowman he 's build . he stick a bottle in it , so the bottom of the bottle be where the snowman 's heart would be . he draw ... shoot the bottle heart ! he draw ... shoot the leave coal eye . he draw ... shoot the right coal eye . he draw ... shoot the carrot nose . dr.schultz come up behind he . dr.schultz I think it 's safe to say you be faster then the snowman . ext - snowy forest - different night a outlaw gang know as the wilson - lowe gang ( five guy ) ride through a snowy forest at night . when all five man and they horse , be shot from above . django and schultz up in a tree , firing down on they . ext - winter mountain town MAIN STREET - night the flake continue to fall hard as dr.schultz and django ride down the main street of town , pull poor poncho who 's fully load down with five corpse . 571 the local sheriff , don gus , watch the two man ride up , he know they . sheriff gus Doctor and django , how the hell be ya , and who the hell ya get there ? dr.schultz the Wilson - lowe gang . sheriff gus who the hell 's the Wilson - lowe gang ? dr.schultz remove a handbill from he inside jacket pocket , and hand it down to the friendly peace officer . dr.schultz bad Chuck Wilson , and meaner Bobby lowe . and three of they acolyte . sheriff gus just leave them out here , they be not go nowhere . and if 'in they do , god must love them , so who be we to say . come outta the snowy snow and git yourself some coffee . tnt - sheriff gus' office - night the snow encrust bounty hunter come inside the lawman office . they exchange pleasantry about the weather as the sheriff pour they coffee . after the two frosty gentleman have drunk some of the hot liquid , they get down to business . as schultz and Gus discuss the bounty , django read the handbills aloud from off the wall . on the third one he read , warren vander , and a two thousand dollar bounty , " that one " , schultz say . django rip it off the wall . as the winter have progress , we see they have become a genuine bounty hunt team . and django , a genuine bounty hunter . ext - pretty meadow - day the snow have melt , and it 's spring . and inside of this meadow django practice he fast draw against five man ... .by schultz throw five coin in the air ... django draw fast shoot three coin , fire again hit another , then fall to the ground to get the fifth . he look up from the ground at schultz . 5l as schultz collect the coin off the ground , he say ; dr.schultz you be pretty confident be not you ? django nod he head , yes . dr.schultz you have reason to be . he hold out he fist , open he hand , the coin lay in he palm . all the coin have bullet hole dead in they center . he drop they on top of django . django still think I be too green for greenville ? dr.schultz remove a pipe , stick it in he mouth and say ; dr.schultz oh you be ready for greenville . he light a match , then light the pipe , puffing as he say ; dr.schultz greenville ready for you , that I be not so sure . he blow out the match ... we go to black what we also see in the above montage be django shake off a lifetime of slavery . django , in he green jacket , in he cowboy hat , on top of he steed tony , with he gun hang from he hip , have become he own man . he 's not a slave anymore . he 's a bounty hunter . black title card across the screen one letter at a time style ( ala " Rocky " and " flashdance " ) MISSISSIPPI CUT to ext - the town of greenville MISSISSIPPI - day the whole Main Street of greenville be thick with five inch of shit brown mud that all the horse hoof , and wagon wheel , and slave foot have to wade through to get from one end of the town to the other . 53 we see django and dr.schultz enter the town , and slosh they horse in the mud , , down the main street of greenville Mississippi . the buy and sell of slave be what the whole town be build around . black men , women , and child in bondage be everywhere you look . line of chained slave be march one way or the other , move through the muddy street of greenville . white men on horse move they along . buckboard fill with domestic slave ( house niggers ) , and pretty ponys , drive by white men roll through the street . a young white boy ( 14 year old ) , a shepherd , lead a bunch of slave child through town . a shepherd dog , help he out by moving the kide along . impromptu slave auction take place on almost every block . a subtitle appear on the bottom of the screen : greenville chickasaw county , MISSISSIPPI dr.schultz take in this African flesh market , where human being sell other human being , with disgust and a little bit of shock . django be neither disgust or . shocked , he know first hand how greenville operate . as he ride tony through town in he snappy dud , he look 'at the black men half dress : in chain . he remembers himself with he six other companion from earlier , be walk through the mud of Main Street by the speck Brothers . on that day he might as well of be a steer . today , with a gun on he hip , money in he pocket , in he snappy outfit , astride he steed tony , he feel so different from this wretch half naked bastard it give he a bit of a chill . django see the town railroad depot , and across from it a huge slave pen , like a steer corral . at the moment there 's no train in the depot . we flash on the train , at a earlier time , pull into the depot . inside one of the boxcar amidst a boxcar full of shirtless black male , django watch the train pull into the station , from inside the wooden slate of the boxcar .: a hatch in the roof of the boxcar be noisily yanked OPEN , and two white slave trader ( russ and judd ) , peer down at they human cargo . judd good god almighty this nigger stink ! I F russ niggers stink , where 's the shock ? ( to the slave below ) okay you buck , listen up , and listen well , I be only gonna say this once . there 's a slave corral right across from this boxcar . we gittin ready to open this door . when we do , y'all run as fast as you can , right into that pen . ' anyone gittin off trail , gonna get hurt and hurt bad . now you nigger better comprehend . and that go for any African garboon amongst y'all can not understand english ... . you american buddy better shove you ass in the right direction , or you trip to this country be go to be short , and pointless . train to pen as fast as you can ! the boxcar door be sly open , and a hundre and fifty black male run full out from the train to the steer corral . we spot django during the run . once inside the corral , the gate be close . cowboys with rifle act as prison guard . inside the corral through the wooden post , in the distance , django watch they open up the boxcar hold the female . they do they run to they pen out of view . django catch a quick glimpse of broomhild . a run with the other lady , then she 's go from view . back to django ( present ) django and dr.schultz on top of they horse , take in the sight of greenville . dr.schultz it 's a spectacle out of Dante . django you should see it from the other side . dr.schultz frankly , I do not know if I could endure this . django you would be surprised what you can endure . ( beat ) where to ? 675 dr.schultz record office . CUT to int - record office - day dr.schultz and django walk into a record office , line with book . we watch through the store front window , the black man and white man enter , and dr.schultz present he business card to a dickensian look record office worker . as schultz start he spellbind with word routine ... . the camera fade to black . black title card : broomhilda int - slave pen - day the same shot we see before of django fight he way to the bar of the slave pen , to get a better last look of broomhilda . broomhilda , as before be walk by in the distance . then , as before django lose sight of she . ext - MAIN STREET - greenville - day we follow in front of broomhilda be lead out of the slave pen by two white male slaver . her bare foot slosh in the Main Street mud , and the leg iron scrap she ankle . up until now everything you have ever see of broomhilda , have only be in django 's spaghetti western flashbacks . in other word , from he perspective , and memory . this be the , only time the story will shift to broomhilda 's perspective . the strong but frighten girl be lead out on to the hustle and bustle , and wagon wheel and horse hoof of Main Street . broomhilda be not take into that three story auction arena that django be sell in at the beginning . instead she 's just lift up on a park buckboard wagon . her seller ( clyde ) start he pitch on the twelve or so buyer that watch this puny make shift auction . broomhilda look down into the crowd of twelve ugly white man , and hold she breath which one will buy she . among the ugly white man we see mr.harmony ( mike ) , not quite as ugly as the rest . a older well dress , classy gentleman . next to he be he twenty four year old overweight awkward son scotty harmony . scotty in the audience , and broomhilda on the wagon , there eye meet , he nudge he dad . the seller make she expose she breast to the small crowd . then she back , revealing she whip mark . then point out the runaway " be " brand in she cheek . some of the crowd , include scotty , react with repulsion at the sight of the whip mark . the seller assure the crowd , that nigger do not feel pain like white folk , and it only make the woman more gentle . seller - clyde fella , you be not feel gentle , till you feel nigger gal gentle . ugly man make a bid . broomhilda yike . uglier man higher bid . broomhilda react . uglier by far guy make leap frog big bid . broomhilda react . big greasy fat guy make a bid . big fat greasy beaver pelt cover trapper make a bid . a giggling leering group of brother make a bid . a seventy five year old indian on a mule make a bid . mr.harmony make a bid for he son scotty . broomhilda notice that . and make more eye contact with scotty . they look at each other as mr.harmony continue to bid . a literary narrator come on the soundtrack . narrator ( vo ) on that day , eight month ago , the auction be win by Mike harmony , as a birthday present for he fat boy son scotty . mr.harmony congratulate he son . from on top of the buckboard broomhilda look down at she new owner . later they leave for the harmony house . scotty lift broomhilda up into the back of the buckboard . he hand she a little white bag . scotty this be for you . she open the bag , candy of many color sit in it . scotty they be jelly bean . try one . she select a yellow one and put it in she mouth . scotty good huh ? she nod she head , yes . we see he drive the buckboard out of greenville with broomhilda in the back eat she bag of jelly bean . $ xt - country road - day the buckboard make its way down a country road . broomhilda in the back , and scotty drive the wagon . scotty buy she , but he 's too scared to talk to she . broomhilda 's muddy bare foot dangle off the wagon . she 's beginning to realize the young master be the shy type . broomhilda master scotty ... ? scotty yes broomhilda ? broomhilda I be lonely back here . can I come on up with you on that seat so we can talk ? scotty please , I would love that . she climb into the driver 's seat . in more way then one . ' 8 ext - the harmony house - day a nice two story southern house . very nice , but hardly a plantation . the household 's four domestic slave . broomhilda will be the fifth . the buckboard pull up to the front of the house . scotty 's mother , mrs.harmony ( mary louise ) , wait to meet she son , and he new buy nigger gal . the older lady look the black girl up and down and say to she ; mrs.harmony what 's you name , gal ? broomhilda broomhilda . mrs.harmony follow I . into the kitchen , ( 'to she son ) you stay out here . int - kitchen - day Mrs. harmony bring broomhilda in she kitchen . the two domestic slave that be in , there be chase out by the boss lady . Mrs. harmony grab broomhilda by the wrist , and tell she ; mrs.harmony I want to have a word with you , wench . you meet my boy scotty . you can tell be not no white girl gonna fool with he . and if they do fool with he , they fool with he for the wrong reason . Boy 's twenty four , he still be not a man yet . that 's why you be here . be nice to he . he 's a very sweet boy . play he right , he will eat bird seed out of you palm . play them wrong , you will deal with I . broomhilda I like scotty . he 's just shy be all . all he need be a little confidence . mrs.harmony and you will give that to he ? broomhilda I will do my best , mam . scotty 's a real sweet boy . mrs.harmony he be , be not he ? broomhilda ah-huh . the mother let go of the young lady 's wrist . 19 narrator ( vo ) basically the harmony 's buy a slave bride for young master scotty that day . and the two kid have a nice time play house for awhile . we see scotty and broomhilda catch butterfly in butterfly net in the daytime .. at night they catch lightning bug together . at night in scotty 's bed , while the young man lay fast asleep , broomhilda look at she jelly jar of glowing lightning bug . narrator ( vo ) as scotty 's sort of defacto sweetheart , if no visitor be about , broomhilda would even join the family at they dinner table . we see they at dinner eat fry chicken and mashed potato and gravy . narrator .( vo ) and pretty soon she be adopt into a member of the family . Mrs. harmony and broomhilda sewing together . the harmony family and broomhilda play croquet in the front yard . after dinner , Mrs. harmony entertaining the family by play the piano . mr.harmony read the woman and he son a story from a storybook . narrator ( vo ) scotty be never happier . scotty and broomhilda walk hold hand at Southern magic hour . broomhilda have sex with scotty , baby talk with he , talk he through it , make he feel love and secure . narrator ( vo ) after three month of this bliss , scotty decide to take broomhilda for a romantic weekend in greenville . scotty and broomhilda drive through the Main Street of greenville , dress to the nine , in a fancy carriage . broomhilda dress in a beautiful white lace dress , complete with white lace glove , fancy lady hat , and white parasol . scotty , very proud of he pretty pony , be dress in a fashion best describe as plantation pimp daddy . 6o narrator ( vo ) White master would take they pretty ponys to greenville for a treat or romantic excursion , for two reason - one , see how bad the other slave have it , always make the paper ponys appreciate they privilege position , ( just in case they would forget ) . broomhilda hold she parasol , look like a black Daisy Miller , watch the other slave march by in the mud . they watch she too . int - HOTEL lobby - night broomhilda and scotty , and they luggage , move into the fancy hotel lobby , and rent a room at the front desk . insert : HOTEL registry scotty sign he name . the desk clerk hand check the box on the registry book that indicate darkee female companion . int -. greenville - night greenville at night be a little different . at night , rich white master show off they ponys ( like scotty ) , rule the street . narrator ( vo ) and two , there be a sliver of society that run through greenville at night that cater to white master who be infect with a condition that be normally refer to as , " nigger love . " at night the street , the bar , bistros , and buggy ride be rule by rich white master show off they pretty pony 's . ext - cleopatra club - night a establish shot.of the three story house that have be convert into private club call , the cleopatra Club . narrator ( vo ) but the crown jewel of all this interracial frivolity , be the member only , cleopatra Club . insert : gold plaque with the name , the cleopatra club on it , next to it be a profile of nefertiti . 6 ! int - the cleopatra club - restaurant - night the interracial joint be jump ( as long as by interracial you mean white man and black woman ) . scotty and broomhilda be enjoy a fancy dinner in the club dining room . we see across the dining room , the powerful white man , calvin candie , sit with some White Men and some Black ponys , eyeing broomhilda . scotty I gotta tell you broomhilda - I do not care if I go to . hell for this - I love you . and if loving you mean I go to hell ... . well then hello mr.devil . that be actually kind of funny . broomhilda be right , all he need be a little confidence . she put she hand on he . narrator ( vo ) then ... speak of the devil and the devil appear . calvin candie appear at they table . calvin candie hello , my name be calvin candie , I own the cleopatra Club . and I would just like to welcome a attractive couple ' like yourselves to my favorite place on earth . scotty stand up and shake hand with calvin . scotty thank you so much , it 's a great honor . we love it here . point at a empty chair . calvin candie May I join you ?- scotty please , by all mean . calvin sit down . broomhilda get a sinister chill from this smile jack . scotty , as per usual , be clueless . calvin candie how long have you be a member ? scotty we just join this weekend . calvin candie well we little private oasis appreciate you patronage . some may consider the due excessive , but they be necessary for we to create this haven for the alternative lifestyle we have all become accustom to . scotty well say , and money well spend . he squeeze broomhilda 's hand . candie see this . calvin candie it would be.my pleasure , you first weekend at the club , to join I and my friend at my table . broomhilda know this be a man to be avoid . but scotty be sweep away be court by somebody like calvin candie . she try to imply they should stay where they be . he brushes she off with a , " do not be silly . " we see calvin introduce he table of friend to the couple , and they join the party . calvin candie have he arm around a foxy pony name sheba , whose dress be a little more revealing then the other . they drink and talk , and the White Men have a force good time . but calvin candie can not hide he sinister side from broomhilda , and it keep she uncomfortable , until she excuse herself from the table to go to bed . scotty 's have such a good time with he fancy friend he opt to stay behind . ' broomhilda leave in a bit of a huff , due to scotty 's disobedience . if this fancy . fuck white man be not around make scotty feel so puffy chest , he would never dismiss she that way . we follow broomhilda out of the club , across the street , to the hotel . narrator ( vo ) after excuse herself , she walk across the street to she hotel room . she get she white dress dirty in the mud , but she do not care , the night be ruin anyway . some romantic weekend . wait till she get home and tell he mother how he ignore she . she will fix he fat ass . wait till he ask she to scratch he back next time . she 's gonna scrape every pimple . ' 3 ï¿½ -. back at the cleo club the now drunk scotty be play poker with calvin and he friend . narrator ( vo ) back at the cleopatra Club , as the night wear on , calvin candie suggest 'a friendly card game . as the game wear on , it come down to a two thousand dollar pot between calvin candie and scotty harmony . luckily for he , scotty be hold . a inside straight . calvin hold he card with sheba drape around he . she whisper something in he ear . candie ( to sheba ) really ? ( to scotty ) you know what sheba just tole I ? scotty , think about he great hand , say ; scotty what ? candie she say she think you be cute . scotty really ? thank you sheba , I think you be beautiful . sheba whisper something else in candie 's ear . candie sheba say she would like to give you a little lip . want some lip ? scotty , be a little surprised . scotty well , she 's you pony ... I mean ... candie oh hush , what 's a little nigger lip ' tween friend . go on honey , give them some sugar . sheba walk over to scotty 's side of the table , and give he a very lip intensive ' soul kiss . the table enjoy the show . then sheba go back to calvin 's side of the table . the game continue . G candie okay loverboy , I think you be try to out brazen I in my own club , and I will not have it . if you be really hold card , time to pony up . I raise you five hundred . candie throw in he chip . scotty . I see you five hundred ... ( throw in chip ) .and raise you four hundred more . ( toss he last chip ) call . this be where calvin candie have wait to be all night . calvin candie not so fast , boy . ( beat ) pot be not fat enough yet . scotty I be all in . calvin candie ai not that too bad . scotty do not intend to let this smile Jack cheat he out of he pot , especially with he hold a inside straight . scotty I would think a southern gentleman of such renown as yourself , would not have to resort to buy a pot in he own club . calvin write on a piece of paper , then throwsit ' in the pot . calvin candie one final raise . scotty take the piece of paper , " what 's this ? " calvin candie it 's sheba 's bill of sale . scotty what ? I do not want she . calvin.and the whole table laugh at that . calvin candie you sure do not look like you do not want she . more laughter . calvin candie in greenville slave be currency . and sheba 's worth about eight hundred dollar . I be throw sheba in the pot . Match or fold ? scotty I be all out of money . calvin candie but we be not playin ' for money no more .. we matchin ' nigger gal . and a nigger gal you get . scotty I can not bet broomhilda . calvin candie in chickasaw County , she 's money . pony she up or fold . somebody get he a piece of paper and a pencil . somebody do . calvin candie write out a bill of sale , or fold they card . scotty make a pressured decision . he hurriedly take the pencil and write out a Bill of sale for broomhilda . scotty let I see you card ! candie lay down he card , he have a flush . what scotty 's just do hit he like a ton of brick . scotty you cheat I . after scotty use the " C " word , everybody quiet down . calvin candie what do you just call I ? scotty I call you a card cheatin ' son of a bitch , cause that 's what you be ! calvin calmly stand up from the table . he remove a small derringer gun.from he pocket , and toss it on the table in front of scotty . then take out another one , and toss it on the table in front himself . 66 everybody in the cleo Club quiet down . calvin candie Scott harmony . for call I a card cheat in my own club , as a southern gentleman , I challenge you to a duel . ( to the piano player ) piano player , will you hit three separate note ? ( to scotty ) on the third note , pick up the gun and try to kill I . ( to piano player ) piano player please ... this be all go too fast for slow scotty . scotty wait a minute ...no ! first note ... scotty I be not dueling with you ! I do not want to duel ! calvin candie then get out of here , get in you buggy and get out of town . scotty sure . let I just get my girl . calvin candie you lose that girl , fat boy . second note ... scotty wait !... . look ... . mr.candie , I be sorry I call you a cheat . but ... please ... I can not give you broomhilda . calvin candie last chance fat boy , go home and get'useta to fuckin ' another one . ( beat ) or pick up that gun . scotty can not leave . he can not go home without she . he can not face he parent . he can not walk out on she . no matter what happen he can not leave . 6 7 third note ... calvin candie shoot scotty harmony dead . int - HOTEL lobby - night calvin candie and he entourage enter the hotel lobby and go up to the front desk clerk .. calvin candle hello Oliver . front desk clerk ( oliver ) hello mr.candie , good evening . calvin candle good evening to you as well , . young Oliver . could you please inform I which room you guest Scott harmony be stay in ? int - HOTEL room - night broomhilda be asleep in bed ... when ... . calvin come 'bursting in the room hold he belt in he hand . he yank off the sheet that broomhilda sleep under . broomhilda lie naked under the cover . candie bring the belt down around she leg and backside . she hop out of bed . int - HOTEL lobby - night candie chase she naked body with he belt , from the top of the stair , down the stair , and through the lobby , and out the front door . all to the amusement of the white HOTEL guest . ext - greenville HOTEL - night she run out of the hotel naked , and then trip falling into the greenville mud . she look up from the mud , at calvin candie look down at she . calvin candie welcome to candyland . we do a slow zoom into broomhilda 's face . narrator ( vo ) that be four month ago . CUT to int - greenville slave auction - day back inside the three story auction block dome room . the same room django be sell in at the beginning . ton of white buyer and seller and black slave to be buy or sell fill the big hall . one mandingo slave ( banjo ) stand half naked on the auction block . the seller ' ( shelby ) give the crowd , a sale pitch about banjo , and start the bid . many different ugly white men make bid on the big mandingo , include calvin candie . dr.schultz and django from a pair of opera glass / -. watch calvin candie from up above on the 2nd floor landing . from dr.schultz's perspective we see calvin candie , and he black slave . bodyguard , bartholomew , always dress in a slightly ill fitting three piece suit and bowler hat , among the crowd of buyer at the auction block below . candie 's lawyer leonide moguy join he . dr.schultz his name be calvin candle , and he be the owner of candyland . django candyland ? the mandingo fightin ' place ? dr.schultz oh , so you hear of it ? django ai not no slave be not hear of candyland . dr.schultz well apparently , that 's where you wife be , and apparently the repellent gentleman down there be the one who own she . ï¿½ï¿½` time CUT 6r the White man and Black man find a cubby hole to talk in the auction hall . dr.schultz how much do you know about mandingo fight ? django not so much ... a little ... master carrucan have a couple nigger he would fight . dr.schultz can you play a mandingo expert ? django what ? dr.schultz can you convincingly masquerade as someone who be a expert on mandingo fighter ? djangoâ¢ why ? dr.schultz because when a man have one of the four biggest cotton plantation in Dixie , but the only thing that seem to ring he chime be big sweaty black male , if we want to get he attention , we better be talk about big sweaty black male . so my character be that of a big money buyer from dusseldorf , here in greenville to buy my way into the mandingo fight game . and you character be the mandingo expert I hire to help I do it . django they call that " one - eyed charly . " dr.schultz . one - eyed charly ? django that 's what you call it when you buy a slave expert . if you wanna raise horse , but do not know nothin ' ' about horse , you buy yourself a one - eyed charly who know about horse . he teach ya . you wanna plant tobacco but do not know nothin ' about it , you buy yourself a one - eyed charly know about tobacco . Dr '. schultz why do they call it one - eyed charly ? 70 django you know , back on the plantation , my . job be not historian . dr.schultz testy . it 's a unusual name . that 's a perfectly legitimate question . so , can you convincingly play my mandingo one - eyed charly ? do not say , yes , if you can not . django you want I to play a black slaver ? there be not nothin lower then a black slaver . Black slaver be lower then head house nigger , and buddy , that 's pretty fuckin low . dr.schultz then play he that way ! give I you black slaver . django get that . dr.schultz can you do that ? django that , I can do . what 's next ? dr.schultz to get ourselves personally invite to candyland by calvin candie himself . CUT to ext - the cleopatra club - night dr.schultz and django stand across the street from the cleopatra Club . which look like aregular nice three story house , among other . nice house on a affluent residential block in greenville Mississippi . they open the tiny garden gate in front of the house , walk up the stoop step to the front door . they ring the doorbell . a pretty young black girl , dress in a french maid outfit open the door . french maid ( southern accent ) bonjour . dr.schultz ( amuse ) bonjour , mon petite femme noire . we be here to see calvin candie . 7 ) she 's be teach to smile and say : french maid enter . the two man walk into the entrance way of the house . a beautiful mulatto hostess greet the two man . hostess ( speak quite refined ) hello gentleman , I be cleo , can I help you ? dr.schultz hand cleo the guest card . dr.schultz yes I be dr.ke schultz , and this be my associate , django Freeman . upon hearing django be a free man she eye go to , he . dr.schultz we be here for a appointment with calvin candie and Leo moguy . cleo yes you gentleman be expect . please make yourself comfortable . I will inform monsieur candie you have arrive . ( refer to the french maid ) can Coco get either of you two gentleman a tasty refreshment ? dr.schultz not at the moment . cleo then Coco will entertain you while I inform monsieur candie . dr.schultz how charming . cleo leave . django wander over the dining room , and peer inside . int - dine room ( cleopatra club ) - night a lush fancy restaurant dining area inside of this house . the diner be make up exclusively of well dress white men , and pretty black girl ( ponys ) dress in the most elaborate lady fashion of the day . 72 some appear to be on date . some appear to be enjoy a special evening ( birthday , anniversary , special treat ) . - some be . two man with two woman . some be one man with two or three or more woman . the white men' age range from early twenty to old man . the girl age range from they twenty , to thirteen . the bill of fare be a combination of french cuisine , and hearty beef drive american dining . the dolled up , deck out ' ponys eat rich french cuisine complete with elaborate sauce , and take they knife to thick cut of steak . the young little girl , usually eat ice cream with hot fudge , banana split , and cookie . while - all the man drink whiskey or wine , the girl all drink sarsaparilla . dr.schultz quietly move next to django and ask ; dr.schultz have you ever see anything like this before ? django shake he head , no . coco chirp ; colo . - ( very country ) y'all gonna dine , it 's real good . you like catfish , we get good catfish . they use alotta butta . you like sand dab , we get sand dab . leo moguy descend from the club prominent staircase . moguy dr.schultz , good to see you again . dr.schultz mr.moguy , thank you for you assistance in create the opportunity for this appointment . mr.moguy nonsense , it 's my job . ( con 't ) 73 mr.moguy ( con 't ) ( looking at django ) . so this ' be the one - eyed charly I have hear so much about . dr.schultz yes , this be django .. django , this be mr.candie 's lawyer , leonide ' moguy . moguy just call I leo. calvin 's in the billiard room , follow I . y'all want Coco should come along too ? dr.schultz we would be quite lucky indeed if the charming Coco cared.to follow . Coco blushes . moguy you better watch out doctor , you gonna steal this little pony 's heart . they walk through the club to get to the billiard room , as they do they say ; dr.schultz how long have you be associate with mr.candie ? moguy calvin and I be about eleven when we go to board school together . one could almost say , I be raise to be calvin 's lawyer . django one could almost say , you a nigger . Coco can not believe what this snappy look cowboy nigger just say to mr.moguy . moguy what do you say ? dr.schultz oh nothing , he 's just be cheeky . anything else about mr.candie I should know before I meet he ? moguy yes , he 's a bit of a francophile . 7ef dr.schultz what civilized people be not ? moguy that 's why all the french ambiance . and he prefer monsieur candie to mister candie . dr.schultz say in french subtitled in english ; dr.schultz ( french ) what ever he prefer . this stop moguy , and he turn to warn schultz . moguy oh he do not speak french . do not speak french to he , it will embarrass he . they get to the two slide door that lead to the billiard room . moguy slide the door open ... the party enter the billiard room . int - billiard room ( cleopatra club ) - night Inside be calvin candie , he bodyguard bartholomew ( still dress in the ill fitting suit ) , and the lanky sexy sheba . also , at this moment , two mandingos be have a bloody and savage fight to death in this close room . a older european look man , who 's root for the mandingo that calvin 's not root for , be also in the room . his name be . amerigo vassepi . before any introduction can be make , with he back to the new arrival and he eye on the black man fight for they life , calvin say ; calvin candie why do you want to get in the mandingo business ? that 's quite abrupt and aggressive . dr.schultz say , as if he 's just be massively insulted ; dr.schultz you do not intend to allow you 2nd ... ( refer to moguy ) .to make the proper introduction ? without turn towards they , candie tell schultz ; 7s calvin candie quit stalling and answer the question . the room be quiet . dr.schultz the awful truth ? ( pause ) I be bored , and it seem like a good bit of fun . candie take that to heart . he will accept it for now . calvin candie well come on over , cause we gotta we a fight goin on that 's a good bit of fun dr.schultz step up to get a better look at the savage fight . the bigger mandingo be really hurt the smaller one . schultz have school django on the importance of never breaking character . ' well now the good doctor must practice what he preach . which mean not only must he watch . the two man beat each other to death , he must appear to convincingly enjoy it . calvin candie . the bigger nigger be mine . I just buy he today . what 's he name , moguy ? moguy Big Fred . calvin candie the other nigger belong to this disreputable italian gentleman to my right . amerigo vassepi . ( to amerigo ) what 's you nigger 's name ? amerigo luigi ... .? candie look over at django ; who do not walk over to watch the fight . instead he walk over to a bar set up in the room . a slave bartender name , roscoe tend it . calvin candie how ' bout you , boy ? you find nigger fightin' a good bit of fun ? django you see one nigger fight , ya see them all . calvin candie how would you two like to try the signature drink of the club ? 79 dr.schultz we would love to . calvin candie ( yell to the bartender ) roscoe , two polynesian Pearl diver , and do not spare the rum . roscoe make the drink in coconut shell glass . Big Fred kill luigi . candie and he friend cheer . calvin candie arrivederci luigi ! well , mr.vassepi , look like you owe I ten dollar . amerigo pay up the puny bet . django and schultz get the fancy coconut shell drink . they both take a sip . schultz hate it , django love it . candle turn he attention to django . calvin candie what 's you name , boy ? dr.schultz his name be django . calvin candie ( to schultz ) where would ya dig he up ? dr.schultz a fortuitous turn of event bring django and myself together . calvin candie ( to django ) I have hear tell about you . I hear you be a real bright boy . ( beat ) I be curious , what make you such a mandingo expert ? django I be curious , what make you so curious ? bartholomew put down he pool cue , and turn toward django ; bartholomew what you say , boy ? 77 / ï¿½. candie put a calming hand on bartholomew 's shoulder . calvin candie calm down bartholomew , gentle ... gentle . dr.schultz monsieur candie , I would appreciate it if you direct you line of inquiry to I . calvin candie Doc , I be a seasoned slaver , you be a neophyte . I be simply try to ascertain if this cowboy be take advantage of you . dr.schultz with all due respect , monsieur candie , I do not seek you out for you advice . I seek you out to purchase a fight nigger at above top dollar market price . I be 'under the impression when you grant I a audience , it would be to discuss business . calvin candie no we be not talk business yet . we be discuss my curiosity . now accord to moguy here , if I do business with you ... ( pointing to schultz ) , .i be doin ' business with both of y'all . ( pointing to django ) he do the eyeballin' , you the billfold ? dr.schultz well you do not make it sound too flatter , but more or less , yes . none of the white man in the room have any respect for a white man who need a nigger to tell he what time of day it be . candie turn he attention back to django . calvin candie ( to django ) so Bright Boy , . moguy here tell I you look over my African flesh , and be none too impressed . flash on we see . django look over three mandingos .. back to cleo club django not for top dollar . calvin candie well then we get nothing more to talk about . you wanna buy a beat ass nigger from I , that be the beat ass nigger I wanna sell . django he do not wanna buy the nigger you wanna sell . he want the nigger you do not wanna sell . calvin candie I do not sell the nigger I do not wanna sell . dr.schultz chime in thoughtfully ; - dr.schultz you will not sell you best . you will not even sell you second best . but you third best ... . you do not want to.sell he ... . but if I make you a offer so ridiculous you would be force to consider it ... . who know what could happen ? calvin candie what do you consider ridiculous ? dr.schultz . for a truly talented specimen , . " the right nigger " ..:? how much would you say , django ? django twelve thousand dollar . calvin candle take in the figure . calvin candie gentlemen , you have my curiosity . now you get my attention . time CUT tnt -- cleopatra club -- restaurant - night candle , moguy , django , schultz , bartholomew , sheba , and Coco eat dinner in the restaurant . all the man eat thick t- Bones . Coco eat catfish . and sheba use she finger to rip apart crawdad . 77 calvin candie how ya like that meat , Bright Boy ? django 's eye go to calvin , he nod he approval . calvin candie ( to coco ) how 's you catfish , dew drop ? coco Real good monsieur candie . calvin candie ( to schultz ) you spend a lot of time around nigger aside from Freeman here ? dr.schultz not so much . calvin candie well if 'in you do , . you would know what a treat this be for them . you feel special Coco ? coco yes. sir , monsieur candie . calvin candie you feel special bartholomew ? bartholomew yes sir , monsieur candie . he look to sheba , who 's lick she finger from the crawdad . calvin candie now sheba always feel special . dont'cha ? sheba yep . calvin candie how ' bout you Bright Boy , you feel special ? django ( meaning sheba ) not as special as she . the table break out in laughter . calvin candie well we be leave bright and early tomorrow morning , and move the . whole kit and caboodle to " candyland . " you oughta come with we . dr.schultz and django 's eye meet for a moment .. . so far ... so good . dr.schultz well , that be not on the agenda . but I suppose I could be amenable to that . how far must we trek ? calvin candie oh hardly a ride at all , we will still be in chickasaw County . five hour .. .top . there you can get a look at my best specimen . have dinner with my sister and i. spend the night at candyland as my guest . dr.schultz splendid . django and schultz trade look and small smile . we CUT ext - country side MISSISSIPPI - day it 's the next day and a whole procession be make they way to " candyland . " calvin candie , leonide moguy , dr.schultz , django , and three overseer ( billy crash , tommy gile , and hoot peter ) ride horse . bartholomew ( now dress in work clothes ) drive a buckboard fill with 'supplies . five mandingos ( Big Fred and banjo who we already meet , plus joshua , sidney jame , and tatum ) recently purchase at the greenville auction walk to they new home , with small bundle of they personal possession under they arm . they look like powerful warrior . three other shirtless mandingos ( rodney , chicken charly , chester ) who be the mandingos from candyland that do not sell at greenville be walk back to candyland , with they small bundle of personal possession under they arm . this poor devil 's know they fate be pretty dismal . either they will be sell to the lequint dickey mining company , or they will be put in some mandingo fight they can not win , like with samson , or stonesipher 's dog . J rodney walk along the road , look up at django riding he horse . all the slave hate django because they think he 's a black slaver . but the three head back to candyland be even more resentful . flash on django with schultz , earlier , inspect and rejecting this three . rodney give django a bad eyeball look up on he horse . django on tony see it . he 's play the role of a fucker black slaver , he can not let that shit stand . he yell down to the powerless man ; django gotta problem with you eyeball , boy ? rodney look away . rodney no sir . django you want a boot heel in it ? rodney no sir . django then keep ya damn eyeball off I ! flash that bad look at I again , I will give ya reason not to like I ! as this parade make progress , django keep he emotion in check , but not without difficulty . dr.schultz come riding fritz beside he . dr.schultz how do you like this side of the slave trade ? django not so much . dr.schultz prefer the other side ? django I do not say that . dr.schultz I have confirm broomhilda 's at candyland . django be you sure it 's she ? dr.schultz he do not call she by name , but she 's a young lady , whip mark on 'her back , and speak german . now while it 's not wise to assume , in this instance , I think it 's pretty safe . django do you offer to buy she ? dr.schultz I open the door to my possible interest . but naturally , sight unseen , I can only be so interested . suddenly ... calvin candie come riding up behind they ... calvin candle be I intrude ? dr.schultz of course not . calvin candie ( appraising the two men ) I swear you two be cozier then a couple of cuttle fish . dr.schultz you would be surprised what a good conversationalist django be . calvin candie oh by now , I do not think that would surprise meat all . candie give django a creepy smile . around now the audience may start notice dog barking in the distance . dr.schultz when do we reach you property ? 1?3 calvin candle you be on it . I own the whole sixty mile ' fore we get to candyland . candie get annoyed at the bark dog . calvin candie Excuse I a moment , gentleman . ( yelling behind he at billy ) billy crash , git up here ! billy crash , a hillbilly overseer who 's miss he two front tooth , ride up . billy crash yeah , boss ? calvin candie find out what that goddamn commotion be up at the tracker shack ! billy crash right away , boss . billy crash tear up ahead on he horse . calvin candie you know , confidentially , just ' tween we girl , worse thing about this business , be not the slave . it 's all the white trash ya gotta deal with . like this peckawood we get riding with we . this dumb , ignorant , sleazy sonsabitch be not good fer nuttin , except kickin ' a nigger ass can not kick back . yeah , they holdin ' the pretty part of the whip , but it 's just a thin membrane separate them . and do not think they do not know it either . it 's about the only thing this dumbass motherfucker do know . but ya need them . who the hell else ya gonna get to beat a nigger ass , other than somebody might as well be a nigger hisself . but this mountain boy I use as tracker for the runaway , they the worst . nothin but a buncha goddamn inbreed hillbilly . now like that nigger gal we be talkin ' ' bout . I be sure it . be a pain in the ass , but with a lot of patience , that german lady teach hildi how to speak german . django hear she name himself . his head do involuntary jerk , but he ï¿½ , emotion betray nothing . pte calvin candie ( con 't ) now this inbred hillbilly , on the other hand , they can barely speak English . I can not understand a damn word most of them say . you could teach a plow horse how to make a pot of coffee , ' fore you teach that fool how to use a knife and fork . I tell ya , if it be not for catchin ' a nigger on the run , they would be as useless as tit on a boar hog . billy crash come riding back . calvin candie what the hell 's goin on ? billy crash they get them a runaway . calvin candie who ? CUT to ext - tracker shack - day a bunkhouse for the four hillbilly tracker ( they track down runaway slave ) that live here about forty mile from the candyland Plantation . a little dog kennel , look like a chicken coup , sit next to the bunkhouse . the tracker be a hairy , bearded , burly , buck skinned wear , dirty long haire lot . they leader be mr., stonesipher , the other three be stew , lex , and jake . the four man could be brother , or cousin , or father and son , or just from the same hollow . lex hold two snarling german shepherd on a leash . stew one snarling german shepherd on a leash . and mr.stonesipher hold one snarling german shepherd on a leash , the lead dog , that go by the name of marsha . a runaway slave name , d'artagnan , lie belly down in the dirt , surround by the four vicious dog , who bark , growl , and SNAP at he . one look at d'artagnan tell you he 's a mandingo who 's be in one fight too many . one of he eye have be ' poke out . Big bite have be bit out of both he face and neck ( by past fight , human bite , not - the dog ) , as well as three finger have be bit off . not to mention he 's cover in cut , like he 's be drug through a briar patch . o v5 the fourth tracker , jake , do not engage in the melodrama . he hang in the background , cutting firewood with a big axe . calvin candie , dr.schultz , django , and the whole candie caravan look down on the runaway slave . include the five new mandingos , and the three old mandingos who know d'artagnan . calvin candie well I will be , d'artagnan . now boy , why do a fool thing like run off ? d'artagnan I can not fight no more , monsieur candie . calvin candie oh yes you can . you might not be able to win , but you ass can fight . - mr.stonesipher , shut this goddamn dog up , I can not hear myself think ! mr.stonesipher , yell to Marsha ; mr.stonesipher hush now ! Marsha ! Marsha , hush up ! Marsha , Marsha , hush up ! ( to the other tracker ) take this goddamn dog away from this nigger , he 's just makin ' they hungry . the other two yank the dog away from the fall Black man . calvin candie how long be he loose ? Mr. stonesipher spit tobacco juice . mr.stonesipher a.night . Day . half the other night . calvin candie how far he git off property ? mr.stonesipher Bout twenty mile off prop . pretty fer , consider that limp he get . calvin candie moguy , who be d'artagnan suppose to fight Friday ?. moguy ( point behind he ) one of this new lot . calvin candie well the way he look now a blind indian would not bet 'a bead on them . ( to d'artagnan ) Boy , you do make yourself as useless as a tail on a teddy bear . d'artagnan start begging . calvin candie now now , no beggin ' , no playin ' on my soft heart . you in trouble now , son . now you need to understand I be runnin ' a business . now I do pay five hundred dollar for you . and when I pay five hundred dollar , I expect to get five fight outta a nigga ' fore he roll over and play dead . you have fight three fight . d'artagnan I win every one . calvin candie well , yes you do . but that last one , you muddy the line between win and lose . calvin climb down off of he horse , and walk to the capture runaway on the ground . calvin candie but the fact remain , I pay five hundred dollar , I want five fight . so what about my five hundred dollar ? you gonna reimburse I ? the whites ( except for schultz ) laugh . this whole spectacle be make dr.schultz sick to he stomach . not django ... . he 's see this little drama play out many time before . the three return mandingos , rodney , Chicken charly , and Chester , watch they fellow doom servant pay the price for run away . the five new mandingos watch calvin candie 's treatment of d'artagnan to know what to expect from they new home . bartholomew on the buckboard look at the capture runaway like , poor bastard . calvin prod further . calvin candie you even know what reimburse mean ? E 17 the whites laugh . then suddenly ... . the german speak ; dr.schultz I will reimburse you . all eye turn to dr.schultz . include django 's , whose eye narrow at the doctor . calvin candie use the occasion to perform a slow dramatic turn in the direction of the good german . calvin candie you will ? removing he long brown leather billfold from he suit jacket pocket . dr.schultz yes . calvin candie you will pay five hundred dollar for a one eye ole ' Joe , be not fit to push a broom ? django 's voice cut through the Mississippi heat . django no he will not . all eye turn to django . django he 's just tired 'of you toyin ' with he be all . and for that matter , so be I . but we be not payin ' a penny for that pickaninny , we be not get no use for them . ai not that right , Doc ? dr.schultz realize he 's just do the one thing he 's always preach to django you can never do .. break character . the doctor put he billfold back in he suit coat pocket . dr.schultz ( to candie ) you hear them . the hillbilly tracker stare up at the black man on the horse in the green jacket , slack jaw . !` even the one chopping wood in the bg stop he chopping . calvin candie you will hafta excuse mr.stonesipher 's slack jaw gaze . he be not never see a nigger like you ever in he life .. ai not that right , Mr. stonesipher ? mr.. stonesipher. , spit . mr.stonesipher that 's right . calvin step up to django on he horse . look up at the black man , calvin challenge django to a stare contest . calvin candie well now since you will not pay a penny for this pickaninny , you will not mind I handlin ' this nigger however I see fit ? django he 's you nigger . calvin candie mr.ston.esipher ... .let Marsha and she bitch send d'artagnan to nigger heaven . mr.stonesipher Marsha ... git them ! the other tracker let loose of the leash hold the german shepherd back . the dog charge towards d'artagnan on he knee ... the mandingos all react to the sight of the dog be let loose . the dog attack d'artagnan ... as we hear the attack ... candie.stare contest with django ... django , who expect nothing less and have see worse , do not blink as the runaway slave be tear to bit by canine tooth ... the other mandingos be scared sick at what they see . the hillbilly tracker root the dog on . dr.schultz have never see a man tear apart by dog before , and he appear not to enjoy it . calvin , without blink , shift he eye toward dr.schultz , then back ï¿½ -. to django . p9 calvin candie you boss look a little green around the gill for a blood sport like nigger fightin' ? as d'artagnan 's scream and Marsha 's growls continue off screen . django naw , he just be not use to seein ' a man rip apart by dog , be all . calvin candie but you be use to it ? django well , he bein ' german a ' all , I be a little more use to american 's then he be . now monsieur candie , whenever you be ready , we ride five hour so you could show off you stock . let 's git to it . Cause as of now , if he 's a example , I ' be not impressed . calvin ... blink ... say nothing , monsieur candie turn he back to django , climb up on he horse , then look at the black man . calvin candie follow I . the whole caravan ride off as the dog continue to tear d'artagnan apart . ext - the ground of candyland - day the caravan start to approach candyland . calvin candie and he sister own the fourth biggest cotton plantation in the state of Mississippi . as the parade get closer we see field of cotton , and field of slave pick it . the audience might of be expect candyland to be a hell on earth , auschwitz , andersonville , yuma prison , a mexican prison in a sergio corbucci spaghetti western ... instead ... . candyland be very beautiful . the field of cotton , the way the tree hang green vine over everything . it 's full of nature and nature vibrant color , and a broiling hot sun to see it all in . one of the cottonpicker in the field , dobie , look up , and see django in he cool green corduroy jacket , badass cowboy hat , on top of tony . he tap the shoulder of another cotton picker ( orwell ) , and point out django . 90 all of a sudden all the bent over back in the field , straighten up to get a better look at the black riding a horse . django look back match they stare . ext - slave village - day the caravan roll through the shack / cabin village the slave live in . as the parade roll through all the slave snap to attention , and bow ( very formally ) as monsieur candie ride past . a king among he subject , a patron with he peons , a father amongst he child , a shepherd among he sheep . kide play in the dirt get up and run to calvin on he horse . candie call the kid by name , take out a bag of jelly bean , and begin toss they about . the kid scramble in the dirt for the bright color candy . this be calvin candie in he element , at he happiest . then ... . django ride by . the caravan move from the slave village to the White Village the overseer and they family live in on the plantation grounds . other then the switch of white face for black , it 's pretty much the same village . and they too see django ... . wow ! the caravan enter the road that lead to the front of the Plantation , or the Big House as everyone call it . to the leave of the Big House be big wooden arena build for he Friday night nigger fight . all the house slave ( the domestic slave that work for the candie family in the Big House ) , and white worker ( overseer and stray farm hand ) come out to greet the caravan . they all greet monsieur calvin candie , who naturally lead the procession , as if he 's Alexander the great return from the war . as the caravan come to a stop in front of the Big House , it create a huge dust cloud behind it . calvin 's widow sister lara lee candie - fitzwilly , a attractive ï¿½. fortyish , strawberry blonde southern belle , step out on the porch of the Big House to greet she brother . directly above lara Lee , on the third floor balcony over hang , out . step ... stephen eyeing calvin and the approach caravan . who 's stephen ? Stephen be a very old black man , who with he bald pate , and tuft of white curly hair on the side , look like a character out of dicken - if dicken write about House niggers in the antebellum South . - Stephen have be calvin 's slave since he be a little boy . and in ( almost ) every way be the 2nd most powerful person at candyland . like the character basil rathbone would play in swashbuckler , evil , scheme , intrigue man , always try to influence and manipulate power for they own self interest . well that describe Stephen to a tee . the basil rathbone of House niggers . the old man watch the caravan and the trail dust cloud approach . then ... out of the dust cloud ... emerge django and schultz ... . on tony and fritz . all the candylander see django , dress like he be , up on the horse , and for a moment do not know what to think . lara Lee , like she brother , be both surprised and intrigue . as Stephen peer down from he perch at the nigger in the green jacket , it 's hate at first sight . Stephen head downstairs , he walk with a , limp . all the caravan rider be still up on they horse . calvin see Stephen limping towards they , and greet he with a big how do you do ; calvin candie hello Stephen my boy ! stephen yeah yeah yeah , hello my ass - who 's this nigger up on that nag ? calvin candie oh Stephen , why so ornery , you miss I ? stephen yeah , I miss you like I miss . a rock in my shoe . like I say , who 's this nigger , up on that nag ? django's voice ( os ) hey snowball . : Stephen look up at django on tony . django if you wanna know who I be , or the name of my horse , you ask I . stephen just ' who the hell you callin' snowball , horse boy ? I will yank you ass of that goddamn , so goddamn fast - in the mud . calvin candie whoa , whoa , whoa , Stephen , let 's keep it funny . django 's a Freeman . Stephen jerk a thumb up towards django . stephen this nigger , here ? calvin candie that nigger there . let I at least introduce the two of . you . django , this be another cheeky black bugger like yourself , Stephen . Stephen , this be django . you two should hate each other . Stephen use ' the special privilege he and he alone enjoy amongst the black at candyland . stephen calvin , who the hell be this nigger you feel the need to entertain ? calvin candie django and he friend in grey , dr.schultz be customer , and they be we guest Stephen . and you - you old decrepit bastard ... .are to show they every hospitality . do you understand that ? stephen I do not know why I gotta - calvin candie you do not hafta know why , do you understand ? stephen yeah yeah yeah , I understand just fine . calvin candie good . they be spend the night . go up in the guest bedroom and get two ready . 93 stephen ( pointing at django ) he 's gonna stay in the Big House ? calvin candie Stephen , he 's a slaver . it 's different . stephen ( incredulous ) in the Big House ? calvin candie you gotta problem with that ? stephen I do not gotta problem , unless you gotta problem with burin ' the bed , the sheet , and the pillow case once this black ass motherfucker go ! calvin candie that 's my problem , they be mine to burn . you problem , right now , be make a good impression . and I want you to start solving that problem right now , and git they room ready . the Old man look up at he master , and say ; stephen yes sir , monsieur candie . Stephen limp away to the guest room , mutter to 'himself . lara Lee and she ever present shadow , a fat mammy name cora , come up to she brother on he horse . calvin candie dr.schultz , this attractive southern belle be my widow sister , may I present to you , lara Lee candie - fitzwilly . lara Lee do a southern lady bow . dr.schultz lift he bowler hat , and nod in a grand manner . dr.schultz I be dr.ke schultz , this be my 2 no django , ( django tip he hat ) and this be we horse , fritz and tony . both fritz and tony do the head bow . dr.schultz and it be we great delight to encounter this flame rise . lara lee well be not you the charming gentleman . you be not from around here , be you ? dr.schultz actually I be from a far off land , dusseldorf , to be exact . calvin candie this two be in the market for a fightin' nigger . so I think I would invite them down , show them my stock . lara lee we will all have dinner tonight , right ? calvin candie half the reason I invite they . I think you would find . they as intrigue as I do little sister . lara Lee look up at django , and smile . all of a sudden three white rider ride up on horse , a older one , and two tough look young one . the 'older one be the cap't of the overseer , ace woody , and he two assistant brown and jingle bell cody . while Ace be dress for work on a farm , both Brown and jingle bell cody be peacock who wear cool cowboy outfit . as calvin candie watch the three rider approach , he turn to dr.schultz and django , and say ; calvin candie you know since I start fightin ' nigger about eleven year ago , it 's be a new lease on 'life . and the man ridin ' up here now be the man responsible for all my success . Ace and he boy pull they horse up , kick up dust . through the dust Ace , Brown , and jingle bell cody eyeball django and schultz . calvin candie howdy Ace . ( to schultz and django ) this here be my overseer . can p't , and nigger fight trainer extraordinaire , Ace Woody . 915 point at the two shadow that flank Ace Woody . calvin candie and that 's Brown and that 's jingle bell cody . ( to ace ) Ace , this here be dr.ring schultz , and django Freeman , they be big customer with big pocket wanna buy a big nigger . so I bring them out here so you could give them a little display of we African flesh . Ace take off he hat , bow from he horse , welcoming they . ace woody welcome to candyland , gentleman . astride they horse Brown and jingle bell cody just make face at django . Ace 's attention go to the five new mandingos . just walk from greenville to here . ace woody this the new chicken ? calvin candie yes siree bob . ace woody how many you get ? ( he count ) one , two , three , four , five . calvin candie five real strong buck . ace woody how many you get rid of ? calvin candie we still get three leave . Ace look to see who come back from the auction . Leo moguy chime in ; moguy I already wire the lequint dickey people , they will be here tomorrow . Ace turn to Brown . ace woody get them away from the other . put them in the pen till tomorrow . Brown with he horse , yell , chase , and herd the three man away into the slave pen . Ace yell from he horse down to the five new mandingo arrival , Big Fred , banjo , sidney James , Tatum , .and joshua . ace woody y'all stand over there and make a line ! they do . Ace climb down from off he horse . cody stay in he saddle , circle the black man with he horse . everybody , include django and dr.schultz , watch the show . Ace ' Woody walk up and down the line look at the new man . candie , sit comfortably up on he horse , say ; calvin candie what do you think ? ace woody I think you lookin ' for nigger to push a plow , ' dem you boy . candie roll he eye . calvin candie what 's wrong with they ? ace woody hold it ... hold it , you do buy be they , let I look at them . unimpress Ace Woody continue to examine they . ace woody okay , how ' bout that one , do you buy that one ? calvin candie which one ? ace woody what you mean , which one ? the one I be point at , that one . 77 calvin candie actually , that one be purchase by we mister moguy . ace woody ( to moguy ) you buy he ? moguy yes I do . ace woody why ? moguy I like he prospect . ace woody his prospect ? now you know mr.. moguy , I be not a educate fella like yourself . remind I again what prospect mean ? moguy hope for the future . jerk a thumb towards the slave in question . ace woody you get hope for he future ? moguy I do . ace woody well I do not . Ace walk over to the slave in question . ace woody what 's you name , boy ? the mandingo say ; sidney jame sidney James , sir . ace woody so long sidney James . Ace take the peacemaker out of the holster on he hip , and shoot sidney James point blank in the belly . everybody react . especially the four other mandingos stand next to he . sidney James roll in the dirt , scream and hold he bleed gut . till cody put a bullet in he head , put he out of he misery . moguy , shake he head , " typical , " he think . django and schultz , on they horse next . to candid , watch . Ace look up at he boss . ace woody boss candie , which one do you buy ? calvin candie well to I the pick of the litter be Big Fred over there . ace woody ( pointing at fred ) this one over here ? calvin candie yes . ace woody ( to fred ) you Fred ? a very scared Fred answer . big fred yes , sir . ace woody well good to meet ' cha Fred , I be ' Ace Woody , I be a man of influence ' round here . now Fred be I mistaken , or be you already in a kurfuffle ? calvin candie I have them fight one of amerigo 's nigger last night . ' ace woody how be of amerigo ? calvin candie his nigger lose . 99 ace woody ( to fred ) really ? you win ? big fred yes , sir . ace woody wup'ed he ass ? calvin candie beat them to death . smiling impressively at Big Fred . ace woody ( to fred ) really ? calvin candie he do have fifteen pound on them , but still , he still beat he ass to death . ace woody ( to fred ) you do ? big fred ) yes , sir . ace woody good job , boy . get any more win in ya ? big fred yes , sir . Ace give cody a slight head nod , and cody shoot Big Fred in the back . candie act out mock frustration . the remain three mandingos jump a mile . calvin candie now why do you do that ? ace woody he win he last fight last night . Ace put he eye on the three remain mandingos 1 00 ace woody ( to mandingos ) that of you with exceptional ability will find it be not so bad here . that of you who do not possess exceptional ability , will wish you do . Ace look up to cody on he horse . ace woody run them over to the Arena . git them doin push up . first one give out , shoot them in the head . ( to mandingos ) welcome to candyland , boy ! cody run the terrify mandingos to the arena . candie lean over to schultz and say ; calvin candle we only get about two out of every batch of five fighter we buy . but that two tend to be lucky . Ace Woody hop back up on he horse . calvin candie you know mr.woody , I be beginning to think that you do not trust my judgement ? Ace Woody just smile at he boss , and say ; ace woody oh you know I always trust you judgement , boss candie ... eventually . he ride off . Stephen limp back to the action . calvin candie ahhh , Stephen my boy , room ready ? stephen all ready for you guest and he nigger . candie 'shake he head in mock frustration . calvin candie Stephen , you be incorrigible . ( to schultz and django ) gentlemen , let Stephen show you to you room . /o + calvin candle ( con 't ) there you can lie down and rest up for a couple of hour . then we will have some lemonade , and I will show off some of my finer specimen . dr.schultz splendid . both dr.schultz and django climb down from they horse . candie look to a black little stable boy of about eight name timmy . calvin candie timmy boy , go take they horse for them . fix them up at the stable , give them a load of oat . django hand the boy the reign . django that 's fritz , this be tony . you take good care of them now . timmy yes , sir . django take a apple out of he saddle bag , and hand it to the boy . django once he 's in the stable , give them that . he reach back in the saddle and pull out another one . django give that one to fritz . timmy lead the horse away . the two visitor start to follow Stephen to they room , when dr.schultz pretend to remember something ; dr.schultz oh , monsieur candie , about that matter about the nigger girl we be talk about ? calvin candie nigger girl ? dr.schultz I believe you say she speak german ? calvin candie oh yes , hildi , what about she ? , oz . dr.schultz do you think before the demonstration you could send she around to my room ? calvin candie I do not see why not . ( to stephen ) Stephen , when you get through show they to they room , go fetch hildi . I want she clean up and smellin ' nice , and send over to dr.schultz 's room . Stephen have to be the bearer of bad news . stephen actually ... . monsieur candie ... . there 's something ' we be not tole you yet . calvin candie what ? stephen hildi 's in the hot box . this get django 's , schultz 's , and candie 's attention . calvin candie what 's she doin ' there ? stephen what ' cha think she doin ' in the hot box , she bein punish . calvin candie what she do ? stephen she run away again . calvin candie Jesus Christ , how many people run away when I be go ? stephen two . calvin candie when do she go ? stephen last night . they bring she back this morning . calvin candle how bad do stonesipher 's dog tear she up ? django 's hand fall to the butt of he smoke wagon . if they sick that dog on he angel , he 's go to just kill all this motherfucker right now . stephen lucky for she they be busy lookin ' for d'artagnan 's ass . Brown and cody go out lookin ' for she and find she . she a little beat up , but she do that to herself . runnin ' through they damn bush . django 's hand move away from he gun . calvin candie how long she be in the box ? stephen what ' cha think , all goddamn day ! Little fool get ten more day to go . calvin candle take she out . stephen ( incredulous ) take she out ? why ! calvin candle because I say so , that 's why . hildi be my nigger . dr.schultz be my guest . Southern hospitality dictate I make she available to he . stephen but monsieur candie , she just run away ? calvin candle Jesus Christ Stephen , what 's the point of havin ' a nigger speak german if - you can not wheel them out when you have a german guest ? I realize it 's inconvenient . still , take she out . ( to cora and lara lee ) lara Lee would you and cora be responsible for get she clean up and presentable for dr.schultz ? the overseer , ' Tommy gile and Hoot Peters go to the hot. box . while billy crash go to the well to draw a bucket of water . django watch they walk to the hot box . dr.schultz 's eye shift to django , to watch he watch this . Stephen notice django 's interest in both the hot box and whoever 's sizzling in it . the hot BOX itself be a large iron solitary confinement cell door ( from yuma prison ) build into the ground . they put a key in the lock , and the two man lift the heavy iron door open . revealing : a naked broomhilda broiling in a small coffin like iron box dig into the ground . broomhilda react to the sudden burst of blind sunshine . when ... billy crash toss the bucket of water on she . django watch this . django's Pov :. from he wide shot perspective we see they yank the naked broomhilda ( incoherent ) out of the hole . revenge music plays as we move into a sergio leone cu of django's face . Stephen break the mood . stephen ( to django ) you comin ' , or you wanna sleep in that little box ? django turn he back on the naked broomhilda and follow Stephen and dr.schultz up the front step of the Big House . int - the big house - day Stephen lead the two guest up the big prominent sweeping staircase in the entry way of the Big House . then down the hallway with the guest room . dr.schultz be show he guest room by Stephen . schultz enter the room and shut the door behind he . Stephen take django to the room next door , open the door , and lead he in . int - django's guest room - day a guest room with a big feather bed , dresser drawer with a flowery pitcher of water and basin on top of it . a little bedside table with a lamp and a tiny bell on it . 105 stephen this one 's yours , boy . that bed 's damn nice too . django walk over to the window , part the curtain and peer out . broomhilda 's go . as he look through the glass , snotty Stephen rattles on in the background . stephen feel free to touch anything you want , cause we burnin ' all this shit once you go . I will have somebody knock on the door when the demonstration ready . django sit down on the bed . Stephen turn to leave . django not so fast . stephen I get more important thing to do then jaw with you . django nigger , when I say stop you plant root . both the word and the tone stop Stephen dead . he turn around . django this tiny bell on this little table ... . be this for you ? I ring this , you do fer I ? stephen I or somebody . django reach over and pick up the bell . ( a soft ) ding -a-ling stephen ( unamused ) what ' cha want ? django I want you to pour some water in that bowl for my wash up . Stephen do what he 's tell , but with attitude . ) o ' django shut the guest room door so the two man be alone . once Stephen 's do , django stand up from the bed . django gimmie . Stephen hand he the basin full of water . django take it from he . then throw the water in Stephen 's face . the drip wet old slave can do nothing against this free man . django whatsamatter Stephen , you do not like that ? django take he hand and slap the old man hard across the face knock he to the floor ; django that 's my kinda bell ringin' . git up . the old man timidly , slowly , and shaky rise off the floor - as soon as he do - django slap he to the floor again . then django sit back down on the bed , look at the old man on the floor below he knee . django I have know I House niggers like you my whole life . play you dog trick with you massa ' . ya ' lip off to he every now a ' then , as long as ya ' keep it funny . he roll he eye and put up with it , and all the white folk think it 's so cute . meanwhile you get all this niggas round here hoppin ' and jumpin ' to stay on you good side . well this time snowball , you gonna listen to I . you get anymore sass you wanna sling my way , before they give we a mandingo demonstration , I be gonna give this whole motherfuckin plantation a demonstration , of I beatin ' the black off you ass . I will make you drop you drawer , I will take off my belt , and I will wup ' you bare ass with it , in front of every nigga on this plantation . and after I do that , let 's see you play the rooster round here . x07 stephen calvin would not . let you do it . django oh that 's right , he give you first name privilege ... . be not that cute . sass I I again nigger , see what happen ' . Stephen lie on the floor , bite he tongue . django that 's what I think . now git outta " here . with as much dignity as he can muster , Stephen stand up . before he leave , django tell he ; , django when I ring this bell , you better come a runnin ' . you - not nobody else . while I be on this property , you my nigger snowball . Stephen leave . django lie down on the bed . he cover he eye with he arm . a door join django and schultz 's room . the adjoin door open , and schultz stand there . dr.schultz be that wise ? django do not remove he arm from.his eye . django he be not tellin ' nobody ' bout that . that 's all that need to be say . int - hallway ( big house ) - day lara Lee , cora , and a traumatize , but clean up ( she 's dress in a domestic may uniform ) broomhilda stand outside dr.schultz 's door , after calvin 's sister rap on it . dr.schultz open the door . dr.schultz hello lady . dog lara lee dr.schultz , may I introduce to you , hildi . hildi , this be dr.schultz , he speak german . dr.schultz ( to broomhilda ) I have be inform you do as well . broomhilda ( german ) it would be my , pleasure to speak with you in german . schultz act for the benefit of miss lara 's astonishment . dr.schultz astonish . ( in german ) please come inside fraulein . she do , and just 'as lara Lee be to say something , schultz say , " thank you very much , " and close the door in she face . miss lara look to she mammy , and the two woman head off nonpluss . int - schultz's guest room ( big house ) - late afternoon with the door close , schultz turn to the weak , frighten , disorient girl . he give she a pleasant smile . dr.schultz they call you hildi , but you real name be broomhilda , be not it ? broomhilda yes . how do you know that ? dr.schultz stands to reason who ever teach you german would also give you a german name . can I pour you a glass of water , broomhilda ? hear she name be speak properly for the first time in awhile , not to mention with a german accent , do have a bit of a calming influence on the frighten girl . 107 we CUT to django on the other side of the adjoin door , listen , wait for he cue to present himself . back to broomhilda and dr.schultz as dr.schultz calmly pour the young lady a glass of water , he begin talk to she in german subtitled in english ; dr.schultz ( german ) I be aware you have not speak german in a long while . so I will talk slowly . I be only speak german to you now , broomhilda , in case candie 's people be listen to we . myself and a mutual friend of ours , have go through a lot of trouble , and ride a lot of mile , to find you fraulein - to rescue you . he hand she a tall clear glass of water . she look at he weird , rescue I ? dr.schultz ( german ) please drink . she absentmindedly obey . dr.schultz ( .german ) . now it 's myself and we mutual friend 's intention to take you away from here forever . broomhilda ( german ) I do not get any friend . dr.schultz ( german ) yes you do . broomhilda ( german ) who ? dr.schultz ( german ) I can not tell you . we mutual friend have a flair for the dramatic , and he want to surprise you . !!0 broomhilda ( german ) where be he ? he point at the adjoin door . dr.schultz ( german ) stand right behind that door . her head move in the direction of the door . he look to the young woman ; dr.schultz ( german ) promise I you will not scream ? she nod she head , yes . dr.schultz ( german ) say , I promise . broomhilda ( german ) I promise . dr.schultz move to the door , and lightly rap on it . the door knob turn . the door slowly open revealing ... her husband django , but different , all cowboy out and clean up . he smile at she , and say ; django hey Little trouble Maker . obviously a pet name between they . broomhilda go into a bit of shock ... . first she lose strength in she wrist , so the glass tip over , and the water spill on the floor ... . follow quickly by herself spilling on the floor in a dead . faint . 1/1 the two man look at the woman on the floor , then at each other ; dr.schultz you silver tongue devil you . montage we dissolve to later , as we see dr.schultz and django explain what - they be do there , who they be pretend to be , and what they plan be to broomhilda . we hear a woman whistle a soft pretty tune on the soundtrack . it 's not a happy tune .. . per se . but it 's pretty , and vaguely optimistic ... we dissolve to the slave pen the doom man who do not sell at greenville , brood rodney and Chester and Chicken charly , spend they last night at candyland sleep under the star in the slave Pen . the same whistling tune continue over this scene . rodney see , the whole slave sell and buy group , django , dr.schultz , candie , bartholomew , moguy , Ace Woody , Brown and cody , and the overseer , walk across the plantation grounds on they way to the arena. laughin ' and joshin ' all the way . the hatred rodney feel for that group of man burn inside he like a red hot poker . a study in powerless fury . dissolve to broomhilda setting the dinner table in the dining room of the Big House with its knife , spoon and fork . she 's all by herself as she go through this duty . the whistling tune we have be listen to have be come from broomhilda whistling as she set the table . suddenly out of the darkness of the background appear Stephen . stephen what you . whistlin ' , girl ? broomhilda stop whistling and spin surprised in Stephen 's direction . stephen what be you whistlin ' ? broomhilda oh nuttin' . stephen you be not whistlin ' nothin ' , you be whistlin ' somethin' . what ' cha whistlin ' ? broomhilda I dunno . somethin ' I hear . I do not know no.name . ) / Z stephen it 's kinder pretty . she do not say anything in return . stephen that be a compliment . broomhilda thank you . Stephen step out of the shadow into the light closer to broomhilda . stephen I be just sayin ' , two day ago you wus ' in such misery here , you hadda run off . so you run off , we catch you ass a ' drag you back . then we stick you bare ass to sizzle in the hot box for ' ' bout ten hour . now here you be two day later , whistlin ' while you work . I be just sayin ' , i.wouldn ' think you would have a hellva lot to whistle ' bout . .i be jus ' sayin' . he watch the effect he word have on broomhilda 's face . broomhilda I be do here , may I be excuse ? stephen yes you may . she move off to another part of the house . he watch she shuffle off . int - dine room ( big house ) - night later that evening , django and a lot of other white people ( calvin candie , lara Lee , moguy , and dr.schultz ) sit around the dinner table . they be be serve by the black people we have come to know at candyland ( Stephen , cora , and because dr.schultz like she broomhilda ) . along with a army of domestic slave act as wait service . know django 's a slaver , and for he dinner table privilege , the domestic slave despise django . even broomhilda will be shocked to hear he speak like a slaver , even though they obviously give she a head up on they masquerade . we pick up the conversation in mid-negotiation . " 5 . dr.schultz look monsieur candle , they be all fine specimen , no doubt about it . but the best three , by far , be sampson , goldie , and eskimo Joe . - by the way , why 's he call eskimo Joe ? calvin candie oh you never know how this nigger nickname get start . his name be Joe - ... maybe one day he say he be cold .. . who know ? dr.schultz irregardless , we all know samson 's you best , and you will never sell he and I can see why , he 's a champion . calvin candie all three be champion . django contradict , as he chew he steak ; django samson 's the champion . the other two be pretty good . all the domestic slave around the table stiffen at witness django contradict calvin candie . include broomhilda , who 's wield the gravy Boat . after django say that , while in shock , she over pour beef gravy on lara Lee 's mashed potato . lara lee hildi ! broomhilda snap back . instead of get angry , candle seem to reflect on that analysis , then issue he own appraisal ; calvin candie can eskimo Joe whip sampson , no . can he take goldie , probably not - goldie 's the best dirty fightin ' nigger I ever see . but as long as you do not put them up against that two. , eskimo Joe will whip any nigger ass . django maybe . the domestic freeze for a jerky second when django say that . // F dr.schultz you must understand , monsieur candie , while admittedly a . neophyte in the nigger fight game , I do have a bit of a background in the european travel circus . hence , I have big idea when it come to presentation . I need something more then just a big nigger . he need to have panache . a sense of showmanship . I want to be able to . bill. he as . the Black hercules . I say . , and I quote ; " I would pay top dollar for the , right nigger . " now I be not say eskimo Joe be the wrong nigger - per se ... but be he right as rain ... ? everyone wait for calvin 's response . he milk the moment by take a sip of he mint julep , then say ; calvin candie dr.schultz , i will have you know , there be no one in the nigger fight game that appreciate the value of showmanship more then , monsieur calvin J. candie . but one must not forget the most important thing in the nigger fight game . ( beat ) a nigger that can win fight . that should be you first , second , third , four , and fifth concern . after you have that , and you know you have that , then , you can start to implement a grande design . but since I enjoy oldest man 'at the table status - beat moguy by one year for that honor allow the old sage to advise , first thing first . broomhilda come around with a bowl of string green bean . dr.schultz say something pleasant to she in german .. she smile , and say something pleasant back . calvin candie I see you two gettin ' on ? dr.schultz break into a wide grin ; dr.schultz . famously . ( dramatic pause ) monsieur candie , you can not imagine what it 's like not to hear you native tongue for four year . calvin candie Hell , I can not imagine two week in Boston . Â»5 everybody at the table chuckle . dr.schultz I can not express the joy I feel converse in my mother tongue . and broomhilda be a charming conversation companion . as broomhilda hold the bowl of green bean for moguy , lara Lee notice how django and broomhilda look and try not to look at each other . Stephen enter the room with a fresh mint julep for monsieur candie . lara lee I do not know doctor , you can lay on all the german sweet talk you want , but it look like this pony get big eye for django . lara Lee have no idea how right she be , but when she say it , all three , django , broomhilda , and schultz , involuntarily jerk . and ... . stephen see it . schultz cover the jerk with more of he verbal gobbilty gook . except for Stephen , no one else be the wiser . broomhilda take she greenbean and leave the dining room for the kitchen . Stephen watch she go , then look at django , then hand candie he mint julep , and go into a broad routine for the table 's benefit . calvin candie Stephen , you be amazing . I have not finish a drink in this house in twenty year . stephen when a man like a cold drink , a man like a cold drink . chuckle ... . chuckle ... calvin candie do you overhear that joke I say about I spend two week in Boston stephen ( mock indignant ) you do not have any idea the work I do to see food get on the table . 1/6 calvin candie what do that hafta do with the price of tea in China ? stephen you think when I be in that kitchen , I get nothin ' better to do then listen in here to you tellin ' unfunny joke ? chuckle ... . chuckle ... calvin candie ( mock indignation ) what ? they laugh ! stephen of course they laugh , they parent raise they right . when they be a guest in somebody 's house , and the master of of the house think he 's - funny , you suppose to laugh . they would be rude not to . chuckle ... . chuckle ... they play they little comedy routine for all it 's worth . calvin candie no it be really funny , ( to table ) be not it ? stephen now what do you expect this people to say ? what you need to do be stop embarrassing you guest . ( to table ) everybody do not laugh at he , you be be polite , I understand , you mean well , but it just encourage he . chuckle -chuckle ... as the white folk chuckle , Stephen move back into the kitchen . tnt - kitchen ( big house ) - night once Stephen enter the kitchen , he smile melt away , and he lock eye on broomhilda . he move over to she . stephen you know that nigger ? / ï¿½ she spin around . 11 7 broomhildaâ¢ who ? stephen do not stall I bitch , you know who ? broomhilda at the table ? I do not know he . stephen . you do not know he ? broomhilda no . stephen you would not lie to I now , would you ? she shake she head , no . Stephen look at she skeptical . stephen okay , if you say so . back to dinner table pick it up again in mid-negotiation . django eskimo Joe 's a quality nigger , no doubt about it . but if it be my money , I would not pay twelve thousand dollar for he . dr.schultz what would you price be ? django well , if I , be inclined to be generous , . and I do not know why I would be inclined to be generous ... . nine thousand ... . maybe . candie 's lawyer chime in . moguy but the real question be , not how much he cost , but how much he can earn ? dr.schultz django ? django in a year time , seven or eight fight - outside of Mississippi - where he candyland pedigree be not well know - Virginia ... ( con 't ) 11y django ( con 't ) Georgia -- all go well ... twenty to twenty one thousand dollar . calvin candie precisely Bright Boy , good on ya . any way you cut that cake , that spell profit . not to , mention a year worth of action at the big table in a blood sport with a winner nigger . however let I reclarify how this whole negotiation come about . it be not I who come to you to sell a nigger , it be you who approach I to buy one . now that nine thousand dollar figure Bright Boy be band about , be not too far off from right . and if I want to sell eskimo Joe for that , I could sell them any day of the week . but like you say in greenville doctor , I do not wanna sell them . it be only you ridiculous offer of twelve thousand dollar that would make I consider it . dr.schultz consider ' calvin candie 's word , then suddenly say ; dr.schultz you know monsieur candie ... . you do possess the power of persuasion . candie smile at that remark . then suddenly schultz slap the table hard with he hand , and say ; dr.schultz why not ! monsieur candie , you have a deal , eskimo Joe , twelve thousand dollar ! the White people at the table get very happy . dr.schultz continue ; dr.schultz however , that be a tremendous amount of money . and the way you have you Mr. moguy , I have a lawyer , a persnickety man name tuttle . and I would need my man to draw up a legal contract before I would feel comfortable exchange that amount of money for flesh . not to mention have eskimo Joe examine by a physician of my choose . so say I return in about five day time with my mr.tuttle . and then my mr.tuttle and you mr.moguy can hash out the finer point between themselves . 117 calvin candie splendid . ( calling to the kitchen ) Stephen , time for dessert ! Stephen , cora , broomhilda , and the other domestic come out of the kitchen to clear away the dirty dish . broomhilda go to calvin . broomhilda can I take away you dish , monsieur candle ? calvin candie yes you may , hildi . she begin gather the dirty dish . candie look up at she as she work . calvin candie so hildi , how you like servin at the big table in the big house ? broomhilda I like it a lot monsieur candle . calvin candie it 's a lot better then sizzling in that hot box , or draggin ' you ass through a bramble bush , be not it ? broomhilda yes them . with candie interrogate broomhilda , django tense up . Stephen clock this . Stephen decide to test django 's reaction . stephen you know monsieur candle , the doctor might be interested in seein ' hildi 's " peel " back . seein ' as he do not see many nigger where he from . calvin candie ( to schultz ) when you be alone with hildi here , didja just speak german , or do ya git she clothes off ? ! 20 dr.schultz we just speak . calvin candie so you have not see she back ? dr.schultz no I have not . calvin candie then Stephen 's right , you would probably find this interesting . hildi , take off you dress , and show we you back . django hear this . broomhilda instinctively shoot a look to django . Stephen clock it . lara lee calvin , I just get she all dress up and look nice . calvin candie but lara Lee , dr.schultz be from dusseldorf , they do not get nigger there . and he 's a man of medicine . I be sure it would fascinate he , the nigger endurance for pain . I mean hildi get something like fifteen lash on she back . lara Lee get one , she would lose she mind . this nigger be tough , no doubt about it . lara lee calvin , we be eat - dessert , no less . ai not no one wanna see she whipped up back . django continue to watch this play out . Stephen watch he . candie fold . calvin candie okay okay lara . maybe after dinner . during the brandy . broomhilda - dismiss - take calvin 's dish and head back into the kitchen . Stephen take one more look at django , and follow broomhilda behind the kitchen door . 121 int - kitchen ( big house ) - night in the kitchen with the other domestics , Stephen say to broomhilda ; stephen I think you say you do not know he ? broomhilda turn around . broomhilda huh ? Stephen approach she , the other domestic get quiet and watch . stephen I say , you say , you do not know he ? broomhilda I do not . stephen yes you do . broomhilda mister Stephen , I do not . stephen why you lyin to I ? as tear begin to well in she eye . broombilda I be not . stephen why you cryin' ? broomhilda because you be scarin ' I . stephen why be I scarin ' you ? broomhilda because you be scary . thing have become so tense and quiet in the kitchen , that the dinner table conversation begin to bleed inside . we hear dr.schultz in the next room say ; dr.schultz ( os ) .to speak german , with hildi this afternoon be positively soul enrich . Stephen hear this , he 's start to get the idea . 1zl his eye to to broomhilda . stephen you , stay in the kitchen . Stephen move to the kitchen door , swing it open , and watch dr.schultz prepare to proposition candie for broomhilda . Stephen know this two joker ( django and schultz ) be up to something , and now he 's just figure it out . int - dinner table ( big house ) - night dr.schultz you indicate earlier you would be willing to part with hildi ? calvin candie yes siree bob I do . dr.schultz well in that case allow I to propose another proposition ? in full " ole jimmie " performance , Stephen barge in the room , interrupting dr.schultz . stephen - monsieur candie ? calvin candie Stephen , you just interrupt dr.schultz . stephen ( to dr.schultz ) oh , I do apologize , doctor . my hearin ' be not worth a damn this day . ( to candie ) monsieur candie , I need a word with you in the kitchen . calvin candie what , you mean get outta my chair ? stephen if you could manage it . it 's about dessert . calvin candie what about dessert ? stephen I would rather tell you in private . calvin candie we be have rhubarb pie , what sort of melodrama could be brewing back there ? 123 Stephen bend down and whisper in he ear ; stephen meet I in the library . well that 's a horse of a different color . that mean whatever Stephen have to say , have not anything to do with rhubarb pie . " meet I in the library " be they secret signal . calvin candie Fine friend Stephen , I will be along momentarily . Stephen exit . candie stand up from he chair and address the table . calvin candie well as you can see , talented no doubt as they be in the kitchen , from time to time , adult supervision be require . if you will excuse I a moment . candie exit . tnt - library ( big house ) - night a masculine sanctuary for calvin candie . wall of perfectly bound book . stuff animal head ( deer , boar ) that he 's shot , sit mount on the wall . there 's comfy red leather chair and a bar in the globe . when we CUT to this room , we cut to Stephen sit in one of the red leather chair , drink a brandy out of a brandy sifter . calvin enter the room , see Stephen sit in the chair , drink he brandy , and do not bat a eye . it appear , in this room , calvin 's and Stephen 's life long friendship exit on a different plane . outside of outside eye , in this room , all pretense of master and slave be drop , and the number one and number two .. man of candyland can talk turkey . calvin candie what 's the matter ? stephen that motherfucker be not here to buy no mandingos . they want that girl . - calvin candie what the hell you talkin ' about ? stephen they playin you ass for a fool , that 's what I be talkin ' bout . they be not here for no muscle bound jimmie , they here for that girl . calvin candie what girl , hildi ? stephen yeah , hildi . the nigger know each other . calvin candie he just buy eskimo Joe . stephen do he give you any money ? calvin candie well not yet , but - stephen - then he do not R ..y diddly , not yet no how . but he be just about to buy , who he come here to buy , when I interrupt he . thank you Stephen - you be welcome calvin . calvin candie where you gettin ' all this ? why would they go through all that trouble , to. buy a nigger with a chew up back , be not worth five hundred dollar ? stephen well they be doin ' it cause django 's in love with hildi . she 's probably he wife . now why that german give a fuck about who that uppity son-of - a-- bitch be in love with , I be sure I do not know . calvin candie if she 's who they want , why the whole snake oil pitch about mandingos ? stephen because you would not pay no never mind to four hundred dollar . but twelve thousand get you real friendly . calvin think ... .as per usual , Stephen 's right . calvin candie that lyin ' goddamn . time wastin ' sonsabitch ! ( louder ) sonsabitch ! you just watch , I be gonna fix they wagon but good ! Stephen , we .gonna have we a candyland tar and feathering ! fl5 stephen now calvin .. . not that I would not enjoy seein ' something like that ... . but why do not you sit down and let 's talk about this . calvin candle I let a goddamn nigger and nigger lovin ' huckster insinuate themselves at my dinner table , and play this whole goddamn plantation for a fool ! stephen calm - the-fuck -down , sit down , and let 's discuss this . a frustrated calvin finally collapse in the chair . stephen now look , you know , and I know , there be something up with this two . we just do not know what . but now we do . they do not want you to know how bad they want that girl . but this ole boy have ride a lotta mile , go t6 a whole lotta trouble , and do spread a whole lotta bull to get this girl . they must want she mighty bad . Way I see it , be not nothin ' change . they wanna buy a nigger , you wanna sell a nigger . the only thing do change be the advantage . ( beat ) now we get it . . so let 's go back in there and bust this motherfucker 's chop . int - dine room ( big house ) - night the dinner table guest listen to lara lee'candie - fitzwilly hold court melodramatically ... . till ... . calvin candie enter the room from the kitchen door . lara Lee , oblivious to she brother change in demeanor , blurt out upon seeing he ; lara lee there you be ! I be beginning to think you and that of crow run off together . schultz and django feel the change in they host 's demeanor , as he stare down the table at they . calvin candle that would be a hellva note , would not it lara Lee ? ( con 't ) 1Z J calvin candie ( con 't ) lara Lee , I just look out the big winda . Ace Woody 's out there dealin' with some shady slaver sellin ' a passel of ponys . would you be a dear and go out there and give they gal a eyeball . that of boy know everything to know ' bout mandingos , but he do not know diddly ' bout black puddin' . lara Lee excuse herself and leave the room , as she go out , bartholomew , with he saw off shotgun , come . in behind schultz and django . calvin candie can I ask you two gentleman to look over you shoulder ? schultz and django do , and see bartholomew with he saw off shotgun point at they . calvin candie remove he arm from behind he back , and in he hand he 's hold a big ugly hammer . calvin candie now lay you palm flat on the table top . they put they palm on the table . calvin candie now you lift that palm off that turtle shell table top , bartholomew gonna let loose with both barrel of that saw off . there 's be a lotta lie say around this table tonight - but that .. . you can believe . ( beat ) mr.moguy , would you be so kind as to collect the pistol hangin ' on that boys'hip ? Mr. moguy do . holding the hammer in he hand , candie continue to hold court . calvin candie now where be we ? oh yes , I do believe you be just get ready to make I a proposition to buy broomhilda . right ? dr.schultz right . calvin candie ( yelling to stephen ) Stephen ! bring out hildi ! ix ? Stephen enter the dining room through the kitchen door , hold roughly in he grip , broomhilda . he hold a small derringer pistol against the side of she head . django and schultz react . calvin candie now it should be quite clear by now I know you be not here to buy no mandingos . reason y'all come to candyland , be y'all want broomhilda . but y'all do not want I to know how much you want 'er . so instead , you waste my time with all this eskimo Joe horseshit . ( to stephen ) Stephen , put she in that chair . Stephen sit the young lady down in moguy 's old chair . with they palm against the table , unarm , django and schultz silently watch candie 's next move . candie , still hold the hammer , continue . calvin candie now the way I see it , be not nothin ' change .. you still wanna buy a nigger , I still wanna sell one . so , with that in mind , in greenville , dr.schultz , you yourself say , " for the right nigger you would be willing to pay what some would consider a ridiculous amount . " to which , I myself say , " what be you definition of ridiculous ? " to which you say , " twelve thousand dollar . " now consider you two have ride a whole lotta mile , go to a whole lotta trouble , and do spread a whole lotta bull , to purchase the lovely lady to my leave , it would appear that broomhilda be , " the right nigger . " and if y'all wanna leave candyland with broomhilda , the price be twelve thousand dollar . dr.schultz I take it you prefer the take it or leave it style of negotiate . candie continue to hold the hammer continue . calvin candie under the law of chickasaw County , broomhilda be my property . and I can do anything with my property I so desire . he bring the big hammer down hard on the dinner table , make everybody jump . in calvin candie and if you think my price for this nigger be too steep , what I be gonna desire to do be , take this hammer and beat she ass to death with it . right in front of both y'all . he smashes the arm rest of the chair broomhilda 's sit in . calvin candie put up or shut up , schultz . you wanna save this nigger bitch , you gonna pay my price . dr.schultz May I lift my hand from the table top in order to remove my billfold ? calvin candie yes you may . dr.schultz remove he long brown leather billfold from he gray suit jacket , and say ; , dr.schultz easy come , easy go . he slide the billfold down the table to candie . the plantation owner take out the money , do a quick count , then look down the table at the seat schultz , and say ; calvin candie pleasure doin ' business with you . time CUT int - dine room ( big house ) - night insert : calvin signing over broomhilda 's bill of sale . . moguy sign as a witness . broomhilda stand next to django , and watch she master sign she freedom papers . dr.schultz sit off by himself . he 's very disturb . all the white people with calvin candie be happy and celebrate candie 's success with glass of brandy . lara Lee , Ace Woody , and Brown and cody have join the ' celebration . for a experience horsetrader , the just conclude transaction be a thing of legend . he just sell a pony , with a tore up back , and a runaway " be " burn in she cheek - be not worth five hundred dollar - for twelve thousand . Stephen smile and laugh it up with everybody else . the other domestic bring out little plate of rhubarb pie , and buzz around pour coffee for the white people . candie walk over to the seat schultz , he carry a small plate of rhubarb pie with he . calvin candie ( to schultz ) rhubarb pie ? schultz look at the pie and the man . dr.schultz no . calvin candie be you brood ' bout I get the best of ya ? dr.schultz actually , I be think of that poor devil you feed to the dog today , d'artagnan . and I be wonder what Dumas would make of all this . calvin hand the doctor the two piece of paper he need . broomhilda 's bill of sale , and she freedom papers . as he say the follow he examine he papers . calvin candie Dumas ...? dr.schultz Alexander Dumas . he write " the Three musketeer . " I figure you must be a admirer . you name you slave after that novel 's lead character . if Alexander Dumas have be there today , I wonder what he would of make of it ? calvin candie you doubt he would approve ? dr.schultz yes he approval would be a dubious proposition at best . calvin candie Soft heart frenchy ? dr.schultz Alexander Dumas be black . 1 30 schultz rise , put the papers in he back pocket , .look to he two companion , django and broomhilda , and say ; dr.schultz we get it , let 's go . ( to candie ) normally monsieur candie , I would say , auf wiedersehen . but since what auf wiedersehen actually mean be , till I see you again , and since I never wish to see you again , to you sir , I say , goodbye . schultz begin to cross the room towards the exit . when calvin say to the german 's back ; calvin candie one more moment , Doc ! dr.schultz what ? calvin candie it 's a custom here in the South , once a business deal be conclude , for the two party to shake hand . it imply good faith . dr.schultz I be not from the South . he turn to leave . calvin candie you be in my house , doctor , I be afraid I must insist . this turn schultz around . dr.schultz insist what ...? that I shake you hand before I leave ? then I be afraid I must insist in the opposite direction . calvin walk closer to the german doctor . calvin candie you know what I think you be ? dr.schultz what you think I be ? no I do not . 1310 , calvin candle I think you be a bad loser . dr.schultz and I think you be a abysmal winner . calvin candle never the less , here in chickasaw County a deal be not do till the two party have shook hand . even after all this paper signin ' , do not mean shit you do not shake my hand . dr.schultz if I do not shake you hand , you be gonna throw away twelve thousand dollar ...? I do not think so . schultz look to django and broomhilda . dr.schultz let 's go . calvin candie bartholomew , if she try to leave here before this german shake my hand . cut 'er down . schultz look to django ... . then to candle .. .and then with a smile on he face , and a twinkle in he eye , ask candle ; dr.schultz . you really want I to shake you hand ? django get it . calvin candie I insist . dr - schultz smile . dr.schultz well , if you insist . django go to stop he ... 1 714 the german cross toward candie , offer he he hand ... candie offer he hand to schultz ... the small derringer pop into schultz 's outstretch hand ... pop ! he shoot calvin candie in the heart . candie have a look of shock as blood explode from he heart , and he fall to the floor . everybody be stunne . schultz look to django . django look back . dr.schultz ( to django ) I be sorry . I could not resist . dr.schultz be blown apart by bartholomew 's sawed off shotgun . the room come to its sense and attack django and broomhilda . fade to black we fade up from black to see : the sole of django 's bare foot . a rope be tie around the ankle , and it 's obvious he 's be strung up , upside down . the camera move down he naked body , down he leg ( we see he wrist be ' bound with rope to he thigh ) , down he bare buttock , down he whip scar back , to the back of he head which hover just about three inch from the barn yard wooden floor . int - barn - afternoon eight year old stable boy , timmy , wipe the unconscious django 's face with a wet rag . they be all alone in the barn . django begin to come to ... timmy ( shhh be he ) Act like you still sleepin' . django where 's broomhilda ? timmy who ? django hildi , the slave girl that run away a couple of day ago . they have she in the hot box . timmy I do not know ' bout no girl . django how ' bout that german white man I come here with ? timmy oh he 's dead . his body 's over there . django twist upside down on the rope , and see the corpse of he friend King schultz dead on the filthy barn yard floor . the sight of the lifeless carcass of the doctor fill django with pain and anger . just then head overseer Ace Woody walk in the barn . upon see Ace , timmy hightail it out of there , Ace throw a empty bucket at the flee boy . ace woody git on outta here , boy ! 133 django , slightly .. sway to and for from the rope , look upside down at Ace Woody , all dress up in a black suit with a string tie , which make he look a bit like Wyatt earp . ace woody so y'all bounty hunter , .huh ? django think , " how do he know ? " ace woody I know there be something fishy ' bout , y'all . we find you want poster and book of figure in you saddle bag . I gotta say , be not never hear of no black bounty hunter before . a black boy pay to kill white man ? how do ya like that line of work ? django retort , upside down . django well , it turn out I be a natural . Ace woody laugh . ace woody Boy , people ' round here be cross wit you . Ace Woody pull up a tiny milk stool , and sit down on it , a body length from the hang man . ace woody see boss man be a rather beloved figure 'round here . now he 's dead as fry chicken , everyone ' round here blame you . Ace Woody open he black suit jacket , we see not only do he wear a gun and holster around he waist , he carry a huge bowie knife ina shoulder holster . he remove the big blade from its sheath . ace woody yep , boss man 's go . poor calvin . poor goddamn calvin . we be burnin ' he in a few hour . at sunset . should be real pretty . however ... . I do not think you be gonna be able to attend . Ace take the bowie knife and throws it ... . it land stick in the wooden barn yard floor , four inch from django 's face . Ace Woody slowly rise up from the tiny milk stool , and slowly walk the length of the floor between he and django , pull the blade out of the floor , and walk back to he stool , and sit back down . as he do this , he say ; ace woody now I understand you do not really have nuttin ' to do wit it . it 's that german sunbitch the trouble maker . you just want to git you girl , and hightail you nigger ass outta here . now I appreciate that . but grieve folk ' round here need someone to blame . and I guess they figure if you have not bring you black ass ' round here in the first place , boss man still be alive . and you know what , they get a point . he throws the knife again ... .this time it land in the floor two inch from django 's face . he walk the same path from the knife and back to the tiny stool . as he do he say ; ace woody now when it come to make a nigger regret the error of he way , believe I when I . tell you , I know every goddamn trick in the book . now there 's a lotta ass buster out there try a ' git creative with the way they bust ass . but I ... . I always find the best method be , try and true . he throws the knife again ... django jerk he head back ... .and the knife land in the floor , right where django 's head be . Ace Woody stand up , walk the floor to the bowie , yank it out of the wood. , and straighten up , stand right beside the hang upside down naked black man . Ace talk confidentially to the bound man at he mercy . ace woody you know blackie , here at candyland , I have I a real sweet deal . this last eleven year training calvin 's mandingos I make I more money I make my whole goddamn life . and no end in sight , neither . ( beat ) then you come along . knocked I right off that perch I be sittin ' pretty on . you think miss lara gonna be as. interested in mandingos as she brother ? uuummmm ... I do not think so . what I think , be you do fuck up my good thang . so when it come to you , django boy , you could say I gotta axe to grind . ijs he grab a handfull of django 's genitals in he fist . he take he big bowie , and place the razor sharp blade against django 's nut sack . django dance at the end of the rope like live bait on a fishing pole . ace woody how 's the blade of that bowie feel against you ball sack , blackie ? a bowie right off the wet stone . now that 's what I call sharp . django dance some more ... ace woody yep nigger , I be gonna snip they nut . ( breath ) on the count of three . django scream : django no !!!! ace woody one ... django no don't do it !!!!! ace woody get to do it , boy . two ... django no !!!! ! just then Stephen appear in the entrance of the barn / blacksmith facility . he 's hold django 's clothes in a bundle under he arm . stephen cap't , miss lara lookin ' for you . she wanna talk about the Old man 's funeral . oh , and she change she mind ' bout snippin ' django . she gonna give them to the lequint dickey people . while still keep a firm grip on django 's 'junk , Ace Woody say ; ace woody well she do not waste a minute tellin ' I . Ace Woody look down at django , both man get over the abort emotion of what almost happen . ace woody ( to django ) how disappoint . 171 ace woody ( to stephen ) where she at ? stephen she in the big house . the kitchen . Ace turn to leave , Stephen go over to a big fiery furnace in the blacksmith barn , and begin poke a long poker which lie bury in the fire . django 's clothes be dumped by the furnace . ace woody you gonna look after we friend ? as , he play with the poker in the fire , he say ; stephen oh yes sirree Bob , you know I be ! 01 ' snowball and a certain naked ass upside down nigger we both know , gonna have we a big of chat . he remove the big black poker from the furnace fire , it 's red hot end glow orange . stephen snowball just makin ' sure he talk stick be all nice and frosty . Ace Woody chuckle to himself as he exit the barn . just Stephen with a red hot poker , and naked , bound upside down django , alone . with the red hot poker in he hand snowball approach the naked hang django . stephen I bet you a ' that german think y'all be on easy street for awhile - do not ya ? y'all track hildi to the Old man . you get the idea to go to greenville - look up the ole man there . ( breath ) that be a good idea . I bet y'all could not believe how easy it be . you meet moguy , he busy you horseshit . ya ' git you ass invite to candyland , no fuss no muss . ya ' ride the whole way to the plantation , no one the wiser . then ya ' ride in to candyland - ride you goddamn horse right up to the motherfuck Big House . 137 stephen ( beat ) and that 's where you meet I . and that 's when you know you goose be cook . he touch django 's nipple with the orange hot tip of the poker . unlike a lot of movie hero 's , django do not take torture silently and stoically . this shit fuck hurt , so you best believe he scream he fuck ass off , and twist in agony when he get touch by the orange tip of that red hot poker . stephen now that fancy talkin ' white man of yours do not know what 's what . he still think he ass hadda chance . but like the one - eyed charly you be , you always know the end be near ' fore the white folk . with the orange hot poker , he burn off django 's other nipple . the smell of burn flesh smoke in the air . Stephen make a show of breathe it in he nostril . stephen damn nigger , you smell good . he walk behind django with the poker . stephen you know , when you be sittin ' on that feather bed in the quest room in the Big House - after you slap my ass to the floor you be sayin ' something ' bout my bare black ass , and how you be gonna bust it . remember that , Bright Boy ? he place the hot orange end of the poker hard against django 's bare buttock . django scream ! Stephen laugh . Stephen walk away and stick the poker back in the fire . he go through django 's clothes and pull out he tan pants . he toss they on the floor by the hang man . stephen you leavin ' , that 's what you can take with you . Stephen walk over to the hang upside down man , and as he talk to he , he begin fondle django 's genitals . i31 stephen now you be quite the topic of conversation for the last few hour . seem like folk never have a bright idea in they life , be comin ' up with different way to kill you ass . now most of ' dem idea involved fuckin wit you fun part . but while that might seem like a good idea . Truth be , once ya snip a nigger nut , most bleed out . then I say ; " hell bell , the nigger we send to lequint dickey , get it worse then that . " then they be , " let 's whip them to death , " " throw them to the mandingos , " " feed them to stonesipher 's dog . " and then I say , " what 's so special ' bout that ? we do that shit all the time . hell bell , the nigger we send to lequint dickey get it worse then that . " he stop massage django 's ball . stephen so miss lara get the bright idea of givin ' you ass to the lequint dickey mining company . and as a slave of the lequint dickey mining company , hence forth , till the day you die , you will be swinging a sledgehammer , all day , every day , turn big rock into little rock . and trust I when I tell you it 's gonna be ' bout as much fun as it sound . we sell ' they the mandingos be not good for nuttin ' no more . like they three y'all come back with . for they big garboon we get twenty a piece . they last ' bout six month . skinny nigger like you , I give two or three . Stephen turn to leave . django where 's broomhilda ? stephen she 's all right for now . miss lara soft heart on 'er . she give she to billy crash . he be sweet on 'er . now billy crash might not look or smell too good , but be not nobody gonna bother she . Stephen limp away . CUT to 137 ext - candyland - afternoon the caravan come from the lequint dickey mining company come riding up to the plantation . it come equip with one cage wagon ( from a prison ) , one white trash peckawood name floyd to drive the wagon , a 2nd white trash peckawood name roy to ride lead horse , and a white trash peckawood name jano to bring up the rear riding horse ass , plus a pack horse that carry dynamite for the mine . the three peckawood , who all talk with thick Australian accent , have stop the caravan and be have a powwow . roy it 's chaos ' round here . some bastard shot the big boss . let 's git the nigger and git out . the Three mandingos who be not sell in greenville , rodney , Chicken charly , and Chester be walk to the wagon by overseer Tommy gile . and broomhilda 's new owner billy crash . all three slave carry the bundle of personal belonging they have have since greenville . Chester wear a hat , and Chicken charly have a corncob pipe in he mouth . the wagon driver , floyd , approach they . floyd you black line up . they do . floyd what 's you name ? chester Chester . chicken charly Chicken charly . rodney rodney . floyd I be . floyd , this be Roy , and that 's jano . ( pointing at chester' bundle ) what 's that ? chester it 's my stuff . floyd throw it in the dirt . 1 40 all three throw they only belonging in the dirt . floyd take the 'hat off of Chester 's head and sail it away . as well as rip the corncob pipe out of Chicken charly 's mouth and toss it in the dirt . floyd ( to Chicken charly ) you will not be doin ' much smokin ' mate . ( to all three ) you be now the property of the lequint dickey mining company . git in the cage . this be go to be worse then the three even think . they climb into the cage wagon . floyd lock it behind they . Roy , the head aussie , pay billy crash for the slave , when we hear Ace Woody call out ; ace woody ( os ) hold on , we get another hammer swinger for ya . Ace Woody come walk out of the barn with django , shirtless and barefoot ( just like we meet he at beginning of the story ) , wear he old tan pants , and he wrist bound by a rope . roy we can not use that skinny bastard . ace woody we get a arraignment with mr.dickey to take punishment nigger from time to time . roy no one tole ' I ' bout no arraignment . ace woody well if mr.dickey be not takin ' you into he confidence , I be sure I do not know why . roy look , no one tole ' I ' bout - ace woody - no , you look peckawood , this nigger get boss candie kill . and we want he ass punish . now I know you need we buck . so.unless you wanna ride back to the mine , and tell mr.dickey how and why you fuck up we nice little business relationship , take this nigger and hush up about it ! roy Fine , stick them in the goddamn cage . " h django see the three mandingos in the cage . they see he too . django stop Ace Woody . django whoa whoa whoa , you can not put I in there with they . they will kill I . what about all that - turn big rock into little rock - shit y'all be . talkin ' about ? I mean that be the idea be not it ? you put I in there with they big ass garboon they kill I on the way . I mean if that 's the idea , that 's the idea , but I do not think that be the idea . Ace know he 's right , so he turn to Roy and floyd . ace woody he can not go in there with they . floyd why not ? ace woody they will kill he . floyd I do not give a damn . ace woody well we do ! he kill the fuckin boss man , we want the mine to grind he to gravel ! roy jano , you be riclin ' horse ass , you take this black and make sure he keep up . jano oh , I will keep them up . jano take the rope tired around django 's wrist . and tie the other end around he saddle horn . the lequint dickey mining company caravan leave candyland . ext - MISSISSIPPI country road - day the caravan make its way down a dirt road in pretty chickasaw County . stoic Roy riding lead horse , floyd drive the cage wagon , rodney , Chester , and Chicken charly bounce around inside the cage wagon , jano riding horse ass , and django be lead on foot behind he . j42 django ( to jano ) hey boy ! jano ignore he . django I say , hey white boy ! jano keep you mouth shut black , you be not get nothing to say I wanna hear . django what 's he pay you ? jano who ? django lequint dickey ? jano you gotta few more thing to worry about black boy , then what I get pay . django I be not worried about it . I be just curious . I mean , I be the property of the lequint dickey mining company , be not I ? jano yeah . django and you work for the lequint dickey mining company , dont 'cha ? jano yeah ? django well , I know how much I be gettin ' pay , how much you gettin ' pay ? I mean like for instance , how much you gettin ' pay for today ? jano look black , it do not work like that . dickey pay for we passage from Australia to here . we get a little money to send back home , and pay he back for the boat trip . I " django how long you be here ? jano ' bout two year . django and you be not pay he back yet ? jano ( defensively ) no , not yet ! django ( laugh ) you a slave too , peckawood . they just buy you ass for the price of a boat ride . at least they do not charge we for we boat ride ... . ha ha ha ha ... jano ( yelling ) you shut up ! jano 's hand grab he riding crop , and he bring it up to strike django , when the black man say to he ; django how would you like to make eleven thousand dollar ? jano what ? django step closer to he . django how would you like to make eleven thousand dollar -- eleven thousand five hundred , actually ? Roy , in the lead , yell back to jano ; roy goddamit jano , stop fuckin with that black , and keep up ! django keep riding , just ride slower . they move forward , with django walk beside jano on he horse . r44 django back at that plantation candyland , there be a eleven thousand five hundred dollar fortune just sittin there , and y'all ride right past it . jano you be damned , blackie . we be not bandit . django that 's what 's nice about this fortune , it 's not illegal . you can not steal it , ya gotta earn it . jano if you get something to say , say it . django the eleven thousand five hundred dollar fortune wait for you back at candyland , be in the form of a want dead or alive bounty on smitty bacall and the smitty bacall gang . jano who the fuck be smitty bacall ? django smitty bacall be the leader of a murdering gang of stagecoach robber , the bacall gang . there 's a seven thousand dollar dead or alive bounty on he . and one thousand five hundred dollar for each of he three accomplice , dandy michael , Gerald nash , and crazy Craig koons . and all four of they gentleman be sittin back there at candyland ... laughin they ass off ... cause they just get away with murder . ( beat ) but it do not hafta be that way . you and you mate could get that money . jano who pay the money ? django the Court . jano the Court ? django the Austin Texas courthouse . oh , and by the way , the court do not give a damn about how you kill them . you can shoot them in the back , from up on a hill , in the back of the head , in they sleep - do not matter . ( con 't ) django ( con 't ) Court do not care how you do it , just as long as you do it . jano they.pay we to kill them ? django no . you kill them , and they payyou for the corpse . get it ? jano I think so ... . what do this joker do again ? django kill innocent people in a stagecoach robbery . I have get the handbill in my pocket . django dig into he tan pants and pull out the fold up smitty bacall handbill that dr.schultz tell he to hang on to for good luck . he hand it to jano . jano what 's this ? django I tell you , it 's the handbill for smitty bacall and the bacall gang . jano look at the handbill . django whatsamatter , can not you read ? jano I can read , I just do not have my glass . I do not take them with I , because I do not think I would be doin much readin ' on a nigger run . django what about that cowboy fella in the lead ? jano Roy ? django can Roy read ? jano look , get it straight black , I can fuckin read . I just do not get my glass . CUT to 146 ext -- beautiful MISSISSIPPI country tableaux at dusk the lequint dickey mining Co. caravan have stop , and pull over to the side of the road . in the cage rodney , Chicken charly , and Chester sit in the cage , and watch through the bar this new turn of event without any . clear comprehension of what they be watch . what the three cage man be watch be the three Australian mining company employee and django , off in the distance ( where they can not hear what they be say ) , have some sort of a discussion . that include the still bound by the wrist django show the three man a piece of paper . insert : smitty bacall wanted dead or alive handbill Roy hold it in he hand as he read and django talk . django I be not no goddamn slave . do I sound - like a fuckin slave ? I be a bounty hunter . yesterday as a free man , I ride into candyland on a horse with my white german partner , dr.ke schultz . we would track the bacall gang from Texas all the way to chickasaw County . found they lay low at candyland . we go in to get them , thing go sour . my partner be kill , and calvin candie be shot . everybody there decide to blame I , so here I be . ( to roy ) you know I be not on the manifest ? all of you know I be not suppose to be on this trip . but that four man , be still back there . they be still want . and that eleven thousand five hundred be still up for grab . and the last thing they would expect be y'all rid . in back and gittin it . django be damn convincing . roy what 's you deal ? you tell we who they be and we let ya go ? django I be not tellin' who they be . but , you give I a pistol , and a horse , and five hundred dollar of that eleven thousand five hundred , and I will point them out to you . he 's get this greedy sonsabitch right on the hook ... he just need one little push . 1 q7 django y'all wanna ask somebody if I be tellin the truth , ask they mandingos . you can not put I in the same cage with they without they killin I . why ya think that be ? ask they .am I a candyland slave , or do I ride in there on a horse , with a white man , yesterday ? CUT to roy and floyd go to the cage wagon to talk with the three mandingos . as they walk , Roy continue to study the handbill . roy ( reading aloud ) " want , dead or alive . smitty bacall and the bacall gang . for murder and stagecoach robbery . Seven thousand dollar for bacall . one thousand five hundred dollar for each of he gang member ... . " this be a real handbill . floyd just because the handbill 's real do not mean that other bunch of malarky .is. roy why would a nigger slave have a want dead or alive handbill in he pocket ? floyd do not have a answer for that one . roy that black 's damn convincing . they get to the cage o'men . Roy startles they with a direct question ; roy ( point , behind he , at django ) that black ride into candyland yesterday ? the cage Men do not know what they be suppose to say . Roy remove the pistol from he belt , cock back the hammer and point the barrel at the cage . roy I be gonna ask again , and remember I do not like liar . be he a candyland slave , or do he ride in with a white man yesterday ? chester yeah . they walk we from the greenville auction and he ride on a horse with a white man . roy this white man , be the black he slave ? rodney he be not no slave . floyd you sure about that ? rodney damn sure . Roy start take the possibility of a eleven thousand dollar windfall seriously . roy what happen at candyland ? chicken charly bunch of shootin , master get shot . roy who shot them ? chicken charly the german . roy and why do he do that ? chicken charly the nigger and the german be actin as if they be slaver , but they be not . roy what be they ? rodney bounty hunter . floyd be start to get convinced . floyd goddamn Roy , this could be big . ( to the slave ) do you know who smitty bacall be ? ! y , roy ( bark at floyd ) they would not go by they outlaw name you idiot ! CUT to Roy and floyd walk back to django and jano . roy okay black , you gotta deal . jano react . django I get one more condition . roy what ? django when we get there , when the time come , you let I help you kill them . Roy whip out a big knife , and cut the rope around django 's wrist . roy ( laughing ) you get a deal , black . django interrupt - django you gotta deal , mate . Roy really laugh this time . as do django and the other two aussy . roy you be all right for a black fella ! the cage rodney , Chicken charly , and Chester watch the sight of the white man cut the rope that bound the black man 's wrist , as well as they all share a laugh , with wonderment . " who be this nigger ? " back with the laughing quartet roy we will give you that pack horse . django what 's they saddle bag fill with ? floyd dynamite . !so django i.ai not ridin no horse with no goddamn dynamite on he back ! roy ( chuckle chuckle ) yeah , I can see why . jano take that stick off that horse , and stick them in the nigger cage . jano do this , lift two out of four bag fill with dynamite off the pack horse , and walk to the cage wagon , unlock ' the cage door , and place the bag inside . the Black Men in the cage do not like this at all . jano remove the last of the dynamite fill saddle bag from django 's horse , throw they over he shoulder , and begin walk back to the cage wagon . django move to he new pack horse , and say ; django where 's my pistol ? roy floyd , you get that rifle on the wagon , give them you gun and you belt . floyd unbuckle he gun belt , gun and all , fold it up , and walk over to django hand it to he . django accept it . about the pistol , floyd tell django ; floyd now do not drop it now . I just have the sight fix last month , it 's perfect . django hold the gunbelt in he hand . django that 's good to know . without take the pistol out of the gunbelt , django shoot floyd twice in the chest ... Roy turn around ... django take the gun out of the holster ... . bam ... roy be hit in the upper brain area and fall to the grass dead . jano go for the gun on he hip . django shoot one of the saddle bag over . jano 's shoulder ... kahboom !!!!! jano be blown to smithereen ... the kahboom knock django on he ass ... the cage wagon rodney , Chester , and Chicken Charlie come down from the shock of the blast . the image outside the bar of they cage be of dust and smoke in the air , obscure all visibility ... then ... a sudden gust of wind come and blows all the smoke and dust away , revealing in bright color focus ... . django stand among the two dead aussy , and whatever be leave of jano . he 's shoeless and shirtless , but floyd 's pistol and gunbelt sit wrap around he waist . he lock eye with the three man in the cage .. he then move towards the wagon , and unhook the mine company beast , and climb aboard he bareback . he lean over and snatch the rifle that floyd keep on the wagon seat next to he . grabbing a fistful of the horse mane , he dig he heel into the beast 's side . the pack animal spring to life under the new rider . by now it should be apparent that django bring the best out of horse , and horse bring the best out of django . from he high horse django look down at the Three cage Men ... .then ... use the rifle in a quick one handed move he shoot the lock on the cage door . he look at the three man , especially rodney , then say ; django throw up that dynamite . rodney grab a saddle bag full of dynamite and toss it to django on he horse . django wrap it around the horse 's neck , turn the beast around , and without say another word , ride back in the direction of candyland . the Three now free mandingos , watch he ride away . " who be that nigger ? " CUT to l.rz a gorgeous big sky southern purple and orange sunset we pan down from the sky and see in small black silhouette the funeral procession of calvin candie carry the coffin of the former master up the hill on ' candyland that lead to the graveyard . a white preacher walk out in front of the procession . then come calvin candie 's coffin carry by eight pallbearer , Stephen , moguy , bartholomew , Ace Woody , Brown , cody , and he best mandingos samson and goldie . the first mourner in line be lara Lee dress in a fancy black dress , wide brim black hat , black veil , and ever present black mammy ( cora ) cry at she side . cora the sky 's real pretty miss lara . monsieur candie think it real nice . lara lee ah , bless you sweet innocent cora . we cross CUT with shot of django riding the horse on the way back to candyland . the bare back black man riding the horse bareback , hold the rifle in one hand , a fistful of the horse mane in the other , haul ass against a gorgeous sunset sky , look like a indian . ext - tracker shack / bunkhouse - sunset the same gorgeous sunset sky over the same shitty tracker shack - bunkhouse that mr.stonesipher and he three obscure companion share . the german shepherd ( include Marsha ) rest in the chicken wire kennel next to the bunkhouse . int - tracker shack - sunset the four tracker be . miss the funeral , hang out in the bunkhouse wear they beard . mr.stonesipher , lex , and stew be play a mountain card game which look like poker , except the way you get rid of you card be different . instead of chip they play with , " nigger ear " ( yes , the ear of slave ) . on a second view the audience may notice that some of the slave at candyland be miss one ear . Jake , the biggest , be off by himself , pound nail into a small delicate birdhouse he 's make . ext - wood - outside the shack - sunset insert : horse hoof walk then stop . django 's bare foot jump on to the ground . is3 int - dog kennel - sunset the four dog lay out ... . when , Marsha hear something , and raise she head ... shirtless django move quietly through the wood . marsha rise to all four , to listen and smell . out in the darkness , she three pal continue to lay out . django by a tree he can see the bunkhouse entrance , the long handle axe bury in the chopping block , the kennel , and the one dog look he way . marsha bark ! the other Three dog wake up , and go on alert . django disappear . int - tracker shack - sunset they hear the bark inside . mr.stonesipher Jake ! Jake building he birdhouse . jake yeah ? mr.stonesipher check on Marsha . Jake , the one not play the game , put aside he hammer , and rise to check on they ( this guy be very sensitive about they dog ) . ext - tracker shack as the barking get louder , we see a close up of the axe in the chopping block , and django 's hand removing it . jake open the bunkhouse door - he see directly a hundred foot in front of he , django stand there with the axe . just as he react ... django ... . throws the axe ... jake ... . it hit he in the face . after let go of the axe handle , django run full speed toward Jake . before the other three have really register what 's happen , django have cross the distance , and be yanking the axe out of jake' face . and with axe in hand , django chase and fight with all three tracker , till after a point where he 's chopped down two of they , lex , and stew , and now there 's only mr.stonesipher leave . but mr.stonesipher have manage to draw he gigantic buck knife , and be able to fight back against django . you know stonesipher 's great with a knife , plus he fight style be like one of he dog , attack attack attack . django use the axe handle in a defensive position . the expert Mountain Boy begin scoring blade cut on shirtless django . the two man fight until they end up lose they weapon . then it 's just a fight of brute strength , and survival . mr.stonesipher be physically bigger then django . but if django 's go to save broomhilda , not to mention get revenge on all this candyland motherfucker , he have to take stonesipher 's ass out . this Black man who have be under the yoke of white man 's domination all he life , and this White man who feed black people to dog , fight each other for they life . django get he arm around stonesipher 's neck in a headlock , but the mountain boy be big enough to lift django . so like a rodeo rider hold onto bull for dear life , django tighten he lock around he opponent neck . django get he hand on the hammer Jake be building the birdhouse with , and bring it crashing down on the top of stonesipher' head . that weaken stonesipher . he hit he again in the head . that drop stonesipher to he knee . he hit he again with the hammer on the head . that put the mountain man down on he back . he hit he one more time with the hammer to keep he down for good . the tracker be all dead . only the dog mad bark remain . ext - the funeral - night the funeral for calvin candie be underway . the preacher read some word over he . ext - tracker shack - night django , half naked , splatter with blood from the axe murder , step out of the shack . he take a wash basin off the window sill , and walk over to the water pump . Marsha and she three friend - continue to bark like mad . he pump a couple of time , and water explode into the bowl . he begin wash the blood - off 'of himself . as he wash , he say outloud ; django what ya doin around here , boy ? timmy step from he watch place in the bush . timmy I be just walkin ' by . django wanna help I out ? timmy sure . django my woman , hildi , be with billy crash . you know where he shack be ? timmy sure do . django you show I ? timmy will I get in trouble ? django not by the time I get through killin' everybody . timmy have never hear a black man talk like that . he believe he . timmy I will show ya . then ... django turn towards the bark dog . he turn back to timmy and ask ; django you know what toadstool look like ? 15 - C timmy sure do . django go pick I a mess of them . insert : timmy pick toadstool ( poison mushrom ) . insert : django stir a big pot of beef stew with a wooden spoon in the tracker shack . timmy come 'in carry a bunch of toadstool inside he shirt . django take the toadstool and mr.stonesipher 's buck knife and chop the mushroom into tiny piece . he toss the tiny bit of poison shroom into the beefy sauce , and mix it up with the spoon . ext - marsha' kennel - night django throw the pot of poison beef stew over the top of the kennel . it land on the ground with a plop . the angry dog , be nevertheless ' , still dog , and greedily scarf up the stew . django watch they wolf down they ultimate agony with a smile . django you bit you last nigger , bitch ? bite on that . django lift timmy up on to the bare back wagon horse . django first thing first , boy . take I to my horse . ext - funeral night the funeral be in full melodramatic bore . tnt - stable -blacksmith - night timmy bring django to the stable on the candyland grounds . django go straight up to the stall housing tony and say hello . tony 's happy to see he . django feed he a apple he pick along the way for he . he turn and see the body of dr.schultz lie in a heap . and schultz 's horse fritz in the stable . django saddle up fritz and tony . timmy just stare . django now , boy ! timmy hop to work . django bend down over the body of dr.schultz , he take broomhilda 's bill of sale and freedom papers out of he back pocket . he also search for and find schultz 's hide derringer , he keep it in a holster around he ankle . as timmy saddle the horse , he ask ; timmy do you feel bad for you friend ? django rise from the body of he friend . django yeah , " I do . as timmy saddle the horse he say ; timmy I know just how ya feel . I lose a white friend once . he drown in the lake . django do not correct the difference between dr.schultz and a white friend , because there 's nothing he could say to timmy to make he understand . he go over to he pile of clothes , which still lie next to the furnace . he put on he boot . his Green jacket over he bare chest . and finally he hat . ext - the funeral - night the service be over , everybody be hugging each other and hold hand , and beginning to leave . int - billy crash shack - night billy crash be in bed fuck broomhilda . she do not wail , she do not make any whimper sound , but she eye constantly water . as billy 's fuck she he say ; billy crash it 's gonna be real nice ' round here now the 'ol man 's go . ( con 't ) ' sr billy crash ( fuck ) would you stop you galdarn cryin ' ! he stop fuck in frustration broomhilda I can not . billy crash now girl , I be tryin ' to be nice . broomhilda I can not help it ! I be really sad ! he hop off she and yell at she . billy crash well goddamit , you be a nigger ! life be sad for nigger ! git use to it ! ( calming down ) look you know I , hildi . I be a ass buster from way back . but you know I have always be sweet on you . I do not wanna bust you ass . so do not make I ! now I be gonna go shit . you calm down . he exit the shack to go the outhouse , leave broomhilda alone . we move into a close up of broomhilda lie on the bed . she cry for django , she cry for herself ... .then ... she hear a impact SOUND , and a muffled " ooomph " SOUND . and through the space in the wooden plank that act as wall in billy crash 's shack , she see a figure fall to the ground . then she see another figure through the wooden plank move towards the front door . cu broomhilda her face , stain with tear , watch the door . a soft " knock knock " on the door . broomhilda ( softly ) yes ? the voice on the other side of the door , say ; django's voice ( os ) hey Little trouble Maker . 157 she hop out of bed , and throw open the door ... there he be , she run into he arm . ext - the funeral - night the two old slave . grave digger be throw the first shovelful of dirt on monsieur calvin J. candie 's coffin . the participant of this ritual , begin to move away from the grave . the funeral be a private affair , just the candie family unit , some of the overseer , and the slave . no one from town , except the preacher . the slave mourner begin . to move towards they live area , all say goodbye to miss lara . miss lara make a big show of say goodbye to they . a little cognizant of the candie family unit begin the walk off the hill back to the big house . ext - billy crash shack - night django with broomhilda . billy crash lie dead in the b.g. , stonesipher 's Buck knife bury deep in he chest . he hand broomhilda she papers . django here 's you bill of sale , and freedom papers . no matter what happen to I , hold on to this and get out of the south . broomhilda what 's gonna happen to you ? django ai not nuttin ' gonna happen to I honey , I be just sayin' . now go to the stable , little timmy 's get we horse . saddle . you horse be name fritz . he 's a damn fine horse . meet I around the side of the big house . broomhilda but what about you - django - do not worry about I . I will see you , with timmy and the horse , by the big house . he send she on she way . django look up and see the silhouettes of the funeral party walk down hill head back for the big house . ( 60 ext - the trail back to the big house - night the family unit of the late calvin candie and he sister lara Lee walk back to the Big House for a drink . this candie family unit consist of : lara lee ( unarm ) in she black flow funeral dress . cora ( unarm ) she mammy , walk with miss lara , hold she hand . stephen . ( unarm ) dress in he fancy black velvet version of he normal House nigger outfit , walk on the other side of he mistress miss lara , hold she other hand . ace woody ( armed with a gun belt .around he hip ) dress in he Wyatt earp like funeral black suit , with the string tie , walk by himself . leonide moguy ( armed with a gun belt around he hip ) walk by himself . bartholomew ( unarm ) dress in he tight fitting business suit , with he hat , walk alone . brown and jingle bell cody ( both armed with gun on they hip ) both dress slightly like cowboy peacock , walk together . and finally , samson and goldie ( unarm ) calvin candie 's two prize mandingos , wear suit they borrow from bartholomew .. this candie family unit walk to the Big House for a few post funeral drink . they enter the lawn in front of the Big House , and head for the front door . broomhilda on fritz and timmy riding on tony come along the side of the property by some shed . they see the candie family unit , all dress in they darkest finery , walk towards the front step of the Big House . the woman and little boy stop . but the group of enemy be not look they way . the candie family unit move closer towards the front of the Big House ... when ... the front of the Big House explode ! knock the . candie family unit flat on they collective ass . broomhilda and timmy can not believe they eye . i6 I wood - stone - plaster - dirt - dust - glass - smoke - gunpowder hang in the air . the candie family unit start come to they sense . nobody be kill , or even seriously hurt ( unless you count eardrum ) , just stunne . as they mind try and grasp with what just happen , they eye look up from the ground , and try and see through the smoke and dust . the 'smoke and dust thin a little , and we see inside the smoke the mansion have be obliterate , but the Big House front step remain . cue cool music . stephen see something in the smoke , squint . ace woody see something in the smoke , squint . brown and cody see something in the smoke , squint . in the smoke and dust we begin to see a figure , walk towards they . ace woody squint at the figure . moguy see the . figure . cora attend to miss lara see the figure , then miss lara see it . the figure move further out of the smoke and dust . ace woody , on the ground , he hand start to move towards the gun around he waist . then he see the figure . be carry something in he leave hand ... .it 's floyd 's Winchester , he raise it , and point it at Ace . ace woody 's hand move away from he gun . the figure step out of the smoke . it 's django dress in he django outfit . stephen , ace woody , moguy , lara lee , bartholomew , cora , brown and jingle bell cody , sampson or goldie ... nobody can believe django 's stand there . he stand at the top of the front step of the Big House , look down at the candie family unit , all lie on the front lawn , Winchester rifle hold casually in he leave hand . his right hand hold casually by the gun on he hip . the candie family unit all on they ass in the grass , look up at django with a mixture of wonder , fear , and hate . icz we move into a romantic close up of broomhilda as she watch this . as django look out at the ten stunne enemy spread out on the Big House front lawn , . and as they look back from the grass at he . the black man in the cool green jacket say ; django I bet i.know what you be thinkin ' , Ace Woody ? you '.re thinkin ' , why do not I ' cut off that nigger nut when .1 have the 'chance ? right ? ace woody I guess I shoulda ' . django yes you should of . he point the Winchester at the people spread out on the grass . django everybody stand up ! it 's now django who give the order . they stand up quickly . django , with the rifle point at they , just look at the candie family unit . enjoy they collective hatred . then ... he toss the rifle away . then move he right hand by he gun belt in he holster , as he take a showdown stance . everybody realize django 's intention . even broomhilda and timmy . django look down from he position at the top of the Big House step at the ten people , and say ; django all black folk , take ten step away from the white folk . django 's eye go to stephen , who look back at he . django not you Stephen . you be right where you belong . 163 the Black folk , cora , bartholomew , samson , and goldie begin take ten step away from the White folk and the gunfight . lara lee can not believe cora 's leave she . cora be " I be sorry miss lara , but I never do nuttin ' to that nigger . " django look to stephen , and take schultz 's hide derringer out of he pocket . django ( to stephen ) let 's see if you can handle this as well as you can my nut ? he toss the ole man the tiny gun . django ( to everybody ) somebody give miss lara a gun . brown give lara lee one . of he two gun . brown ( to django ) can I at least cock it for she ? django yep . brown cock back the hammer of the peacemaker , and put it in she hand , and point it towards the ground . brown ( to lara Lee ) okay miss lara , keep it point down till the shootin ' start . then bring it up as fast as you can . lara lee candie -fitzwilli can not come to grip with what she 's . in the middle of , who she 's face , what 's in she hand , or what 's about to happen . django ( to the six ) make you play hillbilly . the music swell . 16 ' F everybody , except for lara lee be ready : django ace woody stephen moguy brown cody lara lee the people watch on the side : bartholomew samson broomhilda cora goldie timmy everyone be ready , but no one want to start this party ... till ... ace woody start to go for the gun in he holster , and stephen start to raise he derringer . but it 's no contest . as soon as django see any movement from the six in front of he , floyd 's pistol be quicksilver fast in . he right hand , as he leave hand fanned the pistol Hammer , shoot instantly all five White people ( and Stephen ) stand in front of he . they all fall to grass in different way .. it be never any contest , they and we ( the audience ) just do not know how good django be . flash on django show off he incredible fast draw and accurate marksmanship to dr.schultz . dr.schultz ( smiling ) you know what they be go to call you , my boy ? " the fastest gun in the South . " back to showdown django stand on the top step of what 's leave of ' the Big House , look down at the candie family unit , who all lay dead or die on the candyland front lawn . the witness can not fathom what they ' just witness . /65 all the candie family unit lie on the grass shot . but some be still alive . we hear moaning come from lara lee , cody , and moguy . django see this . the Black man reach behind he and come out with a dynamite stick . he toss it on the grass among the body . he take aim with he pistol ; and fire . it explode . finish off what be leave of the candie family unit , not to mention , blow the limb off of many of they . the lawn be silent . django's pistol go back in its holster . django walk down the front step of the Big House , feel tremendous satisfaction in the wrath he just wroth on candie and Co. he remove dr.schultz 's tiny derringer from Stephen 's dead hand , put it in he pocket . then head over to where broomhilda and timmy wait for he with fritz and tony . as he , walk up to broomhilda on fritz , he say ; django hey Little trouble Maker . broomhilda hey Big trouble Maker . django down , boy . timmy hop off of tony . django climb aboard tony . he say to broomhilda ; django I tole ' you be not nuttin ' gonna happen to I . broomhilda yes you do . django girl , you be gonna hafta start trustin ' I . broomhilda I will keep that in mind . Âº66 django look down to timmy . django thanks for the help , boy . he reach into he saddle bag , and pull out a apple , and toss it down to timmy . django that 's for you . good luck Tim . ( he point to the Northern Sky ) the North star , be that one . he look to broomhilda on fritz . django you gonna hafta keep up , ya know ? broomhilda you will not wait for I . django better not . broomhilda you will not . django ( smiling ) better not . broomhilda ( smiling ) you will not . they kiss . then , astride tony , django leave candyland have rescue he broomhilda from she Mountain , she Ring of hellfire , and all she dragon .