do the right thing by spike Lee second draft March 1 , 1988 ; Brooklyn , n.y . forty acre and a mule filmworks , Inc . ya - dig sho - nuff by any means necessary wga # 45816 " the great miracle Christianity have achieve in America be that the black man in white Christian hand have not grow violent . it be a miracle that 22 million black people have not rise up against they oppressor -- in which they would have be justified by all moral criterion , and even by the democratic tradition ! it be a miracle that a nation of black people have so fervently continue to believe in a turn - the-other - cheek and heaven - for-you - after - you - die philosophy ! it be a miracle that the american Black people have remain a peaceful people , while catch all the century of hell that they have catch , here in white man 's heaven ! the miracle be that the white man 's puppet negro ' leader , ' he preacher and the educate negroes laden with degree , and other who have be allow to wax fat off they black poor brother , have be able to hold the black mass quiet until now . " -- the autobiography of malcolm X title --white on black place Brooklyn , New York CUT to : time present CUT to : weather hot as shit ! CUT to : int : we love radio station storefront--day extreme close up we see only big white tooth and very negroidal ( big ) lip . mister señor love daddy waaaake up ! wake up ! wake up ! wake up ! up ya wake ! up ya wake ! up ya wake ! camera move back slowly to reveal mister señor love daddy , a dj , a radio personality , behind a microphone . mister señor love daddy this be mister señor Love daddy . you voice of choice . the world 's only twelve- hour strongman , here on we love radio , 108 fm . the last on you dial , but the first in ya heart , and that 's the truth , Ruth ! the camera , which be still pulling back , show that mister señor Love daddy be actually sit in a storefront window . the control booth look directly out onto the street . this be we love radio , a modest station with a loyal follow , right in the heart of the neighborhood . the open shot will be a trick shot -- the camera pulling back through the storefront window . mister señor love daddy here I be . be I here ? y'know it . it ya know . this be mister señor Love daddy , do the nasty to ya ear , ya ear to the nasty . I 'se play only da platter that matter , da matter that platter and that 's the truth , Ruth . he hit the cart machine and we hear a station jingle . vo l-o-v-e radio . mister señor love daddy do da ying and yang da flip and flop da hippy and hoppy ( he yodel ) yo da lay he hoo . I have today 's forecast . ( he scream ) hot ! he laugh like a madman . int : da mayor' bedroom --day a old , grizzle man stir in the bed , he sheet be soak with sweat . he fling they off he wet body . da mayor damn , it 's hot . int : jade' apartment--day camera move in on a young man sit at the edge of a sofa bed . close up --his SMALL hand we see he count he money . this be not any ordinary count of money , he 's straighten out all the corner of the bill , arrange they so the bill -- actually the " dead president " -- be face the same way . this be mookie . once he 's finish with that task , count he money , he sneak into he sister 's bedroom . int : jade' bedroom --day close up -- jade jade , mookie 's sister , be fast asleep . mookie 's finger enter the frame and start to play with she lip . jade push he hand away . mookie wait several beat and he continue . jade wake up -- mad . jade do not you have enough sense not to bother people when they be sleep ? mookie wake up ! jade wake up ? Saturday be the lone day I get to sleep late . mookie it 's gonna be hot today . jade good ! leave I alone when I be sleep . I be gonna get a lock on my door , to keep ya ass outta here . mookie do not ya love ya brother mookie anymore ? I love ya , jade . jade do I a favor . go to work . mookie later . gotta get pay . he plant a big fat juicy on he sister 's forehead . ext : sal' famous pizzeria --day a 1975 El dorado pull up in front of the neighborhood pizzeria -- sal 's famous pizzeria . from out of the car come the owner , sal , a slightly overweight man in he early fifty , and he two son , pino , 22 , and vito , 20 . it 's time for they to go to work at sal 's famous pizzeria in the heart of Black Brooklyn . sal 's sit on the corner of the block . the block be where this film on the hot day of the summer take place . pino kick a beer can in he path into the gutter . sal pino , get a broom and sweep out front . pino vito , get a broom and sweep out front . vito see , pop . that 's just what I be talkin ' about . every single time you tell pino to do something , he give it to I . pino he 's nut . sal the both of youse , shaddup . vito tell pino . pino get the broom . vito I be not get shit . sal hey ! watch it . pino I do not want to come to work anyway . I hate this freakin ' place . sal can you do better ? c'mere . pino be now silent . sal walk over to he . sal can you do better ? ( he pop pino upside the head ) I do not think so . this be a respectable business . nuthin ' wrong with it . get that broom . pino tell vito . vito pop ask you . sal I be gonna kill somebody today . ext : mookie' brownstone --day mookie come down he stoop and walk to work . ext : STREET --day the block be beginning to come to life . that unlucky soul who have to work this Saturday drag themselves to it , and the kid be out on the street to play in the hot sun all day long . ext : mother sister' stoop --day mookie stop to say hello to mother sister . she lean out she window on the parlor floor . in the summertime , the only time when she 's not perch in she window be when she 's asleep . mother sister good morning , mookie . mookie good morning to you . mother sister now , mookie , do not work too hard today . the man say it 's gonna be hot as the devil . I do not want ya fall out from the heat . you hear I , son ? mookie I hear ya , mother sister . I hear you . mother sister good . I will be watch ya , son . mother sister always watch . int : sal' famous pizzeria --day mookie enter the pizzeria and pino be on he before the door close . pino mookie , late again . how many time I gotta tell you ? mookie hello , sal. hello , vito . sal how ya doin ' , mookie ? vito whaddup ? mookie just coolin' . pino you be still late . sal pino , relax , will ya . pino here , take the broom . the front need sweeping . mookie wait a minute . wait a minute . I just get here . you sweep . I betcha sal ask you first anyhow . vito that 's right . pino shaddup , vito . mookie fuck that shit . I deliver pizza . that 's what I get pay for . pino you get pay to do what we say . mookie what we say . I do not hear sal say nuthin' . pino look at he father . he want to be back up on this ; all he get be a amused look , and a smirk from vito . pino who 's work for who ? there 's a knock on the door and Da Mayor enter . sal come on in , Mayor . da mayor good morning , gentlemen . it 's gonna be a scorcher today , that 's for sure . need any work do around here ? sal look at pino , who reluctantly give Da Mayor the broom . da mayor it will be the cleanest sidewalk in Brooklyn . clean as the board of Health . Da Mayor almost run out of the pizzeria in he hurry ; soon as he finish he will be able to get a bottle . pino pop , I do not believe this shit . we runnin ' welfare or somethin' ? every day you give that bum -- mookie Da Mayor be not no bum . pino give that bum a dollar for sweeping we sidewalk . what do we pay mookie for ? he do not even work . I work harder than he and I be you own son . mookie who do not work ? let 's see you carry six large pie up six flight of stair . no elevator either and shit . sal both of youse -- shaddup . this be a place of business . vito tell them , pop . pino I and you be gonna have a talk . vito sez who ? pino sez I . sal hey ! what do I say ? mookie who do not work ? do not start no shit , will not be no shit . sal mookie , no cursing in the store . mookie talk to you son . ext : sal' famous pizzeria --day Da Mayor sweep the sidewalk , happy as can be . as soon as he finish he can get that money and get that bottle . ext : stoop --day a group of youth sit on a stoop , wait for someone . they be cee , punchy , and the lone female , ella . ella what 's keep he ? punchy you call he , then . ella stand up and yell . ella yo , Ahmad ! punchy I coulda do that . ella yo , Ahmad ! she look up into he window , then sit down . ella punchy , if ya want to do some more scream , be my guest . I be too through . the door swing open at the top of the stoop and ahmad appear . ahmad who 's yell my name ? ella punchy tell I to . ahmad do not listen to he , it will get ya in trouble . ella Heard that , punchy . Ahmad sit down with they . ahmad ella , you have a brain , use it . in the bg , we hear the dum-dum - dum of a giant box . the sound get louder as the box get closer . the youth look down the block and see a tall young man come towards they . he have a very distinct walk , it 's more like a bop . this be radio raheem . the size of he box be tremendous and one have to think , how do he carry something that big around with he ? it must weigh a ton , and it seem like the sidewalk shake as the rap music blare out . the song we hear be the only one Radio raheem play . medium shot --radio raheem Radio raheem stop in front of the group , look at they , and turn down the volume . it 's quiet again . radio raheem peace , y'all . ella peace , Radio raheem . cee peace . 10 . punchy you the man , Radio raheem . ahmad it 's you world . cee in a big way . Radio raheem nod and turn up the volume . Way up . ahmad my people . my people . ext : we love storefront--day Radio raheem wave to mister señor Love daddy as he walk by . int : we love control booth --day mister señor Love daddy give Radio raheem a clench - fist salute . ext : fruit -n-veg delight --day Da Mayor walk into a newly open fruit and vegetable deli stand that be own by korean . int : fruit -n-veg delight --day Da Mayor be look for he beer in the refrigerate case , he ice- cold beer . da mayor where 's the Bud ? where 's the Bud ? korean clerk no mo ' Bud . you look what we have and buy . da mayor no more Bud . what kind of joint be this ? how come no mo ' Bud ? Doctor , this be not Korea , China , or wherever you come from . get some budweiser in this motherfucker . korean clerk you buy ' nother beer . 11 . da mayor alright . alright . y'know you be ask a lot to make a man change he beer , that 's ask a lot , Doctor . ext : mother sister' stoop --day Da Mayor have he can of beer ( not budweiser ) and the brown paper bag be twisted into a knot at the bottom . he stop and take a long swig . mother sister you ole drunk . what do I tell ya about drink in front of my stoop ? move on , you be block my view . Da Mayor lower the can from he mouth and look up at he heckler . it 's obvious from the look on he face he 's hear this before . Da Mayor contort he face and stare at she . mother sister you ugly enough . do not stare at I . Da Mayor change he face into a more grotesque look . mother sister the evil eye do not work on I . da mayor mother sister , you have be talkin ' ' bout I the last eighteen year . what have I ever do to you ? mother sister you be a drunk fool . da mayor besides that . Da Mayor do not bother nobody . nobody do not bother Da Mayor but you . Da Mayor just mind he business . I love everybody . I even love you . mother sister hold you tongue . you do not have that much love . da mayor one day you will be nice to I . we might both be dead and bury , but you will be nice . at least civil . 12 . Da Mayor tip he beat - up hat to mother sister and take a final swig of beer just for she . int : tina's apartment--day a elderly Puerto rican woman , carmen , be tell off she daughter tina in Spanish . Tina , have hear enough , close the door on she mother 's ranting and rave . angle --tina Tina bend down and scoops she baby son hector up from the bed and hold he for dear life to she breast . she talk to she son while walk around the room . tina hector , I should not be tell you this but you would find out sooner or later . ya father be not no real father . he 's a bum , a two - bit bum in a hundred - dollar world . you father be to the curb . you be smart . I see that look on ya face . you be say if he 's such a bum why be I with he ? good question . like I say before , you be no dummy . he talk he way into my panty , I think be a mother would make I happy , make I whole . he 's a mistake , but you be not . Tina kiss she son . Tina be seventeen year old , another teenage parent . ext : STREET corner --day every day on this corner , summer or winter , spring or fall , a small group of man meet . they have no steady employment , nothing they can speak of ; they do , however , have the gift of gab . this man can talk , talk , and mo ' talk , and when a bottle be go round and they be feel " nice , " they get philosophical . this man become the great thinker of the world , with solution to all its ill ; like drug , the homeless , and aids . they be call the corner Men : sweet dick willie , coconut sid , and ml . all three be sit in fold chair up against a wall in the shade . ml the way I see it , if this hot weather continue , it will surely melt the polar cap and the whole wide world -- the part that be not water already -- will be flood . 13 . coconut sid you a dumb -ass simple motherfucker . where do you read that ? ml do not worry about it . but when it happen and I be in my boat and ya black ass be drown , do not ask I to throw you a lifesaver either . sweet dick willie fool , you be thirty cent away from a quarter . how you gonna get a boat ? ml do not worry about it . sweet dick willie you be raggedy as a roach . you eat the hole out of donut . ml I will be back on my foot . soon enough . sweet dick willie so when be all this ice suppose to melt ? int : sal' famous pizzeria --day customer be in sal 's ; it 's lunchtime and it 's fairly busy . sal put a hot slice down on the counter in front of buggin ' out , a b-boy . sal you pay now or on layaway ? buggin ' out look at the slice . buggin ' out how much ? sal you come in here at least three time a day . you a retard ? a buck fifty . buggin ' out damn , sal , put some more cheese on that motherfucker . 14 . sal extra cheese be two dollar . y'know that . buggin ' out two dollar ! forget it ! buggin ' out slam he money down on the counter , take he slice and sit down . angle--table all around buggin ' out , peer down from the wall of fame , be sign , frame , eight by ten glossy of famous italian Americans . we see Joe dimaggio , Rocky marciano , perry como , Frank Sinatra , luciano pavarotti , liza minnelli , Governor mario cuomo , Al pacino and , of course , how can we forget sylvester stallone as Rocky balboa : the italian stallion , also rambo . close up -- buggin ' out he look at the picture hover above he . buggin ' out mookie . close up --mookie mookie what ? close up -- buggin ' out buggin ' out how come you be not get no brother up ? close up --mookie mookie ask sal . angle --pizzeria buggin ' out sal , how come you be not get no brother up on the wall here ? sal you want brother up on the Wall of Fame , you open up you own business , then you can do what you wanna do . my pizzeria , italian Americans up on the wall . 15 . vito take it easy , pop . sal do not start on I today . buggin ' out sal , that might be fine , you own this , but rarely do I see any italian Americans eat in here . all I have ever see be Black folk . so since we spend much money here , we do have some say . sal you a troublemaker ? pino walk over to buggin ' out . pino you make trouble . buggin ' out put some brother up on this Wall of Fame . we want malcolm X , Angela Davis , Michael Jordan tomorrow . sal come from behind the counter with he louisville slugger mickey mantle model baseball bat . vito be by he side , but mookie intercept they , and take buggin ' out outside . sal do not come back , either . buggin ' out boycott sal 's . boycott sal 's . ext : sal' famous pizzeria --day mookie buggin ' out , I gotta work here . buggin ' out I be cool . I be cool . mookie come back in a week , it will be squash . they give each other five . 16 . int : sal' famous pizzeria --day mookie enter . sal mookie , if you friend can not behave , they be not welcome . mookie I get no say over people . pino you talk to them . mookie people be free to do what they wanna do . sal I know , this be America , but I do not want no trouble . ext : STREET --day mookie walk down the block with pizza box in hand when he see Da Mayor sit on he stoop . da mayor mookie . mookie gotta go . da mayor c'mere , Doctor . mookie turn around and go back . da mayor Doctor , this be Da Mayor talkin' . mookie ok . ok . da mayor Doctor , always try to do the right thing . mookie that 's it ? da mayor that 's it . 17 . mookie I get it . int : tenement build --day mookie be hike up a flight of stair . angle--staircase he put the pizza box down and take a breather . close up --mookie sweat drip off he face . angle --mookie he bend down to pick up the pizza box and tackle the last few flight . close up--doorbell mookie push the buzzer . angle --door a young Puerto rican woman open the door . nilda I hope it 's not cold . mookie hand she the pizza . mookie no , it 's not cold . twelve dollar for the pie . nilda hand he a handful of singles . mookie look at the crumpled mess . nilda attempt to close the door , but mookie 's foot say , " Hell no . " mookie hold it . let I count this first . first he straighten out the dollar , then count the bill . mookie you be short . nilda I count the twelve dollar myself . mookie twelve be right , but no tip . 18 . nilda no tip . mookie look , lady . I carry you pizza up five flight of stair and shit . the cheese do not slide over to one side like it sometimes do with delivery people who do not care . I do care . May I get pay ? nilda look at he and see right away he 's not go anywhere . nilda wait here . mookie I will wait . nilda go into the apartment and we hear she talk in Spanish to a male . angle --mookie mookie bend down to tie he sneaker . angle --door nilda reappear and hold out a lonely lone dollar for he . mookie have she hold it out for awhile , then he take it . mookie gracias mucho . nilda slam the door . mookie a dollar ! cheap bastard ! you pizza be gonna be fuck next time . ext : mother sister' stoop --day jade sit down next to mother sister on the stoop . mother sister jade , you be late . jade I know , mother sister , but I be here now . where 's the stuff ? mother sister hand she a bag that be at she side . 19 . mother sister see you brother , just walk by . jade unwrap a head scarf from around mother sister 's head and a full head of long black hair fall to she shoulder . jade this might take some time . mother sister I get nowhere to go . we have not have a good sit-down for a long while . jade begin to part , grease , and comb out mother sister 's hair . mother sister tender -headed run in my family . you tender-headed ? jade yeah , I too . mother sister that 's why I do not fool with it . only let you touch it ... ouch ! jade sorry , comb get catch . mother sister be gentle , child . mother sister be a old woman . jade how be you hold up in this weather ? mother sister I will do . jade I do not know why you still have not buy a air conditioner . mother sister do not like them . a fan will do . angle --da mayor Da Mayor stand in front of the stoop , he 's smile for day . 20 . da mayor I do not know you have such beautiful hair . angle--stoop mother sister fool , there 's a lot in this world you do not know . close up --da mayor da mayor I be not stop . I be on my way . the Mayor tip he hat and head up the block . angle--stoop jade you be too cruel to Da Mayor , it be not right . mother sister I be not study no Mayor . besides , he remind I of my least favorite people . my tenant and my ex - husband -- goddamn - bless he soul . they both laugh . mother sister number one : I get some jive , late - rent-pay trifling negroes in this house . every year I keep threaten to sell it . jade and move to Long Island ... mother sister and move to Long Island . number two : my ex-husband lose all my property , all my money in he scheme to build a Black business empire . needless to say what happen , this house be it , all I get . I be too through with yar people . close up -- jade jade whew ! 21 . she look up at the white - hot sun . close up --mother sister she do the same . X close up -- the white -hot SUN hot , hotter and hottest montage right now , folk , we be gonna suspend the narrative and show how people be cope with the oppressive heat . people be take cold shower . stick face in ice-cold , water - fill sink . head stick in refrigerator . a wife tell she husband , " Hell no , I be not cooking . it 's too hot . the kitchen be close . " Men down six - pack of ice- cold brew . face stick directly in front of fan . a young kid crack a egg on sal 's cadillac . the moment the egg hit the car hood it start to cook . the kid look directly into the camera and smile , then look up to see sal , mad as a motherfucker , chase after he . and how can I forget the papers , the newspaper headline . New York Post : " a scorcher " New York Daily News : " 2 hot 4 U ? " New York newsday : " oh boy ! bake apple " New York Times : " record heatwave hit CITY " ext : STREET --day close up -- johnny pump pow ! a powerful gush of water fly out right at the camera . Ahmad have just turn on the johnny pump and the white stream of water fly across the street . this attract all the people of the block . it 's a chance to cool off and momentarily beat the killer heat . angle --cee and punchy they both scrape beer can on the sidewalk . 22 . angle--ella she stand with caution away from the fire hydrant . ella do not want to get wet . angle --cee and punchy they be still scraping away . angle--street folk , young and old , begin to get in the water and play . angle --cee and punchy both now have can with the end scrape away , and go to the johnny pump . punchy bend down behind the hydrant and place the can over the water . the can now direct the water into giant stream . angle--ella Ahmad sneak up behind ella and pick she up . she 's kick and scream furiously . ella Ahmad ! put I down ! put I down ! I can not get wet ! I be not play ! Ahmad be not have it . he carry a kick ella into the middle of the street in direct line of fire . ahmad yo ! ella no ! they both be hit with a blast of water and be soak to the bone . ella start to punch Ahmad , and chase after he . angle--street we hear the familiar rap music of Radio raheem 's box . close --radio raheem Radio raheem be too cool . by the way he 's dress , it could be fall , not the hot day of the year . but you could never tell it from he . he 's too cool . close --radio raheem 23 . raheem look at cee , he want to get by and he do not want to get wet either . and if he box get wet , somebody be gonna die . cee know this too . angle --johnny pump cee stand in front of the hydrant , block the water so Radio raheem can pass . angle --radio raheem he slowly bop across the street as all eye watch . when he 's clear , cee move and the water gush out again as folk play . angle--street we hear a car horn blow . people move out of the way as the vehicle speed through the spray . angle --white convertible a older man , charlie , stop he white convertible and blow he horn . charlie I be not play . there 's gonna be trouble if you fuck around . close --cee and punchy punchy go 'head . you get it . you get it . close --charlie charlie this be a expensive car . close --cee cee you will not get wet . angle--hydrant both punchy and cee sit in front of the hydrant once again , block the water . angle --white convertible the car cautiously ease forward . Charlie do not trust cee and punchy at all . 24 . close --charlie charlie I be warning you . close --cee and punchy punchy c'mon . cee hurry up . we be not get all day . angle--street the people all move to the car , for they know what be about to happen . angle--hydrant cee and punchy leap off the hydrant , unleash a jet blast that fly directly into Charlie 's car . the whole block be die . angle--street Charlie pull he flood car over to the curb , jump out , and run to get hold of cee and punchy . of course , he 's slow , as the kid turn into track star and make like Carl Lewis . angle--street Charlie , a wet mess , try to buy some sympathy from the folk ; none be to be buy . charlie I be fuck soak . if I ever catch that fuck they will be sorry . cocksucke sonabitch ! the ranting continue , and people laugh at he . charlie you people make I sick . a cop car screech to a halt in front of the man . two officer , long and ponte , get out . charlie officer , I want a arrest make . now . 25 . officer ponte what happen ? charlie two Black kid soak I and my car . it 's fuck ruin . officer long where be they ? charlie where be they ? what kind of fuck asshole question be that ? they run the fuck away . officer ponte do you wish to file a complaint ? charlie a complaint . I want that fuck lock under the jail . Officer Long go into he car and get a wrench . angle --johnny pump Officer Long turn off the hydrant , then put the cap back on . officer ponte this hydrant better not come back on or there 's gonna be hell to pay . charlie what about my car ? I want justice . Officer Long side up to Da Mayor who 's be look on . officer long you know anything about this ? Da Mayor be quiet . charlie he know . he 's a witness . they all know . he see the whole thing . Officer ponte go to Da Mayor 's other side . officer long who be the punk ? da mayor that who will tell do not know . that who know will not tell . 26 . officer ponte a wise guy . mookie emerge from the crowd and lead Da Mayor away from the interrogation . mookie let 's go , Mayor . officer long keep this hydrant off . you want to swim , go to coney Island . charlie he 's leave ? what about I ? officer ponte I suggest you get in you car quick , before this people start to strip it clean . the man look at the crowd of black and Puerto rican around he and he consider what he just hear . officer long let 's go , break it up . go back to you job . officer ponte what job ? both cop laugh . angle--street Charlie drive away , fume . int : rooftop --day cee and punchy look down from a roof on all the havoc and confusion they have start . both laugh . int : sal' famous pizzeria --day mookie enter . sal mookie , what take you so long ? I get a business to run . mookie run it then . 27 . sal here , this go to the radio station . he give mookie a bag full of food . vito pop , I be gonna go with mookie . sal good , make sure he do not jerk around . pino yeah , hurry back , it 's get crowded . ext : STREET --day vito and mookie walk down the block . vito mister señor Love daddy be cool . mookie ya like he , huh ? vito yeah . mookie y'know , vito , I know pino be ya brother and shit , but the next time he hit ya , the next time he touch ya , you should " house he . " kick he ass . vito I do not know . mookie if you do not make a stand , he 's gonna be beat ya like a egg for the rest of you life . vito that 's what you think ? mookie that 's what I think . vito I do not like to fight . 28 . mookie do it this one time and he will never touch you again . ext : we love radio --day mookie and vito wave at mister señor Love daddy through the storefront window and he buzze they in . omit int : control booth --day mookie and vito very quietly walk in ; the man be on the air . mister señor love daddy people , my stomach 's be grumble but help have arrive . my main man mookie have save the day , straight from sal 's famous pizzeria , down the block . come up to the mike , mookie . mookie go to the mike . mister señor love daddy c'mon , do not be shy . mmm , smell good . this be ya Love daddy talkin ' to ya , starvin ' like marvin . say something , mookie . mookie mister señor Love daddy , I would like to dedicate the next record to my heart , Tina . mister señor love daddy alright . let I play this record while I go to work on my chicken parmigiana hero with extra cheese and extra sauce . he hit the cart machine ... vo I just looove you so much mister señor Love daddy . we love radio , 108 fm . ... then cue up the record . 29 . mister señor love daddy here ya be . ( he hand mookie a twenty - dollar bill ) keep the change . mookie that 's right on time . this be my friend , vito . his pop be sal . mister señor love daddy tell ya father he make the best heros in Brooklyn . vito I will do that . mookie we be outta here . mister señor love daddy thanks for stop by . we love Radio , 108 fm . ext : STREET --day on a stoop , a group of Puerto rican sit talk , drink cerveza frío , and play domino . one of they car be park near the stoop , and blast salsa music . angle --radio raheem as usual we hear the rap music of Radio raheem , but underneath the salsa music . Radio raheem do not like to be best ; the salsa music from the park car be give he competition , this be no good . Radio raheem stand in front of the stoop and raise he decibel level . angle--stoop the Puerto rican man look at he , then begin to yell at he in Spanish . there be a standoff , the rap and salsa clash in a deafen roar . one of the man , stevie , get off the stoop and go to the car . angle --car stevie turn the car radio off . close --radio raheem Radio raheem smile , nod , turn he box to a reasonable listen level , and bop down the block . Radio raheem still the loudest . Radio raheem still the king . 30 . stevie you get it , bro . angle--stoop the man curse in Spanish and shake they head in bewilderment and stevie turn the salsa back on . ext : STREET --day vito and mookie see buggin ' out on they way back to sal 's . mookie you the man . buggin ' out you the man . mookie no , you the man . buggin ' out no . I be just a struggle Black man try to keep my dick hard in a cruel and harsh world . buggin ' out give mookie five and a menace look at vito . mookie vito be down . ext : STREET --day buggin ' out be walk down the block when clifton , a yuppie , accidentally bump into he , step on he new sneaker . close --buggin ' out he look at he sneaker . close --sneaker there be a big black smudge on he new white unlace Air jordan . angle --buggin ' out he run down the block after clifton . buggin ' out yo ! clifton turn around . 31 . buggin ' out yo ! clifton yes ? buggin ' out you almost knock I down . the word be " excuse I . " clifton Excuse I . I be very sorry . buggin ' out not only do you knock I down , you step on my new white Air jordan that I just buy and that 's all you can say , " Excuse I ? " this commotion have attract a crowd , include Ahmad , cee , punchy , and ella . buggin ' out I will fuck you up quick two time . here we go ! buggin ' out who tell you to step on my sneaker ? who tell you to walk on my side of the block ? who tell you to be in my neighborhood ? clifton I own a brownstone on this block . buggin ' out who tell you to buy a brownstone on my block , in my neighborhood on my side of the street ? the crowd like that one and they laugh and egg he on . buggin ' out what do you want to live in a Black neighborhood for ? motherfuck gentrification . clifton I be under the assumption that this be a free country and one can live where he please . 32 . buggin ' out a free country ? awww shit ! why do he get buggin ' start ? buggin ' out I should fuck you up just for that stupid shit alone . buggin ' out look down at he marre Air jordan . the crowd , smell blood , want to see some . ahmad you jordan be dogge . cee you might as well throw them out . punchy they look good before he mess they up . ella you use to be so fine . ahmad how much do you pay for they ? cee a hundred buck . ahmad a hundred buck ! buggin ' out you be lucky the Black man have a loving heart . next time you see I come , cross the street quick . ahmad he 's dissing you . buggin ' out damn , my brand - new jordan . you should buy I another pair . clifton I be gonna leave now . buggin ' out if I be not a righteous Black man you would be in serious trouble . serious . 33 . the crowd give they approval . buggin ' out move back to Connecticut . int : sal' famous pizzeria --day mookie and vito enter the shop . sal I should have vito go with you all the time . pino yeah , no more ninety - minute delivery around the corner . mookie pino , I work hard like everybody in here . vito he 's right . pino c'mere . ( pino smack he brother ) do not get too friendly with da mook . sal that 's gonna be the last time you hit vito . mookie smack he back . pino what ? mookie remember what I say . vito stand freeze in front of he brother . pino be you gonna listen to this mook ? listen to he tell you to smack I ? you only brother ? vito walk away and mookie be disgust . pino I do not think so . 34 . ext : STREET --day officer ponte and Long drive down the block and at the corner they stop , glare at the corner Men . close --officer ponte close --sweet dick willie close --officer long close --coconut sid angle --police car officer ponte what a waste . angle--corner sweet Dick , ml , and coconut sid stare right back at the cop . angle --police car it drive off . angle--corner coconut sid as I be say before we be so rudely interrupt by the finest . ml what be you say ? coconut sid blank . sweet dick willie motherfucker be not say shit . ml look at that . coconut sid look at what ? ml point across the street to the Korean fruit and vegetable stand . ml it 's a fuck shame . sweet dick willie what be ? 35 . ml sweet Dick Willie . sweet dick willie that 's my name . ml do I have to spell it out ? coconut sid make it plain . ml ok , but listen up . I be gonna break it down . sweet dick willie let it be break . ml can ya dig it ? sweet dick willie it 's dig . close --ml ml look at that Korean motherfucker across the street . I betcha they have not be a year off da motherfuck boat before they open up they own place . close --coconut sid coconut sid it 's be about a year . close --ml ml a motherfuck year off the motherfuck boat and get a good business in we neighborhood occupy a building that have be board up for longer than I care to remember and I have be here a long time . close --sweet dick willie sweet dick willie it have be a long time . 36 . close --coconut sid coconut sid how long ? close --ml ml too long ! too long . now for the life of I , I have not be able to figger this out . either dem korean be geniuse or we black be dumb . this be truly a stupefying question and all three be silent . what be the answer ? coconut sid it 's gotta be cuz we be Black . no other explanation , nobody do not want the Black man to be about shit . sweet dick willie Old excuse . ml I will be one happy fool to see we have we own business right here . yes , sir . I would be the first in line to spend the little money I get . sweet Dick Willie get up from he fold chair . sweet dick willie it 's Miller time . let I go give this korean s'more business . ml it 's a motherfuck shame . coconut sid ai not that a bitch . ext : stoop --day Da Mayor sit on he stoop and a kid , eddie , run by . da mayor sonny ! sonny ! Eddie stop . da mayor Doctor , what 's you name ? 37 . eddie Eddie lovell . da mayor how old be you ? eddie ten . da mayor what make sammy run ? eddie my name be Eddie . da mayor what make sammy run ? eddie I say my name be Eddie lovell . da mayor relax , Eddie , I want you to go to the corner store . how much will it cost I ? eddie how would I know how much it 's gonna cost if I do not know what I be buy ? da mayor Eddie , you be too smart for you own britches . listen to I . how much do you want to run to the store for Da Mayor ? eddie fifty cent . da mayor you get a deal . he give Eddie some money . da mayor git I a quart of beer , budweiser , say it 's for you father , if they bother you . Eddie run down the block just as Ahmad , cee , punchy , and ella pass he . 38 . ahmad who tell he he be Da Mayor of this block ? cee he 's self - appoint . ella leave he alone . punchy shut up . da mayor go on now . leave I be . ahmad you walk up and down this block like you own it . cee Da Mayor . punchy you be old . ahmad a old drunk bum . Da Mayor stand up from he seat cushion on the stoop . ahmad what do you have to say ? da mayor what do you know ' bout I ? y'all can not even pee straight . what do you know ? until you have stand in the doorway and hear the hunger of you five child , unable to do a damn thing about it , you do not know shit . you do not know my pain , you do not know I . do not call I a bum , do not call I a drunk , you do not know I , and it 's disrespectful . I know you parent raise you better . the teenager look at Da Mayor . ella he tell you off . Da Mayor sit back down on he seat cushion on he stoop . 39 . int : sal' famous pizzeria --day angle -- pay phone on wall mookie be on the phone . mookie I know I have not see you in four day . I be a work man . tina ( vo ) I work too , but I still make time . mookie Tina , what do you want I to do ? tina ( vo ) I want you to spend some time with I . I want you to try and make this relationship work . if not , I would rather not be bother . mookie alright . alright . I will be over there sometime today . tina ( vo ) when ? mookie before I get off work . tina ( vo ) bring some ice cream , I be burn up . do you love I ? mookie do I love you ? close --sal sal mookie , get offa da phone . close --mookie mookie be off in a second . Tina , I dedicated a record on mister señor Love daddy 's show to you . tina ( vo ) Big deal . 40 . close --sal sal mookie ! how be anybody gonna call in ? close --mookie mookie Big deal ? if that 's not love , I do not know what be . close --pino pino you deaf or what ? close --mookie mookie gotta go . see ya soon . ( he hang up ) everybody happy now ? the phone ring right away and pino pick it up . angle --pino pino sal 's famous pizzeria , yeah , two large pizza , pepperoni and anchovy , hold on ... see , pop , mookie fuck talk on the phone and people be try to call in order . he 's make we lose business . close --sal sal mookie , you be fuck up . pino twenty minute . ( he hang up the phone ) how come you nigger be so stupid ? close --mookie mookie if ya see a nigger here , kick he ass . close --pino 41 . pino fuck you and stay off the phone . close --vito vito forget it , mookie . angle --pizzeria mookie who 's you favorite basketball player ? pino Magic Johnson . mookie and not Larry Bird ? who 's you favorite movie star ? pino Eddie Murphy . mookie be smile now . mookie last question : who 's you favorite rock star ? pino do not answer , because he see the trap he 's already fall into . mookie Barry manilow ? mookie and vito laugh . mookie pino , no joke . c'mon , answer . vito it 's Prince . he 's a Prince freak . pino shut up . the boss ! bruuucce !!!! mookie sound funny to I . as much as you say nigger this and nigger that , all you favorite people be " nigger . " 42 . pino it 's different . Magic , Eddie , Prince be not nigger , I mean , be not Black . I mean , they be Black but not really Black . they be more than Black . it 's different . with each word pino be hang himself even further . mookie pino , I think secretly that you wish you be Black . that 's what I think . vito , what do you say ? pino y'know , I have be listen and read ' bout farrakhan , ya do not know that , do you ? mookie I do not know you could read . pino fuck you . anyway , Minister farrakhan always talk about the so-called " day " when the Black man will rise . " we will one day rule the earth as we do in we glorious past . " you really believe that shit ? mookie it 's e-vit-able . pino keep dream . mookie fuck you , fuck pizza , and fuck Frank Sinatra , too . pino well , fuck you , too , and fuck Michael Jordan . CUT to : racial slur montage the follow will be a quick - cutting montage of racial slur , with different ethnic group point the finger at one another . each person look directly into the camera . close --mookie 43. mookie dago , wop , garlic -breath , guinea , pizza-slinging , spaghetti-bend , Vic damone , perry como , luciano pavarotti , sole mio , nonsinge motherfucker . CUT to : close --pino pino you gold - tooth , gold - chain - wear , fry - chicken - and-biscuit - eatin ' , monkey , ape , baboon , big thigh , fast - run , three - hundred - sixty - degree- basketball - dunking spade moulan yan . CUT to : close --stevie stevie you slant -ey , I -no-speak - american , own every fruit and vegetable stand in New York , reverend Moon , summer Olympic ' 88 , Korean kick -box bastard . CUT to : close --officer long officer long goya bean -eate , fifteen in a car , thirty in a apartment , point shoe , red-wearing , menudo , meka - meka Puerto rican cocksucker . CUT to : close --korean clerk korean clerk it 's cheap , I get a good price for you , Mayor koch , " how I be do , " chocolate - egg -cream-dring , bagel and lox , b'nai b'rith asshole . CUT to : 44 . int : we love radio station control room --day close --mister señor love daddy mister señor love daddy yo! hold up ! time out ! time out ! y'all take a chill . ya need to cool that shit out ... and that 's the truth , Ruth . CUT to : close --white -hot SUN int : sal' famous pizzeria --day mookie pick up he two pizza pie for delivery . mookie sal , can you do I a favor ? sal depend . mookie can you pay I now ? sal can not do . mookie sal , just this once , do I that solid . sal you know you do not get pay till we close tonight . we be still open . mookie I would like to get pay now . sal tonight , when we close . mookie leave . ext : STREET --day mookie walk down the block . the street be fill with kid play . we see stoop ball , double dutch , hand game , bike -ride , skateboard , etc . angle--mookie 45 . Radio raheem approach mookie . mookie whaddup . money ? radio raheem I be go to buy a slice . mookie I will be back after I make this delivery . radio raheem on the rebound . mookie stare at the gold " brass knuckle " ring Radio raheem wear on each hand . spell out across the ring be the word " love " on the right hand and " hate " on the leave hand . mookie that 's the dope . radio raheem I just cop they . let I tell you the story of right -hand -- Left - Hand -- the tale of good and evil . mookie I be listen . radio raheem hate ! he thrust up he leave hand . radio raheem it be with this hand that brother cain iced he brother . love ! he thrust up he right hand . radio raheem see this finger , they lead straight to the soul of man . the right hand . the hand of love ! mookie be buggin' . radio raheem the story of life be this ... he lock he finger and writhes , crack the joint . 46 . radio raheem static ! one hand be always fight the other . Left Hand hate be kick much ass and it look like right Hand Love be finish . hold up . stop the press ! Love be come back , yes , it 's Love . Love have win . Left Hand hate ko'e by Love . mookie do not know what to say , so he do not say anything . radio raheem brother , mookie , if I love you I love you , but if I hate you ... mookie I understand . radio raheem I love you , my brother . mookie I love you , Black . int : sal' famous pizzeria --day Radio raheem enter sal 's with music blaring . radio raheem two slice . sal no service till you turn that shit off . radio raheem two slice . pino turn it off . sal mister Radio raheem , I can not even hear myself think . you be disturbing I and you be disturbing my customer . sal grab he mickey mantle bat from underneath the counter . everyone , sal , vito , pino , Radio raheem , and the customer be poise for something to jump off , static . close --radio raheem 47 . he smile and turn off the beat . radio raheem two slice , extra cheese . close --sal sal put mickey mantle back into its place . sal when you come in sal 's famous pizzeria , no music . no rap , no music . capisce ? understand ?... this be a place of business . extra cheese be two dollar . int : tenement hallway --day mookie hand the pizza over and take the money and count it . mookie thanks . ext : STREET --day mookie walk , say hello to the people he know . ext : stoop --day mookie run up stoop . int : mookie' apartment--day we hear a key in the door , the lock turn and mookie enter . mookie jade . jade ( os ) I be in here . int : jade' bedroom --day jade sit in a chair directly in front of a air conditioner go full blast . jade how come you be not at sal 's ? mookie I be work . 48 . jade be this another one of you patent two-hour lunch ? mookie I just come home to take a quick shower . jade sal 's gonna be mad . mookie later for sal . y'know , sometimes I think you be more concerned with he than I . jade I think no such a thing . sal pay you , you should work . mookie slavery day be over . my name be not kunta kinte . sis , I do not want to argue , stop press I . jade I just do not want you to lose the one job you have be able to keep , that 's all . I be carry you as it be . mookie do not worry ' bout I . I always get pay . jade yeah , then ya should take better care of you responsibility . mookie what responsibility ? jade I do not stutter . take care of you responsibility . y'know exactly what I be talk about . int : bathroom --day mookie turn on the shower and scream ; the water be ice cold . ext : mother sister' stoop --day mother sister sit in she window look out at the block . 49 . ext : da mayor' stoop --day Da Mayor have fall asleep sit on he stoop . his hand loosely hold a brown paper bag that be tightly twisted around a beer can . ext : corner --day sweet Dick , ml , and coconut sid each hold a umbrella for protection from the hot and harsh ray . ext : FIRE escape --day Ahmad , punchy , cee , and ella sit on a fire escape , try to keep still , try to find a cool spot in the shade . no one say a word . int : sal' famous pizzeria --day sal take a seat at one of the table . sal I be beat . pino sit down next to he father . pino pop , I think we should sell this place , get outta here while we be still ahead ... and alive . sal since when do you know what 's best for we ? pino could not we sell this and open up a new one in we own neighborhood ? sal too many pizzeria already there . pino then we could try something else . sal we do not know nuthin ' else . pino I be sick of nigger , it 's a bad neighborhood . I do not like be around they , they be animal . 50 . vito some be ok . pino my friend laugh at I all the time , laugh right in my face , tell I go feed the mouly . sal do you friend put money in you pocket ? pay you rent ? food on ya plate ? pino be quiet . sal I do not think so . pino pop , what else can I say ? I do not wanna be here , they do not want we here . we should stay in we own neighborhood , stay in bensonhurst . sal so what if this be a Black neighborhood , so what if we be a minority . I have never have no trouble with dese people , do not want none either , so do not start none . this be America . sal 's famous pizzeria be here for good . you think you know it all ? well , you do not . I be you father , you better remember that . int : bathroom --day mookie pull the shower curtain back and step out . int : mookie' room --day mookie sit on he bed , still wet . angle --jade jade hurry up and get dress . mookie I be come . jade I be go with you . 51 . buggin ' out boycott montage ext : STREET --day buggin ' out Da Mayor , we need you leadership . da mayor Doctor , what be you talkin ' bout ? buggin ' out I be organize a boycott of sal 's famous pizzeria . da mayor keep walkin ' , Doctor . I do not want to hear none of you foolishness . CUT to : close --corner men ml no ! coconut sid no ! sweet dick willie Hell no ! goddamnit . sal be not never do I no harm . you either . CUT to : close --buggin ' out buggin ' out would you like to sign a petition to boycott sal 's famous pizzeria . CUT to : close --ahmad , cee , punchy , and ella they dog he out ( adlib ) CUT to : close --buggin ' out buggin ' out I will do it without you help . 52 . ext : we love radio --day buggin ' out wave at mister señor Love daddy as he walk by the storefront . int : sal' famous pizzeria --day buggin ' out stick he head in and yell : buggin ' out sal , we be gonna boycott ya fat ass . before sal and he two son can answer , buggin ' out be go . ext : STREET --day buggin ' out have one foot up on a fire hydrant and try to clean he soile Air Jordan . angle --jade and mookie jade and mookie walk up to buggin ' out . buggin ' out it 's so nice to see a family hang out together . mookie we be not hang out . I be be escort back to work . jade that 's not even true . I just want a slice . buggin ' out jade , you do not know this , but I be organize a boycott of sal 's famous pizzeria . jade what do he do this time ? buggin ' out y'know all that picture he have hang on the Wall of Fame ? jade so ? buggin ' out have you notice something about they ? 53. jade no . mookie ( interject ) yo , I be go . jade I will see ya there . buggin ' out peace . mookie leave . buggin ' out every single one of that picture be somebody italian . jade and ? buggin ' out and I -- we -- want some Black people up . jade do you ask sal ? buggin ' out yeah , I ask he . I do not want nobody in there , nobody spend good money in sal 's . he should get no mo ' money from the community till he put some Black face up on that motherfuck wall . jade look at buggin ' out like " be you serious ? " jade buggin ' out , I do not mean to be disrespectful , but you can really direct you energy in a more useful way . buggin ' out so , in other word , you be not down . jade I be down , but for a worthwhile cause . buggin ' out jade , I still love you . 54 . jade I still love you too . int : sal' famous pizzeria --day sal mookie , you be push it . you be really push it . I be not pay you good money to fuck jerk I around . mookie have nothing to say . sal you be gonna be in the street with the rest of you homeboy . pino ' Bout time , pop . angle--door jade enter , and sal look up . he stop blast mookie and a very noticeable change come over he . sal jade , we have be wonder when ya would pay we a visit . jade hi , sal , pino , vito . jade what 's happen , jade ? jade nuthin ' really . how be you treat my brother ? sal the mook ? great . mookie 's a good kid . pino pop , stop lie . sal shaddup ! jade , what can I fix you ? jade what 's good ? 55 . sal everything , but for you I be gonna make up something special . take a seat . there , that 's a clean table . sal move behind the counter and go to work . pino and mookie look at each other in agreement , neither like what he have see . this happen to sal every time jade be in sal 's famous pizzeria . angle--table vito sit down with jade . jade you still let pino push you around ? vito who tell you that ? he do not push I , who tell you , mookie tell you that ? I hold my own . jade forget about it , vito . forget I even bring it up . vito pino pick on I , but I do not let he push I around . mookie tell you that ? jade alright already . ext : rooftop --dusk the once white - hot sun be now turn into a golden orange glaze as it begin to set . Ahmad , cee , punchy , and ella dance on the roof around a box that be turn into we love . each one be try to come up with some new move , a new dance , and a name for it . ext : street--dusk Radio raheem be walk down the block and there be something wrong , something be not quite right . aha ! his music be not loud ; the rap song begin to drag and finally stop altogether . close --radio raheem he look at he box and press the battery level indicator . 56 . close --battery level indicator the needle do not move . his battery have have it . int : fruit -n-veg delight --dusk close --radio raheem radio raheem twenty " D " duracell . close --korean clerk korean clerk twenty " C " duracell . close --radio raheem radio raheem D , not c. close --korean clerk korean clerk C duracell . close --radio raheem radio raheem d! d! D ! you dumb motherfucker . learn how to speak English first . D. Radio raheem point to the D battery behind the counter . close --korean clerk korean clerk how many you say ? close --radio raheem radio raheem twenty ! motherfucker ! twenty ! close --korean clerk korean clerk motherfucker you . Radio raheem have to laugh at that one . 57 . radio raheem motherfucker you . you be alright . you be alright . just gimme my twenty duracell , please . ext : fruit -n-veg delight --dusk Da Mayor be look at a bunch of cut flower when Radio raheem come out with battery in hand -- finally . ext : mother sister' stoop --dusk angle--window mother sister be sit in she window as usual . angle--stoop Da Mayor walk up the stoop with a bunch of fresh - cut flower in a discard wine bottle for a vase . angle --da mayor Da Mayor hold they out for mother sister , who do not acknowledge he at all . da mayor I would think you might like this ... I guess not . Da Mayor take a seat on the stoop and put the flower to he face . da mayor ai not nuthin ' like the smell of fresh flower . do not you agree , miss mother sister ? mother sister do not answer . he put the flower down . da mayor summertime , all ya can smell be the garbage . stink overpower everything , especially soft sweet smell like flower . he look up at mother sister who immediately turn away . da mayor if you do not mind , I be gonna set right here , catch a breeze or two , then be on my way . Da Mayor look up at the set sun . 58 . da mayor thank the Lord , the sun be go down , it 's hot as blaze . yes Jesus . close --sun the sun be a orange and purple glaze . ext : street--dusk Radio raheem be back in action . he 's alive , he 's bad and he get he twenty " D " duracell battery , he box be kick . angle--corner Radio raheem bop by coconut sid , ml , and sweet Dick Willie . close --coconut sid , ml , and sweet dick willie all three shake they head in bewilderment as Radio raheem go by . ml what can you say ? coconut sid I do not know how he do it . sweet Dick Willie get up from he chair and go to the corner , zip down he pants , and urinate . sweet dick willie ml ? ml what ? sweet dick willie ml , hold this for I . sweet Dick Willie and coconut sid laugh . ml that 's ok . at least my mom do not name I sweet Dick Willie . sweet Dick Willie zip up he pants and return to he seat . sweet dick willie why you gotta talk ' bout my mom ? ml nobody talkin ' ' bout ya mom . 59 . sweet dick willie I do not say nobody , I say you . ml sweet Dick , I do not mean it like that . sweet dick willie yes you do . coconut sid squash it . ml I just want to know who name ya sweet Dick Willie ? sweet dick willie it 's just a name . coconut sid and what do ml stand for ? ml ml stand for ml . that 's it . sweet dick willie naw , that 's some stupid shit . now you know how I get that name . ml negroes kill I , always holdin ' onto , talkin ' ' bout they dick . coconut sid I do not know ' bout you , but it 's too hot to fuck . sweet dick willie never too hot , never too cold for fuck . ext : street--dusk a old Puerto rican man ring a bell as he push a cart on wheel . on the side of the cart be hand - lettere helado do coco , and a big block of ice rest on top surround by different color bottle of flavor . angle --cart a group of kid eagerly wait for the ice . the man scrape the block of ice , put the shaving in a paper cup , and drown it with syrup . 60 . angle --da mayor Da Mayor be walk down the street . angle --mister softee truck we hear the familiar tune from the mister softee truck as it come down the street . angle --eddie lovell Eddie , the young kid who earlier run a errand for Da Mayor , look up from the sidewalk where he 's play and run out into the street in pursuit of mister softee . eddie Ice cream . Ice cream . Eddie be run in pursuit of the truck , unaware of the oncoming speed car . angle --da mayor Da Mayor see speed car bear down on Eddie . angle--street Da Mayor run across the street and knock Eddie down , out of the way of the car . both be throw as they be hit by the reckless driver . close --eddie and da mayor Eddie be cry as Da Mayor pick he up . da mayor Doctor , you know better to run out in the street ... stop cry , son . angle--street a crowd gather . da mayor Doctor , there 's nothing to cry about . you be ok . a woman in she twenty , louise , Eddie 's mother , break through the crowd and hug she baby . louise what 's wrong ? 61 . eddie Mayor knock I down . louise you should be ashamed of yourself . da mayor ma'am , the boy be just scared to death . what actually happen be that I be mind my business when I see you son about to be run over . I run into the street to save he and I have to knock he down to keep the both of we from get hit . the crowd agree " that 's the way it happen , " and Louise stand up . louise Eddie , be that the truth ? Eddie be quiet . louise Eddie , you hear I talkin ' to you ? Eddie be still mum . louise I be talkin ' to you , boy . da mayor miss , the boy be fine . whap ! Louise hit Eddie on da butt . Eddie start to dance , as he mother hit hard ; she 's heavy - hand . louise what I tell you ' bout lie ? whop ! louise what do I tell you ' bout play in the street ? whap ! eddie mommy ! mommy ! I be sorry . I be sorry . whop ! 62 . louise get upstairs now . Eddie run away . louise and when you father come home , he 's gonna wear ya little narrow behind out too . da mayor you do not have to hit you son ; he 's scared to death as it be . louise I appreciate ya help my Eddie . I truly do , but I will have nobody question how I raise he , not even he daddy . da mayor you be right . Louise go away , probably to give she son another " whooping . " Da Mayor tip he hat to she . int : sal' famous pizzeria --dusk sal sit at a table talk to jade as she finish she " special " slice . jade sal , that be delicious . sal anytime . vito , pino , and mookie look on , watch sal have the time of he life . jade thanks . jade get up and mookie help she . mookie I will see you out . jade see ya around . sal do not wait too long to come back . 63. ext : sal' famous pizzeria --dusk mookie take jade by the hand and pull she out of view from sal . angle --mookie and jade mookie jade , I do not want you come in here no mo ' . jade stop trip . mookie no , you be trip . do not come in sal 's . alright , read my lip . jade what be you so work up about ? mookie over sal , the way he talk and the way he look at you . jade he 's just be nice . mookie Nice ! jade he 's completely innocent . mookie innocent ! jade I do not stutter . you hear I . mookie you should see the way he look at you . all sal want to do be hide the salami . jade you be too crude . mookie I might be , but you be not welcome here . 64 . jade stop try to play big brother . I be a grow woman . you gotta lotta nerve . mookie , you can hardly pay you rent and you be gonna tell I what to do . come off it . mookie one have nuthin ' to do with the other . jade oh , it do not , huh ! you get you little 250 dollar a week plus tip ... mookie I be get pay ... jade ... peanut . mookie pretty soon I will be make a move . jade I truly hope so . I be tired of support a grow man . int : control booth--dusk close --mister señor love daddy mister señor love daddy as the evening slowly fall upon we live here in Brooklyn , New York , this be ya Love daddy rappin ' to you . right now we be gonna open up the Love line . hello , you be on Love daddy 's Love line . no name , please . let 's keep it anonymous . female voice # 1 ( vo ) hi , mister señor Love daddy . I would kiss you foot every morning , that 's how much I love you . mister señor love daddy how nice of you . female voice # 2 ( vo ) I think you have the sexiest voice in the world . all you have to do be talk . 65 . mister señor love daddy Love line , you be on . female voice # 3 ( vo ) you give I fever . ( she moan ) mister señor love daddy she 's feel it . female voice # 4 ( vo ) Love daddy , I would work in mickey D 's 24 , 7 , and 365 just to call you my own . give you all my money , honey . mister señor love daddy that be the last call for tonight on mister señor Love daddy 's Love line . I love you . you I love . ext : mother sister' stoop -- night Da Mayor be walk by mother sister in she window when she call he . close --mother sister mother sister mister Mayor , I see what you do . angle --da mayor Da Mayor stop and look at she . a smile come to he face ; after eighteen year have he finally break down she defense ? close --mother sister mother sister that be a foolish act , but it be brave . that chile owe you he life . close --da mayor da mayor I be not try to be a hero . I see what be about to happen and I react , do not even think . if I do , I might not have do it in second think . Da Mayor be a old man , have not run that fast in year . ( more ) 66 . da mayor ( cont 'd ) I go from first to home on a bunt single , score the win run , the bottom of the ninth , two out , August 1 , 1939 , snow Hill , Alabama . ( he be warming up now ) maybe I should be heroic more often . close --mother sister mother sister maybe you should not . do not get happy . this change nothing between you and I . you do a good thing and mother sister want to thank you for it . angle--stoop da mayor I thank you . mother sister you be welcome . Da Mayor tip he hat . int : sal' famous pizzeria -- night mookie enter . mookie sal , I do not care if you fire I this exact minute , leave my sister alone . sal mookie , I do not know what you be talk about , plus I do not want to hear it . mookie sal , just do I a favor , leave jade alone . sal here , you gotta delivery . mookie take the pie and look at the address . mookie be this the right name and address ? 67 . sal yeah , do you know them ? mookie no , just check . int : hallway --night mookie ring the bell and a fine Puerto rican sister answer the door . mookie Delivery from sal 's famous pizzeria . tina what take you so long ? be it hot ? mookie hot. hot . tina come in then . int : tina's apartment--night Tina watch mookie watch she . when she 's through watch , she take the pizza from he hand and put it on the floor . mookie grab she and start to kiss . Tina be mookie 's woman , the one he 's be on the phone with earlier . we have hear the voice and now see the person . mookie Tina , you be too slick . tina how else be I go to get you here ? I have not see you in a week . mookie I have be work hard , get pay . tina where 's the ice cream ? the huagen - daz butter pecan ? mookie shit ! I forget . tina you memory be really get bad . mookie I just forget . 68 . tina and I really want some ice cream too . mookie I can run out and get it . tina no ! no ! you will not come back either . mookie I can not be stay long anyway . tina how long then ? mookie Long enough for we to do the nasty . tina that 's out . no ! it 's too hot ! you think I be gonna let you get some , put on you clothes , then run outta here and never see you again in who know when ? mookie a quickie be good every once in a blue moon . tina you a blue-moon fool . mookie then we will do something else . tina what else ? mookie trust I . tina trust you ? because of trust you we have a son . remember you son ? mookie trust I . mookie push Tina back into she bedroom . 69 . int : tina's bedroom --night mookie sit Tina down on she futon bed , turn off the light , and turn on we love radio as mister señor Love daddy serenade they with slow jam . mookie I be gonna take off ya clothes . tina mookie , I tell you already it 's too fuck hot to make love . mookie why you gotta curse ? tina I be sorry , but no rawness be jump off tonight . mookie no rawness . he laugh he sinister laugh . angle --mookie and tina mookie unsnap she bra , then pull she panty off . Tina be naked as a jaybird . mookie Tina , you be sweat . tina of course I be sweat . I be burn up . it 's hot , moron , only a hundred degree in here . mookie lie down , please . he get up . int : tina's kitchen mookie walk into the kitchen and see carmen , Tina 's mother , fix some food on the stove . mookie hello , Mrs. rampolla . carmen stare at he , it 's a look that would definitely stop traffic , she mutter some Spanish and go into she bedroom , slamm the door behind she . 70 . angle--mookie he open the refrigerator and take out all the trays of ice . int : tina's bedroom --night mookie sit down on the bed with a bowl fill with ice cube . close --tina's forehead mookie rub a ice cube on she forehead . tina it 's cold . mookie it 's ' pose to be cold . tina later for you . mookie meda . meda . tina what ? mookie Tina , you do not have a forehead , you get a eight -head . close --tina's neck mookie rub a ice cube on she neck . close --tina's lip mookie rub a ice cube on she full moist lip , then put it in she mouth . mister señor love daddy ( vo ) yes , child , this be the cool out corner . we be slow it down for all the lover in the house . I will be give you all the help you need , musically , that be . close --tina's thighs he rub a ice cube up and down she thigh . mookie ( vo ) thank God for thigh . 71 . close --tina's buttocks he rub a ice cube on she round , firm buttock . mookie ( vo ) thank God for buttock . close --tina's breast he rub a ice cube on she breast . mookie ( vo ) thank God for the right nipple ... thank God for the leave nipple ... both Tina and mookie be die . mookie now have a ice cube on the leave and right nipple and we see before we very own eye both get swollen , red , and erect . tina ( vo ) feel good . mookie ( vo ) yes , yes , Lord . be not this better than haagen - daz butter pecan ice cream ? close --tina's mouth mookie kiss she . mookie I will be back tonight . int : sal' famous pizzeria -- night officer ponte and Long be await they order . sal it 's almost ready . officer long what time you close tonight ? sal ten. sal go over to the oven , take out they food and wrap it up . sal here you go . 72 . officer ponte what do we owe you ? sal nine-fifty . officer ponte here . sal thanks . enjoy . officer long vito , pino , see ya later . the officer leave just as mookie enter . mookie sal , if you want I to deliver any faster , get I a jet rocket or something , cuz I can not run with pizza , all the cheese end up on one side and shit . sal I do not say nuthin' . you must have a guilty conscience . what be you guilty of ? mookie I be not guilty of nuthin' . sal you must be guilty of something or you would have never come in say the thing you say . mookie c'mon , sal . sal where we goin ' ? while sal laugh at he corny joke , pino pull vito into the back . int : storeroom --night pino vito , I want you to listen to I . I be you brother . I may smack you around once in awhile , boss you around , but I be still you brother . 73. vito I know this . pino I love you . vito I be listen . pino good . I want you to listen . vito Jesus Christ on the cross , I say I be listen . pino good. vito , you trust that mook too much . so do pop. vito mookie 's ok . pino you listen to I ? vito stop busting my ball . I say I be listen ten fuck time already . pino mookie be not to be trust . no moulan yan can be trust . the first time you turn you back , boom , a knife right here . ( pino gesture ) in the back . vito how do you know this ? pino I know . vito you really think so ? pino I know so . he , they , they be not to be trust . vito so what do you want I to do ? 74 . pino be on guard . mookie have pop con already , so we have to look out for he . vito I like mookie a lot . pino and that 's exactly what I be talkin ' ' bout . sal ( os ) vito ! pino ! let 's go . pino be right there , pop. listen to what I say . vito you do not listen to I , never have . just run you big fuck mouth always play big brother . you do not listen , but mookie do . hot CITY night montage the block . we've see it at daytime , but now we see it at night . even though the white - hot sun be go , nonetheless the heat be still stifling . and in a peculiar , funny sort of way , it 's worse . you expect it to be hot during the light of day when the sun be beat down on the cement and tar , but at night it should be considerably cooler ; well , not tonight , it 's hot . all the resident of the block : the corner Men , mother sister , Da Mayor , jade , etc. , all the people we've see throughout the day be now cope with the night - time heat , plus it 's humid as shit . everyone be outside , sit on stoops , on car and you know the kid be play , run up and down the block . now it 's the hot night of the year . ext : STREET --night buggin ' out sit down on a car next to Radio raheem ; as usual , he box be blast . buggin ' out how you be ? radio raheem I be . I be live large . buggin ' out be that the only tape you get ? 75 . radio raheem you do not like Public enemy ? it 's the dope shit . buggin ' out I like them , but you do not play anything else . radio raheem I do not like anything else . buggin ' out check this out . y'know sal 's . radio raheem yeah , I know that motherfucker . buggin ' out I be try to organize a boycott of sal 's pizza joint . ya see what I be say ? radio raheem I almost have to yoke he this afternoon . tell I , tell I , Radio raheem , to turn my music down . do not even say please . who the fuck he think he be ? Don corleone and shit . buggin ' out he make all he money off we Black people and I do not see nuthin ' but italian all up in there , sylvester stallone and motherfucker . ya see what I be say , homeboy ? radio raheem talk to I . buggin ' out we should not buy a single slice , spend a single penny in that motherfucker till some people of color be put up in there . radio raheem that 's what I be talkin ' ' bout . that 's what I be talkin ' ' bout . buggin ' out you get my back . 76 . radio raheem ya back be get . buggin ' out my brother . radio raheem my brother . int : sal' famous pizzeria -- night vito , pino and mookie be clean up . mookie sal , it 's almost quit time so please start count my pay . I gotta get pay . sal be look into the cash register . sal we do good business today . we get a good thing go . nothing like a family in business work together . one day the both of you will take over ... and mookie , there will always be a place for you at sal 's famous pizzeria . y'know , it should be sal 's and son famous pizzeria . angle --vito , pino , and mookie all three look at each other . the horror be on they face , with the prospect of work , slave in sal 's and son famous pizzeria , trap for the rest of they life . be this they future ? it 's a frightening think . angle--door Ahmad , cee , punchy , and ella enter . sal we be about to close . ahmad just four slice , regular slice . please . to go ! sal ok , but that 's it . it 's be a long day . mookie go over to the table where Ahmad , cee , punchy , and ella sit . 77 . mookie look , I want you to get you slice , then outta here . no play around . ahmad you get it . mookie good . no joke . we all wanna go home . oh no ! we hear the dum-dum -dum of Radio raheem 's box . as everyone turn they head to the door , buggin ' out and Radio raheem be inside already . we have never hear the rap music as loud as it be now . you have to scream to be hear and that 's what they do . sal what do I tell ya ' bout that noise ? buggin ' out what do I tell ya ' bout dem picture ? sal what da fuck ! be you deaf ? buggin ' out no , be you ? we want some Black people up on the Wall of Fame . sal turn that jungle music off . we be not in Africa . Ahmad , cee , punchy , and ella start to dance while mookie take a seat , the impartial observer that he be . buggin ' out why it gotta be about jungle music and Africa ? sal it 's about turn that shit off and get the fuck outta my pizzeria . pino Radio raheem . radio raheem fuck you . 78 . sal what ever happen to nice music with word you can understand ? radio raheem this be music . my music . vito we be close . buggin ' out you be close alright , till you get some Black people up on that wall . sal grab he mickey mantle bat from underneath the counter and bring it down on Radio raheem 's box , again and again and again . the music stop . close --radio raheem BOX Radio raheem 's pride and joy be smashed to smithereen . it 's go to the junkyard quick . angle --pizzeria there be a eerie quiet as everyone be freeze , surprised by the suddenness of sal 's action , the swing of he mickey mantle bat . all look at Radio raheem and realize what be about to happen . angle --radio raheem Radio raheem scream , he go crazy . radio raheem my music ! Radio raheem pick sal up from behind the counter and start to choke he ass . Radio raheem 's prize possession -- he box , the only thing he own of value -- he box , the one thing that give he any sense of worth -- have be smashed to bit . ( Radio raheem , like many Black youth , be the victim of materialism and a misplace sense of value . ) now he do not give a fuck anymore . he 's gonna make sal pay with he life . vito and pino jump on Radio raheem , who only tighten he grip around sal 's neck . buggin ' out try to help he friend . mookie just stand and watch as Ahmad , cee , punchy , and ella cheerlead . 79 . ext : sal' famous pizzeria -- night the tangle mass of choke , bite , kick , scream confusion fly through the door of sal 's out onto the sidewalk . close --eddie the kid yell : eddie fight ! fight ! CUT to : close --da mayor he look up . CUT to : close --mother sister she look up . CUT to : close --sweet dick willie he also look up . angle--street the people on the block run to sal 's famous pizzeria to see the static . angle --sal's famous pizzeria Radio raheem , buggin ' out , sal , vito , and pino be still entangle , roll around on the sidewalk , but now before a entertained crowd of onlooker : angle --da mayor da mayor break it up . this be crazy . the fight continue . Da Mayor be smart enough not to get in the middle of this war . we hear siren , somebody have call da cop . angle--street 80 . the cop car come right through the crowd , almost run over some people . the cop get out with nightstick and gun draw . we recognize two of the face , officer Long and ponte . any time there be a skirmish between a Black man and a white man , you can bet the house on who the cope be gonna go for . you know the deal ! buggin ' out be pull off first , then vito and pino , but Radio raheem be a craze man . it take all six cop to pull he off sal , who be red as a bett from be choke . angle --cop handcuffs be put on buggin ' out as he watch the other cop put a choke hold on Radio raheem to restrain he . angle --radio raheem Radio raheem be still struggle , then he just stop , he body go limp and he fall to the sidewalk like a fifty - pound bag of Idaho potato . angle--street officer Long and ponte kick he . officer long get up ! get up ! Radio raheem just lie there like a bump on a log . angle--crowd the crowd stare at Radio raheem 's still body . he 's unconscious or dead . close --officer long officer long quit fake . angle--street the officer all look at each other . they know , they know exactly what they have do . the infamous Michael Stewart choke hold . officer ponte let 's get he outta here . the officer pick up Radio raheem 's limp body and throw he into the back seat . buggin ' out be push into another car . the cop car speed off ; in they haste to beat it , they have leave the crowd . it 's at this point the crowd become a angry mob . 81 . angle --mob the mob look at ... angle --mob Pov sal still on the sidewalk , be help to he foot by vito and pino , who be in bad shape themselves . angle --mob the mood / tone of the mob be get ugly . once again they have see one of they own kill before they eye at the hand of the cop . we hear the murmur of the folk go through the crowd . voice of mob they kill he they kill radio raheem it's murder did it again just like they did michael stewart murder eleanor bumper murder it's not safe not even in our own neighborhood it's not safe never be never will be the cop , in they haste to get Radio raheem out of there , have leave a angry mob of Black folk with a defenseless sal , vito , and pino . the mob look at they . voice of mob won't stand for it the last time fuckin ' cop the last time it's plain as day didn't have to kill the boy high angle mookie look at the crowd and notice he 's on the wrong side . he leave sal and he two son . angle--street Da Mayor walk in front of the crowd . 82. da mayor good people , let 's all go home . somebody 's gonna get hurt . crowd ( os ) yeah , you ! da mayor if we do not stop this now , we will all regret it . sal and he two boy have nothing to do with what the police do . crowd ( os ) get out of the way , old man . you a Tom anyway . da mayor let them be . angle--street mookie pick up a garbage can and dump it out into the street . he walk through the crowd , up to Da Mayor , sal , vito , and pino . close --mookie he scream . mookie hate !!!! slow motion mookie hurl the garbage can through the plate glass window of sal 's famous pizzeria . that 's it . all hell break loose . the dam have be unplugge , break . the rage of a people have be unleash , a fury . a lone garbage can throw through the air have release a tidal wave of frustration . angle--street Da Mayor push sal , vito , and pino out of the way as the mob storm into sal 's famous pizzeria . int : sal' famous pizzeria -- night the people rush into sal 's famous pizzeria , tear it up . close --cash register the cash register be open . we see only coin , sal have the paper . 83. ext : da mayor' stoop -- night Da Mayor lead sal , vito , and pino back to he stoop where they watch in horror . sal there it go . why ? da mayor you be there . first white folk they see . you be there . pino fuckin ' nigger . int : sal' famous pizzeria -- night someone light a match . whooosh ! ext : sal' famous pizzeria -- night sal 's famous pizzeria be go up in flame and now it 's a carnival . mother sister burn it down . burn it down . one might have think that the elder -- who through the year have be break down , whipped , they spirit crush , beat into submission -- would be docile , strictly onlooker . that 's not true except for Da Mayor . the rest of the elder be right up in it with the young people . int : sal' famous pizzeria -- night close --photos on wall of fame the photo of famous italian - Americans be burn . ext : fruit -n-veg delight --night the mob now move across the street in front of the Korean fruit and vegetable stand . sweet Dick Willie , coconut sid , and ml stand at the head of the mob . ml it 's you turn . close --korean clerk he 's scared to death , as the mob be poise to tear he place up too . the clerk wildly swing a broom to hold they off . 84 . korean clerk I no white . I no white . I Black . I Black . I Black . close --ml ml I Black . I Black . the mob start to laugh ; they feel for he . angle --mob sweet dick willie Korea man be ok . let 's leave he alone . ml him no white . him no white . coconut sid him Black . him Black . ext : da mayor' stoop -- night sal , vito , and pino look on as sal 's famous pizzeria go up in smoke . dissolve to : close --vito dissolve to : close --pino dissolve to : close --sal ext : STREET --night angle--street jade be run through the mob , look for she brother . jade mookie ! mookie ! angle--mookie mookie be run around with the rest of the mob . angle--street 85 . the wail of fire truck and police siren be now add to the night . ext : sal' famous pizzeria -- night the mob move back to in front of sal 's as the fire truck and police , in full riot gear , pull up in the street behind they . police loudspeaker ( vo ) good people . please disperse . please disperse . the firemen rush to hook up they hose , the police force themselves between the crowd and the burn sal 's famous pizzeria . police loudspeaker ( vo ) please disperse ! please disperse ! the mob do not listen , they will not be move . the mob will not be move until they see sal 's famous pizzeria burn to the ground . angle --sal's famous pizzeria the firemen douse the pizzeria , try desperately to stop the fire from spread into the adjoin building . police loudspeaker ( vo ) good people , we be give you one more warning . please go back home . close --mookie mookie this be we home . close --mother sister mother sister this be we neighborhood . angle --mob it will take force to move this mass of people . police loudspeaker ( vo ) you have have you warning ! pow ! the hose be turn on the mob . 86 . we see mookie , mother sister , sweet Dick Willie , ml , coconut sid , jade , Ahmad , cee , punchy , and ella , etc. , go down before the powerful blast of the firehouse . now we have come full circle . we be back to Montgomery or Birmingham , Alabama . the only thing miss be sheriff bull connor and the german shepherd . it would take force to move they and that 's exactly what the mob get . people be try to hold on to each other , car , railing , anything to keep from be sweep away . ext : da mayor' stoop -- night Da Mayor , sal , vito , and pino watch in disbelief . it 's unbelievable what be happen before they eye . CUT to : the STREET --night there Pov people be scream , kid and woman be not be spare from the brute force of the firehose either . ext : we love storefront--night we see the reflection of the fire in the storefront window as mister señor Love daddy look on . ext : STREET --night angle --jade and mother sister jade and mother sister try to hold on to a streetlamp as a gush of water hit they ; they grip loosen , the water be too powerful , and they slide away down the block and Da Mayor run after they . int : sal' famous pizzeria -- night close --photos some burnt photo on the floor . close --mickey mantle bat the mickey mantle bat burn . close --radio raheem BOX Radio raheem 's box have melt into a black mass of goo . closer --radio raheem BOX 87 . as we move in tighter on the melt box , we begin to hear the rap song that we have hear throughout . all other sound drop as the rap song get louder and louder until it 's deafen . angle--smiley smiley sit up from where he hide during the burn and looting of sal 's famous pizzeria . smiley look around and go directly to the smolder Wall of Fame . he stand there . smiley pin one of he malcolm X / Martin luther King , Jr. , card to the Wall of Fame . close --photo close --smiley we're on smiley 's face and a smile slowly travel across . it 's the first time smiley have smile in year and nobody be there to see this event . fade to black the morning after fade in : ext : the STREET -- to int : radio station storefront--day the camera , from high above , crane down on the block . the sidewalk be desert , break glass be everywhere , and it look exactly as how one expect it to look , the morning after a uprising . the camera now move in on the we love storefront where mister señor Love daddy be in he familiar place behind the mike . mister señor love daddy my people . my people . what can I say ? say what I can . I see it but I do not believe it . I do not believe it what I see . be we gonna live together ? together be we gonna live ? this be ya mister señor Love daddy here on we love radio , 108 fm on you dial , and that 's the truth , Ruth . close --mister señor love daddy 88. mister señor love daddy today 's weather . ( he yell ) hot ! closer --mister señor love daddy he scream : mister señor love daddy wake up ! CUT to : int : tina's bedroom --day mookie jump out of she bed ; Tina sleep by he side and they son hector be between they . mister señor love daddy ( vo ) wake up ! mookie fuck ! my money ! tina where be you go ? mookie to get my money . tina mookie , you must think I be stupid or something . you be gonna run outta here and I will not see you black ass for another week . mookie Tina , it 's not like that . mookie be put on he clothes . tina you do not care about I and you definately do not care ' bout you son . mookie Tina , I will be right back . tina be a man . mookie I be a man . 89 . tina Act like one then . be a man . mookie later . tina you be to the curb . you better step off . get a life . mookie leave . mother sister' bedroom --day Da Mayor wake up in mother sister 's big brass bed ( she be bear in it ) . at first he have no idea where he 's at , then see mother sister sit down across the room smile at he . mother sister good morning . da mayor be it a good morning ? mother sister yes indeed . you almost get yourself kill last night . da mayor I have do that before . Da Mayor get up out of she big brass bed . da mayor where do you sleep ? mother sister I do not . da mayor I hope the block be still stand . mother sister we be still stand . Da Mayor and mother sister both look out the parlor window to see the block and mookie . ext : sal' famous pizzeria --day mookie walk up to sal 's famous pizzeria as it still smoulder in the morning light . sal emerge from the wreckage ; he look like he might have sleep there . 90 . sal whatdafuck do you want ? mookie I want my money . I want to get pay . sal look at mookie in disbelief . sal mookie , I always like you . not the smartest kid , but you be honest . do not make I dislike you . mookie sal , I want my money . sal do not even ask about you money . you money would not even pay for that window you smashed . mookie motherfuck a window , Radio raheem be dead . sal you be right , a kid be dead , but mook , this be not the time . mookie fuck that . the time be fuckin ' now . y'know I be sorry ' bout sal 's famous pizzeria , but I gotta live , too . I gotta get pay . sal we both do . mookie we all know you be gonna get over with the insurance money anyway ! ya know da deal . sal do we now ? mookie quit bullshit . sal you do not know shit about shit . 91 . mookie I know I want to get my money . sal have have it . sal how much ? how much do I owe you ? mookie my salary . two-fifty . sal pull out a wad and quickly peel off hundred dollar bill . sal one , two , three , four , five . sal throw the " C " note at mookie , they hit he in the chest and fall to the sidewalk . sal be you happy now ? that 's five fuck hundred dollar . you just get pay . mookie , you be a rich man , now ya life be set , you will never have another worry , a care in the world . mookie , ya wealthy , a fuckin' rockefeller . mookie be stunne by sal 's outburst . he pick up the bill . sal ya just get pay , so leave I the fuck alone . mookie you only pay I two - fifty a week . ( he throw two " C " note back at he ) I owe you fifty buck . sal keep it . mookie you keep it . sal Christmas come early . both look at the two hundred - dollar bill on the sidewalk and refuse to pick they up . it 's a stalemate . 92 . mookie this be the hot Christmas I have know . mookie count he money . sal it 's suppose to be even hotter today . mookie you gonna open up another sal 's famous pizzeria ? sal no . what be you gonna do ? mookie make that money . get pay . sal yeah !... I be goin ' to the beach for the first day in fifteen year . gonna take the day off and go to the beach . mookie I can dig it . it 's gonna be hot as a motherfucker . sal mookie ? mookie gotta go . sal c'mere , Doctor . mookie turn around and go back . sal Doctor , this be sal talkin' . mookie ok . ok . sal Doctor , always try to do the right thing . mookie that 's it ? 93. sal that 's it . mookie think about it , look at the two " C " note still smile up at he . he quickly scoops they up . mookie I get it . ext : STREET --day high angle as mookie turn and walk away , sal go back into sal 's famous pizzeria to salvage what be salvageable , and the block begin to awake from its slumber , ready to deal once again with the heat of the hot day of the year . fade out . roll credit .