doctor sleep by Mike flanagan base on the novel by Stephen King 04/26/18 ext . campsite - afternoon a lush campsite , in the wood . a smatter of rv 's and camper , a few tent , space out from each other for privacy . legend : 1980 violet ( 7 ) step out of a small camper , head away as she mother lean out of the door . violet 's mother where be you go , violet ? violet just to pick some flower ! violet 's mother do not wander too far ! ext . campsite , wooded path - moment later violet move down the path , stop to look at some wild flowers grow beside she . she glance up , see several rv 's and motor home in a cluster , just visible off the path . we do not know it yet , but this belong to the true knot . unaware of they danger , violet head further down the path . ext . campsite , stream - later violet emerge into a clear on the bank of a quiet , pristine river . sunlight reflect off the water , lovely wildflower grow by the bank ... she 's startle to see a woman sit by the water , almost hide by the overgrowth . holding a fistful of flowers , throw pedal into the stream as she sing ... rose my wild irish Rose / the sweetest flower that grow / you may search everywhere / but none can compare with my wild irish Rose ... she be beautiful , dress in flow , strange clothes and a black top hat . she be rose the hat ( look 30' , but be so , so much older ) . she turn to violet , smile sweetly . rose ( cont 'd ) well hi there . 2. violet stare at Rose 's flower . brighter , more colorful than the wildflower she 's find ... violet where do you find that ? rose oh , this ? I know all the secret place . you want one ? violet do not answer . Studies Rose 's face . she have a sweet demeanor , a kind , earnest smile ... rose ( cont 'd ) oh ... you be wonder why I be wear such a funny hat . well I will tell you . I always wear this hat . so much it 's part of my name now . my friend , my very best friend , they just call I '' Rose the hat . '' you can call I that , now that we be friend . violet I like it . it look like a magician 's hat . rose it be ! it 's a magic hat , wanna see ? Rose remove she hat . violet watch , she wariness fade . rose ( cont 'd ) take a look . nothing in my hat , nothing up my sleeve ... violet step forward again , so that she can see inside the hat . it 's empty . Rose turn it over , shaking it for effect . a snapping branch draw violet 's attention . she turn , see a man lurking at the edge of the wood . staring at her . he be crow ( 40' , dress in dirty clothes . ) perfectly still . rose ( cont 'd ) do not worry , he 's my friend . you be miss the trick ! reach inside . violet hesitates ... and then reach she hand out , into the hat ... pull up a handful of beautiful flowers . violet wow ... they be so pretty -- rose because they be special . speak of special ... you be a little magic too , be not you . Rose reach into the hat , she hand disappear from view . rose ( cont 'd ) the flower in my hand . what color be it ? ( off violet 's hesitation ) it 's okay , honey . you will not scare I . I be not like mom and dad . violet purple . Rose smile , lift up a gorgeous purple flower . another snapping TWIG , and violet look . there be more people now , stand at the periphery of the wood . rose violet . like you . she turn . she do not remember tell Rose she name ... Rose turn over the hat , and flowers pour out of it onto the ground . violet 's eye light up . she stoops , pick up a few of they . Rose do the same -- and eat a flower , right off the stem . violet you do not eat flower ! rose oh , but you do . violet but this be special . rose the special one taste best . more snap , and violet turn to see six people , member of the true knot , watch from all around they . flanking she . they be crow , barry the chunk ( 40' , heavy ) , grampa flick ( ancient ) , apron annie ( 30' ) and silent sarey ( 50' ) . violet I should get back to my mom ... she start to pull away , but can ’t . she look down : rose 's hand grip her forearm . tight . rose stay a while . see more magic . violet start to pull against Rose 's grip , but it be vice - like . behind she , the true knot advance on her . silent . they movement strange , inhuman - close in on all side ... rose ( cont 'd ) you be a special little thing , be not you . she squeeze violet 's arm as the pale face speed up , barrel toward she silently . Rose 's fingernails draw blood on the girl 's forearm . and Rose be still smiling . ext . campsite - later violet 's mother walk up the path , a little concerned . violet 's mother vi? violet ! silence . she glance down at the wildflower grow by the path , frown to herself . behind she , we see the true knot 's rvas drive away . she barely glance at they . violet 's mother ( cont ’d ) ( panic grow ) vil violet ! violet ! as she panic grow , the small group of rv 's exit the campground unnotice as she head deeper in the wood , call for a daughter that will not answer . CUT to : ext . overlook HOTEL - night snow . snow as far as we can see , so bright in the moonlight it almost seem to be give off its own light . the camera float above it , tilting up to reveal : the overlook HOTEL . half -bury in the snowfall . int . overlook HOTEL , corridor - night the camera follow a boy on a tricycle . we recognize he immediately ... young danny torrance ( 5 ) riding he tricycle down the familiar hallway . turn corner , move fast . 5 . he come to a stop in front of a specific room . room 217 . we gradually realize why he stop , and why he stare ... the doorknob be turning . sooooo slowly ... as he watch , the door creep OPEN , revealing abyssal darkness within . and then , just as slowly , a figure start to materialize in the inky blackness ... a grotesque woman , naked , GREEN with rot , dripping wet , just barely stepping out of the dark when -- int . danny 's bedroom , florida - night -- danny's eye fly OPEN . he bolt up in bed , gasp from the nightmare . cover with sweat , he dream still fresh . he catch he breath , and quietly climb out of bed . int . condo hallway - moment later a door , the name '' danny '' display in construction paper , open as Danny step into the small condominium . he head toward the bathroom at the end of the hall . the door be close as he approach , and he slow down . surprise to see it close ... he step toward the door , cautious . listen . and then , faintly ... we hear a SOUND through the door . a quiet slosh of water ... like someone shifting in a bathtub . Danny hesitates . afraid to open the door , but tell himself that he 's be silly -- it 's all in he head ... he slowly turn the knob , and open the door , revealing : a woman , in the tub , sitting in the dark . lit only by moonlight . obscure by the shower curtain . she slowly reach up , pull the curtain back . we know who she be : mrs . massey . the woman in the tub . her skin green and bloat , she hand purple with coagulate blood . her eye dead and white , like a fish 's belly . we can almost smell the putrid rot as she grins at danny -- the filthy water sloshes as she slowly stand , naked , she body waterlogged and rotting . a purple foot lift from the water , stepping onto the bathmat . Danny 's bladder lets go , a puddle form at he foot . she lumber toward he as Danny close the door , step back into the hall . 6 . he stare , wide - eye and terrify as a shadow appear under the door . filthy water leaking out as the doorknob slowly turn . left , then right . Danny cover he eye , try to will it away , even as he hear dead fingernails scratching on the door -- a hand fall onto he shoulder , and he spin , scream -— into the face of wendy torrance ( 30' , exhaust . ) wendy hey ! hey ! it 's okay , it 's okay ... he run into she arm , she hold he , alarmed and perplex . int . danny's bedroom - moment later Wendy pull a fresh pair of pajama bottom onto Danny . wendy there , all dry . what happen ? Danny do not answer . just stare ahead , catatonic . wendy ( cont ’d ) Danny , you have to talk to I . you have not talk since we leave that ... place . please , doc. please . int . condo hallway - moment later Wendy step down the hall slowly , toward the bathroom door . steeling herself . summon a familiar courage -- a courage she learn at the overlook . she reach the doorknob , and only hesitates a moment before open the door and turn on the light . the room be empty . nothing in the tub , nothing out of the ordinary . she exhales . she 's about to leave , hand on the light switch , when she see -- two shape on the bathmat . wet depression . footprint . CUT to : ext . marina , florida - day Danny sit on a bench , look out at the marina . exhausted . dick ( 0.s. ) so you be not talkin’ , huh Doc ? reveal dick hallorann ( late 50 's , black ) sit beside he . dick ( cont 'd ) be not talk much first time I meet you , neither . Little boy , set to spend a long winter at that rotten old place , just he and he mommy and daddy -- daddy 's dark as that boy be bright and boy , be he bright -- he 's shine like fire in the one place - the worst place - for a boy who shine . ( beat ) you remember the first time we really talk ? when I speak up inside you head ? Danny nod . Dick smile . and then , Dick keep talk ... but he mouth do not move . he speak in danny'a mind . dick ( v.o. ) make you feel good , right ? know you be not alone ? danny daddy try to kill I . Dick notice that Danny use he '' outside '' voice , and follow suit . no longer talk in he head . dick it be not all he , you gotta know . that place feed he dark , like it feed on you light . and he have some light in he , too . just like you get some dark . we all get both -- danny it 's not do with I . dick it ever strike you funny , how I show up when I do ? when you need I ? someone do that for I too . my gramma teach I and I try to teach you and some day , Danny torrance , you will teach someone else - danny I will not . dick oh you will not , huh . danny I will not shine , I mean . no more . it 's dangerous . dick reckon it be , sometimes . danny she find I . she 'il come back and come back until she get I . dick you be right . overlook 's condemn . board up . they be starve old ghost and they be reach out for you . wo not stop with she , either . danny picture in a book . you say they be just picture in a book , and they could not hurt I . dick think they be . danny but they be not . they be real . dick some thing , dark thing , the shine 's like food . they be mosquito , landing for blood . ( beat ) the overlook , it be always just picture to I , but I do not shine like you . nobody shine like you . so you , in that damn hotel ... you be like a million - watt battery , all plugge in , and it eat it up . you make it real , start soon as you walk through the door . dick ( cont 'd ) can not do nothin’ about that , I be sorry to tell you but you be not a child , you be older now , much older in a way , and you gotta hear this . World 's a hungry place and the darkest thing be the hungriest and they will eat what shine . swarm it . like mosquito , or leech . ( more ) dick ( cont 'd ) can not do nothing ' bout that . what you can do be turn what they come for against they . Danny look up at Dick . his old eye be sad , weary . dick ( cont 'd ) my grandfather , he be a mean sonofabitch . Dark inside , same type of dark as you dad . beat I senseless , and my gramma too , and when he die I dance but he keep on comin’ back . stand in my room , suit all grey and stinking , from whatever mold be grow on he in that box . one day he grab I and he be real . his nail be overgrown , grow long in the grave and they cut I , Doc . cut I deep . and gramma ... she teach I a trick . gave I a present . he reach into he coat , and remove a SMALL metal lockbox . very old , rusted . and , a key . on a chain . dick ( cont 'd ) I want you to know this box . Inside and out . do not just look at it ; touch it . stick you nose inside and see if there 's a smell . know every corner . every single thing . danny why ? dick because you be gonna build one just like it in you mind . one even more special . so next time that bitch come ' round , you will be ready . ( beat ) let 's get you back to momma . Wendy 'il worry and she should not have to worry another day in she life ; that woman 's pay that debt . they stand from the bench , walk back toward the shop . further out , Wendy be look wildly around as she spot Danny approach . she rush toward he , relieved ... we realize danny be walking alone . dick be gone . wendy there you be ! where do you go ??? 10 . she hug he as we pan off of they , rest on a tatter missing poster on a light post ... a poster of violet 's face . CUT to : int . condo , live room - another night Danny and Wendy sit on the couch , snuggling as they watch a bug bunny cartoon . Wendy laugh at the show , Danny smile . content . better . and then , he look up . toward the hallway . danny I have to pee . he hop up , and Wendy watch he go . a little concerned ... int . condo hallway - moment later Danny turn the corner . look at the bathroom door . it 's slightly OPEN ... and he see what he know he have see . mrs . massey , in the tub , barely visible through the door . he take a breath , and walk toward the bathroom . as he near , she sit up , grinning with her rotten teeth . Danny step into the door as she climb to her feet , filth and water drip from she . danny hi Mrs. massey . ( beat ) I bring you a present . he close the door , we pull back . slow . after a few beat ... mrs. massey scream . int . condo , live room - moment later Wendy look up as Danny return . calm , casual . wendy you okay , Doc ? danny yeah , mom . I be okay . he climb onto the couch , rest he head on he mother 's shoulder . she can tell ... he’s okay . truly okay . and for the first time in a long time , Danny smile . CUT to : 11 . int . deenie 's bedroom - morning dan torrance ( mid 20 's now ) awake with a start . pale , sweaty . his face bruise and swollen , fight through one of the worst ( and last ) hangover of he life . legend : 2000 he 's in a filthy apartment , a dirty mattress on a dirty floor . he cough , dry-heave as he hold he throbbing head . he roll over , and stop as he see -- deenie ( early 20' , frail and sickly ) asleep next to he . also naked . he stare , try to remember -- int . dive bar - the previous night blurry flash . hazy memory . Dan , down a shot of whiskey . and another . deenie , hold onto he while he shoot pool . deenie ( slurring ) what 's you name again , cutey ... int . deenie' bedroom - continuous Dan stare at she . there 's vomit next to she mouth , stain she pillow . as the sight and smell hit he -- int . deenie 's bathroom - moment later Dan puke into the toilet , spitting out a vile mix of bile and whiskey . fumble for the handle , barely manage a flush . he throws water on he face , look up in the mirror and seeing the cut and bruise . one eye almost swollen shut . he reach up , perplex . touch the wound ... int . dive bar - the previous night -- more whiskey . a large man try to pull deenie away from he . Dan , get in the man 's face . a punch that land Dan on the ground . spit out blood , get to he foot - a familiar darkness in he eye . -- a hand , grab a billiard ball . Dan , smashing the ball into the man 's head . straddle he now , as other scramble to break up the fight . Dan 's hand , smash the ball into the man 's head again . and again . and again . 12 . dan ( between blow ) you gonna take - you - medicine -- int . deenie' bedroom - moment later Dan stumble , catch himself on the dresser . look down at he bloody , bruise knuckle . he hand swollen . dan oh god ... he look back at the sleep girl , and then at the white powder , still arranged in sloppy line , on the nightstand beside she . next to the empty whiskey bottle . int . deenie 's bedroom - the previous night Dan pull hard from the whiskey , wincing as deenie snort a line of coke from the nightstand . deenie Holy shit , I think you kill he . what if you kill he . I hope you kill he . I hope you kill he , you hear I ? deenie , straddling he now . deenie ( cont 'd ) lemme kiss it better . she kiss he , hard , push he back onto the mattress . int . deenie 's live room - moment later Dan stumble out , pull he clothes on . look at the blood on he shirt . not all of it he ... and then he realize something . he pull out he wallet ... no cash . dig through he pocket . nothing . dan fuck. fuck ... he turn he pocket out , frantic now . all of he money , go , probably snort by the naked girl in the other room -- her purse . there , on the table . open . Dan stare at it , and after a long pause , he move toward it . 13. he open she wallet , look through . there 's cash there , maybe $ 100 . ten and twenty , crumpled ... and food stamp . a pile of food stamp . he slowly remove the cash , conflict . look back through the open bedroom door , where she snore softly . he pocket the cash , head toward the door when -- toddler ( 0.s. ) mommy ? he stop cold . turn . stand in the doorway to another bedroom be a toddler , maybe 18 month . stare at he . Dan deflate a little . confused , concerned ... humiliate . dan what 's you name , hero ? the kid just stare at he . dan ( cont 'd ) please tell I you come from next door . or down the hall ... toddler momma ... Dan sigh . oh , shit . he go to the kid . pick he up -- and sees the bruise on the boy 's arm . the kind you get from be grabbed . really hard . he carry the boy into the bedroom , place he next to deenie . toddler ( cont 'd ) momma ! he cuddle against she , and even in she stupor , deenie wrap a hand around he . Dan watch , heart break a little . he make he way toward the door , stop one last time by she purse . look at the food stamp , the little boy cuddle up next to deenie ... and at the cash in he hand . dick ( 0.s. ) you can put she money back , Doc . you can do that much . he look up . Dick be stand in the shadow , hidden . dan she take mine . probably spend it on the coke -- 14 . dick doc. Dan stare he down . after a moment , tuck the money in he pocket . he turn back , look at deenie and the boy . squint , concentrate . for a moment , a flash of -- the lock BOX , with the rusty lock . dick ( cont 'd ) oh no , doc. you can put thing from the overlook away in box , but not memory . never that . they be the real ghost , you take ‘em with you . Dan stare at he defiantly , and walk out the door . CUT to : int . abra 's house , live room - evening david ( 30' ) and lucy ( 30 's ) turn the corner , follow the sound of piano music . stilt , promise ... young abra ( 5 year old , adorable ) , sit at the piano in the live room . lucy time for bed , abra . young abra a little more ?? david no sweetie , big day tomorrow . young abra birthday party ! david that 's right . but for now , bedtime . int . abra 's house , abra 's room - moment later David and Lucy tuck abra into bed . handing she a stuffed bunny , which abra cuddle happily . young abra Abba 's five ! happy birthday Abba ! lucy not just yet . goodnight sweetie . they leave she tuck in , close the door softly . 15 . int . abra 's house , master bedroom - later David and Lucy be fast asleep . slowly stir by a sound ... piano music , echoing through the dark house . int . abra 's house , live room - moment later David and Lucy make they way down the stair , the music louder now . it seem abra 's snuck out of bed , and go back to the piano . as they turn the corner , they stop cold . there be no one in the room . but the piano be playing , the same song abra be struggle with earlier ... CUT to : int . movie theater - night andi steiner ( 15 , sharp and pretty ) sit in the dark theater . munch on candy as a older businessman ( 5as ) make he way down the aisle , sit next to she . she do not look up from she candy as he sit . businessman andi ? andi that 's right . businessman you be prettier than you picture . andi you be older than yours . he look around , a little nervous . businessman so be we stay here or go somewhere ? andi do not you want to watch the movie ? he frown . but soon soften as she snuggle up to he , lay she head on he shoulder . his hand find she thigh . we pull back to reveal rose and crow , sit a few row back . not watch the movie . watch andi . 16 . rose I do not see what the fuss be about . Chat room romance . a little gross , but not interesting . crow watch . it 's interesting , I promise . rose it better be . because she 's not all that steamy - crow there she go . they watch as andi put her lip to her date 's ear . andi be not you tired ? sleep . the man 's head instantly drop to he chest . he 's out cold . she lift he limp hand off she thigh with disgust , and fish out he wallet . start pulling cash , credit card . rose okay . crow wait . this be the best part . I have watch she do it three time now and it never get old . andi pull a pearl -handle knife from she purse . andi sleep deeper . deep as you can . the pain you will feel be only a dream . what will the pain be ? businessman a dream . she put she arm around he , and quietly slashes two tiny v’s into he cheek . the blood flow . he do not even flinch . andi you can explain a lose wallet , when you wife ask , but you can not explain this . this , you see every day in the mirror . every time you see it , you will say it out loud ... '' I like little girl . '' she finish cut , lean closer to the sleep man . 17. andi ( cont 'd ) you will say it out loud . businessman out loud . andi and the next time you go look for a little girl online , you 'il remember that time you get bit by a rattlesnake . a rattlesnake in a blue skirt and white blouse , whose face be a blank . she kiss he bloody cheek , stand from she chair , quietly leave the theater . Rose and crow watch , impressed . rose that be interesting . ext . movie theater - moment later andi walk in the afternoon sun . the street be crowded , she 's in a city . behind she , crow approach . crow '' scuse I , miss ? miss ! she ignore he , walk faster . crow ( cont 'd ) you leave something in the theater - andi you wanna leave I alone . crow stop . blink . suddenly unsure of himself , as if he forget why he be chasing her . andi turn to leave when -- rose grab her arm . rose well hi there . andi stare at she . andi you want to let I go . rose oh no , sweetie . no I do not . CUT to : 18 . ext . overpass , newark - early morning Dan wake up under the overpass , face down on a filthy towel he have spread out for himself the night before . a fresh bottle in front of he , empty . clutch in he cold finger . he cough , spitting with he dry mouth . look around he . not even sure how he end up here . int . greyhound station - later Dan stand at the ticket counter , look at the crumpled bill in he hand . his hand shake , he 's dirty . exhausted . dan how far can I get for ... he count out the bill . ext . greyhound station - late morning Close on the bus sign : frasier , nh . passenger board quietly , and Dan be among they . the last of he cash apparently go to the bottle he clutches , along with he beat - up knapsack . CUT to : ext . abra 's house , backyard - afternoon dozen of kid and parent pack the yard , decorate for abra 's birthday party . David and Lucy watch Young abra , dress in a birthday tiara and carry she stuffed bunny , run toward they hold out a handmade card . young abra mommy ! I make this for you -- it 's a secret card ! abra bound away , toward the magician who be gather the kid at the end of the yard . Lucy look down at the card . just a simple word : hell '' the magician hold out a red top hat to the kid . magician nothing up my sleeve , nothing up my sleeve ... he reach in , pull out a white rabbit . the kid clap and giggle , and he hand it to abra . 19 . magician ( cont ’d ) abracadabra ! young abra I know magic too ! magician well you get to hold he , birthday girl . she pet the bunny , watch . he turn over the hat , and silver spoons fall out . the kid laugh , delighted , as he pick they up and start hanging they on he face , the last one balanced on the tip of he nose . young abra I can do that . magician that 's nice , sweetie . ext . abra' house , backyard - later the party be over , the last of the kid trickle out . David and Lucy clean up as abra play with the last of she friend . David frown at the birthday cake . david we can forget nap time . lucy just a few more hour . say it with I , just a few more hour -- she smile at he , head through the open slide glass door into the house . as he carefully scoops up the cake -- lucy ( 0.s. ) ( cont 'd ) ( alarmed ) David ... int . abra 's house , kitchen - moment later David enter the kitchen , where Lucy stare . White as a sheet . she 's point ... the silverware drawer be all out , as though they shot out . fork and knive all over the floor . david what the hell ... 20 . lucy Dave ... Lucy point at the ceiling . he follow she gaze -- all of the spoons be hang from the ceiling . dangle , as though magnetize . they tip barely touch the plaster . they stare at it as abra enter . stuff bunny in she hand . young abra ( proud ) abra ... cadabra ! lucy honey , do ... do you do this ? abra 's smile fade . her lip start to quiver . young abra be I in trouble ? they stare at she , not sure what to say -- as she start to cry , to really let loose -- all of the spoons fall down at once , crashing to the floor . CUT to : int . greyhound bus - simultaneous Dan startle awake in he seat . sensing something , something that wake he ... as though reacting to the falling spoons ... CUT to : ext . campground , long island - simultaneous Rose stop in she track as she head toward she rv , also sensing something . look over she shoulder . a pass think , but something ... some thing ... int . rose 's rv , long island - moment later Rose step into the trailer . the moment forget as she head toward andi , who be just waking up on the bed . rose hi there , sleepyhead . sorry , I have to sleep you pretty hard , you be a tough one . willful . 21 . andi sit up , rub she head . take in she surroundings . rose ( cont 'd ) you know I check ... six man , in three month . with that little snakebite tattoo on they cheek . you have be busy . ( beat ) snakebite andi , that 's who you be . so who be I ... andi you be some crazy bitch that kidnap I -- Rose hold up a finger . one finger , and andi be silent . rose just the truth , from now on . you 'il only say the truth . andi ( beat ) you be the most beautiful woman I have ever see . rose well golly . Works a little too well , do not it . here 's the deal , snakebite andi . you be a pusher . you can push people , and we have not have a pusher round here for a little while so I be gonna offer you a deal I have not offer anyone in almost forty year . andi no way you be forty . rose how old be you , darling ? andi Fifteen . rose Fifteen . God , what a age . the springtime of you womanhood , be not it , you be not a girl anymore but you do not have a single dent yet , either . gravity have not even notice you , not at fifteen . ( beat ) Men , though ... andi lower she head . rose ( cont 'd ) no ! no shame , and you pay that back , do not you . what I be offer , snakebite andi , be just that : springtime . springtime forever . ten year from now , you be still fifteen . a hundred year , maybe you be seventeen . live long , stay young . eat well . andi sound too good to be true . rose I know it . andi so you and you friend out there -— rose they be not my friend , they be my family . we be the true knot , dear . andi ( snicker ) true knot . rose what 's tie can never be untied . andi laugh . Rose , though , be not laugh . andi do I have any other choice ? rose only bad one , dear . but it 's better if you want it . make the turn easier . andi ( beat ) do it hurt ? Rose smile , and lie . rose not at all . cur 22 . to : 23 . ext . teeneytown , frasier nh - evening Dan step away from the bus station . tire , beat . shuffle through town , not even sure where he 's go . it 's MAIN STREET New Hampshire , the evening hour see the street mostly desert . a small town , with character . he stop at a sign : visit teeney town ! frasier 's SMALL wonder . he look beyond it , smile to himself as he behold teeneytown . it 's a miniature replica of the very street he 's on , a tiny representation of the town he 's in . around it , a SMALL train - design for toddler - rest idle on its track . Dan smile . it 's strange , but welcoming at the same time . he crouch , examine the locomotive . billy ( 0.s. ) you like it ? Dan spin to face billy FREEMAN ( late 40 's , kind . ) dan sorry , I be just - billy that 's okay , people love to look at it . model train buff , usually . we keep they away in the summer when the place be jumpin’ , but this time of year there 's no we , just I . and I do not mind . ( hold out he hand ) billy Freeman . town maintenance . dan Dan torrance . billy just off the bus ? or you ridin’ you thumb ? dan Bus . what do this thing have for a engine ? billy now that 's interesting . you ever hear of the chevrolet veraneio ? dan brazilian suburban , be not it ? turbodiesel . 24 . billy that 's right ! instrument panel 's from a suburban too . seat I put in myself . ( beat ) what bring you to town , Dan torrance ? dan not sure yet . billy not many take the bus this far North , less they be look for work . you lookin’ for work ? dan yeah , I be . place to stay , too . billy Change of scenery ? or you run away from something ? do not mind my ask , I hope . New face be all . dan ( beat ) running away from myself I guess . billy yeah , I know that look . pretty well , sorry to say . ( smile ) runnin 's away from yourself 's a pickle . you take yourself with you , wherever you go . dan ai not that the bitch . billy ( consider ) I know Mr. kingsley , from the program , he help folk out now and again , if they be worthy of help , that be . you get reference ? dan a few . mostly janitorial , hospital orderly stuff . 25 . int . dan 's room , elliot STREET - evening Dan stand by as mrs . robertson ( 40' ) give he a tour of the lofty room , at the top of the building . a view of the mountain , a simple room . a bed , a bath . billy watch on . mrs . robertson Rent 's eighty - five a week , payable upfront . billy pay you first two , the rest be on you . once you start get pay at teeneytown . no pet , no party , no noise . Dan look at billy , surprised . billy just watch . dan I be a quiet tenant . mrs . robertson last guy say the same . math student . even let he paint the wall all blackboard , so he could scribble he little puzzle up there . she walk to the wall adjacent to the bed . a wall paint over dark , with chalkboard paint . she reach down , pick up one of several piece of colored chalk by the wall . mrs . robertson ( cont ’d ) ( write ) be not quiet , no sir . do not even paint over this when he leave , but I be glad he do not so I can make this easy for you ... so you see it every morning , when you wake . she step back , revealing the write : '' 85 / wk. behave . '' she walk past he , stop for a beat beside billy . mrs . robertson ( cont ’d ) you sure you wanna vouch for this pup ? billy pretty sure . mrs . robertson it 's you ass , billy . she leave , and Dan look to billy . a long beat . 26 . billy I be downstairs , ground floor , if you need anything . find I tomorrow and we will talk about some work . dan why be you do this ? you do not know I . billy no I do not . but I know the look , like I say , and ... sometimes I get feeling about people . hard to understand , I guess . dan ( beat ) easier than you think . CUT to : ext . beach - night andi lay flat on a lawn recliner , near the group of rv 's . the sound of the wave , a sky full of blink star overhead . a FIRE burning in the center . she 's nervous . around she , the member of the true knot stand . Rose in she hat , crow beside she . apron Annie , Barry the chunk , Silent sarey watch as grampa flick regards they with ancient eye . rose no fear . andi who be this people - rose you will find out , after . but this here be grampa flick , and he will lead we . no fear , understand ? Rose nod to grampa flick , who step forward . grampa flick we be the true knot and we endure . group sabbatha hanti . grampa flick we be the choose one . 27 . group lodsam hanti . grampa flick we be the fortune one . group cahanna risone hanti . grampa flick what be tie can not be untied . here be a woman . would she join we ? would she tie she life to we life ? rose say yes . andi yes . Rose reach down , lift a silver canister . almost like a thermos , but older . stranger . she hold it near andi 's face . Rose turn the valve on the canister . a small , rueful sigh , and a puff of silver mist escape . but it do not dissipate into the night air ... it hang . rose this one 's special . her name 's violet , and there 's not much of she leave ... she taste like flower . Rose gently purse she lip , blowing the pocket of mist softly . it float around Andy 's face . rose ( cont 'd ) breathe deep . after a beat , andi breathes it in . rose hold her down . rose ( cont 'd ) embrace it . it 's the only way through . andi scream in pain , shaking violently in the chair . rose ( cont 'd ) take steam or die . andi convulse , and as they stare at she , her skin begins to change -- become translucent , transparent , in flash -- cycling between human and something else -- 28 . we can see her skull , scream under the skin of her face -- CUT to : int . dan be room , elliot STREET - later that night Dan be asleep in bed . out the window , snow fall hard . a shuffling SOUND in the corner slowly stir he . he open he eye . squint into the darkness ... there 's nothing . but he become aware of something else . fly , buzzing around he . he realize someone have there arm draped over he -- a dead arm , rotting . fly crawling all over it . he carefully reach down , try to lift the arm away , while he start to roll over to see the rotting skin of a naked young woman lay in bed beside he . he slowly try to drop to the floor beside the bed , almost extricate himself from she grip when her dead hand grab he arm . he shout , and she slowly roll over to face he -- it’s deenie . eye cloud over , blood and vomit come from she nose and mouth . like she died of a overdose . she smile , and when she speak , she 's speak through phlegm . deenie they have not find we yet . he gasp . close he eye -- but she grip harder , and when he open he eye her face be inches from he own . deenie ( cont 'd ) they be use to hearing he cry , ' cuz I leave he alone so much ... so they do not do anything , and they have not find we yet ... he stare . the fly crawl over her OPEN , sightless eye . Dan notice something else -- a smaller hand , also pale and rotten , clinging to deenie . she reveal the toddler , cuddle against she . dead as well . toddler mama -- Dan scream . and scream . and the room be empty . he shake on the ground , overwhelm with horror . crawl fast toward the bag at the foot of he bed , grabbing for -- the bottle of whiskey , half full , inside . he pull off the cap , bring it toward he lip -- 29 . but stop this time . stare at it . for a long time ... CUT to : int . hallway , elliot STREET - later a hand knock on a door . after a few long moment , the door open , revealing billy . blink at the late hour . Dan stand in the doorway , tear all over he face . at rock bottom . dan you say you know my look . what have you mean ? billy you be sick and you be tired , I can see that much . but be you sick and tired of be sick and tired ? after a long beat , Dan say the word he 's struggle to say for so long . the most important word he ’1ll ever say . dan I need help . billy nod . smile gently . billy come on in . let 's talk about it . he step aside , and Dan come into the room . CUT to : int . aa meeting - another night a group of recovering addict sit in the dimly light church basement . at the podium , the moderator dr . JOHN ( mid 60' ) stand to speak , lead the group in the prayer . group God , grant I the serenity , to accept the thing I can not change , courage to change the thing I can , and wisdom to know the difference . Dr. John smile at the room , hold out a box of chip . dr . JOHN anyone here have a year ? six month ? 30 . a addict get up , applause as they take they chip . dr . JOHN ( cont 'd ) Three month ? thirty day ? ( as someone approach ) congrat brother . he look out at the group . DR. JOHN ( cont ’d ) and now for the most important person in the room . anyone here a newbie ? someone get 24 hour ? reveal dan , sit beside billy . tear in he eye . billy smile , encourage , and after a moment , Dan stand up . int . aa meeting - later Dan and billy stand by the coffee machine , look down at the one day chip in he hand . turn it over . around he , small talk and handshake , some hug . Dr. John approach , pour he coffee . dr . JOHN billy say you be new to town . dan dan. dr . JOHN John . billy Doctor John 's be serve the town most of my life . deliver my little brother . dr . JOHN small town . how you hold up billy ? billy train 's still runnin’ . Dan notice Dr. John rub he wrist , frown . billy ( cont 'd ) you okay ? 31 . dr . JOHN yeah , just ... lose something . Emma 's gonna kill I . well good to know you , Dan . come back . hope to see you again soon . they shake hand . and in that moment , Dan know something . he watch Dr. John walk away . billy good man . really hold we together , get a gift for - dan hang on . he follow Dr. John , reluctant . dan ( cont 'd ) hey Doc ... you watch . Dr. John stop . turn , look at he quizzically . dan ( cont 'd ) you lose you watch . you be worried about the kid with goocher 's . dr . JOHN ( beat ) what ? dan the kid . goocher ? glutcher ? some sort of bone thing . dr . JOHN ( long beat ) gaucher 's disease . dan yeah ... the terminal one always bother you , and you wash you hand , the hospital bathroom , you leave it on top of the soap dispenser . you wife give it to you , it be you wedding present . Dr. John stare . not sure what to make of this . dan ( cont 'd ) check on top of the soap dispenser . Dr. John nod , and start to walk away . Dan sigh . 32 . dr . JOHN ( pre - lap ) how have you know that ? int . dr . john' office - the next day close on the watch , back on Dr. John 's wrist . dan wish I could say . lucky guess . dr . JOHN guess my ass ... ( beat ) billy say you have orderly experience . dan that 's right . dr . JOHN you work right now ? dan few shift at teeneytown . helping with the train , couple hour a day . Dr. John sit back . consider . dr . JOHN well listen , I owe you a debt . however you do it . ( beat ) I do three day a week at rivington House . hospice . tough to find good orderly , tougher to keep ‘em . dan that sound good to I , sir . dr . JOHN dying people do not bother you ? dan we be all die . Whole world 's a hospice with fresh air . dr . JOHN okay , then . done . because you be a friend of Bill 's . dan billy 's get a lot of pull in this town . 33 . dr . JOHN ( laugh ) not billy . Bill . we be both friend of Bill 's ; billy be too . dan I do not get it . dr . JOHN keep comin’ to the meeting . you will figure it out . CUT to : ext . beach - day andi lay on the recliner , the sound of the surf start to bring she back . she blink into the sun . the true knot be enjoy the beach , look like relaxed camper . grilling , read , enjoy the sun and the sand . as they see she , they smile . some clapping . rose well hi there . andi blink . Rose 's hat almost blot out the sun . andi how ... how long be I ... rose few day . andi you say it do not hurt . rose do not now , do it . andi I feel like I be die -- rose you do . andi you bring I back . rose could not have do it on my own . you want to come , so you come . you will feel better when you eat . 34 . she sit beside she , touch she knee . gently . andi be I still human ? rose do you care ? ( beat ) you be home . you be where you belong . CUT to : int . abra' house , abra' room - night Lucy tuck Young abra into bed . put the bunny in she arm . lucy there you go . young abra ( off she frown ) what be it ? Lucy do not answer . young abra ( cont ’d ) ( realize ) you be scared of I . lucy we love you more than anything in the world , you hear I ? anything . young abra I do not do the spoon . I just pretend it be I but it be the real magician . from the party , it be a birthday party trick he do for I and you and daddy should not be scared , it be not I . it 's a clumsy lie . a child 's lie ... but a kind lie . and part of Lucy appreciate it , even though she know better . lucy goodnight , my heart . she kiss abra , and leave the room . CUT to : 35 . int . hallway , rivington house - night Dan mop the floors of the darken hall . sparely decorate , patient room line up leave and right . as he do , he almost mop over a cat , who scuttle out of the way . dan sorry , azzie . the cat move down the hall , scratching at a patient 's door before push it open and slip inside . Dan move along , lose in he work , as he pass the room . glance inside . a elderly patient ( 80x ) lay on the bed , and azzie the cat perches at the foot of the bed . dan ( cont 'd ) c'mon , leave he be . the cat do not budge . shrugge , Dan start to walk away ... but stop . a feel come over he . he turn back , open the door further . the cat just stare , almost like it 's stand guard . wait for something . Dan look at it for a long time ... and then step into the room . int . patient 's room , rivington house - continuous Dan step inside , feel uneasy . the patient stir . patient Doc ? Doc , that you ? dan ( beat ) no , it 's ... I be not a doctor . just clean up , you want I to call you a doctor ? patient c’mere . please . Dan step toward he , lean the mop on the desk . the man look sick . one foot almost in the grave . patient ( cont 'd ) cat 's on my bed . dan I can take he out -- 36 . patient no , I know he would be . that cat ... always seem to know when it 's time . guess it 's time . dan no , it 's just azreel be a silly old cat -- patient nope . be that way since I get here . the cat know when it 's time to go to sleep , everybody know that . I be gonna die . Dan hesitates ... then reach out , take the man 's hand . dan ( quietly ) yes . you be . I will get someone -- patient stay with I . please . Dan sit back down . patient ( cont 'd ) known it 's comin’ . do not make it less scary . dan ( long beat ) I know what scared feel like . but tell you what , maybe it 's what you say . just go to sleep . nothing to be scared of , sleep . maybe you wake up some place better . patient you be a strange type of Doctor . dan I be not a doctor . patient I think y’are . ( laugh ) Doctor sleep . you will stay , right ? the man sigh , relieved . look up at the ceiling . 37 . patient ( cont 'd ) I be just scared , Doc , scared it will hurt or be dark or be nothin 's at all , and I do not wanna -- Dan close he eye , concentrating . projecting ... dan ( v.o. ) ( in the man 's mind ) nothing to be scared of . the man calm , listen as though it 's he own thought . dan ( v.o. ) just go to sleep . finally . true , restful sleep . patient thank you , Doc . thank you . dan I should not be here , let I get you a real doctor -- patient no , this be exactly where you should be . exactly . ( beat ) I see my wife ... and then , one long , rattling breath . as Dan stare -- a fine cloud of red mist rise from the patient 's mouth . tendril of red smoke , gently rise from he mouth and nose . Dan watch the small cloud of mist hover above the bed ... and dissipate into the air with a sigh . then , the patient be perfectly still . it 's over . Dan watch as azzie the cat glide down from the bed , calmly leave the room . head back into the hallway . Dan sit there for a long time , look at the man . and realize , for the first time in year , a purpose . CUT to : int . dan be room , elliot STREET - later Dan step into he room , still in he scrub . something different about he now . something profound . he seem peaceful , settle . 38 . he move to the bed , sit to remove he shoe ... and notice something odd . on the blackboard , all of the writing have be erased . no more rent , no more '' behave . '' in its place , a single word : hell '' Dan stare it for a long time . Processing . and then ... walk to the board . pick up a piece of chalk , and write : '' hi '' int . abra' house , abra' room - continuous in she bed , in the dark , abra giggle . like she hear he ... and then , roll over to sleep . int . dan be room , elliot STREET - continuous Dan sit . he stare at the write for a long , long time . fade out . ext . overlook HOTEL - night the snow pile up . the hotel dark . int . overlook HOTEL , corridor - night we float through the corridor . the sound of old - timey music come from somewhere deep , deep within the room ... echoing through the hall , a ghost in its own right ... int . overlook HOTEL , gold room - night we float into the ballroom . toward the familiar bar , illuminate from below . no one in sight , but the music be coming from here . come to rest in a closeup of a glass of whiskey . voice you credit be fine , mister torrance -- dissolve to : 39 . int . aa meeting - morning close on a EIGHT - year chip ... in dan 's hand . eight year older now ( late 30' ) , clear -eyed and sober . around he , people clap as he take he chip . he turn to face the room . legend : 2008 dan Dan , alcoholic . group hi Dan . from the chair , billy cup he hand to he mouth . billy speech ! dan I be not a speech guy , so I figure I would hold the chip and talk about whatever pop up . so here I be , and ... I be think about my dad . I see a chip like this in he hand , couple of month before he die . 5 - month chip , I be pretty sure . he hurt I once , when he be drunk , break my arm , then he dry right out . he look at the chip , and then at the group . dan ( cont 'd ) he die when I be 5 , so the only way I ever get to know my dad , really know he , be when I go dark . when I drank , to dull the ... or every time I want to break someone 's face . the drink and the temper . that thing in I , they be he and they be all I could know of he . ( beat ) but now ... now I get to know hima little different . Cause he also stand in a room like this once , want to get well . for I . and my mom . he hold a chip in he hand , a chip that say 5 month and on that day , anyway , before the hotel ... Dan collect himself . 40 . dan ( cont 'd ) on that day , all he want in the world be to stand where I be stand right now . and here I am. ( beat ) so thank you , I guess , from we both . this be for Jack torrance . he take the chip , return to he seat . billy put a hand on he shoulder as the next person stand . int . charlie 's room , rivington house - night charlie ( 90' ) , stir in he bed . Soft lamplight beside he as he look through wrinkle eyelid ... to the cat , sit calmly at the foot of he bed . he stare at it , sighing . then turn to the chair beside he , where Dan sit . he smile at Charlie in the warm lamplight . there 's something different in Dan 's demeanor ... he be comfortable in this role now . use to it . it 's who he be . dan hi Charlie . charlie doc. ( beat ) I guess I do not need to ask why you be here , this hour . dan any pain ? I can get claudette to bring you a pill . charlie pill will not matter . I have hear about this house call . what a visit from Doctor sleep really be . so what do you see ? Dan put he hand on the man 's forehead , gentle and calm . dan you twin son at four . see they ? charlie ( beat ) I do ... I can actually see they ... 41 . dan a farmall tractor with a stripe umbrella over the seat . five year old , pull a red wagon -- charlie Lord , look at that -- like a deck of card , all out of order ... ( beat ) I be not scared of hell , Doc . I live a decent life . and I do not think there 's such a place anyway . I guess I be scared there 's nothing . there be nothing before , so what if there 's nothing after ... dan we do not end , Charlie . I know that for certain . do not know much else , but I know we do not end . charlie I can taste blueberry , the blueberry my mother use to grow ... you taste that ? dan I do . and I hear Frank , sing on the old radio , on you workbench , by you tool ... ( sing ) come fly with I , come fly , let 's fly away ... Charlie smile , a tear roll down he cheek . dan and charlie if you can use some exotic booze , there 's a bar in far bombay ... come fly with I , let 's fly , let 's fly away ... CUT to : int . dan be room , elliot STREET - morning Dan step into he room , peel off the work day . he turn toward the blackboard , pause as he see a message in chalk : mornin 's dan be a minute , little pen pal ... 42 . he walk to the board . write a single word in response : school int . abra' house , abra' room - continuous we see abra ( 13 now , the same brightness in she eye ) . she smile . Rolling she eye a little . lucy ( 0.s. ) abra ! School ! abra Fine , I know . she pop headphone in as she grab she backpack , check herself in the mirror . then , she 's off into the world . CUT to : ext . campsite , iowa - day the various rv 's of the true knot be inconspicuously park at another campground . crow hop out of he truck , pass grampa flick as he grill . crow gramp . you see Rose ? grampa flick watchtower . he look at he as he pass . grampa flick look ill ... he hair almost white . skin pale . older than we see he last ... he find Rose sitting on top of her camper , hat perch on she head . indian style . look out at the tree . crow sorry to interrupt . rose any luck ? crow get closer . we be head in the right direction . I just need another day or two . i’1l find he . ( beat ) but till I do , you gotta open a canister . 43. rose we take steam six month ago . six month , that 's nothing . crow yeah , but rosie - that kid in delaware be not so steamy , and it 's already show . you have see grampa flick 's hair , yeah ? rose ( beat ) yeah . crow I do not think he 's well . rose grampa flick have not be well since Nixon be in office . crow I know . but lately ... anyway , we need to eat . all of we . be the canister low ? rose course not . just no need to waste one , if you be close to the kid . crow I might need it just to find he . ( beat ) use to be more steam in the world . rose do not be daft . that 's like when rube say '' fifty year ago , people use to be more neighborly . '' crow but it 's true , Rose . there 's less steam out there , and weaker , too . I do not know if it 's they cell phone or they diet or they Netflix or what , but I be not pick up many scent this day , and the one I do - rose I ' 1l open a canister tonight . just to tide everyone over . he nod . relieved . head back toward the ladder . 44 , crow you know it , Rose . rose know what ? crow that 's why you sit up here , every day . that 's why you be always up here , no matter what you tell the other . World 's not as steamy , and you be look for a whale . Rose watch he go . and look out at the tree . int . rose's rv , iowa - that night Rose look at the collection of silver canister . she sigh . there 's only a few left . she pick up a canister , and turn it over in she hand . ext . rose's rv , iowa - later the true knot have gather around the campfire . Rose stand at the center , look out at the hungry face of the group . they stare greedily at the canister in she hand . she crouch down , open the valve . a hiss , and the silver mist leak out . spread out like a umbrella over her . rose take nourishment , and endure . they gather around , descend on the mist , slurping it in . as they do , we watch there skin change , become translucent , the grinning skull within visible as Rose step back , watch . frown . CUT to : ext . baseball field , iowa - another day kid play baseball . Neighborhood uniform , a boy and girl club . we be watch the game , nothing unusual ... and then we see BRADLEY trevor ( 12 ) step to the plate . on the bleacher : parent and kid watch on . one of the spectator lean to the man next to he . 45 . spectator watch this kid - number 19 . he 's a natural . Hit it every time . like he can read the pitcher 's mind . reveal crow sit behind they . watching intently . at the plate , Brad smile just as the pitch be throw ... and send the ball scream over the shortstop 's head . the crowd cheer , and crow smile . spectator ( cont ’d ) see ? you watch , one of this day some talent scout 's gonna get wind of Brad , there . you watch . behind he , crow just smile . he already have . ext . seclude road - day Brad walk along the road , long rows of corn on either side of he . still in he uniform , carry he bag and he glove . walk home , smile . behind he , we realize a vehicle be approaching from the distance . a van . it slow behind he , and he step to the side of the road to let it pass . it pull up beside he . Barry lean out of the passenger window . barry hey ! 19 ! just see you game , you be ready for the major ! well play ! brad ( wary ) thanks . barry you head home ? hop in , I will give you a ride . Brad keep walk , the van keep pace . brad it 's real close , I be good . the slide door open , and snakebite andi lean out . andi it 's okay . Brad stop walk . stare at she . 46 . andi ( cont 'd ) we be friend . you wanna hop in , we will take you right home . brad you can take I right home . andi you trust I . brad I trust you . he climb into the van , and the door close behind he . driving calmly away , past the row of corn . CUT to : ext . abandoned ethanol plant , iowa - later that night the vehicle of the true knot be park at the old plant . nothing around they for mile . they all watch on as Barry gently lay Brad in the center of the circle . he 's bound with duct tape , and he 's weeping . brad please take I home ... I will not tell . I will not tell . please ... Barry pick up the glove . number 19 carve into the leather . barry number 19 . kid , you be good . Barry put he hand into the glove , try it on as Rose drop to one knee beside Brad . touch he hair . rose it 's not personal . Rose step away from he , look out at the other with a smile on she face . she step toward andi , who watch as crow hand rise a SMALL knife . short , but very sharp . she start walk back toward Brad , who notice the knife . brad be you go to hurt I ? rose yes. 47 . as the group tighten they circle around he , they hold flashlight so that Rose can see what she 's do . rose ( cont 'd ) pain purify steam , dear boy . fear , too . so you understand . and just like that , she bring the knife to he torso . we stay on brad 's face as he eye go wide , and we hear a faint slicing SOUND . he scream , loud . so loud . Rose sit back , look at he mouth and nose . frown , she reach down and goe back to work , she hand move off - screen as Brad 's scream become guttural . primal . and then , as he scream of pure agony start to cease - a tiny cloud , so SMALL , of silver steam rise from he lip . around he , the member of the true knot greedily lean forward , there face staring down and blocking out the sky -- as they inhale . rose ( cont 'd ) good. good start . Brad pants . eye wide with shock and pain . his eye travel down , to where Rose clutches the bloody knife . brad please - rose we be just get start . int . abra' house , abra' room - night abra be asleep in bed as we push into a closeup . her brow furrow . she 's have a bad dream . abra ( asleep ) no ... no ... ext . abandoned ethanol plant - later that night Brad 's scream continue , become harsh bark of pain . almost inhuman . his eye be wild , blood spraying up onto he chin and cheek from Rose 's work below . 48 . another small cloud of steam rise , and again the true knot lean downward , almost like a football huddle , breathing greedily as the steam spread among they -- there skin become translucent , just for moment , revealing grinning skull and glittering eye -- brad scream again underneath they , but it be pointless . int . abra' house , abra' room - later abra burst up in she bed , hyperventilating . panick . try to shake the dream . abra stop ... stop ... stop ... she shake she head , freaking out . squint she eye , concentrating hard -- seeing flash of -- a knife in a blood - soaked hand , over a baseball jersey . brad 's scream face . the translucent , grinning skull / face of the monster leaning over he , eye sparkling with greed -- and a woman , in a top hat . who slowly turn to look at her -- ext . abandoned ethanol plant — continuous Rose suddenly stop her work . look over she shoulder . as if aware someone be watching her ... crow notice she expression . crow ( quietly ) what be it ? Rose just look up at he . Brad stare at the sky . tear and blood all over he face . brad ( weak ) just kill I ... rose soon , dear . and then , she hand go back to work , and again , he bark of agony fill the night as the knot huddle around he , greedily wait for the next morsel of food to rise from he mouth . 49 , int . abra' house , abra' room - continuous abra start scream her head off . thrashing on the bed . scream like brad be scream , so many mile away . the light turn on , and David and Lucy run in , terrified . lucy abra ! abra ! abra tony !!!! tony !!! stop they , tony !!! int . dan be room , elliot STREET - night Dan be asleep in he own bed , when a blast , a shockwave , followed by a loud cracking SOUND as Dan hit the floor , hard . grabbing he head , in pain . ext . abandoned ethanol plant - continuous Rose spin wildly over she shoulder . she felt it too . int . dan be room , elliot STREET - continuous Dan struggle to he foot . dan Jesus ! he stand , not even notice that he nose be bleeding . his eye go to the mirror on the wall by he headboard -- where something take he breath away . he stare . all he breath stop in he head . in the mirror , he can see the chalkboard wall reflect ... a word cracked into the very plaster , large and bold . redrum he stare at it , and slowly turn away from the glass , toward the wall , where the word murder stare down at he . he walk to it , very slowly . dan ( cont 'd ) okay . okay . scare , he pick up the chalk . and write one word back : 50 . who ? he slowly turn , walk back to the bed . shake , he sit down , and make himself look back at the wall , where the answer have already appear in chalk . baseball boy . ext . abandoned ethanol plant - later Brad stare ahead as he body finally give out . a long death rattle from he throat , and the knot lean closer , getting the last of the steam as it rise from he mouth . suck it in . Rose sit back . rose damn , I think he have another few minute in he . crow he make it three hour , we can not complain . she pick up a silver canister . she look up to grampa flick ... whose hair be a light brown again , the silver long go . his wrinkle seem better , smoother . he look ten year younger , easy . as they disperse , Rose presses on the boy 's chest , look for little trace of steam that might be hide inside . she hold the canister , and the steam rise . int . abra' house , abra' room - continuous abra rock back and forth , sobbing as she parent hold she . abra they kill he . they kill he ... int . dan be room , elliot STREET - continuous Dan sit on the bed , look at the word on he wall . pale , scared . over he shoulder , that familiar word in the mirror : redrum dissolve to : 51 . ext . abandoned ethanol plant - sunrise Rose and crow finish burying the body in the dirt , as the morning sun creep up . the other be inside they vehicle , rest , ready to go . she shovel a heap of dirt onto the grow pile . almost do . she sit back , rest she head on the handle of the shovel . and after a long beat ... rose we have a looker . crow stop . turn to she , slowly . crow tonight ? rose yeah . crow Big steam ? rose huge . huge . crow where ? rose East Coast I think . crow ( beat ) you be say someone look in from fifteen hundred mile away ? rose maybe further . crow Boy or girl ? rose think it be a girl , but she be out of there in a flash but then she scream , and I swear , crow daddy ... I have not feel power like that , raw power like that , in so long ... 52 . crow we should look into it . sooner than later , I guess . in case she parent freak out , send she to a psychiatrist , they get she on pill -- could ruin the steam , muffle she just when we need -- rose if I get it right , and I be pretty sure I do , give paxil to this kid would be like throw a piece of saran wrap over a searchlight . ( beat ) I do not know where she be , but I do think she will come back . and when she do , I will know a lot more . a lot more . they go back to bury the little baseball boy . CUT to : int . dan be room , elliot STREET - morning Dan finish get dress , ready to head out for he day . he stop , though , stare at the wall . he 's go to have to clean that up at some point ... he erase the chalk that 's there , run he finger over the crack in the plaster . before he go , he reach down , hold a piece of chalk . considering . finally , write . as he head for the door , we reveal the word he write : I hope you be okay . you friend , Dan . int . abra' house , kitchen - later that morning abra bound into the kitchen , where Lucy sit at the table . sipping coffee ... watch she daughter carefully . abra Morning ! she watch as abra head to the fridge , grab some stuff . abra ( cont 'd ) guess what ! I make a new friend , he name 's dan. 53. lucy at school ? abra ( think fast ) no , he do not live here . I mean he life close , frazier I think . no big deal . lucy ( beat ) be you okay ? last night -- abra I be okay . I be sorry about that . lucy just a nightmare , huh ? abra ... I know that head of yours be like a radio sometimes , and you pick up some ... weird station -- abra I tell you , I do not -- nothing weird like that , not anymore -- lucy I only need to know you be okay . you be safe , right ? you be okay ? abra of course , mom . I be gonna be late . she bound out of the kitchen . Lucy watch , frown . int . school library - day abra sit at one of the library computer , headphone in she ear . around she , other kid form small pocket , talk and live they normal life . but abra be on the outside . abra take off she headphone , look around the room . we realize why she prefer the music -- she can hear there thought . we catch snippet as she scan the room : my god I have gotta study if I do not study I do not know ... fifty two , run play -- handoff to eleven and -- coach be gonna kill I if I do not get this , c’mon ... why do not he like I ? my hair ? I should change my hair ... 54 . she look at the other kid , try not to notice the occasional stare . as she stare at one girl , she hear -- girl ( v.0o . ) the freak be stare at I again ... what be she stare at , freak ... abra quickly turn away . pull the headphone up , the chorus of think - whisper be drown out . she turn back to the computer ... look at the national CENTER for exploited and missing child . she scroll through listing , the face of the nation 's miss child . so , so many ... int . abra' house , kitchen - evening abra come in the door . David sit at the table , do some work on he laptop . david hey abba-doo . abra hey dad . david School okay ? abra how 's the book ? david good ! I be write about Charleston and the Black bottom - she open the fridge , grab a soda . abra I be gonna start my homework . he watch she go . david that 's good sweetie , think Harvard in three year ! abra ( laugh ) we will see . 55 . int . abra' house , abra' room - night abra sit on she bed , music play in she ear . her book be laid out on the bed around she , but she be not study . she 's look at the printout she take home from the library . the printout of the missing person 's report : BRADLEY trevor . age : 12 . race : caucasian . location : bankerton , iowa . abra you be special . like I ... she hold onto the picture , lay down on she back . get comfortable . reaches out , touching the picture . and after a few moment , close she eye ... a flash : Bradley , tied up , on the floor of a vehicle -- abra open she eye . startle . be not expect that . she look down at the picture again , and bring she finger back to the image . touches it . close she eye again -- flash of : corn field , roll by . the rumbling of the van beneath she -- a baseball glove on the floor of the van -- she open she eye . take a deep breath . lay completely back , hold the picture , squeezing she eye close ... her eye fly OPEN . completely white , rolled into her head ... flash of : a baseball field , corn field , a long road -- ext . abandoned ethanol plant - night a bird 's eye view of the abandon plant . the line of vehicle move through the dark , no headlight . rv 's , camper , a van ... pull past the sign : no trespassing by order of the canton county sheriff dept . another sign beyond it ... int . abra' house , abra' room - continuous abra convulse slightly on the bed , eye roll over white . she grip a pen , scribbling on the printout without look : '' organic industries . ethanol plant # 4 . close until -- 56 . ext . abandoned ethanol plant - night -- further notice , '' read the sign that abra be transcribe . the image come in a flurry now : BRADLEY scream -- dirt shoveled into a hole onto a baseball glove -- the caravan leaving in the morning light -- int . abra' house , abra' room - continuous abra gasp in a breath as she eye go back to normal . she stand , shaking it off . tear in she eye . she head to the window , look out at she street , and the mountain in the distance . and we can tell ... she 's angry . she grip the window , knuckle turn white . and as she stare at she street , she eye roll back again -- and the room pivot . rolling upward , as though the whole house be rotating toward the sky -- abra hold onto the window as the room roll around her , hair fall back behind she like she 's hang from the ceiling . when she open she eye , she 's not home anymore . she 's in -- int . supermarket - evening -- a supermarket . just a normal supermarket . lit by fluorescent light , shopper milling about . abra be floating forward down a aisle , and she look down to see -- hand , holding a shopping cart . not she own hand , though ... the hand of a woman . reveal rose , push the cart , load with basic . as she go , she slow down . a strange look on she face . she look around , try to shake the odd feel she have . she start push the cart again . turn a corner , look out at the ice cream in the freezer . she reach up , as though to open the freezer door -- but rest her hand on they . exactly the same way abra be holding her window . Rose close her eye , and see a flash - of abra 's STREET , with the mountain beyond . rose well hi there . in the reflection of the glass freezer door , Rose can almost see abra' face , look back at she . Rose reach up and back to touch the back of her head . 57 . int . abra' house , abra' room - continuous abra stare out she window , eye roll over white , when a hand gently rest on the back of her head -- abra scream . abra get out ! int . supermarket - continuous Rose be knocked backward as the glass of the freezer door shatter before her , bottle and container exploding within . she hit the ground , shocked . blood running from her nose . int . abra' house , abra' room - continuous abra back away from the window , eye wide with fear and defiance . breathe heavy , she shut her eye and shout -- abra get out of my head !! dan , help -- rumble - the whole room shake on its foundation . int . abra' house , kitchen - continuous David look up as the house violently shake , the light above he swinging as though from a powerful EARTHQUAKE . int . supermarket - continuous Rose take another blast , kicking at the shopping cart as she skid across the floor . sit up , look wildly around as a clerk rush to she , to help she to she foot . clerk ma’‘am ... you okay ? rose I be fine ... jesus. Jesus . she wipe the blood from she nose , stunned . int . aa meeting - night Dan lay on the ground in front of the coffee pot . blood running from he nose as well . unconscious . billy help lift he up as Dan look around , disorient . 58 . billy you okay , danno ? dan yeah ... what happen ? billy you just drop . I think you be have a stroke ... Dan get to he foot . wipe the blood from he nose . billy ( cont 'd ) who 's tony ? Dan look at he . surprise . billy ( cont 'd ) you keep say '' please tony , help . '' dan sorry about that . I be good . CUT to : ext . campsite - night Rose step out of she truck , head toward the camp . the other mill about , but crow can tell right away something be wrong . the blood , on she face and she shirt . crow rosie ? int . rose be rv - moment later she shut the door , pull off she bloody shirt . rose we have get a problem . crow talk to I . rose the looker ? she find I again . I be mind my own business , buyin’ grocery , and there she be . 59 . crow ( beat ) how ? rose do not know , do not care . we have to have she , crow , we have to . crow do she ... do she know who you be ? where we be ? rose I do not know . I do not think so , but that 's not the important ... I say she be huge steam , right ? well it 's even bigger than that . I try to turn around on she and she blow I out of she like I be nothing . crow bullshit . rose never happen to I . never . I would have say it be impossible . crow take this in . Rose smile at he ... she 's excited . crow be she food , or do we turn she ? rose we do not turn she . crow you sure ? if she 's what you say -- rose then we do not want anyone with that kind of power in the knot . think about it . ( beat ) what if it 's neither . crow what do you mean ? rose I mean we do not kill she , we do not turn she . think of a cow . you butcher one , give you meat for month . keep it alive , take care of it , it give you milk for year . ( more ) 60 . rose ( cont 'd ) and she can take it , crow . she 'il last a long , long time . crow we have never try that . rose I know . crow because a steam -head 's dangerous . you keep it alive , it could be dangerous . rose I know . the point ... the point be she 's a great , white whale . and I want she , crow . I want she . CUT to : ext . school - another day abra get out of she mother 's car , backpack over she shoulder . she head toward the school . lucy have a good day , sweetheart ! abra thanks mom ! she watch she mom drive away ... and once she know she 's go , she start walk away from the school , up the street . ext . bus station - later abra approach the ticket counter at the bus station . ext . bus station , frazier nh - late morning abra step off the bus . look around the main street of frazier ... close she eye . feeling for something . she walk , head down . listen to she music . and then see something that strike a chord with she ... teeneytown . 61 . ext . teeneytown , frasier nh - moment later Dan sit at the control , starting the SMALL train . aboard , dozen of happy kide enjoy the train ride . he sit back , content . smiling at they . and then ... he smile fade . sensing something . he turn around ... see abra , stand a few foot away . smiling at he . he nod , turn back to the train ... but look back , and she 's still smile . and then , a voice in he head . abra ( v.o. ) hi. Dan go pale . look around ... how do she find he ? dan ( v.o . ) not here . gimme a sec . abra nod . Dan head to billy . dan hey , you okay if I take lunch early ? not feel so hot . billy sure . he watch as Dan walk away , through teeneytown . some teenager follow he , at a bit of a distance ... CUT to : ext . library bench , MAIN STREET , frazier - later Dan and abra sit on the bench outside the public library . abra watch he , eager . excite . abra ( v.o. ) you can hear I -- dan ( out loud ) let 's use we outside voice , ok ? you track I down . abra it be easier than I think ! like gps , but in my head -- 62 . dan listen , and I do not mean any offense , but this day and age , a man sit alone with a teenage girl on a bench -- abra I be abra rafaella Stone . and you be my uncle . uncle Dan . and that 's not even a lie , not totally . in science last year , Mr. staley tell we that all human share the same genetic plan . he say that the thing that make we different be very small thing . do you know that we share something like ninety - nine percent of we genetic makeup with dog ? so you could be my uncle . or cousin , or whatever . that 's all I be say . dan abra 's Theory of relativity . abra we be related in other way . you be magic , like I . she look at he , eager . Dan sigh . reluctant . dan do not know about magic . I ... I always call it the shine . and yeah , we both shine . ( beat ) do you parent know ? abra about my '' shine '' ? my dad 's always be a little more scared of it , but he think it 's go except for a few thing , like I call from camp because I know momo be sick , and he 's glad . my mom 's a little different . sometimes she will ask I to help she find something she 's lose -- last month it be she car key , she leave they on dad 's worktable in the garage -- but she do not know how much be still there . they do not talk about it . I know it scare they so I try not to . because if people find out ... eek , a freak . you know ? ( off he face ) ( more ) 63 . abra ( cont 'd ) sure you know . you try not to use it , do not you . ( realize ) you have be try a long time . dan when I be a kid , I do not understand the shine , so I call it tony ... I think he be my imaginary friend . abra I think you be my imaginary friend . for a long time . ( beat ) how many of we be out there ? dan lot of folk have a little bit of shine to they . they do not even know it . but they always seem to show up with flower when they wife be sad , they do good on school test they do not even study for , they sense how people be feel as soon as they walk into a room . but I have only meet two or three people in my life that know they shine . abra the baseball boy shine . his name be Bradley trevor . she reach into she bag , hand Dan the printout . picture of Bradley trevor , and other missing kide . abra ( cont 'd ) this people - they look like people , anyway - they take he and they ... eat he . they eat he shine . dan you could feel it . abra and they could feel I . I think . at least one of they , a lady . a lady with a hat . dan so what do you want to do ? 64 . abra I want to find they . stop they . because I think they have do this to a lot of other kid , too . ( beat ) I use to feel so alone . I think it be only I . you know how that feel , do not you . dan I do . abra but we be not alone . and that other kid out there , they be not alone either but they think they be , and they be in danger . so I have to do something . right ? dan why do you come here ? why I ? abra ( beat ) because you can hear I . you have believe I . you shine too . and they hurt people like we . I mean what would you do ? Dan shake he head . this be too much ... abra ( cont 'd ) if you could get something of he , if you could go to Iowa - dan whoa , hang on . abra I can help you find he ! then he parent would know where he be , they can bury he right , at least , but we could also get he glove . if I could touch that glove , I could track they -- dan easy -- abra because Barry the chunk , I think that be he name , for a while , before they kill he , he be wear it . 65 . Dan hand she the papers back . sigh . dan go home , abra . go home , think about school and you parent and the rest of you life . do not chase this people , do not aggravate they , and whatever you do , do not attract they attention . do not shine . find something - anything - well , almost anything - to stop that shine of yours . you keep you head down , keep you shine dull , and you hope to god that this people - or anything else like they - do not see you . once they see you , they come back . do you hear I ? they come back . ( beat ) keep you head down , and keep yourself safe . above all else . he stand , leave she on the bench as he walk away . CUT to : int . orderly station , rivington house - night Dan sit at the station , room dark around he . he smile as azzie hop up onto the counter , meow at he . dan hey azzie . the cat hop down , run to a OPEN door . meowing . dan ( cont 'd ) wow , get you wire cross tonight . no one 's in there , az . the cat meow louder , head inside . Dan follow . dan ( cont 'd ) I tell you , that room 's empty -- as he turn the corner , he see someone stand in the dark room . looking out the window . Dan take a step inside . int . patient's room , rivington house - continuous Dan step toward the figure , as he do he close he eye . we flash to a image of a large lock BOX , lid creaking OPEN -- 66 . dick whoa , hang on , Doc . it 's dick hallorann , barely visible in the moonlight . dan Dick ... I be sorry , I think ... dick think I be from the overlook . almost lock I up . still get visit from they old ghost ? dan it 's be year . Horace derwent be the last one . confetti on he suit . Said '' great party , be not it ? '' shit - — eat grin on he face ... ' till I pull out a box for he . that grin go fast . ( beat ) you know it never occur to I to ask , that year ago ... what happen to they in this box ? do they die in there ? dick do you care ? dan ( beat ) I have miss you . dick have it be a long time ? can not tell . this world be a dream of a dream to I now . dan eight year . Little more . dick last time I see you , you be at the bottom . you look better now . dan why be you here ? dick I be here because it all come ' round . ka 's a wheel , doc. dan abra. 67 . dick you listen , son , it hurt to be here so I will only say it once . if this empty devil ever find you , when you be a tyke - if they have even sniff you - you would be long dead . they be on the land like a cancer on the skin . once , they ride camel in the desert ; once they drive caravan ' cross Eastern Europe . they eat scream and drink pain and they have notice that little girl . Dick approach . eye grave . dick ( cont 'd ) they might kill she . might turn she . or might keep she till she 's all use up and that have be worst of all . you can not let ‘em . dan why I ? dick because she find you . because she show up . Hell doc , why I ? you just walk on into my kitchen one day , and I be still on the hook . some thing just be . dan what the hell be I suppose to do ? dick get she what she ask for . Dick turn back , head back toward the window . look out at the mountain in the moonlight . dick ( cont 'd ) you will not see I again , Doc . this be my last dream . it seem to I you grow up fine , son . but you still owe a debt . ( beat ) pay it . and then the room be empty . CUT to : 68. int . rose be rv - afternoon Rose sit in she camper . eye close . perfectly still when there be a knock at her door . she ignore it . another knock . rose goddammit , what ! the door open . crow lean inside . crow I be sorry to interrupt you - rose I tell you , no distraction ! nothing to eat , nothing to drink , just peace , quiet and meditation , I need all my wit for she tonight - crow that 's why I be here . found something . he approach , hold out a newspaper clipping . Rose take it from he : '' pocket EARTHQUAKE '' reported in anniston . rose ( read ) '' how small can a earthquake be ? pretty small , if the people of richland Court , a short anniston street that dead - end at the saco River , be to be believe . late Tuesday night , several resident of the street report a tremor that rattle window , shook floor , and send glassware tumble from shelf . although the geological Survey Center in wrentham report there be no temblor in New England last Tuesday '' - well I ’11l be . maybe , just maybe ... crow what do you think ? rose I think maybe . not 100 % , but I 'il take 50/50 . crow if it 's actually she - 69 . rose richland Court - crow - and she do that , shook a whole street in New Hampshire - rose have a place to focus on — not just a town but a street — will make thing a hell of a lot easier for I tonight . good catch . crow how you comin’ at she ? rose she will be asleep . I just want to look around . see who she be . pick up information , plant suggestion like worm . let ‘em burrow . a hundred worm , about she dear friend the knot . and when we roll up she will be so glad to see we she will hop right in the van . crow if she do that ... if she really shook the whole street , you should be careful . rose ( beat ) I should be careful . she 's a little girl . crow and you be the queen bitch of all time , I know . I be just sayin’ . he turn , leave she to meditate . CUT to : int . abra 's house , abra 's room - night abra sit on she bed , downtrodden . headphone in she ear . there 's a knock at she door , and Lucy lean in . lucy hey ... 70 . abra hey mom . lucy be you okay ? we miss you at dinner . abra I be okay . just a rough day . lucy wanna talk about it ? abra I be good . Lucy nod . know better than to push she . lucy I be fly out to see momo in the morning , I ‘’1ll be back as soon as I can ... ( hesitates ) abra ? abra yeah ? lucy be she ... gonna pull through this time ? be she gonna be okay ? abra look at she mother sadly . abra I do not know , mom . I hope so . tell she I love she . Lucy nod , and close the door behind she . abra sigh , turn off the light , and then lay down . close she eye , ready to sleep . and dream . CUT to : ext . campsite - night Rose sit atop she rv . leg cross in front of she , sit lotus . hand rest gently on she knee , center herself . get ready . above she , a sky full of star . she take a deep breath . concentrate ... 71 . she briefly open her eye , and we realize she be floating far above the ground . star above she , light below her ... the scattered light of small town , house . Cars . rose be traveling . ext . richland court - night a normal cul - de-sac , quiet . the light out . Rose stand by the street sign : richland court . as she step forward , toward the house -- the STREET revolve , as if folding toward her . folding in half , so that she be look straight ahead at the rooftop of the house . stare at each one ... noticing blue light come from one house . as if it be glowing softly . Rose move toward the roof , and again the world turn , revolving -- the house and the ground beneath it now upside down as Rose walk , star beneath she foot -- toward one bedroom window . she hold she hand up , press against the glass . peer inside ... it be abra 's room . dark , save a blue glow from within ... Rose close her eye , concentrate further -- pushing the window forward , the house tipping forward again , so that she be on top of the window , pushing down on it like she 's do a push - up -— and then it fall away , the glass dropping from the window , down into the room -- and silently evaporating into thin AIR . the house revolve again , Rose stepping forward through the open window as if it be a small door , and stand now , in -- int . abra' house , abra' room - night -- abra 's room . the room be dark , but above she the ceiling be full of star . Rose look at the girl sleeping in the bed . she can not see she face , it 's bury in the pillow . rose ( quietly ) keep sleep , princess . she step quietly , look at the wall of the room ... and we realize the wall be not wall at all . they be file drawer . memories . some label : '' Mom . '' '' dad . '' '' dream . '' '' School . '' 72 . rose ( cont 'd ) you rube . spend you whole life make little box , little memory , and you think they make you so rich ... you should see mine , kiddo . my mind 's a cathedral . she run she hand over the file drawer that make up the wall , look for something interesting . she see one , decorate in a child 's handwrite ... rose ( cont 'd ) well hi there . the drawer , larger than the other , be label '' I . '' Rose glance back at the bed , where abra 's still sleep . she smile . she reach up , pull open the drawer . it extend from the wall , come out about a foot . Rose peer inside , at the file folder pack the drawer ... she reach she hand inside to pull one out . suddenly , a horrible noise pierce the AIR . a bright spotlight shine down right in her eye -- the drawer slam shut on rose 's hand - crushing bone , snapping finger - Rose scream in SHOCK and surprise . yanking at her hand , but it be caught , like in a bear trap . she turn , realize that abra be sitting up ... but abra be different . her hair be SHOCK blonde , and she have no eye . no identify feature ... like her face have be censore . the only thing we recognize of abra be her smile . dream abra he say you have come back , and you do ... the smile become a grin . dream abra ( cont 'd ) good . she stand from the bed , move toward Rose . Rose flail , hand trap , vulnerable and stunned -- rose get back -- get back !! but '' abra '' just grins at she . advance . rose ( cont 'd ) you be a fuck child ! 73 . '' abra 's '' grin falter for just a moment , but she reach up , her hand heading for rose 's head -- rose ( cont 'd ) no -- and rose be suddenly alone in the room . all of the furniture be gone , a strange sludge on the ground , ooze up around she and holding her on the spot . a trap -- suddenly , Rose be aware of a noise . like paper be rifle through , very fast -- rose ( cont 'd ) where the hell do you ... ( realize ) no . she close she eye , and for just a flash we see -- -- a cavernous space , vast and dark , full of file cabinet drawer -- rose 's memories , rose 's mind -- and a young girl be rifling through they -- -- Rose open her eye , thrashing she head back and forth . rose ( cont 'd ) get out ! get out ! get ... the sound of paper be deafen as abra dig through Rose 's mind . desperate , Rose begin to tear her hand out of the drawer that hold it . her finger SNAP , the skin peel back -- but she rip her hand from the vice , and stumble toward the window , hold she hand . rose ( cont 'd ) get out ! the room rotate again , the window dropping down , and Rose stumble , falling through the open -- ext . richland court - continuous -- into the night , the world turning again , Rose free falling toward the sky , out of control -- the world turning beneath her , as though she 's suddenly at 35,000 feet , the wind knocking her back and forth , as the ground suddenly rush up toward her -- she plummet , down toward a rv park in a campsite -- 74 . ext . rose be rv - continuous -- and back into her own body , lay flat on she back on top of she camper -- as the world rotate violently to the side , send she rolling toward the edge of the camper -- and falling hard onto the ground beside it . she gasp , lift she face from the dirt . blood run from she nose , eye wide . crow rush toward her , follow by andi and several other member of the true knot . crow Rose ! rose ( gasp ) trap ... she try to stand up , put weight on she hand -- and howl with pain . she slump down , pull she hand up to she face to look at the damage -- broken finger . nail pulled out . deep gashes in she skin -- it 's like she hand be put through a shredder . andi what the hell happen ?! rose ( gasp ) Little bitch set a trap for I . andi you hand -- Rose shove her back . furious . she scream into the night . crow Rose -- she spin toward he , and we see -- her eye be different . inhuman . small point of light shine from she pupil , subtle ... but she feign humanity be slipping in she anger . crow ( cont 'd ) calm down . we know where she be now , right ? now we know . rose she be in my head . crow ( blink ) what ? 75 . rose stealing ! stealing from I ! crow what do she know ? rose I do not know ! crow how much do she see ? rose I do not know ! she fume . pace . clutch she damage hand . rose ( cont 'd ) she 's dead . that little thing dare ... fuck ... with I ... barry interrupt . barry there 's a problem - rose not now ! barry grampa flick . they turn and look at he . barry ( cont 'd ) I think he 's cycle . CUT to : int . dan be room , elliot STREET - night Dan stir in he sleep , a voice in he head -- cracking , like the frequency be off , but breaking through -- abra ( v.o. ) uncle Dan ! uncle Dan ! I hurt she , I really hurt she ! he wince , sit up . disorient . 76 . int . abra' house , abra' room - continuous abra sit in bed , in the dark . eye close . sending her thought . whisper to herself ... abra ( whisper ) I hurt she and she deserve it and that 's not the best part -- int . dan 's room , elliot STREET - continuous Dan hold he temple as he listen to she voice in he head , distort but clearly hers . abra ( v.o. ) -- the best part be I get in she head . I get in she head . uncle Dan ? be you there ? can you hear I ? dan ( to himself ) oh god , abra . what do you do ... Dan stand , head toward the wall . the word murder , crack into the plaster . he pick up a piece of chalk , and after a beat ... write '' okay . where ? '' and he stop . dan ( cont 'd ) ( to himself ) just talk to the kid . if we be gonna do this , let 's do this . he put the chalk down . take a beat ... and close he eye . dan ( cont 'd ) hi abra . int . abra' house , abra' room - continuous in she bed , abra suddenly light up . Dan 's voice filling her head , no distortion at all . like he 's right there . abra I can hear you ... dan ( v.o . ) I be sorry I send you away , before . tell I everything . then tell I what I have get to do in Iowa . CUT to : 77. ext . campsite - night the member of the true knot gather around the campfire . they have pull grampa flick out into a field , near the firelight . they stare at he , face pale and afraid . he lay on the ground , coughing . frail . he appear near death . crow crouch beside he . Rose be crying . andi stand beside she , confuse . andi I do not understand . rose you will . andi I think we live forever ... rose do someone promise you that , andi ? someone say you be immortal ? I say '' live long , eat well . '' we can live long , very long , and we do , most of we , but we have not be eat well , not for a long time now and grampa ... Rose look down at the pale man by the firelight . rose ( cont 'd ) he turn I , you know . a long , long time ago . crow approach they . crow he 's go . they step over grampa flick . as andi watch , we realize something have be happen - he skin be flickering . '' cycling '' between be visible , normal skin , and be transparent . we have flash of he skeleton within ... we can see he liver , he lung , he vein and arteries . the nerve connecting he eye to he brain -- and then , he 's back , and that eye fix on Rose . grampa flick rosie ... rose yes , love . 78 . she crouch to he . hold he hand . grampa flick I be scared ... rose ( defiant ) no . no you be not . not you , my love . you watch empire rise and fall , cheer the gladiator in Rome . you sail across ocean to new world and you feed on king , prince , and pope . they write myth of you and make statue and they tremble in they village and bed and skyscraper and they scream , scream at you come . they break against you like wave on rock and they die by the billion as you burn like a sun , for eon . eon . so no . you be not scared . not you . you be a god , and you eat fear . you be not afraid . he smile . tear fall down she cheek . rose ( cont 'd ) look at we . look at the family you make . we be you legacy , love , and we be legion . as he look at they -- the cycling begins again . violent this time . he scream as he body contort , flashing transparent , then back , then into something else -- something underneath it all , under the skin and the bulging eye and the vein and the bone -- something like a insect , its eye glowing fiery red -- inhuman mouth OPEN in a scream -- cycling between these three version of himself , scream in agony until -- he burst apart . not a explosion ... just as though he have atomized . his physical body converting ... to steam . and , tear in they eye , he '' family '' step forward -- and begins breathing he in . feasting . CUT to : 79 . int . hallway , elliot STREET - before dawn Dan knock at the door . again . and again . after a few moment ... billy answer . billy it 's four in the morning -- dan you have always see I , billy . get a sense about people , that fair to say ? you think I be a honest man ? a good man ? billy stare at he . confused . billy I do , Dan . dan I need you help . and the first thing I need be for you to listen to a story and try - harder than you have ever try - to believe I . int . dan 's car - sunrise Dan drive down the highway . he look over at the passenger seat , where billy be sleeping . the vast countryside , the sun come up . a voice from the back seat . abra ( v.o. ) how 's it go ? Dan smile . dan should not you be get ready for school ? the camera pivot -- revealing abra , in the back seat . abra yeah but I want to tag along . how long have you be drive ? dan few hour so far . we should be there tonight . late . abra who 's that ? 80 . Dan look over at billy , sleep soundly . dan a friend . maybe my best friend . ( beat ) any more visitor ? abra no . and I have try to find she again , but she put up a firewall . dan well when we get the glove , we will know where they be . and we need to , more than ever . now that she 's really onto you . int . abra' house , abra' room - continuous abra sit in she bed , headphone on . concentrate . she smile , lean back . abra you should have see she face . she be scared , uncle Dan . int . dan' car -— continuous abra smile at he . she be enjoying this . abra scare like that kid be scared . all that kid she 's kill ... she be so mad , and so scared , that I get inside . ( beat ) that be a new trick . I have never do that before . dan I have not either . what be it like ? abra like a library . I guess we be all library , inside . it look like a cathedral of file cabinet , but only because that 's how she think of they . if she be think of a museum , or a computer , I would have see that , I think . 81 . dan how would you do it ? abra like this , just a little push -- Dan jolt , the car wheel spinning a little in he hand . for a moment , a flash -- int . overlook HOTEL , library - night -- the library of the overlook . a typewriter on a desk . file cabinet , many , from the floor to the ceiling ... then a flash into darkness -- a abyssal darkness , filled with locked box . dozen and dozen of they . like coffins ... abra step toward the lock box , each the size of a person . the lide bumping , scratching . thing try to get out -- dan ( v.o. ) abra ! int . abra' house , abra' room - continuous abra land on the floor of she bedroom . abra sorry ! sorry ... her door open , and David poke he head in . david you okay ? abra yeah , sorry , roll out of bed . david you feel any better ? abra I be okay dad . sorry about that . he leave . abra stand up , get back onto she bed . int . dan be car - moment later Dan shake he head , laugh a little , glance at billy . still asleep . abra appear in the back seat again . 82 . abra I be sorry . I be not try to -- dan it 's okay . abra you be strong . I mean it ... you just push I right out . like it be nothing . ( beat ) what be that box ? dan nothing . abra liar . dan ( long beat ) when I be a kid ... young than you ... I bump into something like this thing . something that eat , like they do . only it be not a person ... it be a place . ( beat ) they close it down , after . let it rot . but some of the thing that live there , they ... do not poke around in there again . abra I will not . I promise . ( beat ) thank you . for help I . dan do not thank I yet , kiddo . CUT to : ext . campsite - evening Rose sit at the edge of the wood , look out in the tree . behind she , crow approach . crow we be almost ready . load up . rose good . get the caravan on the road , we will have she in a day or two ... crow I do not think you should come . rose ( beat ) the fuck do you just say ? crow she tag you . she get in you head -- rose wo not happen again . I underestimate she a bit but it will not happen again -- crow she know you . and who know how much she get to before you kick she out . rose she 's mine , crow . crow she be . but right now , far as we know , you be the only one of we she could track . she see you come , she could run . or set another trap . better you hang back . he step toward she , put he hand on she crow ( cont 'd ) I 'il knock she out cold . one of we asset in the NSA give I the good stuff , put she out without a chance of overdose . I be gonna head South , circle around , come at she froma different direction -- rose I should be there . crow I will sniff she out , like I always do . track she right to the door , like I always do . deliver she right to you foot , like always . all yours . but if she see you come it put we all in danger and you know that , rosie , you know I be right about this . 83 . arm . 84 . Rose nod . he 's right . crow ( cont 'd ) I ' 1l leave andi with you , if you want -- rose no . you will need you strength , all of you , if she pull a trick on you . you stay together . crow I get some trick of my own . he kiss she . smile . and turn , head back toward the van . Rose watch he go . CUT to : ext . seclude road - night billy 's drive now . Dan sit beside he , exhaust . billy I think we be here . Dan sit up . there 's nothing but corn field all around . dan okay , let I see if I can get she . ( beat ) abra ... and long beat . and then , she 's in the back seat . abra that 's the sign . she point . Dan follow . there , in the headlight : organic industries . ethanol plant # 4 . close until further notice . abra ( cont 'd ) pull around back -- dan pull around back -- abra and I 'il tell you when to stop -- dan she 'il tell we when to stop . 85 . billy look over at he . worried . billy I gotta tell you , danno . I do not know whether I hope you be right or wrong about this . I mean if you be wrong , it mean my friend be crazy . I mean full - blow - mental - breakdown - monster - kill -imaginary - kid bonker , but I can work with that . if you be right though ... dan I know . it 's much worse . ext . abandoned ethanol plant - later billy and Dan stand in a familiar spot . fresh dirt . darker now , with only the one set of headlight . the plant loom above they . Dan pull the shovel out of the back of the car . dan you should go home . billy what ? you say you need my help - dan not you . pull back to reveal : abra , stand with they . billy oh ... you be talk to she ? she 's here now ? abra I can handle it . dan no . we will take it from here . abra hang back , reluctant . finally , she be go . dan ( cont 'd ) okay . just we . billy look at he , scared , as Dan start digging . and digging . some time pass ... dan ( cont 'd ) you smell that ? 86 . billy keep digging . face pale . billy use to hunt . do I ever tell you that ? dan no. billy Deer . this one summer , I clipped this buck , have be tracking he two day , and I get the shot and I clipped he . he run off . I go after , figure he be not gonna last long but he vanish , just up and evaporate . not a trace . truly baffling . Dan and billy keep digging . billy ( cont 'd ) five day later , I be try a different spot . mile away . mile . and I come round , look for a spot for the blind , and I smell he ... smell he . found that buck , huddle up to a hollow trunk . Dead for day . the smell , the look of he -- never hunt a day since . ( beat ) this 's the same smell . they dig more . dirt pile a little higher . and then ... dan billy . billy look over . there , barely reveal in the dirt ... be the leather of a shoe . stick out . they lock eye , and gently drop to they knee . digging higher with they glove hand ... holding there breath , gasping for air when they can . and finally they stand back . protrude from the dirt , be the scream , rotting face of Bradley trevor . still locked in horror , bug and worm have they day . the baseball glove , clutch in he hand . Dan lean forward , crying now . he reach out , gently sliding the baseball glove through the white , break finger . dan ( cont 'd ) Jesus wept . 87. billy stumble out of the shallow grave , vomiting onto the ground . Dan follow , look sadly down . billy fuck ... fuck , danno . how the fuck ... they do not even bury he deep . they bury he shallow . dan I be sorry , billy . billy what do you get we into -- he put he hand on he shoulder . billy ( cont 'd ) what do we do now -- dan we cover he back up . call the police from a payphone , on the way out of town . let he parent have he , at least . and we get this glove to the girl who need it . int . dan' car —- morning Dan drive , billy sit in the passenger seat . Shell shocked . look out at the sun over the empty field . billy the people who do that ... dan they be not people . billy no . no they be not . anyone who would do that to a little boy ... they be not people . ( beat ) but they be come . dan yes . billy nod . Processing . abra ( 0.s. ) do you get it ? Dan sigh . abra be in the back seat . 88 . dan yeah , we get it . billy she 's back ? dan we be head to you . we ’1ll be there in the morning , we have a stop to make . abra ... I need you to show you parent what 's happen . abra no ! dan yes . abra no ! they just -- they almost think I be normal ! if I tell they - dan Rose ’1ll go through they to get to you . you know that , do not you ? she will cut they down without a second think and she be come , abra . they need to know . abra glare at he . tear in she eye . and then ... she 's go . Dan sigh . look over at billy . billy what stop do we have to make ? dan do you still have that old deer rifle ? billy look at he . the color drain from he face . CUT to : ext . abra 's house - the next morning Dan pull into the driveway . he 's cleaned up , the dirt all go . billy be with he . as Dan step out of the car -- david burst through the front door . abra tugging at he . david ( furious ) you be '' uncle Dan ? '' 89 . abra dad ! david the fuck do you think you be -- dan Sir -- david she be thirteen year old -- dan ( to abra ) I tell you to show he -- abra I tell he ! dan not the same thing . david I be kick you ass before I call the police -- David grab Dan , spinning he around , shove he onto the car . billy rush forward . billy hey -- Dan hold up he hand , wave billy back . dan abra -- david do not say she name you sick son of a bitch -- dan abra ! David wrap he elbow around Dan 's neck , hurling he down , ready to pound he face -- David suddenly scream as a loud noise fill he head . like a AIR horn , crushing he ear . he stumble back , hand to he ear . billy watch ... he can ’t hear anything . finally the noise stop , and another noise fill he head : 90 . abra ( v.o. ) dad . David stumble , he hand come up to he head . abra 's voice loud inside he mind . he spin back to she , stunned . abra ( v.o. ) stop . Dan get to he foot . dan I be sorry mister Stone . I 'ma friend . and everything she tell you be true . david the hell ... be happen ... dan abra need to show you something . CUT to : int . abra' house , kitchen - moment later they sit at the table . David shake he head . still angry , but mostly confuse . billy I see he . I see the body , it 's true . david probably you friend here put he there . you think about that ? billy not for long , I do not . dan you daughter be special , Mr. Stone . david do not talk about she -- dan and you know that . deep down . David do not answer . 91 . dan ( cont 'd ) she see what happen to that little boy , and she see who do it . ( turn to abra ) show he . abra walk toward David . reaches up , touch he head . abra I be sorry daddy . I really do not want to ... david do not want to what -- she close she eye . and suddenly -- flash . the ethanol plant . BRADLEY 's scream face . rose , leaning over he ... Dan and billy watch sadly as David convulse in the chair , the image play through he head . a look of bewildered horror on he face . tear fall as he relive Bradley 's final moment ... and then he scream -- int . abra' house , kitchen - later a shaking hand pour a glass of whiskey . we follow it up to David 's pale face , still processing what he just see . down the drink in a single gulp . he turn to Dan and billy . david drink ? they each manage a very small , sad smile . waving he away . dan and billy no thanks . david that ... people . they know about my daughter ? dan they do . and sooner or later , they be come . david we have gotta do something . call the police , the FBI -- 92 . dan they have be do this a long , long time sir . they be ancient , rich , and connect . I do not think they be very worried about police . david well where be they ? when be they come ? where can we go -- dan abra can answer that . if she 's ready . abra sit at the table . steeling herself . abra I be ready . Dan reach into he bag , and slowly - reverently - remove the baseball glove . she stare at it . dan be you sure you want to do this ? I be ask all of you . this be dangerous . I mean truly , truly dangerous . abra I have to . they already know I . they be already on they way . and they can not keep do this , uncle Dan . we can not let they . he move toward she . holding it out . abra take a breath ... and take the glove . close her eye . we hold on she . hear the gentle sound of a highway fade up . and when she open she eye , she 's in -- int . crow 's rv - day -- crow 's rv . staring at barry hand ... the same hand that wear the glove . her tracking point . she look up from Barry , who be asleep in he chair . look toward the driver 's seat -- where crow be drive . she turn back , toward the back of the rv , look out the window -- at another vehicle . snakebite andi be drive . there 's a small caravan on the move ... 93 . int . abra' house , kitchen - continuous abra open her eye . abra I - 95 . Barry , the crow , the snake and a few other . they be close . very close . the tree have not change that much , maybe Massachusetts but they be close . dan Rose ? abra do not see she . but they be come . ( beat ) I do not want they anywhere near my dad . nowhere . david if you think I be leave you -- dan you be not . int . abra' house , abra' room - moment later Dan step into abra 's bedroom , follow by abra , David and billy . he look around . dan this be the only room she see ? abra that 's right . and I make some change . hid some thing . dan okay ... they 'il be try to track you . try to catch on . his eye go to the stuffed bunny by she bed . the same one she carry when she be a little girl . Dan stare . a idea . dan ( cont 'd ) and you be go to let they . abra be you crazy ? 94 , dan probably . but you be go to let they , and then I need you to try to do a little trick . abra ( smile ) a magic trick ? dan more like ventriloquism . CUT to : int . dan be car - day Dan drive . beside he , abra sit in the passenger seat . billy be in the back . no sign of David . abra ( eye close ) they be follow we . dan good . let they . you okay ? abra I be okay . dan concentrate . you have gotta keep it up until they land . abra I know . ext . state park - later Dan 's car drive into the state park entrance . pass campground ... head deeper into the wood . CUT to : ext . campsite - day Rose step out of she camper . look around the nearly desert campsite , sighing . she climb the ladder , get onto the roof . sitting lotus , quieting herself . 95 . rose okay , crow daddy . go get she . CUT to : ext . state park , campsite - later Dan 's car come to a stop . he climb out , look around . a nice , secluded area ... no other camper , not just yet . some picnic table . billy get out behind he , head to the trunk . dan this could work . billy good blind , over there and there . Dan walk to abra 's door , open it . look in at she . she 's sit very still , concentrate hard . dan still close ? abra get closer . I think . this be tough - dan I know . not much longer . come on . let 's get you ready . CUT to : ext . state park , campsite - later the rv move slowly through the park . purposefully . down the wood path ... and to the clear . ext . state park , campsite - continuous the vehicle come to a stop . the door open ... and andi , Barry , Silent sarey and apron Annie step out . try to look casual . look across the field , toward the picnic area -- where abra sit at the table , eye close . concentrate . andi point . Barry nod , and they start fanning out . head toward she . 96 . by the tree line : Dan and billy crouch . hiding . watch they through rifle scope . the crosshair on the group ... billy ( whisper ) I do not know , Dan . Jesus , I do not know if I can do this - dan I know . I know ... billy I mean , they be people . I do not know if I can just ... dan look at they hand . he do . he see -- syringe . in andi 's hand , and in Barry 's , as they approach abra . by the table : andi step closer . abra be sitting still , eye close . concentrating . andi Excuse I , sweetheart . abra open she eye . andi ( cont 'd ) you look relaxed . you feel relaxed , do not you abra . abra ( beat ) I guess . andi you should . just relax . we be friend . abra you be friend . andi that 's right . she step closer , syringe behind she back . andi ( cont 'd ) just friend , and we want to take you to meet more friend . good friend . 97 . she get closer . Close enough to reach out and touch she . by the tree line : Dan 's finger tighten on the trigger . billy watch through the scope as andi lift the needle . by the table : andi stick the needle into abra 's arm , depress the syringe . and laugh to herself . andi ( cont 'd ) well shit , the way they talk you up , I be expect it to be little harder than that ... her smile fade . she stare ... abra isn't there . she just stick a syringe into abra 's stuffed bunny . she blink . the spell break . look around wildly . as she turn , she eye burn with light . like flame . billy gasp when he see she eye -- billy oh my god . dan they be not people , billy . not even close . andi glare at Barry . andi the fuck ? Barry and the other converge , eye wild . barry parlor trick . Fucking parlor trick - bang . a bullet spin he around . ext . campsite - continuous Rose suddenly lurch forward , gasping in pain . rose get out get out get out of there -- ext . state park , campsite - continuous they turn toward the tree line -- 98 . where Dan and billy OPEN FIRE . bang bang bang bang bang -- the bullet strike apron annie and silent sarey as they dive for cover . Barry pull he own pistol , firing back -— billy shoot he in the head . barry drop , he body cycling fast - billy Holy shit -- Barry 's skin cycling , translucent , he scream skull visible through he skin before he true form , he insect - like form , flash briefly -- and he burst away in a cloud of steam -- bang bang - apron Annie and Silent sarey slam into tree , and the ground , before cycling violently away -- andi be hit in the shoulder , spinning her like a top . she scramble back toward the rv , look up to see -- abra , staring at her . grinning . andi you little shit -- abra you deserve it . you -- int . abra' house , kitchen - continuous abra sit on her kitchen table , meditating . grinning . beside she , David watch , nervous . abra -- deserve it . all of you . ext . state park , campsite - continuous Dan and billy advance on the rv . firing at another true knot member , knocking they down . they start to cycle on the ground . they flank the rv , move fast . billy gesture that he 's go around back , and Dan head for the door . Inside , andi 's face pop up by the window , and Dan fire -- but he 's out of ammo . andi neat trick . 99 . Dan frantically try to reload , drop to one knee . pull out some ammo , load the gun fast . andi ( cont 'd ) where 's the girl ? click . he chamber a round . andi ( cont 'd ) get just one question for you sweetie ... he bring the gun up , training it on the window . wait ... andi 's face appear in the door . andi ( cont 'd ) be not you sleepy ? Dan drop to one knee . the gun falling from he hand . he 's suddenly very tire , try to will himself to stay awake . andi gasp as he start to get back up . andi ( cont 'd ) ( impressed ) you be sleepy . Dan glare at her . defiant . andi ( cont 'd ) sleep . Dan keep fighting . andi stare at he , not sure what' happening . why isn ’t this working ... she step out of the rv . andi ( cont 'd ) sleep . finally , Dan drop . unconscious . CUT to : int . abra' house , kitchen - continuous abra bolt up , panicked . abra wake up ! uncle Dan , wake up -- CUT to : 100 . darkness . abra 's voice , far away , try to push through the dark ... abra ( 0.s. ) wake up ! Dan 's eye start to open . ext . state park , campsite - moment later Dan squint , look up to andi , who be stand over he . lift he gun . andi Fucking man . Fucking man ... dan ( groggy ) child eater . andi stop . stare at he . andi you rube slaughter cow , pig . chicken . it 's no different . she raise the gun , point it at he head -- dan close he eye -- bang . he open they . the shot do not come from andi ... it come from billy , who lean against the corner of the rv . pistol smoking in he hand . he get she right in the neck . andi drop the rifle , hand to she wound . bang - the second shot hit her chest , spinning her . she hit the ground . billy step closer as Dan try to get to he knee . billy fuck ... fuck . that 's all of they , danno . that 's all -- dan ( choke ) stay back - andi lay on the ground , she skin cycling . her eye staring at billy through she translucent skin , the blood from the bullet wound visible spread through body as she cycle . 101 . he stare , awestruck ... andi ( raspy ) kill yourself . billy blink . Dan burst forward , try to grab the gun -- dan billy no ! no ! billy struggle against dan as andi laugh , cycle on the ground ... and billy smashes the stock of the gun into Dan 's face , knocking he back . billy look at he , helpless , eye wide and terrify as he turn the pistol on himself -- dan ( cont 'd ) noooo -- billy fire . Dan stare . devastate . a splash of blood hit he face . the sound of billy 's body hit the ground , and then ... andi finishes cycling , a burst of steam dissipating into the AIR . Dan crawl to billy . tear in he eye . dan ( cont 'd ) I be sorry ... I be so sorry ... billy look at he , still confuse ... and then red steam rise from billy 's mouth and nose . a death rattle ... and then billy be go . Dan cry , look around . helpless . barely aware of abra , stand over he shoulder . watch . abra there 's one miss -- there be a van . there be a van . he turn to she , not understanding . abra ( cont 'd ) I do not see the crow . where 's the crow -- and she suddenly vanish . dan abra . abra !!! CUT to : 102 . int . abra' house , kitchen - continuous abra look up , lip quivering . a needle stick in she neck , the syringe depressed . crow smile at she as she stare at he . crow hello , abra . she collapse , he catch her . start to lift she up ... david ( 0.s. ) get away from she . crow stop . turn . chuckle to himself to see david , stand at the kitchen door . a knife in he hand . david ( cont 'd ) step back . crow gently place abra down on the table . crow sure thing , daddy . you know , I be glad we get to meet . david I will kill you . crow brave word . always tickle I , watch you rube threaten a god . you know , you little girl ... she 's maybe the best food we will ever have . he step toward David . crow ( cont 'd ) I be so glad I have a chance to compliment the chef . CUT to : ext . abra' house - minute later the front door open . crow carry abra to the driveway , where he van be park . he leave the door open behind he , and through the doorway we see -- david' lifeless body , crumpled on the kitchen floor . CUT to : 103 . ext . state park , campsite - continuous Dan spin around in the field , next to the abandon rv. desperate . tear on he face , blood on he clothes . dan abra ! abra ! abra ! silence . no response . he stand in the field , look around . the only evidence that anything bad ever happen here ... be billy corpse , sprawle out by the camper . Broken , alone , Dan head to he car . CUT to : ext . campsite - continuous Rose pace , tear on she face . rage . and finally she phone ring . she look at it , relieved , rush it to she ear . rose tell I you get she . a beat ... and then she relaxes . rose ( cont 'd ) thank you . thank you love . CUT to : int . van - evening abra lay on the back seat . tied up with she seatbelt . she start to come to , blink . groggy . look around with growing panic . crow oh good , you be awake . she look up at he . squeezy her eye shut . abra Dan - crow do not bother . abra dry heave , try to get she bearing . abra what 's wrong with I ... 104 . crow you be dose , missy . more than I ever use before . might let you wake up , here and there , but that steam of yours be fast asleep . abra ( realize ) my dad . crow do not answer . abra ( cont 'd ) ( angry ) what happen to my dad . crow lotta good people kill today . lotta good people . abra start to cry . crow ( cont 'd ) would love to tell you someone will pay , some kind of justice raining down for the sad event today but it do not work like that . we be always gonna have you . some of my people be dead , some of yours dead ... outcome do not change , though . think on that a minute . outcome do not change , so they death ... all of they ... just a waste . a waste , you bring on we all . for what ? abra close she eye . tries to reach out to Dan . abra please ... hear I ... crow ai not no one hearing you , darling . might as well calm down , enjoy the ride . like I say . outcome have not change . CUT to : int . dan be room , elliot STREET - later that night Dan enter the room , a brown bag in he hand . he frantically pull out its content ... a bottle of whiskey . 105 . dan oh please , please please please . ( concentrate ) abra ... abra ! abra ! silence . dan ( cont 'd ) ( concentrate ) Dick ... you there ? I need help ... I need you help ... Dick please ... he stare at it . tear on he cheek . close he eye . dan ( cont 'd ) do not Doc . you do not need it , you do not ... ( quiet ) someone help I . tony ... please help I , tony . silence . he lean forward , picking up the bottle . hold it in he hand . stare at it . and after a few long , agonizing moment -- ext . elliott STREET - moment later the bottle fly out of Dan 's window , smashing on the sidewalk below . int . dan be room , elliot STREET - continuous Dan sit back down . stare at the wall in front of he , the word murder crack into the wall . dan okay . okay . he always say you brain be like a radio ... he sit lotus , collect himself . dan ( cont 'd ) no one 's answer when you call . so stop call . ( beat ) and just listen . Dan concentrate . a haze of noise ... and then voice . dozen . hundred . then thousand ... voice in the dark . overwhelming . dan wait . wait . 106 . he try to sort through they . concentrate harder than he ever have before . blood begins to run from he nose . and finally , there in the mess of noise , a tiny voice ... abra ( 0.s. ) Dan ... he throws he arm out in front of he as the entire room tip forward . he slide across the floor , bracing himself up against the wall -- and open he eye . he wall be gone . he 's in a van . abra be on the seat in front of he , curl down . crying quietly . dan hi. she look . eye wide , groggy . tries to sit up . dan ( cont 'd ) do not talk . he look past she , to where crow be drive . look at the seat belt tie around abra , hold she down . dan ( cont 'd ) he drugge you . she nod . dan ( cont 'd ) I be so sorry . abra ( v.o. ) help ... he lean forward . dan I be go to try something . you be weak , and he 's block you , I could barely hear you ... I need you to trust I . okay ? okay ? she nod . he reach out he hand , toward hers . she stretch , try to touch he fingertip with she own ... CUT to : int . van - moment later 107 . crow drive along . behind he , abra sit up in she seat . stare right at he . he glance in the mirror . crow awake again , huh ? might need to dose you at the next rest stop . abra where be we go ? crow you know where . abra look around . abra fuck . I feel ... hang over . crow told you . it 's good shit . abra have not feel hungover in year . and you know I do not miss it . not even a little . crow pause . look at she in the mirror . abra ( cont 'd ) ( look out the window ) West ... stay off the major road , huh ? smart . she see a sign . crownville , 10 mile . abra ( cont 'd ) crownville . New York . crow stare . look closely . abra look back at he in the mirror , but she eye be different . colder . angry . and they 're brown . not blue . crow ( quietly ) who be you ? abra I be the guy that kill you friend . 108 . crow freeze . be not sure what to do . clench up , like a man walk through a mine field . crow well nice to meet you . neat trick ... have not see this one before . abra wanna see one more ? crow slowly reach for the gun at he hip . abra ( cont 'd ) do not imagine Rose ’1ll be happy if you shoot the prize . crow 's hand stop . crow do not suppose Rose be gonna be happy about any of this . and when that woman get mad ... well , seem to I you know enough to know you might wanna sit this one out . Count you blessing , go on you way . abra reach around , check she seat belt . she laugh . crow ( cont 'd ) what 's so funny , friend . abra well , it 's just ... arrogance . arrogance , really . but it make sense . if you think you be gonna live forever , stand to reason ... she grin at he . abra ( cont 'd ) of course you would not wear you seat belt . crow glance down . his belt unbuckled -- abra throws her hand out , jerking they to the right -- the steering wheel jerk to the right as she doe --— 109 . ext . seclude road - continuous the Van swerve from the road , through the guard rail , barreling toward the tree -- and crash . hard . crow be ejected through the windshield -- int . dan be room , elliot STREET - continuous Dan jerk awake on he bedroom floor , the momentum of the crash send he flying backward against he bed -- ext . campsite - continuous -- Rose drop to her knee , scream in pain and SHOCK ... rose nooooo ! !! ext . seclude road - moment later the van be slammed against the tree . Inside , abra be held fast by she seat belt . she look around , disoriented ... abra ( weak ) Dan ? Dan ? she get out of the car . walk toward the smashed hood -- and see crow , crumpled on the ground . cycling . she crouch down next to he . he stare at she , shocked and bewildered , eye bulging beneath he translucent skin -- abra ( cont 'd ) I hope that hurt . a lot . he cycle , contort one last time into the inhuman creature that reside underneath ... and then vanish in a rush of steam . leave abra alone . int . dan be room , elliot STREET - continuous Dan smile . gasp . wiping the blood from he nose . dan hang tight , abra . I be come . he grab he key , and run into the night . CUT to : ext . seclude road - later 110 . abra walk up the street by herself , in the dark . shaken by the crash . as she do , she look up and see -— rose . stand in the middle of the road , in the moonlight . abra gasp -- but then realize . she can see the moonlight through rose . abra well hi there . Rose glare at she . abra ( cont 'd ) guess there 's no point hide anymore , be there . rose you kill they . you kill he . abra the crow ? I do . and I be gonna kill you , Rose the hat . Rose bristle . smile at she ... but we can see the rage behind she eye . the disbelief . rose Big word , dear . Big word from such a small child -- abra a small child that just kill you man . rose i’1ll come for you . abra I know . I hope so . because if you do not , if you chicken out , you coward , and I really need you to hear I when I say this ... she step close . abra ( cont 'd ) I ’1ll come for you . abra push her way through Rose , and the projection burst away like a puff of smoke . CUT to : 111 . int . rose be rv - continuous Rose open her eye . fuming . rose alright , bitch -child . alright . Rose get up , go to the canister of steam . the last of they . she tear they OPEN with she hand , gorging herself on the steam that come from they . pull it all in . as we watch , she skin glimmer . her eye glowing from the pupil ... she 's getting stronger . as the steam course through she , her hand begins to heal . ext . crown motel - morning Dan 's car pull into the parking lot . he get out , look around ... and see abra , crouch in the corner of the parking lot . she run to he , throw she arm around he . CUT to : int . dan 's car - afternoon abra wake up in the passenger seat . Dan be drive . she look out the window ... abra I be sorry , I doze off . dan you earn it . abra where be we ? dan ohio. abra where be we go ? Dan look at the road . his face pale . dan ( long beat ) Colorado . abra why Colorado ? 112. dan ( beat ) she 's go to keep come . abra I know . dan always . this only end if we end it ... and I do not think we can beat she . not by ourselves . ( beat ) there 's a place . it 's a dangerous place , for people like we . abra the place you tell I about . the hungry place . dan that 's right . abra if it 's so dangerous , why would we go there ? dan because if it 's dangerous for people like we ... and it be ... I expect it 's dangerous for people like she . maybe even more so . they drive in silence . abra good . she 's follow we , you know . dan that 's good . let her. ( beat ) I be sorry . about you father . abra nod . take a beat ... and start to cry . abra I be sorry about you friend . ( beat ) this will not end . not unless we end it . so let 's end it . they drive on . dissolve to : 113. ext . i- 80 west - evening Dan 's car blaze down the road . the field of Iowa extend around they . int . dan' car -— continuous abra look out the window . abra Iowa . where this start . dan start before that , I be afraid . abra 's phone ring . she look at it ... abra oh no. ( beat ) it 's my mom . Dan nod . dan tell she you be okay . but do not tell she where we be go ... you do not want Rose within a hundred mile of she . abra I know . what do I say to she ? Dan reach out , take she hand . abra answer the phone . abra ( cont 'd ) hi Mom ... ext . abra' house - intercut Lucy sit on the curb , surround by police . they be go through she house . tear on she face , devastate and shocked . lucy oh thank god -- where be you ? be you okay ? as she talk , several detective stand beside she , listen . 114 . int . dan be car - intercut abra try to hold it together . abra I be okay , mom . I be okay . lucy come home ... my god , abra , what 's happen ... abra I can not tell you . yet . but I be okay . I be with a friend , and we be go to ... we be go to get the people that do this to dad . lucy who do this ?! abra I be sorry mom . I x11 call when I can . ( beat ) I love you . she hang up . look over at dan. abra ( cont 'd ) when we be safe , you will call she . tell she where to find we . dan I will . abra okay . she roll down the window , and throws the phone out . dissolve to : ext . gas station , sidewinder CO . - night abra look up at the imposing mountain as Dan finish gassing up the car . a light snowfall on the ground around they , more on the mountain above . he climb back inside . dan not too much further . up the mountain . 115 . abra be we go to win , uncle Dan ? dan we have to . they start drive . ext . mountain pass - night the familiar mountain pass , the camera floating overhead as Dan 's car trek up the snowy mountainside . Higher and higher , and further and further away from civilization . toward the one place in the world he fear the most . ext . overlook HOTEL - late at night Dan 's car approach , and come to a stop . the headlight shine on the old hotel . it be condemned . Dark , board up . the decade of neglect and decay evident in its crumble form , the once grand hedge - maze just overgrown . a foot of snow on the ground , almost enough to make the road impassable . but somehow , they have make it . Dan climb out of the car . face pale . dan there it be . abra join he . dan ( cont 'd ) this be what we be go to do . you be go to stay in the car , keep the heater run . I do not want you spend a minute inside there if you do not have to . he point down the road , follow it as it snake around the adjacent mountain . dan ( cont 'd ) she can only come this way . you will see she a mile out , easy . you see light on the mountain , over there ... you blast I , okay ? and I nil meet you in the lobby . 116 . abra you be not wait with I ? dan I can not , I be afraid . abra why not ? dan because I have get to go wake it up . she climb back into the car , start the engine . and Dan torrance walk through the snow , toward the overlook Hotel . CUT to : int . overlook HOTEL , lobby - moment later the camera float through the lobby . the hotel be terribly damaged , dark . mold and water damage everywhere . rotted board on the window . this be not a hotel ... it 's a carcass . loud bang at the front door . they get louder as we get closer ... and then we see the door give way as Dan force he way inside . he walk in , look around . the silence of the place overwhelming . he look to he leave , toward the elevator ... long out of order . Dark . dan wakey wakey . he stand in the lobby , wait . wait . and then ... a few of the light start to shine , very dim . almost imperceptible . just a faint current run through old wire ... he nod . good . he start to walk further into the hotel . int . overlook HOTEL , blue hallway —- later Dan walk the path he tricycle take so many year ago . past the kitchen wall , now grimy and rotted . into the next corridor , turn leave -- revealing a hall with familiar blue floral wallpaper , some of it peel . he walk , look up at the light fixture , watch as they continue to hum with weak light ... light he’s providing , as he continue to feed the hotel more power . 117 . he reach the corner , and hesitate before he turn . we hesitate too ... we know what once stand on the other side . Dan turn the corner , revealing a dark hall . the familiar window at the end ... but no little girl in blue dress . he keep walk . around he , the light continue to struggle back to life . CUT to : int . overlook HOTEL , live quarter hallway - later he round another corner . look past the stairwell , at what use to be the live quarter ... the door broken apart . by a axe . hanging lazily open on its hinge . he approach the door , slowly pushing it OPEN . stepping into : int . overlook , live quarter , live room - continuous the live room . he can see the bedroom beyond it , all rotten by time . he move slowly into the -- int . overlook , live quarter , bedroom - continuous -- bedroom , and look at the bathroom door . the childish scribbling , fade , on the door : redrum . and above it , the giant hole create by he father 's axe . Dan approach it . bring he face close to the gap , look through the break door , just as he father once do ... to the little window , where he have once crawle out into the snow outside . he stare sadly at the room ... and then turn , walk back through the residence , into the dark hotel . int . overlook HOTEL , boiler room - later Dan step into the darkness of the boiler room . dusty , cold . Dark . he head to the boiler , and start turning valve . int . overlook HOTEL , gold room - later Dan move down the hallway outside the gold room . realizing there be light coming from inside ... 118 . he step into the double door , look past the table and chair , toward the broken stage at the front of the room . and then see the source of the light ... the bar . at the far end of the room . lit perfectly from below , a empty glass on the bar . waiting for he . and after a long beat , he approach the bar . past the formerly grand ball room , now dilapidate . he arrive , sit at one of the stool . stare at the glass . bartender ( 0.s. ) slow night , mister torrance . in front of he , he back to we , a bartender wipe glass . dan not for long , I imagine . bartender you be a whiskey man , be you not ? dan I be . most of the time . the bartender turn to he . we do not see he face , but we see Dan 's expression as he 's pour a glass of jack daniel . he always know this day would come , somehow . bartender on the house . dan thanks , dad . we pull back . revealing the bartender ... it be jack torrance ( 40' ) . dress sharply , the same red tuxedo , the same black bowtie , that lloyd wear . part of the staff now . jack I be afraid you have confuse I with someone else . it 's Lloyd . dan Lloyd . jack I apologize , I be not sure where everyone be . but it 'il pick up . dan I know where they be . and you be right , it will pick up . ( beat ) ( more ) 119 . dan ( cont 'd ) this be you brand , Jack Daniels . I use to see the bottle at home - we real home , before all this . Mom would find they , hide sometimes . I smell one once . smell like something on fire . which , I suppose , it be . jack would you care for something else ? dan no . jack what 's the old say ? '' the ideal man do not smoke , do not drink , do not get angry -- '' dan '' do not exist . '' jack very good . if you do not mind my say , mister torrance , you seem ... put upon . dan put upon . jack ai not that the way . man just live he life , try to do he work , get put upon . pull into other people 's problem , I see it all the time . if you do not mind my say . dan ( beat ) so we live in Florida . jack I be sorry ? dan Mom and I . we never want to see snow again so we live in Florida . tiny place , but comfortable and we be happy . I mean we be grieve , we be traumatize , but there be happiness too . he stare at the drink . wanting it so bad . 120 . dan ( cont 'd ) I be twenty when she die . and not my best self , not by a mile . she see it , see you , in I , but she love I through it . then she get sick and back then I have see - when someone be gonna die - I would see fly . Black fly . death fly , I call they , circle people 's face , landing now and then and that last week she be cover . her whole face . could barely see she eye through they , and I have try to comfort she but I could hardly look at she and she see that . laid there die while she son ... avoid look ... Jack push the drink gently toward he . jack maybe something warm , to push away such unpleasantry - dan do not you want to hear ? I mean , she be you wife . you love she in you way , I know that . do not you want to hear about she last day ? what she say about you ? jack I think you have mistaken I for someone else . I be just a bartender . dan right . Lloyd the bartender : pour joy at the overlook Hotel . jack I nil pour whatever you would like , mister torrance . dan this drink cost a awful lot . jack you money 's no good here . order from the house . dan wo not cost money . it will cost I eight year . eight behind I , and who know how many in front of I . 121 . jack you credit be fine , mister torrance . Dan turn the glass . Rolling the booze around within . dan when the other start come back - and they all do , over the year - I expect you have have you turn . think I have turn a corner and there you would be . maybe with the axe . maybe type away , hunch over you old typewriter in the other room . maybe freeze in the snow ... but you do not come . jack perhaps a bourbon . we have a extensive collection . Dan pick up the glass . turn it over in he hand . wanting it , more than he 's want a drink in a long time ... dan '' man take a drink ... the drink take a drink ... then the drink take the man . '' ai not it so , dad ? I wonder , frankly , what we life would have be - what we family would have be - without this -- jack Medicine . Jack stare he down . something have change in he eye . jack ( cont 'd ) Medicine , be what it be . a bonafide cure - all . Depression , stress , failure , remorse , it wipe it all out . the mind be a blackboard and that 's the eraser and it 's good , good medicine , Dan . Jack lean forward , take the glass from he . knock it back . jack ( cont 'd ) a man try , he provide , but he 's surround by mouth . mouth that eat , cry , scream , nag - so he ask for one thing . ( more ) jack ( cont 'd ) one thing , just for he , to warm he up , take the sting out of day of that mouth eat and eat and eat everything he make . everything he have . and a family , a wife , a kid - that mouth eat time . eat you day on earth . gobble they up , chew they to paste and even then , while they be still chew they scream at you . shout for more , tell you you be wrong , do not even bother to say '' thank you . '' just eat , and whine until you be empty and do . he pour another . pushes it to dan. jack ( cont 'd ) enough to make a man sick . and this be the medicine . so tell I , pup . you gonna take you medicine ? he wait . Dan lean back . afraid . dan I be not -- 122. Jack smashes the glass out of the way . the liquor fly out , splashing onto Dan 's shirt . Jack stare he down ... a warm smile appear , out of nowhere . jack oh ! look at that , I be sorry , clumsy old I , mister torrance . forgive I . let 's get you clean up . int . overlook HOTEL , red bathroom - moment later Dan look up , disoriented . he 's in the red bathroom he father lean over the sink and wetting a hand move to Dan , start to wipe up the spill . jack management be concerned . dan concerned . jack about the girl . in the car . dan I will bet . and then suddenly , towel . he 123 . jack horrible , what she 's do to you . pull you into she mess . a smart man , he have let she handle it . let thing unfold as they be mean to , sit it out . dan management would do well to understand ... the girl be protect . jack why should you pay she tab , Doc ? he look into Dan 's eye . the same darkness . jack ( cont 'd ) I do it wrong . with you . I be just try to make you tough . make you a man I could be proud of . dan I believe I be . jack you mess up , Danny . get two man kill . good man . Men who take a stand . fought . and for what ? for this little girl , who start all this trouble . pull you , and they , into she mess . dan and what do management think I should do about that ? jack ( shrug ) nothing . easiest thing in the world to do , son . bring she inside . and then ... well , accept the thing you can not change . and you and I can sit at the bar , have a drink . that 's what you have always want , be not it ? Dan stare at he . about to answer when -- abra ( v.o. ) dan ! he snap to attention . look toward the door . 124 . abra ( v.o. ) Dan , she 's here ! CUT to : ext . overlook HOTEL - moment later abra climb out of the car . around she , the snow be falling harder . across the mountain , she watch as headlight climb the precarious mountain path . she stare at the approach rv , still a few minute away . Dan step out of the front door , walk toward she . she point to the light . dan okay . he look back at the hotel . Inside , more and more light be on . he look from the dark building to the approach light on the road ... danger to either side of he . he hold out he hand , and abra take it . int . overlook HOTEL , lobby - continuous Dan and abra step inside . abra look around the lobby . abra this place be sick . the same way my momo be sick ... it 's cancer . only worse . he turn , crouching down to she . dan you should call you mom . tell she where you be . by the time she get here ... abra it will be over . dan one way or the other . abra close her eye . concentrate . as she do ... Dan notice the light swell in the lobby . come up to full power . feeding off her shine . abra okay . done . what do we do now ? 125 . dan we head inside . she will find we . they start walk toward the corridor . as abra step in , Dan stop . look at something on the wall ... a FIRE axe . in a dirty glass case . ext . overlook HOTEL - minute later Rose step through the snow , look up at the hotel . the light fully bright inside , shine through the old board over the window . the HOTEL be awake . int . overlook HOTEL , lobby - moment later Rose the hat walk into the lobby of the overlook Hotel . she move slowly , take in she surroundings . feeling the power of the place . she look toward the elevator , and for just a moment -- see a flash of blood , soaking the entire lobby . she smile . int . overlook HOTEL , corridor - continuous Rose walk the corridor , past the close door . she run her finger along the wall , glance down at the familiar cross - pattern carpeting as she go deeper into the hotel . int . overlook HOTEL , colorado lounge - moment later Rose step into the iconic colorado lounge . look at the old piano ... the long desk just beyond it , in the center of the room . the desk with the old typewriter , rusted and dusty . and beyond it ... to the staircase . where dan stand , abra at he side . wait for she . Dan hold the FIRE axe . rose well hi there . Dan lean toward abra . dan ( in abra 's mind ) when this start , you run . 126. rose yes , you run , dear . then I 'il find you . and you 's 1ll scream for year before you die . abra we will see who do the scream . rose we will see indeed . dan she 's right , you know . you should be afraid . rose why be that ? dan you do not know where you be stand . rose who be you , handsome ? Dan do not answer . rose ( cont 'd ) I get it , you be scared . you should be ... you be the man who kill my crow , be not you . Dan nod . rose ( cont 'd ) the other too . dan ( to abra ) go. in that moment , Rose grab her ear as a high - pitched ringing erupt in she skull . the room goe blurry , and she stumble to one knee . after a moment , she shout -- rose enough . the sound of someone hitting the ground . Rose look up , blood run from she nose . on the stair , Dan be lying on he side , push himself back up . abra be gone , have run into the hotel during he distraction . 127 . Rose get to she foot , walk toward Dan as he rise , pick up the axe . rose ( cont 'd ) how the hell do we miss you ? you and I should have meet year ago , Danny . that 's you name , be not it ? dan I be busy . so be you ... busy kill child . rose ( shrug ) something happen to the steam , when you rube get older . it get dirty . pollute . you know that , I see the grease all over you . you do not '' shine '' quite the same , do you . grow up spoil that , I guess . but seriously , handsome , where have you be hide . he raise the axe defensively as she start climbing the stair . slowly , stalking he . rose ( cont 'd ) I can make you a offer . a offer I rarely make . dan can not wait . Dan start slowly backing up the stair . Rose follow , and they slowly climb ... just as Jack and Wendy do year ago . rose such a gift boy . hiding he light under a bushel , for so long . you could live a long , long time . live well , too . indulge yourself . no consequence . no hangover . live long , eat well . dan must feel lonely . be the last one , I mean . last one in the world . rose oh sweetie , I be not the last . Far from it . I be just the prettiest . Dan reach the top step . Rose look up at he , smile . 128. dan I assume you know my answer . rose pity . ( beat ) so be we do this or not ? a long beat ... and then a blast of noise in Rose 's head . Dan rush toward she , raising the axe -- another blast , this one in dan 's mind -- he falter , swinging the axe down toward her head -- she catch the handle , just below the blade , deflect it -- into her own shoulder . she rip the blade out , ripping it from Dan 's hand -- swinging it down , burying the blade into he thigh . she grab he around the neck , hurling he up off he feet , over her head -- and hurl he down the stair . he land hard , bounce from the stair , landing at the bottom with a thud . his leg bleeding profusely . Rose slowly descend the staircase , blood flow from she collarbone . axe in hand . eye burning with inhuman light . she crouch over he . look at he wound . rose ( cont 'd ) oh , sweetie . I seem to have nick you femoral artery . you be gonna bleed to death . he try to sit up , she smashes the back of the axe into he head , knock he back . grab he throat . pushing he back with inhuman strength . he 's outmatched . rose ( cont 'd ) my , my , what a temper you have . so much fire . you sure I can not tempt you ? turn all that fire and steam into a long , bless life ... or do you want to die here on the floor ? dan we do not die . we go on . rose Fair enough . such a waste ... or maybe not . 129 . she dig her finger into he leg wound , and he scream . she tighten she grip on he throat , lean close to he . her finger dig in the wound , and he scream louder ... and then , a faint cloud of grey steam escape he mouth . rising in the air . Rose greedily inhales it . rose ( cont 'd ) damn , even at you age ... it 's so good . you taste like whiskey . she dig in harder , and Dan scream louder . as he do -- flash before he eye : himself as a child . running , terrified through the hall . he father , limping after he . axe in hand . the woman in the tub , rising . Rose inhales another breath of Dan 's steam . rose ( cont 'd ) so much terror , all you life . delicious . you do shine - that 's the word you like , be not it ? and so do the little bitch . but honey , neither one of you can hold a candle . to I . she release he neck , grabbing he head with finger as strong ( and suddenly as sharp ) as talon . she squeezy he skull as she dig more into he leg . Dan scream in agony -- flash : little danny , running through the hedge maze . the word redrum , on the wall . and darkness ... a darkness full of locked box , like coffins . Rose breathes in more steam . eye blaze , ecstatic . rose ( cont 'd ) ( realize ) you be not alone in there . what be you hide ? she squeezy he head harder . Dan scream -- flash : lock box , lide banging . thing try to get out . rose ( cont 'd ) what 's in that ? something special ? dan you do not know where you be stand . 130 . rose you say that . what do you mean ? dan I mean you be right . I shine , and abra shine even more than I . but neither of we shine as much as you ... and you be stand in the one place -- the worst place -- for someone who shine . Rose look at he , she smile fade as -- flash : the lide of the box be thrown OPEN , all at once he grins , and for a moment , it 's he father 's grin . dan ( cont 'd ) the thing in that box be not just special ... they be starve . Rose look down at he , not understanding -- and over she shoulder , we see the rotten , emaciated face of mrs . massey . gaunt , starve . staring at rose -- mrs . massey pounce . she knock rose to the floor , and we realize she isn't alone -- dozen of ghost descend on they . all scream with hunger , face gaunt and starve . we recognize most of they - horace derwent . delbert grady . the inhabitant of the overlook . Rose scream as they climb onto her , desperate for food -- clawing , digging . they hand disappear into her body . they desperately dig into her , looking for anything to quench there decade of hunger -- Rose struggle . Fighting with everything she have to keep they back , scream in surprise and pain -- but it 's no use . the hollow eye and gape mouth of the ghost surround she , descend on she just as the true knot do to Bradley trevor . Rose look one last time at Dan , FURY and rage in she ancient eye . unable to believe that she be beat ... by he . he stare her down . hold eye contact , even as the ghost plunge there hand into she chest . one last look of hatred from Rose -- and then she start to cycle . her skin become translucent , we can see they ghostly finger inside of her , pulling at her heart , her blood -- — 131 . she thrashes beneath they , her skull shining through her skin , twisting into the inhuman monster she truly be -- she scream one last time , as steam begins to pour out of her mouth and nose . the ghost inhaling it hungrily -- and then she burst apart in a cloud of silver steam . the steam be absorbed by the inhabitant of the overlook , who greedily gulp it in -- some of it absorbed by the very carpet , be digested by the hotel itself -- and then , she be go . the ghost 's gaunt face expand , they feature become restore , the year of starvation disappearing as they inherit all of she strength . Dan try to sit up as they turn they attention to he . they advance , grinning there dead smile -- Dan close he eye , concentrating -- a flash of the lock box , he want to lock they away again -- but they be on he before he can do anything . he struggle in they grip , and as a dead hand close over he mouth -- we see he eye roll back white as the overlook pour itself into he mind . int . overlook HOTEL , corridor - moment later abra look up as the light fixture swell with new ENERGY . from somewhere deep in the hotel , the SOUND of music . Old music , echoing through the hall . she slowly walk , scare . abra uncle Dan ? just the sound of music . she move slowly , afraid , and turn the corner to see -- two girl , in blue dress . holding hand . staring at her . she stare at they . terrify . the girl stare back , they expression blank ... as someone step into the hall behind abra . she turn at the shuffling SOUND of they entrance ... it 's dan , head down . the axe in he hand . 132 . abra ( cont 'd ) uncle Dan ! be it do ? be she dead ... as abra approach , he look up at her . she stop cold . it 's Dan ... but it isn 't . his eye be dark . full of violence . the same expression he father wear , that year ago , when he tried to kill he family . abra ( cont 'd ) ( beat ) what 's wrong ? he stare at she ... and limp forward . clutching the axe . dan bad girl . bad little pup ... abra uncle Dan ... dan you be gonna take you medicine . as he pick up speed , axe at the ready . he means to kill her . she back up , the realization hit she -- then abra run . int . overlook HOTEL , corridor - continuous abra turn the corner , move fast . around she , the music louder now , the light flickering . behind she , Dan limp frantically along , axe in he hand . dan abra ! she run faster , round the corner . make it down a familiar hallway ... look over she shoulder . she 's ahead of he , but he 'il turn the corner any second -- she see a open door . run inside . as she close the door behind she , we tilt up to the room number ... room 217 . int . overlook HOTEL , room 217 - continuous abra slowly back away from the door , into the familiar room . the green wall be fade , moldy . old . keeping quiet , she back into the room . wait . she watch as a shadow pass by under the door . hear Dan 's labored breaths as he look for she . 133 . dan ( 0.s. ) abra !!! after a few moment , he pass , and she listen to he walk away . barely aware that someone be in the bathtub in the other room . just over she shoulder . the sound of water slosh gently turn she head . she turn to see -- the silhouette of a woman , sitting in the tub . her hand slowly reaching up to pull the curtain back . abra watch as mrs . massey peel back the curtain , grinning . abra steel herself against the vision . hold she ground . abra try it . Mrs. massey stand up . abra stand , wait as -- the door be suddenly kicked OPEN . she spin back toward it as dan step into the room . axe in hand . grinning at her . dan there you be . we have to talk , abra . you have be very , very bad . abra you be not uncle Dan . he stop . smiling at she . abra ( cont 'd ) you be a mask . a false face . dan who else would I be ? abra you be not he . you be the hotel . ( beat ) but he 's still in there . he smirk , and after a beat ... let the mask slip . the face stare at she be Dan 's , but also something else . something dark . something old . something that want her dead . 134 . dan mask off , then . anything else to say ? be you sure you would not like to run ? a game of tag , perhaps ? all we have be time , you know . a eternity of time . or shall we end it ? might as well . after all ... we be miss the party . abra smile at he . dan ( cont 'd ) why be you smile ? abra because you do not know where you be stand . dan I know this hall like my own face , child . abra I mean the body you be stand in ... the face you be wear . that 's Dan torrance , and you do not know he . you think he 's still a little boy , and man oh man , be you in for a surprise . dan ( laugh ) Dan torrance . you mean the same Dan torrance who be just lay break at the foot of the stair ? abra I mean the Dan torrance who make one stop , as soon as he get here . ( beat ) to the boiler room . Dan 's smile disappear . he do not know that ... and we can see the implication scare he . he lift the axe , swinging it down at her head -- abra hold her ground , doesn ’t even flinch as -- the axe stop . inches from her head . Dan hold it , stare at she with a perplexed expression . a internal struggle happening before we eye , he hand shaking ... 135 . she reach up , gently resting her hand on he , just above the axe blade . and then , after a long beat ... Dan close he eye . breathes in ... and when he open they , we see the difference . it 's dan again . the real dan . abra ( cont 'd ) ( smile ) there you be . dan you be suppose to run . abra I do not want to leave you ... Dan smile , gently . dan I be right where I be suppose to be . abra I know you would not let it hurt I . I could feel it . dan ( beat ) abra ... I can not hold it back much longer though . you have to run . abra no . I be not go anywhere without you . dan I will be right behind you . have to close the door behind we , right ? she stare at he , not sure if she believe it . he nod , reassure . and finally ... dan ( cont 'd ) run. abra turn , running from the room . Dan hold he ground , he gentle smile fade as the HOTEL regains control . his face be slowly overtaken by panic . '' Dan '' turn , dropping the axe as he run -- 136 . int . overlook HOTEL , boiler room - moment later -- into the boiler room . head to the boiler , look at the gage -- the steam pressure be already in the red . panicked , he reach up to grab the handle ... but he hand stop . inch from the wheel . his face contort in confusion . dan , inside , try to stop he hand from relieving the pressure ... dan ( struggle ) be you out ? int . overlook HOTEL , lobby - moment later abra run toward the door . abra almost ... int . overlook HOTEL , boiler room —- continuous Dan 's hand shake over the boiler . his face contort with rage and anger ... with great effort , Dan manage to step back , away from the boiler . lowering he hand . sitting back , watching the boiler overload . flame erupt from the pipe . he sigh , know it 's over ... the fire can not be stop now . he stand and watch , even as the flame spread toward he . as they reach he , Dan close he eye , exhausted but victorious . in the firelight , we see he weary smile as the FIRE reach he . ext . overlook HOTEL - moment later abra stand in the snow , watch as flame begin to erupt from the hotel . she stare , helpless as they spread . abra come on uncle Dan , get out of there ... the FIRE spread fast ... the old , rotten wood and plaster of the hotel catch quickly . the flame build and build as the snow fall around she . 137 . abra ( cont 'd ) come on . on the mountain pass , in the distance , she see siren from the approaching police car . her mother bring the cavalry . she turn , look as the flame engulf the HOTEL ... glowing in the snow . the fire so large now , burst through window . abra wait , and wait . a tear roll down she cheek . desperate for he to be safe . for it to be over . she wait ... and wait ... as the police car reach the top of the pass . abra ( v.o. ) the fire spread fast . destroy the hotel ... purify it . CUT to : int . abra' house , abra' room - another night , week later abra sit on the foot of she bed . abra Burning so bright I be warm , even in the snow . I could almost hear it scream . I could hear it die . and I know , somewhere deep inside ... I know you be okay . reveal dan . lean against the wall . smiling at she . dan I be sorry I put you in danger . it be the only way . abra I know . ( beat ) do you think she be right ? when she say she be not the last one . do you think there be more , somewhere out there ? Dan consider this , move toward the window . look out the mountain in the moonlight . dan the world be a hungry place . a dark place . ( more ) 138 . dan ( cont 'd ) and maybe there 's more of they , or thing like they , or worse . but there be more people like you too . people who stand . she smile at he . he look out at the mountain . the snow at the peak , against the night sky . dan ( cont 'd ) you know what rene daumal say about mountain ? '' what be above know what be below , but what be below do not know what be above . one climb , one see . one descend , one see no longer ... but one have see . '' ( beat ) they really be lovely , be not they . he turn back to she , the mountain behind he . dan ( cont 'd ) I tell you , when we first meet ... I tell you that you should hide , keep you head down . keep you shine out of sight . I be wrong about that . ( beat ) shine on , abra Stone . you shine on . she smile . in the hallway , Lucy approach . lucy abra ! dinner time ! ( step in ) who be you talk to ? reveal : the room be empty . abra sit alone . abra no one . int . abra 's house , upstair hallway - continuous abra stop at the end of the hall . Lucy turn back to she . abra that 's not true . I lie , just now . I be talk to Dan . lucy how ? 139 . abra we go on . after . we go on . and he 's okay , mom . he really be . lucy ( beat ) good . she head down the stair . abra wait , watch she go . after a few beat ... she turn , toward the bathroom at the end of her hall . she stare at it . lucy ( cont 'd ) you come ? through the door , in the dark ... we see the shadow of the woman , sitting in the tub . behind the curtain . mrs . massey , come for abra . as she do for Danny , year ago . abra in a minute . she turn , walk down the hall . relaxed . she step into the bathroom , and slowly turn to close the door behind she . as she do , abra smile . fade to black .